Are Mathematics graduate programs open to admitting a student out of high school with graduate work?
How to make suggestions to professors on how to teach?
What are the obligations of a principal investigator?
How can you get to do a Short Oral Presentation at the International Congress of Mathematicians?
How should we cite a MOOC?
PhD in the US compared to Europe
Easier to obtain permanent position in Europe after being faculty in US?
Panic Attacks during an exam - Can the student be re-tested?
Do any NIH post-doc grants besides the K99/R00 have time limits from graduation?
Is there a reliable indicator for which which NIH RFAs are open to post-docs?
Is it a negative that my PhD research has been in several unrelated areas?
Submitting Long Papers versus Short Papers
I am having difficult first year in my part-time PhD program; How can I figure out whether I should leave it or not?
Help picking an appropriate citing style
When citing a paper on arXiv, how important is the category?
What is the highest post-doctoral salary one should ask for (immunology)
Does rigor/thoroughness of undergraduate program matter (for graduate/PhD applications)?
Should final exams be comprehensive?
Is it okay to report classmates cheating on exams?
École Normale Supérieure's students' class rankings and ranking on the national concours exam for agregation?
Are many new math results first published in monographs?
Where can I learn more about the differences between areas of chemistry at graduate level?
Should definition of terms section be included in the introduction or the literature review chapter?
Decision making paradigm for career planning
Should I answer students' questions immediately or teach them to ask better questions?
Do people need to have their PhDs at Harvard to get tenure at MIT (and vice versa) in STEM fields?
Computer Science, MEng or BSci + MSc in the UK?
Given only one possible appointment for masters application interview with no possibility to renegotiate date: Is this a red flag or normal?
Is it better to submit a paper to an important journal without the supervisor name or to a less important journal with the supervisor name?
Does grading based on a curve make cheating unfair?
Model for the number of citations an article receives over time
Is it common for doctoral dissertations from for-profit schools to be unavailable?
How much do Springer-Verlag authors make per book sold?
Forum for discussing research paper
Is it more ethical to hire a tutor to prepare or to cheat on a test?
Where to include contact details in math paper
When should you publish code on GitHub? Work-in-progress or after publication?
Is it wrong to impose a challenging time constraint on exams?
Are open-book exams generally a superior way to test understanding on practical courses?
Can I include in my CV the invitation to a conference I'm not sure to attend?
Is it ethical for advisors to automatically coauthor papers?
Culture clashes in authorship norms
Pedagogical reasons for time-limited exams
Independent publishing of paper resulting from a project
Does PNAS allow authors to request referees who have not co-authored with them but work at the same university?
Do you know if Science/Nature/PNAS accept review articles that are not invited and do not contain original research?
Can I use someone else's research commercially?
Can reviewing papers help increase your credibility as a researcher?
Applying and interviewing for a faculty position without intent of accepting position
Computer Science (Database/ Data Mining) Conference Evaluation
Illness affected performance - but not that much?
Is it a good idea for a part-time post-grad to start an Academic CV?
Is there any mechanism to prevent an author from cross-sending a manuscript?
Is it permissible to use somebody else's words (without quotations) to describe a concept once their work is cited?
Is getting a second masters frowned upon?
Is it unethical to accept extra time on exams when I still do well?
How does accepting a full time lectureship position at a top 15 University affect one's chances of future employment?
Opinion on accepting a grad school offer after having already accepted another offer
First time opportunity to give a seminar
Worthwhile to put subreviewing on CV as a grad student?
Consolation position after tenure is denied
Collective PhD by a research group
Should one apply for tenure track positions below current rank?
If an author declines authorship, may her co-authors publish without her?
Adding additional member to a funded project
Unsolicited request for a scientific collaboration
How to approach potential advisor who's going on sabbatical?
Are patents appropriate in taxpayer funded academic settings?
Tattoos in the Workplace
Should previous final exams be released to students?
"This is very interesting as a project" What is the next step to obtain PhD position?
How to explain to my boss where not to publish?
Can a Ph.D. candidate at a US-style Ph.D.-only graduate school be admitted to a European doctoral course?
How can I prove that I didn't plagiarize?
Are there resources for learning how to write a scientific paper?
How much leeway will i have in suggesting a co-adviser or committee member when i am funded by a professor?
What's the difference in responsibilities between a committee member, a co-advisor and an advisor in an PhD committee?
Order of taking courses
European fellowships for neuroscience or anatomy?
Why do people organize summer schools?
"Post-Postdoc" Independent Researcher with Office in University?
Does taking courses of various subjects matter in PhD admission?
Electronic version of diploma in the US universities?
Why are some journal articles so expensive?
What is the difference of a BA/BS in Computer Science for obtaining a Ph.D?
Using relative numbering for tables and figures
Do postdoctoral studies have official certificate?
Do I cite introductory material in a subject that helped me indirectly?
Interview for a PhD position at a German university
Is it OK for an MSc Student to Review a Scientific Paper?
Are Master's becoming required for USA PhD programs?
Some collection of students' theses or dissertations
Decision about getting a job while completing MSc Studies
Does using complex mathematical notation detract the reader from a paper?
Should I choose an tenured advisor good at research but bad at teaching or an untenured professor good at teaching?
Why are linguistics and law "sciences"?
Dropping out of grad school with F's: how will this affect job prospects?
Can call numbers differ between libraries?
Will taking the math GRE subject test be a plus point for admission in MS/PhD in computer science?
Is relocation assistance offered to postdocs?
Is it necessary to ask permission before including someone in the acknowledgements of a research paper?
Are religious invocations in academic presentations appropriate?
Specific Weakness in GRE Quantitative Section - Looking for Advice
Should one disclose his/her family information in an academic job interview?
Is there an implied requirement to include citations?
How ambitious should one be in picking a journal to submit to?
In a research group, is it better to have few post-docs and many PhD students, or viceversa?
Handling plagiarism as a TA
What does "corresponding author" mean?
How to translate foreign-language theses into English?
How to manage lot of random yet potential ideas for research and startup?
Realised afterwards that I committed mild plagiarism in a paper I wrote as an undergraduate, what should I do?
How do you know the project you are working on is worthy of a PhD dissertation. How does it differ from MS dissertation
Do editors choose reviewers based on the quality of manuscripts?
Is there an alternative to traditional exams?
Should university administrators share official matters with students?
Numbering Introduction and Conclusion?
Are there cheaper alternatives to ACM and to IEEE Xplore digital libraries?
Is listing non-academic interests on academic CVs important?
Access to Community Colleges in US
How to start an official email to a professor
Translating British faculty titles into American equivalents
What to put in "affiliation" field when submitting paper without affiliation?
Abandoning vs. further pursuing a rejected paper?
Paper rejected. Should I appeal against biased reviews?
What time of day should I schedule my thesis defense?
Where to find curriculum for a specific program?
What is the difference between a school and a department?
What do the middle digits of course codes represent?
How relevant are (journal) papers for the valuation of one’s work and results?
Should academics allow student to submit a possibly flawed paper?
How can we promote better writing skills in academic education?
Why are there no standards for awarding PhD degrees?
Having students scribe lectures
What copyright issues could arise if I write a book based on one of my articles?
Postdoctoral fellowships/calls to work in Europe for scientists/mathematicians/engineers that are similar to Marie curie?
Can one have two different sources for postdoc fundings together in Europe?
Funding of research by commercial companies, what is the sentiment in the USA?
Why did my professor criticize my performance indirectly?
Are itemized lists discouraged in scientific papers?
Qualifications for textbook authorship
What is a "graduate school"?
What should I do if an admissions office asks me for a bachelor's thesis, when my program didn't require it?
MS in Pure Maths to PhD in Statistics
Why do PhD take so long in the USA?
Life as a master student vs PhD student
How many manuscripts per day are sent to leading journals?
How to state that you “rigorified” an existing paper without sounding arrogant or condescending?
Motivating myself to study?
What to do with spare research topics?
Pedagogy for biology (genetics)
Can I use informal sources (particularly online sources)?
How to offer fair exam retakes?
Using IEEE Citation style, how should I Cite a Figure, that was based on one in a text?
Differences in student load at liberal arts colleges vs. research universities
Should I write a paper on open-source software I've built?
Applying for a post-graduate degree with an Italian three-year bachelor's degree
Will the admission committee actually read a student's paper mentioned in resume?
publishing papers vs. receiving Masters/PhD
Should teachers be entertainers?
Will people think negatively of owning a nice car in grad school?
PhD opportunities in Spring in US universities
Is it true that corporations influence the conclusions of research studies or papers?
Lodging an objection to a decision to reject my Master application
Best practices for dissertation committees to review chapters?
How hard is to get a post-doc in the area of HEP-Theory?
Pursuing a second masters in a more established school
How large is the effect of one's appearance on the recognition among scientific peers?
What is your university's policy on course reductions for service on dissertation committees?
can I use instagram pictures for an academic work
Can you describe a required online science course that used discussion well?
How to deal with violence in the classroom (UK)?
How to neutralize an Ivy League obsession?
How to handle a colleague who hasn't pulled their weight
What can I do if I am constantly invited as a reviewer, but don't have the time?
At the age of 27 is it worth changing graduate schools and starting again?
How can I move from chemical engineering into drug discovery?
Should I number all formulas in published documents for citations?
Is it possible to submit a conference paper without results?
Standard style when citing different authors from the same group
Construct a network of citations
Is it unethical for professional societies to offer conference discounts to members?
Is it appropriate to show concern for a professor's well-being?
What rate of faculty turnover is healthy?
Writing emails to prospective professors about Phd
Authorship of PI and/or other advisor on independent work?
Do goofs in a recommendation letter hurt a student applying for grad school?
How to cite an aside article in a bible MLA format
Contact reviewers/authors after the end of the review cycle for follow up
Where can I find information about upcoming special issues in a field of study?
What is known about the journal Notes on Number Theory and Discrete Mathematics?
Saying "After doing this work we learned..." in a paper
Does a PhD student need a co-supervisor?
Am I obliged to share my most promising data?
My problem about writing a technical/research report/paper
I have the option to retain copyright on my published paper. Should I?
Switching between active and passive voice
Hard data on students using W's to enhance their GPAs?
At what point should I stop caring about writing papers after leaving academia?
Common grade curving or scaling techniques
Can I change my academic affiliation after a conference paper is accepted but before submitting the camera ready version?
Will a dropped class hurt PhD application?
Will dismissal from one graduate school affect me applying to another?
What should I do if my advisor insists on being first author, in violation of my field's conventions?
Is reading novels helpful for GRE Preparation?
Is using the phrase "... is left as an exercise for the reader" considered good style in academic papers/theses?
SCI/other credible journals for low budget authors
I found a nontrivial mistake in my currently-under-review paper. Should I send a correction to the editor?
another master's degree or just single courses?
How to submit a talk to a conference – Starting with replying to a Call for Presentations
Retake the math GRE... as a grad student, preparing to transfer?
mentioning MOOC's I took in my scholarship application
How do I find applied math tenure track positions at at liberal arts / four-year colleges?
How reliable are QS Top Universities rankings?
Is it possible for me to apply for a student and working visa to obtain a post-graduate degree?
How to answer the question "tell me about yourself" in a Masters degree interview?
How to decide between sending paper to a specialized journal or to a journal with broader audience?
How much is submission acceptance to high-profile conferences influenced by internal politics?
What can I do if my supervisor does not publish my research results?
Is there an independent oversight body of Journal Impact Factors?
Correct term to address the "academic publications"
recommended and reliable proofreading services
Prestige of publishing in special vs regular journal issue
Using grants while on unpaid leave
How are GPAs from different universities evaluated for admissions to MS programs in the USA?
Publishing PhD thesis at another university due to not being able to afford high publishing costs?
Notable academics or departments ranking list?
Do all versions of an arXiv paper appear in Google Scholar?
Should I emphasize certain traits in my CV for master's application?
Where might I find a collection of before and after proofread articles?
Would it be considered cheating to ask for homework help on the internet, if I openly acknowledge the help received?
How to find an arXiv endorser
What to do when I think a published paper displays academic misconduct?
Am I morally obliged to report what I judge as self-plagiarism?
How to symbolize that figure is cropped?
Enter academia with no undergraduate degree (only professional experience)
How to make academic life bearable under stressing circumstances?
Is it ethical to publish a paper about porting an existing software package to another programming language?
Should I send my mediocre test scores if it's not compulsory to do so?
Software for submitting and testing programming assignments
I am a secondary school student and I think I have proven an open result, how do I get it out?
Does applying for a patent first make it more difficult to publish (or vice versa)?
How many times is OK to register for a PhD program?
There are any website to review my non native english?
Does anybody receive printed copies of new journal issues nowadays?
As an undergrad student, how should I ask a professor for an opportunity to do research with them?
How long should a book proposal review be?
Is verbatim copying several paragraphs of text with citation considered plagiarism?
Can I ask a postdoc who has closely supervised my research to write me a letter of recommendation?
Importance of grades when applying to Master's degree program?
Is there anything I can do if a professor agreed to supervise me but I was rejected by the admission committee?
Technique for teaching "unlearning"?
Cleaning up/Uniformize bibliography for long document
failure in research
Is it a violation of copyright if I draw and publish a figure very similar to another person's published figure?
How long is too long to wait for a rejection because of a lack of reviewers?
What is or should be the meaning of a "grade"?
Trying other PhD opportunities while accepting an offer from my master supervisor?
How can I express "I can't find any papers written about this"?
How to number courses in an undergraduate Computer Science curriculum?
Surface plots vs. colour maps
If I cannot get sufficient recommendation letters, what can I do?
How to filter data obtained with practical measurements and simulations to be concisely put into a paper?
Citing an instrument manual
Finding research papers for undergraduate research
Can I present a conference paper if I am not a researcher?
What is a Chartered Scientist/Engineer & how do you become one?
How should I reference my Github repository with materials for my paper?
World map with academic works graded by relevance?
what do you do if your PhD advisor publishes a solo paper on your topic?
"Thank you" notes after giving a seminar talk
How to explain why I want to go to a summer school?
Why do PhD students complain so much?
Signature for Doctor of Information Technology prefix and suffix
As a Ph.D. student, should I spend time reviewing papers?
How do I write a compelling statement about my interest in diverse domains?
What should a good theoretical Physics project for an MSc. Physics student look like?
Copy pasting sentences from abstracts of other papers for describing related work
How much background detail should go in the introduction section in a paper?
Is it the number or quality of internships that is more important for Graduate School admission into Computer Science?
Talking about other projects in a job talk
Pros and cons on working in an industrial research lab without a PhD
Two questions on Marie Curie Actions and current open calls
How to conduct an effective regular group meeting?
Are Scantron Sheets under Copyright? Or are there non-proprietary alternatives?
How do I pick good keywords for literature alerts?
Two simultaneous part time master's degrees while working full time
What is the best way to publicise an on-line survey for research?
MLA in-text citation of documents written by an organization, like UNESCO?
Which is more impressive -- finishing a PhD in 2.5 years or getting more research done?
Is excluding a co-author from a proposal considered academic misconduct or just an ethical issue?
College in high school and math graduate school admissions
Sending manuscript to a journal that rejected an earlier paper
Social etiquette for interacting with PhD peers who complain *a lot*
In ABET accreditation criteria, what is the meaning of "one year of X"?
The use of second authorship paper for graduate admission
Is it possible to get a PhD through government/industry/military lab, and if it is, what is the process?
Is the Journal of Data Science still alive?
What are the benefits/detriments to graduate students joining unions?
How should academics handle communication with the media?
Relational Reference Management Software?
Origin of the thesis-degree procedure
How to cite musical score in Turabian given the following options?
Is it rude to ask via email to a professor if there are any internship opportunities?
What guidelines exist for volume of evidence in an undergraduate business assignment?
Is it acceptable to take some exercises directly from the text book when preparing exercise sheets?
In citations, how to find out if it's a compound name?
How to send a research proposal to find potential PhD supervisor?
Use of automated assessment of programming assignments
Using WolframAlpha for a take-home exam
How do you keep track of papers during a brainstorming literature review?
How to write a personal statement for a dissertation fellowship?
If you disclose an invention, are you still able to file for trade secrecy?
What are the impacts on learning of allowing students to eat in class?
Do I publish a paper independently or ask a professor to mentor me?
Choosing title for a section in the curriculum vitae
Is an instructor position a possibility to pursue research (semi-)seriously?
How do I convince my department that not all research needs to be profit-oriented?
How to move from experimental to computational research
Methods for Assessing The Performance of an Exam
Method and content in selecting a social science dissertation project
MOOC's certificates on graduate admissions
Ethics of conducting research on a class
Should I put my supervisor as coauthor of a paper?
Why is it so difficult to find a topic for my thesis research?
What should I do if I cannot reproduce experimental published results
Is it ethical for the postdoc to be listed as a co-author and the corresponding author on all group publications?
What is the significance of the corresponding author?
How to handle someone propositioning me to collude/cheat with them on an assignment?
Better chances for math grad school: graduate in three years or four?
Longer PhD with a deeper result vs a shorter PhD with a sufficient result
Should I give my affiliation as "independent" to protest my institution's funding policies?
Name misspelled in first publication
Why do university campuses have glass blowing services?
Handling unsolicited proofs of famous mathematical problems
What journals that may consider "new proof of old results"?
What does [ctb] stand for?
Can non-reviewers influence the decision about a paper in a program committee?
Is it acceptable to write reports in the IEEE standard paper format?
How to react to an angry email / argument as a third party
How will my second PhD application be perceived, after abandoning the first?
What is the rationale for having references before the article text?
How much of my ongoing unpublished research should I disclose to others?
How can co-authors check the status of a submitted manuscript in Elsevier Editorial System?
How to cite the original source of an algorithm and a secondary source that provides a clearer description of the algorithm?
How to motivate myself to do more than the bare minimum that is required of me?
Is it ethical/acceptable to give a lighter penalty to students who admit to cheating?
Will taking a post-doc position harm my future chances in industry?
Workshop(s) for application to Marie Curie postdoctoral Fellowships (formerly IIF, IEF and IOF, now just IF)
How much can one download from databases before it is too much?
How to define author order of a collaborative paper where all authors have contributed equally?
Personal advantages of being a referee once you quit science?
May I modify the code/program for my undergraduate thesis project?
Is it okay for a supervisor to require students to seek permission before publishing?
My advisor wants me to include a name of someone who has no contribution to the paper
Compiling ethical standards for coauthorship across academic fields and regions
Etiquette on sending a thank you e-mail to respondents who gave me helpful information
Can literature review be a research paper on its own?
Appropriate ways to propose moving from a single to a joint appointment
What are the advantages/disadvantages of a PhD advisor who is experienced vs. one at the beginning of his career?
How to deal with a difficult team supervisor?
Are there any journals that pay reviewers?
Is providing a slow response to journal reviews a common/good strategy for minimizing the number of review requests?
Where can I find correlation between US News ranking and IPEDS database?
Should I withdraw my paper if I find another paper published with the same idea?
What to do when co-authors want to submit manuscript for publication and you think it still has problems?
Can I get into PhD in Physics with a high GRE score and an unrelated masters degree?
Is it legal to provide a copy of published IEEE paper on my personal website?
Going back to university after suspension, how do I move past the shame?
Attaching reprints of published but copyrighted papers with job application
What does it mean "a dissertation submitted in partial satisfaction"?
Research Article Introduction Reporting Purpose of Research , what is difference between simple past tense and simple present tense?
Job prospects after completing graduate studies in Geology
Do researchers reuse benchmark results for existing algorithm when comparing with their algorithm?
What is a reasonable time to resubmit revised papers after they have been peer reviewed?
How common is it that publishers withdraw a paper due to incorrect conclusions?
Does a tutorial type conference submission differ significantly from a regular submission?
PhD sanity check on project description and advisor
Topical tag cloud generator for researchers/academics
Is there a conflict of interest when the supervisor and co-supervisor are husband and wife?
Which topics to include in a teaching presentation?
GRE Score Advice: Should I retake?
After a PhD in biotechnology/engineering - more opportunities in industry or a postdoc positions?
Reviewer asked to move every mathematical proof to appendices for an engineering journal
How do I talk about methodology mistakes In a scientific project report?
Will an internship in biology benefit me when my major is not biology?
Should I tell my advisor that I have an autism spectrum disorder?
Cannot reproduce what I have learned or memorised
Citing an accepted but not yet published paper
Signed up for conference, having second thoughts
After 3 Years of PhD - problems with University registration - Fight or apply for another PhD
No answer from Editor
Thinking about leaving a master's program
Is a co-advisor a good solution if my advisor is not very familiar with part of my research area?
"Dividing Points" among cheating students
Why does the APA/MLA format suggest the use of double-spacing?
Searching a pdf journal paper for mathematical symbols
Are contributions to a open source project helpful for graduate admissions?
Is it formal to inform readers that a point will be discussed later in the chapter?
Is it worthless to cite a paper as X et al. when X is not first author but performed the work?
Can I write my whole SOP about machine learning for graduate school admissions?
Is it normal to preferentially invite female speakers when there would otherwise be few female speakers?
Is it dishonest to guess on multiple choice exams?
Adviser wants to be joint first author, even though I did most of the research
Why do US flagship state universities vary so much in quality?
A working paper or a discussion paper or something else?
What are the important factors to consider when choosing a Master topic?
How to get rid of unwanted and annoying co-author?
Phd application procedure in European universities, specifically in Scandinavia and the Netherlands
What query language is most common for e-journal searches?
Can I be admitted into a grad school program at a different university if I quit my current program?
What is the socio-economic argument or historical basis for university tuition fees?
Publishing work in areas you're no longer interested in
How to obtain a percentile ranking for a journal? (i.e., top 30%; 30% to 50%)
Conference Travel Grant
Methods for figuring out the best schools for a particular field of study
Is the arXiv a good way to get feedback on one's work?
How common is it for graduate schools to allow admission to be deferred for a year
Putting the cart before the horse: to state a claim without proof then prove it later or use a worse method?
Is it advisable to attend a conference in Germany with talks by German presenters in English if you don't speak German?
Can I ask for co-authorship if I share code and am willing to help applying code to the problem?
How to think while comparing approaches
How should I prepare e-prints (pre-prints and post-prints) of already published papers?
Copied Letter of Recommendation?
Is it possible to cross over from chemistry to biology?
Should the title be changed when converting a conference article into a journal article?
Is it common to claim co-authorship by helping writing a paper without doing any research
What date goes on your hardbound PhD thesis?
Best-practice models for "research" code?
Years ago, a professor agreed to write a LOR, but never sent it. Therefore, I'm not accepted in any school. What can I do?
Is it common to cite the numbers of results a search engine yields as evidence for the prevalence of something online?
Citing terse works, or wordy comprehensible works?
How to get cited and how to boost the impact of one's work?
Can I get a letter of recommendation from a professor who didn't teach me BUT I did research with?
How to explain to college that religious observance precludes me from living on campus, as required?
Aftermath of rightfully submitting a solo paper without my advisor's name
How to judge the quality of my own paper?
How would you decide to publish (or not) in F1000Research or other journals with alternative peer-review methods?
Does publishing a research chapter in a book advance my academic career?
How to best leverage resources offered at small undergraduate school to be a competitive applicant to top law or architecture + planning schools
H-1B Visa Sponsorship by Universities
Is it reasonable to ask for access to an advisor/supervisor during summer time?
Is it normal to feel dread before starting a faculty position?
Programming Interview for PhD Admission in Computer Science
What is a senior research fellow?
Responding to different requests to contribute a book chapter
Are there any tools to automatically search and download literature in a given .bib file?
How do I compare my thesis research work to commercial products that I can't obtain?
Being the right kind of demanding as a college instructor
Can a journal withhold referee reports from the authors of a rejected paper?
Academic 'rehabilitation' after poor undergraduate results
Should I mention not completing a Phd in a cover letter?
Is a postdoctoral scholar expected to work during the summer?
Can I do a thesis project in an area if I haven't taken a course on it?
Is it bad form to ask someone to be my advisor over email?
How should I write the last sentence in my email to a professor?
Should I publish findings not from my field?
Secondary citation MS Word 2013 (APA Style)
Should I chase up confidential feedback not being "sanitised"
Retroactively turning down an accepted offer to a professional program from one school in favour of an offer from another school?
Is it bad practice to submit the entire manuscript for an initial book proposal to a publisher?
How to tell my advisor I am leaving the PhD program, when he is the reason I'm leaving?
Referencing assignments from past students
Effective way to organize a course so that it can be followed from abroad
What does "informal application letter" mean?
Referencing others' ideas in introductions and conclusions?
Is it a good academic practice to tell the reader in the introduction what the essay is about directly?
Why do we cite books with publisher and city?
Is it advisable to have many clickable hyperlinks in an academic CV?
Is it right and polite to ask for a free copy of a published paper?
Is it appropriate to send a gift to a professor for an online course?
Do all US schools provide the same access to e-journal resources?
Getting into grad school with a low gpa
How can code be classified in a Thesis(Figure, Table, Listing, etc)
Graduate courses as undergrad vs master's degree
How do I convince my professor to let me retake an exam?
Do any schools offer teaching or research assistantships via distance education?
Double major in Physics and engineering for career safety
Is it appropriate to ask an author for an English translation of a paper?
Can I ask a professor (via e-mail) for a citation for a result presented in lecture notes?
Can you do paid external work under a PhD contract in France?
How to maximize the benefit of an exchange opportunity during PhD
Citing different web pages by the same author in APA
Difference between computer science MS and MCS
What are the consequences of withdrawing an abstract from a conference?
Is it mandatory to include the registered trademark symbol ® next to the name of a computer program?
Tips for publishing draft manuscripts on arxiv
What is the value of a Coursera certificate?
How many times can you present the same material at different conferences before it becomes stale?
What are the most important factors evaluated when applying for Phd position?
Where can one find jobs where companies hire mathematicians where they can do (not necessarily mainstream) research?
What steps should I follow in order to be able to start conducting research if there's no sign of support within my department?
How lenient are conferences in accepting and reviewing lately submitted poster presentation abstracts?
Is it ethical to submit a paper with the name of a co-author who cannot be contacted?
Which licence choose for a new academic computing language?
Is it appropriate to e-mail a researcher asking about progress on a follow-up paper?
How to use feedback on written publications efficiently?
How to find an alternative international transcript evaluation service?
How to go about contacting an author regarding questions on their research?
For graduate admissions, are difficult classes valued over perfect grades?
Informing your advisor that you are changing disciplines
By what title should I greet assistant and associate professors in emails and letters?
How to ask PhD advisor to work remotely on thesis for extensive periods?
Can individual international scholars apply for US federal funds?
Is there an association for academic managers?
Might colleges and universities not consider me for an assistant professor position because I'm a professional tutor in addition to being a teacher?
Do graduate schools consider courses that are exclusive for one country?
How to set the threshold below which students get a failing grade in a university-level course?
Which are the criteria I have to follow to choose a citation style for my book?
Can one get a faculty position by posting CV on job websites?
Short papers at computer science conferences
Paths to specialize in antique book and manuscript conservation and handling
Should I include a bibliographical entry in the Works Cited pages for works I just mention?
Is there a way to check for similarities within a single text?
Prestigious institutions with open admissions policies
Is it proper to cite something when using it just as an example?
Is a diploma updated in new request?
Are there any aspects of PhD work that do not translate well to distance learning?
Can graphics created with Wolfram Mathematica be freely used and distributed?
Can a routine in R be published in academic journals?
Examples of teams of teachers?
Is an algorithm that stitches together various algorithms "good enough" material for IEEE Trans?
Cite page of paper vs page of proceedings
Student Travel Grant = Volunteering; is it worth it?
How to find relevant and new open research topics?
Does working in a project without being a first author of any of its papers help my career path in academia
How can I improve my chances of receiving PhD funding (UK, Anthropology)?
PhD: what happens if I quit?
How to respond to allegations of misconduct in authorship dispute?
What changes should be notated in a journal resubmission?
High school summer research in fields other than biology/medicine
Database of final BA/MA papers?
Is it good practice/advisable to sum up passages from a reference into a few sentences in my own paper?
What to mention in your introduction to your research methodology chapter
Which kind of undergraduate course is better for a student wishing to do research in physics?
Statement of purpose for applying to graduate school in a different field of study than high school
Is it ethical to withdraw a paper after acceptance in order to resubmit to a better journal?
Ranking in class + Resume
Which is more important for PhD applicants — Quality or quantity of research papers?
Making my advisor publish manuscript
Should I ask colleagues of my mentor for internship opportunity?
How to cite a lab manual?
Should I put my marked assignments online?
What does archival contribution in journals mean?
Stay put or enter the US application process
Correct way of referencing equations, figures and tables inline?
What should I do if a student has already done all the work for my course elsewhere?
When should you move on from a postdoc position?
How to discourage irrelevant self-citation?
Can a publisher publish a manuscript without the authors permission?
Should you mention previous rejections when resubmitting a paper? What is common practice?
How and what do I present at my PhD coursework
Where to add citation when having several paragraphs from the same source(s)?
Is hiding publications in CV a good idea?
Requesting review of short proof by professor
Advice: How to prepare myself for Adjunct Teaching
How often are poster presentations rejected from conferences?
Mean life of Universities
How does Faculty of Graduate Studies work?
Do American students enroll in unaccredited universities?
recommendations for increasing the visibility and ranking of a faculty?
Degree program changed before attending graduate school
LaTeX itemize options: are they allowed to use in a master thesis?
Why are small cap and old style numerals not used in technical writing?
Publishing results posted Stack Exchange
Is it a good idea to cite paper from publisher listed in Beall’s list
Comparative quality of articles in questionable journals
What to do when students bring me questions related to other courses and subjects?
What is the best way to respond to students adding teachers to facebook?
How important is publication for PhD admission?
How to react to flawed preprints?
Is it bad for one's future career prospects if the PhD thesis topic is broad?
What Kind of Research Method is this?
Asked to tutor in a class I am currently taking
Obtaining followup clarification/feedback from referees via the editor
How should you address academic colleagues in the United States? Is the "Prof" title necessary?
How to handle an advisor who communicates badly and puts me in a bad position as a result?
Is it permissible to request a new reviewing editor?
Graduate in three years and then apply for Ph.D. programs?
Publishing a review in a peer-reviewed Wiki vs a traditional journal?
Who launches a private non-profit university?
Research paper - translated plagiarism?
Positioning of elements in research paper
Referring to the thesis itself
Take a few courses in another university
Can the communicating author remove some of the authors (4 out of 6) when submitting the second revision of a paper describing a database?
Should I use recommendation letter from young professor I worked with or well-known professor I met in class?
How do I cite ebooks without page numbers?
Transitioning: PhD to Postdoc and Productivity
Can you do research in same field as your diploma and another field at the same time?
Do the author's name and/or affiliation affect the visibility of a paper?
A question about continuing education in an Engineering major or Sciences
Is it appropriate to assign Mechanical Turk-type tasks as extra credit?
Are there many journals that do not accept TeX?
Can students finish much of their PhD thesis before applying to a PhD program?
Get citation relations from a given collection of papers
Citing a 'co-student's Bachelor's thesis
When is a supervisor unable to request paper retraction if a paper gets published without her consent?
Postdoctoral applications - informal enquires
I have been pigeonholed, how can I solve it?
PhD student leaving current program for reasons of safety. Recommendations for what to do next in terms of schools and catching up?
Co-author blocking publication
Should I publish as sole author and do everything or invite coauthors so that I mostly just do the programming and benchmarking?
Should I Use the New Term in the Title Which is Introduced in the Paper?
Dealing with emails that could be interpreted as being endorsed by you
How to start an academic career after 5-6 years in industry, without an undergraduate degree?
Is open-plan office for academia at all?
How can I apply a Computer Science degree towards a career in a research-related position of another field?
Apply for PhD before finishing my Master's degree
Is it plagiarism to publish a table that was published earlier in a different journal?
Should I cite sources about a technology description?
"Awaiting Editors Decision" what could it mean?
Is my career over if thesis went bad?
How prestigious are the meetings of the Optical Society of America (OSA)?
Is it normal for math grad students to be required to take summer classes to work?
Should I switch from an M.A. to an M.S. program if my department allows me to choose?
M.Sc. after long 16 years in industry
what is the usual time to start applying for jobs and other positions during a phd?
Is it reasonable to not publish data from research for fear of undermining previous work?
Part time industrial work during a mathematics PhD
Studies on lost teaching hours due to USA Affordable Care Act?
Is there a theoretical-physics masters program that accepts mathematics graduates?
Are there any available studies on the effectiveness of "learning by teaching"?
What relevance do law school grades have on admission to a Master's degree in economics?
How much does topic and supervisor matter for honours in computer science when the aim is ultimately to do a PhD?
Preventing leaking exam papers/cheating using phone cameras?
Masters Admissions and Academic Dishonesty
Is the signature track on coursera useful for MS admissions?
How to contact an Emeritus professor?
Can a conference paper be an extended version of a previous conference paper? Will it face copyright issues?
How to increase my chance for being admitted to a PhD if my MSc is in a different topic?
Is there a university that has only graduate programs?
What should I ask my potential Ph.D advisor in advance, before actually signing a contract?
Dispute over precision with coauthor
Is it legal to use tourist visa waiver for academic visits?
How to interest a researcher in a topic (social science)?
Who should pursue a Ph.D degree?
How can I find a PhD position to work on a highly specific idea of my own?
What does "DeWitt W. Buchanan, Jr." in a professor's title mean?
Must a PI who collected data but did not contribute to its final analysis be one of the authors in the paper?
After starting a PhD in Mathematics, I realized I am more interested in Statistics - can I transfer to a Statistics PhD?
My department is not concerned with publishing, is this a valid reason to move to a different one?
I discovered a mistake in my own published workshop paper, how do I handle errata?
How to decide what writing sample to include in a phd application?
Still waiting for comments on my draft - what to do?
What to do when you have obtained very similar results with two different groups and you want to publish them both
Postdoc position: should I stay for one year or two years?
Keys to a successful postdoc in mathematics
Are extended periods of unpaid leave compatible with an academic career?
How to get an advisor to finish their part of a publication when they have not done anything on it for over a year?
Must I decline to review a former colleague's work?
I believe my classmates plan to hand in a plagiarized project, how should I handle this?
What to do when paper is deemed in scope for the conference but not for the proceedings?
Is it appropriate to acknowledge StackExchange in my MSc thesis?
Postdoc without letter of recommendation
Preparing for Higher education/Self-teaching
Why are papers without code but with results accepted?
How can I signal that I don't intend to follow up the items in my "Future Work" section?
Why do admissions committees consider the Statement of Purpose to be important?
Reusing figures from other articles in one's thesis
I found out that I have plagiarism in my published journal papers, what should I do now?
Can we first claim and then find the evidence when we write the literature review (i.e., using confirmatory technique)?
Advice on: Quitting your PhD because you dislike the place and the associated project?
Writing an open-source software and publishing it, for the sake of getting cited
How long should it take to read a paper?
How is it common that universities provide assistantship positions for their graduate students?
Message board for finding private grants
Do I need to change my CV when a former school changes affiliations?
Transferring from MS to PhD Program
Paper is based completely on my thesis, but I'm mentioned in the acknowledgements only, not as a co-author, what should I do?
Referencing equations in/from appendix
Internal PhD thesis reviewer pulled out a month before the thesis due date: Is this allowed? What to do next?
Expelled from undergrad university for poor academic performance, can I go back there (years later) for Masters?
Applied to two MS programs, but one wants a decision before the other has made a decision
Can anyone provide insight on a Master's student struggling with research?
Ph.D or not Ph.D?
How to announce a new web-page?
Disadvantages to publishing outside field of projected study?
Accomplished researchers listed as editors of shady journal
Applying to graduate school in an unrelated field after a year working in unrelated job?
Am I allowed to use a figure drawn by co-author in another paper?
Can a PhD be crowdfunded?
Should I list talks I invited myself to give on my CV?
A manuscript I refereed gave me an idea for a paper, not sure how to proceed
Are there US universities that do not need GRE and TOEFL score for admission in PhD in Mathematics?
Who benefits from the anonymity of the peer review process?
How can I "time-stamp" my data without publishing it?
What are opportunities for academic math outside of academia itself?
How much time is usually left for authors to return page proofs? What happens if I am late?
Is it wrong to repeat yourself in the abstract, introduction and conclusions?
Applying to PhD programs; do I need to include transcripts from unrelated master's degree program?
Is a university that grants me a PhD for $1000 and a copy of my unpublished book fake?
Comparing a career in medicine vs. medical research?
Isn't the job prospect in theoretical/mathematical physics too bad to justify doing a PhD in it?
How to motivate students to complete low-point homework?
Which problems would a blind person have when applying for a professorship?
How to write a teaching statement without any classroom teaching experience?
Constructing a Mathematics CV - what am I trying to portray to a graduate school admissions committee?
Do I need to define all forms of cheating in the syllabus?
Maximum/reasonable number of authors for a (conference) paper
Second PhD vs PostDoc - Math vs Theoretical Physics
How should I ask for library services for literature review?
Indicating co-PI status on a paper
What is "call for nomination" for senior positions in university?
Is it acceptable to drink alcohol in front of senior staff during semi-official occasions?
Is tenure also meant for becoming an assistant professor?
GRE exams for those seeking a Masters in Computer Science
Getting a letter of recommendation from a new professor
3 - 4 years since I graduated, how should I time asking for recommendations?
Is there a tool for visualizing the geographic locations of research?
A question in the future research section - is it considered appropriate to write a paper on it?
Why do some papers not have a DOI?
Real co-first authors?
Tax write-off for research-related expenses in the US?
Etiquette/social norms for a grad student toward a faculty going on sabbatical
PhD thesis without acknowledgements
Can I take credit for contributions to study materials on my CV?
When do offer letters usually arrive?
Should I become a reviewer for Math Reviews after leaving academia?
How can a graduate student most efficiently become an expert at his research topic?
Why are the final copies of thesis dissertations often required to be double spaced?
Is it possible for reviewers to ignore papers?
How did authors prepare figures in their publications before the advent of computers?
How can author deal with late reviews?
Should the glossary in my dissertation be minimalist or comprehensive?
Should I repeat experiment affected by external factors until achieving consistent result
What software license allows me to have GPL for academic use and paid use by industry for my open-source project?
How to write a letter to an editor for pointing out needed corrections in my submitted journal manuscript
How does one go about doing a Ph.D. in Europe as an American?
Is it okay to send a paper to a journal as well as for conference
Suggesting an alternative to referee/reviewer recommendation
Grant from private company - conflict of interest
Are old (>35) faculty candidates discriminated against all over the world?
At the age of 27 is it worth shifting PhD. from strings to computer science?
Should I put job talks on my vita for positions I didn't get?
How do I encourage learning to an underprivileged group
Can I do research at the university without acceptance to the university
Got Ph.D Degree from India on the basis of Ph.D Comprehensive Exam + Ph.D Thesis now thinking of doing Course Work in another university
Is it ethical to approach a professor asking for a (unadvertised) postdoc position?
What is the minimum time one should spend in a post-doc?
transition from academia to industry
Are professors paid during sabbatical?
How to indicate when quotation marks are not used to quote someone in APA?
Are masters degrees treated equivalently in academia on both sides of the Atlantic?
Why do I have the "required reviews completed" status on my submission in Elsevier?
If you make changes to paper after initial conference submission, should you present updated version at conference?
How to stay active in research when my faculty job involves mostly teaching and administrative duties?
Unfinished math PhD
Approximate time frame to switch to different research area
Is research a viable business model?
Is it hard to get an article published in a journal as an undergraduate?
Does undergrad score matter very much when applying for a second Masters?
List of reputable open access journals
What should I do if I have an idea but can't work on it immediately?
IRB (Institutional review board) : Do journals ever check? Does anyone ever check?
I found another proof of my theorem. Can I present two different proofs in the paper?
Why do open access consortia affiliate themselves with questionable publishers
Should I include 'future work' in a paper, when I don't intend to do that future work?
How to turn down a Postdoc scholarship offer after signing a contract
Do IEEE transactions allow for any "co-first authors"?
Do evaluation / recruiting committees respect "co first authors"?
Academic affiliation on papers written while between jobs
Advice wanted concerning students who have had run ins with the law.
homework testing method for schools - how to encourage good practices and design and reduce reliance on proofreading?
What should I do if the first author wants me to write the whole paper?
Showing interest / Applying for Phd position that has just opened, before finishing Master studies
When to use inline versus displayed equations in a publication?
Are Masters degrees from German universities of applied sciences (Fachhochschulen) eligible for PhD?
How to correct plagiarism in my own Master's thesis, years later?
How much salary can I expect as a physics post doc in the Netherlands?
Is it reasonable to use full word and abbreviation in parenthesis in a chapter title?
advantages and disadvantages of white-box testing of students assignments?
How should bathroom breaks be handled during written exams to avoid cheating?
Why are external PhDs considered to take "decades"?
What are the important factors I must consider while applying to a CS program for an MS after majoring as a mechanical engineer in my undergrad?
Revamping Paper Authorship, *or* Should Papers Roll Credits
Thank you note after interview
How to preempt plagiarism accusations
Doubt regarding uploading Tables and Figures for the accepted manuscript
Is it problematic to use a Wikipedia article I wrote in my PhD thesis?
How do we properly include and cite a set of equations from another paper?
Paper rejection based on unfair review
Do schools/departments ever evaluate their own admissions process?
Abusing privacy
Including many pages of serialization code and generated source code in Master's thesis?
Is it possible to work full time in an industry position while on sabbatical?
How can I find out when an Editor intends to publish my paper?
Will you be expelled if you commit a crime as a student in the UK?
Is it safe to show my old advisor my new paper?
Does becoming good at scientific research force one to become one dimensional?
How do selection committees ensure that they won't steal an applicant's ideas as presented in his/her research statement?
Paper with lots of Greek letters
Is it ethical to accept small gifts from students?
Do journals hold rejections against authors?
Is it necessary to specialize on a topic when writing publications?
Is it right to ask for a PhD position at a conference?
Does engineering undergrad performance matter for masters in management admission?
What does it mean that a conference is sponsored by ACM or IEEE?
How should a reviewer provide comments to a journal's special issue in a field he is not familiar with?
Is it appropriate to put conference volunteering on a CV?
How do people who are not active in the academic community write papers? Is it possible?
I am about to be a senior in high school and I just have a question about doubling majors, minoring, and getting Phd's
Tips on dealing with difficult professors?
Is it plagiarism to closely mimic the structure of a table in a publication?
Is it easy to change your major after starting your PhD or masters, if it is necessary?
If I have dropped out of a Masters can I then go on to do a PhD?
If I upload a draft of my paper to arXiv, will I still be able to publish in an IEEE or ACM publication?
How to inform an adviser I am ceasing work with him?
Is it a good idea to get involved with journals as an associate editor prior to getting tenure?
Should I apply for a MA or a PHD(in mathematics) after undergraduate study?
How can I best edit a paper to help get it published?
How to make a paper anonymous for reviewers when it heavily extends on your own previous work?
Apply for PhD positions with only one (or no) reference (letter of recommendation)
Applying for Masters Degree with academic integrity violation on record
Encourage student to participate without him helping too much
Is it okay to digitize/modify figures "reproduced from reference" in a thesis?
Why shouldn't I take a risk to make my thesis have better design?
Using "my" in a publication
Adding co-author for a revised manuscript
PhD position interview: How specific should my idea of the topic be?
How are citations used to fairly compare researchers: fewer publications and fewer co-authors versus more publications with many co-authors
Applying to a second MSci/PhD with a PhD
Most efficient way of booking academic supervision appointments
Preparing for Quals in Math
Are there any proposals to make sharing code and data with publications a requirement?
Discussing time limits in the limitations section?
Re-using text from a grant proposal in a paper (or vice versa)
Good style for frequent references to some paper
Is it generally worth the time and effort to challenge incorrect exam test items?
When can asking a question during lecture be offensive?
My professor gave me a bad grade and wouldn't discuss it further, I think some prejudice may be involved. How should a student proceed?
What is a research student?
Leaving an Area of Specialization (AOS) off of my CV?
How to find out if an author is practicing pseudoscience or is fraudulent?
Is there any requirement to cite recent literature in publications?
Framework Analysis: Can framework analysis (Ritchie, Spencer & O'Connor) be applied to open-ended survey question responses?
I Plagiarised, what punishment can I expect?
Mathematics teaching position in the UK
Filling "Educational Status" in GRE subject test application form
I have career gap after bachelors degree and irrelevant work experience. How do I write SOP for MS admission in US?
Is it acceptable to use MS Equation 3.0 for a journal paper?
Do graduate schools have more courses & less of a student-teacher ratio than undergraduate?
University advocates for students facing academic misconduct charges
Is there prestige to be had by posting to arXiv?
Is a business card necessary for a graduate student?
Where to find journals or other publications for my work?
How to engage in discussion after a presentation on an unfamiliar topic?
What is the best way to go about doing research as an undergrad (pointed question inside)?
Can the word "subsubsection" be used in a thesis?
Should I send a "cease-and-desist" letter to ResearchGate?
Is there a proper format to cite open source software?
How does a dual degree (Computer Science/Maths) compare to a degree in a single area?
Credit with helping to write a PhD thesis
Comparing results if there have been no similar studies
Is a copied acknowledgements section considered plagiarism?
Is it okay to inquire about the status of a paper when the online submission system shows no update three months after submission?
Should I use the pronoun 'my' in the title of an appendix?
Should I pursue a research area even after finding that papers have already been written on it?
How/when to become independent in research as a graduate student?
How can I include figures with non-English text (and a translation) in the appendix of a research paper?
Which term is correct for a work submitted for a master's degree: paper, thesis or dissertation?
Can human subjects be paid using a researcher's personal funds?
How to decide which university to study for PhD
How to credit Creative Commons icons in a Bachelor's Thesis?
Should I use lighter or heavier paper for my printed dissertation?
How to present a review paper at a conference?
Should one put their Master's thesis online?
Why does a university not require me to send proof of high school degree?
What happens when a closed form solution to a research problem is not possible?
Should I put my not-yet-submitted work on my web page?
Cover letter for a publication
Career choice: another postdoc in a strong University, or Faculty in a weaker one?
Is it appropriate to ask colleagues opinions when reviewing a paper?
How should the title of a chapter or section be formatted when mentioned in the text?
Is it necessary that the the chapter introduction be made up of just one paragraph?
How long do editor decisions take at Science/Nature?
How should I handle titles of sources in foreign languages in APA?
To what extent should a professor give students freedom to do independent research?
Paper rejection due to being "correspondence": what does it mean?
Are automated online quizzes effective for formative feedback to students
How much research experience or publications are required to get into a good PhD program in USA
Does diversity in undergraduate research topics look bad on my graduate school application?
How should an undergrad pick a journal to submit to?
What does it mean if a professor does not answer your email in time?
How to get rid of annoying graduate student "supervisor"
How do I find a journal's type (e.g. SCI, EI)?
Is it best to avoid all interactions with disreputable or predatory conferences?
What to do when you discover computational errors and mistakes in your accepted paper at the proof stage?
Advisor's/University's rights in the PhD/MSc alumni's research projects and publications
Should a phd student try present a review paper in a conference?
Central Publication Repository
What do IEEE journal prefixes mean
On writing a review (i.e. summary) for a problematic (published) paper
Is it permitted to quote something with informal language, like an interview excerpt with 'haha', in a thesis?
What to write in an impressive about me section
Is it advisable to hand in a thesis by visiting my supervisor's house?
Is it considered cheating to ask a friend or tutor to proofread your thesis before submission?
Applying for undergraduate research - include transcript with bad 1st year GPA?
What is the typical flow chart for college mathematics courses?
How to stay motivated in a group with low motivation?
How to increase PhD funding chances when MA is in a different field?
Should chapter introduction and conclusion be included in the table of contents?
Should the table of contents of a thesis include beyond heading level 3?
What PHD program to choose if my bachelor degree is in Business and Master degree in Computer Science
How do I communicate my research with a general audience more effectively?
Academic home page with low maintenance burden
Can I use text from my dissertation in a manuscript?
Will graduating a semester early hurt applications to grad schools?
Does age matter to get a job/postdoc?
Is it common to put a quote from interviews in the epigraph page of a thesis as long as research ethics are not violated?
Advisor asking me to use my grant to cover his orders
How to quote or summarise text from a reference that includes citations in Harvard Style?
How can I find the first researcher who wrote about a specific subject
Undergrad seeking information about PhD/Masters in Economics math requirements
How should I take a potential PhD supervisor's age into account, when planning to follow PhD with habilitation?
Acknowledgement of submission to the Annals of Mathematics
Academic Hiring Process and Practices for Junior Professors in Germany
Why does the APA style call it 'the footnotes page' even though the notes are not placed at the bottom of pages?
Professor won't comment on research in his recommendation
Things to focus on in a model lesson
Do universities hire graduates from lesser universities
PhD in Europe without scholarship from non-European homeland
Returning to a different field in academia after industry
Must I reference resources for definitions I express with my own words?
Correspondence articles, do you put them in the CV?
Are there any journals or conferences that take into account the availability of the source code when selecting the papers to publish?
How can I export my Google Scholar Library as a BibTeX format?
What should I do if a coauthor, who has contributed the most among my coauthors, declined to be listed as a coauthor?
Proper way to format computer code included in a thesis/dissertation
What is the difference between a research paper and a student paper?
How to cite multiple sections of book using IEEE Citation Style
DOs and DON'Ts about asking PhD info to a Professor via email?
Improve software code when reviewing paper
Are there any undergraduate research programs available online?
Academia research vs. industry research (computer science)
Is it ethical for a professor to get masters students to work on open source modules related to the professor's profit-making company?
Should you cite somebody's Transfer Report? (Confirmation Report)
What do the Dutch academic titles "prof.dr.dr.h.c.ir." mean?
Is there a pre-print server for building physics papers?
How to get into research jobs after working in corporate technical jobs
Extended scientific abstract: should it include full results?
Is it appropriate for a prospective PhD student to contact phd students at a target school?
Overlapping sentences in methodology descriptions in separate journal articles - plagiarism?
After an unsuccessful first PhD position in experimental research, how can I get accepted to another program?
Writing a thesis: Is it a good practice to use personalized lists?
Is it acceptable that a teacher assistant encourage students to read his authored materials too?
Can post-doc inquiries be parallel?
What action to take when questions regarding a published paper are ignored by its author?
I want to do research but I'm too old for a PHD
How to verify academic history and degree?
Email to a professor after long time for recommendation
Is it common to include foreign terms in the title of a thesis?
How to address a doctoral candidate who is ABD (All but Dissertation)? Is "Dr" appropriate?
Convention for excerpting from the middle of a paragraph in another work?
What to wear for a PhD/ MSc thesis defense?
Is it a bad idea to express my personal feelings about the subject when writing email to a professor for PhD application?
Advisable to visit other labs?
What is considered a good GPA for studies in Germany
Is it a good idea to submit paper which is shorter than conference's page limit
How to address a knighted academic?
From which level of education, is it better to choose teacher assistants?
Can an online degree through an accredited institution affect admissions into masters programs abroad?
Should I provide an opinion on a graduate school candidate without being asked by the candidate?
Is acceptable for international conferences to use your own simulator in your paper?
Asked editor for review prolongation to do further experiments, can't meet deadline. What do?
What address to put in bibliography for Springer (and others)?
Citing references consistently
I have an accepted conference paper with a major error in it, should I ask for it to be changed?
Is it acceptable for me (an undergrad) to call professors and other research professionals by their first names?
How can I put myself in the best position to get a postdoc in a different field?
Leaving PhD program to apply for industry job - better to apply while still officially enrolled?
How would it look like from reviewers' point of view if one submits off-topic works for application to phd programs?
When is it proper to add someone to your research paper?
What does it indicate if a professor from other departments is included in applied math department?
To which department code should I send my TOEFL score?
University metalshop / makerlab - metric or imperial?
Will sitting for the IELTS Academic module void the validity of my previous General Training module score?
What to do when you discover a mistake in the archived copy of your PhD thesis?
Conventions regarding listing grant applications/funded grants on a scientific CV
Entering academia as a high school dropout
What might the editor do if my supervisor contacts a journal to claim authorship of a paper?
Is there added value in having your own presentation layout and using it consistently?
How to find size of academic literature in a given discipline?
In what countries is it possible to enter a life science PhD program directly after a Bachelor's?
Journal employees offering free publication in return for co-authorship and citations: is it a scam?
How to test (admitted) grad students before hiring them in your lab
No response to formal Chair application. Is this normal?
When does the co-authorship line end for a PI's data
How to transition from MBA in Finance to PhD in Financial Economics?
Where to draw the line when giving feedback?
How can I publish a lot of papers quickly and easily, so that I can qualify for a researcher visa?
Is it okay to ask a professor if he is going to attend a certain conference
Is Facebook a necessary tool for a student?
Personal project vs. blind peer review
Literature Review Confusion
What is facultyawards.org?
What to do when an advisor asks you to draft your recommendation?
Combined degree in the UK for a US Student
What does overhead rate mean?
Is it necessary to wear a white shirt inside the graduation gown for Masters degree graduation ceremony?
What to do after accidentally submitting to a "fake" conference?
How to deal with co-authors' tardiness?
Can someone really be assigned to review in the APS’s editorial system for over a month without reacting at all and if yes, why?
Acknowledging a single funding source: do I say "partially supported"?
Mendeley - add notes to research
Is GitHub adequate for purposes of giving a manuscript a timestamp to protect against plagiarism?
Teaching two different subjects?
What books, biographies, or survival guides are helpful for men in education in academia?
Is an X-Series Certificate from edx useful for graduate school?
I have noticed GPA calculation "bug" in our University, what should I do?
Is it more difficult to publish a paper that demands reviewers with knowledge from many different areas of mathematics?
How to find a university without min. GPA requirement for Master degree (any state/US)?
For a master-degree student, how influential a role do publications play in his phd applications?
Is it possible to get an assistant professor position that does not require doing research?
I wrote a thesis for my undergraduate degree - it was published but not in a journal. Is it still relevant to cite?
Asking for data as a student - ease the pain
Are reviewers chosen from among the editorial board of a journal?
My advisor wants to publish my final year project; what will this involve?
What does it mean by "Follow-up Masters"?
How to Cite With Inconsistent Use of Initials
How do tuition and credit accounting work in an independent study course?
Appropriate process for following up on university job posting
How to address a person in a letter?
Is there a difference between "forthcoming" and "in press"?
Will my accepted paper appear in conference proceeding without presentation?
when sharing source code to more than one party, should I notify them that others also were interested
Are there forum-like collaborative Q&A/Annotation tools out there?
Blind grading for exams isn't very blind
FizzBuzz for Academia, Questions to Gauge Research Understanding
References/resources on problems surrounding peer review in physics?
Question of under review -situation
Is it normal for a journal submission to show "awaiting assignment" for more than a month?
Is there an academia-specific convention for possessive nouns?
Publishing in the lower quartile journals: better than nothing?
Interpretation of "GRE subject test is required, but your application will be considered anyway"
Colleague erroneously got a grade that is too high
What is an effective way to copyright my teaching material?
Do people write research papers differently nowadays?
What to do if I can't find references about a listed project of my potential supervisor
What are my obligations towards my adviser after the defense, revisions, and all forms signing is done?
PhD four years ago; can I publish a paper from PhD work without my supervisor's name?
Where do research labs get their funding?
Where to publish helpful, but informal papers?
How to complain about a Ph.D student to a professor
Is being a volunteer useful for academic prospective
Is it possible to pursue PhD in different area than master's thesis?
Mechanical Engineering undergrad aspiring to publish
Leave out the last chapter as it anyway should be addressed in second edition?
Professor reviews proposal as a favor, should I send a reminder
How much would I have to publish to get an entry-level job?
Should I host my academic website under my institution domain or under a domain of my own ?
Should I include a DOI/website URL for a publication in dissertation bibliography?
Asking to see a manuscript in preparation
Publish at the Open University as an undergraduate
Benefit of Putnam exam
Can I request the code behind a research paper from the author?
What are the most important questions to your phd professor after the proposal stage
Is it okay to discuss multiple interests when writing statement of purpose for attending a conference?
Should a PhD student use his academic affiliation for his publications which are not related to his thesis?
How to find the ISI-indexed papers for a specific institution?
"Excellent foreign scholar" from Chinese National Science Foundation
Malfunctioning social media buttons on a conference website
How to come up with research questions that are well-defined and suitable in scope and relatedness for a thesis?
How to find credible sources for a general reference?
Plagiarism-checker to prevent self-plagiarism
Is there an optimum time to leave between writing and self-proofreading?
Disappointed about workshop, are all like that?
My paper's content is slightly changed from the abstract I have submitted to a conference, can I edit the accepted abstract on my poster?
How to correct a fundamental error in a series of papers made by a colleague of your adviser?
What to do in recitation?
How important is advisor's supervision for a Ph.D. student to be an independent researcher?
Is it ethical for a graduate student to provide juniors with paid graduate school application guidance?
How to "work on the essay" as a non-native speaker
How does a committee select received manuscripts for poster presentation?
New author, independent research, scope of publishing
Is there an affordable way for non-students to subscribe to multi-journals/archives?
Will an incomplete masters hurt my chances of admission in new graduate school.?
How to decide whether a mistake is sufficiently relevant to publish about it?
Will an industry funded PhD hurt one's research career?
Recruiting process time for assistant professor position in Japan?
How can/should I indicate that it's okay to use open access content in a paper?
Should references part of CV only include names of the people who wrote recommendation letter to where the CV is going to be sent?
Applying for masters again, will the application be evaluated on the basis of undergraduate/Bachelors or the most recent postgraduate grades
Writing CV's for a "summer school" course
What to put in a biography for a publication?
Should I inform other project's members about my work on an idea which they are not initially interested in
How to handle disagreement between collaborators on licensing academic code?
Is it OK to write recommendation letters for two students for the same institution and how to avoid the competition?
Who should the authors of a corrigendum be?
To choose which Masters program to attend, should I favor institution or specialization?
To become a professor of actuarial science, should I pursue graduate school immediately after B.S. or get some professional experience first?
Are TED presentations academically credible?
Do non-English papers/publications have value in a CV which is going to be sent to an English company/university?
What are the publisher's obligations when a research paper's term of copyright ends?
Have applied to, and been rejected from, a number of PhD positions; are they really so difficult to get?
Should all subsections of a paper start on a new page?
How to include advisor’s name onto research paper
Should I write a peer-review in third person?
Fellowships of smaller amount to support your main postdoctoral fellowship
Same literature survey in first and final reports, Is it ok?
Are there online resources for finding information on M.S. programs that fit my criteria, without having to go through every school's website?
Networking in a symposium as a "non-specialist"
Publishing at a venue without ACM/IEEE brand?
Is it acceptable to ask a professor who is not your supervisor to provide comments on your thesis draft?
Is it normal to have no publications after 2.5 years in a PhD program?
How to choose a topic for a PhD in organisational behaviour?
Exact results found, but not reported
Can I enroll in just the second year of a master's degree program in Germany?
Publishing a scientific article without being a student or a researcher
Is it appropriate to call a professor for a recommendation on the weekend?
When is it appropriate to add references to own papers on Wikipedia?
Cambridge Dress Code
Can someone change PhD supervisor without changing research direction?
Efficient ways to find the original paper which introduced a novel concept/algorithm?
How to obtain number of publications by year on a given subject?
Repeat dropper and failure at multiple colleges. Is a Master's ever possible?
Research Methodology Books for beginners in Computer Science research
How to demonstrate excellent undergraduate and graduate teaching capabilities in academic position applications?
Including own review article in Thesis?
Percentage of PhD's in mathematics with no publications
"Electronics and Communications Engineering" equivalent in the U.S.A
How are best reviewer awards given (in a computer science conference)?
Are there formal studies analyzing available test time versus performance?
Lectures and labs on the same day as an exam?
Can we get a PhD in mathematics without publishing?
Quitting PhD upon advisor's suggestion
Is it generally allowed to send a published paper to another conference but in a different format?
Is it possible to do a Master's in Mathematics after a Bachelor's in Economics?
What should I do if I submitted an article to a predatory journal?
How to react to a reviewer’s comment when he is completely right, but you do not like the consequences?
Where can I find results of various experiments and studies in fields such as medicine, biology, chemistry, psychology, and so on...?
How to make the most of a currently unfulfilling post-doc experience
Is there a list of countries (or universities) showing which prefer direct communication with referee?
Can I collect meta information on papers and put this online?
Ask how to pronounce advisor's last name?
How include contributions to a manuscript of a paper in CV
In which countries are academic salaries published?
What typesetters do with the submitted paper?
Where to get ACM references for MS Word?
How to reduce amount of language proofreading of my revised paper?
Is it possible for me to seek a Ph.D. position in the future?
Google Scholar and books
Has a doctoral degree any value outside of its main area?
How to run two Postdoctoral fellowships at the same time?
Is it possible to do a Masters dissertation at a different university?
How does copyright work on screen captures?
Thinking about switching to a Masters from a PhD, advisor wants a decision now
Should I accept an invitation to give a talk on dated work?
Can I ask for authorship/acknowledgement for writing small data analysis program for a large study?
Do advisors allow their postdocs to pursue projects outside the advisor's core interests?
What is a faculty mentor for a junior professor?
Review asks me to demonstrate "what is the new thing done"; what should I write?
What's a novel way to say "all errors are my own"?
Are there any tools for organising literature with tags?
Is it OK to contact authors of the research paper requesting an implementation?
What is the standard way to include introduction and references parts to a masters thesis?
Should I challenge the GRE requirement for a doctoral program in education (in the U.S.)?
What are the possible causes of a faculty position not being filled?
Do the authors need to ask for permission from institutes/companies for including their name in acknowledgement section of their publication?
How to tell my MS advisor I've changed my mind about doing a PhD with him?
Should I apply for PhD program this year after one semester of research experience, or wait another year?
How to ask for feedback from research students on my supervision abilities?
Are spelling and/or grammar mistakes a cause for submitting Errata?
Transitioning from languages to neuroscience/cognitive science for PhD, how to increase chances of success?
How do I stop feeling intimidated by my advisor?
As a PhD student in Germany, would I retain student status for tax purposes?
Teaching a very small class when the students have very uneven proficiency levels
Number formatting: use of digit separators in manuscripts
Should I do a dual Ph.D.?
When to update an Arxiv posting vs. creating a new post?
Best strategy to learn programing for graduate research data analysis in biology
IRB guidelines for secure online data storage, backup, and syncing?
What is the difference between SCI and SCIE?
How was higher education done before the university system?
Authorship issues in numerical mathematics
What should I do as a reader if a paper misrepresented earlier papers?
How can a professor who has signed The "Cost of Knowledge" pledge review papers without having to recant?
I made a huge technical mistake in an arXiv paper... How bad is it?
How to improve chances of graduate admission following major, long-term burnout?
How long does it typically take for editor's final decision after reviews are completed?
Is my adviser supposed to be assigning me my research?
Post tenure job search in the humantities: a waste of time?
CS paper rejected for lack of technical contribution; what does this mean, and how can I fix it?
What is life as "Head of Department ____" like?
How to do research in two very different fields?
To publish or not to publish a paper in an ERA "type C" conference?
Heard of Chamber of Chartered Java Professionals International?
How can I prove my self-studied knowledge?
How to respond to my name being included in acknowledgements of incorrect/misleading paper whose authors ignored my recommendations?
What is the value of journal publications outside academia?
Do Asian authors have a different style of academic writing from European authors?
Maximum number of citations per sentence?
Should I switch to PhD or graduate with a Master's?
Differences between cover letter and research plan?
Are there still journals who only publish their papers in the paper form?
Is it advisable to start graduate school with a dependent family?
How to prevent physical/psychological health side effects of workaholism in academia and research?
What are the flaws of working in a research center department led by young principal investigators?
Is it possible to obtain a Master's degree without Bachelor's degree?
How handicapped am I in graduate admissions if I graduated from a lower tier university?
Should I do a thesis, no thesis, or a capstone project in a master's in statistics?
How can I tell if an honor society is legitimate?
How to display your own name in publications list when you are a middle-author on a publication with a large number of authors?
Awesome papers that were initially rejected?
Rankings of Computer Science conferences and journals
Career options for an astronomer outside of academia?
Is the minimum GPA required for Graduate school a cut-off criteria or a general guideline?
Is there a reason to spread your research into multiple journals instead of just one?
Can posting to arXiv ruin your reputation?
Should I attend a conference even if I don't have a paper accepted there
How to deal with a student who harasses the (inexperienced) teacher during class?
How and when should I identify my specific research interests?
Is there any option to defer the admission if accepted at a grad school?
Low ranking university with fund VS Unsure opportunity at a higher ranking one
Is it okay to resend an email to a journal asking for the status of a submitted manuscript?
How can we find who owns an old book's copyright?
Can you get a tenure-track position in philosophy with a J.D.?
How to maintain a good relationship with advisor when there is no need for it but I want it?
Should I contact an editor at the journal that rejected my paper, to ask for feedback?
What makes a MSc in Computer Science difficult for someone who has no specific background but 10 years of experience as a programmer?
Can personal projects that required reading other's research make up for lack of my own?
What is the standard/recommended font to use in papers?
Asking for a site visit as a master's applicant
Citing a result due to a single author that appears in a paper with multiple authors
What is the purpose of peer evaluation of teaching?
Whether to use the author name with numeric references when describing a particular study
Is there a name for the inverse of the impostor syndrome?
Should I inform students that there are cheaper alternatives to the on-campus book store?
What are the ethics of getting help from online forums?
What do these mysterious numbers in the subject line of arXiv mailing list emails mean?
Are two undergraduate degrees better than one master degree?
How many references should be included in the bibliography of a Master thesis?
Techniques to "digest" large amounts of textual data (academic papers, books, etc)
Do student reviews of teachers matter?
What do instructors need to know to accommodate Muslim students?
Should I take undergraduate CS classes if all I do is applied software dev and data science?
Is being a good teacher a bad thing at a research intensive university?
How to reduce student plagiarism?
How to search for upcoming conferences that will be held in a specific subject
Do I have to submit transcripts from school I transferred out of for grad application?
Filling in gaps in lecturer's instruction
Present tense or past tense for presenting someone else's paper?
Necessity of MoU for researcher exchange or collaboration
Received offer to work for free, how to negotiate for a salary?
In a tenure-track position application; Is it appropriate to ask for recommendation letter from a professor for whom I only served as a TA?
What are the available non-academic careers to a newly-minted PhD in theoretical condensed matter physics?
Can a dean expel a doctoral student without a trial?
How reputable is the online journal scientific.net: Materials Science and Engineering
Protecting my project from theft by panel I am submitting it to
Is it OK to ask my host for an externally organized stay which hotel is being booked?
Why are (galley) proof requests given such a short deadline?
Are there any drawbacks in adding hyperlinks in PhD application email?
Is there any systematic approach to select/find a research topic?
Why do national laboratory presentations contain so much info per slide?
On a Conflict of Interest disclosure, what's the difference between 'ongoing' and 'current'?
Can one professor hold more than one endowed chair?
Studying Abroad - do they need my high school transcript/diploma?
Is there a comprehensive system for identifying course objectives?
Is it acceptable to heavily reference blogs, forums, and other informal media?
Are standard metrics of academic output skewed by the relative popularity of a field?
Explaining switch of research interests in Statement of Purpose
Chances of Acceptance after Institutional Action
Is it acceptable to round up my GPA on my resume?
Is PGCHE more valuable that PGCE?
Whether to use numbers or abbreviated names as a citation style?
What is the correct procedure to report typos or errors in journal articles?
How to make group work work?
Are comments considered publications
Sound reasons for excluding a reviewer
Is it okay to email the authors of a paper questions not directly for research?
Paper for software tool - Medical Domain
Old PI's coauthorship on a paper after finishing the postdoc, a preliminary idea developed then but rejected by him
How to reuse algorithms from previous paper
Can I reference the abstract?
When to use a table vs. a plot to present numeric information?
Inquiry for Ph.D admissions in European countries
Is it ethical/lawful to recolor/scale the logos?
Am I naive to think I can focus on professional programming and still be active in the field of CS as a whole?
What to do when you publish a paper that accidentally included a wrong or irrelevant citation?
How to become a whistleblower?
How to start a collaborative online research project?
What are the career prospects of doing a theoretical computer science PhD.?
Are concerns about studying in Russia reasonable?
How to refer to a method from a workshop in a conference paper?
What are financial prospects for a postdoc as compared to a PhD student without funding?
Children in the Classroom
How does the PhD experience differ for paying students?
Winter internship for Indian students (computational physics)
Criteria for choosing undergraduate school to prepare for graduate study: "focus on undergrads" & "extensive rigorous curriculum" mutually exclusive?
Is it difficult to get admission to a phd in stem cell biology in Europe?
Why only medicine lectures are closed to the public?
How to report on an academically required internship with a bad supervisor relationship
Salary of Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions Fellowships
Can I apply for a post-doc in theoretical physics without publications?
What is the purpose of "issues" and "volumes" in journal publications in relation to DOIs and citations?
What to do when you spot a paper on arXiv with the same essential material as yours?
Citing into the future on ArXiv – good or bad idea?
Is a PhD needed after an MD or DO if one wants to pursue a research career?
Does working while you are studying affect your GPA?
How do I know the impact factor of a certain journal is true?
How to confront advisor about the expectation that I will support another student's project for extended period of time?
If no revised date is mentioned in the paper, does this means the paper is directly accepted by the journal?
Is it OK to contact someone who is on my suggested reviewers list to discuss something unrelated?
How to contact a PI when I have been out of the system for a while?
What should I do when images in a publication appear to have been faked?
Would it be unethical to take a full time job and quit 8 months later if I get accepted for a PhD program?
How professional it is to ask for rebate in conference registration fees?
Speaking to experience in a statement of purpose for a PhD program.
As a postgrad student, is it appropriate not to add my supervisor's name on publication?
How can I cite interviews for radio and TV on CV?
Flair/Badge for arXiv paper?
Is it common to provide digital notes (slides or handwritten) for students?
Are review articles the result of original observations?
Why do graduate student contracts state "RAs shall work no more than 20 hours per week?"
Is developing a cheaper method ever considered to be originality in academic research?
Why does research cost so much money?
Should the editor's name be included in a rebuttal letter?
Which section to start with when writing a research paper
Is Scimago a good way to rank conference impact?
What is the equivalent of European "seminar" in US universities?
How to improve myself as a recitation (discussion,lab,tutorial) teacher?
How can I remain motivated while studying for comprehensive exams?
What should I do if I don't know the answer to a question posed by a student?
What is the proper etiquette for requesting speakers from industry for an academic seminar?
Is it commonplace for a recruiter to ask to see an unpublished PhD thesis?
Intellectual Property Assignment Agreements for Ph.D. students - What is normal?
To avoid legal battle, in bussiness world reference letters are written extremely terse. How do academics get away with this?
Splitting a relatively long paper into two shorter papers
How to respond to an editor's post-review comments suggesting major changes I'm not willing to make?
Should I publish my software independently or publish it along with a case study in higher journal?
Some advices regarding the first research paper
Is there any research on the prevalence of academic theft?
From whom do prospective grad students get recommendation letters?
How does the salary system for faculty in Canadian universities work?
Prof disagrees with assigned textbook regarding an exam question
Presenting Barely Complete Results
6-months internship has nothing to do with what was promised
How much time do professors have to do research on their own?
How to present a model which is based on the result not yet discussed?
Discussion with Professor before starting PhD
Do students need traditional books?
Is teaching a graduate course with 30 students an unreasonable expectation for a PhD student with a TA contract?
What incentives do professors have to increase the PhD completion rate in their department?
Possibility of doing PhD in astronomy with only masters in CS
My student told me his mother has cancer, what do I do?
In Chinese academia, what is the significance of the corresponding author, beyond 'public relation'?
Which journals or conferences have publication accessibility requirements?
How to publish under a Creative Commons license?
What should you do when your supervisor is ill?
How to engage interdisciplinary professors in forming an MS thesis committee and project?
Commission an animation to explain a scientific concept?
Improve learning skills
The Ethics of Preparing for a Course Long Before Actually Taking it
Getting into a topic one is barely familiar with?
How to quantify the loss in productivity due to time spent on writing proposals
What skills can I get during a PhD to be competitive on the job market against non-PhD holders?
How to mitigate bad grade in research on PhD application?
What is the etiquette for repeatedly emailing questions to an author whose work I'm building on?
Making a short summary before a set of paragraphs?
Why do some Universities give honorary degrees?
Is it advisable (or even possible) to get a second masters in a similar field from a higher-ranked instution?
Can I mention brand names and their products in my research/technical paper?
Using proprietary software to demonstrate work in conference
Mentioning placement offer in a curriculum vitae?
Is a PhD right for you if you hate doing research in your free time but love doing it as a job?
Is undergraduate low quality research paper publication considered of any significance during masters admissions?
What are the benefits of organizing a conference?
White paper justifying the publication of a survey paper
Do mathematics researchers regularly solve problems like the ones from Project Euler?
Should I post a response to reviewers online?
verbal agreement to convert masters to PhD but reconsidering
What makes a standout profile for applying to a top-ten ranked CS masters in the US?
How can I identify research opportunities I am qualified for, and position myself as a competitive candidate, in a different field from my degree?
Progression through Computer Science Path
What to do if I cannot complete my Masters dissertation tasks?
Explanation needed for university program titles (MScDiplomaCertificate)
Should I take the TOEFL exam if I have graduated from a high school in the U.S.?
Can a 3 years PhD make an independent researcher ? Or how many post-docs after PhD to be an independent researcher?
Recommendation Letter from a non-PhD referee
Convert from Egyptian % grading to German grading system
PhD outside of Germany after a Master's from a German Fachhochschule
How to know the full name of paper authors?
how do I get in to political science Masters/Phd in a decent university with bad grades but good work experience?
Why is salary inversion a problem?
Variation in drop dates, and effect on student outcomes
Should I call my adviser by her first name?
Journal publishing timetables
Public accountability for academic work
Will preparing for the mathematics GRE help me towards my goal of doing research in applied mathematics?
How to review a major revision of a paper?
Is it unusual to apply for a degree without finishing your current one?
Should I mention that I have a Bipolar disorder in my statement of purpose?
Practical strategies for increasing one's passion and excitement about research?
Is there a standard dictionary for referencing English words?
"Internal" license for group software?
Is it okay to let body text follow immediately after intermediate level headings?
I found out my master's thesis topic has already been done (exactly), and my advisor didn't mention this when suggesting it to me - how to proceed?
As a postdoc, should I expect my PhD adviser to fund my conference travel to present my PhD work?
Undergraduate research in mathematics
How do international PhD students typically obtain health insurance in the United States?
How to start writing my statement of purpose?
How to become committee member of a conference workshop?
Is a second bachelors degree worth it?
Second masters degree or PhD?
Link which explains how to format a letter to Nature
How difficult is it to get an academic position in applied mathematics when your PhD is in electrical engineering?
Is it OK to use the content of my own paper which is not yet submitted, in my other paper?
Is it possible to do a Postdoc without travelling?
How to assess the proportion of post docs in a lab that go on to become PIs?
Is it worthwhile to cite documentaries in personal statements?
Why does art history exist as a distinct discipline separate from the discipline of history?
where to find the year and conference of a scientific article?
How to cite the same source multiple times in a row IEEE
How best to present publications in different areas on a CV?
What should be emphasised in a statement of purpose when applying for STEM PhD programs in the United States?
Are Identical Make-up Exams Fair?
When is it wrong to look at previous exams?
A potential PhD supervisor declined to accept me as a student; can I ask a second time?
Must one state min/max values in addition to mean(+-std) when writing a publication?
Does translating an article for a magazine require permission from the author?
When should you not report plagiarism?
Referencing a board game rule book
How to prove that papers were presented when conference programs are not in English?
In a publications list, how to categorize paper from conference whose proceedings are published in a peer-reviewed journal?
Does filing a patent application require disclosure in the paper publication process?
How do I find the standing of a journal or conference for an academic CV?
Should repeated course grades be included in GPA calculations for reporting to institutions in the U.S.?
Should I cite all R packages I used?
Do we actually need more PhDs?
Can one give a conference talk on a topic already published in a journal?
When and why should you write numbers less than 10 in words?
Is it normal for an advisor to expect >80 hour workweeks from PhD students, and threaten them with dismissal?
How do I cite a mathematical definition replicated verbatim?
When is it prudent to argue against a suggested revision to a journal paper?
Is there a web service that receives a reference and returns the impact factor?
How do you tactfully inquire why a person wants your reprint?
How to register for GRE if you have multiple surnames?
Do research laboratories hire international students with a Bachelor's Degree?
If a journal publishing an article about a software tool requires the software to be freely available, must the article be open access?
Should I submit an expression of interest for another position although I still have 1.5 years left in my current contract?
Should I inform my thesis adviser about current situation
How long to wait for an optimal/good PhD thesis/program, should settle for less exciting topics?
Are postdoc salaries in the USA adjusted for cost of living?
How much time should one spend refereeing a paper?
Is it advisable to apply to more than one PhD program?
Will getting a PhD close doors for working as a software developer?
Student registration fee at conferences for ex-students for work done as a student
Confidentiality of thesis data: PhD with industrial partner
Meaning of "reading law"
Can participation in online academic competitions destroy patent rights?
Is it unwise to repeat portions of a successful grant proposal?
Which is considered more valuable for faculty job applications, teaching experience or participation in conferences?
To what extent may someone use the content of a published paper in an expository piece on that paper?
What salutation to use for someone with a PhD who is a Lecturer or Reader in the UK?
What are the repercussions of a "vote of no confidence" made by faculty?
What are some techniques to get some work done during the Christmas period?
How to handle students not returning borrowed equipment?
Literature for commercialisation of research
Should I list on my CV research assistantship positions under grants&awards?
Finding a field of interest for my PhD
Responding to a reviewer who misunderstood key concepts of a paper
How to ensure that putting a product's photo in a paper does not violate copyright?
Why do academics work only nine months of the year?
What do potential postdoc advisers seek in research statement letters?
Is it usual to use endowed chairs to support deans' administrative duties, rather than faculty's academic work?
How can I find out which digital libraries include a given journal?
Ill Recommender Gave Me Letter To Submit
Chair of my committee keep adding and changing ideas
How is it in my best interest not to submit a paper to two journals simultaneously?
What matters most for Grad school admissions ? Practical grades or Theory grades?
is it good for academic path if I publish too many papers in arxiv
How to determine compensation for developing new course for community college?
Applying for a PhD with two undergrad degrees in different subjects
Uneven skill set and customer service attitudes of University Support Services
How do CS graduate school admissions weigh an unrelated master?
How do you evaluate the potential for getting funding of post doc applicants?
Is it possible to restart a PhD due to issues with supervisor (and should I do it)?
Why is the prospect of external funding driving hiring?
How do you convince students that it's OK to teach them "how to think?"
Are there any negative consequences to an instructor attempting to achieve "all A's from everyone"?
How to document teaching experiences?
Why dissertation has no score in GPA in United States?
Pros and Cons of including less interesting results
Do academicians routinely face discrimination in industry job searches?
Is it appropriate to ask for letters of recommendation from professor on maternity leave?
Ask the author of paper about an idea
Is it appropriate to buy a "thank you" gift for a PhD supervisor?
Can I count on "future works" ideas in a paper to work?
Can journals share information about your submission?
How to transfer or delete a Google Scholar profile from my own account?
Why do academics write/publish book reviews for journals?
How to search for list of papers citing both papers A and B?
Are there any legal issues with publishing part of an unpublished thesis in a journal?
Made some great course slides, now what?
Who hires a visiting professor?
Is it a good idea to email to potential grad advisor with personal website email domain?
Emailing professor too early has any impact?
Arranging a visit to a professor you do not know yet
NSF postdoctoral fellowship eligibility requirements
Coverage of Web of Science
Which edition/version should I use for citations with page numbers
What, if any, roads are open to graduate schools for athletes with borderline grades?
Are there universities that consider it academic misconduct for students to publish material created by faculty?
How to change to Mathematics PhD program following M.S. in Computer Science?
How are international graduate applicants perceived by universities in the US?
How often should I review my notes?
Should I apply to tenure-track positions if I'm fairly certain I won't be staying?
Restoring self confidence - possible?
Is it appropriate for a TA to say "My Students"?
Is there a benefit to registering digital identification via both ORCID and ResearcherID?
Are there any researcher digital identification services or directories, similar to ORCID and ResearcherID?
What is the perception of doing a conference presentation at your own institution as opposed to another one?
Should sources of sample sentences be shown in (computational) linguistics research?
Overcoming depression and getting back on rails with PhD work
During a manuscript submission, what to fill in the oppose reviewers?
Is it possible to get admission to masters for theoretical physics with a bachelors in electronics engineering?
What to write in email to potential PhD advisor?
How to go about "record of teaching excellence" as part of an application for an academic position when you don't have teaching experience?
Finding non-REU funding for my undergrad math students
Applying for posdtoc positions: is it okay to send out many applications?
What's the role of colloquiums in academia?
Whose responsibility to detect plagiarism during peer review: editor or referee?
Is it wise to contact the editor of a journals with my concerns regarding the length of the acceptance process?
Will doing my CS PhD by distance learning make it harder to get a job as a professor?
Should I email a potential supervisor who agreed to support me?
Is it reasonable for a professor to ask students to stay 30-45 minutes past scheduled class time every week?
Why is a tenure defense talk necessary?
My new advisor didn't reply to my email, is it a sign that she doesn't care?
What productive academic work can you do with minimal attention in a small (<30 minutes) block of time?
What to do when haven't heard back from potential supervisor who is moving?
Is it appropriate to reply every time to a professor's "thank you" email?
How to respond to intentional lack of citation?
Name change during the course of PhD?
How to help a student researcher with narcolepsy continue research
Do manuscripts sent for submission in Word format need to be already in two column or a specific font?
Should I do an MBBS before/after taking a doctoral program in neuroscience?
What level would an assistant professor be hired at, if applying to associate professor position at another institution?
Is it ethical to apply to a scholarship sponsored by my employer?
Is someone with a masters in CS eligible to apply to a CS masters program in another country?
Which is preferable, to go to graduate school at same school as undergrad or to go to a lower-ranked school?
What is a reasonable percentage salary increase for tenure and promotion
On the verge of being "fired" from post-doc position, how to act towards supervisor?
Is it appropriate to ask a professor how I may be able to improve my letter of recommendation?
Can one publish ideas well before one has evidence proving the ideas work?
How would a Coursera specialization be regarded in graduate admissions?
Should one avoid erudite vocabulary in statement of purpose?
Does a bad grade in one course (with otherwise OK record) affect graduate admissions?
Too old for school?
What position should a young researcher moving to a UK university apply for?
Teaching timetable conflict
Is it possible to have a PhD advisor from another university?
What is the purpose of dissertation embargo periods?
Is there a unified platform that lists conference/journal deadlines?
In universities, what are the advantages of having a second department affiliation?
Is it necessary to add mentions such as "Any opinion expressed in the paper does not necessarily reflect the view of the funder"?
Is there a service that can store and mail official transcripts from any school?
Is "read the syllabus" a sufficient transfer of responsibility?
Copyright for creating a video that is a chapter-by-chapter Analysis of a Technical Book?
Why would a security agency distribute research funds?
Do you need to read a whole article before citing it?
How to grade students' lab worksheets to prepare them for a final lab exam?
What can you do to supplement low grades for admission into masters programs that don't use GRE or GMAT?
Should a research statement for a faculty job have references in it?
Asking for a recommendation from a professor who I did bad in his courses
Why do many instructors avoid giving personal introductions?
Should I be stressed about asking for an Academic Reference?
Should I put my résumé on LinkedIn when applying for a PhD?
What is the etiquette for asking a professor I don't know to suggest universities for me?
Are faculty job applications evaluated on a computer or on a paper?
What to do about students who ask for help too often?
What is the reference manager that can show the list of annotations?
Has the DeWitt Clause, which prevents researchers for publishing DB benchmarks explicitly using a DBMS name, ever been successfully defended in court?
Corporate branding of chair professorship
How should one interpret a rejection on the grounds that a paper "has no added value to the existing state of the art"?
Is there any paper submission deadline timezone convention?
Is it ethical for an instructor to "hack" my system as part of the evaluation for my thesis defense?
Job Market in Human-Computer Interaction (HCI)
How long should it take a potential PhD supervisor to evaluate proposal?
In a research statement for PhD admissions, should I start with the context, or directly with the idea for my research?
Are page references required when citing the same quote multiple times?
In mathematics in the USA, is it appropriate for your teaching letter of recommendation to be from a previous university?
How to structure a presentation for a Post Doctoral Research Fellowship
What to write in CV when transferring between schools?
Finding good statistics for computer science matriculation (drop-out) rate
Would tenured professors who are charged with a crime generally be fired?
At the beginning of PhD research, how to balance independence with satisfying my advisor's expectations?
Can an international student gain admission to medical school in the USA?
Can international students study via distance without applying for a visa?
When/whether to do pre-submission inquiry at high impact journals
Effect of passing management courses on research career
How familiar should you be with a topic before assigning it as a thesis to an undergraduate?
How to develop experiment to justify construction of a prototype system?
Do I need to wait for a journal to "consent" to paper withdrawal before submitting elsewhere?
Improving chances of selection into a course at university
How to find book titles in other languages?
What is the appropriate length and specificity for a teaching statement?
How to complete homework more efficiently?
Am I likely to be perceived as less successful if I start as an assistant professor at age 40?
One of the multiple submitted paper is published and others are withdrawn
Why would a tenure-track job posting ask for an undergraduate transcript?
How to approach someone who has stopped replying?
How to find someone online to collaborate on a joint paper?
Should citations be as detailed as possible?
How to deal with an advisor who wants a "friendlier" relationship with me than I do?
How to find out the terms used for a topic, so that I can find the appropriate literature on it?
As a reviewer, what steps can I take after paper is published despite major scientific and ethical concerns, with no explanation from editor?
How best to organize a review paper that includes some of my own data?
Found an error in a paper that I already presented at a student engineering conference; what should I do now?
Found an error in a paper I presented at a student engineering conference. Should/can I talk about it in my MS applications?
How do I get editing help for technical (mathematic/statistic) paper publishing?
Walk up and talk to random people at academic conferences - is that appropriate?
How do you choose a textbook for a new class
Are there tools to implement an institutional open access policy?
What is the benefit of writing lecture notes for an introductory course vs using a textbook?
What physical contact, if any, is acceptable between a supervisor and a student?
What is an effective means to educate non-academic colleagues of the importance and time needed for Adjunct Lecturing research?
Word limit for paper after addressing reviewer's comments
When does a statistical consultant become a co-author or collaborator?
Is ProQuest a reputable company?
Must I credit others' published research when using it in a proprietary product, if doing so would be bad for business?
Is the knowledge gained from a masters conversion course suitable for pursuing a PhD?
How can I tailor my faculty application to maximize my chances at a liberal arts college?
What limits the number of PhD students in universities with and without PhD tution fee?
Can a department disallow a student-advisor pairing in order to distribute PhD students evenly among faculty?
When can a person be called a PhD ABD?
Why do principal investigators not hire grant writers?
What must one do if the time at which a conference talk was to be presented is assigned to someone else?
How should I describe my country's volatile situation in a letter for a scholarship application?
Is it unusual for a collaborator to ask for funding for a very short project?
Is a Double Degree equivalent to 2 single degrees?
How to decide if an advisor should be considered as a co-author of a paper or not?
What is a reasonable rate to charge for editing someone else's thesis?
Reusing material from thesis proposal in final thesis
Graduate studies (phD & Masters) after a double degree
Are PhD students enrolled or hired?
How is a PhD project budget set?
help needed for contacting a supervisor for PhD
How does Erasmus programme work?
How to best start offering consulting services as a Ph.D. student?
Is an automatic copyright transfer clause in publisher's instructions to authors typically enforced/enforceable?
How do graduate schools evaluate GPA?
Is it popular to request TA presence in the classroom for all lectures & is it right?
How would a collective recommendation letter from co-workers be perceived for admissions to MFA requiring work experience?
Statement of purpose: One-for-all or one-to-one?
Is it possible for a conference not to be published?
Same data, new method, same outcome – can I publish it?
Is it possible to download magazines as single PDF in IEEE Xplore with an institutional subscription?
Are there any good strategies for conveying the true significance of the results that look obvious post factum?
Are there tools to prevent students from cheating on a programming exam administered on computers?
Do publications in machine learning help for admissions into a statistics PhD program?
How much do letters of recommendation help in a statistics PhD program application?
How to judge the reputation of a potential advisor or research group for good quality research for PhD?
Can I take a year off during a masters program?
Should you mention your ranking in specific courses in statement of purpose?
Are informal inquiries about postdoctoral positions liable to be perceived negatively?
Is it ok for one of your letters of recommendation to come from someone in the department/program to which you are applying?
Is it plagiarism for my thesis advisor to publish a paper using content from my thesis without citation?
How does the PhD thesis examination result impact academic job success?
Is there a way to get the complete proceedings for an ACM conference?
What are the masters funded opportunities for a British citizen living abroad?
Is it a good idea to connect data points on a plot to increase readability in slides?
Is it bad to ask the editor about the status of a submission on seeing that referees' reports were submitted a week ago?
What should be included in a support letter?
PhD and poor academic record
Why are recommendation letters crucial for scholarships or graduate admissions?
What should I do if I've enrolled in a badly organized course?
Do any scientific publishers have a stated commitment to authors regarding copyright infringement?
Who pays for TAs?
Research plan without a specific goal?
PhD in GIS after Bachelor Degree in Computer Science
Is it unethical to interview at a more prestigious program while currently enrolled in a PhD somewhere else?
Can I ask a lecturer for letter of recommendation
What is the difference between volume editors and series editors?
Does significant editing of a paper with the possibility of minor contributions to its scientific content warrant co-authorship?
When do you italicize the name of a book, article or website in APA style citations and references?
Can I research and publish in my Masters field when my PhD is in an unrelated field?
Are there general guidelines for order of front and back matter sections in a thesis?
When applying to graduate school, is it a good idea to email professors to express interest in joining their research labs?
How do I get a citation dataset with full text articles in PDF format?
How do you respectfully give a teacher feedback about their teaching?
What does Jesuit University really mean in the job description?
How will expulsion for physical abuse and sexual misconduct affect a student's future educational career?
How to discuss job search with your advisor when your career plans differ from what your advisor wants you to do?
How to get free programmatic access to citations counts for a given paper?
Can a successful grant application be considered a publication in academia?
Find information about research grant calls from around the world
A level as entry requirement to PGCE program
publishing a conference paper in a journal
Is it appropriate/safe to ask for help on major theorem proof of my paper online?
What are dissertation hours in the scope of degree requirements for PhD?
Is there a non-scientific related activity for students in a conference?
Trauma affected my grades while in undergrad, how will it affect me getting into graduate school?
Sending a *digitally signed* email to prospective employer/supervisor
How much can/should quotes from student evaluations be edited when preparing a teaching statement?
Can Design & Implementation sections be combined in a project report?
Am I allowed to republish / distribute abstracts?
What metrics do universities use to evaluate their performance?
How to remove gender bias from an academic job search?
Reference for use of name@math.univ.edu for mathematics department email addresses?
Are professors at a public university in the U.S. considered to be "employed by the U.S. government"?
How to deal with an academic 'stalker'?
What is a Pro-Chancellor?
What are the duties of the Chancellor
Is there any general consensus that either Elsevier or Springer is viewed as more prestigious for publishing in engineering?
What does it mean if a professor asks you to draft his reference letter for you?
Publication statistics per research company
How should a teacher approach a student with distractingly strong perfume?
Is there a list of research funding agencies worldwide, ordered by money spent?
Will US graduate schools accept me retaking a GRE subject test in the spring?
Is there any way to pressure textbook publishers to reduce price?
Does deferring admissions to PhD affect future (post-PhD) career path?
Releasing all lecture materials at once vs. releasing materials lecture by lecture
Advice for teaching older "non-traditional" undergraduate students
How many papers should I be reviewing as a referee?
Do I need to keep my high school transcripts?
Applying to grad school for mathematics with low GPA, but reluctant to bring up the health issues that caused it
Are there general guidelines for including code in a research paper?
What is the gender distribution of those who perform potentially hazardous scientific experiments?
Is it considered unethical/bad etiquette to contact another potential PhD supervisor while waiting for a response from my first choice?
Is paper reviewing for journals that are not JCR-listed worth the time?
Are there any restrictions on applying to the same graduate school in two consecutive years?
How to increase the reach of my bachelor thesis with little effort?
How to find the most relevant publications in field/topic
What can I do, as a student who dislikes attending class in a program where attendance is compulsory?
How can I migrate a library from Calibre to Zotero?
Should I leave my current PhD if I don't like the research problems my advisor suggests?
Advisor says I shouldn't expect to finish thesis soon, but won't offer specific feedback on what is missing; how to react?
Can I submit my mark sheets as academic transcripts?
Personal research journal/notes - an electronic solution?
What is the optimal balance of time spent on research vs. volunteering/leadership/organizing in grad school and beyond?
Reference on availability of source code used in computer science research articles?
How do I modify the title of a paper I submitted to ArXiv?
Is there any problem with giving lots of extra credit?
How to know when you should change what is taught during a lab classes
Why did my advisor criticize my work for the first time at my Master's Thesis defense?
Could publishing a book on a subject prior to a PhD reflect negatively on me later if it has errors?
Is there any website for announcements of journal's special issues?
Change my last name in my publications. Is it possible?
Possibility of translating document when original copyright holder no longer exists?
software to organize (1) research questions (2) secondary literature (3) own notes
When a research statement of a fixed page length is required, are references counted in the page length?
How to prepare for a math exam in a course without homework or tests?
Is volunteer lab work a good practice?
How to apply with past postdoc or PhD positions which did not result in publications or recommendation letters due to conflict with supervisor?
How to organize a good "special session" at a conference?
Is it possible to use one thesis for two degrees?
How to treat an under-performing coauthor?
When reviewing a resubmission, can I request a version with changes highlighted if the journal does not require it?
Best way to politely remove someone from paper authorship who planned to contribute but did not?
Pedagogical pros and cons of requiring undergraduate students to follow open/reproducible research practices?
Can you cite other master's theses when writing your own?
How to explain a life as a researcher to friends, family and partners who aren't?
What to do with a result too small to be publishable, but interesting nonetheless?
Am I allowed to write an essay about a scientific theory without violating the copyright?
How to address a mistake in an old paper in a very prestigious scientific journal?
Writing articles based on the "Least Publishable Unit"
Very odd interview/hiring timeline for physical science field
Reference on the time it takes for a source code used for a research article to be released
Placement of period in sentence that ends with "et al." followed by reference number?
Is it appropriate to ask a professor via e-mail for a letter of recommendation?
Is there a polite way to rescind a request for recommendation letter?
Does APA style have a simplified short-paper format?
How to overcome a much earlier academic dismissal from undergraduate program in graduate admissions?
What background is necessary to do research in computational linguistics?
Not waiving the right to see letter of recommendation
How to get authoritative bibliographic information about journals
Why are tuition fees for PhD students so high in the USA, despite not taking any class?
A note vs a "research paper"
Should I anglicise foreign names of people/places/organizations in my research?
Is the development of an original/novel method a contribution to knowledge worthy of a PhD?
How should a student with no research background write a research proposal?
For an industry-sponsored project, should one apply for IRB approval before or after accepting the funding?
How should I cite a conjecture to which no written record can be found?
How to find scientists that cited several of my papers?
Is it OK to exclude 'extra courses' from the GPA reported in my CV?
Are both GRE and TOEFL a must for a PhD program in the US? Or only TOEFL will suffice?
Is it acceptable to only use refererences from other universities?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of fitting one's problem within an advisor's research?
Pedagogical reasons for closed-book exams in graduate-level courses?
Can a US university force a foreign student to obtain health insurance from a specific provider?
Reference on abuse of stimulant medications among professors to enhance academic performance?
In teaching, what are the advantages of using slides over doing board work?
What should I state for "expected salary" in a tenure-track job application?
What is the actual difference between Graduate and Undergraduate texts?
Can a PhD student transfer to another graduate school after advancing to candidacy?
If enrolled in Ms-PhD, do I have flexibility not to progress beyond MS?
If co-instructors gave different syllabi with different grading schemes, is this generally considered a valid reason to challenge grade?
How to cite simple definitions when writing university papers?
Which is the better scheme for a poster: “tell a story” or “important first”?
Poster - should I send the file to all my collaborators?
Should I mention my co-authors while tweeting about our publications?
Is it self-plagiarism to reuse some parts of my published thesis in my new journal paper?
Who is earning money when users buy access to a research article?
How to promote research commercialization?
What must a researcher know or understand about another researcher to ensure successful research collaboration?
What is the average teaching load for tenure faculty in mathematics?
How to contact author whose work I built off of?
How To Volunteer Research Assistant?
Why are grant indirect costs so high?
Error on FastLane (NSF) letter of Reference System for the NSFPF
As a teaching-assistant, how can I avoid repetitive teaching?
Should I publish this?
What should have capital cases in the title of works in the bibliography?
What is the difference between part-time and full-time study in postgraduate courses?
Should a mid-career faculty application include a letter from the former PhD advisor?
How to politely reject a professor's request for work that I was recommended for?
Should I stay an extra semester to complete a second minor?
How to make a paper's author willing to help me with his source code like a semi-supervisor?
Is having two MS degrees in the same subject, from different depts, useful?
Should I withdraw my other PhD applications when I have a secured funding and a supervisor but I am waiting for the faculty decision?
Does it matter from whom we receive a letter of recommendation?
Is it a good idea to submit a recommendation letter from a friend who is doing PhD at the university I am going to apply?
How can we check if a book is a sequel edition of an older one with different names?
What to say in PhD application when potential advisor is moving to another university?
What is the industry equivalent of a post doc?
Putting verbal offer of PHD position on resume
Helping spouse adjust when relocating for an academic position?
How would I cite multiple authors from an online forum?
Do GRE verbal scores matter for graduate admissions in mathematics?
Can work experience overcome bad undergrad grades for admissions to masters programs in Germany?
Choosing PhD advisor in a field different from your undergrad research?
Can I study and obtain two PhDs in different subjects simultaneously?
Why would a senior PI need to take a part-time job at another university?
Who should be listed as authors on extended abstract of thesis?
What are the requirements for admissions to a masters degree in computer science in Canada for an international student?
Are there situations where taking an honorarium for trying a textbook on a class is acceptable behavior?
How do some Ws on transcripts affect PhD admissions in mathematics?
Is it worth self-funding a PhD to attend a top 10 university?
How do you find interdisciplinary collaborators for your research?
Can images with a "noncommercial use only" licence be used in teaching and academic presentations?
What is (S’73-M’76-SM’81-F’87) in author biography?
How to respond after co-authors revise rejected paper without informing first author?
Correction of Diploma Having Two Types of Honors
How to answer the question "Why do you deserve a scholarship?" when applying for a scholarship?
Should we put the references in slides/poster when we already have them in paper?
Should Figures and Tables follow a certain order or be at a specific location in a document?
Making additional changes to manuscript after the refereeing process is completed
Is it okay to directly address your reader when writing a scientific paper?
How to address graduate school recommendation letter?
Should I list my papers which are published in less known journals in my CV?
Should I contact the journal after "with editor" for two months?
Can one of your letters of recommendation come from a professor in a department unrelated to your field of study?
If a professor is not offering funding to a PhD applicant, does it mean that he doesn't really want to be his advisor?
How can I thank a senior faculty who's written me a good reference which helped me land a desirable job?
How much experience should a teaching letter writer have with my teaching?
Can non-teaching staff write teaching recommendation letters for academic jobs?
Is it advisable to submit multiple teaching letters for tenure-track teaching-focused jobs?
Is it worthwhile to find a teaching letter writer who can also speak to research abilities?
My first authorship is being turned into co-first authorship, what can I do?
How to respond to the trivialisation of one’s work and unjustified demands for a considerable extension of the research?
What are the standard workloads for mathematics TAs at state and private universities in the US?
Is it advisable to continue with a research project if I'm not learning much from it?
Are replies from editors automatically generated?
Is mentioning submission rejections in SOP wise?
For writing samples, is it necessary to provide an English translation of a conference paper written and presented in my native language?
Is it worth registering for an innovations in medicine conference, being a CE student?
Why is manuscript review in mathematics taking so long (over 8 months)?
Do grades obtained after applying to a graduate school matter?
Can frequent messages to an editor about the status of a paper under review be a cause for rejection?
Should conference papers be counted as publications?
What do I do if a professor at a foreign university doesn't respond to my emails?
What type of workplace accommodations are departments required to make for a mentally unhealthy faculty member?
Are postdoctoral scholars considered students or researchers in other countries?
How to gain admissions to graduate school with postgrad diploma, but no degree?
Should I apply again to the same research group where I used to work and haven't got any PhD offer from the professor?
Do tenured professors work less or more than non-trenured professors?
Will a recommendation letter such as that written for John F. Nash be convincing?
Can I have a PhD in mathematics or physics after having a bachelor degree in medicine?
finalising a postdoc employment contract
Can I get a job while still applying for a scholarship for PhD studies?
How to find out whether a PhD dissertation is ready to submit?
Publication grade concept drawings
Changing graduate schools after a semester
How to learn commenting on graphs and tables the right way?
What do I need to include in a tenure-track assistant professor job application cover letter?
How do Professors feel about writing recommendation letter?
Are academics more tolerant of biological and philosophical differences?
Apply for assistant/associate professor at same institution as postdoc?
Can I get a Master's in Economics with a Bachelor's in Mathematics?
Should I write "we" or "I" in my research statement?
Can I understand the rejection reason of an article by reading the reviewers' comments?
How to allow survey participants to contact me without breaching anonymity?
What is the acceptable similarity in a mathematics PhD dissertation when checking by Turnitin?
Is there an easy/good way for professors to connect with corporate consulting projects?
How should I choose the name of my past degree in application when the options do not not exactly match my degree?
What would be the potential consequences of offering to fund your own graduate degree?
Arxiv equivalent for medical research article
How to cite when true publication date differs from journal's claimed year?
Who to ask for letters of recommendation when changing fields after PhD?
Does a PhD application decision letter give the reasons for the decision? Why or why not?
Is teaching experience of any value in a National Laboratory job?
Does a few years work in-between study hurt Physics PhD application to a top 20 US school?
Is it legal and ethical to post my notes of a conference I am attending on my website?
Is a second PhD ever necessary?
What is the best way to appeal an unfair qualifier exam decision?
Paper in high impact journal duplicates work done a decade prior, how should I respond?
How to deal with students who lose their digital work?
Can I use my own paper for own thesis?
Am I able to change my GPA once I submit a graduate school application?
Which GPA (cumulative or major) is more important for graduate admissions in the US?
How to select which conferences I should attend?
How is undergraduate Indian percentage converted to US 4.0 GPA by graduate schools?
What to do about top students making other students lose confidence?
Why have lectures in the information age?
What to do when an advisor takes credit for a grant proposal?
How to respond to a two very different referee reports?
Do I need to attach the letter of acceptance of an accepted paper along with the paper itself to my CV for applications to phd programs?
Is it difficult to get into graduate school for applied math with a computer science degree?
Can being free of publication charge be an indication of being a non-predatory journal?
What does it mean to be offered waived-fee OA publishing?
Is it wise to use the paper reference numbers defined in CV in statement of purpose?
Does it look bad to have more letters of recommendation from undergrad than masters professors in PhD admissions?
Research on practices in addressing faculty bullying/harassment in academia
Should I avoid using footnotes in a statement of purpose?
How much of humor in a formal academic writing is considered as disrespect?
What tone to use when talking about oneself in statement of purpose?
What is the etiquette for using empty desks in a communal grad student office?
To what extent does the location of a conference impact the number of submissions?
Is it unprofessional to use graphics from Wikipedia in a poster?
How long it takes for GRE score to be delivered to graduate school?
Should I add the "presenter certificate" to the paper presented at a conference?
Does a letter of recommendation from a postdoc who's been my instructor carry much weight?
Does doing an undergraduate semester exchange abroad improve chances of getting into top universities?
How important is the GRE for top engineering schools in the US?
Is it possible to get into a top-10 engineering graduate program without publications?
Is rejection the default decision for international applicants to PhD programs in the US?
Is there any value in self-publishing a book as an academic?
Is it right to ignore publications coming from non-top publishers?
How do you deal with extremely timid/shy students in small classes?
Transitioning from pure research to a teaching position
Reference for annual journal subscription costs paid per university?
Does taking graduate course as an undergraduate increase chances of getting into graduate school?
Could a Masters degree actually make someone a less employable candidate?
Transitioning to a more prestigious school for Masters degree
Copying the format of a past journal article as a model
Who owns the intellectual property for work you do on weekends?
How should I deal with my groupmate's unprofessional behavior as a TA?
Is it wise to do teaching-assistantship in a university I am not studying in?
Capitalization of "Subsection"
How to email current students in graduate programs you're considering?
How can I show my potential in my mail to the professors?
How can I fix previous name misspelling in publications and how should I avoid them in future?
How can I publish my thesis?
Is it ethical for authors to reference another paper, but not cite it formally, because they consider it unscientific?
Is there any online tool where students can register for tasks/assignments?
My paper was withdrawn from predatory journal after publication, what should I do?
Is "On XXX of YYY" a good thesis title?
If you have broad interests, should you describe a narrow research topic in statement of purpose anyways?
Putting link of full text of paper in Google Scholar
what is the best strategy to deal with a situation where a student asks all of homework problems on an online forum
collaboration with a professor from other school
Is there any software to regularize British vs. American spelling in a text?
Resume writing guideline for applying a PhD position
How to cite a paper when I don't know where was published?
What are the potential pitfalls of having a PhD in machine learning particularly?
Impact of the visit weekend weather on the admitted graduates' grad school decision in the US
Consequences for foreign students of being dropped from a class?
Which among an LoR for startup work and a "good student" LoR, will be more effective?
What can be an exceptional record of teaching?
How to express dissension as a grad TA while maintaining professionalism
Should I list conferences I attended on my CV?
In what situations would it be appropriate to include one's photograph in a CV?
Listing talks given at home institution on CV
What hours do researchers work in the Unites States?
What can cause the date of submission status to change without a change of status "under review" for Elsevier editorial systems?
Asking a Professor for a review of a university application research supplement
Apply for a cluster for scientific computing from a developing country for academic use?
What is the best way to learn without thinking ahead?
Charisma vs. credentials in academic hiring
Awarding additional points to prevent too many students from failing course
Is there a Post-doctorate Equivalent for an ABD (All-But-Dissertation) status?
Access to student records/grades
How does the author's native language impact the likelihood of having his publication accepted in an English-speaking venue?
Should a speaker attend a conference where he/she is required to pay their own registration fee?
Crippling anxiety when writing grant applications
Professor will not write a letter of recommendation because I have restricted access to my records under FERPA, is this legitimate?
Team work at Masters level
Would adding anecdotes in statement of purpose be necessary?
How to get the best of the last half of a PhD?
When should one start looking for a postdoc?
Does adding "All rights reserved" have no legal usefulness?
Honor Listed in undergrad. Should it go on the CV for grad applications ?
What documents need to be shredded?
Is my plan for sticking with my incompetent advisor reasonable?
In a conference, when will the decision of best paper (or other award) be made?
Is it ethical to ask a graduate student to help me with my paid external research?
Has any research been done into the marks awarded by markers using different strategies for exams with multiple questions?
Importance of grades as a graduate student in math
How to work in a group where the group members need to be taught everything?
Letter of recommendation from professor who is not longer at your university
How to know whether my PhD advisor knows the area of research?
What GPA is considered as Competitive for top five schools in Engineering in US
Why do some journals prefer MS Word?
Is there a standard for capitalization in references of math papers?
Font size of text within image/graph for MS Thesis
Is there a problem with citing an article that cites a retracted article?
Is there any difference between an article and a paper?
How to tell supervisor too many lengthy meetings are hurting your productivity?
Why should I format a citation manually without bibliographic software?
What reasonable steps can I take to report misbehavior by publishers to the wider research community?
Does a supervisor have right to submit paper without consents of coauthor students?
Can a rejection be appealed after reviewer says comments were addressed, but paper is not original enough for the journal?
Is it a good idea to escalate if my masters advisor is incompetent?
What is a non-tenure-track assistant professor position in the USA and is it harmful?
Should I include a selection as an alternate in national competition awards on CV?
What should I do when my supervisor wants to delay my graduation?
How much emphasis should be put on programming ability in a letter of recommendation for CS graduate studies?
Is it usual for a PhD thesis to have two distinct subjects?
What is the difference between "interpreting" and "reporting" research in a scientific publication?
Pose lots of unanswered questions in a PhD thesis chapter?
Is it very difficult for international applicants to get a Visiting Assistant Professor position in the US?
I attended an Olympiad for student and failed. How should I write this down on my CV?
Is Visa required to obtain a very short term research grant (15 days) from a US University?
Should I list GRE scores on my CV?
How to make leaving a PhD program seem like a positive thing on a resume
Writing a recommendation letter as an employer for a student applying to programs in a different field
What to do if a co-author is delaying announcement of results?
When is a good time to go visiting potential post-doc opportunities?
How to detail conference presentation of my work that was given by someone else on CV?
What to do when on-line instructor is ignoring questions?
If I get an HND then a BSc, can I then go and specialise in any area for my Masters?
How can I write a paper that will convince the reviewers that the results are non-trivial?
When do you ask a professor if a visitor can sit in on class?
Grades in masters before PhD
What should you do when your supervisor suffers from Dunning Kruger effect?
How should I approach a Tokyo University professor to join their lab?
What is the academic value of a white paper?
Prepare presentation for Ph.D. Interview in Germany
What is a "description of professional interests"?
Is there a website that shows current research strides in several academic fields?
CC-licensing course slides
What can I expect from a publication on arXiv
Are researchers permitted to mislead subjects about the purpose of a trial?
Tuition cost over time
What are the expectations for a Ph.D. candidate in Scandinavia in particular?
Is it OK to name discrete research areas as your research interests in the statement of purpose?
Is it OK to include a personal (non-science related) statement in the final slide of a presentation
How to professionally quit a student job?
Citing an article under a double-blind review process
How to answer a professor asking "what your masters work is about?" when my thesis is not in English?
Is the Cambridge Certificate of English accepted in US?
Why do some universities not allow dissertations to be publicly available?
Is it impolite to ask a professor who was not my master's thesis advisor (but with similar research field) to help me to work on a research topic?
How and where can I seek help regarding research outside of my university?
What procedures should I follow if my preprint is stolen and published in a journal?
Wanting to return to university, but I have a Master's degree. Funding options?
Does getting pay to be a subject in an experiment violate an F1 visa in the US?
Do automatic tools to check thesis exist?
Intent behind Recommendation Letter requirement?
What should be included on the title page of a conference presentation
How to deal with coauthors that have left academia
Can corresponding authors include their personal website to be contacted?
Working Experiences Sections in application systems of doctoral programs?
As an inexperienced/unknown recommendation letter writer, what should I do to make my letter stand out?
Is it crass to acknowledge a colleague that passed away in my thesis?
How are letters of recommendation handled when they come from a member of the admissions committee?
Could research data fall under the Freedom of Information Act?
Should I index all the specific terms which are included in appendix?
What to do when a former supervisor keeps contacting my current supervisor as a way to pressure me to publish my Master's thesis?
How can one compare a postdoc position in Europe and USA?
Is it ethically questionable for me (an undergraduate) to hire "research assistants"?
What are pros and cons for an adjunct professor job at a community college for an IT professional?
What is the best way to start learning a new course?
What are the pros and cons of being a Mathematical Reviews' reviewer?
Plural or singular in CV section titles?
Are references with indication of page number uncommon in computer science?
Is citation bias a studied issue?
What is the meaning of signs and numbers appearing in scoring system of AAAI?
Is it realistic to deal with a huge undocumented code base for master's project?
What are books and websites I should look at before trying to write a grant?
Is using the same topic title as a book title plagiarizing?
How does the class time in the day and week impacts the students' learning outcome?
Getting a scientific article published with no qualifications to any scientific journal?
Is it possible to do a cheap or free online or distance Ph.D. program?
Professor asked me for draft of letter of recommendation,what should I do?
Should you respond to a call-for-papers rejection email?
What's behind the teen prodigies inventing things?
Should I cancel / alter office hours for committee meetings?
Is there evidence of effects of votes of no confidence on enrollment?
Do U.S. PhD students who engage in research during summer or intersession breaks get vacation time?
Grading scheme which helps figuring out what is a right/wrong answer without generating frustrations
Using MHRA, do I need to cite a translator when referencing an online text?
What do you do when your best friend cheats and has become top 10 in class of 250?
How to deal with students leaving the class for 10 min during the lecture?
What is the recommender address and his/her title or position in graduate applications?
How can I fix or do after I made many big mistakes with my professor?
How to investigate why students do not do their homework?
Should I say congratulations to my professor? What is the best way for this?
Is it ethical to reference a work accused of plagarism?
How can I find a link to Guardian's list of postgraduate open days for 2014-15?
I was caught cheating on an exam, how can I minimize the damage?
What are the acceptance rates at various CS masters degree programs?
Recommendations for CS Masters application
Is there any difference between one-year MScs and two-years MScs?
Are there any experiment reproducibility databases?
Does the order of citation ([Kir10, HZK09] or vice versa) matter?
When and how should you talk to a professor if you think you deserve a different grade?
Is the correlation between learning a subject and having high grades strong?
How can I replicate a search strategy described in a publication?
If I know how many questions I attempted/got wrong on GRE Math Subject test, can I estimate my score?
What to do if most of the students did badly in the 1st midterm?
Is it advisable to emphasize (italicize) good research qualities in a research statement?
How can I study PhD in business after masters in physics?
How to deal with two students who potentially colluded when one is unavailable?
Should students be shown the grading rubric?
What are the main reasons why academics leave academia? (Looking for references, not personal opinions)
References for PhD Application: Is reputation or personal relationship more important?
Saying that you will do something in the near future in CV and statement of purpose when applying for grad school.
Getting Letters of recommedation with no professor suport
What is a soft-money research position?
How commonly do researchers spend a long time (>10) years on soft money?
How should I phrase a résumé if I have an uncertain degree plan?
Is there a single academic database for Management Information System /Decision Support System area?
How to abbreviate the name of a university when there is no official abbreviation?
Would graduate committee be more favorable to a barely passed grad course or no grad course at all while undergrad
Top authors in a field
If I don't participate in research in first couple of years of PhD , how much am I losing?
Good data entry and management systems
Multiple submission of same work for different audiences
When listing faculty that I'm interested in, would it be a good idea to list faculty that are in a related department?
Under what circumstances would a professor be offended at students taping or recording his or her lecture?
How necessary is buying a domain when I'm just a graduated student?
how do you verify your knowledge in a subject area for grad school admission while you have not been enrolled in regular class?
What is minimum GPA for getting PhD in Germany?
Do any academic institutions publish objective surveys of alumni satisfaction?
Mentioning slipshod undergrad research or not in top graduate school applications?
Why does a UK university need to know my sexual orientation and religion?
How to build a list of seminal papers in a field?
As a student, should I offer alternative ways of understanding a point in lectures?
Can (and should) an editor referee a paper he's in charge of?
How not to come off as boasting or arrogant, if you are one of the few active students in a class?
Where do people leaving academia go?
How to build relationships with professors in such a way that results in good letters of recommendation?
What is considered cheating in an open book exam?
"Designated emphasis" on a doctorate
What is life like for Western-raised/trained academics who are faculty in countries with extremely tight governmental control?
Does "submitted to Thomson Reuters" mean that a publication will actually be indexed?
What is the relationship between credits and course hours?
How to acknowledge oneself as the author of materials created in industry research position?
Would it be acceptable to report a professor for poor teaching / attitude in a Masters graduate course?
Why is B or B− the minimum passing grade for most graduate courses in US?
How likely is it that PhD application is not reviewed by professors if TOEFL minimum isn't met?
How should someone with a German PhD be addressed in the UK?
How should a teaching-assistant deal with an angry student?
How can one differentiate between Dr. (PhD) and Dr. (MD or DO)?
Is it a good idea to have a departmental problem database?
Is it acceptable to criticise papers when writing a related work section
Does putting an article I wrote on university site conflict with IEEE publishing rights?
How does one denote that a cell value is not available / doesn't make sense in a table?
What is " companion proceedings" in a conference?
Why do research faculty pursue administrative positions, such as dean, provost, president, etc. ? Do such positions spell the end of one's research?
Value of scientific community statement on brain training
should I fight to choose journal my work is submitted to?
How to account for publication bias?
Easy subjects with high grade vs tough subject with lower grade
How to minimise student's discomfort when suggesting they need to improve his/her English?
When applying for a PhD is it worth mentioning awards received for achievement in final year high school exams?
Should I dress up for conference banquet/gala dinner?
PhD admissions - Contacting multiple profs from the same university
Is it appropriate to copy a drawing from a book in my master thesis?
Is there a single website where one can get to know about all upcoming international conferences?
Undergraduate transcript for graduate addmission
Is it approriate to point out errors in the literature review in a thesis?
Discovered a serious error in a reviewed paper after submitting the review, what to do?
Cite paper under review on a paper that is going to double-blind review?
Principal Research Scientist vs. Senior Research Scientist?
What is the best policy to deal with students using their cellphones inside the class?
Can you get statistical data on research paper submissions and publications?
What should a student do, when a professor delays submitting his letter of recommendation?
Modify the page layout of application materials (i.e. A4 vs. Letter) when applying for jobs in multiple countries?
How to find out where a College's Graduates are now?
Are people who left academia happy with their decision?
Can low score in GRE hurt the application with good GPA for top graduate school in US
Is it fair for me to drink caffeine during tests?
Should the first letter of the axis label be uppercase?
Is getting a second masters in a different technical field worthwhile?
How to encourage students to seek alternate citations for an assignment?
In CV, mentioning of a report that summarizes the postdoc research without publications?
How to deal with cheating when university policy is ineffective?
What is the weight on the applicant's personality for tenure?
Where should I look to see if any funding is available for an industry-based research to attend and present at academic conference?
Are there graduate programs available specific to one programming language?
Should an editor ask his own graduate (PhD) students to review papers in his journal?
How can I get back on track after falling behind on my online courses?
How to cite from a book with more authors?
How important is the statement of purpose in a PhD application for admission to a top school in the US?
What to do when you spend several months working on an idea that fails in a masters thesis?
What is the value to a student of a professor offering to supervise their PhD?
My supervisor does not believe my abilities
How should I cite 3 images that were used to compose a new image?
How can I timestamp my paper without violating double-blind review?
How detailed should one be in writing the referee's report?
Should the fullstop go inside or outside the brackets for Harvard in-line citations?
How to comfortably interact with famous professors?
Should you thank helpful referees in the acknowledgements section of a paper?
Who should be provided as an academic reference for job applications?
Which tables should be put in the appendix?
What is the relationship between impact factor and journal ranking
What is the relative prestige conferred by an invited review article vs a research article?
Should I mention a magazine article written about my research in my CV?
Can I publish a paper on my PhD work without informing my old supervisor?
Pure mathematics graduate scholarships in Europe for international students with a bachelor degree only in engineering?
What should I let students do when they finish exams early?
Should departments have a policy regarding updating online resources?
Should I explain to the graduate admission committee why I am older than most prospective PhD students?
Should an abstract make an argument about why an experiment is important?
Is it a good idea for a nonnative English speaker to have native speakers help make the English in statement of purpose perfect?
Financial aid sources for dependent, disabled student?
Is it possible to be admitted to an astrophysics graduate program with a finance background?
How is employment experience considered in PhD funding decisions in the United Kingdom?
How does a 'quasi-tenured' hire work in practice?
Does EBSCO's "Peer Review" search filter filter out junk journals?
If someone conducts unethical research unbeknownst to anybody, but produces positive results, what would happen to the research once discovered?
Is that a good idea to send an errata list to a professor whose class I'm currently enrolled in?
How will an application for graduate admissions be affected if psychological issues prevent student from getting strong recommendations?
Is it possible for a grad school applicant to cancel a letter of recommendation once it is submitted?
delaying Phd application to publish in order to get accepted at a better university, a valid strategy?
Can the tutor test for plagiarism under these circumstances?
Behavioral finance PhD multi-departmental, which field to apply to?
What is the difference between a concentration and a track within the major?
Writing a recommendation for highschool student
Do the results of evaluating cutting-edge methods in an industrial setting constitute new knowledge?
Getting into a MA or PhD (psych) program with a weak gpa due to recently resolved medical issues? Does work experience replace a weak gpa?
Is there typically a pre-screening process for doctoral admissions in the US?
How to calibrate the time constraint of an exam for a new course?
In reviewing papers for journals or conferences, what should one do if one is not fully knowledgeable in the specific area the paper addresses?
Good idea to name the keynote speaker of a local conference at which my paper was accepted to be presented?
Can a student be admitted to masters programme even if his/her English level is lower than the minimum requirements?
How should a teaching-assistant calm his anxious student down in an exam?
Is it safe to give all the papers mentioned in my statement of purpose in my writing samples?
Is it inappropriate for an author to copy and paste from his/her original paper in an extension paper?
Is there a potential problem where supervisor is close to someone working in similar area?
Ignored Requests Open-Source Software from a Research Group
Can I get into a top 50 school with a bachelors degree from an unknown state college?
Assessing students in exams with negative points?
Is a faster implementation of an existing algorithm publishable?
Number of months a year that faculty get paid in UK and Australia?
Is it professional for a professor to ask "surprise" questions on a test?
Is publishing with SpringerBriefs vanity publication for a beginner researcher?
What is the US style to list the advisor's name of a master's thesis?
My professor is rigging data and plagiarizing. What can I do?
Publishing my work without advisor
Appropriate topics over lunch with an invited speaker
How can professionals vet research ideas (and potentially collaborate) with academics?
Why are 31.8% of retracted papers not noted as retracted?
What kind of career path might be possible for a professor following a plagiarism scandal?
Is differentiated instruction permitted by universities?
Is there a common standard for the title hierarchy of research positions in English?
Editor indicated that if minor changes are made, paper could be published: what are the chances of publication?
Impact of parameters in experimental results of paper
What is the difference between plagiarism and copyright infringement?
Vetenskapsrådet (the Swedish Research Council) international post doc - criteria
How do I express my disapproval of a marking boycott without damaging relationship with academics?
Fine to put as an appendix to my statement of purpose the paragraph explaining the gaps in my transcripts?
Is it ever appropriate to correct a non-native teacher's English?
Should you always use appropriate letter conventions when emailing a teacher?
What are the drawbacks of HTML5 presentation software?
Is there an available network analysis of all academic papers and/or a 3D representation?
After long time without, three review invitations in two weeks. Coincidence, or do editors share lists of helpful reviewer names?
Knowing a lecturer from a previous course of study, would it have an impact?
Required items for undergraduate's CV who is applying to grad school
How can I cite my dissertation in a paper that will be double-blind reviewed?
PhD supervisor is not willing to co-supervise?
Is it possible to find a PhD position in social sciences without having letters of recommendation?
Using a letter of recommendation from freshman year professor?
In which countries must college professors be cleared to work with minors?
Degree programs or careers with a focus on plagiarism detection?
Can people in western countries do graduation and post graduation in two completely different fields?
Is it appropriate to call professor?
Is it better to add a transcript of a non-completed degree for a master's degree admission?
Would a 5-year prison sentence totally ruin one's academic career?
Is it OK to only invite one of three co-authors of a previous joint paper to do another joint paper?
Asking authors for details of algorithm implementation when no explanation is provided
How to introduce multiple authors of a research paper in content?
Is it fair to punish absent students with a one-question exam?
Omissions of undergraduate information
How comes over 25% of retractions fail to explain the reason of the retraction?
Submit to arXiv with a different order of authors
Should acronyms always be expanded?
Is it a good idea to express my gratitude to a co-author with a gift card?
What is the purpose of having grades?
I am applying to many universities, how should I ask my professors to re-write recommendation letters?
How detrimental is involvement in politics to a scientific career?
Is it necessary to provide links to the mentioned softwares' websites on my CV?
Is it acceptable to submit more than one papers to a conference?
What would be considered a "competitive" application for mathematics postdocs in the US?
How does a software application idea become a research project?
Is it appropriate to submit a previously presented workshop paper to a peer-reviewed journal?
Is participating in professional meetings helpful from a CV point of view?
What percentage of papers submitted to a conference or journal have been previously rejected in the same or another venue?
How can I make sure I'll get credit for my work when working with unwanted and untrusted collaborator?
How should I express theorems without a proof in a research paper?
Reverse-engineering results in a published research paper
Reputation of 1 Year Master's in Comp. Sc. in the UK
In a scholarship application that asks about "overcoming challenges," does this refer to financial challenges or other kinds?
How to cite different chapters of a book in the same paragraph?
Internship to Grad School
Write to professor or secretary?
How broad should the research Interests of an undergraduate applying for grad school be?
As an undergraduate, should I have done research on all of my research interests listed in my resume?
Should I list all of my scientific writings and technical reports (including those written for coursework) on my resume?
Interdisciplinary PhDs?
How often do authors actually perform and publish the work they indicate as the future work they plan to undertake in a publication?
How to treat the results of symbolic computations in a paper?
Is it advisable to use formal citations in a statement of purpose?
Who should I ask for reference letters for academic positions?
If the status of a paper under review changes, should schools I applied to be notified?
Have people been prosecuted for using fake degrees?
What is the maximum depth of subchapters one should use in a paper?
What can a student who is already studying hard do to improve low grades?
What is reasonable expenditure on meals during a conference?
Advice for dinner with prospective Ph. D. advisor and grad students?
Journal submission refered to Editor-in-Chief
What are the profit margins of academic publishers?
Is having a "too good to be true" recommendation bad?
What is the difference between a thesis and a dissertation?
Does one page LOR hurt my chance of getting to graduate school
Who reads teaching evaluations?
What to do when online instructor not giving meaningful feedback on research project?
Can I use someone’s answer from a StackExchange site in my publication (journal paper)?
Using Tech. Reports to 'protect' IP before presenting unpublished work in a conference
How can I justify my choice of projects in my Research Statement, when I'm not very experienced in it?
Is it rude to request a read receipt when emailing the professor?
Is it appropriate to ask for more than one recommendation letter from the same person
Letter to a potential PhD supervisor (mathematics)
Why does U.S. Veterans Affairs only pay for classes which are required for the degree?
Pros and Cons of Enrolling in coursework units during a PhD
Benefits to serving on an IEEE Standards Association?
Professor for a performance class is scheduling class time different than the class time listed in the catalog
What is a "very good higher education degree" when applying for a German PhD?
Who owns things bought with research funding after project ends?
How to say “thank you” to a professor who has written a recommendation letter for me?
Will I be treated differently from funded students if I attend graduate school without full funding?
Effective open-ended student evaluation questions
How best to present long equations in two-column papers?
Math - PhD or Master's + PhD?
Is it cheating to use solutions to identical problems from other universities to do my homework?
Was it a mistake to act more interested in a potential advisor's work than I actually am
How very high reading/listening but low speaking/writing TOEFL scores are usually judged on graduate admission?
Is it evident whether I am a masters student or a PhD student just by looking at my transcript?
Possible to Reliably Find Editorial Board for the Conference Proceedings?
Is it a good idea to put the logo of the university in my motivational letter?
Where to find grad school acceptance rates?
For applications where prospective students upload transcripts, is there a preference between scanned official vs unofficial transcripts?
How much information is too much for a statement of purpose?
If I've decided to go to Grad. School for Mathematics... a little late?
How does a student's misconduct history carry across to other courses (if it does)? Is there a difference between minor and major offences?
Will my results still be publishable if I used ethically objectionable techniques in my research
Should I mention in statement of purpose that my undergrad degree is in a different field because my parents wanted me to do it?
How to manage an interview by videoconference?
What to do with teachers who think their subject is "extra special" and gives students too heavy a load?
What to do when other professors place unfair demands on my students?
Should teachers announce the grade breakdown during first class?
How should I cite StackOverflow questions in my term paper?
How to rate my level of proficiency in statement for graduate application
What kind of science jobs are there at the European level?
What should I do if my final year project supervisor does not answer my questions
Is it academic misconduct to post assignment solutions on public websites?
Submitted to arXiv with a different title. How to make Google understand this is the same paper?
In the context of a review of an academic paper, what does "technical accuracy" mean?
How to find out who were the reviewers of an article?
Can I get a scholarship from graduate school in physics if my GPA below 3?
Is it unethical to ask for homework help on StackExchange?
What is the best way to cite people who help you on StackExchange?
Why is online course enrollment limited to specific times when a course is offered?
Is it ethical to merge a set of relative publications in a single journal without additional content?
Should biomedical engineering/ biotech academics aim to start businesses?
How to tell my co-advisor I am leaving for PhD?
For a transfer applicant, is it wise to ask the university applied to, not to contact my current one?
Is patenting based on theoretical findings possible?
University making unreasonable demands with regards to external undergraduate research opportunity
Should we trust a journal article that does not cite any previous work?
Is it legal and is it appropriate to display religious items in faculty offices in the United States?
Should a postdoc talk about his depression with his mentor?
What should one do if they've discovered a "breakthrough" but lack academia credentials?
Consideration for MS if PhD rejected
US statute of Higher Education System
How can I keep my ideas of a new theorem safe?
Could it be a problem years later if I forgot to include some things in my thesis?
Teacher takes pictures of students during exams and posts them on social media
Handling editor sent me a review invitation
How to apply to do a masters thesis in the US or Canada when departments don't post specific positions?
How do advisors typically apply pressure on PhD students to get work done?
If the editor handling my paper is a retired professor, then would it be fine for me to inquire about my paper status?
How should you deal with a teacher who is difficult to understand?
4th year phd in BiomedEngineering - How do I maximize my chances of getting an assistant professorship in my hometown?
Is there research on the extent to which complexity of the proposed method(s) impacts the acceptance rate?
Does it look bad if letter of recommendation comes from an emeritus professor?
Do I have any chance to apply to a graduate school after a bad junior year?
How do project supervisors address the "freeloading" problem in group projects?
Using a paper under review as writing sample for PhD application
How important is primary authorship in judging someone's research contributions?
Should I cite every study that supports my point?
Is it ok to call the professor in this situation?
How do you refer to someone whose title has changed?
How an assistant professor is called in North America?
To what extent can I use the concept of "God" in a meteorology lecture without offending anyone?
How to translate "profesor auxiliar" from Spanish to English?
If I use most of the references from a thesis but not the exact same sentences, is it plagiarism?
Is there any formal format for statement of purpose?
Can you list a "last-minute" invited talk on your CV?
Professors who use their own idiosyncratic names for things
How should I reply and thank a potential supervisor's email?
Is it possibly considered weakness in my statement of purpose if I mention that I would like specific people to advise my PhD programme?
How were people able to graduate with a PhD at a such young age in the past?
Is it ethical to ask the postdoc employer to cover my trips for visa purposes as well as my main travel fees?
How should I address other people in languages with a tu/vous distinction?
A theorem exists in a book but not in a journal - is this considered as a publication?
How should I facilitate a panel discussion?
During applications, how can I prove I was the first author of the papers that I couldn't become first author for various reasons?
Is it fine to cancel class on days before national holidays, due to low attendance?
My current LOR is "good but not great". Should I switch to a LOR whose doesn't know me well, but certainly thinks I'm a top student?
Should I include having taken free online courses without credit or certificate in an application for a master's programme?
Cumulative versus monographic dissertation
Getting a Mentor
High school student scooped by PhD student in the same lab
Any disadvantage to multiple applications?
Paper accepted in journal, should I remove style file for arXiv preprint?
What should I ask deans during my interview?
Practice for publications in foreign language
Are there any universities in US/Europe which will give PhD in Engineering in 3-4 years?
Pursue new PHD program
What is the next step after received acceptance from the Editor
Academic occupation options for foreign visitors to the USA?
How should I tell my advisor that I want to leave my undergraduate research position?
How to cite a dataset, when my calculations relied on the data?
Professor will agree to be my thesis advisor but only if I can find a co adviser, what does this really mean?
How much detail about mental health issues should one include in "Special Circumstances" section of graduate school applications?
Can I upload my open access publications on researchgate.net or academia.edu?
How to improve writing skills when writing a manuscript for the first time?
Using another author's citations
Is use of the word "via" appropriate in an academic essay?
When should I appropriately use adjectives and adverbs?
How to ask a professor to join a project in a way that leaves him a "graceful out"?
How to use copyrighted images in an article?
How important are pure math grades for applied math graduate schools?
Is there a way to save my students money on a textbook?
My name was misspelled in a citation, what should I do?
Should I send a copy of a closed-access paper requested on academia.edu?
Should someone giving a second opinion on an article be a co-author or just acknowledged?
Are there any "tells" for faculty hires?
What to do about questions that are designed to embarrass the speaker?
What academic functions does a Professor Emeritus usually serve?
What is the equivalent degree of a Diploma in Information Technology from India?
Is it considered plagiarism for a professor to use uncited sources in teaching materials?
Should I report a 48th percentile math GRE subject exam score for programs where it's optional?
Is it a good idea for an international student to use his master's thesis preprint as his writing sample?
Graduate schools with no test score cutoffs
In peer-review, is it common for a reviewer to be shown and asked to comment on other reviewers' reports?
Requesting a recommendation before the end of the course
Is it self-plagiarism to reuse my own unpublished material?
Is the editor-in-chief's advice sincere?
What to do with papers after misconduct allegation was resolved?
How to make a mathematical text more concise?
Difference between official and unofficial transcripts
How does supervisor contribute to students' papers
Is applying to 20 graduate schools too much?
Placing a paper under review on my website?
What does one do if one receives a less prestigious offer while waiting for a decision on a more prestigious one?
Does having external funding raise your chances of getting accepted ? ( Masters )
What happens if my GRE scores arrive after the deadline?
Should a formal academic grievance list what an action the student hopes will occur?
I submitted my own code on someone elses account
Master's Thesis Adviser Co-Authorship?
Are practical experiences as valuable as academic research experiences?
Must one find references to fit knowledge already known from education or experience?
Is it okay for the author field to contain names of research labs?
Encouraging students to be more social with each other via course wall exchanges
In the Harvard referencing style, is it wrong to put references in footnotes?
No response from Professor; how should I remind him about writing a recommendation for me?
Independence as a postdoc working with former PhD supervisor
Is it right to submit a conference abstract knowing that I will not attend but my advisor will give my talk instead?
What to do about a Master's thesis where most of the introduction is a literal translation of my own work?
How to cite a method that has a huge history of contributors?
Is it better to submit a paper to a journal "normal" issue, or wait 4 months and send it to a more focused "special section" of the same journal?
What do profs actually think when writing a letter of recommendation for an average student for grad school
Should I Postpone Graduate School?
What are the benefits of working as a teaching assistant?
Are UK faculty salaries in computer science low compared to salaries in United States?
Searching for open source literature management software
Is it appropriate to give university lecturers Christmas cards?
Publishing a paper that cites my previous work
Asked about bibliographic search skills for application
Journal does not tell me why they rejected my paper, even on request
What leverage do universities have over sexual violence in fraternities?
What kind of administrative duties might a postdoctoral associate be expected to take on?
Is excluding my middle name on a graduate application acceptable?
Can a professor accuse a student of cheating on an exam without witnessing it firsthand?
Is it standard for graduate students to get gifts for their advisors?
How credible is an application for a PhD in Computational Fluid Dynamics from an MSc in Computer Science?
What to do if an audience member refuses to let you answer their question?
Does the graduate admission committee automatically consider you for a Master's program if they don't accept you for their Ph.D program?
What are committees looking for in a cover letter for a faculty application?
Suggestions for Working with Uncooperative / apathetic teammates
Google Scholar: Will having HTML and PDF in different subdirectories lead to incorrect indexing?
Where can I publish the draft paper of my masters thesis?
Does an admission committee assess Verbal/Analytical Writing scores differently for International applicants?
Letter of recommendation from employer for MS in U.S. universities
Using typographical variants of the same letter as mathematical symbols in a paper
Why doesn't arXiv have a comment section?
When during the application process should a candidate mention that their spouse is also looking for a job
How to mention possible mutual interests when applying for a job?
How to motivate people to participate in a survey, can I include a call for participation in a paper?
Is it appropriate to email some new information to my recommendation-letter writers on Thanksgiving if the deadline is a few days later?
How to deal with bad smelling (smoking) co-student
How to resolve disagreement with project teammates over which professor to work with?
How can I tell whether a mathematics journal seems reputable?
Does a low GPA in an unrelated (second) major affect math PhD admissions?
Why do editors sometimes accept a paper even if a reviewer recommends rejection?
Why do some research centres and university department publish a multi-year future strategic plan?
Reference on the authors' willingness to receive public, online feedback on their work
References in a PhD thesis in mathematics
In a computing/software paper, is it acceptable to talk about alternative tools in a literature review?
What software can I use to poll my audience during presentation?
Interactive poll during the presentation - worth the hassle?
How to respond to “philosophical” questions that aim to undermine a position or derail a discussion?
How does time off for a serious illness affect funding and duration of PhD?
Validity of results recorded in electronic vs bound vs unbound notebooks?
What motivates researchers in industry to publish their results?
Career Paths for Mathematics and Physics
Why are honorary degrees awarded to celebrities?
Has anyone failed coursework requirement and got terminated from PhD program?
Is concentration an extremely important working habit?
What major is beneficial for a long-term career goal in medical robotics/ robotics/ artificial intelligence?
How to address being interested in two areas in statement of purpose
Which is better for PhD application: research-based BS thesis somewhat related to interests, or extra courses + standard thesis in area of interest?
How to get interdisciplinary when your program isn't
What to do when asked to do something that seems unethical by a co-advisor which might result in losing credit for my work
Can undergraduate students really post something on arXiv.org?
What do admission committees look for in a diversity essay?
How to supervise an undergraduate student if I am a PhD student coming from a different field?
Having caused a lab accident, how to mend my relationships with fellow students?
Is it possible to get a master's in speech language pathology online or part-time?
Diagram of education in the Netherlands
Research comparing paper and online student evaluations of instruction
Parts of thesis draft published without proper credit
How common are interviews for Computer Science PhD programs?
Is it reasonable to worry about lack of potential for dating in postdoc positions?
Reference on how often "To the best of our knowledge" assertions turn out to be false
Letter of recommendation for grad. school application source
How does a low quantitative score on GRE general exam affect admissions to mathematics PhD programs?
Add a Collaborative Report in my CV
Importance of diversity statement in graduate application
Does living in university housing mean that they will own intellectual property you create there?
Is it a good idea to join a second group as an undergraduate researcher if I don't feel challenged enough?
What can I do when my transcripts have mistakes?
Changing fields between Msc and Phd
Is being an honors student really worth it?
How much research experience to include on a CV?
Global university ranking for graduates, not research
How to overcome feeling that published articles lack public interest?
Importance of having a "connection" while applying to PhD
Is enquiry on IELTS Results effective?
How to find an appropriate journal to submit to when working in a new, unfamiliar field?
A potential supervisor didn't respond to my email. It's been a week, does this mean he's not interested?
Is it OK to upload thesis including published work to personal website?
What are the best ways to organize one's research workflow when using multiple Operating Systems?
3+ month delay in reviewing the revision of paper, what can we do?
Postdoctoral application asks about 'ability to assess resource requirements'
Is organizing a thesis competition a good way to connect academia and business?
Can I be admitted to a graduate program in Computer Science with relevant work experience, but academic background in Electronic Engineering?
What does it mean to be a co-author?
If I use results from a source I don't have access to, should I include it in references?
Research faculty I would like to work with not in my department
What makes good research questions good?
Are bibliographies/reference lists generally included in page/word counts?
Applying to a masters program based on university rankings?
Can I apply for PhD without recommendation from my masters advisor?
What grading policy applies to undergraduates taking graduate courses?
University website says "when such conduct [unauthorized collaboration] is common, it becomes acceptable" - does this mean plagiarism is allowed?
How to differentiate long paraphrasing and original ideas with APA in-text citations?
What path should I take to make my vision a reality?
Administrative recognition of frequently-cited unpublished manuscripts
Editor said I may apply reviewer's suggestions and resubmit "if I wish", what are the consequences if I don't?
How to ignite your research career when your advisor is so disappointing?
How can I find out whether I am permitted to re-use an online questionnaire in my own research?
What to reply to your former supervisor that wrote that your paper "isn't worth much" before submission to a journal?
Mentioning advisor qualifications in statement of purpose
Is it necessary to double major with math to be considered for theor. physics grad school?
How to politely follow up after contacting potential postdoc advisor?
Should a collaborator who recently passed away be included as an author?
Can my degree be revoked if my relationship with my advisor sours post-defense?
When to answer and when not to answer a brief e-mail from a busy academic?
How can editors and reviewers detect data manipulation?
How to write a decent report introduction on work you have created?
Completing premed requirements after Bachelors
Why are some professors critical of even casual use of Wikipedia?
Is it possible to acquire a letter of recommendation without meeting face to face?
I submitted a paper to two journals, and the first published it, but I agreed to publish in the other; what can I do?
How can a decent student find a doctoral advisor from another faculty?
What are the differences between Peer Reviewed Journals and Refereed Journals?
What is Cumulative Impact Index of a journal?
Good approaches to integrate research and teaching?
How can I lookup the registering info of an ISSN number?
What is a good amount of time to wait to check up on a recommender after the initial request?
What should go in a diversity statement if I believe I have had no relevant experiences?
How to decide whether to publish your paper in conference proceedings, as a journal article, or as a book chapter?
Citing papers, that are cited within a paper?
Conflicts with colleagues as a postdoc - reason enough to start looking for the next job?
How much do my career prospects suffer if I start a mathematics/CS PhD. at the age of 27?
GRE Expiration Date
Including unpublished manuscript with CV?
Options for a teaching position in a liberal arts college in Europe vs US?
Average time alloted for manuscript review across disciplines
What features should be included in your actual accomplishments and skills to be accepted in a top university like MIT
Online Computer Science Degree
How free are you to take mathematics courses as a computer science graduate student?
How free are graduate students to choose research topics given their department?
How to prevent desk rejection when trying to publish papers which are counter to the prevailing view (but still legitimate)?
How should I cite a screenshot in APA style for my student paper?
Can I lose my job over writing a negative comment on (anonymous) faculty evaluation of institution?
Should I worry that my advisor will get sick of being a professor and move to industry?
Cover letter and feelings - use or avoid
Difference of a PhD program for students entering with BS and MS
Should academic CVs include reviewing, non-academic service, hobbies and languages?
Should I contact a PhD student or his supervisor for potential collaboration?
Do community college transfer students have a disadvantage when it comes to graduate school admissions?
When are professors most free during a semester?
Recommendation letter from a PhD-to-be?
Should I write to invite a professor to be my PhD thesis examiner?
Where can I find templates for a mathematics research paper?
What do I do if my results are not ready before a conference?
Should I start my CV by telling about myself?
Can good grades alone get me into grad school?
Should I include name of potential advisor on my statement of purpose (SOP)
When a PhD program asks for academic transcripts, are they referring to university-level transcripts only or also earlier transcripts?
How do you balance producing results with learning new skills?
Is it unethical to hire students for private consulting work?
Academic tassel at convocation: left or right for dual undergraduate/post graduate students?
Possibly fraudulent journal: cite or not to cite?
What is normally not acceptable to budget in a grant
Unacceptable quality of writing in a letter of recommendation
Uninteresting research area and contacting potential supervisors
When should one include the proof of known results in a mathematical PhD thesis?
Can I ask for first authorship on future publications that may come out of my design?
Should I list my work as dissertation or conference paper?
Accept a PhD offer from a local school while applying to others?
Different CV for applying to university and applying to fellowship?
Finding appropriate journal for submitting a modest paper in mathematics
Financial resources for M.Sc. students in the U.S. universities
How much of the statement of purpose should be focused on each of my academic background and my work experience?
How to tell my supervisor that I have severe phobia of flying?
Does posting papers on Academia.edu count as publishing?
What happens when a instructor really goofs up a course?
Protocol for writing a recommendation letter for someone you only know on a personal basis
My mentor got laid off from a private research lab. Is there anything I can do to help him find a new job?
How do I answer a question on the ethical implications of my work at PhD viva?
Selecting references for PhD applications: are industry references OK?
Why shouldn't I quote famous scientists in my SOP?
How much involvement should my advisor have in deciding my availability and actions for me?
How to quote a quote?
Is there a recommended font and size for a job application?
Is there an advantage in including quotes from teaching evaluations in a teaching statement?
Who is eligible to apply for instructor or assistant professor positions?
For a future in physics, should I pursue a dual major as opposed to just taking extra physics courses in mathematics degree?
Should a teaching statement be posted publicly on the web?
Are there known cases of leaks in academia?
Why would my teacher's dean care when I took the final?
A professor of mine pronounces an author's name incorrectly, what should I do?
What to do if I only want to study master not PHD with a professor
How to prevent calluses from writing on chalkboard?
What questions should I ask as a candidate during an interview for a tenure-track assistant professor position?
Gre sub math score is low...Should I send to schools that strongly recommend ?
How to show the accreditation of a university abroad
What makes a didactically effective lecture?
How do you know if university is right for you?
Why do many PhD programs expect a higher average physics GRE score for international students than US students?
Studies over how noisy is it to accept/reject submissions
Career advice: How can I move on from my probable PhD flop?
Terrible grade in undergraduate research project, how will this affect graduate admissions?
Can we buy licenses for e-books and lend them to students?
Is it unfair to regrade prior work after detecting cheating?
How do mathematicians conduct research?
Writing a research statement in mathematics without having any research experience
Is it ok to apply for more than one Phd student program?
Should I ask for generic reference letter?
What universities are recognized by USA universities?
What can I do to prevent ethnic conflicts in research groups?
How to formulate my resume, if a PhD defense exam fails with mark “Dissertation passed, Oral failed”
How can I politely explain to my students that the texts in my course are all in English and it is their duty to read it nonetheless?
How is publishing in JoVE (a "video journal") perceived?
Should I write IEEE membership in my CV?
Number of reviewers
Should I mention in my letter of recommendation that my student has bad handwritting?
Does it make sense to make exam grading very transparent?
How to make students learn prerequisites
PhD defence announcement
Mediocre Thesis Topic. Does this Hurt my Reputation
Combinatorics or Linear Algebra for Computer Science/Applied Mathematics Degree?
Should I give an overview of my research program at the beginning or at the end of my job talk?
Why do graduate programs have comprehensive examinations (comps)?
Citation for quoting a current accepted value in an abstract?
How much will a poor first semester affect my grad school chances?
How to ask for a letter of recommendation on a tight deadline, from professors I haven't spoken to in years?
Slow Response from Journal: Should I withdraw a paper?
In applications for academic jobs that ask for a "copy of transcript", is a "copy of transcript" an unofficial or official copy?
How to deal with student putting their (home)work on github
Can I add dropbox links to my resume for graduate school applications?
How do I check my work is worthy?
Can a single bad letter of recommendation ruin my chances of getting admitted to grad school?
When is it necessary to consult a university lawyer?
How many "office hours" are common (or standard) for full-time lecturers?
Is it ethical to express thanks and gratitude to a reviewer in the reply to the review text?
How should I stay in professional contact with former supervisors and/or colleagues?
How can full-time lecturers find the time to prepare for lectures?
Is it acceptable for a professor to ask post-doc student to babysit for free?
"Do you need travel support?" Questions on Conference Applications
What can I do to be able to understand conference presentations?
Taking suggestions for grading rubric for multiple answers test
Highlighting sentences in the statement of purpose
Who can submit papers to peer-reviewed journals?
Grad student protecing ideas in a research paper for futher development
Is it better to request a recommendation letter in person after class or by email?
Correct Academic Title, Necessity of Adding All Emails, Necessity of Adding Authors Photo in IEEE Transaction Journal?
How to handle possibly subtly flirtatious emails from students?
Elsevier Computers and Security "With Editor" status just after 12 hours - what does it mean?
Is it acceptable to keep extending medical leave to prolong insurance coverage, when one has no intent of returning?
The editor asks me to wait couple of days
On what factors is a dissertation approved
If an editor appoints a non-expert reviewer by mistake, is there any way to convey this to the editor?
Is it unusual for a professor to submit recommendations to other universities more promptly than their own?
Long review time in CS discipline
How can you best answer when a Scholarship proposal asks for your objectives?
How should the order of faculty names be in a letter?
Why are [some] professors ambiguous about material that is actually tested on exams?
Should I submit my revised workshop paper to a journal if I don't think it will meet the "30% new material" requirement?
Listing Latin Honor GPA while you are still undergraduate in your CV
Should I be considering a Accelerated Master Program?
How to best approach literature with low information content for good retention
How should I refer to non-permanent Web Pages, via Web Pages saved in PDF format?
What can I do one day before admissions deadline, if I believe my recommendation letter writer will not submit in time?
Getting a letter of recommendation when the referee gave no indication about the strength of the letter
Letter of recommendation from PhD candidate
Why is the CV needed for graduate application
Is it advisable to have a master or PhD thesis topic in mind before entering graduate school?
How to cite prices in academia?
Clear colormap for figures when printed?
What unforeseen dangers might exist when choosing an open access textbook for a new subject?
How important is one's first publication in affecting prospects, assuming others are to follow?
Is independent research a good long term goal for a bachelor's degree holder with experience and interest?
Suggestions for working effectively with international students from a non-western culture
Didn't pay attention to rules and created an illegal note card for exam?
Wildly Varying Scores on GMAT and GRE - Should I Send Both?
Do all countries have the same gender imbalance in science?
Should I use hypophora in my SOP?
Advantages to article submission in LaTeX from the publisher's side
Is it inappropriate to explain why I really want to live where the university is located in my job talk?
Tips on how to format a manuscript in marine biology and physiology
Use 1st or 3rd person for university webpage description?
Are there differences between SM, MS, MSc, MSci degrees?
What is the best way to find an external examiner for an MSc (e-government)
Thoughts on Student with Bad Grades in Easy Courses and Better Grades in hard courses
What are the key components of being an effective supervisor of undergraduate researchers?
Is it legal (USA) and ethical to use international edition textbooks? When I pay for a textbook, where does the money go?
What subjects benefit from textbook editions?
How may I calculate Research Contribution as Per UGC rules?
What makes someone deserving of a Ph.D.?
How should I split my code and data between an open repository and the article's supplementary files?
Is it sensible to do two PhD's simultaneously?
How much time should be allocated to supervising undergraduate researchers?
Stuctured vs Individual German doctoral program
What is the strategy to identify natural experiment as a PhD student?
Can I take the biochemistry GRE test if I am a biology graduate?
What kind of citation is needed for a whole paragraph?
Is it acceptable to change affiliation to new employer when submitting an updated manuscript when old employer provided limited research support?
Can one or two spelling mistakes in a statement of purpose hurt your chances for graduate school?
If you want to do a PhD in mathematics, how important is it to start immediately after finishing undergraduate studies?
What are the most frequently cited textbooks in the physics literature?
Is it realistic to apply to a Master at MIT, Harvard, Yale, Berkeley, Stanford with a Bachelor of a German Fachhochschule?
What are the major differences between PhD programs in mathematics and PhD programs in other STEM fields?
How long should I wait for an IEEE conference proceeding?
Should I offer to pay (some of) the travel cost from the UK to the US for an interview?
Should I rewrite completely an extended paper?
How bad does it look if I asked the director of graduate studies if I can change my program of study from pure to applied math after admission?
How to send end-of-the-year wishes in academic environment?
Ask an advisor (co-author) to contribute to manuscript other than just critiquing
Is it expected that a part-time masters student publish before transferring to a PhD?
What is the average salary of assistant professor in New Zealand?
How much decision time is given for tenure-track offers
Should I do a PhD or Master in Statistics for a career in Data Science?
What's in a 'vita'?
What attitude should a speaker have to going over time?
Can I put my NSF fellowship on reserve in order to investigate leaving academia?
Failing postdoc?
Dealing with a friend who always leans on me
Can a discoverer give the name he wants to his finding?
What is a reasonable reimbursement time for conference travel from a department?
Why the taboo against naming discoveries after yourself?
Is it ethical for a student to edit the Wikipedia page of his advisor?
Do I need to mention having survived a life-threatening illness when applying for a new academic position?
How to cite an updated report?
Do contemporary publications cite more sources? Why?
Quantity vs Quality of Publication during PhD
When should I send thank you letter or email to my thesis committee members?
(Master's Degree) What are they 'precisely' looking for in a Statement of Purpose, and does a SOP matter when one has excellent GPA?
Where can I go to get IRB approval?
What is systematic literature review?
How common is use of word "PhDs" to describe PhD holders in formal documents?
Is it possible to apply for a post doc (and get a post doc) while struggling with the health issues (a life-threatening illness: cancer)
Is it appropriate for a PhD student to write reference for a PhD applicant?
How to Direct the Reader to the Background and Terminology Section?
How to focus on a single area during PhD?
What is the proper email etiquette when contacting potential supervisors on short notice?
Citing someone directly with additional information in footnote
Is it ethical to blog about your publications to communicate your research without being restricted by the journal?
Three month delay in reviewing the revision of paper, Editor doesn't even answer the email
In what cases are you able to start a postdoc without a "conferred" PhD?
Should my SOP be a narrative of all the events in my life that lead me to develop my research interest?
Should I mention my blog in my SOP?
When shall one write a mathematical expression as a separate line in a paper/Ph.D. thesis?
How to politely decline an interview for a PhD program?
Is it poor grammar to replace normal phrases with mathematical symbols in sentences in a mathematical paper?
Is there any research direction which is closely related with map reading?
Should I talk about a unpublished paper in my SOP?
Decision and PhD. Take a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity or pursue a life dream
How to find ISSN number of IEEE Sponsored (or IEEE related) Events?
Where can I find good examples of personal statements [BSc, MSc, PhD]?
Extremely mild punishments for academic misconduct
What are the potential ramifications of a student intentionally deanonymizing his/her class evaluation?
What options do rejected applicants have if mistakenly told they were admitted to a program?
will lack of experience make it impossible to change my subject of study?
What's my chance of getting into a good math or statistics graduate program, if I don't have impressive grades the first three semesters of college
Publishing as sole author on politically charged topic
Online venues that promote networking among scholars -- alternatives to Academia.edu and ResearchGate
How to tactfully request removal of my name from co-authorship?
How much duplication is permissible in letters of recommendation?
Summer programs for European undergraduate mathematicians
Is arXiv a good path for very young researchers?
What to write in application letter to address poor grades in Greek and Latin for classical archeology masters application?
Is it possible to get into a good masters program in computer science with a 3-3.5 GPA?
Postdoc without PhD?
Unclear terms: Statement of Purpose, Academic Statement and Personal Statement
What can I do if I find errors in someone's thesis?
Funding during graduate study (phd, masters) in math in the US
What is a right way to criticize a published method in my paper?
Earning a Phd at an older age
Does listing several research directions in SOP give the impression that I have a shallow research interest?
B- in a Major Class Last 60 Credits (Mathematics)
By what main criteria does the mathematical community judge whether an open problem is important?
Should I talk to my professor about my grade?
How to say please erase\cutoff my lower gre score information from my application
Apply for PhD in maths at the age of 35
What is meant by rewarding No-Grades when one's adviser remained satisfied towards one's research?
What are the downsides of publishing your statement of purpose on the Internet after you've already been admitted to a PhD program?
Can I selectively send scores of my general and subject GRE to the university that I am applying to?
Will it hurt my masters application if SOP focuses on my research interests, but the program has only a few courses on that subject?
What should I include as "evidence of effective teaching methods?"
Software to create repositories of students' software projects
Is it possible to study in China without knowing Chinese?
What are the benefits of a poster award?
What has the effect of publishing salaries been?
Making research without phd
Normal length of time taken to arrive at a phd admission decision?
How damaging are writing errors like typos in faculty application documents?
What kind of design freedom can you permit yourself in academic writing?
What does "scientific report" mean?
How important is the thesis document for judges on the day of the thesis defense?
'Scholarly' alternatives to Goodreads
Should I mention in my manuscript's cover letter that I am a PhD student?
Using previous student essays as examples
Do's and don'ts when writing an academic book
Does your university name matter?
How to cite a chapter from a report with different authors?
Indicate Journal name for "under review" and "accepted/in press" publications on CV
Do I need research experience to be admitted to a highly ranked mathematical physics master's?
Should I include written evaluations (from courses I took) in my transcript as part of the job application materials?
How do I stop feeling unwelcome in my department?
How to foster gender diversity as an organizer
What is the promotion rate of professors in United States?
What do I put on my publication list if I have no publications?
Do hiring committees actually give preference to underrepresented groups?
Lost Interest in Electrical Engineering. Still have a Math degree to complete. What to do?
How can physicists help in theoretical biology, besides math and fresh perspectives?
Should papers presented at local conferences be put in list of publications?
Should I put my papers which are not written in English on my social-media profile?
Should scholarship/fellowship monetary amount be listed in CV?
Should you list undergraduate work on your CV?
Are there any personal blogs writing review of academic papers?
Graduate without a job offer or delay
Will it hurt you to leave a tenure track position (for another) after one year?
Given a downloaded PDF of a publication, is there any way to detect if it's a journal or conference paper?
Wrong font used for statement of purpose and résumé
How to get permission from Google to use Google Scholar Data, if needed?
In Elsevier Editorial System, how do I resend a paper with "Submission needing revisions" status?
Why do US universities have strict formatting requirements for dissertations?
Write a computer science thesis in native language or English?
What's a "methodological approach" for research (Master's thesis)?
Large distributed research network
Would I be disqualified from academic positions in mathematics if my PhD is in cognitive science?
what to do when someone has same name as yours and in IEEE search they show both peoples paper?
How beneficial is speaking at non-academic conferences to future computer science career?
How to add a timeline to my CV?
Do you not belong in a PhD program if you don't live and breathe your field of study?
Doest attending a graduate school interview increase your chances of being accepted? If so, is this fair?
Is it impossible to continue a job if you want to pursue a Ph.D.?
How long should I wait for the receipt acknowledgement?
Is it possible to get back into academic research after being dropped due to funding problems from 6 year postdoc?
Is it rude to write in a journal paper "the proof is left as an exercise to the reader"?
Best margins for master thesis written in LaTeX
Release software before the accompanying publication gets reviewed or accepted?
Referring to myself in my thesis
Should I send recommendation/reference letter to universities that don't require it?
Which quantitative metrics are there of the quality and prestige of journals, and how do they compare?
What is the meaning of “In Proceedings Of ...”?
Sign copyright agreement before paper acceptance?
Should I use degree name as their system?
Is there any automated way I can detect if a co-author plagiarized before our paper is submitted?
Should postdoc be listed under Employment and or Education on CV?
Where can I find industry postdoc hiring statistics for Canada?
Should I mention my goal of expanding my family business in my MS statement of purpose?
What is the IEEE citation style for content obtained from wikipedia?
Which GPA is more important for applying to PhD programs, graduate or undergraduate?
GRE score sending how long
Which US universities publish cohort ranking - position in class?
How to describe computer skills in an application form? (Master's degree)
How to keep track of line numbers in response to reviewers?
Is it useful for a student trying to get an undergraduate research position to have a personal website?
Style guide for academic conference talks
Top 10 largest private physics research centers in U.S.?
My supervisor wants me to include another professor's name in my paper while... what should I do?
Which address to state as my own at top of publication?
How to cite page from section-page number style document?
Appropriate response to misattributed title?
Does mathematical sophistication play a role during paper review?
I have an article in the field I am just interest and has no overlap with my major. Should I mention it my SOP?
Is it wise to develop skills that do not immediately benefit short-term research productivity?
Is it OK to start a PhD with a side project still running from your master's?
What kind of assistance from graduate institution can I expect in transferring parole?
Supercomputers and undergraduates?
How many words is a typical scientific publication (particularly in biology)?
Will reviewers see acknowledgements in double blind peer review?
How should I go about doing meaningful academic outreach as a graduate student?
How to deal with a student who insists on getting a higher grade?
Whether to tell his prospective employer that a new male post doc opposes affirmative action for women in academia?
is being at a highly reputable university the only way to progress in academia
Is it appropriate to mention personal lessons learned in the defense presentation?
How to write the information related to referees in an application form?
What is expected from a mathematics student bachelor's thesis?
Mentioning courses taken on coursera.org in the statement of purpose
Am I obligated to finish my post-doc term before starting my tenure-track job?
Can my recommendation letters be repeated?
On agreeing on length of PhD program in advance and three year studies
Is it possible to do part of my PhD remotely?
How do academics find time to write books?
Is it OK to have many graphs, tables, and images in a masters thesis?
Resusing my own poster abstract for another conference
Content of reference letter
Why do we not reinvent the journal system?
Consequences of applying for two (or more) programs in one university
How does an early career researcher gain a high citation count?
Do graduate schools care about published solutions of contest problems in Mathematical magazines?
Potential Impact of Pass/Fail vs. Letter Grade in Elective Courses
Citing "p. x" to mean page ten of a book looks confusing since "x" isn't clearly a Roman Numeral
When applying to a PhD program whose strength is not my concentration field, should I adjust my statement of purpose to match their area of strength?
Who issues the transcripts that applicants are asked to upload for a PhD application?
What are the main factors that mean Humanities PhDs get published as books?
How to highlight language abilities in cover letter for a scientific research position?
A researcher that I know organizes a symposium within a strange conference and has asked me to go. What is the appropriate etiquette for declining?
What is the role of a PhD advisor after a student has graduated?
Tips on preparing a good slideshow talk
Should I cite photos in my thesis?
What are the pros and cons of including graphics/figures in teaching and research statements for academic job applications?
Does the NSF award grants to foreign researchers not affiliated with US instutitions?
How to elegantly make reference when the whole section is a summary of other people's work?
How to thank a teacher in a thesis?
Effective use of a "learning narrative" assignment in a gen ed science course
Does the NSF support researchers with no academic affiliation?
What is the etiquette for making an appointment to request a letter of recommendation?
What can I expect from a Skype interview for PhD admissions?
What steps can faculty and staff take to promote excellence in, and importance of, teaching?
Is there a trollish/novelty/esoteric citation style?
Can an improvement to an existing implementation be publishable?
As a postdoc, how to make sure I get credit for helping undergrad and grad students?
How to greet the audience at the beginning of a PhD defense talk/presentation?
Can a bachelor of software engineering study masters of electrical engineering?
How should one interpret a requirement that a proposal in pure math be "jargon-free?"
Does it matter where you go to medical school?
Should I warn my professor about some errors that I've found in his paper?
Is it wise to resubmit a substantially revised version of my writing sample that has already been submitted for phd applications review?
Why might my tutors from several years ago not respond to my email request for a meeting?
Is feeling lonely and uncomfortable in my (foreign) country of study a valid reason to drop out of a PhD?
How can I find out if a student’s thesis is just the translation from his native language (Spanish) to English?
Is it rude to forward an email message to the original recipient if they did not respond?
Should I mention that I am interested in developing bioinformatics tools in my SOP for a "Software Development/Engineering" Master's program?
Is it more acceptable to list interview talks on CV if they're also part of a seminar series?
What If the announcement for a Tenure-Track position in a research-intensive university does not request a research statement?
Choosing a PhD field, based on short term or long term decision?
Do I need to send two official copies of toefl/gre scores to a US school?
Will it cause problems if I publish under a different version of my name than I use in my future medical practice?
What are some way to give praise to a professor without resorting to flattery?
What's the benefit of delaying a tenure-track position for doing a postdoc (when you already have a tenure-track offer)?
Can I send my accepted research paper to IEEE conferences?
Research-methodology book in the form of a dialogue between professor and student
Reasons for dramatic differences in pay for adjuncts?
How many recommendation letters should you ask a professor to write?
How to organize content of slides for a conference presentation?
How to gauge the prestige of an individual researcher when selecting a PhD advisor
how to handle double affiliation in a research article?
Should I ask for a recommendation letter even if I have not applied for any programs yet
Can I include an author URL as part of the affiliation block in an IEEE Conference Paper?
How to handle relevant, but disruptive, questions
Can I submit an unofficial TOEFL score report if the official one won't be received by the university before the deadline?
Do Universities have a right to stop students from talking about questions on tests?
To work in statistics for industry and research centers, is a masters sufficient or is there a major advantage to having a PhD?
Is there some quantifiable difference between those who seek master's degrees and those who seek doctorates?
Worldwide Dissertation Database? or French, German, Italian ones?
What should a regretful student who is caught plagiarizing do to move forward?
References on how often finances are cited as a barrier to graduate study
Getting secondary citations right
Faculty hiring differences in Theoretical Computer Science between US and UK/Germany
Editor rejected my paper stating that reviewers had refused to review it long after submission; How can I understand what is wrong with my paper?
Applying to a PhD in Machine Learning without much knowledge of the subject
MSc in mathematics from MChem?
What research shows how assessment design can minimize plagiarism?
Is it acceptable to ask someone for help revising your paper?
How to phrase potential contributions in thesis proposal?
How to get list of journals in a discipline within a specified range of impact factors?
How to thank a good teacher?
How can someone from a developing country study pure mathematics/theoretical physics at a university abroad?
Should funding be listed under "distinctions and honours" on a PhD application?
Mentioning that my paper extends my project X: compatible with double-blind review?
Is it possible to earn a PhD in mathematics with emphasis in teaching?
How long between the acceptance and proof correction of Elsevier?
Is there a way to improve the readability of equations in research papers?
Why do some fellowships require "leadership experience"?
Research reference or source for study before selecting thesis topic
What must an international graduate student do before arriving in the US?
Writing the GPA in the application form, even though the studies have not finished yet
What to do when a referee wants to criticize someone else through me
What challenges to expect for admission to Masters/PhD in computer science and engineering after chemical engineering undergrad?
Sending a second reminder to a professor about LORs, after the first reminder
Will I be paid a percentage of the fee that readers pay to download my article?
Submitting to conference without intention to present
How do you prepare for a meeting with a potential masters thesis advisor?
Seeking TT position with criminal record (DUI)
Applying to History & Philosophy of Science (HPS) PhD programs?
Can I send math subject GRE scores to programs that do not require them?
How to request an extension for submission to a conference?
Steps for creating a scientific journal
How to 'stay up to date' in your field?
Sending M.Sc. dissertation to a big conference
Writing the Absolute and Relative Average in an Application Form
Do people actually buy research articles?
Is university teaching better than high school teaching experience in applying for teaching-funded PhDs?
How do you deal with being stuck in mathematics research?
Is an MS in computer science helpful in improving programming skills?
Are there cases where an accepted paper is retracted for lack of originality?
Must graduate applicants who will need funding submit financial statement for I-20?
With some programming but no formal CS background, to develop fundamental CS knowledge should I get an MS or BS?
What's the meaning of "first-page-first order"?
Philippine grade equivalent in the UK grading system
What incentives do professors have to serve on dissertation committees?
What percentage of a professor's salary is paid for by tuition?
When should cited author names be included in the substantive, rather than parenthetical, part of a citing sentence?
Is it necessary to understand every detail of a research paper?
attendance date of my BS and MS course
Applying to masters program to further explore my interests, should I mention specific areas of interest in statement of purpose?
Should first introductory paragraph explicitly state the subject of the paper?
Does writing a book improve your chance for getting scholarship for applying PhD abroad?
Should I mention being enrolled in distance course currently as a backup option in application form?
How should I fill the "First name" and "Last name" in an application if I have two given names and two last names?
What are duties for jobs like Professor, Lecturer, Research Scientist, Research Assistant, and Research Fellow in the UK (Oxford)?
What makes a publication (or a publishing forum) academically acceptable for inclusion in a literature review?
Why do some admissions applications ask where I've been living and what I've been doing for the last few years?
Should you conform to journal formatting requirements for the initial submission?
Inventors on patent regarding research results
Someone gave a talk proposing the idea; Should they be an author?
How much money an electrical engineering professor earn from grants in US universities?
What research expenses to request for early career fellowship?
How should I begin my meeting with my former teacher whom I haven't been in contact with for three years?
Send a question or thanks letter after receiving a notification of receipt of application?
To cite a publication with two authors in a presentation, should I write "X and Y" or "X et al."?
Is there a standard medical fitness certificate format for applicants to European universities?
Is it necessary for a journal submission to include the names of the authors' departments?
How thoroughly do referees review papers submitted to theoretical computer science conferences?
Would successive rejections of different papers by the same journal lower the probability of acceptance of the next submission to the same journal?
Can an emotional letter of motivation be harmful in a PhD application?
Are there any downsides to sharing a successful proposal with others?
Professor/supervisor switches from writing emails in his native and local language to English - how to react?
How to handle off-topic questions during an interview for a PhD/academic position?
Will it be a bad move for Master's to do summer internship in industry when trying to pursue a PhD program?
In PhD admissions, if a correspondence is opened with a prospective student, is it common for a professor to just stop replying?
My adviser agreed to write a letter of recommendation, but hasn't done so
Techniques for good board handwriting
Interview for pure math graduate program
Dealing with adversarial grant committee members in interviews
In PhD admission is research internship or a job in a research lab better?
What should I do if my master's advisor used a figure from my thesis in a publication without citation or acknowledgment?
Can I reuse my published images
Recommending venues and organizations in a paper
Is it possible to switch to a better university for PhD after completing a Masters in computer science?
Should I submit a revised version of my paper before hearing back about the first version?
How to narrow down a field of study when you enjoy and perform well in every subject?
Would a legitimate journal send unsolicited email to an author offering to feature an article in their own publication, for a fee?
Have researchers any incentive to publish negative or confirmatory results?
How to negotiate for clinical vs protected research time in academic job offer?
Does it look bad to cite a single review paper repeatedly for many different things?
What happens if a conference doesn't get enough submissions?
What should I do when getting a C in a core graduate course as an undergraduate planning to apply for grad school in applied math?
How to find out the first name of a professor whose home page lists only first initial?
Should a CV have footnotes containing links to proof of achievements?
Should I omit some of my qualifications in my application materials to "surprise" with during an interview?
Is it okay to add a lecturer on LinkedIn
Why would a professor agree to write recommendation letter, then mention in it that he doesn't know student very well?
How should you respond to your teacher who cannot help you with a recommendation?
If a PhD position I applied for and didn't hear back from is removed and relisted, does this mean I was rejected?
Should I let my recommendation letter writers know that I didn't submit my application in the end?
Is it considered plagiarism if I use my OWN answers twice
Is it always necessary to include a research question in the introduction of a paper?
As a novice scientific writer, how can I publish a scientific review?
Should I block my facebook account?
How hard is it to succeed in research after an adviser's death midway through PhD?
What should a student do if a professor agrees to write recommendation, then retracts offer upon realizing he confused the student with someone else?
Prevent plagiarism after rejection of a paper?
How to make efficient PhD research in absence of the supervisor?
How could one prepare for a telecon interview for a government lab?
Possible causes of confusion and mistakes in technical terminology in bilingual settings
Decision time on a postdoc offer while applying for other positions
How to reply to an academic interview invitation?
Can a paper be rejected because another paper (by someone else) based on its arXiv preprint extends the result?
How do you respond when people talk about the possibility of profiting from, rather than the exciement of, your research?
Is it fine to ask who are the search committee?
Is it ethical to have manditory questions in an online CrowdSourced survey with paid particpants?
Do I have to translate primary and secondary sources into English for a dissertation?
A faculty member turned me down because of lack of funding. If the university announces funding is available, should I apply anyway?
Translation of Dr. rer. nat. outside of Germany
Is mathematical aptitude the limit of how well I can do in an interdisciplinary life science field as a computer scientist?
Getting credit/ownership for improved software
How to respond to "How much funding will you bring?" as an interview question for a faculty job?
Is it appropriate to ask professors to give you a mock interview?
What to do with an expository note
What factors determine acceptance to top graduate program in Engineering?
Where to locate authors’ names in sentences?
How to approach experts to get feedback on a paper
How much contribution justifies being a co-author of paper
Is there any evidence that students are more likely to watch a video over reading homework?
Plural or singular for a multi-authored paper
How do we explain a timing diagram in a technical talk?
Can a University put a Creative Commons document containing a NonCommercial element (NC) behind a wall?
A new model for publications where papers evolve over time?
Are there people who have done so much work before PhD that they get a PhD automatically?
How to improve self-learning as a PhD student?
How to keep code and output organized?
Are MOOCs a good way to show grad schools that I've gained proficiency in a field which is not my major?
How to quickly understand the main idea when reading a paper?
What to name a section at the end of thesis containing original material for future development?
Already a doctor but not satisfied!
Is it acceptable to submit papers anonymously to Computer Science conferences that don't ask for anonymity?
When to take questions during a thesis defense?
Why is it bad to judge a paper by citation count?
Checking/Ticking all the fields on a recommendation letter as "Exceptional"
How to use lemmas and proofs from another paper?
Can I call an assistant professor "Professor"?
Does GPA/Transcript matter for academic jobs after the PhD?
Why might professors in an online masters program give fewer assignments and less feedback than those in an in-person program?
How to move forward following an unpleasant situation with colleagues?
Do European PhD programs have a qualifying exam, and if so, what form do they take?
Leaving a Master's Degree Early for a Doctorate Degree?
If a paper cites a work and its translation, is it counted as two citations for calculating h-index?
Comprehensive Guide for Ph.D. thesis in Mathematics?
What citation style is mainly used in political science?
Is it a good idea to mention previous rejection and subsequent improvement in motivation letter?
Why do people hang up papers on their doors?
Why can't friends or family members write recommendation letters for graduate admissions?
Should I apply for financial assistance to go to conferences?
Use plural or singular first person in abstract of a talk on collaborative work?
How do I get back into Mathematics after graduating with BSc 14 years ago?
Is it reasonable to submit a paper to a journal that I have uploaded to the Arxiv 4 years ago?
Conference acceptance process is "random" -- is it any less so for journals?
Master of Research (MRes) schools in the U.S.?
To experiment without experimenting?
Trend of postdoc in theoretical computer science
Have there been famous/documented cases where people die from working too hard in the lab?
What do AHRS, EHRS, QHRS mean on a transcript?
Thesis: does the first page of Chapter 1 need to be in odd page?
How do instructors grade a one-person project when everyone else in the class worked in pairs?
Are there universities or places within universities that cater specifically to shy people?
How long does PhD Application Process take in the UK?
Trust issues with my PhD advisor, is it worth fixing or can I get out?
How to write an aside in a journal article?
Can I do a PhD without MSc?
Where can I publish failed research directions?
Difference between research paper and scientific paper
How important is a rebuttal for a top conference (CS)?
MSc Programme without a Postgraduate Certificate or Diploma
Should you place accents on letters in academic writing in English?
What does it mean when one month after submitting a paper we receive a request for clarification?
How to deal with Educational Testing Service (ETS) inefficiency and awful post-exam service?
Is it appropriate to attend a class one is not registered for?
As an instructor, how to use the first day of class?
Is it better to go to class, or watch the recorded lectures?
Is it okay for a PhD student to devote substantial work time to projects the advisor is not involved in?
what factors affect your admission in PhD in Biological Sciences
If my research is applying methods from field X to field Y, should I do my PhD in field X or field Y?
Endnote outputting mixed citation styles in same document
How to organize the referee report of a paper?
How cite sources of 100-years-old analytical technique in a theory section?
Must bibliography entries match the original title's German orthography?
Is it proper to ask an editor for clarification
What is important in a job description?
How to overcome my resistance to lecturing?
Should I inform Grad schools about being accepted to other programs?
When applying to PhD programs in Computer Science, how much does subfield/specialty selection matter?
During college I was in an accident, changed majors & took a tough schedule, my GPA is low & no recs from a prof, is grad school still an option?
Do graduate admission committees include persons from outside the field?
Would most PhD supervisors stop working with a student who was unproductive due to clinical depression?
What does it mean when an editor needs additional reviews despite a status of "reviews completed"?
Are the Master Program & Certificates I am about to embark on relevant to my career & academic plan?
Asking the Editor-in-Chief about the reason of the review delay
Can I slack off and get a PhD?
How does one figure out which journals to submit a paper to?
Is it possible for an international masters student to get into teaching role in US Universities on completion
Are there any resources to find modern (or effective) assignment types, knowledge control techniques?
Professor not replying to my email
Lost to find a topic for my reseach!
Will my advisor regret taking me if I start slacking off?
How to make thesis-writing feel less tedious?
Should I share my horrible software?
My adviser is hesistant about letting me graduate. How should I handle it?
PhD in Education - How competitive is it and what are admissions committees looking for?
Is it okay to ask advisor how I am doing with my research?
How to ask my professor to write recommendation letter for me?
Is there deliberate gender preferential treatment in hiring or admission in STEM fields?
How interchangeable are PhD students to most professors?
Resource for learning about research funding system in the UK/Europe
How can I anonymously store supplemental research data that I submit with papers?
Should citations on PowerPoint slides be shortened?
Should I (an undergrad) call potential industry research intern supervisor by first name?
How to approach PhD admissions after leaving previous PhD because my advisor tried to force me to manipulate data
Make Up Tests: Should I alter the questions?
Citing a Work that Cites a Personal Communication
Do European PhD programs offer the opportunity to take on teaching assistantship duties?
Changing Research Groups
How should we approach the authors of a paper and ask them for their data?
Getting a job in industrial math with only a Masters?
How is cumulative GPA calculated?
Is it acceptable to use the word "trivial" in lecture?
Associate editor's dilemma with inconsistent first/second round review
Graduate school applicant visiting a department he has applied to - advantageous?
What grades do I have?
Citation feed for scholarly works
How much are local (same state or country) applicants favored in PhD admissions?
After revision: the paper is not anonymized - what does it mean?
Should I revise and resubmit?
Will I be considered as a very rude person if I call my teacher to check an urgent email
Academia deadend?
Applying to a new position after a few months?
What are the negative consequences of slacking off after attaining tenure?
What exactly is an embargo for a journal?
Should supervisors read acknowledgments before the printed version of the thesis?
Should I continue a project someone else started?
Use paper as master’s thesis or sign up to a “direct” PhD program (and use the paper for this)?
Tools for managing and scheduling meetings with students?
IQ and Probability of Success in Two Difficult Fields
What to do if I am on a hiring committee and I am aware that a candidate has exhibited unethical behavior in his previous position?
Are Nature Letters still considered primary articles?
How does research contribute to teaching, and vice versa?
What majors study both computer and maths?
What research has examined the cost in time and money of conference attendance?
How to Access an American PhD Thesis?
Should I participate in non-funded bioinformatics research?
Acceptance criteria for short papers
"Anomalous citation patterns" as exclusion criteria in Journal Citation Reports (aka Impact Factor)
Typical phases of student experience/motivation in academic education (e.g. PhD)
Non-academic positions after PhD in computer science
Writing first email to prospective professors about MS application
Should applicants send an email to check the status of their faculty application?
Booking websites for student consults
How much of a role tuition revenue plays in underwriting research?
What is a good answer for an interview question "Why do you want to teach at this teaching university?" (when there are several others nearby)
Should I worry that a graduate student somewhere gave a talk using my abstract?
What is the significance of the overview slide in a presentation?
Drifting away from the "boring" slide in the conference
Is it possible to do a PhD in Environmental Policy and Economics if I do not have an academic background in Economics?
How to find out if my specific idea is really new, or if someone has already worked on it?
I didn't acknowledge someone who helped with my thesis, is there anything I can or should do now?
Which elsarticle documentclass parameters in LaTeX should I use for different Elsevier journals?
How should I control my nervousness, so as not to disturb my presentation on the day of a conference?
Should I send reminder to a professor in a school I applied to, for an introduction email I sent two weeks ago?
Is it customary for a student to reply to professor's email within 24 hours?
Is it possible to get admitted to a MS program with funding if I have a poor GPA but good GRE scores?
To teach English at the college level, is there an advantage to having a masters in English vs Education?
What can I do to get academic credit/recognition from my hobby project?
Can I come up with a new theory in the course of my PhD research?
I have a lot of extra room for classes. What should I take?
Do references, notes, and tables count towards journal word count restrictions?
Strategies for teaching with facial aphasia (inability to recognize faces aka prosopagnosia, face-blindness)
Should I let potential employers know I have a job offer?
How to approach my supervisor when I've finished the task he assigned early?
What do those evaluating fellowship candidates look for before accepting them to join their research group/department?
When is it useful to include the code in a thesis?
When I reapply to universities which have previously rejected my applications, do I have to pay application fees again?
Proposing collaboration to an invited speaker?
Free Microsoft Visio for Education - Mac User
Author attribution for books used in promotional video?
What are positive and negative outcomes of requiring Ph.D. students to take a pedagogy course?
How to select a publishing venue for interdisciplinary research?
Writing a report/paper etc. - How to deal with citations that have poor English?
What papers can you ask someone to cite for using your software?
Do I need an introductory paragraph in SOP?
Research on career path after tenure denial?
Is putting the statement/conclusion first considered to be cliched?
Is it possible to do a PhD in pure mathematics after studying aerospace engineering?
Can my institute use my figure and put their name on it for press releases, etc.?
Can the US general schedule (GS) scale be mapped to academic rank?
Who Owns the Publishing Rights of my Ph.D. Thesis?
Should computer science indexing sites be considered in rating research?
Can I Publish a Book Based on my Ph.D. Thesis and Other Practical Findings I Found After My Ph.D?
Applying for job at same university as PhD application
What topics should go in the thesis Appendix?
Is taking a method explanation from books and papers considered plagiarism?
How to keep one's focus during discussions, meetings and lectures
What advantages and disadvantages should I consider in deciding whether to publish my academic book traditionally or self-publish?
Is it OK to let somebody know I refereed their paper?
I need some code that was made available by a student 15 years ago, but is no longer online. How can I contact someone in the group to get the code?
PhD with Master's but without Bachelors
What should I do if a professor says she doesn't understand my questions in office hours?
Is it a good idea to name some mathematical objects after my thesis advisor?
Some possible ways to respond to a student complaining about not having enough time on exam
What is "paper bidding"?
Can my Specialist degree be equalized to Bachelor degree?
How to respond to PhD offer emails politely
How to show extreme gratitude in an email?
How to become a journal editor?
Harvard citation style: Is it "...as mentioned in Author (year)..." or "...as mentioned in (Author, year)"?
What is an "L.Mgt" qualification?
How does one become an Affiliate Professor?
Is it OK to add extra paragraph to a paper during the proof stage?
Math Undergrad Wants to do Master's of Statistics
Phrasing for one current fellowship and one previous fellowship
What are acceptable "relationships with referees"?
Feeling like I wasted 6 months on a side project that won't benefit me
Figures of Merit (Erdős number) in Resume/CV
What is 'academic identity'?
What should I do if, after choosing a Master Thesis topic, I find an existing thesis on it in another language?
What to do when you have small yet additional results to a submitted paper?
What are the common signs that a graduate interview has been a success or a flop
Should a scientific paper have copyright?
How can I cite an company website using IEEE style?
The exam time was less than the students expected
Running out of Algebraic Symbols
Should all voluntary self-identification forms for faculty positions be filled?
Does research require a certain kind of personal abilities or is it a matter of hard work?
Is it unusual to get an informal offer before any recommendation letters have arrived?
How to decide the appropriate level of explanation for math in academic papers?
Tool for obtaining a BibTeX entry from a key, without creating it manually
Which math departments in the U.S. have people known for their contributions to Lie-admissible algebras?
After quitting a PhD program, would time off before applying to a new program be harmful?
During recitation sections, should I ask students for help in coming up with the answer?
What is the best way to solicit teaching feedback from students (before the class is over)?
Should I talk about my PhD acceptance in follow up email to potential advisor in different school
Listing languages in CV
What is the most cited paper of all time?
What are pre-print repositories for math and physics alternative to ArXiv?
How harmful is it for a PhD student to work with a supervisor whose ambition is greater or lesser than that of the student?
After getting a PhD at a low-ranked university, would it be harder to get a job at a high-ranked university?
Is Scribd widely used in academia?
Is it possible to survive in university academia without applying for grants?
What tense to use when referring to self publication in a monograph chapter?
Where to Place Master-class Certificates in Curriculum Vitae?
Is it ethical to answer questions about homework for colleagues taking courses I've already completed?
In an English work, can a non-English source be cited even if there exists an English translation?
Job Hunting for a postdoc
I did not include all undergraduate schools in the university I graduated from. Have I lost my chance at ever applying to graduate school?
Footnotes: is there any 'rule' on how to use them?
What education does one need to be called "Professor" in the United States of America?
Would it be ethical for a computer science PhD student to hire an assistant (programmer)?
What does "30 pp" mean for manuscript submissions?
How should I state my masters degree in my CV if I finished the program, but the ceremony won't be held for several months?
What is the recommended option for a faculty applicant after accepting an offer and getting another better offer?
What is the difference between the various documents that are part of an application?
Are en-route masters in physics viewed differently from terminal masters in physics in the Canadian job market?
Would a (temporary) industry position before starting a tenure-track position have a negative effect on academic career?
How often do mathematics professors move up from mediocre schools to good ones?
Listing "Note" Publications in CV
Submission of two papers in one conference?
Should I give a copy of my thesis to those professors that supported me?
How to handle a student's public speaking anxiety when teaching a class that requires presentations?
How to peer-review a conference "Symposium"
How to prevent cheating on take-home exams
CS conferences not indexed by Scopus or Web of Science?
Does a low page limit (3 pages) indicate anything about the quality of a conference?
Is paper refering on pop science books less value?
Is there any way to avoid wasting a long time in review process for mathematics journals?
Why are conference papers so important in computer science (CS)?
What exactly does it mean to say that a conference is "peer reviewed"?
Is it of academic value to submit two papers describing two different but somewhat similar architectures?
Should expository papers (e.g., in American Math Monthly) be listed in CV under Publications?
Applying for a PhD before or after finishing master's
How much non-thesis work should a GRA do, and how to let PI know if I think it's too much?
What is a good way to tackle difficult technical questions during graduate interview
What goes in a student success statement for a faculty application?
Is there any term that describes the main example that goes through the entire research paper?
What's going on: I got nothing when many applicants got rejection from the same grad program
My thesis advisor is absent in my final stage of completing my Ph.D. programme
How to credit a photo taken by someone else in my publication?
How many editors should a journal have?
How detailed should proofs be in a mathematical PhD thesis?
How to rephrase this statement in a paper? "Due to a limited number of pages, ..."
PhD in theoretical physics after dropping out of PhD program in Engineering?
Solution manual and copyright?
Is it plagiarism to paraphrase multiple sections?
How to keep plans for a job change quiet?
Is pursuing a second PhD in the same or related field a viable means of returning to academia after a decade in industry?
Do journals with double-blind review allow submission with some of the references are yet to appear but already accepted in another journal?
How should I state a 'PhD dropout' in my CV?
Question about phd interview gone wrong
PHD: Same core idea but in context of different country?
Internal transfer student; resume states my GPA as the average of my new program. Am I lying?
Typos in Statement of Purpose of PhD application.
Does publishing a monograph with Springer in computer science have any academic value?
How to cope with feelings of powerlessness on a PhD?
Does software exist for supporting conducting SLRs
Should I acknowledge institutions where I did internships on unrelated works?
How to decide whether to publish masters project in computer science alone or with supervisor?
Publish a Book Through a Research-Based or Industrial-Based Publisher?
How to address situtations where the effort to avoid plagiarism results in less effective communication?
Should a figure/table go before or after the first paragraph that references it?
How does the admissions process work for Ph.D. programs in the US, particularly for weak or borderline students?
Methodology of defining a research topic
Copying a proof almost verbatim
How can you tell if a faculty or group is on decline? Am I being used?
Why do papers found online often not say their publication date?
Is there a master list of journals?
Should professors with Chinese names be addressed with surname only or both names?
How to make data management plans machine readable?
What should someone who works at a tech company that isn't associated with the work list as affiliation?
Should I cite the author of software tool or script that I use?
Are there any recommendations from professional or academic associations on maximum class size for STEM courses?
Are there ethical guidelines prohibiting penalties against potential research subjects who have not yet provided consent?
What does "The references in general are not current" mean?
Which department does a professor in a joint appointment get his/her graduate students from
Is it true that 'nice' professors fail to produce good students?
How far can one expect a external examiner to travel to be on defence/viva committee?
What do these article submission dates really mean?
PhD with no prior research experience, how?
I have an unfinished translation of a speciality book. Should I write this down on my CV/SOP?
Is there evidence that open source research software produces more uptake of methods?
Are free publishing services, such as Globe Edit, worthwhile?
When is the appropriate time to email professors as a prospective PhD student?
Mail forwarding after graduation
What do I do if I really only figured out what I want to research just after applying
Do I need to add answers to the reviewers’ comments to a conference paper?
Time difference between admission offers and rejections in US PhD Admissions?
What are the important issues to consider when using secondary data?
Why is the phrase "including but not limited to" used in conference announcements?
Expletives in academic writing for coursework?
As an instructor, how to show my appreciation for my TAs' hard work?
Understanding a proposed schedule of a journal special issue
Alphabetical authorship order in graduate admissions (particularly high energy physics)
Applying for fellowships in the UK with different UK host scientists
Is it OK to mention a two-body problem during a tenure-track interview, if getting the job would actually resolve the problem?
What credit does inclusion in "Who is Who" book add to the researchers and academicians?
Potential issues with uploading copyrighted material to TurnItIn?
How to disagree about author order when my advisor has been dismissive of such concerns in the past?
Am I helping my graduate students too much?
Can I use one job offer to speed up another offer (on my dream job)?
Should I notify people I mention in the acknowledgements section?
Why are contributions to the education of the broader public not valued much within academia?
How does one address a tenure-track offer that is below expectations
How to respond to an unofficial PhD offer?
How important is the "major" of the PhD?
What are the 'objective circumstances' that one young researcher should take into account when choosing a research topic?
How to reply to reviewer's positive comment more naturally?
Specifically academic alternative to LinkedIn
I didn't acknowledge someone who helped with my thesis, is this considered plagiarism?
How is a Msc thesis judged?
Am I allowed to process personal data on a cloud server?
Traveling with textbooks
Assigning additional reviewers?
The editor doesn't respond after accepting the manuscript
How do theorists obtain summer funding after the beginning of February?
Should an instructor tell his/her students before the exam that there are multiple versions of the exam?
E-Scroll for University Graduates: Any problem?
Can co-first authors’ positions be swapped in a CV?
How are scholars supposed to use LinkedIn?
verifiable research statement
Is it ok to write back when no response has been received from a postdoc application?
Whether and how to thank a girlfriend or boyfriend in the acknowledgements of thesis?
How to avoid plagiarism when including definitions and proofs from textbook?
Can you abbreviate the title of the Proceeedings of the IEEE?
What is the best way to retain learned materials
Advisor interferes too much with my research
How should I approach the editor if I have been omitted from the author list of a paper I contributed to?
Is it a good idea to combine the glossary and the list of notations in a mathematical PhD thesis?
Should I retract an article published in a disreputable journal?
How to cite a new journal in abbreviation form which is not found in existing abbreviation list?
Education gap in Between Graduation and Master degree
Academic Curriculum Vitae Template (possibly in LaTeX)
should I present solution ideas in a cover letter?
Do graduate schools read your undergraduate application?
Does publishing a paper with a non-edu email influence the review process?
How can I get a Copyright Transfer Form without notifying my advisor?
How to find out if a conference submission deadline is likely to be extended?
Education sections in an Job Application Form
Sending a thank you letter to a research professor?
What is the origin of the "underwater basket weaving" meme in Academia?
Almost everything we know is taken from someone else, so what do I cite in a paper?
Value of PhD candidacy ("ABD")
emailing contacts after applying for faculty jobs
How important is relevant research for an undergrad?
Disclosing consideration for funded Master's during PhD program admissions
Should I cite or quote?
Can someone continue her education in Germany if the first university degree is not recognized?
I am a PhD student and hate it here. How can I warn prospective students during admit weekend without ruining my reputation?
What open access textbook publishing initiatives are around?
Patents and papers out of my field of research
What's the difference between cover letter and application email?
Why are professors' websites so ugly?
Does writing code for an assignment after seeing similar code online count as plagiarism?
Transfer applicants. Who are they?
Faculty or industry applications without phd advisor's letter
How should one maintain a relationship with a professor?
PhD Email and Deadlines in the US
How to get the most benefit out of a teaching consultation?
Thesis project outside of advisor's expertise
How to handle pressure from collaborators when life circumstances make it impossible to get work done?
Indecision between PhD and industry
What are tutorials in conferences?
Do price and value of degrees correlate much?
Frequency of appointments with Ph.D. supervisor
Should the captions in a figure list include their references?
What motivates scientists to fabricate results in prestigious journal articles?
Is the expression "Deputy Head of Research" correct?
Can applicants answer faculty campus interview questions while checking their notes?
What date should I put on a paper that I hand in to my teacher?
How to persuade my advisor to keep working with me even if my grades are poor?
Are all master degrees fully funded for North American universities?
Weaker chance of admit if classmate has already been admitted to graduate program?
how useful are solo papers?
What is the official way of addressing a lecturer/tutor in an English speaking university?
Opportunities in theoretical computer science
How to structure of a Ph.D. sandwich thesis?
How to handle an advisor who regularly gives me new work for my thesis?
Is it necessary to reply to a solution email by a thank-you email?
More co-authored than solo papers in the Humanities
Keeping track of definitions
Should I add a bibliography for this?
Distinct Research questions in Phd research proposal?
How does the tenure process work
How to choose the appropriate graphic representation (plot) method for the results?
What to do when a recommender for an already-submitted PhD admissions application suddenly goes AWOL?
Myth or Reality: Employers will contact your academic supervisor and past collaborators to acquire information about you
Is it acceptable to list unpublished papers in a PhD application for computer science?
How is a paper with multiple authors usually written?
How to acknowledge a colleague's authorship of text in a syllabus
How to prevent too many students from making appointments to meet with you when you put "Office Hours: ..., or by appointment" on the syllabus?
How to split two papers that Google Scholar incorrectly thinks are the same paper?
Should you disclose the name of an institution that made you an offer?
How much do bench skills matter for a postdoc?
Authorship change on conference paper after conference program is printed
Is it unethical to enroll in a low-ranked institution with the intention of switching to a better one if possible?
As a TA, what should I do about an error in the professor's lecture that I repeated in the lecture notes?
One Extra Semester - Benefits? Trouble Planning
Would a good AP Calculus exam score help for admission to mathematics graduate programs?
Can I have show two different approaches in single thesis, regarding the same topic?
Double-blind review with four references in a row?
In the UK is it acceptable for a lecturer/professor to join student societies?
Transfer to math?
Dress code for Thesis Discussion
Is it possible for people with a stutter to have a career in academia?
What's the difference between regular (aka full), position and short papers?
PhDs in the arts - what exactly do they do?
What to look for when doing research for an institution-specific statement of purpose
Masters before Math PHD?
What are the effects of not taking any humanities courses?
How should an graduate student with Aspergers syndrome prepare for a teaching career?
Is attending an academic conference beneficial if you are not presenting any paper? Does it reflect well in your CV?
Is the postdoc salary negotiable in Canada?
What is the legal status of using copyrighted images in academic/conference talks?
How common is it for women to drop out of graduate school because they have children?
Submitting paper to IEEE journal using the standard `article`/`proc` LaTeX class
How do I start my introduction paragraph for a research paper?
Why as the level of a college course goes up, is the course generally more specific and more specialized?
Will your undergrad GPA affect your graduate GPA in US?
Second phd in top rank university but online.
Do journal titles need to be included in a brief literature review in the introduction?
How to interpret Italian grades for a grad school application
How much do math professors get paid in the United States?
Is this a predatory conference?
Why do professors take on service duties?
How detailed should I be when describing what material was covered in prereqs on a masters application?
I cannot get funding to travel to conferences, is it normal to target journals instead and would it affect my future Computer Science career?
Introductory Structure of a Report Reviewing Established Knowledge
Email to potential advisor after submitting an application
What type of Grad School if I'm interested in Quantum Computing?
Why do some individuals who are productive PhD students at leading Western institutions, then publish infrequently as faculty in their home country?
Research Questions / Hypotheses for an Engineering (CS) Thesis
How to balance reading the literature and just solving the problem your self?
Is it possible to do a research on both Computer Science and Law, without a Law Degree?
Should I contact the EIC for additional information regarding his decision on my paper?
How to cite a reference in another reference?
Getting a dump of arXiv metadata
How can a student suggest changes in grading policies
Source code plagiarism detection tool that checks against online content
Quality of English in a college recommendation letter
When can I make assumptions in scientific papers?
Difference between "Referee-reviewed articles" and "Referee-reviewed conference contributions"?
Postdoc or Job?
Is my code my intellectual property or the university's?
How is it perceived to withdraw an application to graduate school?
Should I quit my PhD - workload, self-esteem and social life
How not to be like a rolling stone in research?
Does getting an offer from a U.S. phd program earlier than normal mean getting a relatively better offer?
European MSc vs MEng in CS when applying for PhD in the US?
What is 'Persuasive Data'?
How does a prospective applicant fail to qualify for RAship, but fit the bill for TAship?
Is it OK to get external help during your PhD if it is acknowledged?
How to turn down an offer if you aren't sure where you're going yet?
Failed to achieve intended project outcome, what to put on design fair poster?
Prof's neurological health is declining rapidly. What can I (TA) do?
Can I omit my undergraduate school from my CV?
What can I learn at open-house events for PhD programs that would be difficult to learn through other channels prior to accepting an offer?
Books/resources about how to write a good Thesis introduction
My professor wants to know if his recommendation is helpful
Can I have multiple research jobs totalling > 1.0 FTE in the United Kingdom?
How should one handle peers, competition and other social pressure while studying theoretical CS/Maths?
one on ones during campus visit
Using Industry experience to recover from bad undergrad record
Which free online academic plagiarism checker is closest to Turnitin?
How can I balance teaching computer-assisted skills and risks of cheating at exams?
Teaching load in New Zealand research universities
How are research papers typeset?
How to ensure that the acceptance letter received is real and not a mistake?
Can mathematical ideas applied to CS problems count as "undergraduate research"?
What are some effective ways for someone without a graduate degree to increase their chances of getting hired as a lecturer?
Open book tests and e-books
Methods or methodology?
Will working after bachelors reduce my chances of getting into a PhD program?
Is it plagiarism to use another person's unpublished thesis?
What citation / reference styles explicitly tell the reference's type?
How to title a research paper of a problem which can have two solutions?
How do I ask whether I am going to be an author on a proposed research project?
Do refreshments attract audience to seminars?
Customary to offer a fellow academic a chance to rebut criticism in a paper?
When to make thesis available for public access?
Is there (or should there be) a website to record errors in papers
Academic fair use and using publication images in your thesis
Distributing your own papers in your thesis
Choosing a second option choice
Prior thesis examiners as potential future journal article referees?
Is it normal for a graduate student's fate to depend on the success of a breakthrough idea?
What strategy should I follow for lecturing a course in which I have only a basic background?
Publishing journal articles based on dissertation
In choosing a postdoc, how should I prioritize mentorship versus research opportunity?
Professor wants to expropriate submitted code for commercial use
Is there something I need to do on arxiv if I lose academic affiliation
How should I include a list of links in my thesis?
Company wants copy of unpublished work. Should I give it?
Master's Degree Admission with a different Bachelor's specialization
How to cite large projects
Using other college/universities notes for practice?
How can I justify having only two publications when applying for postdoc jobs in physics/chemistry?
Is it rude to ask an adviser at my current university to help me transfer?
Does a department have any obligation to respond to a student petition against a teacher?
How to motivate speakers to give less specialized talks at a "colloquium?"
When listing refereed papers in a CV, should I highlight my name in authors lists?
What change should I make in my current resume before submitting it for Graduate school transfer application?
Acknowleding referee suggestions after rejection
Using a graphics tablet to support recorded lectures?
I might not get any PhD offers this year. I would like to apply again , what can I do to maximize chances
Lack of take home examinations in mathematics classes?
Why don't typical US colleges offer more online courses?
Can I force my professor to give me a copy of his powerpoint presentation?
Are end-of-term student evaluations taken seriously?
Are IELTS past tests available for students preparing for the exam?
How PhD classes are different from undergraduate?
How to pick a PhD topic?
Possible for ABD (all but dissertation) to return?
How to prepare for long-term dissertation fieldwork?
Is it possible for an F-1 graduate student in US to do internship in Europe?
When should I cite, if using code from Stack Overflow?
What's my professional title while working full time on my PhD?
Lab-meetings: How to establish a good setting?
What is the requirement for submitting a revised workshop paper to a conf in CS?
Are free online courses worth anything?
How much weight does the tripos III carry for further PhD admissions?
Is it a standard practice of tenure and promotion committee to ask for review reports of some published papers of the one evaluated?
Taylor and Francis Manuscript Status "Under Review"
How common is it for tenured professors to retire?
Is it a mistake to fail to mention future career plans in an application for admission to an MSc in pure mathematics?
Ethics of using company data from internship for academic project
How common is it that professors have their students write textbooks?
Are US PhD admission offers binding?
Correct name for experiment aimed at confirming an alternative Hypothesis?
Should an e-mail application to a lab for a masters thesis include attachments, or should I wait for these documents to be requested?
Department not giving me TAships after a dispute with professor, what should I do?
How are interactions with professors on postgraduate open days taken into account in admissions decisions?
Will writing MSC instead of MSc in an application count against me?
Can New Zealand/Australian academics do consulting work during summers?
Are salaries for academic jobs in New Zealand negotiable?
As a department head, what to do if a professor leaves without giving out grades?
Do colleges/professors sign contracts with educational publishers that require them to use the publisher's learning platform?
What is the reason that some departments do not allow PhD students to be instructors of record?
What could be an electronic way to verify that someone is from a specific university department or university?
Is talking about quitting to your supervisor a point of no return?
What does delegate registration mean in a conference?
Reapplying to a PhD program while attending another one
Computer science central source for CFPs
How has the application review process for NSF graduate fellowships changed?
Can a professor refuse to introduce any textbook for a course?
How prestigious is a Microsoft Research scholarship
What is relationship between post-doc experience and number of publications on Salary/appointment levels in New Zealand universities?
I have asked a professor if he were available for being my graduate thesis advisor, now my bachelor thesis advisor is angry with me
Effect of Low credit hours/ long undergrad on grad school
Is it possible to publish a paper on a topic about which you already wrote an online article?
What to do if professor comments on candidate's age in an admissions interview?
How do I find out when grad schools host their open house?
Do research-only postdocs harm chances for tenure-track opportunities?
Can student second author go to conference?
Do exercises in a theoretical reference book need to be solved when doing research?
How many external reviewers is typical for a tenure case?
Resubmission of paper has been "under consideration" for 30 days. Request update?
Is there a way to find review articles by the keyword?
Undergraduate thesis main author credit and prestige
Can I be a lecturer without doing research?
Plagiarism detection software – comparing two long documents
Ask clarifications to a professor of another university
Breaking an axis - is it ever a good idea?
When writing an email asking for PhD positions/projects
Do you think a computational math student should go to student seminars about pure math?
PhD student, issued contract at year 3 which will sign over intellectual property. Is it legal?
Are you permitted to forward the reviews from a rejected manuscript when submitting to a new journal?
Is it legal to include another person's result in my research paper?
How to ask other researchers to share their datasets?
is it ethical to publish the same paper in a conference proceedings and a journal?
Grading: students give correct answers, but in the wrong places
How to prove/deal with plagiarism that is hidden behind bad synonyms?
Differences between the introduction of a sandwich thesis and a paper
Meaning of "recommend with reservation"
The book suggested for a class has bad reviews, should I use it or another?
Under what circumstances can the university council withhold Ph.D. degree?
How to tailor a CV for travel grant applications
Ratio of applicants to jobs for engineering professor or assistant professor
Received an email from potential advisor and my name was wrong. should I correct him?
How to clarify that supervisor writing a reference is not related to me even though we have the same last name?
Publication a prerequisite for PhD Programs
Would it be acceptable to occasionally sleep at the lab?
How to stay in touch with professor after graduating?
Can I get a second masters in the same subject but with a different focus?
How much does an undergraduate degree matter for an academic career?
Remote PhD Using My MSc University's Lab
How to find only the papers that cite a particular article in an important way?
What does "qualify for a more competitive rate" mean when booking flights for academic travel?
Asking about the status of paper you refereed?
Decline for and reapply next year?
Should the Advisors and PIs always be a coauthor?
What does assigning the copyright of a paper mean?
Should you talk about your other research areas in a tenure-track job talk?
How are DOIs managed for ongoing time-series?
Is it unethical to send unofficial feedback to authors of a paper which I declined to review due to conflict of interest?
Showing figures from a paper in presentation
The advantage of EPS over PDF? And why so many journals ask for EPS alone?
What to do with research results while being in high school?
Does it make sense to get a PhD if a person does not want to be in academia and prefers to stay in business?
Propose modifications to a travel arrangement to visit graduate school
Ethics of not referencing StackExchange in a publication?
Is doing a PhD a good way to develop a deeper understanding of quantitative finance and statistics?
Do research grants from USA governmental agencies (e.g. NSF, NIH, DOE, etc) require that all of the PIs be affliated with a university?
Why don't Universities provide staff/post-graduate with stationery?
Proper notation to represent a set containing sequences of numbers for scientific papers?
ACM-IEEE Proceedings publication notification (2015)
Refworks Bibliography Output Style Choice, for Springer?
A single definitive paper, or an initial manuscript and a followup?
Speech disabilites for PhD admission for international applicants
Do professors get paid for supervising students?
Using fragments of online images in a paper
Is there a branch of sociology that deals with nutrition and active lifestyles?
Humanities - taking a year off between PhD completion and academic job
What is the value of participating in proposal-writing efforts, for a postdoc researcher?
What do you need to work in administration at universities?
Meeting with professors in other universities
Ramifications of withdrawing publication offer (question from student editor)?
What do I do as a depressed and incompetent TA?
What can cause a delay of several weeks between an editor receiving reviews and you receiving a response from the editor?
Applying for a second masters thesis oriented
Are undergraduate journals a good choice for publishing papers?
What problems are caused by pedagogical blogging about a class?
Do I add an acknowledgement upon initial submission? (to an anonymous review)
Does having a more successful professor write your letter of recommendation improve your chances of having your application accepted?
Hypothesis formulation
What should I do if I uploaded my manuscript in arxiv and plan to pass it on a peer reviewed journal?
Is the status of conference publications in Computer Science really absolutely unique?
How do we prevent a professor from releasing our class project as his own research?
How do I give credit to some image I included in my paper?
What is the purpose of an e-book with random verbatim abstracts pulled from journals?
What should I do as a teaching assistant when I find cheating behavior from actual grading?
How to request that collaborators add my supervisor's name to a manuscript
PhD theses in mathematics with no "big" results or no results at all
Subjects lectured per week
How to do a good job of undergraduate advisement?
Reports arising from math workshops
How detailed should I be about my implemented system while writing a Ph.D. thesis?
I am a student of high potential but not great on paper, how should I go about transferring to a university more at my level?
How do people in academia know whether their research, result, theorem or thesis is original work?
Is It appropriate to put code in slides for a technical presentation?
Should I put future talks on my CV?
How do withdrawn courses in my transcripts affect my PhD admissions application?
How are textbooks meant to be referenced?
Can I hide my bachelor and master degrees in CV when I apply for a PhD position?
Value of listing OEIS contributions on an academic CV
How do I cite or reference code that has not been officially published?
Regarding co-authorship for a research paper
How to integrate partial version control, data exchange and research assistants?
Do the reviewers ask the authors to send their programming codes for the paper?
Is it possible to claim my Elsevier submitted papers on my ORCID publication list?
How to format code for IEEE Journals
Does going to a graduate school with less prestige than your undergraduate school hurt you?
I'm the only grad student who wasn't asked to write a tenure recommendation for my advisor. Should I be concerned?
'Read before The Royal Statistical Society ' What does it mean?
Should editors and reviewers be listed alongside authors, to give them credit?
Accidental Researcher
How to target possible authors? Ethics of increasing the visibility of open access journals
How to cite in-text same source multiple times (chicago style)?
Best practices when hosting visiting speaker (especially with the questions part of their talk)
Which of the items below are worth mentioning in my admission documents?
Is it acceptable to solicit answer from university?
If one got good feedback from a double-blind review, is it ever possible/ justifiable to find out who the reviewer was?
Is there a research exchange program for postdocs between UK and worldwide universities?
How much should poster/talk prizes be spread at a symposium?
How to deal with graduate school rejection and overall academic failure?
When does it make sense to send more inquiries asking about review progress to PLoS ONE?
Feedback for a student showing improvement
1-year professional masters at excellent school or 2-year research-oriented masters at great school?
Discussing finances with advisor: Am I being selfish?
Studying for a master's in Computer Science after a bachelor's in Physics
Recommended citation for own photograph
Proper citation for industry resource
How to cite a source that has vanished due to link rot?
How many research papers are downloaded by each major economic sectors?
How to negotiate multiple tenure-track offers
What to do if a class is taught by unengaged prof, untalented TAs, unpredictable exams and unfocused study material?
Why are some good math journals not indexed by Thomson Reuters?
Universities offering PHD in Economics or CS without requiring a masters degree
how to find highly cited articles in journals with low impact factor?
Should a letter of recommendation be customised for each university when applying for a masters program?
Establishing the list of authors for a comprehensive/review (conference) paper
Letter of Rec. for future University application
Navigating the Thorny Issue of Receiving Job Offers While in a PhD Program
Interviewing for a PhD with intent to reject the offer if admitted elsewhere
Has there ever been a successful copyright infringement suit against someone using a small amount of a protected work in an academic publication?
Is development research?
How to approach a Book Review Editor
Job application with contradicting/invalid student feedbacks as supportings
What is a reasonable number of grad schools to apply to for a PhD in computer science?
Deciding when to quit a PhD and the implications involved in further graduate education
When is the typical end of interview invitations for faculty positions?
Interviewing at nth choice school after being accepted to first choice school
What does "Awaiting Reviewer Scores" mean within the context of a ScholarOne submission system?
Is it correct to refer to a neurosurgeon with many scholarly publications as a "scientist"?
Impact of student suicide on PhD advisor’s tenure prospects
How do I know if I am truly prepared for graduate school in mathematics?
Duration of courses: hours to weeks and self-study time
Can I pursue a Master's in the USA in software engineering after a Bachelor's in IT in Nepal?
Would it be ethical to resubmit a research paper to a different conference, when the original venue gave false informations?
Does an acceptance of an abstract mean that I will definitely be presenting at the conference?
What to do with an overtly exasperating colleague in computer science?
How could publishers, in particular disreputable ones, prove that you “signed” a copyright agreement?
Google Scholar - how to make English profile name show same citations as Cyrillic alphabet search results?
How to address a professor that makes offensive comments (that they don't realize are offensive)?
Rejecting a PhD offer after having accepted it. Advice?
Mature PhD Project Application - How are these received?
Convince professor to allow submitting paper?
Is it permitted to cite works by members of my own family, in classwork?
How to professionally interact with a famous scholar (e.g. asking for a photo from a Nobel laureate)
Is "I don't have enough funding" the most popular phrase used as hint for rejection
What should a student do immedately after he or she is accepted into a graduate program
Is it fair to blame authors for exorbitant book costs?
How should I handle students who ask questions that are "beyond the scope of the course" as a TA
Another instructor is pushing me out of the classroom right after my class ends
How to do evaluation when the methodology is unique?
Should researchers disclose their political interests in publications?
Should one offer to take over a lecture that the lecturer is struggling to teach?
Can I use map, fold, filter in publications?
Are doctoral programs in the USA like a Masters leading into a PhD?
Research on pedagogical benefit of lab reports at the graduate level?
Are faculty positions more competitive than government research lab positions?
How would we identify a better measure of academic productivity?
Can i shift my subject from Chemistry to IT
How can international students improve chances of getting into top US/UK schools
How to cite my earlier paper which is submitted to the same conference?
How to be a cultural representative as an academic?
On-campus vs Online master's degree
How to set bibliographic entry to display author only when applicable?
How to stand out in math graduate school admissions
Should I review a paper that violates the maximum length limitation?
Leaving academia - what to do with the personal website?
How to avoid sleeping in lectures?
What is the role and format of the qualifying exam in CS/ECE programs where the exam is not in the form of a comprehensive written exam?
How big are Mathematics research projects usually?
Is it a good idea to leave a PhD program for another one in a better school after two years?
Why are there so many awards in academia in the US compared with academia in France?
How much reputational value is added to a journal by being indexed in various abstracting and indexing (A&I) databases?
Can abuse break a genius?
Largest PhD programs in mathematics
How can PhD student repair relationship with supervisor after PhD student engages in independent research without supervisor?
Is joining a lab that publishes infrequently, but in high impact factor venues, bad for academic career?
Sourcing lecture notes instead of publications
Having a co-author as an external examiner for doctoral thesis defense
Must graphs in a mathematical PhD thesis be drawn nicely?
What, if anything, obligates a student to work with an advisor who lobbied for him/her to get funding?
What are the health impacts of standing / sitting while lecturing?
Advice for writing Lab Manuals for undergraduate students
Is it possible to teach without a PhD?
Are you required to declare past conflicts of interest?
Is there a lack of oversight of how professors interact with students?
TA-ship requirement for funded international applicants
Equal author contribution
Submission paper to a journal with no reply
Is it worth seeking disability accommodations if I get good grades anyway?
What do I do if my part-time master's program is changed to full-time?
How to deal with a professor skipping his office hours?
Should a professor discuss his/her reviews (given by students) in class?
Ethics of "recycling" assignments
How long does it take to get a reply to your PhD application email in Germany?
How can I convince the university to apply security upgrades to the online learning system?
Course load expectations for teaching track and how to negotiate for courses
What makes a stellar undergraduate thesis?
How do I turn the acceptance offer down gently?
In a manuscript, how do you know when you need to source the brand and location for materials?
Updated title of arxiv not recognised by Google Scholar?
What is arXiv.org for? Should I upload my unpublished, but submitted manuscripts there?
No reply from potential supervisor of my dreams: is it OK to try meeting them in person?
As a TA, how should I address the professor's difficult curriculum?
Measuring Learning outcomes
Employer contributions deducted from quoted salary—is this normal?
Convert Spanish grades to English scale?
What to do when professor is not responding to emails or calls and his action is required to commence a masters thesis?
Does wearing a university t-shirt imply that the wearer is affiliated with the university?
Professor doesn't tell TAs what should be on exams until the day of the exam
Undergraduate and Masters degrees in the UK before PhD. Why do they last so little time?
Difference between HS & college math teaching
Is there any ethical issue which prevents me from paying high quality authors monetary compensation, to agree to write papers with me?
What power do student councils typically hold? And what role do they have?
Is it ethical to host ads on an institute provided homepage?
What is the notation for inserting algorithms in scientific papers
What percentage of applicants on a wait list for masters program generally get accepted?
Why are Macbooks so ubiquitous in Science, if they are status symbols
When should I publish in interdisciplinary versus subject-specific scientific journals?
Amusing remarks in papers
What is the difference between a "research plan" and a "research proposal"?
Problem with my Professor
Tips on organising the survey of a large body of literature
Citing a revision of a 2nd edition book
Can my PhD thesis supervisor be a reviewer for my paper?
What is a 'Master's by Research'?
Will uploading a half completed paper to Arxiv hurt my chances of getting admitted to a grad school?
Do professors procrastinate?
Creative way to kick off a talk?
Is it Customary Under Certain Circumstances to Provide Personal Information on one's Academic Website?
Cons of putting accepted paper on arXiv?
Should I resubmit a modified computer science conference paper to a journal?
Is the ETH Zurich part of the University of Zurich?
What questions should I ask when I visit labs for potential post-doc employment?
Are there any negative consequences associated with asking your former advisor about the status of a joint paper collaboration?
Are you allowed to copy text from your Master's thesis into your PhD thesis?
Choose people or topic preference for PhD?
what does [citation] mean in google scholar search results?
In a PhD dissertation, can one copy the structure of the acknowledgment section from their own or from someone else's prior work?
How do I get mathematics recommenders out of undergrad?
Where to publish (recreational) mathematics without a PhD?
How does Stephen Hawking conduct his research?
What are the best tips for developing a framework to write a (systematic) review paper?
Is it common to cite conference papers in a PhD?
Is there any difference between PhD and D.Tech?
How are trustees chosen?
How to cite earlier work, discovered only at the end, that claims similar results to a recently completed project?
How to find possible donors?
Should I define two essential terms in abstract?
How to make a connection with academics on Linkedin that they would accept?
How to improve my capacity to follow my advisor's instructions during research?
Collaboration tool for students and teachers
How do professors interpret normally distributed midterm or final exam scores?
When is it okay to ask your advisor solution to a technical problem?
Are professors generally straight forward about admission decisions?
How to quote a non-English quotation in dissertation?
How would one fail a master thesis defense?
About Appliying for MSc Program
Is it ethically unsound to accept a graduate admission offer then later withdraw?
IEEE-format author line when one author is "Senior Member" and another is unaffiliated with IEEE
Is it realistic to continue academic career if a supervisor is a sophist?
Switching tenses?
Lack of team support in post-PhD Mathematics career
Are PhD students allowed to use funding for a custom office setup?
Is publishing a journal article covering failed attempts a good idea?
Is it wrong to leave Ph.D program after MS?
Master thesis: should I say that some results are a novelty in the field?
Help me choose section title
KAU is accused of hiring well-known professors to boost university rankings by adding affiliation. Is it ethical to accept this kind of offer?
What is behind the "Indian Undergrad Research Experience"-spam?
How to represent and cite a patent using BibTeX?
Benefits of Academic Research
If you work at a university and take courses, is the degree the same?
How are TT candidates measured with different number of postdoc years?
When applying for a phd, does a hiring committee cares about winning in various programming/data-mining contests?
What are the benefits of PhD students working on projects where they won't be first-author?
Big switch of field (from synthetic biology to cosmology) of research from PhD to postdoc?
What is the best course of action when approached by predatory publishers?
What are "all the rights and privileges pertaining thereto"?
Should I change “colour” to “color” when incorporating a Canadian article into an American book?
H-index: Any quantitative (or other) measures on how well h-index actually measures scientific productivity?
How do I turn down an internship offer by a professor because I have a better offer in a corporate research lab?
Should I give partly score of my English certification in my CV?
How bad is a B+ for master's application?
Is there some generally academic accepted categorization of subject areas and subject categories?
What to do in the summer if math REUs reject me? Should I still apply to grad school?
How to cite papers where the names are sorted?
Research on relationship between how an instructor is addressed and students' evaluations of that instructor?
How should I list the conferences and courses I attend as an undergrad student to my CV?
How to integrate a paper where I am third author, but did a lot of work, into my master's thesis?
Is regional accreditation important for a masters degree?
Is it OK to mention dreams and future plans for a specific company in my SOP when applying for master's degree?
Tenure vs nontenure jobs
Working on multiple research projects as an undergraduate with different professors
When is it appropriate to request more effort from a co-author on a funded project?
Editor's mail with no reviewer's comment
Accepting a PhD offer from my tutor's/adviser's "rival"?
How to calculate the rate to pay a recruiting agency for new students?
Whether to ask journal editor to review two papers simultaneously because the papers are mutually dependent on each other?
Is copying equations plagiarism?
If a reference is applying for the same position, are they obligated to inform you?
How accurate are published papers?
What are the best criteria to take into account when creating groups of students, to maximize their efficiency?
Optimize lab report grading rubric to minimize grading time
What is the etiquette for thesis acknowledgements that thank God?
Should I use fancy paper for non-resume application materials?
Examples of research resources for which Wikipedia is known as being amongst top referrers?
Programming languages in computer science / applied math academic journals
I keep forgetting what I've learned. Should I even consider pursuing advanced degree in math?
Is Research Fellow a gender-neutral term?
Where do researchers get the money to replicate others' work?
Getting article type information [New Result / Confirmatory Result / Contradictory Result] from bioRxiv
Who is the copyright holder of a PhD thesis published in ProQuest?
What is proper author order when you write paper based on colleague's work?
Inquiring about PhD status and mentioning standing offers
Is it common for people in academia to experience prolonged lack of sleep and how to deal with it?
Can you do a post graduate in Math(or some other hard sciences) if you major in a soft science?
How to find exercise problems as a graduate student?
The review results for my journal paper submitted to the special issue of a reputed journal is 45 days overdue. Is it normal and what should I do?
How to respond to exploding PhD job offer in Europe
Are there formal or informal hiring bans in some academic settings based on gender and/or nationality?
What qualities are organizing committees looking for in a reference letter for a summer school?
How to write teaching philosophy and research statement?
Is it unwise to start a Ms/PhD program without a stipend - will it upset professors if I leave with a masters to apply to funded programs?
What type of gift could I give to my PhD advisor?
How to cite a section of a wikipedia article?
What are some formal methods in measuring socio-economic impact or broader impact of research topic or individual research papers?
Where to find latest videos of colloquia or other talks in your field?
Ask an expert in your field that you have never met to write a reference letter?
What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised?
Does posting a paper on an online forum establish priority?
What reference style is this?
Should I quote Wikipedia if I can't rephrase it?
What should I do if I cannot accept any of the hypotheses in a replicated experiment?
Can I apply for MS in software engineering in USA from a non CSE background?
Is it inappropriate to share journal article reviews?
How to refer in an acknowledgements section to a group of people in industry who helped you in completing your thesis?
How to contact the professor again?
How to use international experiences for a US faculty position?
When to get a doctors note if I might have to miss an exam?
At what stage in academia are you most likely to suffer a mental breakdown?
Can I thank websites that host illegal book downloads in the acknowledgements section of my thesis?
Does consistency in how my name is presented/abbreviated as author on a publication matter?
When should a faculty candidate notify schools about a competing offer?
How often do Ph.D. holders hold faculty positions in different, but related, fields from their Ph.D.?
Is there a preferred citation style for computer science papers?
What do search committees really read in a CV during initial screening for a faculty position?
Supervisor announced he's going to present my work without asking permission, how can I get credited without damaging my career?
If I buy a research article, will I get any potential retraction statement or erratum free of charge?
In the US, if I cannot finish my PhD in 5 years, will I lose my stipend and have to pay for my own living costs?
What to put at the end of a paper?
Boxplot whiskers for a journal publication using APA style guide
The correct & acceptable phrase to indicate that some papers are very likely to be accepted
What is the exact meaning of a deadline for conference paper submission?
Advice and etiquette for building up collaborations
How to make good use of a small startup fund?
How do people changing fields after PhD overcome competition with "locals"?
Does authorship matter when applying for academic jobs?
Do you contact the search chair before applying for a position?
Difference between publishing textbooks and publishing research for acquiring tenure
It is possible to get Arxiv article metadata from its article ID?
Withdrawing from PhD with or without a Master Degree
Referencing figures or tables in discussion section?
What exactly does a citation alert from Google scholar mean?
Issues when splitting one long paper into two papers
Understanding an advisor’s refusal of an internship
Should cheating be expected to be more common in Universities in India, and if so, how could any provided credentials be evaluated for authenticity?
For what reasons is a class expunged instead of dropped?
After emailing a professor and getting no response from him, how long should I wait before sending a second email?
Quitting after 5 years - miserable and depressed
The effect of a PhD on a student's interest in pursuing a career in academia
Can I refuse a stipend during a PhD program?
Part-time PhD workload compared to part-time undergrad workload
What is a social strategy I can use to respond to "How's your PhD going?"
Does one always have to present new results when publishing a paper?
Are there any trustworthy Mathematics fee-based open access journals?
Some metric to find research project for PhD program which lead me to kick the start-up after PhD
Should I apply for a PhD position with required programming skills which I do not have?
How to deal with different stylistic advice from two professors/institutions
Developing meta-cognitive and emotional skills during PhD?
Is it okay to work in different lab during Summer?
When graduated and thinking hard problems by own, how to get help on hard parts?
What should the chemist who synthesized a drug expect regarding coauthorship of papers on clinical trials?
How can I be a good reviewer?
How to balance trying hard in a Master's program with stress of working too hard and not having a life?
Accepted into university for MS in CS but rejected by professor for research
How should a mathematics major choose between doing a Masters or PhD?
Math paper with no "Conclusions"
How should a social scientist deal with envy of disciplines that are more quantitatively rigorous?
How do you organize your research?
If you make a substantial contribution should you be given the opportunity to satisfy the other requirements for authorship?
Changing field from Computer Science to Philosophy
Alternatives to Word/LaTeX
Does job experience matter for graduate school admission?
Do I have the legal right to demand information on plagiarism of my work from another university?
Live Lecture Technology
I graduated last year and my advisor passed away unexpectedly soon after. What should I do now for subsequent academic job searches?
No response from summer school. Should I email?
Reflecting bad experience with previous graduate program in statement of purpose
Phd after a master's in pure mathematics
Is there such thing as "paper dump conference"? If yes, what actually is it?
How can I approach my professor when he is sending me indirect messages with another person?
How to find DOI for article in JSTOR?
What are the chances of getting into a PhD program in math after other pursuits in life?
Difference between "referee" and "reviewer" in the context of journal manuscript review?
Can a graduate student with deficiencies get an assistantship for the needed undergraduate courses?
Does an unpublished document you upload to ResearchGate count as prior publication when submitting to a journal?
Measure quality of new born major
Elsevier open-access fee waived for subscribers?
How to ensure committee reads and comments on dissertation draft prior to final examination?
Are colored in-text citations against APA6?
Should I feel bad for applying to two postdoc positions?
Can someone with only a bachelor's degree teach at a community college?
How do you acknowledge the useful comments left by the reviewers invited by a journal that rejected your paper?
With a background in mathematical finance and desire to apply for a mathematics PhD in another field, do I need a second master's?
IEEE and ACM gives very different results
IEEE Style for Number Array
What is the typical PhD application procedure in the US?
Is it legal to upload CC BY papers to academia.edu? Terms of Use are vague on this
Is there a maximum duration for an MS in Germany, and are there allowances for medical leave?
Should you correct grammar mistakes during peer review?
Grades in a PhD program
Sensible measures to ethically use freely available, but personal web-based comments in research?
Academic Amnesty-vs-Transferring: how does each affect graduate school admission?
Reply to a professor who said no open position BUT admired the work
Journal rejects my conference-to-journal extension, saying it's copied from previous publication. What should I do?
Is it appropriate to register a girlfriend with "companion registration" for an academic conference?
Is there anywhere I can find reliable reviews of popular textbooks?
Where can I search for researchers in a specific field by location
Should I review for a new journal whose publisher is unjustifiably listed in Beall's list of predatory publishers?
How can I show local universities that I am someone they will want to hire in a few years?
What can a student do if a professor makes special allowances for one student in a course?
PhD dissertation different from master thesis; What might I be able to do about methodology?
What is common in most PhD application procedures in the UK?
Proof for seemingly obvious statements in thesis?
Will the origin of anecdote in paper violate double-blind policy?
Should I contact the editor-in-chief about a senior editor's lack of communication?
How marketable is a BS in Economics for different Masters degrees?
My paper was under review for two days and now is 'Awaiting AE Recommendation'. What does this indicate?
What to do when university has not yet reimbursed travel costs for a job interview?
Following up with professor after PhD rejection
Strategies for reviewing a paper that has non-English references
How to express an ongoing PhD degree in suffix
Let the second author to go to the conference instead of the first author who also wants to go
Is it okay to incorporate a block of citations from a review paper into my own paper?
How to write a good paper review?
How common is spousal hire (academic or non-academic) in the Australia/New Zealand system?
How should I cite a publication where the author(s) are anonymous (but the organization is not)?
Questions to speaker per Smartphone in University lectures
How to locate most important literature in an unfamiliar area
How do I convince my school to allow me to double major?
Proper procedure when promised funding not given to Ph.D. graduate student
How to remind a professor about sending papers to read?
Is it normal to find unknown work during peer-review process?
Is my GPA good enough for top-tier graduate schools?
How to convert Australian grade to US GPA?
Is there an informal understanding at universities about PhD student funding?
Is it possible to keep one published paper in two persons thesis?
Thanking fellow PhD students in a paper
Is it normal to be stopped from doing experiments for months due to "equipment malfunctioning" during masters?
Standard method for showing changes made to a LaTeX manuscript
Mandatory army service in the middle of PhD, will it be possible to finish PhD under these conditions?
How to cite a statement that cites several other sources?
Should I disclose my mental illness and medication in a PhD position interview?
Two professors want me to work at their labs, and I'd rather work with one of them than the other
Where does the US Department of Education report university graduation rates?
verbally accepted offer; got a second interview call
Freedom of Information (FOI) requests: multiple questions or single question per request?
Can a professor influence the graduate admissions committee if he or she is interested in a particular student?
Is it ok to mention assistance in grant writing on your CV?
How do I tell my supervisor his idea is incorrect?
What are author and journal rights after a article submission?
One of the coauthors withdraws their authorship after submitting a paper
What's the best way to present regression results in a conference?
Does giving compliments to the fellowship help?
Contact potential thesis advisor with no topic in mind
How should I cite two different translations?
I am re-taking the 4th semester. How does that look in the eyes of a graduate school admission committee?
Is it reasonable and ethical to apply for two PhD positions with two different professors at the same faculty and the same institution?
Should a PhD Supervisor have a PhD in the same research subject, as the PhD student?
Which tense to describe the analysis on a dataset?
Can I hide the fact that I dropped a PhD program when I apply for another PhD?
Doing a PhD in physics after doing bachelors and masters in mathematics
Is the PNG file format acceptable for academic papers?
What questions to prepare for PhD defense?
What percentage of PhD candidates drop out in computer science?
Mentioning a published paper from a current team member in a PhD letter application
Is there any system that enables online office hours?
In my first year of a research postdoc in math, I think I may want a teaching-only career. How should I prepare for the job search?
German postdoc salaries (TV-L E14)
When a Tenured Professor colludes with a friend to harass an undergraduate out of the dept
Applying to Math PhD programs with an math degree completed online
Does doing poorly in a course hurt my chances of getting into grad school?
Is it advisable to talk about "learning things I don't know in the field" as one of the plans for future in statement of intent?
Thesis writing style: when to italicize?
Is the Encyclopedia for Life Support Systems (EOLSS) a legitimate source?
Academic writing software
How can I politely tell a professor that I'm too busy to do research with him this term?
Is it acceptable to ask a professor who is not your supervisor to give you M.S. thesis topic?
How should you refer to yourself in a paper?
Is it acceptable to ask another faculty member from different department to review my paper prior to submission to a journal?
Can research papers postulate a theory without proof or assurance of correctness?
Should interviews be arranged by less-preferred schools first?
As a postdoc, how to deal with supervisor who keeps trying to involve my student in other projects?
Section name for class project reports, theses, short essays
Publishing a non-invalidating comment to a recent paper- should I contact the original authors if I know them?
Do academics get bored of research?
What should I put in the "about me" section of an academic job talk?
Is a Graduate Performance Diploma considered an academic degree for purposes of PhD admissions or faculty job search?
What license to choose for a model which we will freely distribute?
Sponsoring a non-academic collaborator to attend a conference
A potential collaborator applies for a grant on his own: what should I do?
After an unsuccessful application for a permanent academic position in the UK, should I call and ask details about the selection procedure?
Does any publication venue make rejected papers available for download?
Can an extended journal version of a conference paper include different list of co-authors?
Can an extended journal version consist of more than a conference paper?
Bad signs in a department for PhD
How can I get into computer science research as a high school student?
How to list online publications (e.g. blog posting, etc.)?
Why is an academic CV not the place to sell?
Uploading papers on sites such as Academia.edu - copyright issues/author copy
Should I apologize to my professor for not attending a lecture?
Why are the acceptance rates for publications in subfields higher than others?
What do the anglo-saxons use as "soggettario"?
How can Springer and Wiley put a 12 month embargo on posting post-review revisions to the arXiv and similar?
Technical editor changed author order of the paper
Using my university email address as correspondence address to apply for PhD positions in the same university
Students working on lab software
When to book a flight for a faculty interview?
How to book a flight for faculty interview with no knowledge of available budget?
How to narrow down focus in humanities/social sciences?
How to present work that includes replicating results of another study?
Listing Awards on CV as a Group?
Fraudulent credentials
Do short journal papers ("brief reports") count less than regular papers in psychology?
I won't be applying for master's programs until next year. Should I start studying for the GRE now?
Is it ethical to use past years' final exams that the professor hasn't explicitly given, to study for a final in the same class?
Mentioning times cited, F1000 citations in CV?
Ph.D. in engineering after Ph.D. in mathematics
what is the best email type to request for Phd position
Are there any databases for PhD dissertations?
What to do with a new mathematics conjecture?
European Ph.D. student salary range web site
strategy to divide the class of large number of students
An outline slide in a lecture?
How to build bridges between mathematicians, computer scientists and biologists?
Should those more interested in research choose a postdoc or teaching position?
Life Hacks: Teacher Edition!
Is it a good idea to take a break from studying a mathematics PhD and then considering revisiting academia at a later stage?
Should non-talk slides be included in the handout?
Theorem & Lemma In Short (arXiv Version) and Extended (Peer-Reviewed Version) Papers
What kind of PhD proposals should I read?
Does one need a master's in math before taking a PhD in pure math?
Can I enroll to graduate school (PhD) in Germany?
Is there any way to only do research after getting a Ph.D.?
CV heading to include participation in scientific/organization commitees?
Is it possible to order individual academic journals?
Admission to Ph.D. program at U.S. university without guaranteed funding
As a Ph.D. advisor, how do you feel about taking on students with diagnosed depression or bipolar disorder?
Did MSCA supersede MCA or do both still fund new projects?
Are multiple PGCE required to teach multiple subjects in the UK?
What other academic disciplines aside from literature can a writer who hates mathematics specialize in?
Should Ph.D. students interested with research remain as research assistant until they find a research position or just find any job?
How can a distance education student get a copy of the lecture notes?
Lack of mathematical training for a CS Ph.D
What contributions from your advisor must you specifically acknowledge in your dissertation?
Is the distinction between qualitative and quantitative methodology still significant today?
Which one is more beneficial, working independently or collaborating with other researchers?
Why the scholarship deadline extended?
Should an application for a second postdoc position include a reference to PhD supervisor?
How to reference "letters of gratitude" on the CV?
I found a trove of Computer Science Masters thesis unprotected on a respected uni's website
Puzzled with "Paper not suitable for this journal" decision for applied mathematics paper
How should a university deal with outsourced essay writing?
Going to a lower-ranked school for better advisor fit
Letters of Recommendation - Duration Etiquette
How should a university non-academic employee's affiliation be like?
What to do about fee from publisher for withdrawing unpublished accepted manuscript?
When should I ask questions about a paper?
Relation between subscription fees and adminstrative costs
Listing rank of prizes on CV
Disclosing hidden disability to employer
Can a professor shout at a student?
"I am looking for a job" on a student website, a good thing or a desperate sentence?
Referee reports not coming
Appropriately thank a supervisor for giving you a chance when you actually failed?
Just got tenured and promoted, but need to move for family reasons
Why add a minor to a PhD?
About assistant professor job postings with no set deadline
Is it possible transfer from a MS program into a PhD program within the same school?
What if a conference is not ranked but IEEE sponsored
Do Indian journals represent the quality of Indian universities?
Should I keep all my .bib files in a single folder, or one with each .tex file?
How does publication month and number of citations to a paper correlate?
What should I do if I want to withdraw my paper from a journal but they ignore my request?
Is it acceptable to include footnotes in mathematical proofs?
Do I need second master's degree or not?
What is the difference between literary review and abstract
To what extent is reviewing work beneficial for young researcher's career?
How important are independent undergrad projects in grad school applications for CS?
How do universities verify qualifications?
Should referees assume that authors will see the full report if their paper is rejected?
What is the most effective way to negotiate for more time while waiting for other offers?
Do Academics use networking websites such as LinkedIn, ResearchGate, Academia.edu?
When is it appropriate to close your office door when meeting with a student?
Are there any actions professors can take online to contribute towards "service requirements"?
Do I need to request permission to cite a "personal communication" in a publication?
Tips for supervising interns
How to refer to an author whose last name can be confused with a pronoun?
Changing tactics when natural ability is reached?
Why do reviews of articles often start with a summary of the article?
What do I do if someone studied the same topic before, but did so inadequately?
How to receive email notifications of newly accepted papers in a specified set of journals?
How to write a paper with a parallel but non-trivial approach?
Doing PhD in math/physics after obtaining a bachelor degree in an unrelated field
What's the point of a MSc if I can just enroll in a PhD program?
Using movie clips in a conference presentation
What happens to summer salary funds if one has more than three months' support?
Recommendation letter from a supervisor after falling out
How can I tell a professor that I don't want to join his group? (science major)
Mathematical creativity: better a high profile or a "laid back" department?
Prof asked to interview me, now I can't get in touch with him - what's the etiquette?
Ethics of Accepting Unneeded Merit Based Scholarships
I'm affiliated with two universities: do I need ethics approval from both?
Do teachers/professors refer to each other by their titles?
The triangle problem
Will my paper be published?
Should I drop my paper after finding a recent very similar paper?
Most number of co-authors in a single paper?
APA subsequant citation for two different studies with same first author and same year
Why are some non-thesis MS or MA programs just called M?
How can I gain professional experience for PhD application all by myself?
Which publications actually count for tenure?
How long do I study on my own before applying to math grad school?
What is the average postdoctoral salary in China?
So what happened to Episciences?
Increasing chances of getting a research internship with no experience?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of doing a postdoc in Singapore and UK?
Can I ask a professor to do work for him/her during the summer as a form of an internship?
Honorific for someone who earned a PhD in philosophy itself?
What is the motivation for a graduate student to help to develop a professor's MOOC?
For government / industry research posters, should I include my university's logo?
How to find the ISBN from the DOI?
Is it a good practice to put the initial work and improved version (both published) in PhD thesis?
I am so tired and un-focused in my postdoc. Is quitting my position a good choice?
Are sub-reviewers of conferences paid?
Statistics for how many different authors post on categories of the arXiv
Referencing: Which one is more ideal? (cite as from cited or direct cite)?
Is it possible to find out which author got the most citations in a specific scientific discipline?
Can referees publish in the journals they are responsible in?
Why are US PhDs different from European PhDs?
Experience with DeepDyve group plan?
Is the evaluation section of a paper a "contribution," if it only describes the performance of the proposed system with no novel ideas?
List of all the Universities/Colleges in USA
Could there be a problem with my PhD supervisor (lack of assertiveness, essentially a "yes woman")?
Using the same letters of Recommendation from previous admission cycle
Are programmers usually included as co-authors in psychology?
Is it plagiarism to reuse your own full-text material from a previous conference in a new conference?
Non-traditional graduate student?
is a 6 years Biology Degree comparable to a Master's Degree?
What is the best way to design a paper questionnaire to support scanning and converting to raw data?
About recommendation letters
How to keep track of deliverables for supervised students when you supervise many students?
Paper keywords: singular or plural?
How to write a survey paper?
Why do companies fund academic research?
What texts describe a desired behavior when a personal conflict could affect a professional decision?
How much travel is too much travel?
Style of inline citations (numeric)
Is it possible to get a PhD Degree in from USA or Europe after doing Masters from India
Is it legal to accept a later offer (e.g., came after 15 April), despite having previously accepted an offer from a university before 15 April?
Food for comprehensive or qualifying exam?
Is a MOOC "degree" worth putting on your resume?
Why do some universities charge an application fee?
What behaviors (desirable or not) are encouraged by an incentive system based on publication throughput?
How long to wait after sending an email to a professor before I should assume that I will never receive response?
Assessing the relevance of textbooks
What should I focus on before starting a research internship?
Is it ethical to accept masters admission from two different countries?
Is it acceptable to submit manuscript to new journal if the first journal provides no response, is unreachable, and might be fake?
How serious should I regard the "compliments" in an email denying my application?
Monolithic Reference Collection, vs Per Paper Reference Collection, or Both?
How should one react when one's work is rightfully critiqued during a conference presentation?
Are there studies testing whether academia rewards researchers based on number of publications?
Are co-authors able to view the submissions and status updates in the Evise paper submission system?
How to cite sources written in a different language than English?
Difference between paper and master thesis presentation
Lost my passion and interest in what I used to love
PhD requires technology - is this something I will have to fund?
What do I need to do as a potential mature student in the UK?
How many hours on an average do academics in business and technology spend consulting for businesses?
Are Honoris Causa degree worth as much as PhD?
I want to leave my tenure track position before fall. I have great prospects but no new position "locked up": when should I break the news?
Debating with a Professor During an Examination
Do I stand a chance in US universities? How can I ask for so many recommendation letters?
How to cite a book that has appeared in multiple versions/editions over the years?
Phd at same uni as MSc, possible offer but would like to change topic/group if possible
Are the contents of discussion between a University and a student private or public?
Why and how do professors go for sabbatical?
I want to transition from Mathematics to Computer Science for a PhD. Will post-baccalaureate studies in Computer Science help me?
How much administrative experiences help for a faculty appointment?
What is a diplomatic way to tell a professor that progress hasn't been made because of their lack of communication?
What to do when people in a research group use different programming languages for computation (e.g., Mathematica, Python, Matlab)?
which one have more importance to US PhD program ?TOEFL and GRE or publication records
How much is an editor paid?
How to teach my students to appreciate all fields of study?
Using harry potter in my Statement of Purpose
What can a student do regarding conflicting meeting times for desired courses?
Is it immoral to show new students how to use Wolfram Alpha?
Should someone excited about research but who really wants to earn lots of money do a PhD?
What is a good system for generating BibTeX reference keys?
Two concurrent different versions of a paper to journal and conference; do I need to paraphrase?
How detailed do I have to provide sources
How to specify Phi Beta Kappa membership?
Giving my article the same title as a published book by another author
How do I find a PhD research area that will be commercially viable?
Should I Address a Letter to "Professor" xyz when they are actually a "Lecturer in Discipline"?
Is it acceptable for professors to listen to music using headphones in the workplace when expecting student contact?
Can affiliated university claim ownership of ideas presented in your paper?
Data supporting educational entertainment media as an ineffective method to stimulate students to learn academic concepts outside of the classroom?
Guides for being an independent/freelance researcher?
What I should write to a professor to decline a PhD offer, while I have accepted it months ago?
Is there any funding opportunity for postdoc in US?
Is it possible to get application fee refunded from PhD programs that miss admission decision deadlines?
Do any legitimate conferences charge per publication?
How is tenure-track start-up in Europe?
Sending several PhD applications to professors in the same university?
How common and expected is it to have published papers or patents as a Master student in Europe?
Language requirements for postgraduate studies in UK and Canada?
the status "required reviews completed"
Are academic questions (used in textbooks etc.) owned by the publisher, or is anyone able to use them in their own content?
Transferring PhD Because of Visa Issues
How to write CPD for an academic?
When is it appropriate to contact the editor before submission to avoid rejection without review?
How can I best determine if a masters program is of high quality?
How to introduce terminology in an academic paper?
I have credits from three different graduate programs - can't i combine them into one degree?
Conference; withdraw submission before results notification
To whom is title "Professor Emeritus" given in the US?
How to cite a multi-part blog post with separate URLs for each part?
How to gracefully leave a research lab (due to major change)?
Lab computers: high end now or average system and repurchase in a couple of years?
How do graduate schools feel about a student not accepting an offer?
Acknowledging funding originally intended for another purpose
Reapplying for a PhD with a Master's degree
How to mention colleagues from work in my thesis
What are the restrictions placed by copyright laws on reuse of figures in dissertation defense?
How to use data from a colleague who retired in my thesis without commiting fraud or plagiarism
In places outside the US and Europe, how do I know if the standard is that one applies to a PhD program with a specific PhD advisor already in mind?
Should we keep our referees informed of our job application statuses?
Are search committees often interested in someone who will add to their department's expertise?
Can I put my accepted paper on arXiv before it appears on the proceedings
Assistant Professor vs Assistant Teaching Professor
Cons of graduating quickly
Add Everything to my Annotated Bibliography
What is a "professional student"?
Talks and Workshops at professional conferences like PyCon and various un-conferences
What are the pros and cons of coursework at the doctoral level?
Is membership in learned societies important in academic career?
Can postdocs get a funded position by direct contact?
How does being a postdoc work?
Is it considered rude to enroll at a funded conference and then retract your enrollment?
How to deal with the extreme social hierarchies in research meetings?
Another student used my completed work, what should I do?
Is it ok to use "and/or" in my dissertation?
Is it bad to apply to the same PhD program two years in a row?
How do junior professors build up a team of lab personnel?
Submitting future research plan when intending to leave
Should diacritics be kept when citing a paper written in an abundant diacritics Latin-based script language?
Paraphrasing and quantity of added material in an extended article
How should one acknowledge assistance received via sites like SE?
Is the prestige of a university correlated with how rigorous its undergraduate courses are?
What to do if the data in a paper you are reviewing is copied from another paper of the same authors which is supposed to be a different device?
Developing a work ethic, or learning/doing things you aren't interested in (prelim topics)
What GRE verbal score is needed for a non-native English speaker to get into math or applied math PhD programs in the USA?
Writing a paper from Master thesis, but not sure how to organize the paper or what to include in it
Is it ethical to apply to be a conference volunteer (with a registration fee waiver) if I have a fellowship?
Can I change my field for Masters?
UK visa for visiting position
How can I go about graduate school admissions? Lack of coursework, poor GPA
In computer science in the US, is there a bias towards hiring junior faculty straight from PhD programs?
How to find professional references?
Who decides whether to accept a paper: reviewers or the editor?
Is it valuable to present a paper at an international conference?
How long should you wait after submitting a revise and resubmit before you should contact the journal?
How to deal with important but lazy collaborators?
Should I ask for a confirmation of my interview if I answered late to the invitation?
Does one need a bachelor's in Math, if not a master's, before taking a PhD in Math in the US?
How to write a reference request for a candidate that I see unfit for the application?
How to write research results when some study participants dropped out?
What services would you recommend to ship belongings to graduate school beforehand?
What kind of video conference software do academics use?
Full scholarship and student advisor relationship
Where do you place the link to open data in a manuscript?
Can a scientist meaningfully be an author of more than 1000 papers?
How do I get out of my problem of not achieving results, feelings of worthlessness, guilt and rejection?
Is it ethical to present the same paper in two different conferences?
How can a full professor from a developing country get a job in the United States?
How do I get an email alert when my paper is cited?
Is it normal for a PhD program to retract or delay financial offer for international student?
'Etiquette' of including course lecturer as author in a paper
Should I submit a mixed theory-experimental paper to a computer science conference where most papers do not appear to include experimental results?
Why do companies sponsor academic conferences?
How long does it take a student to conduct undergrad research and then release a publication based off of that research?
Should I ask for co-authorship as an undergrad student?
What is equivalent degree of Masters by research degree in the USA?
Does one usually get a notification of receipt of a PhD application?
How do I judge the novelty of my paper in the area of algorithms and system design?
During the defense, how to prove the method I used in my master thesis is correct?
Is it possible for project grants to cover family visa fees?
Are politicians attempting to destroy tenure?
How has this decision affected my academic career? (1 year gap)
Is it possible to accrue vacation hours during graduate study as a research assistant (GRA)?
Publishing vs. putting work online under a free license
Paving one's way out of academia
When is it right to send an email when a conference misses its deadline?
How good do I actually have to be to get into a top graduate program from an average undergraduate program?
Do résumés written in LaTeX show more promise when applying to graduate schools?
Is it advisable in my case to take a second bachelor's degree?
Chances of research position in mathematics without going to a top graduate school?
What happens to a research group when a principal investigator (P.I.) dies? Is it common to have existing contingency plans?
Will my Professor tolerate this medical excuse again?
Do professors change their impression of a previously bad student?
APA citation: book versus electronic book
How does hiking in Himalayas show academic promise, as an admission criterion?
How to avoid plagiarism when you come up with an argument for a class paper and later discover that another author has the same argument?
Why do some mathematics professors teach more/less courses than others?
Are three year degrees from India equivalent to Four years degree in the US?
Why do undergraduate admissions in the U.S take into account nonacademic criteria?
Is Dean-hood largely irreversible, and if so why?
Is it appropriate to ask a Professor to write a recommendation letter for applying to another university?
Should a "good" Ph.D. student still get some strong supervision?
Why does grade inflation seem to be so severe in the USA?
Post-doc independent money/grant (astrophysics/computer science) in the US (travel expense/workshop)?
How can a researcher in his early career attract good PhD students?
Should an arXiv paper indicate the conference it was rejected from?
What happens when you terminate a UK Ph.D. in the second year?
Is my advisor right, am I a turn-off?
What do mathematics researchers do if they aren't good?
Plagiarism and academic dishonesty
How to reference a website article of discussion between two people, posted by a third?
Is a humorous "easter egg" in the academic homepage acceptable?
If you change your name while doing research, can you list both names on a publication?
How would I go about doing a PhD after an M.Eng in Biomedical Engineering?
Do non-Russian technical universities use Olympiad-style math/problem solving entrance exams?
Podcasts like Manager Tools/Career Tools, but for academics: Do they exist?
How to formally report database literature search results?
How detailed should my review of a very poorly-written manuscript be?
What counts as undergraduate research?
How can I switch from an MBA to a Masters program in a different subject?
Examples of a large-scale physics syllabus review
Is it acceptable to ask how a professor would like to be addressed through email?
“Authors Response” or “Authors’ Response”?
What is the difference between hypothesis, thesis statement and research goal?
Grading term papers and reports written by non-native speakers
How to search web for patents only?
Vague paper submission guidelines - can I use double column if not specified?
Is it possible that a school only has one student enrolled in a particular undergraduate degree program?
Why are some research papers scanned with OCR instead of actual PDF?
Part-Time PhD in the UK? How does this work?
After what period of time does a PhD position count towards the two possible attempts in Germany?
Do I have to prove all the theorems I mention in my paper?
How many and which references to own publications should be included in a research statement for post doc position?
What is done in a workshop? How does it differ from an academic conference?
Getting to assist in the course of your choice during TAship
What qualifications are required to teach undergrads at college level in the United States?
Does it make sense to list Ph.D.-level coursework in industry-focused CV?
Names in my language used in publications are inconsistant. Should I worry about it?
Email affiliation for an undergraduate student with a complex university address
Etiquette of introducing yourself to a professor
If transitioning into academic position, should I buy my PhD graduation cap and gown?
In performing a comparison, how can I get authors to actually respond to a request for source code?
Author without institutional or professional affiliation
Publishing with a master's degree and no academic affiliation?
How to reference a work that I refer to on multiple occasions?
Where can I publish corrigenda for a conference paper?
Is it okay to give a gift to my research mentor who happens to be the dean?
What to do when the reviewer of a conference submission provides very negative ratings and almost no comments?
Motivation for getting good grades in graduate school
What words to describe "revisions" and "resubmission" to distinguish revise and resubmit versus submission to new journal following rejection?
Is it okay to view my recommendation letter once I've been accepted at a college?
Awarding Habilitation to senior researchers?
What are we expected to do when citing literature?
Can you get a PhD based on work or life experience?
Is it ok to cite my own paper, currently in review, in my own thesis?
How often are results faked in computer science papers?
Discovered that my BA topic has been discussed thoroughly ...after i finished half of it. What to do?
Should my bachelor's degree match the graduate program that I am trying to get into?
How relevant is a candidate's BA institution when applying to graduate schools in the US?
What is understood under the term "application"? (Europe, Switzerland)
Will a publication in one subfield of my discipline help me get into graduate school in a different subfield?
Mentioning Professors in math PhD applications
Net salary for PhD in German university
Directly contacting a referee of my paper
How to submit errata when a coauthor disagrees
In computer science, what does winning a Sloan research fellowship say about an advisor?
Can someone who got GPA 3.7 apply for high ranked university with assistanship?
Should I focus on GPA or publishing (undergraduate)?
As a PhD student, is it worth spending time organizing a contest for a conference?
What's more important in choosing a PhD program, advisor or institution?
How does one properly indicate a translator's explanation of a word within a translated passage
Easier tracking of continuing professional development (CPD)
Transferring PhD programs because of location
Grad students/postdocs taking ideas with them, what's normal?
Organizing technical documents and reports
How can I thank/acknowledge people during a short presentation?
Do academics and graduate degree holders need to publish articles or books to be respected in their fields?
How early to apply for PhD's? (Europe)
IEEE vs ACM membership
A trivial correction to my currently-under-review paper - What to do?
Should you include uncited papers in your CV?
Efficient method to receive alerts for new publications
Should PhD students pay out of pocket for their PhD expenses?
Which type of paper is best for computer science, journal or conference?
Accepted letter for Ph.D. in February, but now they say they don't have funding!! Is that possible?
How to deal with papers/authors that provide no details of implementation?
Can the GRE Sub in Psychology compensate for my low GPA?
Should I notify the teacher that he accidentally gave out the answers to an assignment?
If my paper is accepted in a Springer journal, can I submit my version of the manuscript to arXiv immediately after acceptance?
How to prevent being intimidated by juniors in your group publishing before you
What is proper etiquette for college students needing to leave the lecture room for any reason?
Can I quote a full paragraph which contains some other citations?
How can people with debilitating social phobias get through foreign language?
A professor stole my dissertation topic. Now what?
Is reusing part of an internship report self-plagiarism?
Where to find successful proposals of previous ERC calls?
How to get the letter of commitment of the host institution for ERC Calls?
How conditional are conditional offers
Is it fair to offer students a last-minute extension to finish a test?
Etiquette for attribution when applying concepts in industry
How to set salaries in ERC proposals?
Which countries have funding opportunities like ERC Advanced Grant?
Estimate of travel expenses for a Colloquium abroad - what does this include?
Should I publish in a journal that appears on Beall’s list?
How to convert Italian grades to American and U.K system?
Is h-index important? Can h-index be used to classify yourself to know whether you are at a given academic rank?
What is the admissions process for top UK graduate programs? What is a considered competitve resume/application?
Authorship and reputation for British/Australian academic systems
What should I do If I find out that there is a typo (repeated many times) in a recently published paper of mine at Elsevier?
Is it bad to join the editorial board of a journal on Beall’s list?
Is Academia.edu useful?
How do you verify facts claimed by a deceased author?
Is Australian Business Deans Council Journal Quality List 2013 a good metric to ascertain journal quality?
How to write proper nouns such as company names whose spelling is nonstandard in reports?
Monochrome vs grayscale in scientific journals?
A Break after college , following your passion , going on the right path - the implications?
To resubmit a rejected paper or to choose another journal? How to decide?
Graduate school admission with a degree in a different field
Using a source and being unable to cite it
How to determine if a topic warrants a research paper?
Are lower case sub-headings a common formatting convention?
Enough for Grad School?
Is it okay to keep on updating a published paper online?
I was published in a journal on Beall's list - how bad is my mistake?
Does name of university matter for internships?
How do you explain your pure maths PhD?
Re-initiating the discussion with a seemingly busy Professor
Published and unpublished dissertation; DOI assignment
How should I start Undergraduate Research in Mathematics?
How should I thank this person who wrote a letter of rec for me (but to a different school than the one I'm attending?)
Does Hill University (USA) have legitimate accreditation?
Is it OK to select an editor if I solved his conjecture?
Does 'securing letters of recommendations' count as one of legitimate reasons of going abroad for one semester?
What are my chances of being accepted in a Ph.D. program with poor M.Sc. grades?
Are very small departments necessarily sub-par?
Submitting a paper to a journal: is it OK to indicate the Editor of that journal as a reviewer?
Is it appropriate to use a previous (recent) letter of recommendation for a different application?
Should a journal ever reveal the name of an anonymous reviewer?
How much effort do researchers take to publish their source code?
How to measure achievement in a field where large collaborations are normal?
Grad school, biology, funding?
Combining research related work and dissertation topic en route to PhD
Applying for second masters/Which GPA matters most?
Is the "meal plan" chiefly a North American thing?
Meaning of the term "studies leading to a degree"
Changing University in First year of Phd
How should I write an email asking about the status of my PhD application?
How to explain things in the motivation section of a mathematical paper without proper definitions?
Strategies to remember papers that you read
Can the university you work for or study at protect your identity by listing you under a pseudonym?
How to cite a google survey in an original paper?
Is it ethical to limit marks based upon past performance?
Should you include press interviews and articles about your work in your CV?
How do you present internal funding for facilities and staff in your record of secured funds?
What is a teaching prep in terms of teaching load?
How to best present a PhD application when moving from professional work without a masters or honours degree?
Could getting an MS in CS be bad for my career?
How to read a research paper with too many references to previous works?
What is "teaser image"?
Several questions about getting a master degree in mathematics in US
Should citations be included in funding applications
What do I do if there is an error in a figure in my not-yet-defended thesis?
Why are most papers not dated?
Does repeated retakes of a test with average score of all attempts allow manipulation?
Should one include grants that were not finished on the CV?
I want to apply for a Masters degree but have a low average, what can I do?
Does the choice of programming language affect paper acceptance in mechanical engineering?
Is Google Scholar reliable for reporting citations?
Is there Visiting Administrator in academia?
What is generally expected on language exams for humanities students?
Listing awarded grants not affiliated with a university research position on a CV
Deferring Admission to reapply for some PhD programs next year
What makes one fail a PhD viva?
PhD application denial - Is it usual to ask reasons/recommendations?
How many PhD programs does the average STEM applicant apply to in Europe (Germany, Austria, Switzerland)?
What is a good scheme to determine percentage contributions to a paper
How can I find journals in my field that do not charge author fees?
Can someone with a bachelor’s degree in political science and a Masters of Business Administration teach undergraduate courses in Political Science?
What to do if a discussion letter/paper is rejected because it's not an original research article?
Citing sources and the "Right to Publicity" (USA)
Is it appropriate to use active and passive voice together in abstract?
Is it true that a full Ph.D. is a disadvantage for technical positions in the private sector?
What does a PhD application rejection mean for other applications?
An invitation from a not-so-famous journal called "world biomedical frontiers" to feature my paper on their website
How can I effectively challenge a final grade?
Resources/methods to teach how to perform research logically
"Warning signs" that candidates should be aware of during an academic job interview
Taking a break between master’s and PhD in Physics
Why is it customary to call people with doctoral degrees doctors but not people with masters degrees masters?
In which case does PLOS ONE use a third reviewer?
Providing Students Formal Exam Feedback?
Is it possible to get into neuroscience PhD program without any research experience?
Collaborative paper-writing with non-LaTeX-using colleagues
How to answer to this polite, but strange request?
What to do when the claims in a paper are proven to be wrong?
Is it ethical for a Professor to disseminate wrong answers online?
When repeating a course, why are the grades averaged for GPA?
Thesis writing; bottom up vs. top down
What is the typical cost of Summer Course education in the US?
Are Visiting Assistant Professor salaries negotiable?
Using Others Work - To What Level Is It Okay?
What to do when completing a full-time masters by research, and a part-time job interferes with grades and progress?
I was caught cheating in my exam, how should I deal with it?
Do people say why they decline a paper review request?
Quitting Physics PhD to become engineer?
A professor may have stolen an idea I discussed with him: how to proceed?
Where to apply for MSc depending on GPA?
Consult on the submiting format of PNAS
Should I choose a research field that I'm not really good at, but have strong interest?
Reuse published images
Should a bachelor’s or master’s thesis include acknowledgements?
Using papers published before admission to partially fulfill PhD requirements
Meaning of undergraduate, graduate or post-graduate in US
How can someone achieve GRE waiver?
How to frame early university troubles related to mental illness when applying for masters program after more recent successes at university?
How to write PIs asking for PhD position?
Found an error in my published conference paper
What do people look for in a bioinformatics or genomics person for hiring?
Difference between UK honors and pass degree from Indian degrees
Publishing PhD Student's Provisional Report
Is it appropriate to discussed a proposed method in the literature review or in methodology chapter?
Whether to change supervisor in UK Masters degree when supervisor is not providing much feedback and says I can change supervisor if I want?
Should I use self-made animations in my scholarly presentations?
Where to submit an article exposing widespread fraud in academia?
Dealing with intern supervisor who underestimates my abilities
Converting a degree program to a non degree one
Does ORCID matter for a person who would like to work in academia?
Is it common for prestigious universities to contact you after you dropped out to see whether you wish to enroll again?
How do I properly cite the amount of times an article has been cited on Google Scholar?
Nontraditional summer employment for academics
Switching majors at a critical stage
Enroll in an online program such as Open University provides for PhD, or wait 5-10 years and enroll at a 'normal' school?
Is it possible to submit a paper to a scholarly, peer-reviewed journal without PhD and get it accepted?
Bonus Quizzes to entice students to read their syllabus?
How to export references from Endnote web to Endnote X5?
How do I correctly cite the C++ standard or its drafts?
Should PhD students mention small grants on their CV?
Can I submit a non-research "article" on ArXiv?
Changing majors for masters degree specifically in Europe
Author wants to withdraw or insist on re-reviewing at proof stage of publication
Online recommendation for an applicant who is not the recommender's student
What is the difference between permanent faculty positions in the UK and tenured faculty positions in the US/Canada?
Filing a patent before collaborating with industries?
How to make my Thesis supervisor aware of my Visa issues?
Including my institution in a research paper
Dropped out of maths PhD - options for later on?
What effects (if any) do audited undergraduate courses have on graduate admissions?
Should I choose the same editor for two papers?
What is the best way to decline an interview after applying for it?
Can I have external people proof-read texts from teammates in a group project?
Applying to several faculty positions within the same institution
Is it plagiarism/OK if I use big parts of someones literature review for the introduction section of my paper?
How to handle letters of recommendation requirements in this situation?
How to write and publish a literature review
Paper got rejected, should thank original referees when sending it to another journal?
Is it unethical to cite a paper or book that you have never looked at?
How should I email a group member from an international group in my area that I previously worked with?
How do I deal with an advisor who's biased and doesn't give you time?
How do different National Labs "compare?"
Interview for postdoc position in mathematics
Do I need to check references of the paper with cross checking softwares?
Why are cumulative tests typically weighted so high (U.S.)?
14 months waiting for first review time to go elsewhere?
At what point can I call my professor by their first names as an undergraduate research student?
Proper "notice period" for resigning a tenure track position?
Interpreting academic applications' timeframe requirements
Changing careers to teach Mathematics
PhD scholarship in nanoporous material; how to advertise?
Legality of universities posting sections of books online
What are reasonable alternatives to changing your name for academic publishing when you have a common surname?
Whether to quit PhD in psychology: overbearing post-doc, lack of passion for topic, not wanting to enter academia, lack of statistical support
Should I communicate to a researcher that I'll apply for a postdoc position is his lab in approximately two years?
Is it common to seek outside letters for the third-year renewal of an assistant professor?
Does "required reviews completed" mean good news or bad?
AAUP standards for timing of recruiting/resigning a faculty position: Do they really mean anything?
Where can I apply for a third party Travel Grant?
Is it a bad sign, if reviews are completed very early?
apply US professor/faculty position without PhD advisor's reference letter
How important is it for the corresponding author to be known in the field he/she is going to publish?
To what extent do the religious beliefs of an author affect a paper's chance of being accepted?
Online publication system for a journal
Plagiarism of a co-author?
In a paragraph about a paper, where do I put the citation?
How can an IT undergrad become a Data Scientist.?
Are speeches by Heads of States academic sources?
How difficult is it to obtain a postgraduate qualification in the academic field that's unrelated to your undergraduate programme?
Should I start writing a paper early or after all research is finished?
Can I receive both an NSF international postdoctoral award and salary from a foreign university?
When do I become a graduate student?
How do I deal with Academic dishonesty when the university does not have an Academic Policy?
How can I obtain the necessary quantitative knowledge for admission to a masters in business analytics?
Is there an honors system in graduate schools?
Why do editors sometimes reject manuscripts for being out of scope even though they cite references from the same journal?
Would an online masters degree help me to become a professor?
Question on "Awaiting Production Checklist" Status for Manuscript
When is a proper time to consider quitting a phd?
MLA Works Cited question
Should Self-Assessments be Scored? (not Graded)
Publishing outside of my PhD Research
What are mathematics graduate schools looking for?
What do I need to do to get a master's degree in neuroscience?
In the social sciences, does it make sense to embark on a longer-term project but write a dissertation on one part of it?
Has anyone had to switch to a different research/study focus to obtain an RA postion?
Is it possible for someone with a BA in mathematics who is not currently a student to get an applied research job?
Biochemistry/Computer Science BS applying for top 10 Computer Science PhD
How to design an undergraduate internship project?
Normal career path for lecturer in Computer Science
Should I put a "technician" pseudo-internship on my resume for biology grad school?
PhD Spring Admission
Reproducible Studies?
Website for admission results?
A professor is happy to supervise me. Does that mean my formal application will be accepted?
Can I ask a journal editor about an invited review paper?
Should I try to avoid being the single author of my patent/paper?
Letter of recommendation from online classes
Does a student who graduated from a lower-ranking school in a developing country be admitted to a graduate school in a western country?
Is it OK to submit a paper without asking your former supervisor?
Special status of some physicists in France
Academic position salaries in the UK
What is the duration between a conference and its online proceedings?
I wrote a major report and our client put it online. How to present it in a CV?
About eligibility for the Cambridge International Scholarship Scheme
In the field of engineering, can GRE General test score be substituted with GRE Math score?
Professor wants my "non-funded" master's data
Comparison of grading systems
Do you believe that all the papers which are published do really deserve to be published?
Research statement for professional versus research master's programs
Post physics PhD, how could I go about working in ecology, environmental science or earth sciences?
Is it appropriate to email a professor asking for a possible summer project, through online correspondence?
How to show graduate schools my strong self study background?
Which one is your priority? Writing thesis or writing academic paper
What is the purpose of an undergraduate viva for a dissertation?
Is there any view among academicians that an undergraduate degree is just a means to get to graduate school?
Avoid spam filters when applying for academic/research internships
I see many Indian researchers going to the USA as postdocs. But I see very few Indian faculty leaving India. Why?
Are Indian assistant professors eligible for tenure-track positions in the US?
What is the difference between a teaching assistant and an instructor?
Confused between applying immediately to graduate school and taking a break for research experience
Issues with unfinished PhD
What does a university's acceptance rate indicate?
What do conference organizers expect from an invited speaker?
What is the difference between a college and a university?
How to get people to reply to emails and what to make of a no response?
Role of positions' geographical diversity in (US) academic career perspectives
PhD Students research/annual assessment
Adviser-Poaching and the Politics of Graduate School
Cover letter for journal submission (math)
Does a professor have the academic discretion to design the curriculum for his class?
Presented a paper in a conference, but my paper did not get published in proceeding
what to do when the acceptance deadline has passed with no notification from the reviewers?
May I reuse my own figure without coauthor's permission?
Are reviewers impressed by a quick response to a request to revise and resubmit?
Tenured position to be started very soon...what to do with the old affiliation
Any good source of information on EU based postdoctoral/researcher funding opportunities
Am I allowed to do the work for a research assistant (RA) without having been awarded an assistantship?
Is it appropriate to put a scientific/technical document about code developed by our group on arXiv?
Should I ask a letter of recommendation from a prof who I rarely see?
Referencing Android Documentation
Why is it required for Test Administrators and Proctors to constantly walk around the room during testing?
Can you gain admissions to a top UK Engineering PhD program with limited research?
When to negotiate an offer?
Is it better to negotiate a faculty offer by email or phone?
What to do during summer?
PhD Student : Publish Paper with Wife?
Learning efficiency of sitting in first rows of the lecture hall
Is praising students' aptitude harmful?
Difficulty being admitted to good PhD programs in the UK
In-text reference (APA style) for website
"All rights reserved" vs Creative Commons BY-NC-ND
Differences between “Polytechnic” and “Technology”?
What's the ethics of (paid) proof-reading college admission essays?
I am able to self-fund a PhD, how can I use this when applying?
Do PhD courses in engineering fields in European non-English speaking countries require knowledge of the native language?
Information in my Thesis incorrectly represented in another publication
Will this be a case of self plagiarism or will it annoy the referee?
PhD in New Zealand and Post-doc in US
Can a graduate from university of applied science In Finland study higher degrees (Masters and PhD ) outside Finland?
Use of external collaboration in masters
What is the difference between research and a thesis at the B.S./M.S. level?
Low GPA, any chance of grad school for math?
Can I get inspired from Patented Algorithm?
How can a master thesis in STEM approach the level of a doctoral thesis?
Is reproduction of copyrighted material in a research proposal fair use?
How to substantiate the claim that something is not known?
Are there post-doc grants available for non-US citizens in the US?
PhD study (University accreditation) and the ability to teach in the USA
Which survey software to use?
Summer Research with Advisor or at National Lab?
Can portions of my PhD thesis be later submitted to conferences?
Trailing spouse postdoc
What advice would you give to an undergraduate research assistant?
Is referencing another PhD dissertation or Master's thesis a reasonable practice in a Master's thesis?
In computer science, how hard it is to get a job at an industry research lab?
How does a standalone honours degree work?
Forward-citation chasing: Is there a formal study for what I'm doing?
Having children while at graduate school
PhD thesis Microsoft Word templates
Alleviating Dunning-Kruger effect without running into impostor syndrome
Can you have a career in academia without having to write grant applications?
How to become a visiting student in a UK University
Subcontracting courses?
Can one include already published papers in a monograph thesis?
Is salary of a faculty member increased automatically year-by-year in the US and Canada?
If most universities in the U.S are non-profit, why are they so expensive?
Should an advisor care if their student becomes overweight?
How do I deal with my family which doesn't respect science and math while I am doing a double science and math major?
Unsure of German PhD salary
Changing PhD group: Yes or Not?
How to say good-bye to an unhelpful and undisciplined professor?
To what extent do PhD students in computer science collaborate equally with other PhD students when working on a research project?
How to explain to department's president that my time spent as an undergraduate assistant/intern was goalless?
How to teach from a tutorial-style book?
How can a US student (who does not hold UK citizenship) get a funded PhD in Engineering at Oxford/Cambridge?
Should I recommend rejection for a paper I referee if the authors don't make changes that they could have made?
How to overcome a reverential fear when meeting the topmost minds in your field?
Are there any differences in how new vs. well-established professors select students?
What to include in Abbreviations and symbols?
Should I include independently derived but not novel results in my thesis?
Do faculty members get additional compensation such as bonuses in industry?
Is it harder to get into PhD programs for some disciplines compared to others?
My paper has not been published because I did not show up for the conference presentation
Are PhD students allowed to extend their graduate studies to have a better chance at an academic job?
Can one take a PhD by distance learning
Why some faculty have teaching reduction in the last semester or two before being tenured?
How desperate is too desperate when it comes to contacting supervisor?
arXiv Papers vs. Peer Reviewed Papers; How Does Admission Committee Evaluate?
How true is the stereotype that PhD graduates are overqualified?
Asking potential PhD supervisors about research
In case of multiple job offers, should school name or offer letter be revealed?
Why are there so many mental health problems in academia?
Using a figure from a journal article on a personal website
What are RTD-b positions in Italy?
How many free copies of a textbook is a publisher typically willing to provide?
Having trouble getting recommendation letter for masters
"You are one of our top candidates." How many candidates are there likely to be?
Are vacations counted for student research assistants in Germany?
How to avoid self-plagiarism when adapting dissertation into a paper?
Tracking updates for an individual paper in arXiv
Interviewing in July - would start date necessarily be September?
How many papers should a Ph.D. student review for their professor per year?
A professor wanted me to wait for his decision. It's been about 10 days, what should I write to show that I want to know how long it is going to take?
Very short PhD Thesis by famous people
Bragging about previous funded PhD position to acquire another?
Changing PhD programs: should I submit a recommendation letter from my old advisor if it's not purely positive?
Can I put online an accepted paper before the conference?
Lack of available reviews on scientific papers
Attending job talks when you are leaving the department
Electronic Assessment / Submission for questions where each student should have a different correct answer
Can I serve as a reference for someone applying to fill my position?
How should I handle reviewing a paper that is very similar to something I am working on?
How to list my name in publications, given that I am referred to by my middle name?
Is it appropriate to describe our methodological mistakes in manuscript?
How to correctly cite ASCII (Public table)? Do I need to cite it?
Can you increase your undergrad gpa after graduating?
How to improve chances of admission to Ph.D. program for international student?
Is it a terrible idea to aim for a lower journal for a paper?
Academic or non Academic Journal as a professional?
Multiple paper submission deadline extension (three times in few days)
What qualifies a paper/dissertation to received the status 'published'
I need to remove all of the plagarized parts to my thesis
The benefits of the social connections made in attending a conference?
Why is the variability in faculty salaries between STEM fields so high?
If I don't know whether a staff member has a PhD, should I address her as Dr. in my emails?
Can I still submit my work to a journal if a very similar paper was just posted on arXiv?
Is it a common practice for reviewers to recommend their own papers in the review?
How to pick the brain of a professor with whom you have no connection
Why law and business faculty are paid the highest salaries?
How can an assistant professor have a much higher salary than an associate professor in the same department?
Apply to math Ph.D. programs
Search for a WYSIWYG, non-latex Online collaborative paper writing Tool
Is it acceptable to ask a "temporary" lecturer for a reference?
What's the point of conferences on a CV?
Can a related paper cover the non-thesis master disadvantages for applying for a PhD?
List of software projects on my CV
Should a researcher share scientific ideas in a temporary position and are they entitled to recognition for doing so?
Do employees in public universities pay less taxes than those in industry?
Acceptance to online publication – Why is everybody I know faster than average?
What's the equivalent of this degree in Europe and USA?
How to find a high quality PhD advisor in another country?
Plagiarism in acknowledgements?
Computer Science Original Position Paper Questions
I'm looking for an application or workflow which integrates data values into the writing process
All out of PhD extensions - what now?
Why do Russian and Israeli universities score low in various world rankings?
May a PhD be more practical than theoretical?
Editor rejected for small reasons
Can I apply for a masters' if I already have one? (USA/Canada)
How to deal with failing a student?
What is the effect on a supervisor if a graduate student has been found to have plagiarised?
No idea what to do with my PhD research
How to know if my work is worth a paper?
How do I avoid or get past the post-orals slump?
Why do the rankings from U.S. News & World Report list some schools twice?
Animated Presentation Navigation
How to ask for an academic agreement with a foreign faculty?
On discrimination in retake exams
Masters with a full-time job
How common is redundancy in the British (UK/Australia/NZ/Ireland) system?
Refuting a hypothesis in a dissertation
Handwritten presentation slides?
What is the effect of a PhD student dyeing their hair blue?
Locating old Russian literature in the US
How generous should I be with citations?
Etiquette for declining a tenure track job offer
Does citing reviewers' papers significantly increase the chance of the submitted paper to be accepted?
Ask a professor to attend a conference
US PhD to Developing Country Professorship
How should I convince my parents about a career in mathematics?
What is the point of journals nowadays?
Is it ethical to explicitly or implicitly bias against student papers unless co-authored with senior researcher(s)?
What does the "re-review" mean?
What does TV-L 13 (3/4) melt down to?
Are there any academic data sets that force users to release any source code written to analyse them?
How to get past being tagged as overly curious and unfocussed?
What are the implications of distributing a faculty annual salary over 9 or 12 months?
How does a recognized and well-known Professor help his students in getting an academic job?
Could you get a doctorate based solely on a thesis written in your free time?
Career options in scientific/academic publishing for PhDs and Postdocs
As a session chair, how to familiarise oneself with the pronunciation of speakers' names?
Teaching Multiple Subjects
A career focused on teaching
Can I instigate collaboration outside of my current research team, or is that bad etiquette?
What is the procedure with regard to unfinished thesis if I am terminated from the program?
How to speed up publishing papers?
How to decide whether the amount of study material provided to students is enough?
Authorship - How to determine
Under what circumstances is it beneficial for an advisor to seek sole authorship when their advisees deserve to be listed as co-authors?
Is a partial PhD a liability in a job search?
When writing a synopsis "review", may I contact the authors with questions?
Masters by Distance Learning accepted for PhD?
What to do when wrongfully accused of cheating?
How to attract student attention in difficult/technical topics
Unexpected Extra Travel Costs and Grants
How to get covered in non-academic media
PHD Part Time vs Full TIme
Is it possible to send an extended version of a low-tier conference paper to a high quality journal?
What to do on finding a major flaw in a conference paper?
Changing PhD topic and effect on career
Is the title Ph.D. or Dr. meaningless in the sense that anyone can use it?
How can I do better research when the experimental design is lacking?
What is the proper way to judge the quality of education of a university?
Wearing dressy clothes in the "lab"
Are translations valuable to Phd admission committees?
Should I list memberships that have expired on my resume
Can blogging about research results first affect your ability to publish them later?
Should my citation style exactly match the original title?
Publishing on arXiv effect online scholarly profile
What points should I consider when applying for/accepting a position at another department?
Applying to PhD programs - One reference just quit his job
Which differences are there between Math PhD programs in the US and in the UK regarding admission, funding, and reputation?
Should I provide my transcripts for all years or only the last year?
Should I try to warn administration about truly unacceptable professor behavior?
How to take notes while reading textbook?
Age vs career in natural science
How do I deal with the vast number of research papers on a topic? (for non-academics)
How can I proof-read my own work more effectively?
What are some good books to read in order to improve my academic writing?
Discussing conditions of an offer
US grad school rankings based on graduate students' satisfaction
PhD project ownership conflict after changing university
Can someone collaborate between universities for a PhD?
How much does it hurt admissions if I don't take an essential class until after I apply to schools?
Appropriate time to announce current research topics
Could not get along with any advisor, is it ego?
Do PIs ever get outside help when writing grant applications?
Is it useful to list the exact name of a prize or grant in a resume?
How to get Industrial Jobs after PhD maths?
Abstract-only presentation - How does it work?
Which articles don't need experimental results?
Short-Term Research Programs for International Students
Received a book review request, how to know if publisher is credible?
When is it wrong for students to ask about previous exams known to change?
Recommendations from professors in unrelated fields
What should a reply to a peer review look like?
What skills are necessary to become President(Rector, Chancellor)?
Is it normal that what I studied in my bachelor's and master's is rarely useful to my PhD?
PhD Qualification on a CV: Should I list it as ongoing in a separate section?
Are there any differences between Master's admissions and Ph.D admissions in the US?
What is the meaning of "in residence" at a university?
How do I referee a paper when the authors may be behaving dishonestly?
Undergraduate vs. Graduate Research
Some specifics about research and teaching statements
Connotations regarding F grade
Should I consider getting an extra degree if I plan to go to graduate school in that field?
How would I go about applying for a thesis without being considered an "spam-bot disguised as an Undergraduate Indian student"?
Finding a mentor
How to get credit for a new method that I invented?
Applying for MS in USA after completing 3 years degree in India
Pros and cons of CV and cover letter for Ph.D. position in the same document
Course Requirements for Mathematics and Applied Mathematics Phd admission
What's the average retirement age in the universities in British (UK/Ireland/Australia/NZ) system?
Multiple outlets publication
What are the industry career prospects for a CS Ph.D. student who doesn't publish in CS?
Are My Interests More Suited for PhD in CS or Mathematics?
Are all math majors expected to get a perfect score on quantitative reasoning?
Visa requirement query for Indian postdoc applying in UK
Uncommon order of authors names?
Is it possible to count the citations that a paper has received in a particular country using Web of Science?
Famous modern-era academics without academic degrees?
Trade-off between content and style
Am I missing something or is submitting from the ArXiv really that unfeasible?
Master's degree in game design
Relevance of Advanced Placement courses to graduate admissions
Do I have to implement published algorithms in the same manner as the original source?
Is it ethical to publish homework?
Formal pedagogical knowledge
Are there any professors with PhDs in Humanities from Asian Universities working outside of Asia?
How to become a professional design researcher?
What role do universities play in weapon manufacturing, design and research for the military?
Should I take a tutor job or a research job in a company before going to grad school?
Is possible cite an internet site (of an academical project) with the authors
Can I quote something directly in a foreign language?
How to download references to database that a paper includes and all articles that cite the paper?
What is the meaning of "formalism" in a scientific paper? What is the structure of such paper?
How to indicate a 'summary' of some sort in a presentation
Is there some standard protocol to suggesting reviewers/referees for a paper?
How are mathematics conference presentations usually done and what to expect from the question and answer component?
Is it unethical to take ideas from a pre-print to write your own research paper (though the author of the pre-print is acknowledged)?
What careers not requiring an academic degree might be open to a self-learner who wants to do research on pure mathematics?
Is it alright to be out of academia for a while before applying for academic or research-only positions?
CS Master's admission after academic dishonesty
What is the correct way of writing two MSc degrees on a business card?
How to determine peer institutions?
List of 2013 US National Merit Scholars
How can a young student get a mentor?
Literature survey in multiple languages
Can I patent a model that I described in a paper or that I adapted from a model proposed by someone else? Is a patent more prestigious than a paper?
How an international student can get a grant by himself?
Is it required for a supervisor to understand the technicality of his PhD student's research
How to overcome these learning difficulties and progress in academia?
What should I do if I discover a typo in the title of my MS thesis after submission
Chose name for first publication (special characters and compound names)
Postdoctoral job search: positions and job titles
Postdoctoral job search: freedom
Postdoctoral job search: mixed applications
Is it necessary that lawyers receive a solid training in subjects that are related to their chosen field of concentration?
Academic job search: writing sample
How do journal editors and reviewers view previously published conference paper?
What are the pros and cons of being a volunteer editor for ACM XRDS?
How to use contacts on an application in an unassuming way?
Advisor wants me to take ownership of my projects, but shoots me down whenever I contribute my own ideas
How to cite where names are not of [firstName lastName] form, in particular patronymic?
Listing GPA on undergrad CV when reaching out to professors
What else can I do if a journal editor ignores my report of plagiarism?
Citation style for research statement
Many short papers or one big paper for a math postdoc?
Getting a PhD in Classics/Ancient History with an MA in Modern Lit
How to explain low grades in a phd interview
Research statement and dissertation abstract
Where can I get a cheap, virtual, high-performance server suitable for academic use?
Why do some academic papers have sentence-cased titles?
Asking to see other reviews
How to inform a student about my appreciation of his/her original solutions
Publications in personal statement
Finishing the physics graduate curriculum as undergrad
Grades and Predoctoral NIH Grants
When should an editor use reviewers recommended by authors of a submitted manuscript?
To what extent does the prospect of a guaranteed-for-life job (tenure) motivate researchers to stay in academia?
Student reported me for cheating when I did not
What exactly are academic librarians?
Should you get your masters degree from a different school then the one your received your bachelors from
Should you keep a notebook of example problems while going through science and engineering courses?
Are 'Dr' for medical doctor used in the same sense as a PhD?
Applying to work where I said "no" in the past?
How to test my understanding of an academic paper?
Can one get admitted on a MSc in Civil and Environmental Engineering without holding same bachelors degree?
how to write a dissertation acknowledgement that is not superfluous?
Start the PhD research before taking my masters?
Master's degree in science is generally not free in US, CANADA, UK, OZ, NZ? (Tuition)
Costs of being an MS student in Germany
Doing MS in CS from low ranked university versus applying again next year?
Asking for Special Treatment/ Annoying Professors
What is the most effective way of starting a presentation for students?
How many people does it take to establish a theory?
Mycology Laboratory, Department of Biology; Does it sounds strange?
Applying to Social Psych Programs: How important are grades in statistics?
What is a suitable gift for an Italian PhD advisor based in the UK?
Accepting organizing duties in a year...but waiting for a new position
Professor stopped replying about internship
How does a professor know when a research project will get expected results?
Can I publish a report from a personal project?
How can I earn a professor's attention if I am not his/her student yet?
What is the relative importance of the parts of my application?
What is a citation style that mentions full details of a paper?
What should I do to make it to a top-ranked graduate program given my current situation?
How to mention an implementation tool in thesis?
Whether to publish a paper as both a university working paper and on ArXiV?
How can I share my research ideas for others to develop, in exchange for authorship?
The difference in writing style between a book chapter and article in a journal
What is a graduate research assistantship?
How to automatically extract submitted/accepted dates of many journal papers?
Found errors in paper: What happens now?
Transferring to a Top-10 PhD program in Theoretical Physics from a Top-50 program in US for better job prospects in Academia?
Can I challenge a paper already published in a peer reviewed conference/journal?
Humanities for people with poor preparation?
Getting PhD from average institution (gain experience) before applying for a PhD in top institution?
3.8 GPA, but 3 Fs and 1 D on transcript
In APA style, what is the appropriate way to differentiate between two organization divisions that both have the word "and" in their names?
My Professor is pushing me in a problem that isn't solvable for the deadline
In APA style, How should rough financial numbers be written?
Citing style for Animal Conservation
Avoiding confusion over the term "Research Assistant"
Publishing a literature review
Difference between public and private university education
Evidence that 'spoon-feeding' is bad or otherwise for learning
Single application for several postdoctoral positions
How helpful is it for PhD admissions to be second author of a paper in a recognised journal?
Current Masters student, need advisor for PhD (no public announcements in the department)?
How does one balance between working on a research problem and writing up the results?
Realistic odds of acceptance into a top 10 bioengineering program from an average public university
Why are computer science related degrees at some good European universities not ABET accredited?
Two Papers Accepted. Co-authors presenting
How relevant is the GRE essay score for masters applications in science and engineering?
Sharing preliminary draft versions of papers with people in the field
How can I legally avoid submitting a transcript to Phd programs in America or the UK
How to title a report on a project that is not final
Publication database backend for academic web sites
Letters in high-end interdisciplinary journals – how much do they weigh in a CV? Are they only for experts?
What if my professor writes me a negative LOR, in order to keep me working with him?
Does presenting results in conference and publishing in unreviewed proceedings prevent better publications?
Grad school in science that takes non-scientific applicants?
How can I re-use someone's mathematics thesis without plagiarizing?
How is an LOR presented when applying for grad school?
Grad Application: Research Experience without Letter of Recommendation
Advisor suggesting my marriage may cause problems in Postdoc position search
Open Source Software and Reproducibility in Computer Science
What form should evidence of a directed study take on a graduate application?
Listing acknowledgments on CV
Why would a grad school not want me to defer admission?
Background section for research statement
Can I accept two federal fellowships simultaneously and defer one?
Erratum on my bachelor Thesis
Enhancing the plots from another person's research paper
What are Proceedings-published posters?
How much vacation time is typical during a PhD in Singapore?
How do I effectively solicit a strong letter of recommendation from a professor?
Undergraduate research in math, but no research paper, will this hurt me in graduate admissions?
How to attract good teachers to a young university?
Principal investigator requests transfer of GitHub repository with my code to his account
How to increase your academic network through email
How to present ongoing dissertation research and get feedback on a one-on-one basis?
Making latex sourcefiles publicly available by default
What are the archiving policies of arXiv?
Contact the editor on the acceptance chances of my article
Fine line between "figuring it out on my own" and "asking for help" in research labs?
Do PhD advisors allow students to collaborate with faculty from other institutions?
Does an updated chapter in a book count as a new publication?
Leave of Absence from PHD
Would it hurt if I mention somewhere in my application package to a phd program that I applied to the same program?
How to reconcile with an old mentor after (unintentional) plagiarism accusations
How should I handle poor English in reviewing an article that claims to be proofread by two native English speakers?
Can I host my published software at Dropbox?
How to sort issues over authorship in my manuscript with PhD supervisor?
Getting published in Nature or Science
You must have a relevant Bachelor's degree to get into European grad schools in sciences?
How to handle authorship issues in an international multidisciplinary collaboration?
What should I do if someone is claiming my research on ResearchGate?
How to deal with editors who abuse their position?
Should former group member be included as a co-author in a follow-up to his work?
Referencing the reference?
Paper rejection
What should you do if a co-author has an unethical affiliation?
Is it ethical that the PhD student is not offered a chance to become the communicating/ corresponding author?
How to proceed when you are coordinating a project among several research groups and they do not contribute to the progress of the project
What is a good way of getting peer feedback on my draft cover letter?
Are endorsed undergraduates eligible to submit papers (and eventually get it accepted) to arXiv?
Top-down vs Bottom-up approaches in describing an algorithm in a research paper
Should marital status and its international characteristics be included in a CV/cover letter?
Why is dental school a separate thing from medical school?
Does doing a PhD in a small/simple university make sense after getting a Master's from a very prestigious school?
Is there a way to influence research in multiple areas of a field?
How to be creative in doing research?
Postgraduate with a third
Should a paper be reviewed in entirety, if the introduction contains plagiarized passages?
Supervisor not Constructive
What is total number of PhDs globally? How many graduate each year?
What is the difference between "introduction" and "motivation" sections
What is a legal and allowed method of getting a picture from Internet to be used in the cover of my thesis?
Dealing with students who sent email with empty body but the homework attached
How to cite ACM Computing Classification System?
Can I patent work after I have published a paper about it?
Can authors from certain origins really not know about the gravity of plagiarism?
How should I credit a plagiarized paper in open source code?
Number of publications needed to get into a computer science PhD program?
What to do when you are suspicious about numerical results in a submitted manuscript that you are reviewing?
Does Google Scholar link to post-print PDFs lodged on academia.edu or ResearchGate?
Is using author name in order to refer to an other research article a good practice?
Using "et al." in maths papers
Can I share my notes of copyrighted materials on my blog?
Masters in Physics with financial support?
Humorous or famous dictum as motto for a scientific text - is it appropriate?
Handling academia politics - an early career case
How to deal with people judging your 'overproductiveness'?
Is academia politics in early career an issue?
My paper was accepted, but I found an error affecting all of the figures. What will happen next?
Is it better to give reference when I use the same sentence which state a fact or I must paraphrase it?
How to add mathematical rigor to systems research?
How can I tell if a journal is reputable?
Does a low acceptance rate imply quality?
I feel like I got screwed over by my PI? No name on publication
PhD course grade impact on postdoc and fellowship applications?
What is the rationale for not allowing auditing students to participate in class discussions?
Is it unwise to get a recommendation for philosophy phd apps from a professor you had relatively early in college?
I am interested in graduate studies, but I was dismissed from my undergraduate program for poor grades. Where do I go from here?
What to do when research leads to poor results?
Is it ok to list reviewing experience in a resume when you don't have a PhD?
Proof error found in accepted conference paper - what to do?
Value of a German Industrial PhD in India
Is it bad form to use the word exciting in a paper, when discussing other people's results?
When can I withdraw a paper accepted by a conference?
Academically dismissed from grad school but want to reapply
Impact of the quality of a presentation in a conference on the number of citations the corresponding article receives
How to reminded a Prof of a promised recommendation letter (2 years ago)
Career in applied mathematics after MS in abstract mathematics?
Expulsion from doctoral program
I have a MSc degree, want to apply for PhD degree. Should I submit my BSc transcript during admission?
Is it a bad idea not to use slides in my Ph.D. oral defense?
Why do journals have limits on the number of references?
Completed a review article based on supervisor's request but then it cannot be published due to lack of funding
What specific techniques can help someone facing mental health problems (depression, anxiety, ADHD) have a productive academic career?
How to provide attribution to a media source in a research paper?
Is it acceptable for an undergraduate researcher to ask to work on a project that will yield publishable results?
Approaching research adviser with worries about project feasibility
How do I cite a screenshot I've taken of a software program?
Finding a suitable research topic from outside academia
Time management and organization for PhD Student in first year?
Aside from working on a manuscript, what activities can help improve scientific writing skills?
How to stop spam from ConfDriver of TU Wien?
Non-citation of basic knowledge
How to deal with a student who talks too much in my class?
Should Research Associates apply for Post-Doc research positions if they want to?
Conditions for uploading IEEE publications to ArXiv
What is this "mixed" citation style that includes both numbered references and author-date formats?
Dealing with unsupervised research as novice researcher
Question about leaving supervisor
Should I thank thesis committee before defense?
Does an economics degree qualify for the 17 month OPT extension?
Learning Biology, methods?
What do you do to keep your mind sharp?
For early researchers, how does the ranking of a university relate to future career in high ranked universities?
What is actually the difference in student experience between a world famous university and others?
Is copying a sentence considered plagiarism?
Listing professors' titles/ranks in CV
Are Governement Open File Reports "published" online later published as journal articles considered a duplicate publication?
Is it ethical to extract my contributions from a multidisciplinary collaboration ( & exclude my co-authors work )?)
How to reference original paper in expanded journal version
Consequences of applying to both research and staff positions at the same school simultaneously
What matters most : published papers or GPA? (for scholarship and future career)
How to Acknowledge mail related to PhD Proposal?
Acknowledge funding institute, sending and hosting universities
How to cite a senior project in BibTeX
What is a PhD forum? Is it similar to short paper submission?
First Publication as a PhD student
How can I emphasize my interest towards PhD with no real research experience?
What does "Reviews Completed" status mean in Springer?
What are the possible pitfalls of a university employee and a student being roommates? Is it best to avoid this situation?
Working in two research lab at the same time – unethical?
Postdoc job inteview presentation - slide "livery" / logos and references?
Is it possible for a high school student to conduct research into computer science?
I had an internship with the professor I'm applying for. Is it possible to ask for a recommendation letter?
What is the difference between keynote, invited, and oral conference presentations?
Which e-mail address should I give for a recommender in an application?
Approximate time frames for US postdoctoral application decision making and starting
Research fellowship after undergrad helps with PhD admissions?
Master's program advice
How to define the scope of exploratory research?
How to add long lists in thesis
How do professors get to apply and work on industry projects?
How does job security in academic untenured soft money positions compare with job security in industry?
Deferred admission but funding not guaranteed
How to "keep in touch" with a potential advisor?
Is it ethical for a professor to get a graduate student to complete a manuscript peer review that the professor has been assigned?
What constitutes a conflict of interest by minimum?
Type of non-university, research jobs suitable for a mathematician turned computational neuroscientist, with coding experience
Whether to italicise the name of government program in APA style?
Is it possible to support oneself as a lifelong graduate student?
graduate student credit for work on a paper
Is it ethical to post (part of) my research question on the internet?
What action is appropriate when co-authors admit that the first author committed plagiarism?
During review, I found a superior solution. What now?
Do articles published in newspapers count as publications?
Who is the president of a university?
How to Properly Cite Linux Source Code?
Is it fine to make a poster on a topic in which I have an article under review?
Time taken by department to offer the admission decision
Junior faculty position - course development
Is an institution or a supervisor necessary to make a submission?
How to assist your home university in evaluating whether classes taken when studying abroad should allow transfer of credit?
Traditional career paths post post-doc
What counts as a "project" when a potential employer asks a graduate about recent projects they have completed?
How to set up lab rotation when commencing a PhD?
Grad school GPA and Phd
What do the abbreviations 2:2, 2:1, or 3:2:3 mean in terms of teaching loads?
Are there any online community investigations of PhD thesis plagiarism outside Germany?
Etiquette of wearing the wrong academic robes at graduation as a lecturer in the UK
Difference between Phd degree while remaining a student, and after quitting a Japanese university?
Thanking a "shepherd" in acknowledgments
What should I do if I found too many typos after my Ph.D. thesis being approved but before my oral defense in mathematics?
Will these "errors" in my advisor's letter raise red flags when I apply for academic faculty positions?
When is the right time to tell my advisor that I plan on leaving my PhD program?
Query on UK visa options for South African postdoc at Birkbeck University funded by a South African organisation
How much data is enough to be awarded a PhD?
Is it good to only read the high-rated journals as a starting PhD student?
Should I quote an anonymous review on my CV?
Show accepted (but not published) paper to potential advisor
What is the difference between a PhD degree and a DSc degree?
How do I tell my advisor about mental health problems?
Is tutoring (outside university) while doing PhD a good idea?
How can I find images to use in my thesis that are free/unrestricted by copyright?
Is it usual to 'cut and paste' from the 'Case for Support' into the Je-S online form?
Release application of research before publish its paper
How possible is it to do mathematical research outside academia?
English Bachelor of Computer Science - Germany
How common is it for a paper to be wrong?
Method of self-assessment of academic potential
How to critically review an article when one doesn't have proper background knowledge?
Does one need a master's in math before taking a PhD in math in Europe?
Is taking a year or so off between master's and PhD to self-study or do independent research a common practice in Europe?
What is the usual process for forming a business partnership with a university lab?
Impact of gap year during phd program on future post-doc and employment options?
Purchasing books that are out-of-print
Buying books that are out of print
Market research & consulting: perception and acdemic career perspectives
Is it a good idea to include participation in summer schools in my CV?
Explaining Temporary Voluntary or Medical Leave from Prestigious PhD on CV?
Including conferences in the CV of an undergraduate student
Why do faculty use two different email addresses?
How do junior faculty in the U.S. normally address senior faculty in emails?
Does a long period in an MSc program look bad on a CV?
List unpublished masters thesis in preprints section on CV?
Almost 14 months after submission the associate editor informed me they still did not start with the review process
What does graduated mean in the Netherlands?
Is it good to buy health insurance for time period between the date of entry into US and the date on which university insurance coverage starts?
Should I mention in my personal statement that my poor performance in mathematics courses was due to the course delivery not being effective for me?
When do you stop mentioning your dissertation in the cover letter?
How is the training for MS students different from MBA students?
Contacting A Professor for Master of Science (Thesis)
With what style should I write to a Board Of Examiners?
What are the most common prerequisites demanded by Promotionsausschüssen (German PhD boards)?
How can I adapt my scientific writing for the modern web?
PhD thesis - Names of appendices
How to switch from a physics PhD. to complexity theory?
Is it normal to be suspicious of a really interesting finding but in an obscure journal and/or by authors from unknown universities
When to switch PhD projects if you are hitting roadblocks
When I was 16 I took 30 credits a quarter and my math GPA suffered will this effect my ability to go to grad school?
Use of words like "herein" in research articles
Grad school without GRE?
Using images with CC-BY-SA license in slides or a thesis
Transferring to a PhD program I had been previously admitted to
What does "NN" mean (submitting a proposal to a publisher)?
How to ask the editor of a journal whether our manuscript fits the scope or not
How can I sell independently created software to my university?
How do professors from very small or unranked universities in the U.S. attract graduate students?
Is there a powerful exam template that doesn't require an engineering degree to use?
How many papers should a PhD student in math try to publish before graduating?
Appropriate to write to the head of a department to ask about potential openings?
Do I need to take the TOEFL Exam?
Right time to start applying for PhD - Germany
Should I add references for examples?
Weak Survey as Poster?
Who will be my final adivsor?
What are some innovative publishing layouts to depict a scientific debate?
What happens if I get a grant for my PhD project but I decide to quit and start another PhD somewhere else?
What is a System paper
Editor assignment pending after "review competed"
How to Correct for a Less-Than-Complete PhD career when wanting to go into academia?
When Corresponding Authors Don't Correspond
Do I have to worry about self-plagiarism if I do undergrad research on an original topic that I've put forth considerable information online?
How to see peer review comments when rejection letter does not list them?
What are the most popular free (FLOSS) fonts used in academic writing?
How can you precisely match Chinese academic positions with western style?
is it OK to include own questions on CV?
Math teaching job after PhD in the United States for a foreigner
How to export the reference list for a given paper using Google Scholar?
Should I start working as a teacher at a different uni while I'm still finishing my PhD?
Are there PhD programs that do not require letters of recommendation?
Can giving back to my alma mater have a positive impact on application?
Is it acceptable to put programming code as proof in paper?
Do I need to do revision on my accepted paper?
Coursea.org? Comparable to actual college level credit?
Where should I put the "Definition of concepts" section in a Research Paper
Is it necessary to add email address to paper?
Textbook copies for Outreach Programs
Open Access for journals : extent of the content remix (CC-BY) license?
How to cite a conference paper with no pagination?
Justifying sub-optimal research quality by lack of supervision
Can you do research at home, without being backed by a university? [electronics]
My PhD situation is giving me anxiety attacks. Is quitting (and losing 2 years) my only option?
How do weak students who want to do PhD's get into masters programmes in the first place?
Retaking GRE during gap year from PhD to improve pre-doctoral fellowship award chances
Applying to Law school in USA with an Econ BS degree from another country
What should I do if my advisor won't give me input into my own projects?
Can I write a paper out of a simple idea?
Where is the best places to find faculty job postings in physics?
Self-plagiarism and supplementary information
How long is it reasonable to wait for a graduate student or postdoc to obtain a visa?
How to protect the copyright of the thesis draft?
How long and formal should a paper revision letter to the editor be?
What exactly is “quantification”?
Good questions for a student-advisor compatibility test
Is it ethical to send my research proposal to a potential supervisor, when another professor has accepted to be my supervisor?
Are Stack Exchange sites good pedagogical tools?
Will I need to retake my written qualifying exams?
Are there really disadvantages of community college and state Uni for undergrad compared to 4 years state Uni?
There is some indication that I am not that good at teaching – should I still strive to become a professor?
How much should I adapt a paper to fit another conference than where I originally submitted?
Publication ownership for students
How to deal with errors in well established papers
How to recruit a post doc from an area outside your labs expertise?
When did it become commonplace for data set providers to ask users to cite their paper(s)?
Is it possible to confirm if someone is enrolled at a particular school?
Are there any PhD scholarships for 3.5 CGPAs?
How to supply proof that you are a reviewer for a journal?
What order should I list author affiliations on a conference poster?
I hope to contact a professor in the grad school i want to work under him. What are some tips and things I should pay attention to in my email?
Why do universities share test questions?
How do grad schools view early High School graduation?
Why are lawyers not called "doctor"?
Should I name a system or software I described in a paper?
PhD Supervisor Issues
Should a post-doc let his boss know before applying for a short term funding involving working in another location
“System”, “software”, “application” or “tool” – which to use in my paper?
How reasonable is it to ask about my application status to the Chair of the search committee?
How to format ranges including negative values in tables?
What is the scholarly value of a report containing experimental results and the procedure
How can I get research experience in between degrees?
How to get academic reference for grad school admission if I didn't interact with professors in my online bachelor's degree?
What is a good grade for an MS student expecting to apply for a PhD in a top-tier school?
What are pros and cons of submitting a PhD thesis to ProQuest?
Is it appropriate to cite editorial articles in a thesis?
Short bio for thesis back cover?
Is there a standard of professionalism in academia requiring me to hide self-harm scars if I'm otherwise comfortable leaving them exposed?
Is it mandatory to declare conflicts of interest?
What should I do if I think a researcher in my university is intentionally employing incompetent people?
How to protect your unpublished ideas?
Ethics of citing a source's source
How can a non-native English speaker get assistance in publishing a manuscript in English?
How to know if a topic is related to my discipline?
What is the most elegant way to let the recruiting committee know what the applicant has done to make it to the interview?
Similar work in same issue
Ethical considerations in publishing raw data
Do Australian universities pay expenses to attend a faculty interview?
Can I cite a paper published after the initial submission of my paper?
What are the differences between the Statements of Purpose for Terminal Masters and Ph.Ds?
Can I teach in the nude?
Is it ethically defensible to attain consent on an opt-out basis in a newspaper?
Seeking Your Advice on Preparing for Mathematics Graduate Programs
Explaining your suitability
Submitting paper to journals and/or conferences in different fields
How to keep track of attendance and student-submitted excuses for absences?
In APA, how should stylized business names be capitalized?
How is a research direction determined between a graduate student and their advisor?
What does a successful NecTAR application look like
How to cite a Google Play app?
What to do about academics who fail to fulfill their collaborative responsibilities?
Supervisor seems to be abusing me?
Is it normal for an academic conference to ask for a revised abstract before paper acceptance?
Where do I put the Creative Commons license information in a book?
How to demonstrate programming knowledge in CV, while applying to academia and industry?
Failed to get tenure then hired by another institute, is the new position tenure or not?
Talking to professors without attending that University
How will my CLEP credits be viewed?
How committed should I be to a specific research area before and shortly after I enter a doctoral program?
How important is the time it takes to graduate?
Change a graph of an accepted conference paper (before submitting the camera-ready version)
If I develop a product as part of a project at university, does the university have any ownership over it?
Should I ask one of my university lectures to be my mentor?
How to formulate in academic writing when one comes up with a novel approach
Putting dataset in CV
Why are some conferences no longer indexed by Scopus?
Can a person fail in MBA?
What field of study allows a hobbyist to make a potential contribution
What is the best way to tell a professor that my research interests are not limited to a specific topic?
What factors to consider when choosing between similar tenure-track offers?
Value of placement services for non-members
Ideas for and approaches to adding value to literature reviews
How many hours a day on Mathematics as a successful student?
What is the decision on my paper?
Is it offensive to ask my PhD advisor for permission to record our research/technical discussions?
How can the choice of "where to publish" affect the potential number of citations?
Do I have to be concerned about self-plagiarism in a short accessible methods description?
Mistakenly passing a student
Hide information from my CV?
How to deal with a PI who is erratic in decision making?
Does the course number matter?
Is my contribution enough to ask for co-authorship?
Does more knowledge enhance your chance of doing better and 'original' research (in mathematics)?
Entering a program you don't want to finish?
Academic rank equivalence between the UK and the US systems
Is there any special field in political science to study security issues?
What the difference in CVs between "submitted to" and "to appear in"?
Is it possible to do research in theoretical physics without going to college?
Does any university require students to release their source code in order to graduate?
Somebody made comments and suggestions on my drafts – can I be reasonably accused of plagiarism?
How to approach research on an unproven theory for academic submission?
Why do universities force students to take unrelated classes for a diploma?
How does a petty marijuana possession charge affect graduate admissions in math?
Can my choice of co-authors affect how often my article is cited?
Is there a website where I can post my CV where potential academic employers can find me?
Switching to philosophy after a PhD in mathematics
API for Scientific Literature Search
What are the salary bands specifically for lecturer/senior lecturer/reader/professor in the UK?
How do grad schools look upon students with chronic illnesses?
How applicable are software engineering internships to computer science research and graduate school?
Is it too late for me to be pursuing a degree in medicine?
What are the equivalencies between the higher education in France (Licence - Master - Doctorat) and the higher education in the United States?
what is the common academic way of linking a section of a paper to a previously published paper?
Allocating master student schedules to fit semi-commercial research interests
What are academic resources that provide open source lecture notes?
How to mention a course that you haven't taken yet in an application
Publishing an idea that came up on a conference?
Research Posters - Do you put home university logo when you did the research at another university?
Reference letter from third world country
Is there an official way to include an image from the internet in a paper?
What is the advantage of doing an integrated Masters course over a Bachelors and then Masters? (UK.)
How to deal with poor teaching evaluations on academic job market?
How economically efficient is the grant system?
What is appropriate number of keywords for conference paper?
How can I withdraw a manuscript that is placed under-review?
Is it common in any other first world countries besides the US to work while attending university?
Why would an author forward my inquiry about a paper to all its other authors?
How much does it matter the mentioned intended major at grad school in GRE registration?
How strict are paper revision deadlines?
Will a journal reject my paper just because a grad student is the sole author?
Possible to put online a PhD dissertation under a Creative Commons license, as some text is (c) by publishers?
Elsevier's article class for submission vs. the published version
Asking to not present in a conference on Saturday
PhD Scholarship Top-up
What weight does a visiting assistant professorship in a different field carry in tenure track faculty applications?
What are some career options for Math PhDs who want to work in non-Western countries (e.g. Southeast Asia, Central Asia, Africa)?
Should I say something to an undergraduate research assistant who isn't really working full time?
Importance of undergrad GPA, when you have a masters, applying for phd?
Is it reasonable to purchase a professionally designed logo/brand for a research group?
Around what percentage of universities require(d) Ancient Greek and Latin for admissions?
How important is it to work in industry before attempting a PhD?
Should retracted articles also be listed on the academic CV?
When professors search for PhD candidates in CS, how knowledgeable do they expect the applicant to be?
How to legally re-use images in paper and still continue to use and distribute them in slides?
How to React to Incorrect Claims by Reviewers?
In what sense are UK universities public?
Is it necessary for a grad student to respond to phone calls, as long as they're responsive on email?
Is it normal that research institutes do not hire their own PhDs for postdoc positions?
I have been sanctioned by my country's Higher Education Commission after being accused of plagiarism. What can I do?
How to cite an expert's opinion which doesn't have any title? And should I?
Recommendation from a PhD candidate
Why should students be asked to register for a co-supervisor?
Recently published paper does not cite my very relevant work
How to get confidence in myself after making several errors?
Preparing a manuscript for double-blind review, what is meant by "complete manuscript text minus the title page" and "separate title page"?
Reasonablity of evaluation methods in developed countries for Maths and Sci students
Who Is To Find Research Ideas in Computer Science Research: PhD Student or Adviser?
At what stage should acknowledgements be inserted into the paper if review is not double-blind?
What are specific strategies to help someone who doesn't do well under pressure get through a PhD in Mathematics?
Why are seemingly important topics not covered in textbooks?
Can I be admitted to a master's in the USA after a 3-year European bachelor's program?
Is it usual for graduate programs not to find suitable candidates even among a large pool of applicants?
If I am "homeless" researcher, where can I get affiliation?
Is it possible to finish PhD quicker than formally possible?
What affiliation to put on a research paper as a college student?
Electronic recommendation letter tips
I want to gain expertise in a specialized topic but not necessarily go on to research career, is a PhD the way to do this?
Should I mention reimbursements for financial expenditures when first contacting tentative speakers for a workshop?
When describing a joint effort, refer to colleague by name or by their title?
How to write a review for a strong paper?
Are IPython Notebooks code or slides? (for licensing purpose)
Paper from my already published PhD thesis -- How do I cite it?
Who to cite as referees for a post doc position?
ScholarOne Manuscripts File Designations
Tutoring as a undergrad student
Can I upload multimedia from subscription access journals to third party websites
How to make my work publishable if my supervisor isn’t any help?
Old friend wants to use me as an academic reference
Is it possible for average students to get admitted in good colleges for MS?
What are the main difficulties for someone who is mute to be successful in academia?
How to effectively navigate a large library?
How to get good recommendation when working under a phd student as an undergraduate
Extending a paper being peer-reviewed?
Use of QR codes in academic publications
In research proposals, why do investigators need to claim a certain fraction of their salaries, from the proposed budget?
Should / How do I include my school's GPA Scale in my CV / Application
Paper or doctorate thesis?
How do you politely ask someone to be on your committee?
How to approach a research group for potential PhD advisorship
Publishing on Scholarpedia: Experiences & feasibility (early career)
How are "workshop style" lectures conducted?
Checking with co-authors on status of a not-yet-submitted paper?
Can a thesis approved by supervisor fail? What to do to appeal?
Publicly available extended summary of PhD thesis and manuscript submission
How to point out a novel conceptualization in a foundations chapter?
Immature papers on arXiv
What's the bargaining space in a post-doc employment contract - in the Netherlands?
Why do some publication venues add the degree type next to the author name?
Why does arXiv not allow numbered lines in submissions?
Which license should I aim to publish articles & software under?
How to handle student plagiarism appropriately?
Should I reply to Travel Grant Award Notification?
Found errors in draft of researcher's book. Is it acceptable to ask for a review of my statement of purpose if I contact him regarding the errors?
How can I improve my chance of getting a tenure-track position
AAAI review criteria
PhD Application Review moved from Fall 2015 Start to Spring 2016 Start: Options?
Is it useful to include my teaching experience in primary school when applying for lecturer position
Leading an Academic "Book Club"
Is it possible to change something on a research paper between the period of acceptance and publishing?
Grounds for complaint? Professor skipping class, inaccurate grading criteria
Is it normal to go to a conference/workshop without a publication?
Avoiding conferences: Potential effects on an academic career and mitigation strategies
How to get reviewed (undergraduate student's work/research)
How to make improvements to an already-published paper?
Are publications in IEEE and ACM journals and conference proceedings considered decent quality by prospective employers in academia?
How to write a believable CV?
What is the best English equivalent for the Spanish 'Profesor Contratado Doctor'?
Changing from molecular neuroscience to ecology after PhD? Ecologist perspective needed!
How to reuse complete paper for my thesis?
My conference paper got rejected. Will it be bad for my PhD performance?
Difference between internal and external doctoral studies in Germany
What are the different acceptance levels in peer review?
Strategy for applying to PhD in the US
Posting to ArXiv a longer version of a submitted journal paper
Can cited works hold grammatical positions in sentences?
Thesis proposal near thesis defence
If i am the first coauthor of the paper, is it possible to change the order of names on the paper in my resume?
How do you answer "Oh, you're a professor? What do you teach?"
When I should submit previous published version(s)?
Citing a verbatim copy of a table?
Is it ok to mention my upcoming post during my conference presentation?
Is it normal to reject a paper based on the review of a single referee?
Do UK universities have a special obligation to advertise jobs externally?
Can I add more corrections to page proofs?
Lab Rotation Placement
Incentives to read for seminar/discussion course
How to proceed after failing exam to advance into PhD program, and subsequently losing motivation?
PhD completion hanging in balance
Where to send my research work for evaluation?
PhD study for staff?
What to do after I was named as co-author on a paper, without my consent?
The difference between literature review and background sections of a dissertation
I think that I can have the scholarship. Is this confidence or arrogance?
Is education in Europe really this cheap?
Is it common for an undergraduate thesis in pure mathematics to prove something new?
How much does participation in online predictive challenges (DREAM, Kaggle, Innocentive) improve your resume?
How should I react to emails from unknown (to me) book publishers?
Is grad school out of the question?
For graduate admissions, focus on bachelor thesis or other research publication
Why does Switzerland prevent foreign students from studying medicine?
How to react to your work being cited incorrectly or in a misleading way?
Online Postgraduate (Statistics / Mathematics)
How to handle salary negotiations while negotiating a postdoc position?
Should one apologize in response letters to reviewers? If not, why not?
Age limit for research position or postdoc in pure mathematics?
Can someone who works in tech industry still publish research unrelated to their main job function?
How to advertise a paper to increase citations?
Is it ethical to withdraw an accepted manuscript for financial reasons?
What features does Adobe Illustrator lack compared to Microsoft PowerPoint for making posters?
Seriously conflicted about a graduate program option
How to give a good lab tour?
What is a brief announcement?
Re: Terminated from D. Health Science program E.B.D.. Possible to apply to different program?
Where does the money earned by universities in the USA from sports activities go?
Paid leave for a graduate teaching assistant
How to highlight a novel dataset creation in a research paper?
Median age at doctorate by field of study and country?
Should I write my master's thesis in English, as a non-native speaker?
How to publish new results for a paper under review?
How to revoke my old paper from a fake journal (waset.org)?
Resources to improve presentation skills
How to reference observational evidence?
Copyright regulations for and sharing implementations of previously published computer code
Is it wise (and common) to publish in a peer-reviewed journal without an impact factor to prevent impairement of one's own mean impact factor?
Accepted subject to minor revisions. How should I list this in my CV?
How to ask summer research advisor for publication?
Is it possible to conduct a research project on my own and then publish it?
Would a masters in maths at a much lower ranked university be a good preparation for a masters course at a very top university?
Dissertation formatting: should foreign words and Latin abbreviations be italicized?
Rejected article submitted to other journal?
Does publishing in journals known as "predatory" hurt one's reputation?
Publication Strategy for book manuscript
How do math PhD admission committees view reading courses when your university doesn't offer graduate classes?
Apprehensive advisor - Recommendation letter for Ph.D applications
Are scientifically detached professors referred to as ‘clinical’?
How can I obtain an academic reference, if I have been out of college for a very long time?
How can I fund my PhD after the first year?
Is it appropriate to use the word “like” in a research paper?
Is it OK to have subsections with the same name?
Citing a link that was removed?
Clarification needed: Job market paper
How to get ready for a visit to a lab where I would like to do undergrad research?
Do I need to cite an artwork? How would I do it? Is permission needed?
Is the "Journal of Advances in Mathematics" a real journal?
Put a half-baked paper in arXiv for the purpose of documentation
Supervisor wants my paper in another conference, but I have paid for travel for the current one
In an interview, should I greet a professor I know in one of his speech?
Issuing of CAS number without proof of completion of degree
Paid publication fee and now no contact from journal: what should I do?
Is there any point in handing back exams ordered by grade?
Is it rude for me to ask professors for assignments in advance of the class starting?
Travel grant request letter, should I request maximum travel amount?
Is it inappropriate to email a senior academic with whom I have no pre-existing relationship, asking to check/inform my work?
Path to US board certification for international medical doctor
Personal Life Dealbreakers for Academic Jobs
Requesting endorsement for arxiv from future professor as a high-school graduate
From an author's point of view, what would you consider as negative peer reviewer comments?
What is a letter of teaching philosophy?
Getting a reference from a PhD student
Are there grants that sponsor transition into faculty positions (K99, etc) in not biology-adjacent fields?
Can I apply for a PhD in the United States with a 3-year undergraduate degree from Italy?
Potential PhD supervisor expressed interest, then didn't follow up about meeting. Should I continue with admissions process or move on?
Can I update my MSc thesis after submission
What makes an online course a valuable learning experience for a student?
How do you keep focused on a long-term academic goal while working?
Are there tools to find a subset of references shared by two or more publications?
Is it proper to cite a web page using embedded metadata for an APA paper?
Is it acceptable to propose the same PhD research plan to two universities?
Is it correct protocol to thank your committee members in a PhD dissertation?
As a grad student how to approach a possible breakthrough research?
Anonymous Student Feedback: Moving forward from abusive comments
Including teaching statement in RA position application package
Impact of holding non-TT positions on potential for a TT position
Using Wikipedia definitions in research paper
How to determine if an institution is a research or teaching university in the United States?
Should a conference paper in a journal be considered a journal article?
PhD defense in germany: how do they decide for the final grade?
Is using other's survey questions verbatim considered a plagiarism
Do you include papers that you contributed to but weren't cited as an author in on your CV?
Is it better to have just two good letters of recommendation, or two good letters and one bad letter, if three are expected?
Disclosing Asperger's Syndrome in cover letter for scholarship
A professor has offered to send me a hard copy of his new book. Would it be rude to ask for a PDF file instead?
How do I transition from a Ph.D. in engineering to a career in medicine?
ARC DECRA eligibility exemption: how to demonstrate unemployment?
How to build relationships with colleagues as new faculty member?
How to deal with a piece of text and materials that you do not consider essential?
What is a short CV?
What incentives have professors to teach a large class (vs. a small class)?
What are the standard formats of publications for journals and conferences?
Clarifications needed: UK research positions
Is it possible to refer to a specific section of the supplemental material?
What to do with an application question when I honestly don't know my plans?
PhD examiner disappeared, what I can do?
Conference is on the Yom Kippur holiday
"Professors do talk, you know" - What exactly does that mean?
Should I bring a copy of an article I wrote in a science journal to my interview?
Does Journal of finance accept paper submissions done only in latex?
Knowing that most students submit assignments right around the deadline, is it advisable not to set deadline that is very late at night?
A student posted my lab materials as a "project" on Instructables, and hid its origin as a lab assignment. How should I address this?
Value of my prior publications when changing fields
Why does a post-doc fellowship application ask where else do I apply?
Include School Technical Project in CV for Grad Application
I'm admitted to a PhD program in mathematics, but only achieved a pass (no distinction) in masters. Will this affect my reputation in the PhD program?
Do references count towards the word limit for Science Magazine?
Do I approach the journal editor before submitting my manuscript?
What is the etiquette for asking a professor to waive the prerequisite for a course?
How to respond, safely, to a student's 'risky' email?
What are some tools to effectively synthesize information from research?
What is the usual process for a paper after getting accepted? Can you still make edits for readability?
Penalties for postdoc passing off students' work as his own?
Misguided plagiarism phobia - is it a thing? (mainly related to difficulties in understanding English)
Quoting or paraphrasing in a review article
How should I email dissertation to committee?
When writing a review article, do I need to compare to or discuss limitations of previous review or primary articles on the topic?
Common practice for references to articles with different spellings of author's names
Direction to university level instruction
Publish book chapters without giving away the rights
Does the American Mathematical Monthly allow ArXiv posting?
Is there a correlation between submission date on arXiv and citations?
Is it much more difficult to enter an Ivy League much later in life?
Resubmitting manuscript somewhere else after rejection: Should I change who I list as my preferred reviewers?
How to ask for a co-supervisor? (master's program etiquette)
Is it worth getting a masters in a secondary field as part of an interdisciplinary PhD?
Affiliation during unpaid leave?
Send book right before the deadline or now?
Switching university after master's to do PhD somewhere else
Duplicate content in multi-volume monograph
Is It OK for an academic to have broad research interests?
Are awards in academia useful?
Results Presented in Conferences and Their Publication
My advisor escalated things after not getting a coauthorship he did not deserve
What does it mean when a STEM researcher has a lot of "solo" publications?
How should I interpret the result of AMS annual survey
Is it okay to upload the PDF of my non-open access papers in academia.edu or research gate?
How should I start undergraduate research in Artificial Intelligence?
Is it ethical/legal to use the University's resources for a personal project?
What will be implications of not publishing officially?
Living standards for academic/postdocs
Does publishing a manuscript in a respectable journal increase chances of getting a scholarship?
What is the meaning of posting a position-opening announcement multiple times at a research-focused institution?
Is it worth to split my book into articles and publish them individually?
How does your institution credit a department's support of, and participation in, interdisciplinary programs?
I've been working for one year. Can I apply for grad school in CS in Canada?
What is the role of research in liberal arts college faculty evaluation?
How to shorten an article before submitting to a journal
MS student in CS meeting advisor for the first time in person (USA). What should I wear? (male)
How to cite a complex web-based resource?
How to choose new advisor when advisor suddenly leaves in middle of PhD?
How to find connections to go abroad as a visisting PhD student?
What exactly happens in your arXiv account if you no longer have institutional affiliation?
Is it OK to publish the slides for a conference paper on a personal Web site?
Should I cater to student interests?
Should I correct a successfully completed Master's dissertation before publishing online?
Is there a resource that gives the number of citations per scientist in various countries?
Does publishing a paper in a fake journal get someone in trouble?
How to identify top researchers and landmark papers in a field?
My co-authors want to remove my name from manuscript because I am "not in science anymore," how to correct this?
Is it possible to change research focus entirely for a Post doc (for example, going from studying Biochemistry to neuroscience)?
Leaving a Computer Science Ph.D. program for Google after getting a M.S
As an undergraduate, how do I become aware of the big names and departments in my areas of interest if that area has no researchers at my university?
How to establish collaborations with academics who you do not know where you contribute to their research projects?
How long should I wait for the response of the possible postdoc advisor?
Grant fraud, should I bust my PhD advisor?
Why would master student spend more than the normal duration to complete master degree?
How much does a professional qualification e.g. CChem add to applications for permanent academic positions or early career fellowships?
Can a maths undergraduate apply for a physics PhD?
Applying for internship in the US as a European Student
How to find the right balance between details and the main ideas?
Requesting exemption of some assignments for holidays
How do professors choose their summer salary?
Is it appropriate for a student to have an advisor who is also a family member?
How much does video broadcasting on youtube benefit you academic life?
Should I ask for each recommendation letter separately?
How to cope with lab noise?
Should I resend the emails if professor do not reply to my email?
Research assistant wishes to remain anonymous, what to write in the acknowledgement?
Can I re-submit a rejected manuscript to same Journal after 2 years
Referencing pages of articles and books
Reporting yet-to-be completed graduate study on CV
Role of math in Computer Science
I want to opensource my code. Is it legal? Can I still publish?
Transform a project into a paper?
Activities for welcome event for incoming PhD students?
Is it possible to work from my parents' home on a postdoc?
What to do about negative teaching evaluations during job interviews?
Am I obligated to work on a project unrelated to my thesis because PI asked me to?
If the arXiv had referees, would conventional journal publications still make sense?
Is it important to dress in formal clothing for a postdoc interview?
Can a high school student involved in a college credit program get an arXiv endorsement?
How to improve graduate student recruitment at a small, good, but non-elite department?
As a presenter, should I attend all days of conference?
Professor ranking system
How to answer "Your experience in supervision of research students"?
How can I help my advisor not lose face when changing from a thesis to non-thesis program?
Is it appropriate to promote my article to a professor related to the article's field?
Roughly what date do NSF Postdoc Fellowship announcements occur?
want to teach but not do research
Can I request references from people in the program I'm applying to?
Meaning of et al. when referring to multiple papers with the same first author
Jumping from an ABA to an MBA?
How to respond to a citation request which is not relevant?
Publishing (and being cited) in youtube, twitter, or facebook
Possible to defend myself from plagiarism in draft thesis?
Is it reasonable to request an exemption from certain degree requirements?
Can an outsider use university facilities for a technical discussion group?
What are the exceptional key points of a CV that attracts the research grant commette's attention?
What consequences are there if, having already graduated and received my degree, I do not pay up my tuition fees?
Do Mathematics Grad schools in the US expect a research paper from a Masters Student for admission into a PhD Program?
“Awaiting EE Decision” in Manuscript Central – what does it mean?
How to deal with my own sloppy research published when I was an undergrad?
Should I omit my master's supervisor from Referees list in PhD Application?
Are there examples of more efficient funding systems than grant applications?
Contacting Potential PhD Supervisor: Including grades
How to avoid "presentism" or "historical transposition" in writing papers?
Naming a library or program partially after a school
Selecting license for personal professional site's content
Double or single quotation marks non-obvious citation in citation?
Describing Middle School in european grant application
Do I need to cite someone repeatedly?
Losing my TA-ship, need advice
How can a commentary be published before the commentary it’s commenting on?
Career options after teaching oriented position
Tax incentives for private companies to fund academic research
Graduate Admissions and Earlier Programs
Unconscious bias toward recommendation letters written by men?
Half points and IELTS overall band score categories
How can I email a CS professor looking for Phd. students?
How to ask dumb questions
Do citations of the arXiv version of an article transfer to its journal version after publication?
Should I mention that I'm able to self fund my degree in my SOP?
Should I use Japanese title for Japanese people instead of English title?
How can I get a list of citations for a DoI or PubMed ID?
Should I wait to upskill myself or contact professor about the PhD opening asap?
Can I cite in a caption?
How to address the ability to work with culturally diverse populations and on interdisciplinary teams in an academic job application?
asking professor to fund Master's student
Should I use a Berkeley professor's recommendation with other colleges?
Researcher with Startup Company - Conflicts of Interest?
In what engineering field can i study renewable energies in the USA?
What determines you have learned a (theoretical) subject?
MS in USA with very LOW grades and 16 backlog (cleared)
Possible to leave a contract academic position shortly after signing new contract?
Is there a way around the three letters of recommendation?
How best to approach an industry based research program at another university (with independent ideas)
Some postdoc positions do not have deadlines, but will open until filled. What is happening?
How to list "Visiting Student" on my CV?
Power of a Department Chair?
What is the time and topic etiquette for a first meeting with a professor to discuss research?
First meeting with my PhD supervisor
Will it improve my PhD applications if I take a gap year to work on research?
Dullness vs. going overboard: Should I be calling people 'enfants terribles' in an academic paper?
How to format code in a thesis (Word document)?
Should I require a student to acknowledge or change a color scheme from a common paper?
Why do tenured professors still publish in pay-walled venues?
Risks of shifting to post-publication review
Would you discourage your undergrad from taking a year off to work on a self-devised project?
Trying to get into undergraduate research, is it discouraged to contact both the PhD students and the professor?
What are the pros and cons to writing the same paper in two languages?
Why journals ask for potential reviewers' details during submission of a manuscript?
Effect on image of a vanity award on CV/Profile
How to address Phd dissertation committee members in email?
Contact Prof for Course-Based Master Admission?
Effect of project coordination task on academic profile
How to withdraw a published paper when former boss seems to be raising ethical and data integrity issues with the editor?
How to deal with people looking at their mobile phone during my presentation?
What should I do with a paper I've translated?
How to leave graduate school without pain
Which format should I use to submit a paper for review?
Where to include acknoledgement for used graphics
Receiving comments on one's article
What is my responsibility to my lab after I graduate?
How early should one request a letter of recommendation for graduate school?
How many referees is too many for a journal or conference paper submission?
Justification that 'good exposition' is uniquely defined
Can I get masters and PhD in CSE in USA?
What level of computer skills should a university instructor expect students in a business class to have?
Is it rude not to take a course with your adviser?
Giving back to my undergrad program
Is it bad style to use time-related adverbs (like "recently") in academic writing?
What percentage of links posted in published articles are dead?
Former professor wants an update to write a recommendation letter, should I include a bad grade?
Concern about possible conflicts between research sharing policies
How can we perpetuate reproducibility?
How do I add in an already existing GPA into my cumulative GPA?
I have made my independent research available as a book on my website. Why is it not celebrated by the mathematics community?
Would it be ethical of a student for him/her to act as a proofreader/editor for other students' essays and homework?
When replicating results, what should I do when the author didn't use the method the paper said they did?
Would requiring students to use Twitter as an integral part of a course potentially conflict with FERPA?
How to use a summary of a paper that references to another paper?
Can/Should I add CRAN package to my work published?
Ways to get free and legal access to research papers as a researcher
Code sharing between co-authors
Permanent document identifier requirement for DBLP indexing?
What's the standard text that I should put at the bottom of a handout containing unpublished data, asking people not to cite it?
What are some examples of negative effects on a career for boycotting Elsevier journals?
How often do publishers sue researchers for copyright infringement for putting their articles on a personal website?
Taking courses beyond requirements in a Ph.D. program
What does "open" mean in science?
Can open science project be performed/published by non-scientists?
How can I protect open research from being plagiarised?
Are there any organisations which approve or manage open science projects?
What criteria does a research project need to match to be called open science?
How do open science practices affect tenure and promotion decisions?
What criteria need to be matched to be able to distribute a research article openly?
Do some publishers offer to host a mirror of webpages used as a reference?
Are virtual machines good for reproducibility and open science?
Could StackExchange be used to "do" open science?
What should I do if I cannot afford a journal Article Processing Charge?
What is the difference between "Green" and "Gold" Open Access?
Percentage of the world population with subscription journal access?
Do I have to sign a copyright transfer agreement to publish an article?
Why don't grants from publicly-funded organizations systematically demand code and data to be released?
How much does it cost the publisher to publish an academic article?
How to deal with sensitive individual data in open science?
An example of a researcher being 'scooped' as a result of working openly?
How do I get a DOI for a dataset?
How to protect scientific open research from being patented?
What is a "provisional transcript, stating your provisional grades"?
What level of sponsor ownership is normal for an industry-sponsored research project?
What is the equivalent of "good honors degree" in terms of universities in EU
How to select dates and times of office hours for the benefit of students and instructors?
How should a non-native English presenter respond to a question they did not understand?
How to respond to "When are you graduating" when I'm behind
A private, third party wants to fully fund one's PhD studies. How would one mention this in an admissions essay?
How inclusive should my CV's publications be?
Cite a Twitter conversation?
Should I provide experimental results for a paper presenting an algorithm?
Is it alright to reapply to a PhD program you got rejected from if you work on your application?
Is it ethical (or legal, if applicable) to say you have a degree in X if your degree was in "X and Y" (single major)?
Leave postdoc in the middle of contract to start work with another professor while being in one postdoctoral research
Is it possible to use Reddit as a source?
Do citations of an edited volume of which I wrote one chapter count towards my own bibliometric indicators?
Proper timing for submitting a paper
What are the general rules for faculty attendance?
Kavli Frontiers of Science: is it a worthwhile use of one's time?
Total Grant Amount or Amount from Government on CV
How to avoid plagiarism when working on an idea not developed from a student who quit the PhD program?
How should I email my graduate advisor if I did not hear anything?
Value of an industry postdoc for an R&D career in industry
In email applications should the text of the cover letter be stated directly in the email or be attached in a separate file?
Is it appropriate to include a talk one has given into an application to show familiarity with a certain topic?
Is there a rule of thumb for defining the scope and depth of the Related Work section in a thesis?
What does “auditing a course” mean?
How to get a scholarship for PhD?
Dealing with conflicting deadlines for positions
How to cite primary source that's also featured in a book
Can I use my university email address for job applications?
Disclaimer in syllabus, a good or bad idea for instructor and students?
Are there any new(er) models of publishing/reviewing and if so how will they address the problems that we have today?
How to find the right balance between a challenging and an enjoyable mathematics exercise session?
What supporting documents to send along grad school application?
What determines the copyright year for a publication?
What is the difference (if any) between a postdoctoral fellow and a postdoctoral intern?
What non-research activities are most valuable when applying for faculty positions in mathematics?
Plagiarism Checker
Is it ethical to offer a student a job during the final weeks of his thesis if you are partly grading it?
Do you have to be invited to write a review?
Choose dissertation topic for masters in computer science
Is it acceptable to reference a stackexchange question in an academic paper?
Can someone call themselves Dr. so and so (ABD)?
How to deal with advisor who wants me to submit dissertation on time even though there's a major problem?
Is reviewing papers mandatory?
How do departments evaluate and update their course requirements?
Personal statement to apply for graduate school with a change in major
How can an undergraduate Computer Engineer start making publications before his Thesis?
What can I do if I want to publish my PhD thesis work as is, but my advisor wants months of additional work?
Should universities give extra time or related accommodations for students with mental illnesses?
First-authorship was taken by my Master's supervisor; how to strengthen my PhD application?
Forgot to email a professor back about a research opportunity. What to expect?
Any advice for a class that has prerequisites?
What is a "good" PhD dropout rate, and how would we know?
Why do top universities prefer candidates with work experience for their MBA programmes?
Experiment by using a Matlab's demo data set and publish to journal/conference
Who to invite to as a speaker?
2nd post doc or job in industry?
Ways of encouraging companies to participate in survey for my doctoral reseach
How to assign authorship when publishing with Bachelor's and Master's students
How should I inform my advisor about struggles with Aspergers syndrome?
How to make lessons more concrete for undergraduate students when my institution lacks lab facilities?
Why do faculty use the software "Blackboard"?
What makes for a "strong" LoR for graduate application?
Lack of letter of recommendation due to long-term research experience
Should I cite my undergraduate thesis in my paper?
Is there any field in which applicants to PhD programs (in any part of the world) usually have publications?
Ask for funding before or after applying
Best aspect ratio for conference presentations?
From thesis text to slides. How to ease the process?
Is it conventional to acknowledge someone who read a draft of paper but didn't suggest any improvements?
Is it inappropriate to decline presenting paper on behalf of someone else (outside my expertise)?
Breadth vs. depth of reading in preparation for postgraduate study
Is it appropriate for employers recruiting students to ask professors for syllabi of their classes?
Perennial link to a research article
The university does not want me to include my advisor's name on my PhD dissertation
Is it acceptable to submit a postdoc fellowship application (same lab, same project) to two funding agencies at the same time?
Does it make sense to apply for research positions requiring a bachelor's degree with graduation still 4 months away?
Does this ProQuest "docview" URL include a DOI?
Two years into my PhD program, and Mom is dying of cancer. Should I tell my advisor about it?
Article with unspecified-but-present authorship ("consensus document")
On the possible obsolescence of research paper titles starting with "On the ..."
Information to be included in brochure about new undergraduate programme for admissions committees
Using code from github for own thesis
Final graduation thesis - Team members won't cooperate anymore
Apply too many schools? Prof tired of sending out recommendation letter?
How to finish my PhD dissertation before funding runs out?
Joining a professor's research group that is full
Does anyone actually publish "structured proofs"?
Professor that refuses to fail students - should I talk with him?
Is it common practice in the US for students to propose master thesis topics themselves, or do labs have a list of topics to pick from?
Giving a talk on a paper whose authorship is not finalized
Advisor asking me to do review work after my PhD is finished
When to apply for NSF funding?
Is it unethical/unscientific to omit outlier data in a publication when they are in FAVOR of your argument?
Is it legal to add your publications to ResearchGate?
Why is it so hard to convince professors to write recommendation letters for me?
How do I comment the code I wrote for a course I am lecturing in?
Should I let my professor know that I cited a text written by him....that I pirated from online
How do I tell my PhD advisor that I'm about to start medications that impair my cognition?
When asked to clarify a point to the reviewer, should I do so in the paper itself or the response to reviewer?
Research adviser is trying to give my thesis to another student. What to do?
Will a dishonesty incident destroy the chances of getting into a good PhD program?
Is having a master's thesis important for US PhD applications in linguistics?
How to get better at teaching from the board?
Best practice of presenting running time results?
If supervisor has no expertise in your research work, is it possible to do a PhD under that supervisor?
TA talks to others about students, what to do?
How to alleviate "back to school" anxiety as a graduate student?
How will study as a non-degree student affect my graduate admissions chances later?
Is it bad practice to use examples from textbooks in your in-class teaching?
How do I politely ask a professor to contact another professor he knows to accept me as PhD student?
In a statement of purpose for a PhD in computer science in the US is it better to express interest in a single subdiscipline or multiple?
How to shorten the list of authors in case of joint first authorship?
Citing line numbers of a one-page text in MLA format
Nonacademic Letter of Recommendation for Masters
Having students scribe lectures: can the instructor choose any license?
What is the name of the office in an institution where graduates and alumni are helped with employment?
Is it appropriate to add a co-author at the stage revise & resubmit?
How far into the program should a doctoral candidate transfer to a different school?
Pure math field for PhD when planning to go into industry
What are the best questions to ask a PI upon the first meeting to join some of his projects?
Is it OK to review a manuscript written by an editor who handled (and accepted) one of your papers?
Recommendation letters: The more the better?
How to prepare enough material for my class?
Vertices & edges vs. nodes & links
Is it necessary to submit papers to IEEE conference which are PDF Express Plus approved?
Professor wants to change my thesis' interpretation in favor of his research. How to react?
What are some bad effects of bullets in presentations?
Is it normal for an instructor to charge students to complete copyrighted homework?
Organizing data and files
What is the point of a lecture when you have a textbook?
Etiquette regarding multiple letters of recommendation
Publishing in PNAS
How to prepare for a graduate school fair?
Why do professors list current position of their students on their webpages?
If I didn't learn much in my PhD program, should I do a coursework-based masters in the same field?
Project websites - Increasing visibility or wasting time?
Should a student shake hands with the professor?
Revisiting a paper?
Does the reviewer ever get the same manuscript twice?
Why do people say you shouldn't do a PhD unless you want a career in research?
How to write critique in a paper?
How to recruit participants for online experiments?
Changing affiliation after getting a position in another university
How to cite a paper with erratum?
Is a lecturer job early in my career a bad thing?
process of acquiring tenure
Is it bad form to use the word “novel” when describing your own work in a paper?
Most effective free software for publication-grade structure diagrams
Revision letter and grammatical errors
Do authors usually receive a copy of the whole journal issue when they publish a paper?
With regards to PhD theses, what level of knowledge should one assume the reader to have? And, if needed, where should basic information be placed?
How do I co-author my first paper?
Get a second master to have better references?
How to properly cite a domain-specific result of a generic concept from a paper?
What are the common mistakes PhD candidates make in their final defense session?
Mailing list for internships and full time jobs for computer science PhD students
Should I always provide my current affilition and address when a paper got accepted?
Are there any publications that explain the origin of conventions of authorship order by field?
Saying no to miscellaneous administrative tasks as a Grad student
First paper published, follow-up paper rejected by editor as out of scope?
Sign of researcher's professional maturity
How should I let a professor know that I don't want to work for her?
Do editors of other journals get asked to review papers?
Can I add an inscription on a bachelor thesis that I have been working on for almost a year?
Are there ranking for Master's programs (sciences, subject specific)
Should a program I have not finished yet be mentioned in the SOP?
Postdoc recommendation letters: The European-American gap and how to overcome it
What should I do after advisor got upset when I expressed "belief in evolution" and then said he couldn't add me to his research team?
Is it okay to submit manuscript to arXiv after "revise and resubmit"?
What can I do with my paper that is out of a work which contains no improvement of the methodology?
Future enrollment in a CV
Should I acknowledge the source of a problem in a math assignment?
Fired/project given to another postdoc during F32 fellowship
What's the best way to share a Zotero collection (without creating a new "group" collection)
Reviewer wants me to do x - Should I admit I don't have the resources to do so although I think it's a good idea?
Should a degree in an unrelated field be included in CV?
Why is Scottish BSc (Hons) 4 years while English BSc (Hons) is 3 years?
How to create a grading rubric that properly incentivizes and challenges students
How you choose the literature you read (Advice)
How to mention one year PhD gap on a CV / Resume
Listing books read on a CV for undergraduate research in mathematics
How to handle a subawardee that is not performing?
Is it wise to get another PhD in statistics after finishing PhD in math?
Why would a "poorly written" paper get a reject and resubmit decision rather than major revision?
Etiquettes and content of review text for replying to reviewer comments?
How can a would-be researcher overcome slow comprehension, obsession and poor communication skills?
Are there open-access, free, non-topical academic data and research archives?
In US, is it possible to have a non-tenure position for the whole career
Is it recommended not to have a figure on the first page of an IEEE journal article?
First sentence of a research proposal
Should I accept suggestion to move my name to the front in a field where authorship is usually alphabetical?
Why do some US states have multiple universities?
Opportunities for physics PhD students to study/research pure math
PhD student hiring a LaTeX expert to typeset thesis?
Is a tree/graph visualization of methods literature a useful addition to lit review?
Can you present data on non-participants?
What is the difference between a Panel Study and a Cohort Study?
Is there an open crowd-based peer-review tool?
Paper review: The editor is from the same university as the first author and asking for a meeting
When to approach my dissertation supervisor?
Is it legal in the US for a student to download a copy of a textbook, to study?
Referencing references within a quote
Is all research connected via citations?
How to contact the Department Chair or Graduate Program Director?
Is it better to choose recommenders by discipline or by familiarity?
Register as a listener to access course materials with no intent to attend lectures
Special character from an arXiv paper title displayed incorrectly in Google Scholar
To what degree does earning a pure math PhD in dynamical systems limit my career options outside of academia
Is it OK to edit my undergraduate thesis results?
Is choosing a journal editor in submitting a paper an important step?
Where to put declaration in phd thesis?
Tell supervisor I am unhappy with grading even though grades won't change
Should I cite logos and clip-art in my thesis?
Could a paper that's just a title and abstract be listed as a publication in CV?
Simultaneous working papers strategy
How to be a reviewer?
What can I do if I wrote a grant proposal with a professor, and now that it is funded he refuses to hire me?
How does PLOS ONE maintain its impact factor?
Paper work came to halt - what can I do?
What's the most efficient way to schedule a joint meeting with multiple faculties?
Is there any reason to register the copyright to your PhD dissertation with the US Copyright Office?
The initial hump of a master's program
Approaches to finding potential collaborators and co-authors
What is a better point in an academic career to move to the U.S.: as an assistant professor or after tenure?
How to include an unpublished work other than a preprint site (i.e.arXiv) in CS PhD Application
How to find universities helping commercialization of research
Writing On the Board vs. Showing Slides
How to deal with presentation time running out in a scientific conference?
When to offer co-authorship vs asking for feedback
If I were to ask a professor on sabbatical to consult with him on a paper I'm writing, would I be imposing on him?
In my second year of a three year PhD program and I now hate research. What career can I do?
Is there more competition for postdoc/faculty positions in the biological sciences, compared to similar positions in the health sciences?
Are postdocs students or staff when calculating staff/student ratios?
Should I be careful who I share my unpublished results with?
How important academic affiliation really is for getting published in a reputable journal?
Publish a paper with a coauthor not affiliated to a university
Why do reviewers need to be selected again for a revised paper?
How to cite regularly published editorials that have no specific titles?
Conversation between freshman from senior high school and retired professor who suffers from Alzheimer's disease
Is "scribe" a pejorative or a neutral term?
Is it frowned upon to have a figure in the introduction of a Masters thesis?
What is the difference between a taught and research MSc and a research MPhil degree?
Mathematics or software engineering?
Breaking into research oriented tenure-track positions from teaching track
Should I contact potential referees for a job application?
Acknowledge receipt of email or answer it?
At which part of the paper is it better to cite R packages?
Is there a code of ethics for Ph.D. supervisors?
How to prepare for a "grind" mathematics exam?
Is it possible to attend my "backup" school but reapply to my top choice and go there if accepted?
Asking Professor for Letter of Recommendation before finishing class
What can I do to make figures I've created generally available so others can use them?
How much work is preparing a MOOC-ish course
Which to cite: Review and Survey papers or Research papers?
How do I cite one technical report from a project collection?
Geographic differences in bioethics and effect on experimental research in biology
Lack of supervision at end of PhD - how approach publishing?
How to politely reject a request for a letter of recommendation for a professor
When applying for a postdoc, the contact person is not the professor I want to work with, what shall I do?
What to say in one-minute presentation of a poster in a scientific conference?
What are some strategies for dealing with feedback from multiple people?
Timely review process by reviewers
How to give a short talk at big math conference (section talk)?
Status of Elsevier Boycott
Should I report cheating to my professor? If so, how?
Can a successful, prestigious post-doc make up for a PhD from a mid-ranked university and make you competitive for a tenure-track position?
Demand code and/or data as a condition of peer review?
How to create an environment in which students can report teacher-student sexual harassment?
What to do when reviewers want you to expand on introduction and discussion but you have space limitation?
PI published my work after I graduated without informing me (and with a different first author)
What is the best approach to fix the date in a weekly seminar/colloquium with the potential speakers by email
When submitting PhD proposals in the humanities in the UK, are students expected to have already applied for funding?
Should the website contain information which is discouraged to have in the CV?
Is it okay to upload slides based on others papers?
Negative percentages in a table of data
Would the announcement of penalty for blank answers in a test improve the global results of the class?
Is it safe to list my publications on the Internet if I am being stalked?
How to convince labmate to graduate? Graduating, in a 2 person research group?
When can/can't I upload full-text to researchgate?
Can I publish my Master's Thesis that I've claimed copyright on?
Citations in a Paper After the Whole Quotation is Shown
Is it common to be given 6 months for a minor revision outcome?
How to review a paper that relies heavily on references to unpublished work?
When do I use a footnote in a thesis and when do I use parenthesis for extra information?
Style guide for statement of purpose?
Citing only e-books in Bachelor thesis
Will I be regarded as academic dishonest if I submit one paper to a conference as well as a journal?
Business card for Ph.D. student - what should be included?
"Retrofitting" sources
What is a good way to proofread for a journal article?
Who should be proofreading journal articles?
Is it possible to make a decision upon a manuscript just within a month?
Transferring / re-applying to PhD programs - Humanities
How do I look up grant information of PIs in Germany?
Asking professor about certainty of a new opportunity
Repeat same table or figure in different chapters or use cross references?
Is having recommendation letter writers from the searching institution valuable?
Why does Google Scholar combine my journal paper with its arXiv version only in my profile?
Lecturer ridiculing me in front of class for making a mistake
Feasibility of moving from US to France for a postdoc opportunity
Is it unwise to contact the professor directly before getting admitted to a program in US?
Is it ethical to keep authorized readings after course is over?
How to find top authors with most papers in a particular journal
Non academic career for PhD in Biology
Distinctions between programs, departments, and institutes
Does the second round of reviewing process typically take a longer time than first round?
Can a college drop-out successfully re-enter academia?
Electronics Engineer Doing a Bachelor Thesis in Physics
9 years too late to ask for letter of support?
How to obtain a degree equivalency certificate in UK?
How can I address several deans in a letter?
Who has the right to bestow a professor title? (government or university)
What is the difference between open access and open archive?
What quality do top schools look for, besides normal requirements?
SpringerPlus asked me to review a paper already published
As a student, how to deal with low quality tools in lab assignments?
Should I use abbreviations such as PDE or DN map in a paper?
How to deal with repeated resubmissions of a bad paper (as a reviewer)?
How reasonable is it to ask my referees to send their recommendation letters to me?
Given a "Date Revision Due" for revised submission of a journal paper, am I required to submit before the beginning or the end of that date?
How does one effectively assign mathematics homework when all answers to all questions are available online?
Official Transcripts: Applying to Previous University
Approaching someone outside my department for work experience
Timezone of "AoE" for a conference submission deadline?
Commercial product with the same functiality as my research project
Applying for tenured positions while on sabbatical
A weaker version of a published theorem with a simpler method; what should be done?
Can I write two separate Resumes to apply for two different graduate programs in same university?
Are there statistical techniques specific to computer science research?
Graduate school applications with papers in the peer review process
How to research about professors wisely?
How Scopus CSAB plan to evaluate a submitted journal's citedness in Scopus?
Qualitative approach to evaluation of academic production
Short term grant for travel/relocation costs when starting a PhD
Admin/teaching workload in a UK university, compared to other research universities
My work was published before me. What should I do?
Editor says "the paper will not be acceptable within a reasonable number of revisions": is it worth appealing the rejection?
How can I find out if someone really holds a doctoral degree?
How can I tell if an unsolicited offer to publish a book with Springer is legit?
Unable to grade student assignment in blackboard
Do I ask the editor of the rejecting journal where to submit next?
1st year Ph.D. student in Computer Science - want to switch fields
GRE verbal: Score per Question
Recommendation letter for college applicant sent via their high school
What is the average number of references in a PhD thesis in the humanities?
How to export Google Scholar keyword search results to Excel?
Why don't journal publishers ask for proof of affiliation?
Referring to papers by myself and others in my thesis
How and where should images be cited?
Novel-like writing style often sacrifices clarity and accessibility, is it ok to use it in scientific texts?
Do I have to include thesis topic/advisor name after career change?
I found a mistake in my master thesis's code
What does it mean if a professor does not respond to an email about research in a week
Should I hold the same writing standards for international students as I do for domestic students?
"Research Statement" vs. "Research Plan" for assistant professor applications
Should a TA be doing software development for the professor?
How to work with a RA unwilling to work with me?
What to do with students coming to office hours asking to check their homework?
Updating an application for a faculty position
How can students with varied interests decide which to pursue in graduate school?
Obtaining feedback from supervisors
How do I check the indexing of journals in databases?
Where Self-plagiarism Begins and Where it Ends
Can a university retract a degree for actions taken after the degree is awarded?
Confusion of self assessment for math PhD schools
How and why would I "claim ownership" of a paper on arXiv?
Applying for PHD programs in FLORIDA. I have a question about legal questions?
How do I include a journal article draft in my dissertation?
Is it common for a journal to reject a paper after accepting it subject to minor revisions?
What if the lecturer is not rigorous?
Is admission standard for math PhD significantly higher than that for physics PhD?
What, if anything, is accomplished by formal assessment?
Recommendation letter from alumni
Can I pursue Masters in a field different to the one in which I got my Bachelors degree?
How will a 'fail' in a course affect chances at graduate school admission?
Should the desire to go back to one's country after graduation be written in the statement of purpose?
Article citation tracking
Salary chart interpretation: "M.A" vs "60 Units includes MA" vs "M.A. plus 35 Grad Units"
Received no confirmation from editor of article receipt
Resumé – how to include grant awarded to my undergraduate project but is part of a bigger grant?
How to explain to a student that it is common to include a supervisor as a co-author?
Handwritten keys and ADA compliance
Should there be a space between a value and the units used?
For PhD admissions is it better to be a first author on a workshop paper or a co-author on a conference paper
Can an F1-visa student pursuing masters in US teach in community college?
How to find graduate programs in chemistry based on my research interests
Do not have the right tools for my thesis problem
How valuable is a conference paper in Avionics and Aerospace Engineering?
Affiliated institution wants to remove name from already published paper?
Master's Thesis - using wikipedia contents in application
Is it worthwhile to retake the GRE (math) subject test?
PhD in US university after German MSc
Can committees see the list of all recipients when I send them my GRE score?
How to judge length of exams when teaching undergraduate engineering
Difference in length of study between Europe and the states?
How do i advance my research career and publish papers without university affiliation?
Applying for a Physics Masters as an international student
High impact PhD thesis? Or just incremental improvement?
What is "target decision date" in sciencedirect-publishing journal?
Is graduating early from college or transferring to another college fine if I took all the upper level courses?
How should a teaching assistant explain his absence to the course instructor?
In IEEE conferences is it necessary run the simulation in front of the members?
What information to share and what to hide?
Should I add my business experience in my application of master program in math?
I want to completely redo my thesis without repeating the research course. Has anyone had a similar experience?
What is the correct way to cite the theorems which grew out of your personal discussions with someone else?
How to deal with email unresponsiveness?
A journal is interested in my column proposal, but so is another journal that initially rejected it. What are my obligations?
Under what circumstances it is appropriate to add a team as a co-author, and how should I do so?
What's co-supervisors duty?
How essential is curiosity?
Asking for "more" during office hours?
Patent agent work from the research career perspective
Is really PhD necessary for someone who wants to work in industry
What should I do if I believe my former advisor is alleging to journal editors that I have copied his study?
I think I have discovered an interesting result as an independent researcher in mathematics, can I use this to gain admission to a PhD program?
Should I talk about service in my job application?
How do I cite same reference multiple times in a paper?
Do I need a PhD in mathematics if my goal is to teach at the undergraduate level?
Should I emphasize my existing PhD in my master's application?
Is having a job that you love an advantage or disadvantage when applying for a Masters?
What exactly is a research paper?
Answering "Why are you applying to our university?"-type question in the statement of purpose
Answering "Why do you want to become a research mathematician?"-type questions in a statement of purpose
Differences between German computer science doctorates
What can professors do to encourage properly written email messages from students?
How to shut ears to office gossip?
What level of French education is generally considered to be equivalent to a U.S. Bachelor's degree: 3rd year of Licence or 1st year of Master?
How much information should I include in my lecture slides?
Is it common for universities to have multiple boards (eg, a General Planning Board, a Finance Board, etc.) and what is the typical name for these?
What is the correct way of citing scientific publications?
University club executive committee
Attending lectures for a course I already passed?
How can I digitally typeset math?
Dry erase boards: glass vs. white board
how to evaluate the quality of scientific journal?
Add author to existing arXiv paper?
What's the best way to justify your choice of baseline methods for academic paper?
How to emphasize special issue publications in a CV?
Student research proposal for project continued from past year
Scientific poster by an industry researcher: What do I put as contact information?
Should self-citations be excluded when calculating the h-index?
Include reference strictly at first occurrence, or in detailed discussion?
Sending reminder for LOR and asking them to do it early?
PhD advisor wrote a review of my PhD work without me, any grounds for complaint?
Changing research group during a PhD
Is this considered "research worth publishing" in computer science?
Quality and quantity of contribution to a scientific field from an industry position
When applying to grad school: GPA vs Prestige
Recent publication versus old, crappy letters of recommendation?
What types of questions should I ask in a cold-email to a professor?
Poster: Block spills over column: Should I write "continued"?
Depth and difficulty of mandatory courses that could be elective
Is there any way to detect high tech (e.g. cell-phone assisted) academic dishonesty?
Referring to non-enumerated (sub)sections of a paper
Some typos in my formulas in my thesis
Are computer skills degrading?
Do Academic Titles Matter in CV?
Is this a tired phrase? -- journal article titles that start with "Towards a theory of..."
Should I put two loosely related results into one paper?
Should I still use "Dear Prof." to begin an email to a professor that I know?
Why is it unethical to share the contents of an exam with students who haven't taken it yet?
Strategies for facing an "impossible" required course for PhD
Can I conduct psychology research involving my restaurant customers without their explicit consent?
Is it possible to participate as a research assistant as a nondegree student?
Adding Authors After Manuscript Acceptance
Does a person enter a PhD from a masters program, or is applying to PhD a separate process?
How do I know what schools are within my reach for graduate school in math?
Weight of undergraduate grades when applying for a Ph.D
What is the difference between MBA and Masters in a business subject, and which is better for a future researcher?
What is the difference between DBLP and Microsoft Academic Search Graph Dataset?
Are GREs required for US postdocs?
Requesting LORs from the same recommenders for a different field
Journals that require IRB approval as a matter of policy
Willingness to share ideas that could turn into a paper
Is going to institute the same as going to grad school?
What is the difference between research assistantship and teaching assistantship?
How to email professors as a prospective grad student?
Feeling frustrated by colleagues' behavior, considering leaving the university
What are some good ways to take a break during the academic workday?
Because of past conflicts, I don't believe my advisor will write me a good LOR for postdoc positions. What should I do?
How did Academia create and/or solve the chicken-and-egg problem of having a PhD?
Setting expectations regarding hourly pay and research work schedule when busy with coursework
Accessing a "forgotten" Google scholar account
How to ensure that a reference letter is sent on time if not knowing the reliability of a referee?
Should a special issue follow the regular frequency of the journal or separately?
Can a list of scientific numbers be shortened with only the final having the exponent?
As a graduate student, is it better to use a Gmail address or name@mywebsite.com?
Can I use data and images found online in my project report, under the fair use clause in copyright law?
Does peer-reviewing for journals/conferences which advertise to attract reviewers; harm one's academic reputation?
To what extent is it acceptable to copy definitions from reference materials?
Do I need to make a Bachelor's thesis to apply to a master's degree from a top 100 University in the world?
Can you apply for a PhD that requires an MSc when only 2/3 of MSc grades will be in by application time?
I feel burned out after finishing my master. Should I take year off before the PhD?
Postdoc Funding for an American looking to do a postdoc in europe (in Theoretical Computer Science)
Could I continue in my preferred field whilst working on a post-doc in a different field?
Theoretical paper without implementation and results
Citations - when should you add the initial?
How to tackle papers filled with unknown vocabulary
What level of detail should be included in a CV when listing the courses assisted?
How to overcome discouragement on finding major error in work just before paper submission?
Can a professor require that I collect personal data from family members for an assignment?
Repeating courses and doing enriched courses as extras to help boost a torpedo'd GPA (math programs)
What incentive does an institution have to hire expensive research staff instead of having PhD students fill all those roles?
How to organize digital documents for administrative work?
Getting back into academics after an industry stint: what can I do while still in industry to improve my research profile?
How to write a list of citations
How to publish a Paper?
Should I provide a letter of recommendation/reference to every asking student?
Reasons for not releasing mark schemes for past exams?
How to refer to a source with typos in the title?
New paper which is very similar, but subtly different, from previous paper
Rejecting a paper after final acceptance notice
Applying to Ph.D. programs in history when my degree is in a science field
Will a letter of recommendation from a postdoc fellow be valued for applying a PhD program?
Getting a letter of recommendation from university
Can I bring up past work in the discussion?
Can I ask for a LOR from a teacher that didn't teach any of my classes?
Publishing academic research in more than one field
Does the time spent doing a PhD count towards research experience for job applications?
How long does it take to publish in IEEE transaction
How to figure out timing for working on and submitting independent research?
Is it a good idea for an applicant to a graduate program to call a potential supervisor, if he does not answer emails?
How to increase chances of getting into American universities as a foreigner?
Will taking a temporary staff position between post-docs end my academic (tenure track aspirations) career
How to Reference a Long Breakdown of a Mathematical Model from Another Thesis?
Relationship with potential Phd dissertation supervisor
Is having done research a must when applying to a graduate program in CS?
What recent research looks at how scientific theories are established?
Why do people in academia tend to write their email address with "(dot)", "(at)", instead of ".", "@"?
How to explain in PhD interview about leaving current PhD due to lack of funding?
I believe my department is failing to enforce standards in doctoral examinations. How to proceed?
What is the distribution of payoffs in research?
Official reference doesn't include author
Is there a more user-friendly way to download multiple articles from arXiv?
Common basic information and research for journal club presentation
How to deal with extra points in exams?
What can I do if the terms of my adjunct contract are not what I was led to believe they would be?
What is meant when a job says PhD or equivalent required?
Getting accepted to a funded PhD in the UK with low MSc grades
What does the typical workflow of a journal look like?
"Awaiting AE recommendation" before first notification of acceptance or rejection
Academic Appeal
GPA in MBA programme?
Tongue slip problem in presentation even after a good amount of practice
Am I taking the Right steps at Switching from Geoinformatics Bsc to Information Technology Msc?
Finding all communication related to any research paper
Are there any meta studies that look at cost-per-paper of funded projects?
How do I submit interdependent papers?
Can I get a PhD at another Uni?
Alternatives to Google Scholar, dblp to measure scientific impact of a research article?
Second time chance for applying in one university
Can asking for travel and equipment support hurt a grant application?
Low undergrad GPA, how should I inform a tenure track faculty job search committee?
What are some good ways to lead a discussion session for a TA in a graduate-level STEM class?
Professor told me up front that she normally doesn't write letters for students who haven't done as much work with her
Is it OK to discuss a student's work without them present?
UK MSc vs MEng when applying for PhD and Chartered Engineer
Mentioning a Professor and his comment in a mail without his permission
Is it considered unusual in the United States for a professor to run a class outside on the grass?
Why do American universities receive lots of endowments?
Is the idea of "boarding university" still a formal policy?
Should I change the format of preprint before publishing it as a working paper?
Writing a research paper
"The file is not eligible for Reference Checking and was not processed"
Why conference chair asks for accepted papers sources?
Can the decision to admit a PhD student be made by a single professor?
Difference between slides and poster presentation
PhD Dissertation Introduction: What to call section on thesis structure/overview?
Is attending conferences while teaching considered an absence?
Why are most of the top universities American?
Should I reply to emails for grad school that appear to be non specific?
How to balance lecture participation and not being considered a show-off?
How to deal with an abusive advisor?
Desaturation of academic (TT) job market in Mathematics and the Sciences
Teaching a student (as a TA) when there is flirting, etc. and mutual interest
Using the title of famous books as titles in presentations
Issue about continuing PhD and sue university
Is it common to work concurrently on projects with PIs other than your advisor?
Can I call a professor to ask for a letter of recommendation if I can't show up in person?
Does university have any cultural mission?
Too busy with coursework to do research, can I transfer from CS Masters to a PhD in another school?
Are public lectures popular in USA?
Is "party ranking" a genuine ranking system?
Can I submit the same article, which is written in two different languages, to two different journals simultaneously?
Moving from chemistry to oceanography as a current chemistry PhD student?
Quantum information Science PhD position interview
Can I get into an Australian PhD program in computer science without a masters degree, with a dual BSc degree?
what MS options are available for a student interested in computer vision and image processing?
What are the masters options available for getting into computer vision and image processing research from an electronics background?
How to avoid training a harasser
Graduate school that does not require a statement of purpose
Good thinker, bad problem solver in graduate school?
Should I publish a working paper in several different websites?
Do graduate schools care more about my grades in math courses or my general GPA?
How many excuses are too many?
Should I tell one of my recommenders that his notes are at a level beyond me?
List of Subject Dependencies for building a subject taxonomy
How do you (digitally) catalog the books you've read over the years?
Should I request a letter of recommendation from current employers that don't want me to leave?
Is it possible (and also meaningful) to do two PhDs?
As a postdoc, how to harmonize increasing independence with relation with your supervisor
How to cite a repeatedly used direct quote?
How did German universities outperform the US's and the UK's, before the 1930s?
Do case reports require ethical approvals?
How can I ask a lecturer not to disclose (my) grades publicly?
What if I forgot to bring my poster to the conference?
How to quote "... (see Chapter 5 above) ..."
How to mention a completely rewritten article in PhD thesis?
Check whether an article has any correction or been retracted
Will my submission be rejected if I accidentally submit the non-blind version to a conference with double blind review?
Applying for a PhD after taking a year off
How much time is typically spent reading reference letters?
How can a researcher from a third-world country publish or otherwise disseminate an interesting result?
PhD in Quantum information science/ quantum physics without intensive formal education
How should I cite a paper from a journal that has changed its name?
Isn't English the common academic language?
Pros and cons of paragraph-based writing
Counting a translation as a separate publication
As a TA, how to react if I come across a Facebook group in which students insult me?
Should the presented points by different referees within the LoRs be convergent or divergent?
What does "ADM" stand for on an article submission information page?
Will the Ph.D. stipend be enough to support my parents?
How to organize repository of common research papers for lab members?
Any experience in working with aged emeritus supervisors?
Can I participate in math conferences as an independent researcher?
Can post-docs serve as reviewers for grant proposals?
How can I encourage students to ask questions in class
Should I ask for an exam deferral due to my fiance's first conference and first time leaving the country?
Ways to spend gap year/semester before applying to mathematics PhD
How does one determine priority, prominence, and impact with regard to books, rather than articles?
Pen name similar with real name: Zu Yangzu instead of Zu Yang for papers
When to publish a journal article versus a scholarly book?
How does one keep informed in a field that relies heavily on scholarly books?
Is it possible to co-finance a personal grant in Europe if it doesn't meet salary conditions of the country?
Can I use purchased graphics in an academic paper/poster?
What is more important for the admission of masters program?
Is "liberal arts" a unique feature of American higher education?
Why do reviewers summarize a promotion application?
Do people compete for self-funded studentship?
Consulting while being a postdoc
Does one really have to consider having a co-author to avoid being considered as a nerd?
Can I apply to CS graduate programs and take a year off before actually enrolling?
How to apply for professorship in another field?
Who can participate in international math conferences?
On-campus or off-campus residence for a married couple?
How to make the most of my time as a volunteer at a research-paper conference?
Is it okay to record audio for a lecture?
In order to apply for an internship in the United States, what exactly will I need to send? The academic transcripts of my grades? The TOEFL? The GRE?
How to write a CV for a PhD application
I need an efficient way to catch up with all the work done in my field of interest
Destructive bureaucracy and how to oppose it
Ph.D. admission with funding from current employer
Statement of purpose: How to state PI backup
How should I structure my CV since my degree doesn't reflect my primary studies?
How do I speak with my professor about my mental health?
What is responsive mode in the context of research funding?
Is is necessary to include computer code into thesis?
Using signpost paragraphs in an article
Portal for sharing a research manuscript with supervisors/advisors
How can I (and should I) approach a teacher with a difficult attitude in lessons?
First try vs second try for PhD Qualifying Exam
What to do after missing the registration deadline for the GRE subject test in mathematics
Transferring results of Google Scholar search to My Profile
Is it okay to publish my personal notes from a lecture?
Can we just send the same two recommendation letters to every colleges? And will I be able to look at what was written in each recommendation letter?
Why do most science classrooms use similar black-covered desks?
Is this a legitimate excuse for missing an exam?
How to email professor with group concerns about class?
Return midterm exam paper or not
What to do when your student is convinced that he will be the next Einstein?
Should I put conditional admittance to Master's program on resume?
How to address email to professor your advisor knows
How does ORCID work?
Being asked to pay penalty if fail PhD qualifying exam
Taking a course on Pass / No Pass Basis for Grad School
How should I react to seeing another student cheat on an exam?
Suspecting an undiagnosed learning disability in a student
Should I mark every glossary term, or only the first one?
How should to-be-published articles be referenced?
Should I address all my research experience in my personal statment?
How to cite ISO standards?
Making a joke in an email asking for a PhD vacancy?
When should I release deadlines for assignments?
Academia vs. Industry in a short graduate program (computer science)
Looking for advice about potential post-doc opportunity
Is there anything you can do when a professor discusses some of your personal concerns with other professors potentially mockingly?
How to refer to a university that changed its name?
Conversational tone of Statement of Purpose Essay
Research opportunities (in machine learning) for undergraduate students at colleges without good research programs
Can faculty do research during a labor strike?
What do universities usually do with a student's graded final exams?
Leaving out unhelpful advisor from acknowledgements?
Research internships at universities and funding
What to do after PhD?
What is the exact meaning of an "Abstract Submission Deadline"?
Personal information (trivia) in the “about me” section of an academic webpage
Job advertisement: "Liaise professionally"
Is Lecture Notes by Springer a journal?
Patent trial data set
German language for Phd courses in Germany
How to describe my favourite scientific publication? And why I have to do that?
Should I mention that I'm currently studying in CV?
making a PhD thesis at distance is it possible?
What are some red flags that even the professors cannot help in the admission?
Leaving a short-term teaching position early
University asking for documents I just uploaded online
Extracurricular activities in cover letter
Should I explain change of major in my statement of purpose?
Undergraduate research paper
Possible career path for a pure math student
Re-applying to PhD programs
DOI for a yet-unpublished paper
What are paths that physics majors/PhDs can follow?
How many professors should I mail in a single university?
MS in Physics after Bachelors in Mechanical engineering
Meaning of "Degree of approval" in a recommendation letter
Can section numbering depth exceed table of content depth in thesis?
Shortening my name on papers
Publishing and Self-Archiving
The mathematics GRE score Advice- Should I send?
In what ways can a PHD student who asks me to do some of her work give me due credit for my work?
I've applied an intership to prepare for grad school, but the acceptance result won't be sent before the deadline. Should I mention it in my SOP?
What do you call a paper that summarizes a set of mathematical formulas?
On the use of hypocorisms on publications and university personnel list
What can be the end product of my PhD dissertation? Can a PhD be an applied research?
Am I allowed to share a final copy of my published paper privately?
Previous interests in a subfield which is different from your perspective advisor's
Two distinct papers solving same problem to same conference, allow update post-acceptance?
Unexpected long delay with paper review and no answer from editors
Is it worth it to master LaTeX or MS Word?
Any altmetrics statistics for physics papers?
Asking for recommendation letter from manager for graduate school
As a undergraduate math student, what are some of the benefits of joining the American Mathematical Society?
What does "reject and resubmit" mean?
Impact of type of institution (public vs. private) on long-term tenure track career perspectives
Is it considered cheating if I purchase an essay but then don't use it?
Paper submission: Major revision impossible to pull off
Plagiarism of Lecture Slides
Should I normalize inconsistent proceedings titles?
Is it possible to pursue masters degree in the US university without getting financial back-up from family?
Is it true that M.Eng. is considered an undergraduate degree in the UK? If so, why?
How to start international research collaborations within a specialised medical field
What is the difference between two universities if students from either can take classes at the other?
Can a syllabus be adopted and modified?
Etiquette - send a copy of my new book to the department I earned my PhD within or to my advisor?
Harvard referencing and in-text referencing for Chapters
Is teaching for a biology program without "specialized accreditation" bad for your career?
Ethics of scraping "public" data sources to obtain email addresses
Undergraduate thesis quality in research field
Backing down from a faculty position. Future career problems?
The phd advisor copied my thesis to another's
Recreating images from a source
Advantages/disadvantages of bundling source code from separate, related papers?
Applying for postdoc position in UK - Physics
Can I write a thesis or paper without my school's support?
What can a professor do about an exam that was too long for the allotted time, after the students have completed it?
Email addresses for research assistants
Masters Degree vs Masters Certificate / Diploma in Canada
Is attempting to get published in undergraduate history journals worth it?
Leaving a PhD Program with a Masters and Going to Another School
Is it a faux pas to offer a favor to a professor who has written you a letter of recommendation / served as a reference?
Is there any established database schema to store references?
Is there an archive like arxiv.org for agricultural papers?
How to cite the content of a zip file?
What is my institution when submitting to journal
A term similar to "ABD" for PhD student who's completed all coursework but neither comprehensive exams nor dissertation?
How to address title-field inconsistency?
How can (or should) I reference basic physics equations?
Transferring out of Rank 1 PhD program to another PhD program
Sent emails asking for letters of recommendation, but no responses/agreement to write letter
Can I make a citation only in the beginning of a chapter?
Universities recommandations and choices
What is the best way to ask for a lecturer position in a cold email?
How can a PhD in Machine Learning and AI help you in a life out of Academia?
Contribution vs Motivation
How can an undergraduate student conducting mathematical research with a professor expect to contribute?
Non-profit organization, IRB Approval, and publishing?
Is Academia really just a huge competition?
Disagreeing politely
What masters level courses should one take to prepare himself for a future career in the Internet of Things?
Why don't graduate math texts have solutions to their exercises?
Appealing failure in PhD qualifying exams
How to quiet noisy undergrads students during lecture
Rationale behind lack of transparency regarding thesis defence committee
Can my proposed supervisors for my Masters by dissertation be my referees?
How to structure the personal statement?
Should I use a not-self-hosted website for both blogging and collecting academic materials?
Short summary of other works that cite/build upon your publication
Going elsewhere for an M.S. in Computer Science?
Emailing exams: is it okay by FERPA?
Can I take GRE year prior to applying graduate schools?
Tactful way to discuss an error in a published paper
Is it better to repeat a caption or reference an identical caption?
Asking for details of an algorithm developed in an article in review
Temporary position in Academic Institution vs. Postdoc research after PhD
Thought Exercises in Deciding Whether to Stay in PhD Program or Leave?
Journal unsatisfied with revisions after acceptance, author proofs and copyright
Just citing what they cite
What to do about fellow student that hogs lecture time with many questions
Is my professor allowed to change the day the class meets and mark us absent if we don't show?
How damaging is it to have been a co-author of a retracted paper?
VERY bad GRE score -- subject test in English literature
Would lackluster grades in Applied math hurt an application for Pure Math PhD programs?
Finding a place in interdisciplinary sciences as someone who develops computational methods and algorithms for other fields?
NSF two-ninths salary rule vs. NIH model
Modified picture based on three different sources - citations needed?
I am 58 years old, can I pursue a PhD?
Can somebody paste links to examples of phd theses without acknowledgements?
How to answer “Why is graduate study important at this time in your life?”, when the reasons are very personal?
Can it hurt to put my GRE score on my resume?
"Garbage in, garbage out" - Is it rude to call others' works as 'garbage' compared to ours?
Postdoc contracts in US - signing an initial one which is superseded by different online one?
What category in my C.V. should I put papers where I've contributed but was not listed as an author, nor in acknowledgments?
Include logo of cooperating company on thesis cover
Digital media rights for online courses (US)
I am a first semester math PhD student who needs to transfer to a different school: how should I talk about my current program on applications?
Is it customary to include a dedication in an honours thesis?
Is it possible to get a teaching job in US/Canadian universities with an NZ/Aus PhD?
Is it ever harmful to submit extra recommendation letters from somebody outside of my department?
How will a bad grade from a somewhat unrelated course look on applications?
Research database access friction
Supervisor delays publication over style questions for years – can I remove him from the authors list?
How to handle dislike of/lack-of-interest in sub-specialty of research area
How to approach the dean and/or provost about a years-old two-body problem?
Is it possible to replicate the experience gained in a grad school on my own without attending one?
Amount of edit after submission (conference paper)
How to be a co-author anonymously?
When applying for a higher education job, do I need to list my bachelors?
I have agreed to do undergraduate research in a lab, but then I found another lab that seems more appealing. What are my obligations?
A conjecture proved in drafts
How to find out who funded a study / research?
How to be efficient as a graduate student juggling classes, TA and research?
What is uncited references?
Should I use what the professor says to me in the email as a material to write in the SOP?
Should I mention about my governmental-funded PhD scholarship which I don't want to use
Clear explanation of Conflict of Interest with examples in journal articles
Not properly announced homework assignment
Do publishers simply waive their exclusive rights without any resistance?
Wrong PhD project choice for PhD - stick it out, change, leave?
Can invention of UI/UX or a programming syntax become a publication?
Why does the Clinical Journal of Sports Medicine think they will need quadrillions of DOIs?
Should I include funny pictures in my slides?
Literature review help, 3D reconstruction of human organs (non-bio nature) using CAD and 3D printers
Outcomes of the Greek Life for a graduate student
Does the personal life of a researcher interfere with their work?
Can I submit the results of a poster to another conference as a full paper?
How to respectfully challenge advice
What does “temporary faculty pool” mean?
Will having a patent ensure admission to a top Master's program in the US?
Students staying hours past end of office hours
Is sharing R code for a dissertation consider to be plagiarism?
I chose wrong license during submission on arXiv, what shall I do?
Students with physical disabilities - blindness, deafness, etc
Is it okay for a lecturer to set an assignment about the products of a company he works for?
After PhD interview Guide
Why do so many publishing venues limit the length of paper submissions?
Is it appropriate for my professor to include gender offensive material that is unrelated to the class subject matter in the course notes?
Formal Title for Someone with a Masters Degree?
Two abstracts accepted for oral and poster presentation, but I prefer they are swapped
Should I mention the reason I changed labs so often on my C.V. and/or cover letter? (Due to lack of funding)
How much professional development should I share on my CV?
Fear of someone having the same idea and doing the research before you do
Can I add a baby as a co-author of a scientific paper, to protest against co-authors who haven't made any contribution?
What tone to use in the personal statement?
Why do some universities require use of approved suppliers?
What can I do if my professor says he won't let me publish my biology research?
Should I include a citation every time I refer to the same thing from the same publication?
What should one do when the professor uses condensed terse notes in a graduate class?
Advisor moving to Industry for a year, How should I reapply for PhD elsewhere?
Is it a wise decision to email graduate professors my provisional certificate of bachelor's degree?
What is the relationship between graduate coursework and research?
How to publish proof of something if the academic level is lower than expected and cannot publish to a journal or a conference?
Does a degree in economics/corporate finance from an Italian university prepare me for a PhD in economics?
Can different departments offer similar courses?
Do teaching an advance course helps in evaluation and tenure?
Why do we not introduce the concepts and professions of "Academia" to younger students?
How do I create a diagram in this specific style?
How to show a student the work done in the lab is the lab's (or is it?)
Nominating a professor for a fellowship
Confidential research project
What is the typical time period between peer reviews being completed and editorial decision?
PhD Bioinformatics academic career outlook
CV and PI for a Master in Germany
I've reproduced a paper: where shall I share the code and findings?
Difficult adviser and personal improvements: How do I move forward?
How recent should the English language certificate be to apply for Master thesis?
Is it okay to keep pdfs of journal articles from my previous university when my current university does not have a subscription?
Are distance degrees from US universities worth anything?
What are the prospects of a Math Master student applying to Finance PhD programs?
How to deal with low quality software project that needs to be evaluated
Asked to perform task I lack skills in
Should I report a graduate student who "hires" other people to do their coursework?
How can software piracy in academia be reduced/eliminated?
Omitted from paper for which I gathered data
Applying for post-docs in mathematics: is it common to email faculty?
Asking a High School Teacher for a Letter of Recommendation
Is reusing old code for a new assignment considered self plagiarism? How to protect yourself if you consider it to be, and a group partner does not?
Publishing policies - copyright transfer
Why is there less funding or scholarship opportunity for business students compared to other background students?
Academic career in pure math?
Professor sleeps in class and makes cheating easy
Choose journal before writing paper?
How to show that the department fits my research goal?
Is it a good idea to get the recommendation letter from the head of a professional organization?
How to encourage students to answers questions from other students posted in Q&A online places dedicated to the classroom (e.g. Piazza)
Grad student asking department for increase in stipend
Copyright – use of images to train algorithm
Is US experience usually required for TT jobs?
Can a course title be similar to a book name or a course at other university?
Professor Job Prospects for PhD in Computer Science vs Computational Neuroscience?
How often do people have to drop graduate level courses
How likely is for the head of some University/Institution to ask other professors for further details related to the candidate?
How can I narrow down my CS research interests when my undergrad institution doesn't have a large CS department?
How does already having an academic scholarship affect graduate school admissions?
Do I need IRB approval to study myeslf?
Should you contact professors at universities you plan on applying to for graduate studies in mathematics?
When being asked, what's the most harmless way to address my past record of leaving Ph.D. program in a different field?
Citation - Collection of images for machine learning
Where to put my professional (academic) personal page after my PhD
Does Title IX require U.S. universities to have grade expungement policies?
If a paper is accepted as a poster, must you attend the conference?
Should I translate experimental materials for my thesis?
No suggested reviewers capability in the peer-review journal
How do I refer to my PhD studies in my CV; under education or experience?
Can I use the mm.dd.yy date format in academic writing?
Should I mention industrial experience in an academic CV when applying for a PhD?
Is there a point of applying to a University if potential adviser rejected me
"If multiple papers are accepted for presentation, each paper requires a separate registration fee." -> Why?
Should I list my research interests that are not popular on a statement of purpose?
Publish more research papers or advise dissertations?
I have just started a PhD and my university expects me to present a conference paper, but I don't know what's expected
How to organize course component when there are a lot of students?
What is the scientific term for a “research gap”?
Want to form independent research group outside university, while working?
Paper get rejected despite positive recommendations from both reviewers
Should I encourage foreign students to adopt local handwriting customs?
Should I tell the interviewer that I solely rely on scholarship to finance my MBA?
What questions should I ask to find out originality of students’ work?
What is the approximate composition of a statement of purpose in Mathematics?
What did Universities use in lectures before they starting using PowerPoint?
Postdoctoral (or tenure-track) positions at ETH and knowledge of local language
What is the difference between a "I" or "II" after a job title?
Change formatting vs. looking wrong
Resources of APIs for automated paper citation aggregation
What to do about a student whom I suspect of having plagiarized but who claims not to have?
Meaning of "graduate"
What is a good ratio of "What I want to research" vs. "My experience that shows I can research" in a Statement of purpose?
Is it possible to do a literature review in the IMRaD format?
How to intervene in a course that is failing to meet expectations?
Master and PhD program at the same time
Online courses in standard university curriculums
How to visit an institute when looking for job?
Publishing thesis as a book
Credibility of non-journal online publications
How can I stop a "citation cartel" still active?
Meeting professor for the first time to discuss ideas
The problem of incompetent peer-review
Should I state membership in a professional society in authors' list?
Most common departmental structure for degrees in EE, CE, and ECE
PhD Germany with British conversion MSc IT
Can we use the same picture across multiple chapters of a thesis?
In my cover letter, how many faculty member should I list as people I want to work with?
Research statement for liberal arts college: how much detail should I go into?
Can a poorly done second degree ruin one's academic record?
How to complain about a paper?
Does a high score in Math subject GRE helps in applying to a Finance PhD program?
Is it acceptable for a professor to claim that his students will never revolutionize the field?
want to Pursue Phd in Philosophy?
What is the role of a teacher (of mathematics) at university?
Why do "everyone suck at their first research interviews"?
Publishing research software that was developed by professional programmers - attribution ettiquette
Applying for a PhD group who has asked for my research interests
What is a wise way and the right timing to inform a professor that supported you of your rejection?
What to call paragraph in relevant work chapter that explains relation to own thesis/research?
Do university accept a Mechatronics Engineer undergraduate to do Masters in computer science?
What to write in an award nomination letter about your supervisor?
Where can I find information about the demographics of Finance PhD applicants to US schools?
What are some good ways to keep students coming to lectures?
Why don't most academic conferences make their budget publicly available?
How to contact a prospective supervisor for undergraduate research at another university?
Dealing with a huge block of similar definitions between two papers
Do physics grad school look for an undergrad math degree?
Can you be a postdoc with funding from a private organization (vs. government funding)?
Eliminating ambiguity in a grading policy
As an undergrad student, what should I do after taking 2nd-year grad-level math courses?
Saying thanks in the personal statement?
Contacting professor for PhD in different research area than past experience: do I need to prepare a research proposal before first contact?
How to deal with GPA-related questions in standardized job application forms, if you have no GPA for graduate studies
What are some good ways to keep students coming to lectures?
Are there differences between academic papers and industrial papers?
Submitting a note on the falsehood of a conjecture to the journal the conjecture originally appeared in
Do policy papers count as research papers in a cv?
Advice for research and taking graduate classes for undergraduate student
Will a spent criminal conviction affect my chances of getting a funded PhD position?
Credit transfer from Masters to PhD in a different University
Postdoc using current university's letterhead for job application cover letter (academic/national lab jobs)?
How long should I wait after PhD interview in Denmark?
Is it acceptable for a graduate student to use their university email and affiliation in furtherance of a commercial interest?
Motivation and presentation not explained in the paper
Do extracurricular activities matter for a person in academia?
Should I send an email to authors of a paper I enjoyed reading?
Page breaking in undergraduate thesis
Making sure I'm in good terms with peer researchers and not making enemies
Does a present-day editor tend to sieve out submissions before sending them out for review?
Is there a professional virtue in independent research and reviews?
Are there boycotts against publishers other than Elsevier?
How can I get the opportunity to talk during my meetings with professors?
Should there be a theorem or proposition that uses lemma?
How should a supervisor deal with a PhD student who behaves badly
How to do a PhD while having an industrial research job?
What to do if referees take a long time to upload their recommendation letters?
What is a good etiquette to correct a person using wrong title for me?
Should I include a summary of related literature and comparison of results in Review of Related Literature?
In what kind of research should I analyse its possibility, necessity and feasibility?
Acknowledgement of Submission of a Paper
Do two rounds of major revision lead to a better chance of getting the paper accepted?
Do admissions care about one's minor?
Put good GRE scores on resume submitted with grad app?
Statement of Purpose: How much detail in describing one's research
Is an actual recommendation letter (vs. the name of a reference) standard at the UK Lecturer or US Assistant Professor level?
Why computer science discipline has different publications requirements: conferences as well as journals
My work was submitted by collaborators without my name, and the university supports them. What are my options?
Getting a PhD after two masters?
What are the master's degrees in engineering a bachelor in computer engineering can be admitted in?
Should I be a visiting student rather than a non-degree seeking graduate student?
Should figure captions include the "take home message" that the figure conveys?
Drawbacks of making public which journal a manuscript is submitted to, while it is under review?
How to deal with requests from prospective students that want to work with a faculty?
Tutoring, student does not pay
Redefining variables used in many equations in a publication
Are the university's acceptance rate something trusted?
What are the recommended approaches in selecting students to work on research projects?
What exactly should I add in an extended and revised version of my research paper?
How to contact a potential supervisor when I don't know if I am a good enough candidate?
Mental Illness as a cause of academic disruptions
How to convince and/or ask researchers to share data?
Ideas to narrow down a master thesis topic within management scope
Is a Polish PhD degree in engineering equally respected in North America?
Academics in China - promoted via connections
Should I correct a single trivial typo in a submitted manuscript after they rejected the first submission for having too many typos?
How should I communicate that I do not hold the views expressed in a paper I wrote
Changing Engineering Specialisations after Undergrad
What can I do if one of my referees falsifies information in a Letter of Recommendation?
Should I tell the instructor that I will miss the next class?
Should I explain how I identified a relevant supervisor in my SOP?
What are the best question to ask a committee panel after a PhD interview?
How to apply to a prestigious American university as an international student?
What to do when some students pay someone to solve their exams projects and thesis?
Global database of study programmes?
What are the disadvantages and advantages for a senior graduate student to restart after 6 years' study?
PhD problem: a new student has the same idea as me
Can I get a refund if I bought an article that contains a major flaw?
How to cite the same reference in a paragraph twice in APA style?
Processing of GRE subject scores at the institution
Would taking up an associate's degree after finishing your bachelor's harm your resume?
Is it possible to do research, in your PhD, on the same topic that you did for your Master's dissertation?
what should i do if professors don't reply my mail for graduate admission?
Advice for switching PhD programs back to my undergrad field
Can GRE scores be sent to different universities at different times?
I'm RAing for a friend who's a professor at my school. How should I address him in conversations about the research?
How long should a cover letter be when asked to include statements of teaching philosophy and research interests?
Should I include web links in my statement of purpose?
PhD Student reapplying to other PhD program, what to indicate in CV?
Grad Application: Does a bad exchange semester matter?
Am I allowed to submit to a journal, a paper that was accepted to a conference but not presented yet?
Does unpublished paper matter for U.S. graduate school application?
Publishing code in order to improve my chances to be admitted to a CS graduate school
Position of infixes of names (e.g. “van”) in bibliographies
What is the most effective way to take notes in class?
Motivation to write the dreaded dissertation
Masters Degree in CS with Bachelors in Informatics
How to find an academic mentor as a professional
What is the difference between "enabling", "remedial", and "developmental" courses?
Differences among Doctoral Degrees/titles
What exactly does an "unstructured research problem" mean?
Someone plagiarised my entire paper. What should I do now?
One professor advised me to apply to some top schools. How to use this advice effectively when applying to other schools?
How do I continue my PhD research project as a Postdoc?
How to decide whether I should use “we” in an essay?
Still no response from potential referees... Suggestions?
What is the difference between bachelor of science in engineering and bachelor of engineering in the US?
How can I gracefully exit my current post-doc position for a new one?
Should I write a "proof" to a professor I don't know?
Graduate School Admissions: Is it worth mentioning in my personal statement for PhD that I have a low (3.3) GPA but a higher (3.67) Major GPA in CS?
When looking for students to work on a research project: contact good students directly or contact all class then select the good ones?
Time management as a TA in mathematics
How harmful is it to submit side-results that are not new?
What incentives can a faculty member offer to a potential lab manager?
How to deal with a coauthor who introduces errors
Attending a conference with self funding and no publication
What are some useful workflows for keeping track of interesting but not immediatly relevant books/articles?
How to cite my own report that hasn't been published?
Use of "we have a large backlog" euphemism by journal editors when rejecting articles without sending them out for review
Starting a mathematics degree alongside a physics degree?
Is second upper class honours good enough?
Can a person who doesn't like to talk much still become a good lecturer?
Endorsement process to submit a paper to arxiv.org?
Student wants to show everybody how much he knows
Does "minor revision" mean "accepted with minor revision"?
Include Disability in Statement of Purpose
Immigration and tenure track in the United States
Engineering degree structure in the United States
Include article in bibliography I didn't cite
Repeating abbreviation in body text if already in chapter/section title
Referring to paper from some other school when writing Statement of Purpose for Grad School
GRE: how important is it to get it in time?
Is there any appropriate way to offer cash to a lecturer or TA for private tutoring?
What is the difference between letter, communication and journal paper?
I have a Ph.D. in Educational Science from Iran. Do I need accreditation to work in the U.S.?
Mathjobs.org cover letter: Address to "Hiring Committee Member" or to faculty member listed on job posting?
Math PhD Applications: Is it better to show just my good GRE score, or should I also send my low initial score?
Do applicants who are exempted from paying application fees get any other benefits
Google Scholar citation missing because of name mismatch?
How to ask to review for a specific conference or journal?
How long should you wait to email journal editor about a submitted revision of a manuscript?
Can I choose the initials I want to use when publishing a paper?
Arxiving accepted manuscript after publication in Elsevier/IEEE/etc
Is it ethical to give (paid) private tutorials for a student in a module I am TA'ing?
Double publication & parallel submitting a same study as a Paper and Patent
What to talk about with academic recruiters?
Transitioning from PhD in biomedical engineering to software dev (have 5-6 software experience working for a team during PhD)?
Difference between tenure-track/tenured positions in universities and research scientist positions in national labs
Question regarding career in Mathematics
Catching small errors in lecture materials
How do I deal with an old reference letter from an advisor for job applications?
Why do professors want to make sure that their notes written on the blackboard will not be published?
Post Doc recommendation letters sent but no response
A job application asks for a "sample of current scholarship," what is this?
Can i get into good phd program with low grades[masters] in one of core subjects?
How specific should I talk about my papers and projects in my personal statement for grad school?
CV and personal statement mutually exclusive?
What does "awaiting reviewer selection" really mean under the "minor revision" scenario?
Masters application Financial Support question
How and when to cite code from MATLAB File Exchange
Restrictions on use of a commercial database in publications
Should I go to engineering graduate school right after undergrad or after a few years of work experience?
After a postdoc period, how to understand if you should go for a second postdoc or apply for a permanent position?
Will ISIS attacks hurt my PhD application as a Muslim?
What to do when you find out someone else presented your research without crediting you?
End-of-semester course activites
Data exchange between academic institutions
Reporting multiple undergraduate GPAs for PhD applications?
Recommendation Letter Request: No response
proof of english proficiency
Math degree to CS Masters chances
NSF Panelist Reviewing Rubric/Criteria
Can a PhD student write a letter of recommendation for coauthor/collaborator?
Publication in industry
How to transition from pure biology PhD to bioinformatics/biostatistics?
Does academia have a specific perspective on religion?
Is there a way to check to which scientific journals a specific library has access?
Is it ethical to buy noise canceling headphones with research funds?
Should I cite the interviewer or the interviewee when citing a news article?
What is the average salary of a life sciences post doc in Singapore and what is the average living cost there?
Alternate university course allocation mechanisms
'Reviews completed' what does this status mean in springer
Sharing MOOC forum data
Is it bad etiquette to contact a named reviewer?
ASME “text-only” submission in LaTeX
Is there a place to review journals or conferences?
Acknowledge grants (which may indicate conflict of interest) in double blind review?
Sign application cover letter with "PhD" or not?
Uploading online all Data used in thesis?
Co-author conflict after paper got accepted
What is wrong with conference publications compared with journal and transaction papers?
Is it ethical to watch recreational videos or listen to music on a portable work computer bought from a research fund?
Submitting an improved result before the acceptance notice of another result
How to obtain citation counts per year or exportable data from Google Scholar?
Ways to conduct complete, effective research?
The importance of having a "big name" as your thesis advisor
How soon after the application deadline do search committees start looking at the applications?
PhD statistics with MS in CS?
I reported plagiarism to a questionable journal. How long should I give them to amend?
Do authors normally check their own papers for plagiarism?
Will I get in trouble if I miscapitalize on the works cited page?
Graduate School Application: should I mention where my working paper would be submitted
Is a "Scientific Journal Impact Factor" of around 4 or 5 good for a philosophy journal?
Why are Ph.D admission numbers low?
What if you love your field but can't take the heat of academia?
Should you list irrelevant work experience on graduate school applications?
Graduate school applications: Should your answers be exhaustive or selective?
How to get work done on the weekends
Explaining academic probation as an undergrad on PhD application, after doing well in masters
Can copyright prevent claims of self-plagiarism?
How to cite a deck of powerpoint slides with two titles?
Is there any advantage of putting source tex file on arXiv?
Is there an incentive to submitting a math PhD application before the deadline?
IEEE conference not allowing presentation by a non-author: how can I get the organizers to reconsider?
How can I judge whether an alternative "impact factor" is from an accepted and genuine source?
How to deal with a professor that continuously dismisses student questions?
Major review for the second time
Fail to reproduce results in a published paper. Is this an academic misconduct?
Withdrawing my application for a research fellowship when getting a job elsewhere
What does the title "Burgerlijk ingenieur" in Belgium mean?
How should I position myself in the US job market if I am an assistant professor with tenure?
Is it ethical to request the advisor to share the registration fee for submitting a conference paper?
Within the UK, how are roles corresponding to academic grades defined?
How to improve chances of acceptance of a paper with an atypical structure?
What should go in a CV for first teaching position at a community college?
Journal paper and conference proceedings note appear to be identical, is this plagiarism?
How should I format code words in my personal statement?
How can academia defend itself against journal website hijackings?
How much unfinished work and unexplored ideas should one share in a presentation?
My essay has been plagarized in a journal article - what to do?
Authorship for insightful suggestion during a talk?
To what extent do academic promotions share similarities with promotions in industry?
Extended abstract
Receiving recommendation letters after graduation
What to do when a prospective PhD supervisor doesn't follow up after an initial positive response?
What is arQiv.org?
What to think of zero feedback at a conference
Can't attend conference but would like to get copy of papers presented
Including "Best in show" type award for a conference paper on CV
Number of accepted papers at conferences
PhD application form, 1-2 word "relationship to you" for an instructor
Why do some admissions processes request an exhaustive list of jobs held?
How much can you 'laymanize' a PhD presentation?
Translating Portuguese text to English that presents a quotation in English
Asking the primary professor of your target grad school to review your statement of purpose
Research statement for a fellowship application: should I introduce my area?
What is "technology in the classroom" that so many job applications ask for?
I could see what part of the exam paper another student seemed to be focusing on, now I'm worried I was cheating
How important is the Statement of Contributions to Diversity in applications for faculty positions?
Pros and cons of teaching assistantship as a masters student intending to go on to industry job
A frequent reviewer seems to have a grudge against me. What to do?
What points should be included in SOP if the target program is industry focused and not researched focused?
Can we quantify the difference made by or popularity of online learning?
How to politely ask for recommendation letters to professors
Are we mere facilitators of glorifed correspondence courses?
I can't trust my supervisor anymore, but have to have his letter of recommendation. What should I do?
How to write a Literature Review when I'm not researching anything
Data sets of questions asked in conferences
Parenthesis in paper title?
Particular tone or rhythm in academic presentations
Trouble with getting PhD recommendations - almost 60% turnover in faculty
How do I keep the high efficiency in non exam week?
Where can I apply for an internship in the renewable energy sector in India?
Response to desk return of PLOS submission
Peer review: how to deal with a paper based on an already published work whose validity to the reviewer is uncertain
What does "percentile' mean in this recommendation portal?
What is the grammatical number of an inline citation?
Applying for postdoc in a mathematics department where no one has similar research interests
Professor cc to other professors when I ask about the PhD student vacancy. Should I answer as a group or to individuals?
A student in my course does well on exams, but doesn't do the homework: Go easy on them, or make them "pay the price?"
How to write a Cover Letter for applying to a PhD program in the USA
What does in-major classes mean?
Is it worth submitting papers to "graduate" peer-reviewed journals?
How should I thank an interviewer after an interview?
Is it appropriate to send an email to a professor at the end of the semester thanking them for their teaching?
Is it ethical to submit a research proposal to multiple funding agencies?
Pseudocode in Scientific Article
Collaborative development of teaching materials and assessments
Share prize money from conference presentation award with co-authors?
Requesting feedback from a postdoctoral application
How, if and where to submit a paper when former co-author cannot be contacted
Copy text from co-authored paper into thesis
Is it appropriate to ask my supervisor about publication of future results now?
Professor X introduces professor Y to me. Should I CC prof X when emailing prof Y?
Plagiarizing Professor
Mentioning faculty member in SOP
How technical should my oral PhD defense be?
In what order to list potential future advisors?
If I am going for a second masters and my previous GRE score is expired, do I have to take the GRE again?
Advisor wants copy of code to give to other student
What is a shadow program committee?
Is it appropriate to mention one's religion in an academic CV?
What is the proper way of addressing a professor whom I work with?
Submitting a manuscript that is not ready yet just to fulfil a contract
When changing fields, should I focus more on describing past research or connecting it to the new area in my statement of purpose?
Preparing an IEEE conference accepted manuscript for arxiving
How can I challenge a grade based on false accusation of submitting non-original work?
Why is there a 14-year difference between the submission date of this arXiv paper and the date in the paper text?
Is simplication of known results worth a publication?
Supervisor doesn't give me a chance to contribute more and gives himself first authorship, how to approach this?
How to get information about new citations in Google Scholar without making profile public
Dealing with late assignments as a teacher assistant
Should I correct a course assignment that I already presented? I'm not sure whether the professor will notice the error
Proper way of referencing ranges of chapters
Referencing Springer products: what name to use for the publisher?
Alternatives to paper handouts in conferences
Sending non-fully translated academic transcripts for US PhD admissions
What to write in the section "what will be the impact of proposed research on development of applicants academic profile"?
PhD admissions: Overlap between B.Sc. and M.Sc. transcripts
Is the level of difficulty of the Physics GRE on a par with the Math GRE?
How to proceed with a supervisor who won't read paper manuscripts? But won't allow submission until they have read them?
What options do I have when a journal refuses my paper based on 1/3 review by a non-relevant referee?
What to do when my course-mates are making up research results for a class paper?
How much harder is it for an American mathematician to teach in France rather than in the U.S.?
My paper was too revolutionary - reviewers at a top journal rejected it "by simply reading the title". What now?
Finding/giving an appropriate thank you gift to university faculty
Publish research with few details to promote company
How does PhD admissions committee look at my old gre score after starting my Masters
Posting master's thesis on arxiv?
Explaining undergrad transfer on application to grad school
Shirtless picture on the academic page of a Ph.D. candidate seeking postdoc
How far back do Chinese universities go?
What is the difference between a literature survey and a conceptual paper?
What should a letter of motivation/statement of purpose contain?
Are Harvard-style open access policies lawful under civil law?
Am I allowed to duplicate results from my own arXiv paper in a journal publication?
Being an academic far from the action
How to cite spreadsheets or other documents for in-line citations?
Is it appropriate to ask journal review status after not hearing back in quoted timeline?
What are unique job titles in academia called?
Should a statement of purpose for a PhD application be single or double spaced?
Citing another author’s summary of other works in a journal article
Regarding changes in the accepted manuscript
Biographical record...? What is it
How does one determine he has a learning disability?
Can I use the same Preliminaries section for multiple papers in Computer Science?
How to cite an article from a magazine (no date, published quarterly) in MLA7?
Asking for help regarding Statement of Purpose
Is there a normalizer for undergrad grades in institutions across the world?
How to deal with poorly written and formatted papers (as a reviewer)?
Are there intellectual property concerns if I submit "under review" papers as part of my application?
Why do people sometimes put authors with equal contribution in non-alphabetical order?
should I put this information into the reference section or within the text?
Citations: What do I do when the article writer's name is the same as mine?
Respected journal uses only a single reviewer and has a high acceptance rate (>85%); could this be an acceptable practice?
Why does a (highly competitive) mathematics department recommend / require lower-level textbooks to work from,
When submitting a journal article, can I cite a paper which cited my arxiv preprint?
Etiquette in difficult situation with colleague
Put an AMS offprint (of my paper) on my academic page
Reference for image drawn by yourself, but originated from others?
What are the differences between these kinds of articles: original, review, letter, and short communication?
Is it ethical to get suggestions/corrections about my PhD work from a consultant?
Notetaking with Latex and collapsing text for research papers
What's my job title?
How to send electronic TOEFL scores to institutions?
Etiquette for email asking graduate administrator to contact my reference regarding a deadline extension
Would creating an online flash card deck for GRE study help overcome a weak TOEFL score?
Writing an email to a professor for teaching assistantship for the second time
Bulk download of arXiv (or other publication data set) with metadata AND citations
I reported several students for cheating, will anything ever be done by the math dept?
What consequences are imposed by an institution when a researcher commits plagiarism?
Is it legal to share an electronic copy of a few book chapters?
When does self-citation become citation padding?
Do I need to explain or justify sources that I use to build an argument? (Academic Philosophy)
Informal vs. formal journal acceptance letter
How to report GPA, if minimum letter grade credits not reached?
Is it normal for professors to not have families or not spend time with their families over the holidays, due to pressure of work?
License of code accompanying a published article
How to deal with left over work from a Post Doc
What is the academic weighting of being a project associate on a cutting edge research project?
Data sets of academic conference budgets
High grade/GPA versus finishing studies in the expected timeframe
How to report plagiarism in a publication
How do computer science admissions committees process GRE essays sent with the scores?
When writing multiple papers from the same dataset, how do you handle the methods section?
Would it be rude to put my professor's name in for a reference when they haven't responded yet?
I had a "quarrel" with my bachelor thesis advisor, should I ask him to be my one of my referees for grad application?
Where can I ask for academic advisement specific to my situation (low gpa, grad school, etc)?
How to calculate total GMAT score?
Does it make sense to get a PhD if I have a Candidate of Sciences degree from a post-soviet country
Should a full manuscript be available for a book proposal?
What is the point of ScienceWISE annotation on arXiv?
Applying to PhD programs in mathematics, how to address (now resolved) health issues that affected GPA and subject GRE scores?
Using standards proposed in another paper
Leaving academia for financial reasons - how to communicate the reason of departure in a professional manner?
Is it more common to refer to subplots as a "frame" or a "panel"?
Can I use the sealed TOEFL score report I receive from ETS as an official score report
Can I rewrite sentences after my article has been accepted, when reviewing proofs?
Is it inappropriate to give one faculty member a larger thank you gift than another?
Which scholarships should be on my CV?
What should I do if a professor's grading makes me feel bad?
What tradeoffs are there between internal and external validity?
Why does the number of publications for computer science and economics PhD students differ by so much?
Posting Teaching Videos on Personal Website
How to list both journals and conferences on your CV when you have worked in two fields with different publication cultures?
Just missed grad school application deadline..what can I do?
Who grades the mathematics phd comprehensive exams?
Cheating university in the name of university campus in Malaysia.
How seriously will "related" areas be considered?
Why do academics frequently write very short email replies?
What happens if there are conflicting opinions on a specific paper under review?
What proportion of course material mastery should we consider is "passing?"
The title postgraduate researcher
Do US Universities commonly offer admission without funding?
College / University level IT (instructor/professor) education requirements
Finding (correct) citation info for math references
If I quit my PhD, would it make my advisor look bad?
Finding it hard to find a Master's thesis advisor in mathematics, all the professors I've asked say they are too busy
Giving a third party credits for contribution in publishing journal paper
How to organize a session at a conference?
When I call a person doctor
can one write a research paper which is based on his previous paper
Senior co-author is jeopardizing two years of work
Applying for industry jobs: how early do you submit job applications?
Paper under review a second time without being sent back to author
Desk rejection from marketing journals
Being sure of date of publication of a book
How to interpret division of Korean names when citing articles?
Master's thesis - lack of evidence, possibly poor topic choice
What Affiliation to put for Amateur scientist who is an alumni out of school for 15 years?
How to deal with mistakenly reporting old GRE percentile scores
Statement of Purpose, is it conventional to add a small title to each section?
Are masters programs generally easier to get into than PhD?
When submitting a paper, should I match the keywords to MeSH terms?
Manuscript in prep in PhD thesis
Different Statement of Purpose to the same advisor in two programs?
Does a bibliography-only citation count like a regular citation for the author?
Does stating terminal degree as Master's (and not PhD) hamper my chances of getting selected in a grad school?
My master thesis supervisor refused to recommend me for a PhD
Becoming an astronaut engineer
Are graduate school applications processed before the submission deadline?
Is it okay to start a collaboration with a research group of which you're reviewing a paper?
Applying for PhD position to multiple professors in the same department
Does getting a request to review from a professor count me as a reviewer?
What should I do to protect my inventions + ideas?
Getting a Masters in computer science but I am without any undergraduate degree
Can I write a paper on a method that is novel but yields similar results compared to existing methods?
Standing out in the era of big science
Can refusing to attend mandatory Title IX training be grounds for suspending a tenured faculty member?
Advice on conclusion of a purpose statement
Student doesn't want to take credit for his own extraordinary paper
What is the difference between CV and Resume?
No reply from the professor after the follow up email
How to persuade someone to not pursue a PhD just because they failed to find a job?
Changing the thesis topic and supervisor
What is the etiquette on presenting work-in-progress that's mostly literature review in a conference talk in the humanities?
Recovering your energy after back-to-back teaching
How to get IEEE promotion code
Moving between universities for PhD studies
Is it bad to publish a scientific paper with wrong results?
A PhD program recommendation fell through. How do I deal with this?
Why does the Statistics community publish in journals while the Machine Learning community presents at conferences?
How much do research papers in arXiv count (for graduate applications)?
Is there a risk my Statement of Purpose will be plagiarized if I post it online?
As a lab assistant, how many hours per week am I expected to be helping out?
Undergrad students grading other undergrads: ethical, professional, or even legal?
Recommendation Letter from a non Phd faculty member - URGENT!
How has academic research on Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) improved MOOCs?
Term for someone with a doctorate in nursing
I solved their problem. Should I involve them?
Bad GRE with an otherwise good record - is it possible my application will not even be considered?
How to get reference from lab I worked with, when lab head seems unlikely to help and I was advised not to ask postdoc
Can I trust a paper that hides implementation details?
What should I do to maximize my chance at grad school (mathematics)?
How to avoid my advisor as a reference?
What does "external reviewer" mean for a computer science conference?
Is a letter of recommendation from an employer useful, when the company has shut down?
Using others' figures, illustrations, and diagrams
Interested in pursuing a PhD but I graduate in December. Do I have to wait an extra year to apply?
Leaving PhD in the 6th year and apply for a new PhD program
What would be the difference between the public and private graduate schools in US?
Should I do another PhD?
What to do when one my co-authors is openly insulting me but the others remain silent?
Applying for an MPhil or PhD in Computer Science at Cambridge University
Can I show my long-term research interests on SOP, which are very important topics but aren't constantly researched yet
Short-listed, but no interview invitation after three weeks - should I follow up?
Should I apply for PhD with a 4 on my master thesis?
How do professors spend their NSF grants?
Why didn't more people graduate with a college degree when it was "affordable"?
How can I finish my Ph.D within 9 months (when my funding runs out) when I have few results until now?
Can you teach in higher education with a master's degree?
How to recover one's career opportunities after a period of poor performance
Socially acceptable to email a connection of a connection requesting information?
Is it a bad idea to say in my statement of purpose that I want to pursue a PhD in applied mathematics primarily to work in industry?
In touch with a professor of a college I am applying to. I haven't mentioned his research work in my statement of purpose?
How to find reputed conference and journal?
Is there funding for non-research related projects?
Am I deceiving my former advisor?
Should a personal statement for grad school discuss large challenges in personal life?
What are the benefits of taking textbook notes?
Is it possible to cancel paper submission after one week?
Pursuing PhD in Programming Languages/ Compilers
Should I send a thank you note to the reply of a potential PhD adviser?
What is the impact of a radical change of opinion for early-career academics?
Should I mention the mutual acquaintance who recommended me to a professor in an email?
Math postdoc: 'endowed' postdoc vs. ordinary postdoc
Caught plagiarizing
Planning for physics PhD apps - Classes vs research?
Letting professors know who else is writing my letters of recommendation
When is it appropriate to consult with the publisher/editor prior to manuscript submission?
How to share a scientific dataset with the research community
Does an admissions committee check if a student retook a class
Uncommon requests during job interview negotiations
"Taking summers off" and the impact on tenure decisions
Google Scholar: how to exclude some countries from the search?
Etiquette with regard to email consolidation
How to write a follow up paper describing a different solution to a similar problem
Already have a DOI number but can't find it
When do you switch a student membership to a non-student membership for a professional society
The advantages of Latin when studying mathematics and logic?
Letter of recommendation from Head of Department vs Assistant professor?
Sponsored H1B vs. green card self-petition: What's the quickest?
How do I cite programming manuals and software user guides in IEEE
Is it bad to apply for a job immediately after it was posted?
Why do others have these highly specialised research topics and I don't?
Sources of academic salary information?
Will a professor get annoyed with frequent requests for recommendation letters?
How are mathematics PhDs from the USA viewed in mainland European universities?
Is it bad to apply to one PhD program with the intent of leaving for another (more prestigious) one?
Is it appropriate to contact professors after application submission?
Insulting email from another graduate student
How to tell a professor at a foreign university politely and impressively that I can’t cover the costs of living for my PhD?
Is there any PhD program does not accept foreigners due to its strategic importance?
Does Oxford ever waive the IELTS language requirement?
Career outside academia for biologist + cognitive scientist
Can I do a PhD in Mechanical Engineering without experimental work?
References in statement of purpose
Is it a good idea for a prospective MS student to mention in his SOP that he has good expertise on software like Microsoft office?
Math PhD viva (UK): what to expect
StackExchange Rank in Resume?
Have you used such grading policy in your teaching?
Short Research Postgraduate Courses
Mental health problems affecting performance in coursework. Who (advisor, professors) should I talk to, and how?
What happens in a thesis defense when the non-committee members leave the room?
How should a PhD student deal with an unprofessional and unhelpful advisor, who misses most scheduled meetings?
What are characteristics of a "good" thesis topic?
Can I contact the author as a reviewer?
Should I ask a recommendation letter from a supervisor with whom I had sometimes difficult time working with?
Let's party !: ways to interact with the students similar to "Science Meets Speed Dating"
cheating in theoretical exams as there is no time!
Can I write in my SOP that I want to join labs which aren't belonged to the department I apply?
Can I refuse a grant position I was offered and still hope to work there in future?
License and attribution of images in compiled work for public outreach
European COST Actions
Tough Editor, How to handle?
Classifying empirical and non-empirical research in the social sciences
How do I go about publishing my late father’s legacy papers?
Applying for a PhD in Engineering. Crappy Undergrad GPA, Good Masters GPA. Help!
Should I put funded projects/grants on my CV where I am not PI?
Can tenured professors do more about injustice in universities?
Is the professor's reputation taken into consideration by the admissions committee when they read her/his recommendation letter
Going to JMM (Joint Mathematics Meetings) for Jobs without interview invitations?
Is it possible to write and defend a dissertation on work for a private company?
My undergraduate research advisor pressures me to work more hours than I want to, but I don't want to risk ruining the relationship. How to proceed?
Is there a tool for showing trend in a technical research field?
How can I transfer to a different Ph.D. program after experience with a bad advisor?
Does applying for a Masters at a school when also applying for a PhD look bad?
Why do we pay to present at conferences?
How brief I should be when contacting a professor for a PhD position for the first time?
I was caught having my phone out during a final, but I failed the test so would I still get referred to the dean?
What does the term POI mean in the context of graduate admissions?
Bad GRE scores, but otherwise decent application to PhD program. Still worth it?
References check for a tenure position?
Finding original research ideas/topics as an undergraduate student
Is providing an unpublished dataset worthy of coauthorship?
Can publications in which I am not the first author be used for tenure-track faculty applications?
Taking a math teaching job at a local 4-year college,
Do graduate admissions simply see the 'letter grades' for a course, or can they see the numeric grade and/or exam scores, too?
Overleaf template for IEEE journals
Acknowledge the proofreader of the thesis
Research partner switching authorship before publishing to Arxiv?
Textbook that is a combination of other textbooks?
Follow up email in 2 weeks - PhD application - a good idea?
Is it safe to send official GREs almost on deadline (e.g., the day before)?
Audit or B in class when applying to grad school (mathematics)
Sources to cover open-access fees
Providing APIs instead of directly providing data sets
Does a UK degree have the same classification in the US?
How important is it to tailor personal statements to different departments, in mathematics?
Is it prudent for new faculty to abstain from voting in a job search if the rest of department faculty is highly divided?
Should I notarise my transcript or attest it?
Are there any Books/Guides to developing researching skills for academia
Friend's Involvement in Plagiarism
Where to put explanation of figures, in caption or in text?
Copy/paste from the PhD thesis into my future publication
Should I mention this health issue I had on my graduate school application?
If I see a research paper published in multiple places, how can I tell whether or not it is unethical dual publication?
After contacting a potential supervisor, is it ok to ask if my application is competitive?
Failing a student for attendance or grade?
What to do if you have a troubled relation with your postdoc supervisor?
Is there a minimum amount of methodological modifications for extending previous work from other authors?
Where can I expect to receive responses to applications for jobs in math departments at universities?
Withdrawing an article out for review when another journal posts a call for papers for a special issue that is right on topic?
How to write a letter to nominate an awesome Professor for an award?
Which tenure-track jobs would a new math PhD have a shot at?
Using home address when submitting an article with no affiliation?
Do I need to inform my PI about every single project I am working on?
What is expected in a Thesis Abstract, on a math job application?
Faculty positions: What to say in a statement on diversity?
Why is it called an "abstract" if it is 10 pages long?
How to best prepare for a Master course
Are there any studies on the effectiveness of Qualifying examinations in Graduate Schools
How to react to a student who provides very critical comments about your teaching in a student evaluation survey?
Slightly revised version of submitted paper two days afterwards: will the editor be annoyed?
How does a graduate admissions committee consider junior/senior grades that are not yet available?
What's this mean: "The search for Assistant Professor, Mathematics has been suspended. Please visit the X University website for future openings."
How do I cite a paper by a person plus a company?
What belongs in the "Work Experience" section of graduate applications - is undergraduate research experience included?
Stuck completing master's thesis, how to overcome poor choice of topic and supervisor at this stage?
I forgot to rename the school when applying my SOP to another school. How bad is this?
How to offset poor undergraduate performance in core classes?
How would you cite in your CV a "Meet Our Editorial Board Member"?
Can college professors alter their grading scale to pass students? How often does this happen?
Should I ask the Editor for a third Referee when the answer of first two Referees do not agree?
What does it means figures are in contents?
What are some of the smart ways of finding related literature online
Ethically, should you report cheating that you learned of indirectly?
Do you let Google Scholar index popular science articles, conference abstracts, etc.?
What it takes for a Math department to develop a minor program in Statistics?
How to deal with a professor who delayed my contract signature until I received better postdoc offers?
Which ranking is more meaningful for post-doc students?
What is a "residency requirement" in the context of Canadian and US PhD programs?
Course of action after failing a (non-maths) course in hopes of entering grad school for maths?
Following up on a postdoc application at an academic conference in person
Quit PhD due to illness/no support and make a step back and apply to Masters/PhD again
PGCE usability and validity abroad
Is it ethical to cherry-pick reviewers based on their previous reviews of your manuscript?
Teaching at university (pathway 3 and teaching-oriented positions)
In a CV, how do I list my status of a PhD if I completed the oral exam, but not awarded officialy?
Should I explain my poor performance during undergrad, due to mental illness, when applying for PhD?
Writing a letter of recommendation for your own, new grad student?
Taking a job whilst waiting on PhD application decisions?
What is the difference between “methodology” vs. “originality of approach” when reviewing a paper
What do all the numbers mean in a pubmed shorthand citation?
When citing in MLA, do you need to cite the same source twice?
Can an unsuccessful grade appeal hurt an academic career?
Research Plan that works?
What is a "trade journal"?
Is there benefit in listing fewer degree options in MS application?
Is postdoc experience valued by industry?
Why don't academics bypass restrictions on the distribution of their papers the same way as an institutional open access policy seems to do?
Misunderstood exam question with consequences for incorrect answer
Can I withdraw an accepted paper if the fees are higher than expected because the proof is longer?
How often academic inventions have already been invented in private companies?
What can I do if I submitted a paper believing a journal to be free for authors, and after acceptance I'm asked to pay a fee?
What are “ad hoc” reviewers/referees for journals?
Does repeating a second course to bring my GPA up 0.05 points help or hurt for graduate admissions?
Second Masters in maths after master's in physics: how does it help getting into PhD in Europe?
What do I do if no one admits me to a PhD position?
Should someone be an author if they helped understanding a concept?
Is it bad if my mom comes to a conference with me?
How to select a journal for publishing when my priority is to publish soon?
Professor deletes me from Skype contact list after Skype interview and promise to give offer. Could this be a rejection?
Good books/resource on mathematical writing
When to label paper as "accepted" on your publication list?
How to overcome changing undergrad course/university due to failure
How to argue against questionable research practices such as P-hacking and Harking?
Asking part of the salary in advance while starting a postdoc at a US university
Pseudocode, in a paper -- is it a figure or a table?
Are P-hacking and hypothesising after results are known considered misconduct in academia?
Any way to know what version of a book I'm buying?
Are professors allowed to accuse someone of cheating based on a general increase in test scores?
Should I hold back criticism in an anonymous survey for fear of identification by the professor?
How can I overcome the fact that I attend a weak undergraduate institution?
How to overcome preconceived ideas about social scientists?
Is it possible to be admitted to a masters in Germany with a 3-year bachelors from another country?
University does not explicitly request either a motivational letter or recommendation letters
Should I get a BSc at a top-ranked university or a MComp at a lower-ranked university?
"Cold-calling" for a post-doc position in a group that cites you
How to choose a recommender during graduate school applications?
How much research experience do US grad schools really expect from an undergraduate CS student?
What does "archival quality" mean in the context of journal aims and scope?
I misunderstood an assignment, how to write to the professor apologizing and asking for extension?
Usage of a web application that I sold for an academic project: Copyright issues?
I would like to apply to a masters program in Japan but I have no research experience. Any advice?
Disposing of old written notes
How to avoid gender bias when writing letters of recommendation?
CGPA for PhD. applications
Why are grants not given via a centralized and organized system?
Best practice in versioning / backing up work?
Relative pronoun 'who' or 'which' when referring to article by authors' names
Internship university asks to give up all intellectual property
How Important is the GRE General / Subject compared to ACT / SAT?
Are author names typically visible to reviewers for paper award decisions?
How to contribute to friend's mathematics paper without overshadowing?
How do I check the ranking of an engineering conference, and determine whether presenting there will be useful for my CV?
Applying for three PhD programs at the same school
How to efficiently plan holidays in academia?
What can one do when emails to the editor go unanswered?
Should I include self-studied courses/topics in undergraduate resume?
Help with qualitative research
Are results from CFD analysis enough to write and publish a paper?
Can I, as a reviewer, tell authors to get a native English speaker to proofread their paper?
Bachelor's thesis can i use wordings from my supervisor
Ceeb code for college
Request an extension of revision deadline over the holidays
Can the ethics committee of a university do something about reuse of exam questions?
Hiring a PhD student who left another PhD position
How to politely communicate that you would prefer an earlier starting position to the offered one?
Non-English language papers submitted to REF for evaluation?
Is a Masters Degree mandatory to gain entrance to a PhD in US
Should I ask for permission from the journal before making available publicly the (anonymised) text of the evaluation I received from peers?
If I proposed my PhD this year (but have not defended) can I say that I graduated this year?
Dealing with professor after not getting back to him on a project?
I have an undergraduate degree and no research experience -- how to begin now?
Should I mention (double-blind) submitted conference paper in CV?
Is it a bad thing if my Personal History Statement reveals my intention to immigrate?
Is it common for research disciplines to have a large gap between theory and practice?
When should one change advisors? When should one keep going?
Where to start for a Topics Class
How can a PhD student seeking to transfer to another PhD program prove his/her research skills when his job is mostly teaching?
Is it practical to pursue AERO-MS in Europe?
How would an undergrad fund a conference trip with a single author paper?
Is writing a R package equivalent to a journal paper or PhD thesis chapter?
If a student's work has been substantially (>80%) revised, is s/he still qualified as the first author?
Will journal editors contact you if your book review has been rejected?
Taking undergraduate course by a graduate student, officially?
Which are the most relevant sources on the goals of university and their relation to its origins and evolution?
How is a PhD applicant's potential as a researcher evaluated?
Is it acceptable to wear the same outfit every day?
Is there something like a "peer-review paper"?
As a 2nd year undergraduate, what should I do to enhance my maths grad school application if I don't get into noteworthy summer programs?
What do I do if I don't have anyone to write my letters of recommendation for undergraduate research programs?
Why can it take more than a month to find a reviewer?
Where can I find descriptions of arXiv categories?
Is copying standard definitions from e.g. ICD without quotes considered verbatim plagiarism
W in transcript
Asking an editor about supplementary files to avoid journal overlength?
How to avoid exceeding normal page limits after revision?
US Master Admissions, LoR: Academic vs. Employer
Working with a professor who does both mainstream and non-mainstream physics research
Mass (spam) emails seeking short term internship, solutions
What if my paper is accepted, but later my institution doesn’t allow me to publish in this journal?
When do journal invitations for computer science conferences typically come out?
What to remember when supervising female PhD students?
Correct abbrevation of academic titles, e.g., “B.Sc.” vs “BS”
Any way around letters of recommendation requirement?
How should we evaluate our peers?
Test answer rejected for saying more than asked for
Abbreviating first names in the bibliography
How to aproach when thesis supervisor just "disappear"?
Term for reverse lookup of concepts
Concerted efforts to digitalize MS and PhD theses?
I want to know a little about everything, not everything about a very specific topic. Is this a good/bad mindset for a career in research?
If I am interested in specializing in theory of computation, should I be looking for a PhD program in CS or math?
Correct way to cite paper that is published as part of a book
How much depth should I have into a topic before I can claim it to be one of my research interests?
Ethics: Having students use my referral link for a product used in the classroom?
Why do some conferences ask authors whether a paper they are submitting to the conference was published in arXiv?
How can I progress with researching/working with profs with a bad transcript?
What is my professor thinking right now?
In the United States, how customary is it for professors to not check their emails around Christmas?
Is there any guide or organisation solution for increasing utilization of laboratory and lab equipment?
Acknowledge somebody whose advice is not relevant to the current manuscript anymore?
If I reworked an idea published by a paper which has a fatal error, could I publish a paper on my work?
What are good resources to read up on funding policies, especially pertaining to biology in the United States?
Is it valid to pad an axis slightly in order to enhance point visibility?
What happens if you don't enjoy your research partially through your degree?
Writing PhD thesis by copying and pasting paragraphs from publications I authored or co-authored: is this plagiarism?
Career options for Biomedical research besides PhD
At how many citations should I make my Google Scholar profile public?
Introducing abbreviations in an abstract for a repeated term
What is the meaning of "Complete and Send Review" in Elsevier journal under History tab
Could I submit a paper that I'm not sure about its proof?
Dealing with someone who asks many questions during presentations
Primary Investigator gets really nervous around me?
Should I include test scores and recommender information given elsewhere in my application in my CV for graduate admissions?
Is it better to do undergraduate research in the summer, or during the school year?
Applying for graduate programs, will missing classes count against me?
Would having some flaws in a perfect English SOP be bad?
Getting US faculty position with mentioned accomplishments
Sharing data (not a data set) with a research paper
Referring to individual chapters in a review of an edited volume
Studying for mathematics comprehensive exams
Should a cover letter always be included in faculty job applications?
Why doesn't the academic year start on January first?
I submitted my paper in a hijacked journal
Updating a review paper after several years by publishing a new review paper
Are comments on application folders accessible to students?
How to reduce negative consequence for the person I plagiarized my assignment from?
How to adopt flipped classroom strategies without student complaints?
I am afraid of being stuck in the administrative/teaching side of the academia in my country
Signaling Interest for Job at Low Ranked University
Do faculty hiring committees inform the candidates of the results?
Why is plagiarism so harshly punished?
How do the advantages of a flipped classroom overcome timing issues?
How to balance studies and part time job
How fast is the admission procedure for single-slot PhD applications in top universities in the UK?
I may not be admited to the school that have the professor I have interest in. What should I do?
What if an undergraduate concentrated on research on the account of his study?
Why don't publication venues systematically make the LaTeX source of papers available?
Will marking on graduate application that I'd like to be considered for admission without funding hurt my chances of receiving funding?
What does an optimal grading distribution look like?
Europe: Central Academic CS Job Market Service like CRA?
What are the effective strategies to increase GPA?
What are some examples of visually appealing papers?
Reading article on a tablet or paper
Just received a great recommendation letter with one incident of a different student name
One of my former professors no longer works as an academic, Can I still ask her for a recommendation letter?
Is there such a thing as listing too many areas of future work in a thesis conclusion?
How to negotiate salary at a school with a two-stage negotiation process?
Scientific Author Ranking Services
Can a professor grade students based on what she "remembers" with no proper record?
Should titles in the references be in title case?
Why does Google Scholar provide a different number of references when sorting by relevance versus date?
My manuscript status says that one referee sent a message but not a report
Is it bad to copy and paste from your SoP to other questions on a grad school app?
Is it normal that journals strongly suggest a professional English editing service?
Special student Harvard in Mathematics
In Canada, Is it more likely for faculty members to allocate funds for a PhD applicant than a master's applicant?
Planning to retake English language test for PhD admissions in the UK, but listed previous average in my CV - should I contact professor to explain?
I have no publications or professional experience, will my short CV look bad for US graduate admissions?
PhD in Quantum Computing - useful outside of academia?
Should I "offer" something when asking for a letter of recommendation?
How to increase participation in tutorials, as a teaching assistant?
How to start in updating a published paper
Is sending fall semester transcripts beneficial even if grades show a downtrend?
Reporting in first person singular where two authors are listed
What is a referee in the manuscript submission process?
How to ‘fill the gap’ between the end of one’s grant and handing in one’s thesis
What is a final undergraduate paper called in English?
Mention MOOCs in email to potential PHD supervisor?
Applying for PHD in Europe: getting a recommendation
"I noticed an (minor) imperfection in my paper, but it is already under review. What should I do now?
How can a new PhD Student objectively evaluate how well they are doing?
Drafting Postdoc Inquiry Follow-up
How to arrange a multi-topic academic homepage
Dataset of grad admission acceptance rate based on undergrad school
Why do some tests have a (nonzero) minimum score?
When to explain poor performance in a Statement of Purpose
Is it correct to submit a manuscript as a writing sample for graduate admission?
Should I remind potential mentors to look at my graduate application?
Does it matter where you go to undergraduate if you want to get into a good grad school?
Is the invited author of an editorial always the first author, even if their co-author wrote the whole thing?
Is it acceptable to contact the PI for a research position, in addition to applying through the careers site?
Is there any real benefit of an honors designation?
How to recognize/ judge whether the PI/ recruiter has selected me as post doctoral fellow?
To senior researchers, how would you view a student you wanted to work with, but who could not?
Is it appropriate to ask a professor about continuing my degree?
Is it appropriate to underline key words in an exam answer?
Are university salaries public information in Sweden?
Reference-style in the cover letter for resubmission of a manuscript
Research that was released to the press early, which remains credible?
Professor asks me if I have other options (to apply). How should I answer?
In a job talk for a postdoc position, should I refocus my talk to be closer to the research at this research center?
Why do some conferences with double blind review ask for author names when submitting the paper for review?
Color CV vs black and white CV
Passive voice vs. using "I" in a sole-author paper
How important is seeing the face of the instructor?
Is it plagiarism if only a short phrase or construct is the same?
Does equipment purchased with grants stay with the PI?
What incentives does an advisor have to help PhD students graduate in a timely manner?
How to get big-picture feedback from advisors, rather than just details, during fieldwork
Should I take credit from the idea that I have initially suggested?
Is it okay for a PhD student to go on holidays in breaks?
Do universities in the UK start making PhD admission decisions before the application period is closed?
Some economists seem to have a second PhD from a U.S. institution, conferred one year after their European PhD. How is this possible?
PhD application: my country isn't listed
Does doing an undergraduate math major make an applicant for philosophy phd programs more competitive?
Other evaluation systems than exams
How do Universities deal with applicants from high schools that don't offer other languages
Why are "Graphical abstracts" advantageous?
Are there introductory graduate courses for non-American PhD programs in mathematics?
Web of Science; any way to get the "Published Items in Each Year" numeric data?
Is it okay/common/good to mention the submitted papers in my phd thesis?
Why do some journals allow their papers to be open access for a short period of time after publication?
A place to host static HTML+JavaScript that can be referenced from a paper?
Can I add my current supervisor name in a conference paper if he pay for me the conference fees without taking a consent from my ex-supervisor?
Urgent Help: Company asked me for my research proposal
Why has the time spent studying declined so sharply in the United States over the the past few decades?
Access to math papers
How to list academic courses and grades on a pdf form?
Submit a new version of my paper if my supervisor only commented on an old, very different version?
Comparing Computer Science masters
When should a source be marked as available online?
What are the implications of the whole class failing an exam?
What solutions exist to store data in text files and future-proof against tampering?
What is the difference between a Bachelor of Arts Honours and a regular Bachelor of Arts?
What to put on my CV while I'm waiting to hear thesis committee's decision?
Check Robustness of ISI Q1 enlisted Journal?
How do I specify that I ranked first in a university which has alot of affiliated colleges?
Switching field of study from computer science to GIS in the post graduate level
Is it safe to post one's research on web sites like Math Overflow for "peer review" before submitting to a journal?
What to do with students who kissed each other in the class?
How big of a deal is it if I abbreviate a school name?
Should I alter personal holidays for a research visit?
Applying to Graduate School with misdemeanor charge?
The title of a book is different in the catalogue and on the cover. How do I cite it?
What counts the most for admission to a MSc : Erasmus programme or summer school / research programme?
How many on-campus interviews (for a tenure track math position) do you typically need to get one offer?
How should I give a talk about my paper if I know it has a significant weakness?
Accused of cheating on masters final; afraid that appeal will bring retaliation (ruining PhD applications)
Why do some articles recite/repeat known concepts?
Would it be a poor choice to focus on disability in both my personal history statement and diversity fellowship response?
When to use the word "Prof." in an SOP?
Teaching load and hired by the hour in the Swedish academic system
How to diagnose problems in a paper rejected in pre-review?
Visiting professor opportunities for PhD candidates
Professor gave me a higher grade than I deserved. What should I do?
Is there a template for academic paper changes report?
Including a non-relevant work experience in Statement of Purpose for higher studies abroad
What is the meaning of the official transcript?
Which authority dictates/regulates that in computer science a journal paper cannot be presented in a conference?
Why should we give the number of pages on arXiv?
Should I apply for a master's or PhD if changing to a related field -- linguistics coming from B.A. in Spanish and Chinese?
Is it OK to change mistakes/typos when you are in the minor revision stage of publication?
Professor didn't write a letter because I didn't waive my right to view it. How to let him know that I have changed this?
Is it possible to study an MBA as a Bachelor in Computer Science?
What does this Elsevier revision report mean?
(Author Date) inline citations vs anonymous references with ISO 690
Block-quoting a list: where to put the citation?
Unsatisfactory Instructor Evaluations: balancing of expectations of engineering students
When should we use publication list for peer evaluation?
Assignment due dates
How do I express a degree on my CV that I have completed but have not been awarded?
Do (scientific) editors complain with the publishers about user experience?
Beyond scope( Master thesis)
Do I have to be affiliated with an institution to publish on arXiv? Is arXiv the right place to put it?
Is it appropriate to put talks that are not related to research, but given at an academic institution, on a CV?
Is it significantly inappropriate to wear clothes bearing the name of University X, when working as an official employee at University Y?
I am part of a “study team” that authored a paper. How do I list in in my CV?
Do I have to sign a recommendation letter that will be submitted online?
How long does it take for PhD scholarship from DAAD
Is there a lot of writing in PhD programs in top-rank US schools?
Academic integrity problem in PhD proposal to reuse ideas/ self-plagiarize?
What counts as plagiarism?
What are the pros and cons of laptops in a classroom?
Author on paper overly similar in content to previously published work
An academic who died over 50 years ago still has Google Scholar profile with verified email. How can this be?
How long do the Marie Curie IF grant results take to come out?
Should a teaching statement always be included in faculty job applications, even if not required?
Exploring something completely new, even silly.
How to publish a paper that does not seem to be within the scope of any journal?
Name spelling problem in recommendation letter
Is using Mendeley to organize my files a good idea?
Website for professorship positions in Germany?
Are 3 courses per semester too few if one of them is of graduate level?
Rejecting a PhD offer after giving promise to the supervisor to work with him
Conferences without proceedings worthwhile for a PhD student?
Should I integrate the notations of different papers in the prior works section of my thesis?
How to find all the articles citing particular two?
Should I avoid using personal pronouns in an abstract?
How to deal with a colleague who always puts you down?
Would a high stack exchange rep make a difference in a job interview?
Accidentally finding the solution to an exercise
Hobby during PhD studies has taken its toll, how do I recover?
ECTS credits for US teaching credentials
Is it appropriate to ask an editor to have double blind peer review even if journal does not offer such an option?
Citation error in conference abstract
Out of a long list of suggested master thesis topic, how to decide which one to choose?
Differences in the capitalization of my name
How do you keep up with (non-periodical) conference proceedings?
Looking for a good repository for academic drafts
Confusing article status for journals of American Mathematical Society: "reviewing" AND "being handled by an editor"
What's the deal with grade inflation?
Should a reference letter for a student always be positive?
Trends on time spent studying over the the past few decades, for students outside the US
Is writing a grant proposal at the end of Ph.D. a good idea?
Is it possible to become a neuroscientist without first studying clinical medicine?
Could teaching at community college for a few years harm my career?
Going back to do a Postdoc at 35?
Do published papers always have to present an innovation?
Cheated in Undergrad setting
Can I include a note on extra-curricular activities in my SOP?
Finding Post-PhD employment in Mathematics - How difficult?
How to deal with an unethical editor?
Is it a bad idea to change/remove a co-author from a manuscript which is revision?
Where to advertise PhD positions without paying a fee?
How much trust are you supposed to give a peer-reviewed article?
Why do academic journals usually have continuous page numbering?
Should previous supervisors be mentioned in a personal statement for a PhD application?
Book series in bibliography?
Is the absence of complex analysis a significant disadvantage in math grad school application?
Applying to Canadian universities for PhD without a thesis based MS
How common are shortlist notifications for math postdocs?
In astronomy, would it be possible to continue doing postdocs for up to 15 years to increase your chance of getting a permanent position?
Any book or tutorial about good practices or typical mistakes when conducting scientific research?
Can one or two emoticons be used in a PhD Thesis?
Duke University Library Logo
Does inclusion on the ARC ERA 2010 journal ranking list imply the journal is not predatory?
Is it common to offer a position to someone before the position is advertised?
How do I cite / write about something someone has just said during a presentation?
Google Scholar verification question
How to effect change in a faculty's course materials?
Are "fact sheets" an acceptable reference?
Can I somehow leverage my willingness to work for a lower salary in job applications?
Why do some MOOCs close their enrollment?
qualitative research participants name
Is it a bad thing to send an application for a master thesis late at night?
'et al' in presentation speech
Within social science research, which research practices are generally regarded as problematic?
How to describe teaching experience on an Industry Resume
Am I screwed with a Computer Science degree?
How can I compile a study material of a course in this case?
What are the things one should consider while defending a PhD thesis, especially when the two examiners have completely different comments?
Ethics and acknowledgements
Plagiarism of my work
1 PhD student, 2 institutions...1 of them completely closed to talking
can I reuse Coursera material for my lecture notes?
Why scientists don't share their research ideas?
Can a PhD student accused of plagiarism revise/resubmit the thesis?
How to publish an [La]TeXified version of an old typewritten book in mathematics?
What database catalogues citations in the humanities?
Got some problem with math
Post-doc Salary in Germany
Publishing while working from home independently, what affiliation to give?
Does announcing the submission of a paper on social networks violate the double-blind review?
Is using a different methodology enough for a master thesis?
Is using academic writing services for a thesis considered plagiarism? Can they write in an original fashion?
What are some options to do over the summer that will help me in grad school?
What to list as affiliation when work spans multiple institutions?
How to write/cite a description of a software product in a master's thesis?
What visa to be employed by a company while completing a PhD as a foreign student in the US?
Is computer science worth double majoring in for an aspiring Data Scientist?
(undergraduate) my graduate student is extremely cutthroat
How to find the list of relevant IEEE journals to publish a paper in?
Is it ethical to have results in your PhD thesis that are not strictly yours?
How to recognize motivated applicants in PhD interview?
Should I mention the target audience in the abstract of a paper?
How to acknowledge copyright for figure reproduced from arXiv preprint?
Going to Industry and Keeping Publishing
Should the PhD proposal be discussed and adjusted by supervisor and student before formal application?
Is a 3 year Ph.D. too short for MA/MSc graduate?
Should I include PhD experience in MSc application?
What does recommended for acceptance mean?
How to approach undergraduate research without official program?
Loss of an exam day in a four-week class
How to pitch a research idea to a professor as an undergraduate?
Good first-time study pre-registration website/service
Strategies, approaches, methods for motivating innovation adoption in academia
Is it common for a postdoc to develop the whole commercial systems on his own for his supervisor's industrial customer
Online Slot Management and recruitement tool for lab studies
How do judges evaluate presentations at an undergraduate conference?
Arxiv puts submissions on hold for months, ignores email
Putting future TA position on my CV
How to deal with post-high-school gap in CV?
I got a C in a core class. Should I retake it?
Database of funded US Department of Defense (DoD) component grant proposals with abstracts: Does it exist?
How can a Master degree lead to 300 ECTS?
A cv with or without passport photo while applying for postdoc
Is there a concept of qualification examination in U.S. Ph.D. programs and how does it relate to credit counting?
What English expression resembles the German "Tutor"?
Is a short CV problematic?
What can I do, if I don't like the proposed research subject by my potential supervisor?
Chemical Engineering subject classification
How to obtain an alpha-numeric endorsement code to give to my potential arXive endorser
How does PhD candidate salary compares between differen European countries, and the USA?
"Can't" and "don't" in a mathematical paper
Merging ArXiv paper and conference paper on Google Scholar
What is the right place to ask specific questions about a specific paper?
Comparing results of the same survey administered to two different populations. How to call it?
Would a Professor be responsive to a meeting request from a PhD student like this?
PhD application SOP - include several research ideas or just one?
What PhD programs (Business-Marketing) are open to older applicants?
What are some of the starting phrases that I can use while responding to Ph.D examination committee questions during my defence?
Leaving postdoc after less than one year with no reference letter
Can my supervisor steal my theoretical achievements, and publish a paper without me
Prefix Dr. or Mr./Ms. if I have an MD but not a Ph.D. in medicine?
Do professors in Germany have other payment than their standard salary?
Switching tenses from past to present within a paragraph in a research paper
Is it good to join industry in middle of phd?
Cite related work from same year as defense?
I found a published paper that looks dodgy. What to do?
Does the school or the student cover health insurance for PhD students in the US?
How important is it to show students an application of the topics seen in an undergraduate course?
Is it ok to put old papers on the arXiv?
What is the importance of a very tangentially related minor in grad school applications?
How to reply to a potential PhD supervisor who asks if I have my own funding?
Is it okay for a thesis to have sections of very different lengths?
Should I submit a paper to a venue that is unlikely to accept it?
How to search for one phrase in the title and a different phrase in the body of the paper in a single Google Scholar search?
How should I ask professor for letter of recommendation?
Sending a paper to a conference with indicating that it is a preliminary version
Figures in a results/discussion page
How do I deal with postdoc acceptances that come in before my preferred institution makes its decision known?
Is it possible to overcome poor undergrad performance with a masters at a much lower ranked institution?
What are the chances of admission in to Graduate School in USA after being informally interviewed by a Professor on Skype?
Is cover letter another name for the statement of purpose for a PhD position?
How often can the reviewers correctly guess the identity of the authors when the review is double-blind?
What's my PhD status after I passed my oral defense (UK)?
Should I inform my professor of a very recent paper vaguely related to his research?
How can I show the admission board that I'm better than my academic record says
Probability of acceptance when editor requests "major revisions" but one reviewer recommended "full rejection"
Is it possible for a research article to be informative and ground breaking without referencing any other work?
Can I submit a paper to an IEEE/ACM journal even if a similar paper is already published by someone else recently?
How much is practically maximum number of publications in each academic level?
How to write in the SOP that I need funding?
Should I post the data my project was tested on in the paper?
Whether to exclude standard deviation in plot of outcomes of a series of experiments?
Junior professorship (W1) in Germany without full German proficiency
Can I upload a modified version of a code from a journal paper to Github?
Advisor likes MS Word, I like LaTeX
Whether to accept co-authorship for conference presentation after making only a small contribution?
Supervisor does not ask for opinion of graduate student about an undergraduate thesis that the graduate student assisted with
Statement about previous doctorate applications
Academic cv items: chronological order or most recent first?
How do you go about asking your advisor/research assistant supervisor for a week off?
How closely to the deadline should I expect professor to submit reference letter on my behalf?
A university does not allow its employees to use its affiliation on papers done in spare time; how normal is that?
Will publisher waive fee if currently unaffiliated?
What are the proper venues to talk about the ethics of software engineering?
I feel that my professor didn't notice a mistake I made on an assignment. Should I have informed the professor of my mistake?
How to rectify no publication after PhD graduation?
How can I mentally prepare for grad school?
How to cancel an article submission
After Bachelor in Physics - Research?
What is the Doctor implying here?
Section for "main results" and use of "conclusion" in a math article
Indentation of the first paragraph in a section
PhD interview - short (!) presentation
Why does arxiv.org not assign DOIs?
What does a taught Master's admission board consider important?
Should I mention that I worked as a professional online poker player on my university application?
Do Europe committees care about my community service for GRE learners?
The school's guidance on SOP doesn't match to what I know about it. What should I do?
Is it possible to write a proposal to get a junior professor position in Germany, when existing openings seem far from my research interests?
Submit manuscript to tier A conference or wait and submit to A* conference?
For 2nd application should I produce my transcript
What is the fate of an accepted paper in Springer conference but not being presented?
PhD interview question when you don't know the answer
I want to approach a certain subject for my diploma project, but unofficially I may get a bad grade for doing so. What should I do?
If a postdoc is interested to apply for a future professorship in his/her current institution. What should she/he do in the postdoc research period?
Citing a paper with multiple versions
Is it ok to share a a client's dataset on github, along with my code?
Is it possible to do a PhD in one field along with a bachelor's degree in another field, all at the same time?
Grounds for an ethics complaint? UK math prof. publicly misrepresenting results from an unrelated discipline
Research paper with experimental results from a small amount of data
I'm unhappy with my Master's. Should I drop out?
Google Books fair use and paraphrasing
What if a lecturer has to use the bathroom while on stage?
Student asks for letter of recommendation: I can't remember the student
Fair use and copyrighted materials explicitly stating not to use
Daily Habits to Prepare for Graduate School
Possibility of Changing Bad Impressions
What constitutes a declarable conflict of interest in gender studies?
Balancing Between Theory and Application in Early Career
How many candidates are usually invited for a campus interview?
Is offering to use personal funds for research a good idea?
Terse definition of many symbols
Should I add Guest Lecturer experience in my CV?
How does one go about finding out who the good instructors are?
Is alumni success a valid parameter for selecting a group?
Interdisciplinary Problem Session hosted by Mathematics Department: Advice
Are there potential negative repercussions for reviewing articles submitted to dubious or predatory journals?
Eventual Career Objective
What should I do if I want to do a PhD at a particular lab but cannot secure a scholarship?
How important is the write-up of a PhD thesis for an academic career?
Should I mention undergraduate research history when writing a resarch statement for a faculty position?
What questions to expect from Skype chat with potential supervisor for a Masters in Neuroscience?
Moving from government research to academia
Should the length of a research statement and a teaching statement be the same?
How to condense a full journal paper to a two-page conference abstract?
What can I do about these disingenuous classmates sabotage and manipulation?
Is it appropriate for an undergrad student to ask a professor to sign a non-disclosure agreement?
How to write a recommendation letters for an undergrad student applying to transfer to another university?
As a full-time paid RA, should I get co-authorship on a paper that I have written?
Layout for a thesis chapter describing an undergraduate course
How to write an email to an academic asking for a summer research project?
How to create an editorial board for a new journal
Determining the co-presenters of a conference presentation when the work is already published
The ideal period to finish the Ph.D
Been working towards undergrad degree on and off, now finally found my passion and want to go for a PhD. What should I do?
GitLab Project or Group for version control of 2 subprojects in my thesis, which consists of code and the latex report?
What are the pedagogical and institutional implications of implementing a Lecture Capture system?
Reading list about the organisation of education in colleges in America
How can an individual stop the university's standards and quality from deteriorating?
How to solicit feedback from students about faculty candidates?
Can I ask for a "general" letter of recommendation?
Finding papers that acknowledge a specific author
Revising timely submitted paper after hard deadline
Identifying reputable journal indexing services
Is it ok to ask a professor if he/she is taking a leave of absence
Advisor unresponsive after agreeing to introduce me - What to do?
Is there any self hosted alternative to Researgate/Academia/GScholar
What is the meaning of h-index for a journal?
Is it common for universities to have scientific development plans?
How deal with an innovation from outside academia
What is the difference between digest and extended abstract?
What should be the contents of the "describe your undergraduate program" while applying for grad schools?
Relation of concepts "related work"/"background"/"preliminaries"/"state of the art"?
"Withdrawn" grade as a graduate student
Change in "under review" date
Does a preprint include revisions made in response to peer review?
To publish or not to publish
Asking a professor about his advisor
How to determine which college textbooks are most widespread?
Dataset of retraction fines per publisher
What is the normal total time for Peer Review for a general paper submission (Not a Special Issue) in IETE Journal of Research Taylor Francis?
Which methodology of a research paper around a proposed software system
How common is it for recommendation letters to be sent directly from the writer to the recipient?
How to send your transcript directly from your US university to grad schools without the transcript office knowing which schools
No response from journal after submission
Determining the appropriate research design
Should I lead an applause after introducing colloquium speaker?
Negotiating a retention offer
How to know whether my submission to a mathematics journal is significant enough?
Is it ethical for a journal editor to use a generic rejection response when desk rejecting a manuscript?
Is the author obliged to answer all emailed questions regarding his or her paper after it had been published?
Phone contact after no response from scientific collaborator?
"Very Similar" vs "Based On" for purpose of paper "narrative"
How to find the money for an Open Access publication fee, if you're a postdoc and you don't have any funds?
How to find the number of citations for each version of an arXiv article?
When does a PhD student officially stop being a PhD student?
France/USA collaboration funding for young researcher?
Shall I include a list of workshops and conferences attended during my UG in my 4 page CV?
Software copyright issues
How is publishing under a random pseudonym authorized?
Asking a professor whether my application has been accepted or not
In Germany, is it possible to get a professorship in the same university where you earned a PhD?
How should one acknowledge a funding agency if it fulfils its obligations only partially?
Is it legal for a US professor to require remuneration from the foreigner for consulting services?
In teaching evaluation, does the number of students a faculty teaches matter?
Steps to take from a paper to a patent?
Identical APA-style In-text citations
Using previously developed code for research at a new place
Co-advising - how does it work?
How can I use parentheses in google scholar?
Are there any metrics considering how heavily cited a paper is within another paper?
PhD funding - other sources
Is it common for a university to buy a plane ticket directly?
Need suggestion on simultaneous submission in journal and conference
Masters Thesis: Self-containment
Writing a paper on a smartphone implementation of previous work
Is overlapping of two dissertations in TCS acceptable?
Admission into masters degree without partial or full transcript
How do editors assess urgency of submissions?
Is it appropriate to buy a “thank you” gift for a MSc supervisor?
Axis naming for multiple parameters in one graph
Several questions about Master Applications
What counts as an outcome of a grant?
Applying for long term visit during PhD
How should I ask for a modification in the admision procedure of a Master programme?
Asking admission committee to confirm if they received my application and letters
Should I leave my PhD?
How should a graduate student email a professor from another country in order to get feedback on their work?
Missed a deadline for a fellowship!
When do most students publish in a European PhD?
Aiming for graduate school in applied math with weak math grades
For a professor in the US, How important is one's relationship with the dean?
How do you validate a scientific paper that uses a non-public cell/animal line?
How to deal with an author who worked on an analysis that never made it into the paper?
What to enter for "current situation" in PhD application if one is unemployed
research statement for assistant professorship (W1, pure mathematics in Germany)
There is a language/cultural barrier between me and my supervisor, what can I do to improve this situation?
Quotations and references in introductions to novels
How to cite a newspaper article with no author in APA style using MS Word?
Is it OK to refuse to cite paywalled papers?
Sciencedirect expert search AND/OR/AND NOT confusion
Updating Paper Status after Applying to Graduate School
Is it a good practice to point out errors (politely) in a previously published paper in a review response
Can I use an accented Chinese name when publishing a paper in academia?
If the name I used on the publication is different from my legal name, which one should I use in the copyright form?
Using materials from a CC-BY-licensed poster with logos
How to publish my PhD as a monograph when examiners are unable to oversee the process?
How do I politely ask a convenor to not publish my name on the conference website?
How can I get my name removed from the acknowledgments of a published paper?
Does a conference talk in an invited session count as an invited talk?
What to do with letter of recommendation if you left program unhappily?
I feel like my teacher is disrespectful towards me in the most subtle, Japanese way possible. What should I do?
How to respond to a comment when two reviewers ask the same or similar question?
What is expected from a graduate-level term paper?
Am I allowed to my article to researchGate which is so far only published at arXiv?
How should I respond to a professor's email following up on an offer of admission?
Can a theoretical physicist win a Nobel Prize anymore?
Are there higher education systems in which is not required to write a thesis?
My paper is accepted for a presentation in a conference; but I can not attend. Now what?
Choosing appropriate words for lay summary of a health research project
How would I cite the US Constitution in Harvard style?
How does one organize their publication pipeline?
Establishing programs in Universities
How are reference letters for postdocs submitted?
Fraternity/Sorority and Graduate Application
How to deal with a nosy fellow graduate student?
Recommendation letters for REU from grad student
Is it really necessary to have letterhead for recommendation letter from employer to apply for US universities?
Can I change my recommendation letter provider?
Learn to write scientific papers in medicine
Maintaining a conference advertisement list
What does being acknowledged in a medical journal imply?
Is ethical approval needed for online studies?
If I took electives from another program during my BSc and MSc, how should I list it on my CV?
Can I edit my name on a submitted paper if I changed my name during the review process?
How do I write a cover letter for a journal that has a double blind review process when I need to reference my previous conference paper?
Should I include a patent in my cumulative PhD thesis?
Missing funding deadline for serious reasons: what to do?
How to protect the timeline of my project when the supervisor is not willing to negotiate anything?
Collection of examples of course designs with the flaws pointed out and explained?
Harvard citation of original journals but accessed online?
Public dataset without license: what is allowed?
Publish own work online, ethics and platform
seeking reimbursement after faculty interview
Seeking a permanent job during a postdoc in a different country/continent: official and moral responsibilities
How to deal with an advisor that sets a slow publication pace
Should I still submit a manuscript to a journal if a member of the editorial board is advancing a competing theory that is incompatible with my work?
Contacting multiple professors for supervision
Should I ask my teacher before using speech-to-text software?
Is it okay to begin a chapter without an "introduction section"?
Should I address my GPA declination in my personal statement?
Does a chapter published in a book fit as part of a paper-based dissertation?
Vancouver style citation and multiple sentences
Should I include a paper published in a non English language in my CV?
Under which title in CV should I list a paper accepted in a conference?
Writing a thesis acknowledgement: should I address the person as "you" or use 3rd person?
Is it common that you can't finish the exam questions during PhD study?
Ethics on shortening project in grant application to raise chances of success
Master's degree vs. Master's degree without thesis
Continuum from collaboration on homework to copying
How do postdoc proposal and PhD proposal differ?
Last minute master's application?
When applying for a new job or fellowship, how to protect your ideas from being stolen by the lab you are applying to?
Would it be beneficial for me to transfer to a university with a PhD program instead of continuing to study for a MS?
What is the affiliation of an industry author that works for a consulting company?
Not citing code libraries used for paper
Acceptance rate of an IEEE conference
Is a PhD from a developing country worth paying for?
When transferring credits do I need permission from the "leaving" university?
Finding conferences in subject area (Medical Informatics)
"Official" journal abbreviation of MAGMA
Advice for first time TA in mathematics
How important is it, exactly, to use a rubric for grading undergraduate lab reports?
Unofficial documents for admission process
As an Australian student with a UK citizenship, can I study in the UK?
Would it be a good idea to ask professor about academic standing relative to other students?
Why is it recommended to do a post-doc outside of the group you did your PhD in?
Send link to a document/draft instead of attaching it to mail
How to reply to editor's comment such as 'Such a revised paper may be refereed and there would be no guarantee of acceptance'? Is it necessary?
Criticism of Paper
Seeking out guidance from a Professor at another institute during PhD
When presenting an idea to a professor: Be optimistic or realistic
How to make a great first impression at a conference?
Bulk download Sci-Hub papers
Is it a good idea to write a larger than expected project report?
Pitfalls of Academic Blogging
Reference citations sequence for "Crescent Classification"
Is it fair to withhold test and assignment memorandums at tertiary educational institutes?
"Educational review articles": How find these
Is it ethical to obtain journal articles from places other than the publisher's official sites?
How to attract students under Erasmus
"Will be recommended for publication in IEEE Xplore." What does it mean?
Should authors omit statements / citations of well known results in response to referee requests?
What is the most common way to change fields in academia?
Literature search methodology for non-academics?
Literature searches in publications when you have limited access to journals
Postdoc salary negotiation (UK)
Read both revised and original version to cite paper?
Best course of action to get into theoretical and mathematical biology
How to greet when having a PhD panel interview?
Query for a PhD
How to write a reminder mail to a Professor asking about the application?
Replying to a reviewer - should use (Anonymous) if citing paper by co-author?
Why aren't scientists richer?
Dress code in Japanese academia
How would I preface being on the president's list in the same way that someone can be a “winner” of an award, on a bullet list
At the various levels of a post-graduate career, how much freedom of research will I have?
What is the point of listing 1000 authors for a single scientific paper?
Does performing a statistical analysis for a biologist warrant authorship?
If a paper has co-first authors, is the next author after the first authors considered the second author?
How often to meet for successful supervision of Master theses?
Materials & methods in multi-phase experiment
Is it alright not to include my previous supervisors as co-authors, when publishing PhD work, now that I graduated?
Is it good to compare universities in motivation letter for student visa?
How to remind a professor about my previous mail that was sent two months ago?
Restricting details in privacy-related research to prevent abuse
When teaching, which question types are effective for stimulating deep processing of the material in students?
Someone else's PhD student is not getting proper advising on methods. Should I interfere? How?
As an undergrad in research, how should I deal with a uncommitted PhD co-worker?
What is the best way for personal knowledge management in academia?
UK Postgraduate student loans for 2016-2017 intake
Is it advisable (or even usual) to invite a foreign member of doctoral jury to give a lecture just after the defense? Or is it inappropriate?
What are some faculty positions focused purely on research in Europe?
Can I write my PhD thesis based on another student's paper if I'm a co-author?
Using second person in cover letter for a publication
How to nicely communicate to my professor that I prefer a different topic/project
How to reference organizing conference symposia / panels on CV?
What to do if a university is pushing for a response before making a formal offer for a tenure-track position?
What are the challenges to publishing a paper when you have a huge number of collaborators?
Effect of offensive speech online on grad student life
Should I agree to teach a class for my supervisor even though I don't get any acknowledgement for it?
How to anonymize self-citation of source code repository in IEEE double blind peer review?
How to list a paper in your CV when having 1000 co-authors?
Why "ETH" in degrees awarded by ETH Zurich?
What is the difference between cumulative dissertation and regular dissertation?
Coadvisor assigning seemingly superfluous tasks
My university is listed on Anabin as H+ but my degree is not listed. Should I worry about this?
Measuring Progess in Academia Solely By Using a Person's Publications?
How do hiring/promotion/grant committees assess individual applicants who've authored papers with huge teams
Why are some journals for research papers called “review”?
Can experience as a high school teacher or freelance tutor be useful for graduate admissions?
how to ask help from an area expert and getting feedback?
Is a PhD (economically) still worth doing?
What to do after receiving poor academic recommendation(s)
How should I state 'MS dropout' in my resume when applying for data scientist positions?
Can editors review a manuscript and make a decision if they cannot find any reviewers?
Why would new teachers' grade distribution consist of more As and Fs than more experienced teachers'?
How often do PhD students from top universities go on the academic job market and fail to get a job?
Putting Semiformal "Nonpublications" on your website
How to find GPA distributions for US universities
Is it counter-productive to admit obvious weaknesses when applying for a position?
Do I own the copyright to my Master's thesis? or does it belong to my university?
Is there documentation on how long it takes before publications are indexed by Scopus and Web of Science?
Do you acknowledge someone mentioned in your paper/presentation that is in the audience?
Should I be credited for my programming contribution to a dissertation?
How should you cite dead urls in a thesis?
How to respond to papers that put forward unreasonable criticisms of my research area?
How much revenue do academic authors make on their published books?
What to do if one of my recommenders has commited a plagiarism violation that has been publicized online?
Is it ethical to require student work in exchange for letter of recommendation
The third letter of recommendation. Which one could strengthen my PhD application?
What should I be asking when publishing my materials with for-profit websites?
Getting rid of first degree to apply for second
How often are lectureship positions just for one year?
Are publishers making less money on textbooks now?
Should work as a lab assistant be listed under work experience on a CV when applying for a Masters in computer science?
Contacting via email or Linkedin (or similar sites) to help land a faculty appointment
Why is Scientific publishing methods at stagnation in this age of internet?
Top 30 informal phone offer, what are the chance of not receiving the formal offer?
Advice with letters of recommendation etiquette
How does peer-review work for "gigantic" collaboration projects?
Math tutor is evading or giving wrong answers
Get notification from the papers in the conference and the calendar
Are unpaid postdoc positions common?
Will a Master in Science (Statistics) helps in landing a job
Journal papers starting with a famous quotation
Potential advisor asking which other programs I got into, but I haven't gotten into any others?
How to find the number of papers per language written by a researcher?
How good of a conference can I realistically submit my first paper to? How can I figure out which conferences I'm good enough to submit to?
How do I explain to a student why departments that do similar things have seemingly different names?
How does one define a non-biased, citation-worthy study?
How to manage very weak students presenting problem solutions?
Will my paper get an ISBN/ISSN number if I upload to arXiv.org?
How can I get sufficient guidance from an advisor who's always travelling?
Can anybody help me in letter sample for a journal asking for permission to use figures in the paper?
What are the best sites or free software for rephrasing sentences?
How to correctly cite adapted and translated course lecture notes?
Where can I find a collection of past exams w/ answers on various subjects?
What does "to be enjoyed with all rights and privileges pertaining thereto" mean on a French diploma?
How to properly cite a comment from reddit
Impact on PhD application omitting a recommendation letter from research advisor in that field?
Visa interview: Will you return to your home country after your studies?
Re-using literature review ideas in another assignment, paper, etc
When are usually the applications deadlines in United States for a Computer Sciences graduate program?
Xilinx university program terms issue
When do I let other places I applied to know I have an offer?
Corrigendum for wrong reporting of results
Profs who have done a full year sabbatical overseas with a family: How did you make it work?
Is there any recognized online portal where anyone can publish articles without being associated with any university or organization?
How to ask graduate program coordinator, if i got funding?
Likelihood of an undergrad publishing from home
Why do professors ask candidates at PhD interviews what specific problems they are interested in?
I included some results in my thesis that some other PhD students included in theirs. Is this plagiarism?
How to find a math conference accepting papers?
How to automatically retrieve journal ranking and quartile from article list
How to find an author biography as mentioned in papers?
Manuscript Revision: Is it alright to include the response to reviewer comments as an attached file rather than typing in the text box provided?
Habilitation in Germany as a nonresident
Should I be concerned about the validity of my degree if my peers in other educational systems seem to have more difficult exams?
CV with academic transcript
"It is our policy not to include attributions of figures and tables" - what does this mean?
Is an undergrad travel grant relevant to a CV?
How to react professionally when you receive a complaint from a student
PhD adviser moving to another school - Should I follow?
Is it acceptable to extend deadlines for coursework delayed due to student activism?
Test an already existing hypothesis but in a different setting/country?
W2 Positions in Germany after Postdocs elsewhere
Separating academic identity from social identity
non-US PhD's with extensive course work
How to cite a paper whose place and status of publication is questionable or unknown
Why is getting your PhD in Iran invalid for obtaining a post-doc position in the US?
Find articles that have certain keywords in supplementary material
Independent Research
How to go about finding a Thesis advisor for Master degree
For benchmarking purposes, How do I find out who shares the same qualification combination as me in my current location?
What is the difference between "request for proposals" and "call for proposals" in the context of applying for funding?
How can I ask a teacher to follow the textbook more closely?
How to write references in a Report and Research paper?
How to deal with a student who most likely has a mental condition, and keeps arguing with me in class?
Origin of public defense of thesis
How to ask for a non passing grade?
How do I inspire my students to work through problems on their own?
What is the typical academic career path following a PhD in computer science?
How much experience is required to apply to be on the editorial board of a journal
How to write the Graduate Coordinator regarding admission
If an author does not intend to make much revenue from a book, why not make it open-access?
Why pay a fee to have your article (in a subscription-based journal) made open access when you can just put the preprint on arXiv?
Value of "nonresearch articles" section in PNAS
What are some specific benefits of having my name as a coauthor on a research paper as an undergrad?
Correct identification of scientific journal?
How are years of experience counted for determining level on salary scale for a Netherlands postdoc?
My research work is published before me
Should I choose a journal for submission from the journals I have cited and should I cite papers from the journal I intend to submit to?
Is it OK to add citations from low impact factor journals?
How to manage/avoid stress during manuscript writing?
Why do Universities offer a "Double PhD Program"?
Addressing Professor in email with half-typed name, how to deal with the mistake?
What to do when you find out your research result is wrong because it's based on wrong methods/results, after years of works?
What does "activated" DOI number mean?
Response time of a research supervisor
Can I modify my name on my Scopus profile page?
studying research methodology
How to narrow down a research topic in mathematics?
Accepting a graduate offer of admission and then turning it down
In case of in-lecture quizzes, is it unreasonable to fail students who are late or absent?
Finding papers that report results on a dataset
How to tell about mistakes made in a previous publication to adviser?
Selling/Buying software in academia
Is attending a more expensive and prestigious foreign university a good financial investment?
Is it a problem if I publish my thesis bearing the same title of a journal article I published previously?
Is it worth it to write a book with my advisor instead of focusing on journal/conference publications?
Is assessing grant proposals CV-worthy?
How to ask someone to collaborate on a joint paper?
How much details one should learn when studying mathematics on his own?
Sending preprints to colleagues
No response from potential PhD faculty
First time being asked to review a conference paper
Hiring an academic researcher to implement an algorithm in a paper they wrote
What is the impact of using complex words on the paper acceptance probability?
Should bullets appear before animations, or animations before bullets?
My PhD advisor writes funding proposals based on my ideas without involving me
My advisor asks about my salary?
Interviews for academic teaching positions and "diversity"
Is copy-editing/typesetting the only step in the publishing process where someone other than the author makes changes to the manuscript?
Why would a professor write many recommendation letters?
If an undergrad maths student publishes a paper in renowned journals, then will he be able to get chance in top universities?
Performance of the Toronto Paper Matching System (TPMS) for (conference) paper review assignment
Terms for an PhD grant that covers everything
Ways to display extra-curricular/independent learning
Who to cite if the original source of a citation does not contain the content that was cited?
How to deal with a professor who grades assignments and exams incorrectly
Who owns intellectual property from research funded by an external company at a university?
How to write an effective but gentle reminder email to a journal editor?
Report blatant self-plagiarism to journal editor or PubPeer?
Does students asking questions in class improve the learning outcome of the entire class?
Formal letters: is it okay to list your credentials in a long sentence?
When no program is available in your country and all attempts to join foreign ones failed
Can you obtain detailed date information on publications when using Google Scholar?
Is it worth attending the Grace Hopper conference without presenting anything as a first year PhD student?
Is it common to not send rejection letters?
How negative to go in a statement of purpose?
Submitting an unsolved-problem paper to open access journals
How can I tell my advisor that I'm not going to work for free?
Is it okay to cite a Wikipedia page address as a definition of a concept used in my thesis?
Writing theory section of thesis - feels like I am just copying
How can we help cope with sleep deprivation among university students?
While my elsevier in press article shows up on the journal website, it has not appeared in Google Scholar after a week
Reply to Graduate Admission offer
Is it plagiarism to reference a fictitious source?
How to identify studies that should be replicated?
How to ignore a presenter's bad english?
Applying for faculty position --wondering how long to expect to wait
If no funding is available at the time of admission, what are the chances of getting funding later, and when would I find out?
Why is it reasonable to believe that this student handed in a term paper from another class?
Can you get hired where you received your phd?
Co-author does not want biography+photo in paper submission
Can I transfer my PhD to a Masters
Doctorant (PhD student) vs doctorant contractuel (contractual PhD Student)
Is it possible to continue a PhD program in a different university (PhD transfer)
Is it okay to include a very long appendix (for MS thesis)?
Does scientific experience matter for a funded PhD application?
How to screen out candidates for faculty jobs who don't know the subject
Petitioning to leave PhD program with terminal masters due to illness in family - how should I expect my request to be handled?
Having decided to become a researcher after long career in industry, should I work independently or start a PhD?
Serving sweets at an oral qualifying exam
Take advantage of coursework based masters program
Importance of PhD pedigree when applying for tenure-track jobs
How should I deal with being harassed by my supervisor in a non-work situation?
How can I keep up with all the important advances in fields related to mine?
When updating a preprint on arXiv, should I update my affiliation?
If I believe a student lacks the preparation to pass, what should I say to them?
How much does a publisher charge authors if they want to make their book open access?
Should I warn a professor about his bad internet security practice?
Evaluating red flags in potential advisors' scientific production and impact, past students, research interests and personality
What do PhD programs, specifically finance and Econ programs, look for in research experience?
Does it look bad if I publish an IEEE journal article without "Member, IEEE" next to my name?
Do most postdoc offers include travel funding?
What should I do if I am having a very hard time with a course and the professor teaching it, but he is the only one who ever teaches this course?
How can a masters student compensate for lack of solid foundation in basic math and CS fundamentals?
Should I accept a funded MS offer, and then wait for other offers, knowing that under the resolution I can submit a resignation of the funded offer?
Grading many exams without getting sick
How do universities (particularly medium sized ones) plan their master course schedule?
Should I ask for a recommendation letter from a professor who has a bad non-academic reputation?
Obligation to quote source of grammatical knowledge
Can we modify some part of a standard benchmark? Will the results be accepted by the community?
How can you change a bad course run by somebody else?
What are possible legal ways to obtain a textbook for free?
Should one cite during university exams?
Is it true that PhD students need to work 10-12 hours a day every day to be productive?
What does a kick-off conference really mean?
Ordering of co-primary authors on website
How to treat papers or other work from dyslexic students?
Discovering an error after publishing?
How do I prepare for another application?
Plagiarism if different term used?
Where to publish research if I do not want a peer review process?
Where can I publish summaries of my research?
How can one prevent a co-author from publishing without consent?
Do reviewers become biased about research papers written by authors of a previous low quality paper?
How can writing a Review Paper possibly help in the CV of a undergraduate student?
What could be the negative factors in getting a PhD position in theoretical computer science?
Someone reported cheating during a quiz, but I didn't catch it myself
Is it plagiarism to use an online tutorial as the basis for completing a programming assignment?
Changing colleges for international graduate student
Is it acceptable to contribute a poster to a conference without actually attending?
Undergraduate Interviewing for Research Assistant Jobs- Tips?
Is it possible to do research in cell/molecular biology without doing experimental work myself?
Is it possible to remove an author's name after publication?
When reviewing a manuscript for the second time, is it fair to comment on aspects I did not realise the first time?
"Fake" Things that are used in Experiments
Is it common for professors to use questions from the internet on an exam?
To which point is a paper considered as a "student contribution"?
How to get a "teaching letter" when I don't want my department to know I'm looking for a job?
How to handle non-published thesis work from previous co-workers in a publication?
How can I clear myself of emotional attachment when reading reviewer feedback?
Is it allowed to ask for help in community for thesis?
Can one prevent a co-author from publishing on arXiv without consent?
Why does the director of graduate studies want me to keep my TAship, even though I obtained a scholarship of my government?
What is the reason of the disparity between single article price and yearly subscription in scientific journals?
If a college/ university made false claims on its website, should you still consider studying there?
Who gives a consent for data publication?
Back door route to top research schools?
Am I not meant to be a software developer?
What are the profiles of the individuals in charge of science policy at a university
Is it worth going to preview event for accepted students?
How to conduct IT based research in developing countries where we don't even have enough datasets for reference and analysis?
What should be the theme of a presentation in a research visit?
Not publishing an author photo on Elsevier journals
Theoretical Physics PhD. What next?
Is it acceptable for a student to hire a tutor to explain and fix homework mistakes?
How should I share (cite) my datasets and R analysis/code files in my thesis?
What is a post-print of an article or research paper, and what is it used for?
Will quitting a PhD to try an industry job severely reduce my chances of being accepted to another PhD program later?
How to deal with a student lacking commitment
How good to publish a paper in an E-Journal compared to printed journals?
Write a reminder about a possible undergraduate project
How to give crtitical feeback without sounding obnoxious?
Online master's degree in CS at the Georgia Institute of Technology
Why is research assistantship decoupled from masters/phd program?
Is it ethical to withdraw a conference long version paper after being accepted as a short paper?
Can an international PhD Student in Australia make a living with an APA scholarship and 8 hours teaching work per week?
Options other than the NSF for PhD level grants?
Ways to tell interviewers you want some time to think about your decision (Employment in Academia)
Can post-doc researchers write a recommendation letter for someone applying for a PhD program?
What should I do if I discover a paper I rejected because of methodological flaws has been published in another journal?
Second author being lead presenter on paper at a conference?
Conference with very few submissions
Offer to chair a session - how should I decide whether to accept?
How can I make my thesis supervisor be more responsive?
Etiquette: asking for postdoc position to seminar speaker
Will they send offer letter within 15th April
Is it OK to submit a poster version of an already accepted full paper to the same conference?
What should PhD students do when they are told to add authors who did not contribute to the paper (e.g., head of school, international funders)?
Dealing with an advisor who is not interested in publishing
Visualising connections between scientific papers
Can I lie about my GRE score to get a better letter of recommendation?
Is there anything a student could or should do about a professor who gives lectures so dry that less than 10% of the class turn up?
Building corpus from PubMed Central
How does closing down a department affect a PhD student?
How can I find a second supervisor?
Re-applying for the same PhD program abroad after finishing it in one's home country?
Changing field for PhD - How much do I need to know before I start talking to advisers/applying?
Name and cite specific figures/results of related work
Has a reference manager ever accidentally shared unpublished data?
What should I do, as a reviewer, if I see another reviewer suggesting the authors to cite papers not relevant to the manuscript?
Are there any guidelines for how to distribute images in a (bachelor) thesis?
What to do if a colleague is reviewing an unchanged paper that has been rejected before on my recommendation?
Can you present an image without knowing who originally created it?
Whether to take a holiday or get research experience when transitioning from masters to PhD?
'Big shot' scientist offered me collaboration in a meeting. How long before I write to him?
What is the difference between an academic department and program in US colleges/universities?
When is it appropriate to describe research as "recent"?
Is a journal that is on Beall's list but is also in Scopus a predatory journal?
Is this plagiarism? Can I publish my work
Could an undergraduate with an applied physics background get a research spot in a university lab in aerospace?
How to specify Russian (foreign) authors in the bibliography of an article in English?
Is it better to NOT have an RA, and instead be doing a TA for the first couple of years of PhD?
Personal repercussions for those who actively ignore review requests?
Why attend predatory colleges in the US?
How can we fight junk science?
Publishing in 'leftist' journals or book projects: Impact on career?
Ad hoc work detracting from PhD project
Caption for a figure reproduced from a CC-licensed document
What are the pros and cons of pursuing a professorship without a post-doc?
What can students do if a professor penalizes an entire class because one student cheated on an exam?
Can you do an AND on Google Scholar alerts?
How to present a paper via skype?
What is the backup strategy of online-only journals/repositories on the very long term?
Career progression paths for a Postdoc
Should I WX(drop) a class if the highest grade I can get is a B+? How badly would this hurt my PhD application?
How do online resources compare to resources obtained from extension programs from top ranking universities?
How would someone transition from the business sector to academic research?
Commonwealth scholarship
How to deal with the wealth of "help" available for programming assignments?
How will academic misconduct as a first year undergraduate affect graduate studies admission?
Should I participate in a contest even If I don't want the prize
How to motivate students you supervise to produce high-quality research when other graduate students in the program don't?
Did requesting more info/contacting admissions too early hurt my chances of getting in?
Printing a collection of articles in a 'proceedings' for a maths conference
Explaining an unusual undergraduate degree title
Is it feasible to become a paramedic full time and do a PhD in an unrelated field?
Funding opportunities as a guest researcher in the US
Linking to printed books on archive.org
How much does it cost the publisher to publish a book?
Having to elaborate or modify an NIH grant aim
Permission for using publicly available questionnaires in Dissertations
Stay in Institution or Move to a new institution
How hard is it to change universities after one year in a graduate program (USA, PhD in Chemistry)?
Surname change during PhD
How would the UK leaving the EU affect academia and PhD admission?
Is Master Program Rank Important for PhD Application
What are the ways to transfer from my current PhD program to another one?
Is it good for the speaker to read notes during a presentation?
Is it typical to use an uncertain affiliation within a paper?
Risk to academic reputation by publicly requesting pay-walled articles
If a reference/book authored by your professor contains typos, how should you react?
To what extent do visit weekends impact graduate school applicant's final decisions?
Is it legal to paraphrase questions taken form test prep books/service to a new audience in another country for a different exam? Do fair use apply?
Postgraduate studies - public funds?
How to interpret quality of computer science journals that charge publication fees?
What can I do to maximize my chances of getting into a CS PhD program if I switched to a CS major during my junior year?
justify the interview development, and validation or testing methods
Is it OK to go to postdocs for help?
Difference between Computer Science, Computer Engineering and Systems and information engineering master'sdegrees
How far should I help students with learning extracurricular skills?
Uncertainty in Essay Writing: How do I know I will find a good argument?
What is a strategy to do theoretical research?
I need to change PhD topics. Should I pursue one of my advisor's ideas, or one of my own?
I want to help out my Professor, how do I ask? (Humanities)
Being a co-supervisior of a branch proposed for Master thesis from my PhD thesis
How to most effectively get good at a new topic?
How to reply to a claim that a paper is "obvious" and "not interesting"?
Getting a pet during a PhD
How to ask the superviser to not mangle the manuscript?
What tools do you use in academia to jointly review a thesis?
What are the negative effects to the first author when adding coauthors?
As a student, is it appropriate to use my university's letterhead for a letter I write, to give it extra weight?
What prevents reviewers from providing biased and very negative reviews?
Do reviewers of research proposals for a fellowship read the whole application, or only the scientific part?
Is it unethical to add same environmental data such as temperature and salinity in two different papers?
How to deal when submitting an extender paper to a journal from another editorial?
How do I lift my spirits after giving a bad examination paper today?
Change title to arXiv paper
Do books need a URL when cited?
I submitted a paper five months ago. Should I wait a little bit more for a response?
Would it be impolite to ask the time of selection decision, although the information is available online?
How to retrieve number of citations for a list of papers?
To whom should the letter of motivation be addressed?
Accepted in MSc program but not invited for a visit?
Is it acceptable to ask a professor for advice regarding a subject not taught in, but related to their class?
Are faculty hiring committees overly polite on "denial" answers
What constitutes "excellent" undergraduate research
Do journals have legal copyrights to the online supplemental information?
What can be done about a professor who doesn't seem to know what they're doing?
Should you let the editor of a paper under review know when you post preprints of additional papers that build on the paper under review?
How secure is a post doc job offer in an email from the department chair prior to receiving the official written letter?
Right time to go for poster presentation and talks
Use academic degrees in thesis acknowledgments
Are sleep stations on-campus effective in promoting productivity of students?
Can I become a research psychologist by studying maths and computer science?
Are dressing habits at poster presentations influenced by implicit sexism in STEM disciplines?
Is it always bad if you continue to publish with your PhD advisor? What about the small country vs. big country bias?
Is verbatim copying of short technical phrases without quotes but with citation considered plagiarism?
Can my undergraduate research thesis be published in a scientific paper? If so, how should I go?
Wrong proof in a research paper, will the paper be rejected?
Can publications on research conducted before I started my tenure-track position count towards tenure? Do they need to have my new affiliation?
How to make transition from trade school to graduate degree?
Is it any unwritten rule, that for how long after getting PhD is it appropriate to publish with your advisor?
What are interests of a country to fund international PhD students?
Asking for a letter of recommendation from a professor who's witnessed my breakdown
Major Career Change --> Grad School Help?
How effective is ResearchGate as an academic selection and recruitment tool?
Have any academic superstars succeeded in a subject while disliking it?
Politics in forming collaborations as a postdoc
Why are the acceptance rates of Oxbridge and top US schools not comparable?
Can being a reviewer for a top journal improve my chances in PhD admissions?
Why might a paper published in a good journal no longer be available anywhere?
How does one ensure their knowledge of a field is complete when doing a literature review
How to solicit funded research projects from industry to perform while in graduate school?
Reference management tool with ability to add custom fields
Low gpa for grad school in my case
Workaround for Horrible Thesis Title on Academic CV
Using a quote to begin a new chapter in a thesis
Combining two conceptually overlapping manuscripts for publication
Which would be more beneficial when applying to theoretical physics PhD programs, Math M.S or experimental physics M.S.?
How to get funding as a third year PhD student for conferences and thesis write-up?
24 years of personal research which needs to be academically recorded but how?
Can Zotero collections be used as hierarchical tags?
Is it ok to get independent feedback before handing in thesis?
Why (what and when) do we cite?
How do I properly cite during an exam?
To what extent should a reader be required to read a paper to understand a chapter?
Professional research plattforms?
displaying mean with sem or confidence interval
PhD: Find the problem to solve or use tool to solve a problem?
Withdraw CS conference paper (after acceptance) due to authorship disputes?
Citing a source that is yet to be published in a conference proceedings
A career path for synthetic biology
How do I explain to a prof who is not happy with my actions which were simply a mistake due to miscommunication?
How serious it is not to disclose full academic history in your grad school application?
Should I say "few literature" or "little literature"?
Are college students forbidden from sharing their grades with other students?
What should I do about my previous self-plagiarism?
What are the legal ramifications of citing scientific articles for producing commercial software?
How can I know if I’m working through my PhD correctly?
Why does or did Elsevier make PDFs grey and therefore unfit for printing?
Is post-hoc hypothesis an issue?
How to handle unprofessionalism in academia?
Related follow-up paper
What are the differences between a research paper and a patent?
Who usually submits workshop proposals to conferences, and who usually pays for the workshop?
masters in Human computer interaction
PhD admissions - (undergraduate) credit/no-credit influence on acceptance
Getting Help From Adviser's Friend
Why include a table of figures?
Is repurposing money from companies easier than repurposing money from federal grants?
I signed up to present at a conference and didn't tell my advisor about it. How to handle this now?
Would a retired researcher mentor a postdoc with his/her own external funding? What about one without external funding?
Citing an ISO standard with multiple parts, using Harvard style?
Should I get a master's in math before getting econ PhD?
Is it easy to find a job in industry in a different area?
Is it possible to find faculty position at a 2-3 tier univerisity after my PhD and or Posdoc?
grid line is necessary for CS academic paper?
Prerequisites for Master's Degree in Pure Mathematics (and eventually PhD)
How to use Microsoft Word for formatting references according to ACM (and others) guidelines
Attending Summer School in US
Number of pages for a Cover-letter to apply to postdoc position
Is it rude to ask the status of an application?
How much does it cost the publisher to transform the draft of a textbook as given by the authors into a final publication (for web or print)?
Time management in PhD Math program
In general, does Texas A&M or University of Florida have a better reputation in mathematics?
What does the "final published version" refer to in copyright?
Is it ok for PhD to come from same school as BA?
How to penalize students who copy each other but don't realize they have plagiarized?
Will publishing a paper hinder graduate admissions if errors are discovered?
Green card or student visa (J1) for a post-doc in the US?
Wikileaks-like data publication for anonymous peer review
How to deal with past unintentional and unpunished plagiarism?
Can I submit the anonymous referee report from a previous submission to another journal together with my manuscript?
Doing PhD with a 'star' professor
Citing an author who changed his name
How widespread is sharing of slides/assignments among educators?
What are the advantages of top 20 universities over top 70s for CS PhD in USA?
How do you include a poster in an academic resume?
Not getting along with Spanish professor. Professor is condescending, and picks favorites. I feel I have enough evidence to do something
Moral dilemma in unwittingly being paid to complete a student's work
How much of a paper does a reviewer fact-check?
What to do with long equation-heavy solutions?
E-Mailing supervisor during Masters Thesis - How often and how much?
Computer Science master's vs PhD
Do we have a citation ethics in science?
PhD supervisor is taking really long to read my thesis
How good is the Google Scholar search Engine?
How random is the graduate admission process in the United States?
Is copying lab results a form of plagiarism?
Publishing open-source code similar to unfinished master's work
Submitting ACM Conference papers to ArXiv
Asking for a Fourth Review
Leadership Ph.D alternative
I can't access a reference of an article I am reviewing: what shall I do?
Do PhD students work alone in American universities?
How do I refer to a picture I added in my essay?
Can students bargain over admission date?
How should a student deal with personal criticisms from an assistant professor?
What are the diffrence between the quality of top 20 universities PhD programs over top 70s for USA?
How to address in the thesis that the abstract is translated by someone
If Thomson Reuters says it indexes a journal but it's not mentioned on the journal's web site, who should I trust?
How to Estimate Times for Projects in a Programming Workshop?
Applying to a top-program, but for a sub-field that program is not strong in
Do course buyouts happen in pure mathematics?
Is it possible to submit a thesis to a univeristy without having been enrolled while writing it?
Mimeo, Technical report, Manuscript: what kind of creatures are they?
What to do when you do not get an answer after 1 year
Publishing graph of unpublished work in paper
How good is phrase in letter of recommendation describing my smart but unorthodox solutions?
Alongside my book proposal, I included by mistake a chapter with some typos (just a few, but major).
Is it typical for a medical researcher to attend an industry conference?
At what point in the rankings is having a PhD from one university no different than a PhD from another (differently ranked) university?
Is it possible to get a research assistantship between undergraduate and masters degree, while not enrolled as a student?
How much does the choice of professors on my thesis committee matter?
How to ask professor to let me audit lectures at university I am not enrolled in?
What role do relevant (!) foreign languages play in grad admissions?
How best to format and position legend in line chart when legend text is long?
Does any university require reporting of misconduct at other universities?
Can a professor post a grade online and then change it?
Which is better, a paper with pedantic vocabularies or a paper easy to read?
Do conferences accept entry of those who didn't register before the deadline?
Should I cite a paper for its literature review?
How to write the literature review part of a paper when 'the perfect one' has already been written?
What should I prepare for MEXT?
Assessing supervisors?
How to turn down a MSc supervisor after we had already agreed to work together?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of rotating professors to teach subjects not in their areas?
Conference/Journal publication author's name (surname)?
Is it reasonable to start a PhD during the Master's dissertation semester?
How to quit/put on hold a PhD program due to personality clash with advisor?
In choosing between MD-PhD and PhD, how should I factor in the expected age at which I'll start my career as a professor?
Should numeration of a list of axioms be continued?
If a PhD student is bad in interpersonal communications, would he find trouble doing his PhD?
Can I still try to publish my work if my algorithm's results are not as good as other algorithms'?
How to label figures in response letter, so as to distinguish between figures in the letter and figures in the manuscript?
What are the most important get-aways from a PhD
How does one do PhD?
Sending my research proposal for a professor or offering to work on their project?
NIH F31 sponsor has not graduated students or post-docs
Expecting students to use a code base that is known to be buggy?
Head of department questionable comprehensive test decision
Admission offer deadline extension
One student grading other students' assignments in the same course?
Is it okay to use source code from another paper in thesis?
Can professors hire assistants from their own salary?
Would this work be considered a publishable cs research?
High admission rate for top graduate programs?
Emphasizing previous sales skill in finance PhD application?
Providing syllabi far in advance
Can we use a book figure/illustration in a review article and cite the source without getting permissions?
How do I get to a European university after Dutch MBO 3
Shortened IEEE citation?
Chosing a suitable Ph.D. program in Mathematics
How to review a paper that is not related to my field, when my advisor has asked me to review it for him and I can't refuse?
Cite something I overheard as personal communation
How can an author get assurance that his work will not be stolen by journal staff or reviewers?
How to react when professor wrongly corrects you in public?
Unable to complete journal paper by deadline, is this a problem?
Could a second masters hurt my PhD application because expectations will be higher?
Citing own image based on others work
List of approved Competency-Based Education schools
Do I have to pay back an Australian IPRS Scholarship, if I decide to quit my PhD?
How common is it for researchers in mathematics to have 1000 citations or more?
Does prestige of PhD granting insitution matter for those wanting to work in industry? And can a high level post doc position elevate an application?
No word on papers in IEEEXplore from IEEE conference in Sep, 2015?
How to recruit strong REU (undergrad research) students from other institutions?
How to be persistent in a polite way?
How to deal with dramatic drop in grade due to strict attendance policy
Ph.D. distinction levels
Why do some instructors care so much about attendance?
Second master's degree in another field without bachelors
Performing minor corrections in a paper after camera-ready deadline
Citing old or new papers of same work?
Why are there some really young professors and other much older lecturers without professor status?
What does it mean when a department has 'retired professors' as part of their faculty? Can I still work with them?
Applying to grad school - Need to indicate history in previous not so good school?
How to format a large diagram with many formulas that does not easily fit on an A4 page?
Could it be more productive to work independently after PhD?
How to accept a PhD offer
Are there any data repositories commonly used in conjunction with arXiv?
Do students needs to be specifically mentioned on grant proposals for projects funded by government agencies in the US?
Do Nature journals wrongly claim copyright in their published pdfs?
How to reply to an unofficial offer from my second choice when I also have an unofficial offer from my first choice?
How to publish algorithm
Is this ethical: "I like your paper and if you submit it to Journal X, I will be the reviewer"
Is it appropriate to give your supervisor an early thesis draft that has informal self-addressed notes?
How important is the writing sample for PhD application in Political Economy
How to acknowledge someone beloved in a publication for his/her support in writing the manuscript?
Software for tracking next manuscripts to submit
Why are (university-) teachers also examiners at the same time?
Poster author added me as coauthor after abstract was submitted. Can I include it on CV?
Do the top journals actually read papers?
Politely asking a teacher I don't get along with to "hurry up"
What is the proposed penalty for students that paid an essaywriting service to complete their papers for them?
What should I do if I'm on the waitlist for a PhD program?
Can I ask the author of the research paper to use his program in my research?
Should one put poster presentations on their CV in maths?
Average age to start a PhD and correlation to future career
Can a PhD student publish a paper outside PhD topic without supervisor approval only by its own?
Can theory exposition be a thesis?
Question about APS Ethics Case Study
Is it normal for the manuscript submission date to change from the original submission date to the revisions submission date?
Translating academic CV - translate names of papers/thesis?
Is there an actual, physical event associated with predatory conferences?
Relevant math courses for theoretical physics/applied mathematics?
How to manage relationship with post-doc supervisor when applying for a tenure-track position one year before post-doc ends?
How to alleviate tension when interacting with researchers at a conference from enemy countries?
How to cite in APA format for an author who uses only a first name?
Include Poster Paper in Academic CV
Why are academic institutions now looking to judge their students in multiple choice questions tests?
Can I copy an image from another paper (that I am citing)?
In which regions of the world do graduate programs typically require a GRE score?
Can a method of research used in one context be reused in a different research context?
What do researchers mean by the "priority" of an idea?
First impressions: CV or research statement?
Pros and cons of booking a hotel through the conference website versus finding your own hotel
Leave out degree on academic CV?
Dedication page in undergraduate thesis
List of publications for funding applications
Why do educators use curve to adjust the performance?
Is there a difference between a (under)graduate and honours studies - also concerning thesis?
Deadline For PhD offer while waiting for other results
The use of Wikipedia figures in a thesis?
I suspect an author of a paper I'm reading was listed improperly - what to do?
Why would manuscript status change from "awaiting reviewer decisions" to "evaluation requests sent to reviewers"?
Is it okay to send a letter of intent to attend a grad school, but withdraw if a scholarship is not provided?
What will help a master student more a Research or One extra subject?
Do I have any chance to acquire funding for a PhD after admission?
How should I prepare my first PhD interview when I do not know about the research topic?
Do graduate schools increase assistantship stipends if the student is accompanied by a spouse or dependent?
How many papers are expected a PhD student to write in order to be accepted on postdoc programs?
Breaking off a collaboration/project in science
Were any Russian diploma mills once prestigious universities?
Is it okay that my supervisor insists for me to work from my room at night?
Is application to graduate school asking for period of study, or period from beginning study to graduation date?
Affiliation on the papers extracted from the thesis
How to explain to letter writers that I want to apply to completely different PhD programs?
How do I get records proving that I was an Erasmus exchange student?
Can I get a PhD in artificial intelligence with a pure mathematics background?
What can I do if my advisor threatens to take away authorship of my undergraduate research work?
What to do during the first stages of your PhD program?
When do you expect to hear back from NSF (DMS)?
Is it common for PhD programs to require students to have a minimum number of papers to be eligible for the defense?
What's the point in hiring assistant professors instead of more experienced professors?
Papers written with the sole purpose of finding flaws in someone else's paper
What should I do when I would like to move to a new lab because my current PI is abusive?
Graduate application: Institutions that I have attended
How to pursue a DSc degree?
What is the circumstances will the Editor consider rearrangement of authors after the manuscript has been accepted?
Mentioning future work, that is now complete
Journal requests reviewers' comments from previous submission to other journals
Doing a math PhD with a great deal of student debt
Are you supposed to come up with a thesis problem on your own in math?
Should I disclose to the editor that I am reviewing a similar paper by different authors for a different journal?
How much should university ranking matter while choosing a place for graduate studies?
Shall I explain to grad school admissions that 'the first year didn't count' (UK)?
What should I do, as my submitted paper is still under review after 1 year?
Timing and length of 'author response phase'
How do you organize your academic papers?
Is it ok to write a follow-up paper for a paper which has been accepted but not available online yet?
Admitted to a masters in Cambridge - no scholarship!
PhD programme dilemma: Doing it in a good faculty with strong supervisor or weaker supervisor but more interesting project?
How should you approach your adviser and tell him that he has a communication problem
How to engage in the scientific committee of a conference?
Travel Grants for PhD student to Present Papers internationally (i.e. Korea) & nationally (i.e. USA)
How can I find out how often my publications have been cited?
How to tell my advisor that I am quitting my PhD and what to say to an employer about why I am leaving
Do Statistics PhD programs require their undergraduate / master's applicants to know measure theory?
Can a person register a conference using someone else's credit card and still get IEEE membership discount?
How to handle 2 years hiatus after PhD?
How to start abstract of previous research activities for a PhD position
How to start doing undergraduate research in mathematics when I have limited support from my professors?
Can I address my professors by their first name?
How is it possible to switch careers from undergraduate to graduate level in the US?
What does Graduate school mean: Master, PhD, or both?
How long should the background section of the literature review be for an engineering thesis?
Someone referenced my work in a journal paper using my first name only, do I contact them or the journal it was published in?
Detecting plagiarism for data sets
What algorithm does Google Scholar use to order papers in a search?
How much theory should be given in article?
Level of detail when reviewing a PhD thesis - very picky (draft) reviewer
What do polarized student evaluation results say about my teaching?
Dropping a course as a master's student
Turning down a scholarship...with the hope of getting more funding?
Is it acceptable for paid online course to use quizzes and materials from elsewhere on the internet?
Is making minor adjustments to an online tutorial for a coding assignment considered plagiarism?
How long does it take before an academic article can no longer be kept behind a paywall?
Response article to a flawed paper you reviewed
Paper recommender system
I need certain courses not covered in my undergraduate studies, can I take them at another institution?
How many graduate credit hours are generally required teach in a department?
The overwhelming silence in shy classes
How does a dropout influence one's later scientific career?
My advisor said he has to mention my mental health condition in recommendation letters. How much can he say?
Are online-only sister journals simply a way to generate revenue?
Poster orientation: Landscape or portrait (horizontal or vertical)?
Do any British universities still offer degree registration from afar to those who study alone, without tuition?
How to complete laboratory courses after building fire?
Is it acceptable to take photos of slides at a conferences for private use?
Should I ask my online PhD interview panel whether my partner can sit in?
Is it ethical/ correct to cite a confidential document/ paper (under NDA)?
Deciding about publication venue with Advisor
Is there a pre-publication access for ACM journals?
How to publish thesis as a book after getting most of the thesis published as research articles
Are professors' salaries a function of the amount of grant funding they obtain?
For how long is research considered valid for publication?
Wrong date in certificate
Is watching porn in university a crime?
Online "database" for mathematical conferences?
Offering admission and then no response!
Can my supervisor use my code in his paper without acknowledging me?
How to deal with an uncommunicative advisor?
How to deal with an unprepared professor?
My friends wanted to kick out our lecturer
Is it plagiarism to copy from the textbook and referencing properly but not using quotation marks?
Accepting and then declining PhD offer,
Can I contact graduate office regarding decision timeline (to know my application status)?
How important are recommendation letters for doctoral program admission?
Getting career advice from different people
Can a MS thesis advisor require a conference publication as a thesis acceptance requirement?
What is the difference between minor, moderate, and major revisions?
What is background check for the graduate admission processing?
Want to pursue a second PhD
'Introduction to Subject X' & Guide books : How do they influence the academic reputation?
Qualitative data but quantitative outcome; what type of research methodology is this?
An F grade (in a labor studies class) on the transcript will hurt my admission to mathematics grad school?
How to find funding for your PhD? (Canadian university)
Can you study and contribute to physics if you are a mathematician?
When writing a letter of reference, is there any reason not to show it to the student?
Possible to accept GRE score and view it, but not report it to a university?
Fair use amount in short journal articles?
Formally asking a univerity for contact information of PhD
How does a suspended student deal with an unprofessional university counselor?
What should I do if I have accepted an offer informally but am denied the job?
Reuse of article written as course assignment
Is it a bad idea to buy plane tickets before the conference schedule is announced?
How to decide contribution percentages for authors of a paper which is based on a patent?
It is plagiarism if my work is very similiar to something previously published?
Should I not hire someone who does not get along with me?
Using native language for research discussion in an English-speaking country
What is the point of a PhD thesis whose content already exists in published papers?
Strong opening and closing paragraph
What to do about accidental, easily corrected errors in a conference paper you already submitted?
How to come up with an effective undergraduate research topic - for scholarship?
Would several withdrawals (W) affect my chances at graduate school admission
I want to quit PhD after 4 months. Should I?
Sharing assignments with a potential employer
When is the best time to ask for letters of reference?
How conceivable is it to research independently while working in a non-research role in industry, to improve my profile for graduate admissions?
I have no formal qualifications but want to be an independent researcher
How beneficial is IEEE student membership for a mathematics student?
Translating a foreign degree's name?
Is it a good practise to involve a child in a statement of purpose?
Do professors work through all the homework problems they assign to students?
What to say about somewhat forgotten studies?
Developing both Applied and Theoretical Interests
My paper has been provisionally accepted, but my latest results are not as reported in the paper. What should I do?
Persistent URL for each DOI pointing to open access papers when available
is it ok to write about your poor economic condition in SOP
What is the effect of choosing the wrong topic(s) during conference paper submission?
Should I include that someone cited my dissertation as part of their master's?
How does one become a multi-disciplinary researcher?
How should I address a potential FERPA violation by a professor?
Are professors not allowed to work on what they want to work on without a grant?
Is strict adherence to a citation format really necessary in actual research?
I don't know what to say when meeting the supervisor after he has suggested me to leave the research group
Masters in US or (Masters + MPhil) in UK
How to satisfy the publisher when making an article available on a personal web page?
Transfer of credit (masters) in Germany?
Will I be penalised if my economics job market paper is coauthored with my supervisor?
How should I list my advisor's name on a talk I am giving about our joint work?
Am I less likely to get into a masters in finance or economics with a bachelors in business administration than I would with a bachelors in finance?
SOP for two programs, but in the same department?
I'm frustrated with college because I feel like I'm never given the opportunity to explore the material
Alma mater (USA) refuses to remove my name from public search
How do textbook authors and professors cook up homework/assignment questions?
Citing newspaper articles (primary vs secondary? no references)
Why is discrimination based on citizenship allowed in PhD funding in the UK?
“Areas” vs. “Themes” in the classification of a university’s topics
How to provide information about past students without violating FERPA
How do I pay for classes as a non-degree student?
Can I include images licensed CC BY-NC 4.0 in a conference paper?
PI wants to add a new author who I think doesn't deserve to be added
When publication A cites B, should I cite A or B?
What is 'Diamond' Open Access?
How to effectively balance research, teaching and project work?
Does there exist Top 50 rankings of applied math phd programs?
What can I do to convince my advisor of my ideas?
What's the impact of PhD Advisor on your faculty job?
Double check a meeting with my professor
Student taking a make-up exam sees exam she would've taken: Unethical?
How to prepare lessons as a visiting professor?
Is it okay to open up the thesis file during the defense?
arXiv daily email with better formatting
How common is it to outsource tedious research tasks to undergrads?
How do I cite a webpage with no author but a possible corporate author?
What should a student look for in an undergraduate thesis topic/supervisor?
Citation signals in numbered references
Word choice for salutation in a formal email to your PhD adviser, Is *Dear Boss* appropriate?
Do I have to do a Masters and a PhD thesis?
Can a UK research council-funded PhD change direction to fall outside the scope of the RC?
Referring a paper which is still under publication
Conference fee and travel costs for invited speaker
Method/tactic to extracting information from articles
Is it unethical to edit the text of my undergraduate thesis prior to sharing online?
Listing Research Universities (Highest research activity)
Two applications to different departments at same uni. But: One professor is affiliated with both departments
Impact of private home research in graduate application
UK: Must my PhD research related to my MPhil research?
Purpose of participating in "student doctoral programs" in conferences
Have I embarassed my supervisors by solving a problem that a PhD student in my group was working on without success?
Is there any obligation for authors of a paper to provide the dataset used in their research, upon request?
Invitation to visit a colleague's university, who usually provides support for this?
University policy of publishing student course evaluations: Prevalence and pros and cons
Cost-sharing for survey research
Should I quit my PhD?
No response from journal editors
How to refer to myself as a subject of study in a research paper?
Is there such a thing as fraud in mathematics?
Is scanning a chapter from a library book illegal?
A postdoc joining my group is interested in my experiment. How to proceed with respect to leadership on the project?
Gamification for theses and papers
Etiquette: senior and junior professors co-advising
What is the Measure of an "Incomplete" Undergraduate Thesis?
Is it a red flag for a PhD program if their graduating students cannot find postdoc?
What are the potential benefits and pitfalls of leaving tenth grade early to pursue an internship at a prominent research lab?
What should I do with award certificates?
How to handle rude and distracting fellow graduate student who sits in the same office?
How can I get my papers published formally?
How do I cite a paper that is not yet submitted for publication?
I've been admitted to multiple PhD programs, how should I choose between them?
Applying to PhD position (Scandinavia): what should be included in personal letter
Find article link by bibtex citation key
Applied vs academic future goals
What are the responsibilities of the Publication Chair of a conference?
Devastated about bachelor's thesis result - is there anything I can do?
Is there any online server to upload recommendation letters and share the link with the universities
Should I cite a statement as coming from in journal article or from the related PhD thesis?
Recommendation letter sent from non-institutional email
Transfer from a U.S. PhD program to a UK university (Good standing student and only two courses (6 credits) left to complete)
Why do most talented children still enter college after the age of 18?
Cannot present paper at conference. Instructor wants to move me to second author
Salary and Rank Discrepency: assistant profs with better records than associates in the same dept
How do judge the quality of your own PhD?
Mention religion in CV
How can you identify which are the strongest PhD programs in particular subfields?
How important is the prestige of recommendation letter writers?
How do you leverage a good transcript in PhD admissions?
Using an author's citations in a peer reviewed articles
Consequence of declining an accepted offer after the universal deadline 15th April
If I work on a project but don't do research, should I be included as an author on a paper?
Can't handle the stress while being bombarded with questions during the presentation
How common is it to work extra with one's professor after getting a M.S.?
Phd in Machine Learning from CS Dept. or from EE Dept
What to do with what I've learned when writing my research proposal?
How does funding at UK universities work?
Can we ask a journal to assign another reviewer to review our paper if we think that his/her review is not satisfactory?
Should you state multiple degree titles in your CV next to your name?
How to improve profile for graduate admissions in mathematics, when coming from a country where quality of math education is poor?
Are there risks in sharing a paper after submission and before reviews?
Should I Cite Logos?
Number of Funded PhD Positions available to applicants
MHRA: citing texts from foreign language - original in footnotes?
Writing two different books with some overlap
Math Research after undergraduate degree and before graduate school
Abstract, Preamble, Acknowledgements and Introduction all in Thesis, how to order them?
How to motivate students to do readings
How should one describe a future academic appointment
What exactly does termination from a PhD program entail?
Am I allowed to use published research in building an industry project?
How important is the choice of a guide/adviser for pursuing PhD in a topic
How can I find an expert to help review my PhD thesis?
Is there any API service to retrieve abstract of a journal article?
Publication estimated time
Visit to a different university - is it OK to bring my girlfriend along?
Is it ethical to include additional material in lecture notes if students buy them
Transferring PhD programs after leaving a PhD due to medical issues
What classes to take in undergraduate for graduate school instead of graduating early
Does publishing books help with PhD admissions?
Computer Science degree Vs. Software Development degree
What to write about in a master thesis that's mostly software applying common knowledge?
How can I know if my thesis has enough and good results for a PhD?
