How can I search for emails on an IMAP (or exchange) server?
How do I keep my contacts separate?
Do Verizon 4g phones degrade to 3g when 4g is not available?
How do you prevent pre-installed (unremoveable) Android tasks/apps from ever starting without rooting your phone?
Is it possible to create a shortcut that launches a web page in Firefox when using another browser as default?
One purchased app stuck at "Starting download..." but others download fine
How do you remove locked apps without rooting? With Android SDK?
How can I find out what devices support Skype video calling over Wi-Fi?
Is there a SMS to bluetooth router app?
Kernel HTC Hero
Is it possible to have separate user accounts in an Android tablet?
The name of the default android browser
Picture converted to very low quality while sending MMS
Is there an app or method that will let me use a cloud-synced folder on the SD card?
SD card problem, card gets suddenly removed and later added- Sony Xperia X8
Does Titanium Backup's update.zip restore all apps AND data?
Associate a file type with an application
SD card unpartitioning
Twitter app with pic.twitter.com upload
How can I get Google's two-step verification to work?
Trouble installing Cyanogen on Galaxy S II using recovery console method
Play DVDs on an android device (preferably Google TV) AS DVDs (no conversions, please)
Getting the features of HTC Sense in vanilla Android?
Update Server Connection Issue
Can I use ODIN to just back up my phone's data?
Where can find older versions of Apps?
Android phone not recognized when connected to Ubuntu, by 'adb devices'
SD Card keeps getting unmounted on my HTC Desire
Software update never worked in Samsung Galaxy S2
Will any headset work with android?
Is CyanogenMod rooting the phone?
Marketplace offers downloads in notifications but when I tap notification none are available
Is it possible to use the camera without unlocking first?
How can I force the Market to reinstall an installed app?
Titanium Backup Dropbox sync scheduling
Should apps take up any internal storage when installed to SD?
How can I set different ringtones - one for new email and one for new SMS in Nexus One?
Can I disable e-mail notification sounds streamed to a bluetooth hands-free car radio
Windows laptop works with Wi-Fi AP, phone claims it is connected but can't access Internet
How to delete gmail contacts from contacts app in Gingerbread
Does Google Talk push messages?
Is there a reliable way to detect the app responsible for an Airpush ad?
Stop bluetooth answered or outgoing call from automatically unlocking screen
Is it possible to remove the ":-)" smiley key in Swype for stock Messaging?
Text App that supports Keyboard shortcuts
Connecting Huawei Comet via USB -- shows as CDFS?
launch application by name in android phone
How can I avoid the battery charging when connected via USB?
How does Google Maps estimate my location without GPS?
Google Latitude and multiple devices - How to prevent location jumping?
Voice Actions - How do I train this app to recognize words it currently cannot recognize?
Why are playlists breeding like rabbits on my device?
Unable to restore stock OS on Nexus S
Google Voice Upgrade: Get a new number from Google or use my mobile number?
Microsoft Exchange bandwidth out of control?
How does one install an emulator onto the Playstation phone (Sony Xperia Play)?
Can't install from market: INSTALL_FAILED_DEXOPT
Does Titanium Backup work with system using Link2SD
Can Android and/or Apps handle switching an SD card temporarily?
USB drivers for using ADB with Samsung Galaxy S on CyanogenMod 7.1?
Is it possible to change the background automatically when charging battery?
Where (and how) does Android store music playlists?
How to upgrade / swap SD card without losing data and installed apps?
Is it possible to add a stopover or intermediate waypoint in Google Maps navigation?
set song as alarm tone
Save txt messages to PC?
How to monitor Wi-Fi usage?
Truecrypt on Android 2.2?
Noob confused about ROM's
How can I prevent the signal and 3G icon from turning it to white icon when my connection to Google server is lost?
Unlock problem with HTC Desire
I want to execute shell commands on my pc from my android via USB
How do I turn off the power-on sound and camera sound in a Galaxy S II?
How do I easily bookmark sites on delicious.com?
How can I download email attachments only when requested?
Albums are split by artist
How can I explore my android from my computer
Samsung Galaxy Y Hangs up when connected and tethered with USB
How can I make Dolphin open bookmarks in the current tab?
How can I log the start and stop connection with known WI-FI networks
apps missing from My Apps part of Market
Are there any apps for storing SMS online for latter viewing and searching?
Does Accelerometer Sensor work on my Samsung Galaxy S2?
making android provide notification for email with specific header
Are the custom ROMs different for different phones?
Is it possible to continue upgrading an Android device if the OEM stops supporting it?
What's the process for installing a new ROM after I've just completed one?
Linux on Android and HW support
How to prevent data extraction from rooted phone via adb?
How can I automatically reject some types of calls?
Can a phone without a gyroscope measure angles sufficiently?
How long are older versions of Android supported
Does the processor speed have any bearing on the time taken to charge?
How do I get the GPS icon to show in the status bar in CM7?
Android Contacts lost but seen in Message app
What Port Does Android Use For VPN Connections?
Can you install MIUI themes from different sites?
How can I migrate my data/apps from one Honeycomb tablet to another?
/TASKER/ Voice Command on Bluetooth Connect
How do I simulate packet loss on an Android device?
How do I move multiple app icons at the same time?
How to use Tasker to close an app when a different app gets closed
Nexus S: how can I control sites shown underneath stock browser search box?
How to check update log for apps on the phone
Part of touch screen is not working
Froyo Sound Management
How can I get push notifications for emails in sub-folders?
How do I remove duplicate contacts from Google+?
Plug physical keyboard to Samsung Galaxy SII
Just enabled 2-factor authentication for gmail, now on my Android phone I get "Sign-in error" to my google account
Droid Bionic loses all data connectivity (Wifi & 3G/4G) intermittently. Software or hardware issue?
Unable to use Market because of my own mistake
Motorola Triumph changes Volume between Songs or with Notifications
Does disabling mobile data revert from 3G to 2G?
Galaxy S2 can't plug in to laptop with usb correctly
Apps download but do not install
Is it possible to update CyanogenMod from within CyanogenMod?
Spotify/pandora timer
How does in-pocket detection work?
How to Ignore the Icons in Camera Album?
Add me feature of Galaxy S
program to resize image?
Some apps not supported on Samsung Galaxy Player
Rationalising the utility of swap in Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830
Are users always asked to accept application permissions?
Very light overlay-ish home screen
Is there a widget that allows for speed dialing?
Is it possible to record a video as avi or mp4?
Best Reading App for Personal PDFs which Remembers Last Location on an Android Tablet
how Downgrade LG optimus P500 from 2.3.3 to 2.2.2
How can I completely reset android samsung galaxy s 4g?
I have multiple Google accounts on my phone. How can I delete some of them?
How to lock Samsung Galaxy S2?
Maps Update Degraded Off-Route Traffic Display
Can't boot to Clockwork Recovery on Atrix (several methods tried)
Can't start clockwork recovery image lately
Dialer app becoming too slow and less responsive
Can I unroot my phone
Phone using mobile data instead of Wi-Fi
What is the easiest way to add a new contact to an existing Google contacts group?
How to create shortcuts to a certain subset of files
Google Calendar on Android opens to old date by default
Updates for Google Search, and Street View for Google Maps, listed but not able to be downloaded/installed
How can I turn off the 3G connection?
How can I wake up my Nexus One using trackball?
How can I display an image from a URL on a home screen?
How can I embed youtube videos so they play on my HTC Wildfire?
How do I add a new language?
why can't I scroll Wikipedia pages horizontally?
Odin. Unplugged target while flashing
What can cause the Oct 2011 OTA update of the Galaxy Tab 10.1 to fail?
How to upgrade to Android 2.2 [Samsung GT i5800]?
Every time I plug in my phone via USB it automatically mounts the SD card (Xperia Arc version)
Will android tablets from US work in the UK?
How does the GPS work on Android phones?
A calendar with powerful alerts
How can I make a 3G-324M video call?
How can I backup all of my data to a PC without rooting?
Enabling WiFi HotSpot in Google Nexus S
Is there  a way to fix the call answer delay?
Is it possible to connect a USB microphone to an Android phone or tablet?
Sudden crashes and drops in battery charge
Only first part of long text messages received
How do I find out why my phone is locking up?
Can I view the sales reports/information from Android Market of my App somewhere?
How do I restore a contact I deleted on my Android phone, but not in GMail contacts?
HTC Sensation sent screenshot to Google+ Instant Upload?
Reapplying market updates after using "uninstall updates"
What info does Google backup?
How do I troubleshoot the updgrade process of  my ASUS Transformer to 3.2.1?
Using Odin to flash a custom rom
Is there a way to view the file size of an image without downloading any apps?
Why is the connection between the Android emulator and a PC so slow?
Wi-Fi connects but can't browse
How can I charge an ASUS Transformer while connected to USB?
Nook Color - Honeycomb ROM
OpenVPN browser tunneling
Is the Eee Pad Transformer able to determine latitude and longitude?
How can I edit Office documents on an Android tablet and keep compatibility?
Voice Activation: Send Email: Recipient Name not working
Simple To-Do widget that syncs between phones
ERD and flowchart editors
What is the difference between swiftkey and swiftkey x?
How can I make the phone automatically disable mobile connection when calling?
HTML Rich Text Emails From Phone
Change Launcher without starting it
Problem with creating an ext3 partition on SD card
How to start SSH Server in my Android?
DLNA app that supports output orientation?
Can we connect external Bluetooth Dongle in Android Tablet?
I have lost All my contact on Samsung Galaxy S GT I9000
Why is my Android phone unable to detect some wireless access points?
Does the myTouch 4g Slide require a data plan?
Is it possible to connect Samsung Galaxy Ace with USB but without Kies?
Multiple update notifications from Android Market
Android internet connection related problems?
Is it possible to unlock my Samsung Galaxy 3(GT-i5801)?
Can I configure my Android Phone to block certain numbers calls?
How to unlock a Motorola Photon 4G for other carriers?
How to root my ASUS Eee Pad Transformer?
How to find how many hours an Android phone has been used?
info on firmware upgrade
Should I reset my phone and how do I back up my phone's data?
How can I set up a 6to4 tunnel (NAT traversal)?
HTML signature in Gmail app
Can I access my Android's Micro SD card through Bluetooth?
Phone starts playing podcast for no apparent reason
How do I do a completely clean installation?
How can I backup contacts on a SIM card to my computer?
HTC Sense - What Is "Current Weather"?
Video player with chapter support?
Incredible2 and Gmail notifications
How do I access my SD card through a Windows USB connection?
Phone takes a long time to boot after installing Darky 10.2.2 EE
Alerts & Reminders based on SMS content
What does FTM mean on my phone?
Is it possible to update the Android platform my phone runs on?
How can I get an .apk file to my phone?
How to recover a broken userdata.img?
Is there a way to create virtual memory?
How can I set a song as a ringtone using the newest version of the Music app?
Can I restore a Titanium backup from an Incredible to a Captivate?
How to monitor tethering bandwidth
How can I root my ZTE Score?
How do I turn off the cascade of tones that happens every time I end a call?
Share WIFI to Computer?
Does allowing Bluetooth discovery consume more power?
Samsung Galaxy 3 incoming call problem
Samsung Galaxy S disconnected during Kies firmware download
Wifi sleep policy not working
Nook Color with CyanogenMod7 is not visible via ADB over USB
Multiple Music Libraries?
How to avoid to have my carrier resend information to my G2X after losing sms over 4g after instaling a rom
VLC for Android tablets
How can I permanently disable USB debugging mode?
How to read out the data in HTC Desire SMS backup file?
Samsung Galaxy - Import contacts from sbu file
How to auto start/stop tether if wifi is unavailable/available?
How can I prevent the battery in my Nexus S from draining overnight?
Twitter & Facebook login details periodically forgotten
Accidentally cancelled update to 2.3 this morning; how do I get it back?
"Low on space" warning with over 50% free
Using other block device when conecting Android device to computer as USB storage
How can I root my Android on my Mac?
How to take a screenshot on a Kindle Fire?
How can I turn my Galaxy Tab 7" into a Kindle Fire?
Apps unavailable after upgrade to Gingerbread
What pros would upgrading to Superuser Elite bring?
List of devices with screen parameters
Getting Exchange Email Through a Cisco VPN ?
Can I recharge my Android smartphone at any USB port?
How to Remote Control Android smartphone, if not in same subnet
Low Memory issues on Droid Incredible after upgrade to Android 2.3.4
What happens to a running program when "home" button is pressed in Android phone?
Is there an official Android "Google" ROM?
How Can I Ressurect My Chat History from Google Talk on Droid?
Where do I configure DNS and IP settings in HTC Desire S?
Can't install skype on android 2.2
How to update GTalk to feature video chat?
How to disable traffic alert messages which come as flash sms from carrier?
Mobile Network not available despite full coverage
Use 3G connection on my Android in Ubuntu
Shortcut to switch profile on CyanogenMod
Web based Google Talk chat notifications sent to my device
How do I get the new "Music" section of the market to show up?
How do I reboot Samsung Galaxy S when it locks up? Is pulling battery bad?
Is it possible to use the Kindle Fire's browser in a full screen mode?
Accessing the Android Market using a US SIM card from outside US
Why does Android GMail app pop an icon for new mail when I delete a message in web GMail?
Is there an easy way to un-root Android 2.2 on Droid X rooted via z4root?
how do I use my motorala blur 3-G or internet full time when I not a wi-fi spot?
How can I install an updated version of Android on my device?
Wi-fi problem after tablet stand by
Is there a realtime Task Activity Viewer for Android?
OTA Gingerbread 2.3 update fails to install on DroidX (rooted stock Froyo 2.2.1 / unrooted back)
Is there a "hardware reset" for the Galaxy S?
EeePad Transformer ADB problems with drivers on Windows7 x64
How can I boot my Epic 4G Touch into CWM?
Restrictions of a Kindle Fire in Canada?
Why are some apps on the market incompatible with my device?
Why is my Android fetching http://xtra3.gpsonextra.net/xtra.bin upon start?
If I flash my ROM or wipe my device after buying an app, will I have to buy it again?
Lost huge internal memory while debugging application on device
The last App update keeps downloading after reboot
Can I use an Android OS card on the new Nook Tablet?
Is there a way to transmit all sound over wifi from my tablet to my pc?
Flashing Android Source - Droid X
Quickly switch input methods (swype->other)
Where are the settings for stock swype?
Where is this Twitter App hiding?
How to make Google Maps Navigation show forward as up?
Why is the SSH server not working on Android 4, are the ports being blocked?
Samsung Galaxy S2 - sound notification does not always work
How can I update the Market app on my device?
Why are my SMS messages being sent automatically?
How can I recover a deleted file on Android?
Why does controlling CPU frequency require root access?
Google Calendar is installed, How do I open it?
Get rid of duplicate songs on phone when using Google Music
How to fix Sync Browser not working on ICS
Better way to connect Galaxy Nexus (ICS) to Linux
Galaxy S II GT-I9100G USB connectivity problem
Is it possible to delete my Facebook account and not lose the info synced to my Evo?
com.android.phone force closes constantly after a clean install of CM7.1 in SGS1
Samsung Epic Touch 4G - ROM Listing
How can I copy files onto an SD card with a Honeycomb tablet?
Alternative way of setting the debug mode
Problems with SetCPU on Sidekick 4G
How can I make the notification lights flash occasionally instead of staying on constantly?
Will android market work (update app) after I install a new mod in my phone
Samsung galaxy tab upgrade with android 3.0 honeycomb
Can I remove the "USB Configuration\KIES\UMS" splash-screen?
Sync contacts to more than one google accounts
HTC Thunderbolt Killing the home app?
Apps' update status in Market app not always reliable?
Package Install via Market sometimes fails and gives seemingly random error message
Restoring HTC EVO 4G to stock
How can I play an .flv file on Android 2.1?
How to work bluetooth with asus eeepad?
Can I install applications onto sd card with Android 2.1?
Configuring DHCP client on my android board
Can I safely uninstall Flash and Facebook apps?
Always seeing "No connection: Retry" in Android Market
Has anyone determined why the Droid X with Gingerbread turns itself back on?
How to make sure I have no sms virus?
All non stock apps are crashing
Remove all contacts in phone that don't have a phone number
To enable mobile broadband in ZTE Light
Disable Pairwise Master Key Caching
Some questions about Thinkpad Tablet
Touchpal keyboard keeps disabling itself on HTC Desire
How to remove TouchWiz and revert to a vanilla Android UI?
How to enable USB tethering on your Android phone to Mac OS X Lion
How can I restore the display of the battery status on the lockscreen?
Android 2.3 set call volume
Samsung Captivate AT&T OTA Update Stuck at 99%
Could someone confirm the status of Google Gtalk App on Android?
After updating to Android 2.3, the radio keeps running in the background
How does Android chooses among multiple access points?
SD card directory is "split" on new phone
How to transfer text messages from iPhone to Android with iOS 5?
Samsung Galaxy S GT-I9000 froze during firmware upgrade
volume rocker as next/previous song
What does locking an SMS message do?
Mobile Network goes off often in my Galaxy s2
Encryption of offline mail, calendar, contacts data on Android
How to connect USB CD/DVD-rom to my Asus Eee transformer?
Gmail app - cancel notification but see number of unread
How can I install google talk with video call support on CM7.1?
Why can't I overclock a rooted Samsung Galaxy GT-I7500 beyond the default maximum 528MHz?
Haptic feedback turns on only when I insert the jack... why?
Samsung Galaxy S plus is becoming unresponsive when locked
How can I set notifications for gmail on the new version of the gmail app (2.3.5.2)
I have full service but all my messages refuse to send?
Loop device possible on Android 2.1 Hero?
French QWERTY keyboard for Nexus S
What options exist when the vendor does not supply an ADB driver for an Android device?
How to force Gmail/Android to request password every time for google account
Enabling logcat in a ROM that has it disabled
My HTC Desire HD has been stolen. What data can still be accessed by the thief?
Is it possible to be connected to two different bluetooth devices at the same time?
How do I lock my HTC whenever I want?
How to install Android Market on HCL ME X1 tablet?
US Lenovo Thinkpad Tablet in India - mobile data
Kies: Firmware can not be upgraded?
Forward MMS via EMail
How do I turn off my phone?
How can I make 1Password for Android log in with the built in browser?
iOS on Android devices
How can I turn off Notification Sounds and leave phone sounds on
android.process.acore has stopped unexpectedly
Where does Google Music store offline songs?
Can't sync my new Nexus S to Google Calendar
Android App to read current time out loud?
Application ROM Manager is uninstalled, but market wants to update it every day
Downloading a .ics file from a url without opening the browser?
How can I save a file rather than open it?
Is Android based upon Linux?
Huawei ideos s7 slim Honeycomb update - is it possible somehow?
Failed to update HTC Desire S to latest firmware with Android 2.3.5
What is USB debugging? Can I keep it ON forever?
Create a custom keyboard dictionary
Are Exchange server policies permanent?
Upgrading Galaxy i7500 to OS 2.x
Galaxy Nexus, playlists not showing up in other apps
Android 2.2 Galaxy S SGH-T959 kernel update with netfilter
Connecting Android to Windows 7 fails
How can I get Google Maps on Android to show metric units?
Is there a way to save pop up alerts?
Blocking a call without the calling party knowing it
Android display to TV?
How can I  upgrade my device without going through my carrier?
How can I change a QWERTY keyboard layout to AZERTY without changing the phone language?
Change default IMAP folders
Minimum volume is too high with headphones
Sound Amplifier for Android
How do I tell if my phone has Carrier IQ Software on it?
Using windows drivers for an air quality USB device
How do I protect my phone from malicious apps once it is rooted?
Wireless tethering between two Android devices
Blank Circle name in Google+
Google Nexus S USB Drivers for Windows 7 64Bit
Alternative for Kies
Show IP and connection info in Minimalistic Text
How to get vi or vi like editor on an android Samsung galaxy tablet
Is HTC IQAgent a version of Carrier IQ?
Android losing BT headset password
How can I root my Samsung Infuse 4G (AT&T)?
How exactly does "root" work? Do all applications run as root on my phone after rooting?
why does the xoom dock connect the USB port?
How do I block packet data for background programs?
Automatically install new applications on SD card
I'm not able to access a certain intranet site
Is there a 1-click method to do this 3-4 click task?
Reverse Tethering won't work for me - is it because my phone isn't rooted?
List of Android devices with their current version APIs
ZTE Blade can't maintain a wifi connection
Encrypting SMS and calls
Update text files on Android and sync to Dropbox
Samsung Galaxy S2 support for Android 4.0, Ice Cream Sandwich
Android Market not showing full list of app updates
Factory data reset is not complete
Is there a Palm OS-style launcher (placing apps in categories)?
Remove google accounts from Android Market
connect android phone to internet
Bluetooth: A2DP stopped working
Is there a way to allow certain numbers to be called from a locked phone?
What are the steps for rooting an Android device, in general?
How to set special ringtone for all foreign numbers?
text editor that starts out in view mode?
Video player with ability to set SW/HW for Audio and Video separately
Droid x on Liberty 3 v 2: How can I restore contacts with titanium backup after flashing?
USB connection problem with Galaxy Ace
Shared contacts list
Blocking access to a website
How to add a pin / marker in Google Maps?
Any android app capable of storing "unsent tweet" then send it out when internet connection is resumed?
ADB do not recognize a Tegra Based Tablet
Device upgrade issue via Samsung Kies
How to download apps without a wireless data plan
Turn off volume button notification sound in Galaxy S2
I have used a GB of data in less than 24 hours, how is this possible
Calendar Event Location: Diallable Conference call number with host/participant code
3.2 update causes strange swype problem
What's the standard font called that comes on droid x running 2.3?
Same Apps for multiple tablets
Remove google-account from older smartphone
Application that is able to resume failed download
Google cache links in search results
How do I get my stock ringtones back?
Samsung galaxy i9000 switching off on its own like a gazillion times a day
How to avoid email/gtalk notifications when logged in in both, PC and Mobile?
Facebook mobile for Droid unable to delete friends
GMail - notify until read?
Change name of shortcut icon?
Todo app that syncs with Google Tasks and has notification badges?
How to back up the address book?
Gameloft Game Graphics problem
Password sync with Chrome
Disadvantages of CyanogenMod
How do I configure which programs autostart when connecting to the internet?
How do you save a contact onto the home screen?
Sync without gmail playing big brother?
Sync Android contacts to Gmail
What does "discover known accounts" permission mean?
How can I buy an app that isn't supported on my (current) device?
Double click word doesn't select it
How can I run a java app on my Pandigital Planet tablet?
Will installing cyanogenmod7 on my Samsung Vibrant require me to wipe my phone first?
Motorola Droid 3 many random reboots
WebM playback faulty on Android 2.3.6
Samsung Galaxy S2 hangs/freezes sometime
PIN reset for purchases on Market
Root Nexus One without wiping?
Improving performance of HTC Magic
3G Connection Not Working on Samsung Galaxy S2
Internet access from my Samsung G II through my office PC network via USB?
How can I modify the phone model in build.prop to get unsupported apps?
Does a carrier know I am tethering via Wifi Hotspot?
Android Google map to provide alternative route
Video recording asus transformer
How can I listen to free online music while performing other tasks on my device?
Receiving "Message board service started" randomly
Is it possible to view detailed GSM information on my Android phone?
Spica i5700: How to downgrade from froyo 2.2 to eclair 2.1
Acer Iconia Tab A500 - Rooting & Honeycomb 3.2
Can I purchase apps from Android Market without installing them?
Can the buying process from the Market be made more secure?
How to disable virtual keyboard when in landscape mode?
Samsung Galaxy S2 Problems - Possibly Hardware Related?
Are they any browsers without double-tap zoom feature?
Does any version of Android support ad-hoc connections?
Possibility of monitoring internet traffic in case where galaxy tab is used as a mobile access point?
Does any version of Android support smb natively?
Why do all my MMSes show up as videos?
What does FOTA mean
What parts of the regular Linux graphics driver architecture is used in Android?
How do I re-install the system app "Google Talk"?
How to sync android market account if I have the app but the market isn't in my add account?
Map internal Wi-Fi strength?
Securing a young child's tablet
How can I install a CA cert on my Samsung Nexus?
Facebook Android - Too Many Server Redirects Error
Reboot device without ask for the PIN again
Problems with downloading apps
Home, Back, Menu, Search buttons not working
downloading 'boot.img' while using fastboot to copy ra recovery
Is there a way to share my mobile screen with another Android phone like Netmeeting or Live Meeting?
Is it possible to free up phone storage while keeping HTC Sense?
Looking for a network monitor that can enumerate outbound connections
Are there any switchboard applications?
samsung Galaxy s firmware
Settings -> About phone -> Battery use bug?
Streaming a movie from Windows (Media Center??) to A500
Saving a bookmark in Firefox?
How to remove saved email addresses from dropdown To: menu?
Change the location of on screen buttons bar
How can I link my contacts?
How do I get a gmail account on my HTC Cha Cha?
adb doesn't detect my Defy (Motorola MB525) after I call adb kill-server (rageagainstthecage exploit). Any ideas?
Why does my phone come up with a multimedia message sometimes when I am sending a message
How can I reset auto-complete dictionary for my Sony Ericsson Xperia mini pro?
How does an android compass application work?
What is "PMEasyView"?
How to plug in an  Android Tablet and show it's screen on PC or Laptop for training session?
Terminal "Permission Denied" - Need more info on error message
Prevent phone from automatically lowering media volume
How to set the default dialer?
Android external keyboard layout switch
How to force the locale/language of a specific app?
How to add wallpapers to Kindle Fire?
How to turn on load external Javascript on the Galaxy Nexus?
How do I remove a review I've written from the Android Market app?
Android Market cannot be opened and cannot download any applications
Use android phone with broken screen as WiFi camera
Why doesn't Samsung Kies show an update for my Galaxy Ace?
Guide to editing /etc/hosts
Can my friend's Android phone impersonate the starship Enterprise?
Does Android support the Exchange ActiveSync policy "Encrypt storage card"?
Use my device as laser pointer
How to stream videos I own to an android device?
Connect camera to the Android phone via cable
How does one disable the media scanner? (obviously on a rooted device)
Answer my phone on my Tablet?
Saving a PDF file downloaded from browser
How do I factory reset when my Sprint LG phone that won't boot?
Is allowing an OTA to install after rooting a good idea?
Manual Update: Exclude a certain apps from notifications
'Clock' app does not show up in Running Applications
How can I install CyanogenMod on my HTC Magic?
Can I delete the log files on my device?
How can I add a search button to my dock on a Galaxy Nexus?
Activate voice recognition with keyword
Where on the file system are SMS messages stored?
Asus EEE Transformer never gets a GPS fix unless I reboot it
How can I stop my sent emails from containing raw HTML?
Applications keep restarting
Can't connect Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830 to PC after root
Missing "left screen" in my SGS1 . How can it be added?
How to access the internal ringtone folder on rooted 2.2?
Remove contacts from synced Exchange account, without removing them from the server
Sync My Calendar with Outlook/Exchange 2010 using Kies messes up dates on Galaxy S II
What is the process for reformatting SD Card without breaking the current applications on my HTC Incredible?
why do I have to move my apps manually to the SD card to free up space?
How can I prevent long SMS messages from auto-converting to MMS?
Why do some games ask for calling/SMS permissions?
How to update rooted HTC Incredible
Will I be able to make video calls over Skype with ACME Tablet TB01?
Freeing up space on SD card
SD Card partition named differently on different devices - breaks music player
Can I force move to sd card applications that don't want to be moved there?
Froyo Proxy settings
Are Android OS updates region specific?
Will Droid Bionic with Extended Battery Fit Inside the Otterbox Defender Case?
How can I sync all folders from an Exchange server (not just the Inbox)?
Will a UK Android telephone work in Japan?
How can I disable the Android Market temporarily?
Problems searching and joining network with Nexus One
"USB Storage damaged. It may need reformatting" error message in status bar
Alternatives to Smart Actions for non-Motorola devices?
Sending sms from tablet not allowed or not possible?
Walking between Wi-Fi access points causes network to be disabled
Sync Hotmail with Android so it recognize read status
Can I set up Wi-Fi and USB tethering on the Galaxy Nexus without rooting it?
Why does phone reset to Gingerbread instead of the version of Android that came with the OS when it was purchased?
How can I have 'Next homescreen' and 'Previous homescreen' buttons in ADW EX on the dockbar like LauncherPro?
How can I configure my phone to show random background wallpapers from my pictures galery?
How do I unlock the bootloader on the Samsung Galaxy Nexus?
Does rooting Kindle Fire disable your default Kindle Fire functionality?
Phone will not vibrate for incoming text messages
My Droid phone won't sync my email subfolders automatically
Is there a widget available that duplicates the Launcher Pro Calendar Agenda widget?
I don't know what my credential storage password is. Can anybody help?
How to root my new Galaxy SII
fastboot flash recovery doesn't work on HTC Desire
Is it reasonably safe to use PIN code for encryption?
How do I change the desktop icon created from a website bookmark?
Split Bluetooth Music Playback and Phone capabilities?
Deleting contacts in bulk - Ice cream sandwich
Is there a way to perceive vibrations more effectively when device rings?
How can I add a reminder to a calendar event at a specific date and time?
Kindle Fire Not Recognized when plugged into PC
Why does Samsung Kies say that my device does not support software upgrading via kies?
Transfer emails from Thunderbird on PC to  Asus Transformer email app
Programming IDE on Transformer
Stop applications that are unnecessary
Is there a way to resume music after finishing a call
Is there a service that rates app security/permissions?
How to import contacts from  Samsung Omnia II i8000?
Problem with wi-fi after updating Nexus S to Android 4
How to change a default application in Ice Cream Sandwich?
Hide the Favorites Tray from a specific home screen
Can I download Android apps to a computer and then transfer to my phone
Notification Vibration Bug on Galaxy Nexus?
eBooks from Amazon Market or from Android Market?
Workaround needed: Buying an application for someone else in the Android Market
Where can I find a 2.3.6 stock ROM for Nexus S (i9020)?
Battery level on Asus eee pad Transformer with dock
Reinstalling apps after replacing an SD card
Can I buy the Samsung official extended battery for the UK Galaxy Nexus?
Changing end-of-list animation in MIUI
Where can I find stock or custom ROMs for my Android device?
Use existing contact for "Me" in Ice Cream Sandwich
Where did the wifi sleep policy go in ICS?
No face unlock for the Nexus S?
Delete individual call log
Taking a screenshot in ICS without rooting
How to install custom stable ICS rom on galaxy S2 (rar file)?
How to decide whether a system update should be installed?
How do I set custom search engines in Android?
Tethering HC3.2 with Windows Mobile
How can I install Skype on my Acme tablet?
Why can't I download anything from the Market after CSC change?
How to get more information about Android random restarts
What's the difference between calendar reminder types "alert" and "status bar notification"?
Help controlling the cursor in swype?
Wi-Fi icon next to apps in android market
Where can I get Android Market App for my Tablet?
Galaxy Tab 7" - can I install the original Android? any version would do
Ringtones directory won't update in settings
How can I prevent my music apps from launching and playing on their own?
Undo Android 4.0 (aka Ice Cream Sandwich) Full Disk Encryption
Spam alerts in notification bar
How to access a linux shell from my phone via bluetooth?
HTC STATUS-INTERNAL MEMORY LOW EVEN WITH SD-CARD?
Boot looping / Corrupted data partition, CWM crashes when restoring to factory defaults
Is there anyway to bypass the Geo-IP restriction when trying to stream movies outside US?
Any way to set profile pic using FB  for Android App (1.8.1 on ICS)?
Why doesn't the Gmail app delete my e-mails permanently?
How can I build the TextSecure app from source code?
Contact sorting in ICS? (Galaxy S alpha version)
How can I securely store my private key I use for logging into my home PC
Terminal emulator's ssh trying to read /data/.ssh instead of $HOME/.ssh
Can you get MAC drivers for Huawei U8180?
How to utilize those Market QR codes?
Adding an extra mailaccount in Android (manual setup disabled)
What build of ICS do I need for Nexus S baseband I9020XXKF1
WiFi on my Nexus S no longer works after update to ICS - How can I troubleshoot or fix this?
Dropbox not installed, but there is log activity in /data/system/dropbox?
ICS: any way to restore the "combined view" email notification I had on Gingerbread?
ICS: how to get to browser home page?
Nexus S: slow, jerky web browser scrolling in ICS (compared to Gingerbread)
New battery - any special treatment required?
Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS) - Encryption, select different PIN than Screen Lock
Is there a way to print from an Android tablet (preferably without a PC/cloud)?
Swype for Kindle Fire?
Can an android app cause my phone to reboot?
How can I edit a movie with Movie Studio?
Do I have to download the movie again, if I rented it and it expired?
Missing mp3 files on SD card
What kinds of memory does an Android device have?
Sudden loss of contacts on my Samsung Galaxy S - running Gingerbread
Ubuntu one app: how can I sync a text file edited on my android device with ubuntu one?
"You don't have enough free space remaining in your phone's storage"
How can I make my Samsung Galaxy Nexus volume go louder than what stock allows?
How to edit the "ME" contact?
How to tether lg optimus v without rooting
Galaxy S2 launcher repeatedly crashes and reboots phone following software update 20/12/2011
How can I get the Android Market installed on my Kindle Fire?
Does Android put wifi and other data networks to sleep when the display is turned off?
What's next if Super One Click fails?
How can I watch movies offline on my Android tablet?
Why do I always lose this file?
How do I pass signal strength info from a phone to a tethered tablet?
Android Account types missing google
In which directory are Android updates downloaded?
How do i remove double notifications? Galaxy s 2
How can I find out what causes "Android OS" to consume battery?
How do you remove flash from Galaxy Tab 10.1?
Titanium Backup Locks Up When Trying To Restore System Upates (com.samsung.apk)
Do I need a complicated root? Why? How (Samsung GT-S5660)
Unlocking bootloader on Sony Ericsson NEO V
Having trouble with voice command to navigate to contact address
Android Deep Sleep
How do I switch my Android device's SD card without causing problems?
How can I insert a customized emoticon in SMS? Galaxy S2
Is there a way to set app-specific volume?
Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus will not enter recovery mode
Transferring contacts, calendars and applications from one device to another
Is there a calendar that I can sync with my phone, without using Google?
Any "must read" docs for Linux-head buying an Android device?
Movie or Video of mobile web application for demo
Screen brightness too high on auto mode when in the dark room
Is there a web browser+Java plugin available for Android?
Real time events show up with a 4 minute delay
How do I disable background data in Ice Cream Sandwich?
Android 2.3.3 on Kindle Fire - lost internet conectivity after modifing /etc/permisions/platform.xml - FIX?
Can I transfer my Thunderbird Lightning Calendar from home computer to my Android phone
Is there any free (not trial) software by which we can run android on windows xp PC?
How to add/delete languages from android phone?
Why is sound on my Android suddenly increasing?
Cleaning the screen of a tablet safely
Free movies on Youtube on Android
What's in an update?
Samsung Galaxy Mini GT-S5570 Gets disconnect during firmware upgrade via kies
Can I store contacts on my SD card? How?
How can I install vanilla Android on the Kindle Fire?
Is it possible to get multi-user support on Android with help from the boot manager?
Windows 7 complains that Nexus S driver is missing
Asus Transformer video playback
Note taking app with a hand guard/hand recognition feature?
Phone keeps downloading data with no user activity, where's the leak?
Install custom ROM from Linux on a LG GT540
How to take a screen shot of my text messges?
How can I fix Error -101 in the Market?
Using Multiple Devices With the Play Store
DCS Service on HTC Desire Z
Where does "battery usage" app collect its data from?
External SD card now says "SD card blank or has unsupported file system"
Launcher without home screen?
Are PIN lock and lock screen widgets incompatible in ICS?
How can I distinguish important calls?
Do all android phones have to reload their home screen?
Modify framwork-res with same signature?
Android Desk Phone Tablet
revert back to android 2.1 in samsung galaxy 5 aka europa from cyanogenmod 7 gingerbread 2.3
How do I use my front facing camera on my Galaxy S?
Android crashes after update unless I put another memory card
Tools for using connected phone via PC/Headset
Does Android 4.0 (ICS) support Kannada Font?
How can I add a calender to my Android tablet?
Save more then 200 SMS per contact on 2.3?
What I have to do to connect my android smartphone (Galaxy Ace S5830) to home wifi wpa2?
How do I increase the log size of dev/log/main?
Save merged contacts information
Samsung Galaxy 7" (GT-P6210) USB debugging is not detecting in Linux?
Delete programs pre-installed on Samsung Galaxy 551
Why isn't the name of my device changing?
Samsung galaxy phones shuts down automatically
Why can't I get s=ON on my MyTouch 4g?
Video-out solution for an analog input
How do I root my Kindle Fire?
How to root a HTC Desire running official Android 2.3?
Officially rooted HTC, denies su permission in Android Emulator app
How can I download an MP3 to my phone instead of opening it in a music player?
Phone reboots when I navigate past Falkirk
Backing up everything on my kindle fire with ubuntu before installing firefirefire, can't get past Hellions with blue flames when rooting
Desire HD Official Sense 3 update: Slate skin
Motorola Milestone is constantly firing touch events
HTC Droid Incredible 2 Imei Location
Are there any distributed-computing Apps for Android?
One-click full backup & dropbox sync in Titanium Backup?
Where is debugging mode on Kindle Fire?
How to update all your apps from the Android market over web?
Privacy level with an anonymous account?
How can I get the Android app store on the kindle fire?
Phone Shuts Down, Apps Force Close Since New SD Card
How can I know if my Android Tablet supports Wi-Fi N?
Unlocking HTC HD2 and installing Android
I want to use market place on my cheap tablet
How to change the (permanent) MAC address on my android phone?
Unable to mount Galaxy S2 on Debian Squeeze laptop as storage device
Can Google Docs for Android work Offline?
ROM/MOD for pure Android experience
How to install Cyanogenmod on Huawei IDEOS U8150?
How can I prevent the Google+ app from showing the wrong thumbnail before I share a photo?
Superuser not prompting
Changing contact to canonical form (adding + country_code)
Open source flashlight app?
Using Amazon Instant Video from Amazon Prime on Non-Kindle device
ADB status offline when trying to root Kindle Fire
How can I remove the battery from my Samsung P1000?
Accidently wiped out all data. Now I can't restore it.
Stream music on Android to Desktop speakers
Is is possible two tablets of the same model has different functionalities?
Android has a MIDI synthesizer?
Recovery Mode Fails on Samsung Galaxy i7500L
Default browser doesn't play embedded music from a website
File from Ubuntu to phone?
Reset capital letter in SMS
Erasing SD Card contents and personal data
Secure keyboard application from android market
Force GPU rendering in ICS. How does this affect system performance?
Why GPS tags are lost after saving images to PC with KIES?
KiesPDLR has stopped working
Galaxy S2 not recognized by computer
Sync issues Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 on MS Exchange mail account
Is there a real time wifi traffic analyzer for Android?
Activating swap at boot with an init.d script?
How to unroot HTC Droid Incredible rooted to Unrevoked?
Using Moto Droid Car Charger with Samsung Galaxy Nexus
Where can I find a thorough introduction to Android?
Why does an app read my phone's IMEI number? An awful lot of them do
Android default browser crashes on accessing specific page (no error message)
How can I tell that my phone uses the Wi-Fi connection for data traffic?
What's a good "if found" wallpaper for Android?
Nexus S 'flashes' screen when locking
What is HuaweiOnlineUpdataService?
How can I take a screenshot of a specific portion of my screen?
Accounts inexplicably removed from "Accounts & sync"
How do I stop the 3g/4g radio from turning off?
Android Facebook, no chat
Google Mail missing in Cyanogenmod (gApps)?
How can I set my external keyboard to use a Dvorak layout?
Incredible 2 Sync Problem
Can I hide the time on the Cyanogenmod 7 Lockscreen?
how do you delete specific contacts in ICS?
Locking SDHC Memory card on Samsung Galaxy 2
How to place Apps on "Home Bar" for Logitech Revue Google-TV?
Is there a way to update the Flash player for Google-TV on Logitech Revue?
Is there an alternative DLNA player for Logitech Revue under Google-TV?
Symlink: operation not permitted
reduce memory usage of "Internet" and "contacts"
How can I extract messages from .sbf file
How do I connect LG P500 to Mac OS X Lion?
Pandigital SuperNova 1080p Output?
Can't open Market application after updating my Samsung Galaxy Tab
How to turn Android tablet into network photo frame?
Stock ICS email app refusing to auto-update or notifications
Android "Tethered" update mechanism
Images are getting deleted from "camera shots" once sent in a text message
What is the best way to get pictures on your contacts with ICS (Galaxy Nexus)?
Uninstall Stock Apps on Motorola Droid!
Enable the Android market on a kobo vox
What are the differences between a system app and user app?
Huawei Sonic u8650, I'm building custome ROM, need help with list of apps I can remove
How do I silence incoming call and text message ringtone without hanging up in the Galaxy Nexus?
LG Optimus Slider for tethering Kindle Fire
How can I root my Motorola Fire XT316?
Samsung Galaxy Ace wont charge
Link2sd not working properly
How to install not-supporting-out-of-the-box 3G modems on Android 2.2
Sync between two Android devices without Internet connection
Does motorola milestone work in these rangers
Screen colour when sliding
Reverse tethering hangs at netcfg (Cyanogen + Linux)
Prevent alert tone when scanning / identifying an NFC intent
How do I sideload apps from the Amazon AppStore?
Can I download whole folders in Dropbox app?
How can I detect Malware and/or viruses?
AirPlay like app for the Video-out on Galaxy Nexus
Does Google publish search trends for the Android market?
Radio without the headset
Disable camera completely
Sync contacts with ubuntuone?
Does Android 4.0 support WPA2 Enterprise?
HTC Incredible - always on soft button lights when screen is on
cloud bookmarking app or method working with del.ic.ious/gmarks?
Screen-casting/screen-capturing the camera view (appears black)
If I do factory reset, set a different primary account, will I lose all the apps I already downloaded?
Is it possible to stream a tablet screen to desktop via bluetooth to a PC?
Galaxy Nexus Suddenly restarts
Angry birds loads, plays, but does not save
How can I make wifi automatically go on when my G1 boots up
Browser pauses a long time before starting to load a page
When should I use the SD card to store data?
How do I remove the search bar?
How can I type special symbols on my Android device like ☺ or ♥ as a regular character?
Resistive Screen Zooming Option for PDF files
Is there a way to list the local dns cache?
"device isn't compatible with this item" - why?
Recovering from forgotten lock pattern
Offline map app capable of using Garmin Custom Maps / KMZ?
Call settings missing in settings after updating to Ice Cream Sandwich
My Device Keeps Rebooting (LogCat attached)
How can I unlock my Samsung Galaxy Ace?
Galaxy Tab 10.1 on windows xp 64bit
How to sync with iTunes acting as an iPOD
Unable to install any application on my android phone
How to sync contacts with Outlook, WITHOUT Exchange?
Should i do the factory reset? If yes, what will i lose?
Bind one directory to another
IMAP email is always delayed
My Epic Touch 4G can only boot into Odin mode
How to solve "insufficent space on the device" error on Samsung Captivate
SGS2 2.3.3 active sync email stopped syncing mails
How can I access the internal phone storage via ClockworkMod recovery?
Disable syncing of contact that belongs to multiple groups
Is the Google TV platform Free?
How can I access my Google Reader entries offline?
My HTC Desire HD crashes when picking up a call. Any ideas how to resolve the problem?
When is a free app removed from your google account?
Endless loading for emulator on low-end netbook
Android Market: Comments not consistent
How can I root my Nexus S?
Is there a PDF reader app for the Kindle Fire with Dropbox syncing?
Link2sd gives "Mount script error"
Samsung GT-i9000 (Galaxy S), Android 2.3.6, MTP and Linux
GPS tracker than can send locations to TCP server
Kindle Fire: Google Services Framework
How can I do development on my Android device?
How do I press "Up" if I do not have an "Up" button?
Is there a way to estimate building movements?
Why is my HTC Incredible's WiFi so slow?
How do I start/join a G+ Hangout?
Why does Google+ Messenger deliver messages with long delays?
difference between ninesky and ninesky cn
Sub keys always lit
How can I get the Amazon Appstore to stop re-installing applications?
How can I purchase apps from the Amazon Appstore without downloading them?
Galaxy Nexus randomly shut downs while streaming music with Pandora- how do I fix this?
How do I check tcp packets when they were blocked by droidwall?
How to prevent adb shell from exiting upon Ctrl+C
How do I root a Huawei X3?
Where did the internal space go on my HTC Desire?
How to use Wifi re-installation code?
How do I root the Dell Streak 5?
How can I unlock and configure my Nexus One without a SIM card?
Can I safely remove "Android keyboard" if I have installed an alternative keyboard application?
Lots of "Input/output error" after connecting Samsung Galaxy S2 via USB
Prevent overheating when tethering
How do I copy/move contacts from phone to my exchange account?
How to make a screenshot with Android 2.3.5?
GPS not working on Galaxy S II
How do I save sms messages e.g. to SIM?
Is there a task widget that only shows todays tasks?
How to disable or remove Gmail account from my Android
Devanagari typing
How is Anker battery for Android phones?
How to disable SMS preview displayed over a locked screen?
Can the default browser be upgraded without upgrading the whole OS?
Sharing computer internet connection with LG - P990 (Optimus 2x)
Is this red star icon malware? How to get rid of it?
How to use volume keys for scrolling? (everywhere)
How to know if an app is ICS compatible?
How to prevent shutdown when low battery?
Is there an Android phone without proprietary code?
How can I root the Galaxy Tab 10.1?
Multiple gmails in Android phone?
Customize Android 4.0 (ICS) Bluetooth HID
Do favorite Dropbox photos automatically download to my Android?
What does it mean the "WIFI" label on the market?
Samsung Galaxy S heat up a lot, getting restarted and slow start up time
How to identify the latest version of brut map
Looking for application that captures name-card and sync with google contact?
Charging the Asus Transformer (Prime)
How to add Chinese Input Method to English Android 2.2 Phone
Which kernel versions does the udev exploit work?
Can I set the minimum brightness of auto-brightness?
Will upgrading my Unlocked, Rooted (fastboot + superboot method) Galaxy Nexus from 4.0.1 to 4.0.2 brick the phone?
How can I switch the weather layout in Beautiful Widgets from clock/current conditions mode to forecast mode?
How do I change the default search app in MIUI?
How can I find out which app is putting ads in my notification bar?
Get iPhone contacts into Gmail
Android - “SIM card doesn't allow a connection to this network” ERROR
What to check when buying a used device
Android-adapted BusyBox binary for rooted phone
How can I root my HTC Incredible S?
A non-cloud local calendar for Android?
How to exclude a program from being presented as program to update
ROM Toolbox claims backups are blocked; how can I work around this?
How to create a symlink after I rooted my Samsung galaxy w GT-i8150?
Contact images cropped and downsampled when syncing with google contacts
Have I erased my songs? Samsung galaxy S2
Rooted phone - sending SMS message via command line
Reply to an SMS and send it to someone else
Why are Android games so much smaller than iPhone games?
How can I get Tasker to set my Google Chat Status?
Is there music player that supports both AAC and MIDI files on Android 2.3?
How can I read large QRs in Android?
How to use adb over Mobile AP (Portable wifi hotspot)
Can the Galaxy S2 be rooted without increasing the custom flash counter using adb?
Why WoW wakes Android only once?
GO Launcher apps in HTC Sense
How to make Android play music reliably, without chopping?
Video Streamer that can connect via proxy
Application in Market that Open click returns you back to the market
Samsung Galaxy S2 on Sprint sudden Drop in Battery Life
A data forensic tools for android
How to enable a disabled app
AC-USB Charging Device Makes Sounds when Device Fully Charged
Using an Archos 3G modem with an Acer Iconia tab (Android Honeycomb)
Galaxy Nexus ringtones and notifications too quiet
2.3.6 update for Samsung Galaxy S 2 GT-I9100
Stop automaticaly switching to 3g if wi-fi drops
Samsung apps cannot be run. Please try again later
How can I have a separate birthday calendar without shoving all those contacts onto GMail?
Can't transfer file from Ubuntu to Samsung Galaxy tab 10.1
Message application deleted
After wipe Apps are still shown as installed on Android's Web Market. How can I install them?
htc wildfire s after update to 2.3.5 - cannot install any app
Create a Gmail address for a Google account but use another email as the login
How do you remove a custom word from SlideIT?
Are there any custom ROM's for the Pantech Crossover?
Use Transformer Prime instead of virtual emulator
How do I remove an account for a phone I sold but did not factory reset first?
Change own phone number in ICS
Isn't Firefox mobile able to save tabs when switching to another app and back to Firefox?
Cyanogenmod 7.1 doesn't send MMS
Where is the background image saved?
vCard sent to my Android shows up as text
Show when roaming Ice Cream Sandwich
How to change Gmail sync frequency in ICS?
Why do single apps override launcher setting to not show statusbar and how to avoid this?
is Android single task or multitasking and multithreading?
What is the ODIN tool?
How can I disable root on a modded device?
Updating my Nexus S from 2.3.6 to 4.0.3
apps(tasks) restarting even after killing them
How can I move apps to SD on my Samsung Galaxy Ace?
What size of SD card can an HTC Desire accomodate?
How can I flash my Galaxy 5 (GT-I5500) via Linux?
Installing CyanogenMod on Newsmy NP-711 tablet
How can I fix or troubleshoot my Internet connection problem?
How do I set mp3s as ringtones on ICS?
Does the default email app support IMAP?
Do prepaid phones have issues with downloading certain Apps in the Android Market?
Galaxy Mini can't connect to the Internet over Wi-Fi
Moving applications to SD card leaves some data behind
How do I check who is connecting to my hotspot?
Good non-developer Android emulator?
Builtin Ice Cream Sandwich Application keyboard shortcuts question
Keyboard scroll down in Google Reader app
I accidently deleted LG home on my LG p500 phone
How can I copy to the clipboard on a stock phone?
Delete draft sms in ICS
How can I reduce the length and intensity of SMS notification vibrations?
How can I sync email automatically without removing local messages that have been deleted on the server?
Import OPML file to RSS Android?
Is it possible to link the Shazam Encore app to the online My Shazam account?
Increase Wi-Fi Roaming Aggressiveness on Samsung Dart?
Why can I not install Firefox on my HTC G1/Dream with CyanogenMod 6.1?
Upgrade and Rooting Motorola Xoom Paths
Real time device share on Apple TV via AirPlay
Seeing Huge Amount of Data Usage with Google Music
Access to android usb port from chroot linux?
Combine/merge/concatenate/unsplit long SMS/text messages?
How to specify where Samsung S5830's camera saves photos to
How to improve tethering while travelling in a train?
Can't install custom rom: "Can't mount SD card"
Too many password attempts
How to set CPU Affinity for android tasks
Must I install ClockworkMod to install CyanogenMod on Samgung Galaxy SII?
What exactly is superuser.apk and su?
What happens when Google removes a purchased app from Market?
Create my own boot.img for rooting?
Unable to boot Galaxy S - only see a picture of phone -> "triangle with an exclamation point" -> computer
how to search a particular song using search button
Jorte sync NationalHolidayCalendar with Google Calendar
What does the random "ding" in Google Maps Navigation signify?
Maximum ring volume for one contact, vibrate for others (SMS)
Record android screen
Android custom keyboard shortcuts
How can I change the order of local bookmarks in the stock browser
Gmail notifications aren't working as expected
Unable to move files to external SD card on SGS2 XXLP2
Gingerbread phone only queries for AAAA records?
MildWild rom stuck?
Facebook contact pictures not updating
Logging in with a non-gmail account
My phone was just stolen an hour or so ago. Are there any options for tracking?
Evo 3D constantly locking up
Can I safely downgrade an encrypted Asus Transformer TF101 from 8.6.5.21 to 8.6.5.19?
Keeps loading on startup
OpenVPN with Android 2.3.x - security concerns
Transformer Primetouch screen response: is this normal?
How to hard reset a Samsung Galaxy GT-i5800?
How do I get back to the regular camera?
I forgot my lock pattern, how do I reset it?
Galaxy SII not reporting Signal Strength
Market enabler not working (anymore??)
How can I configure an unlocked HTC Sensation XE for 3g connectivity in USA?
Any software to block all calls and all SMSes allowing only 3G internet?
How does C2DM work?
Will any Micro SD card work in an HTC Desire?
Internet not accessible even though connected to local network using wifi
Any way to place a link to `/sdcard2` within `/sdcard`?
Why is the same sd-card partition mounted on 7 different mount points?
How to remotely share Motorola Xoom screen
Will Android shift Google Calendar events when I go to different time zones?
Streaming radio in Android
Why do the "Successfully updated" notifications disappear?
Cannot get Lynx browser to work
How to extract .zip through ADB shell
Turn off Wi-Fi Power Saving?
How can I prevent hyphens causing text input to break in the Android Browser?
Which version of Active sync does every Android version use?
How do I speed up media scanning?
Adding direct contact to the "Share via" menu
Keep the home launcher from being killed
Galaxy Tab - How to keep alerts visible until the screen is unlocked?
Troubleshooting my WiFi - can't get an IP-address
Why do App Locker apps need so many permissions? Am i safe?
Does SuperOneClick flash a kernel?
Phone stops using 3G when Wifi hotspot nearby
Is my battery faulty
Just how secure is a pattern lock?
Do task killers actually work?
Disable Android Market localization
What are my most frequently used apps?
Send multiple files via Bluetooth to PC from gallery
How to circumvent the market compatibility check?
Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc randomly reboots
Full screen android clock
Is Samsung Galaxy Tab P7300 upgradable to Android 4?
Why are "word suggestions" of keyboards not shown in some apps?
How can I transfer my contacts from an iPhone to an Android device?
How to Change the Filename Prefix (DSC) of Camera Photos
Music player with labelled regions or time markers
How can I make my phone/tablet ring remotely without a SIM card?
Android restore bootstrap nandroid backup after a failed rom flash
How to open text files with DropBox on Android?
Why does Android Wi-Fi not get disabled?
How to remove Google Account that is set for Android Market in device?
How to check support for ext2 filesystem on android device
Synchronizing skype contacts with android
ICS on Desire HD
How to root my HTC Thunderbolt?
Why do apps legitimately purchased from Android Market warn about missing license?
How can I get TV-out from a Galaxy Tab 8.9?
Is z4Root infected?
How can you tell if your Nexus S is CDMA?
Can't add Samsungdive Account
How can I set Froyo's screen timeout to "Never"?
timestamp on messages is wrong
Install Android APK as Mac OS X app
Running older windows versions on Android
Do the front buttons on the Droid X turn on the screen?
How do I fix the permissions on /system/app on my Kindle fire
How can I root the GT 10.1 (running 3.2)?
Change language ICS spell correction (red dotted line)
The meaning of 3 axis values of magnetometer
andLess .flac "Decoder Error"
Network operator says "Registered on network" but Why can't I connect to the internet?
How to install Whatsapp on Android 1.6
How to keep Apps, that are banned from the offical market, up to date?
How can I determine the cause of random device reboots?
Flashed ICS i9020T image onto AT&T I9020XXKI1 baseband phone now intermittent WiFi
Why does my phone slow down after using internet and installing apps?
How can I make a change language shortcut for voice recognition in android 2.3.4?
How to transfer SMS message store to new phone which does not have an SD card
CM7 GPS works randomly, no rhyme or reason, is there a fix?
Phone is finding every wireless access point except mine!
Phone not mounting as a drive when "Connect USB storage" is clicked
Is it possible to use the GMail "Call Phone" functionality on Android without Google Voice?
How to install vanilla Android OS on Kindle Fire?
Is it possible to modify files on sd from PC without unmounting?
Clockworkmod sd-ext partitioning + link2sd mount = Where is my ext partition mounted?
Battery Problem in Samsung Galaxy Tab GT-P7510
How to track device locations in an office
Why isn't Clockworkmod Recovery "Sticking"?
How can I disable or password protect my device's 'factory reset' function?
how to prevent accidental factory reset in android?
How can I control a list of applications in "Share" pop up in Android built in browser?
How do I set Wi-Fi sleep policy to Never on Froyo 2.2 Droid X without Advanced Wi-Fi Settings menu?
How can I ensure that I'm logged out of Google Latitude?
CyanogenMod, why doesn't Market self-upgrade?
What is the "Duplicate Provider" error?
Two phones -- Two separate contact lists (me / wife) want to use same account for calendar
My messaging application sometimes closes itself while typing - How can I fix this?
Widget for controlling tethering
Logout from Gmail on my device
How to display cell info display (CID) on screen?
How to get back pattern lock with Exchange/ActiveSync account?
Are there any custom ROMs which let the user somehow filter Share menu lists?
Android "loses" a game
Extracting the radio firmware image from an Android phone
Where has the option to mount as hard drive gone ...?
Where are the downloads from the Amazon Appstore stored?
Is there a way to permanently turn off Google Maps until needed?
Why does installing applications freeze my DroidX running Froyo 2.2?
Is it possible to skip confirmation on app restores?
Installation/uninstallation of apps
I have a refurbished Samsung Galaxy Tab with no Android Market App
Dropbox files won't open, 'Permanent Failure'
Shell utterly borked, toolbox claims "no such tool"
Where are binaries installed?
How to sync only Facebook contacts that already exists in phone for Android 2.2
How do disable VPN gateway when connected?
How to get Power Control Widget (Status bar widget) on stock rom
How do I set reminders using Voice Actions in ICS 4 - Galaxy Nexus?
Is there a free android app which can launch apps on a successful wifi connection?
Why are some applications on the Market not on AppBrain as well?
Is there a way to add Kindle Fire as a device on the Android Market
How do I clear out some information recorded in Google accounts?
How can I root my LG Optimus M?
Where are the downloads from the Browser stored and how to I get to downloads from the browser?
Is it possible to extend/upgrade media decoders?
Asus Transformer - Show Virtual Keyboard When Docked
How can I return from power-saving mode in Android 2.3?
How do I know which applications slows down the phone?
Is there a podcast app that can download podcasts so that they're available to the stock music player
Is a google account mandatory to use the market?
How can I perform Optical Character Recognition and have it read with Text-To-Speech?
If I set an Android 4.0 to use face recognition, after which I shave my head, will face recognition still work?
How do I boot my Samsung Nexus S into safe mode?
How do I prevent applications from restoring after a factory reset?
How can I read my epub books in Google Books for Android?
How can I restore IMEI code after factory reset?
How to mount SMB/CIFS Network Shares on android device?
Reset ringtone picker preferences
Is there any way to make Android Market "global"?
Samsung Galaxy Tab P-1000 no longer recognised by the computer
What does "SNS" mean on Android?
Samsung Gio overheating and no power
How can I refresh an email in the native gmail app?
Connect android phones through adhoc wifi network
Cannot enable GPS  on G510
App to automatically download and view a list of web pages offline
How to check supported Bluetooth Profiles on Android device
App installs result in "Process System Not Responding" message
Home screens maxed out (oops)... now I can't edit?
How to clear all applications data in android?
Swype delete key problem
ClockworkMod Recovery pops up during phone turn on
How can I make silent mode affect media volume too?
How to stream audio from PC to Android Device over Bluetooth
Apply manual update on Xoom without an OTG cable
Stolen phone: is changing your GMail password enough?
Improving Galaxy Nexus's audio quality
If I install a leaked ROM on my device will I be able to receive OTA updates?
Check what storage an app uses?
Google Voice missing from app drawer after upgrading to ICS
Is it possible to permanently supress app updates?
Android audio input
Why WEP wifi network is not found by SK17i?
Answering Machine on Android
Android Market is not opening on Samsung galaxy GT-P7500
Galaxy Nexus restarts non-stop before completely booting
Are there good resources for comparing performance of Stock Motorola ROMs vs. CM7.1?
How to change my device's country?
Are there specific cases in which a task-killer or "fast reboot" program is helpful?
Does freezing apps in Titanium Backup Pro require a phone reboot to take effect?
Can you install custom kernels on DroidX running CyanogenMod?
How does memory usage compare on Droid X Froyo vs Gingerbread stock ROMs?
Is there a concern as far as memory when running ICS ROM on 512MB device (DroidX)
Does Chrome Mobile on ICS support extensions?
Is there a way to lower GPU load from Ice Cream Sandwich?
rooting Samsung captivate with the new gingerbread release
No notifications during the night hours
is AT&T network possible on the Droid a855?
Epic 4g Touch: Choose to route calls through Google Talk or Sprint
Defragmenting my Android Phone
Google Books crashes on loading - workaround? (HTC Desire Z 2.3)
Swype keyboard turns into a black area
How can I free up RAM automatically?
How do some apps get past ad blocking?
Difference in GPS hardware
Is there any software for Tablets to edit PDF or PS -files?
After Uninstalling Google Voice, I cannot receive phone calls, busy signal
Galaxy S screen glowing in locked state as if some one tried to unlock it, even with out touching it
Is there any highlighting or annotating software for ODT -format: LibreOffice or OpenOffice?
Problem with unlocking the HTC Wildfire bootloader with HTC unlocker
How can I disable auto-dimming of the screen?
How can I get Google Voice to forward texts only when I'm not using Google Voice?
On Android can I write scripts (similar to Win .bat files) to combine several command line commands?
How can I root my Nexus One?
Will a Custom Recovery work with an encrypted device?
 LG Optimus P690 - how to launch silently
Hebrew vowels not rendering correctly on web page.
ABNT2 keyboard for Android x86 2.2 r2 sparta "distro"
Installing apps from Android Market or alternatives to a virtual Android x86 device
Upgrading my phone - what happens to the apps?
Is Google Chrome for Android Beta compatible with the 4.0.3 emulator in the Android SDK?
outlook email on phone gets stuck in outbox and never sends
stock sms client creates multiple threads for the same number
How to Disable File Verification while installing Cyanogen in Nexus One
How to set bash as default shell?
Broken Screen + Using adb shell to run vnc server
Watching Android Tablet app on connected TV
Permission denied when I run insmod in terminal emulator
Cannot connect Samsung Galaxy S2 to computer in storage mode via USB
How can I arrange the applications on each page of my app drawer?
Is it possible to direct all audio output, including music output, to a Bluetooth headset?
How to rate an app in Android Market on a tablet?
Any success with external microphones for Android phones or tablets?
Android not syncing anymore
How do I increase audio sound on my app for recording phone calls?
Minicom app for Android?
How can I get the latest compatible app version?
How do I use an external microphone with my Galaxy Nexus?
Google+ client that takes up less space?
How to revert back to stock rom for Galaxy S 2?
Is it possible to reorganize the SD card? Because it is a mess in there
PPTP Disconnects
Changing the appearance of messages in the Messaging app on Droid RAZR Maxx?
How to establish a LAN directly between an Archos G9 (Android 4.0, WiFi) and a linux box?
Is it possible to make my Samsung Galaxy Nexus use external usb storage like memory sticks?
How can I use an app purchased from the Market on a Kindle Fire?
Share to bookmark
"sendmsg: Connection refused" trying to root a Nexus One
How to change google account without wiping?
Why doesn't uninstalling an app free all the space it had used?
How to and from where install ClockworkMod Recovery (CWM) on GT-P1000?
Accessing Calculation History on HTC Calculator App
Apps missing after upgrading sd card
A tool for semi-automatic merging of contacts?
Stylish for Android?
Is there any way to edit ODT documents on Android?
How can I increase the maximum speaker volume?
How to uninstall preinstalled apps on Gingerbread?
Wrong label color in gmail 2.3.3
Mobile network not available
Can Android save state on powerloss?
Remotely brick a stolen phone
Use Galaxy Note as digitiser tablet for PC
How to schedule shutdown of a phone?
Why Automatic App Updates In Market Don't Work?
Kindle fire CM7 barebones: how can I get the home screen into portrait mode?
Upgrading from Android 1.6 to 2.2
How to have one-button access (on HTC incredible) to do voice dialing or voice commands?
How can I sync an Exchange 2003 inbox to an Android 4.x device?
How to put a lock screen with security code on a Arnova 10 G 2?
WIFI gets disconnected once the device sleeps
Why does my phone vibrate when service is lost?
How to unroot my TF101
Determine if my Galaxy is 8 GB or 16 GB
How to prevent Samsung Tab 10.1 from turning display on by itself?
How can I get ADB to recognize my Spice MI 350?
My Samsung Galaxy Ace disconnects from Wi-Fi when sleeping even after setting the Wi-Fi sleep policy
Do custom ROMs like CyanogenMod modify your bootloader?
Can I load a ROM from a 7" Galaxy Tab onto a 10" Galaxy Tab?
Get charge state remotely
Is there an XMPP (Jabber) client for Android that supports video calling?
App to download rss enclosures (just like a podcatcher)
What happens when you kill the Samsung Kies Wifi Agent?
Enabling both normal wifi and wifi hotspot to get RSSI values of wi-fi hotspots
Xperia Arc shows 3G signal but not connecting to Internet
Screen size and density of Samsung Galaxy Y
How to protect my Google Account?
How to connect Galaxy Spica 2.1 to tv using RCA/ Phono cable
Emacs on Android
How many computers can I connect simultaneously using Android tethering?
My EPC android 2.2 won't connect to internet
How do I disable the "Select input method" Notification?
How to port a SIM card to an Android phone
Disappearing/deleted .pls files
Can I reverse tether my Android device to my phone using Bluetooth PAN or DUN?
Why wait ten minutes after installing some roms?
Can't unlock LG Optimus P500
Galaxy Nexus screen flashes and brightness issues on various button taps and screens
where is factory data reset option on Android 2.3.5?
modify the HTC unlock system on an HTC Android 2.3.5 phone?
ProxyDroid not working
Not sure if Kernel Version correct
Samsung S2 reads out message aloud
Lost sound on my Xperia X8?
Guitar recording on Android?
What happened to Lenovo LePhone? Is it on the market? Was it released?
How do I install live wallpapers I get from outside the android market? 
Is there any way to disable the camera beep when I start recording video?
Google maps wants a login now? Is there a way around this?
move micro SD card to another phone
3G icon won't change with Miui themes
Picture always appears on Facebook as "on line"
What does Hot Boot mean?
move .apk files to Nokia 6303
Is it possible to force a link to actually become a hyperlink in SMS?
Where does Google Music store the “offline tracks”?
Move angry birds progress from one device to another (cross-platform)
Connecting Samsung Galaxy Note to TV
Link2SD working issues
need to install gtalk on my HCL X1 tab and also Skype
Camera time delay on 2.3.5?
upgarde to 2.2 android OS- X8 mobile
Nexus S ICS update problem restarting by itself
How do apps/games become featured in the Android Market?
What user agent does Chrome Mobile Beta have?
Is it possible to select default contact picture service?
Can I use a pin/password/pattern lock and safely have basic phone functionality while in car?
Are there commercially available devices that support more languages than those officially supported by Google?
Can I USB-tether my Android tablet to my Android phone?
How do I get rid of the "shut the screen off" animation on Droid 4?
Is it possible to write to a device's clipboard using ADB?
Cannot get Android 4.0 NFS client to connect to my NFSv4 Ubuntu server: "no such device"
can't see what I'm writing on a web form
Problems with bluetooth pand on rooted android 2.3.1 device
App to share a calendar
Market App crashes on Samsung Galaxy Ace
View last successful mail check/sync
Open Source "My QR code" app to quickly share my contact details?
What's the perfect internal storage preserving technique? Does link2sd and data2sd interfere?
Use different lock-screens on htc sensation
Is a PIN lock screen inherently more or less secure than an app lock program?
How to remove leftover files after an application download?
How to transfer file to internal usb storage on Samsung Note?
Moving or hiding the system bar
SMS time stamps are behaving strangely
How to fix corupted icons on home screen?
My Galaxy Nexus can't connect to unsecured web using wi-fi at home
Rooting and updating to Official Updates
Problem with Samsung Galaxy S2 Driver on Windows
How can I update my Galaxy Tab to 2.3?
How to know if my phone has NFC technology?
Picture Gallery Slow & Won't Refresh on HTC G2 w Android 2.3 Gingerbread
How can I determine the latest released firmware for my Samsung device?
Are Samsung firmware updates regional?
How do I find my contacts?
Where is the Android log file to see if app installed correctly?
How can I determine Max CPU speed at runtime?
How to clear Android browser's localStorage?
Can I locate my android phone?
Is it possible to determine whether the phone has been rooted or not?
How to get 2012 Chevy Equinox to recognize my Evo 3d?
How To Prevent Uploading From Interrupting When Screen Is Off?
Facebook contact sync in Ice Cream Sandwich
Is there an Android equivalent of diskutil?
blocking individual numbers & text messages for Android phones
Has there been any custom roms ported for the ZTE Score?
Xperia X10i slow
disassociate a device I don't have anymore from market account?
How to reinstall android to the fresh stock?
How to find app based on package name?
no notification for automatic upload of images and videos in google+
HTC G2 Phone randomly turns off w fully charged battery on Gingerbread 2.3
Connecting Android smartphone/tablet to PC and another device through USB hub
Why am I getting an 'Invalid Server Certificate' error when retrieving email even though I have the 'Verify Certificate' setting disabled?
Wrong HTC phone type attached to android market
ICS: Add Google Contact Group To Home Screen
Can we install Android 2.3 on Samsung Wave Y GT-S5380K
How can I view flash content in Dolphin?
Update to ICS makes Firefox fonts look awful (Eee Pad)
how to flash Kindle Fire with custom boot.img
How can I get missing apps back after factory resetting my rooted x10 Mini?
Missing internal flash memory and SD card does not mount
data packet automatically activated on gingerbread 2.3.6
ICS Navigation app change default from walking to driving?
GT-I5500 Wi-Fi error
Rooted Phone's data folder now empty
iplayer app for BBC radio programs on 2.3.5?
installing openAOS 2.3.5 on Archos 5IT?
How to keep two versions of an app installed?
If I open a PDF from dropbox with Adobe Reader, where is it saved?
How can I sign out from gmail in my Android?
opera search bar: enter doesn't search
How do I change my "Vendor Class ID"?
Can I temporarily use device with physical QWERTY in touch only mode?
Is there a way to see 3G connection time?
Better folders, which support drag & drop: is that even possible?
What is my lcd density?
Retrieve deleted file Android droid 2
Displaying profile picture in Gmail App
How can I make Android remember default apps after upgrades?
Can I restore my HTC Hero to its stock ROM?
List of ROMs for HTC Flyer
Mass install apps using FTP/HTTP
Ubuntu font cannot display latin extended characters
How do I disable the data usage warning and notification in ICS?
Is there an equivalent for coconutBattery (Mac) on the Android?
Application to slide from area to start application?
How can I send a file wirelessly without bluetooth or a Wi-Fi network in ICS?
What actually happens when you swipe an app out of the recent apps list?
copy folder structure from internal memory to sd-card
Do most phones default to Automatic Date and Time being on?
How to transfer files using WiFi Direct between 2 ICS devices?
What do I need to know about the "weird" Galaxy S Vibrant emergency call handling?
Can a device pretend to be a USB keyboard?
In ICS, what differs between use on a phone, and use on a tablet?
How to set http proxy filter?
ICS and support for gamepad/controller devices
What new features my tablet gains in the passage between Honeycomb and Ice Cream Sandwich?
Android HTC Touch2/Mega
For updating an  Android OS which one is better amongst the, official Update and Custom ROM update
Nexus S 4.0.3 (OTA) missing icon in the phone app
How do HD voice calls work?
Automatically power on Android when the charger is connected
VZW Galaxy Nexus exhibiting bizarre charging behavior
Are there guidelines on how much free RAM a phone should have - specifically Samsung Galaxy S?
What is the process to install cyanogenmod to a galaxy tab 10.1?
How can voice search improve recognition
Are Android USB plug-in chargers interchangeable?
How do I create a ClockworkMod installation package?
View live GPS tracking online during race
What's the meaning of signal strength colors in battery usage screens?
How to download a Windows executable?
Samsung S2 not deleting sent emails on gmail
Can I block specific apps from using GPS?
"Show only contacts with phone number" - Filter missing in Android 4
Can a thief unlock or otherwise access the data on my stolen Android device?
Is there a countdown timer in Android?
What do the "Pogo Pins" on the Galaxy Nexus map to?
adb command to search the filesystem
Adjust long press of back button to kill app in CM7?
Do external booster antennas help with 4G reception?
How to stop Vlingo Voice Talk coming up on double-tapping?
How does Android calculate battery consumption by apps?
Is it possible to set the language and locale to different values?
Using Android as network server
How to find only SD card movable applications on the market?
test usb functionality from the handset?
How can I make the browser remember login credentials for Google mobile sites?
Motorola DroidX eCryptfs related Sources?
No access to Android Market after loading Ice Cream Sandwich
Prevent volume rocker from disabling silent mode
Any information on when ICS will be available for the Nexus S GT-I9020A (AT&T/Fido/Rogers)
Can I update my Galaxy Nexus manually?
Can I disable the camera sound in the new ICS camera app (in silent mode)?
Code/Program Java on Kindle Fire
Is there a way to trigger hover behavior in the Chrome Beta browser?
Is RAM/HDD Shared on Tablets PCs?
Can I remove the .nomedia file from Google Music downloaded music folder?
What does the "modify/delete USB storage contents" permission really mean?
Windows doesn't detect Nexus S
How to recover apps from a factory reset?
Automatic factory reset and app installation
Internal storage data disappeared, trying to dump
How to Remote Control Google Doc Presentation?
Can I run CyanogenMod without mobile service?
Netflix-Xyboard error: "Sorry we could not reach the Netflix service. (1009)"
Why is all audio suddenly phase cancelling on headphones?
Can android smartphones (with Wi-Fi enabled) be detected by other WiFi devices?
How to change Opera language back to English?
Where did the galaxy live wallpaper go in ICS?
Can I use the default music app in ICS without linking it to my google account?
Tap screen to turn it back on after timeout
My HTC EVO 3D is unresponsive after charging
Messaging input language is supported by Android or by handset makers?
set another CDMA operator in a verizon wireless galaxy tab
Is it possible to have Skype for Android automatically answer calls?
Turning on encryption for an Android 4.0 device
Path where Firefox Mobile Addons store their data?
Galaxy Nexus: how to upload music in Linux?
How to recover files from SD card on HTC Merge?
Do I have to install a custom ROM if I root?
How can I view my phone's screen on a computer in real time?
Virtual Router software is keep on disconnecting
Multiple force closes
Where does the Fastboot pull the information from?
Tagged for Android not compatible with Mi320?
Preparing A500 for warranty service
hosts file keeps reverting
Android App for StackExchange
Cant access abd
Does automated mapping with voice come pre-defaulted in Android without needing a data plan?
Is there a way to record internal audio?
Reinstalling core / stock messaging app on android 4.0
Cannot connect to mail server that requires no authentication: "invalid username / password"
Samsung Galaxy S, Front facing camera is not an option
Do you need a data plan to install Amazon's App Store?
Syncing / sending Google Maps landmarks to Android Maps
How can I open password protected ODS files (Open Office)?
How do I view and manage the list of Intents that launch what apps in my phone? How do I unregister these apps?
Sending all contacts *with number* via Bluetooth
How can you add an reoccuring appointment at the last day of every month in the calendar
Auto focus not working on Galaxy Nexus
Do batteries on new devices start discharging even when plugged in to the adapter?
What will be faster when moving to sd-ext via A2SD+ Data or Dalvik-cache? (or can I move both with no extra-penalty)
Does Android hide some amount of RAM from the User?
Can I input a video signal into my HTC phone to use it as an external monitor of a camera?
Can I shorten the network name in my status-bar so I have room for more icons?
How to force Samsung Galaxy Tab to shutdown?
Data voice calls app
HTC Desire (Android 2.2) connects then disconnects to wifi
how to delete hotels.com app?
How can I get my ASUS Transformer 101 to see upgrades?
It takes a long time to load the home screen
Controlling a Google TV remotely via SSH
How can I delay the screen's password lock on my Stratosphere?
How to restore/add google search to android browser - Samsung Galaxy Ace GT-S5830L
How do I decrypt files on my SD card that I encrypted using the Settings?
gmail app not updating emails
Is there a way/app to block outgoing international calls, without activating the network provider's International Call Barring?
How do I root my Samsung Galaxy S?
What are the advantages of a separate tethering app over the built-in tethering controls?
How do I back up (and restore) my phone before installing a custom ROM?
Alternate (keyboard) task switching method for CM9
Milestone outperforming Galaxy Nexus on mobile data connection speed
Why have some of my apps started coming up as tiny shrunken windows
Vibrations or not depending on phone position
How can I edit values in memory?
Can I change the dalvik cache location e.g. with a symbolic link?
How can I set a new app as my default launcher on a Galaxy Ace?
Disable all software installation
What does debug.sf.hw in build.prop mean?
Why do I see less memory on my Asus tablet then specified?
Are apps in SD card available after a factory reset?
changing x10 mini pro keyboard from querty to azerty CM7 pro's ROM
Do I have to do anything different when flashing a ROM with Odin if I'm coming from CM7?
<HTCData><Facebook> auto sync after changing ROM
Active auto correction like in iOS
Mark as unread button in email application?
Outer-shell music buttons like in iOS
Android hangs after rebooting when upgrading to 2.3.5
Personalized Mass Text tool (app)?
Install built-in system languages
Suspend a phone
Why is it that Android still can't be installed as regular OS?
Can I limit Kindle purchases to only 1 device on my account?
How can I stop an ongoing sync process on my Desire?
How to determine which app is creating a notification
Getting "Authentication is required" when trying to access the Play Store
How do I save images from google search on my Galaxy Ace (Android Version:2.2.1)
What happens when an SDcard is inserted?
Is Google Play Music the same as the stock Android Music App?
Getting "The application [APPLICATION NAME] ( [APPLICATION ADDRESS] ) has stopped working unexpectedly. Please try again"
Update Market Application to Google Play Market Application
Problem purchasing android apps
Alarm which could Ring even when Device is Off
ICS upgrade for Asus Transformer should be available OTA
Is Google Play rebranded app being pushed to India?
Is there a voice action shortcut in ICS?
What's the Android Devices section of Google Dashboard for?
Phone not updating Market to Google Play?
Change sort order of contacts
Barcode Scanning with a low res camera (3.2mp)
Where can I find local installation files?
market links to google play in browser
How can I enable DNS Suffix support on Android? (resolv.conf search)
nytimes app - transferring marked articles - from old device to new one
Bluetooth A2DP audio occasionally drops out for a second on custom ROMs
Calendar entries that live in Exchange 2010 cannot be edited
application to restore/download all market applications after new rom is installed
Android Market on Google TV not working after update to Google Play
Couldn't connect to server Google+
Is there any way to replace the desktop dock app on the Droid 3? Or at least change the widgets/dock area icons in productivity mode?
Configure email notification with Calendar app
Problem with accents in Xperia x10 Mini Pro using CyanogenMod
How To Switch To A Higher Storage SDHC Card With Less Hassle And Problems?
How do I get the Android 4 web browser to read arbitrary web pages out loud?
Trying to use a USB adaptor to connect keyboard
How to clear the keyboard autocomplete suggestions
Mute the external microphone when a headphone is plugged in?
Disable device lock when pressing Gnex power button
Dim the back light to low battery level
What's causing my games to sometimes exit to the homescreen?
Find a stolen Android device without sim card
Android Tablets: Use USB to Ethernet connector?
Shortcut to mark all SMS text messages read?
Is iris really this useless or am I doing it wrong?
Can I root my stock-Gingerbread Captivate without flashing a new kernel?
Transfer *.contact from PC to Samsung Galaxy S 2
Can I use arrow keys?
Changing vibrate length of default email app on galaxy s2
Why does Google Maps Display Routes/Waypoints Differently on Phone than on PC?
Connecting Android to Fedora to browse the web
Will a Motorola DEFY+ sync with my Outlook calendar and contacts?
Galaxy S2 restarts
Date of ROM installation
Can I share my Google Play "cloud" music with a family member?
Google talk in Sony Ericsson XPeria Mini Pro
Battery Sony Ericsson XPeria Mini Pro
What is the best pre-stealing practice?
What's the difference between free and premium version of Aldiko Book Reader?
Getting my Angry Birds (and other) data files onto my Galaxy Nexus?
How to upgrade google play app?
Change main Google account login address
Can I run Windows Phone apps on Android devices?
WhatsApp contact's icon not showing
Android USB Gadget Driver
is it 100% safe to install Custom Roms
I'm trying to put a ROM onto my SD card in my phone through USB storage?
Save battery by switching to 2G after a few minutes of inactivity
My Galaxy S II is not properly allowing me to use USB storage mode - how can I fix this?
HTC G2 crashes, comes back on falsely saying battery level is 0%
Why does Android offer updates for all the gmail accounts on the phone?
Note taking app with handwriting recognition that includes math typesetting (latex preferably)?
Mail app stuck at "in progress"
SMS and Gmail notification volume
Unable to enable Mobile Network settings (options greyed out). Is there any way to restore lost mobile connectivity data?
android what is the minimum software that must be present in my PC to detect my android phone
Is it posible to change the locale of my device?
Samsung galaxy S2 can't upgrade to 4.0
Disabling smiley key on keyboards with the stock messaging app in ICS
Install android on Nokia
How to take backup of all installed APKs from Phone to PC?
Disable buttons for emergency call and volume control in lock screen
Screen lock settings won't change on Ice Cream Sandwich with MS Exchange Email
How to search the Play Store by permissions?
How to clear blank entries from Titanium Backup (pro)?
Why does my phone consume megabytes of traffic when idle?
Galaxy Nexus - How do I start adding strangers' numbers to "auto-reject"?
Use android phone as bluetooth receiver in car
Why is my Huawei IDEOS X3 (U8510) not appearing in the Device Manager list?
How can I move incoming  messages immediately to the SIM card?
How to make Android use remote DNS servers over VPN?
use wav file for sound notification when receiving a new Facebook/Google+ message?
Nexus One stuck in loading screen - How to save application data? (ROOTED)
Hebrew word suggestions on ICS
What do "NAND", "ROM" and "to flash" mean?
Call Recorder not using microphone to record the other side
QR scanner that doesn't want to access my contact list
Is it normal for the Galaxy Nexus to have an Odin mode?
Access Android device's file system over Bluetooth or Wi-Fi
How safe is android compared to other mobile platforms?
Issue syncing Exchange 2003 account email after ICS update
How can I sync iTunes with a Galaxy Nexus
Is there a way to check who is connected to my Galaxy Nexus hotspot
My HTC sense won't turn on at all and it was fully charged.
Why is my Galaxy S notifying me about a new message when my inbox is empty?
Google IO Galaxy Tab 10.1 refuses to power on, any hope of revival?
What are some uses for the HDMI port?
Install Bash on rooted Kindle Fire
Why does the Yahoo Mail application for Android only show message snippets in search results?
instant upload of camera pictures into Google picasaweb without Google+ app?
Manually Sync Outlook 2010 contacts/calendar only from Windows PC to Android cell phone (Samsung Galaxy S II) via USB cord only
non-wipe non-unlock root for Android 2.3.3
Samsung Galaxy S 2 - Recovery mode
Download files with Chrome for Android
Add New Ringtones, Notifications and Alarm tones on Nexus One
Why does the ICS dialer have letters next to the numbers?
Galaxy s2 will not boot, wrong bootloader
How do I force the ICS browser to finish syncing bookmarks?
Galaxy Tab 10.1 doesn't keep wifi connected despite settings
Why can't apps connect to the internet?
What kind of upgrade procedure can I expect after rooting my tablet?
How to remove apps from "all downloaded" in Play Store
Can anyone recognize this app (toggles WiFi, GPS, Sync, BT, etc.) in the notification bar?
Restoring messages from ClockworkMod backup
Adding tags to photos in the Gallery
Run a Titanium Backup schedule from ADW Launcher's drawer
How to re-activate android device (with another email address)
I've rooted my tablet, now how do I get rid of this bloatware?
ICS: Use site's bookmark icon
Clear Application Cache on ICS
Google Maps shows wrong location on Android 2.2
How do I get a ROM onto my ICS (Android 4.0) tablet?
How to get android device model number connected to a PC via USB?
How to sync old Google Calendar events on Sony Ericsson XPeria X10 Mini?
Is there a alarm clock app that uses UTC time?
Will the 'wipe data/factory reset' option in clockworkdmod also wipe the internal sd card?
Cant go to last week of month in calendar
Can't install previously installed apps from Google Play
Is there any FREE android mail client with Exchange Support?
Ice Cream Sandwich OTA on Nexus S?
Is it possible to activate an android device using a 'google apps' account
How can I share a post on my wall using the Facebook app?
Why an android device overwrites the header named message-ID?
Is there a keyboard featuring Undo/Redo?
Does Galaxy Tab 10.1 USB adapter allow an external web camera?
Root my EVO wihtout USB cord
List of all devices connected to my network
How can I group duplicate contacts from different sources (Google, WhatsApp, etc)?
What does [HYPOS] tag on logcat relate to in Samsung Galaxy S II?
Which directories does the Media Scanner scan?
How can I flash ClockworkMod with Heimdall on Galaxy Mini?
"App_Name" Could not be downloaded due to an error (500)?
Mapping Xbox 360 (wired) controller buttons on SuperGNES
How can I make a selected calendar notification behave like an alarm, that is, audible even on silent mode?
Where are the bookmarks in Firefox for Android?
Custom ROM on Sony Ericsson Xperia Pro (MK16i)
Is there a search app for Android with no-tracking privacy policy?
Why does Google play show a "no connection: retry" error?
Is there a way to cancel a sending message?
How to change country?
LG Spectrum Jumping To Home Screen
How to force Android 2.3 to believe that there is networking?
Copy all contacts from HTC Desire HD to my google account
Suspicious Permissions And A Safe Repository?
How to unlock device when I forgot my password?
GTalk and phone with wrong time
SMS-Email Gateway App
Why does the Google Authenticator app have "obsolete" in its title on Play Store?
Can I convert a system app to a user app, uninstall it, or move it to my SD card?
Asus Transformer : no more sound after update to Ice Cream Sandwich
Zeroconf mDNS on Android?
Android sleep of death (SOD)
What are the differences between different versions of Angry Birds Space?
Shaky, drifting compass an inevitability on Samsung Nexus S?
Gmail has gone completely crazy
What does the voice privacy setting do?
Could not see "persist.service.adb.enable" value from default.prop of Android device?
my phone hit a pavement and 3g/4g stopped working. next step?
Upload my own videos to Google Play?
What is the synchronization source for the internal clock
Google video hangouts on 2.3.5 Android phones?
number in the top right corner of the camera app?
Questions regarding purchasing on google store
Android market questions
Finding data created by a certain application?
How can I use one Android device as mouse and keyboard input for another Android device via bluetooth?
Android Password Recovery + 2 Step Auth. What happens?
Need to give away Milestone that's rooted, what happens if I do Factory Data Reset?
What is S-OFF? Why would I want to do it?
How can I slow down my phone?
Any way to dial international calling codes automatically based on my location?
APN settings in A500 with dongle
How to turn off flashing notification LED on HTC Sensation XE?
Is it ok to delete the Amazon .apk files?
What to do after:" No sd-ext found. Skipping backup of sd-ext"?
Is there a way to move installed apps from one device to another?
Why does Play Store update twice in a row the same app to the same version?
Contact groups in 2.3.4 - xperia?
Reinstall TouchWiz Calendar
Where are the hidden videos and pictures from Camfiler's VS and/or PS apps?
HTC EVO crashes while exporting phone contacts to SD card
Why Advent Vega keeps losing Wi-Fi?
How long should the first boot take with CyanogenMod 9?
Is there a way to spoof the phone model that shows up on app ratings/comments on Google Play?
How to add StackExchange podcast to Google Listen (on Android)?
How to check if an available update will take up more storage or less than the one currently installed version?
open a list of bookmarks in one go?
replace the HTC unlock system for a keyboard combination in Android 2.3.5?
How to remove downloaded videos of TED app from device?
Android ICS ROMs for MID Tablet
How can I sync my Outlook calendar with my Android phone calendar?
Is there any app that measures the distance using the camera?
Battery - do they last longer if recharged when empty?
How can I set up different notification tones for each of my email accounts?
Why won't 'usb debugging' mode stay on?
Disabling safe mode or removing apps from safe mode
How to tune a frequency like 89.0 on Jusada ICS CM7 stock radio?
Can I increase the in-call volume of my microphone?
Are there any risks to flashing a ROM?
How to run commands as root in Connectbot?
Calculate which app use more internal space among my link2sd moved apps
Enter recovery mode from command line
Will changing the HBOOT affect my ROM?
What's the "MTC Мобильная Почта" update on my Samsung Galaxy?
Quick Key Problem HTC G2
Galaxy Nexus: Disable screen lock during call
Is it possible to open a locally saved Flash file on the Ideapad A1?
Rooting and unrooting Apex Launcher
Exchange server email sync
How does WiFiKill actually work?
Can you damage the proximity sensor if you keep it always on?
SGS2 running ICS 4.0.3 can't connect to home wifi
Google Geolocation Problem with Beautiful Widgets
Is there any android epub reader supporting epub3 with audio/video/javascript?
How Should I Handle This Suspicious App?
How to tell if your phone is refurbished
WiFi Signal drops out every 3 minutes
Cyanogenmod 7.2 Install Method
What can I do about broken touch input?
Root hboot 2.18.0001 without computer (HTC EVO 4G)
New phone: How to transfer game progress?
How would one use the Android accelerometer to measure one's mass?
Is it ok to charge my Nexus S with an iPhone power adaptor?
Is it possible to run flash applet with microphone support on Android?
Delete an account from Android without affecting the apps related to it
Phone mutes ringer when I dismiss alarms
How can I delete all Winamp playlists at once?
store data partition of an Android device for later flashing
How to write a script to assign adobe reader as the default application for opening PDFs on Android?
How to recover data from a damaged SD card?
Installing cert files and connecting to wifi network on Touchpad running CM9
How much power does a Galaxy Tab 10.1 charger need to supply?
Apps to draw on top of a picture or text document?
Why do I need a Gmail account to use Android?
Red Star And Green Cross Icons?
Does  the Motorola Droid RAZR support NFC?
vibrate notifications only when receiving emails from certain addresses?
How to reinstall corrupted Android applications with ease?
Google authenticator app says that this version is no longer supported
Asus Transformer Slider frequently freezes
Do phones have a power supply?
Long delay for Google Voice prompt if dialed from "Contact" home screen shortcut
Is there a QR code reader with instant sync to PC?
Dual booting a tablet with Honeycomb and Ice Cream sandwich?
Is there anyway to access and write data to the internal storage or System Storage from PC?
Screen turns off after a certain time
How can I reset my phone without losing everything?
Installing ICS update
"login with google" via mobile browser - how to use secondary account?
enabling java for Lenovo ThinkPad tablet?
Market Application (process com.android.vending) has stopped unexpectedly
How To Stop Annoying "Cellular Network Not Found" Popup Prompt?
Why Browser Tabs Reload After Restoring Back From Multi-Tasking?
Is There A Way To Be Notified About Google Play (Android Marketplace) Discounts?
HTC Desire S - Number Unknown Is Shown?
Does the Samsung Galaxy S2 support WPA2 with AES?
How to stop com.seven.Z7.Social Hub from keeping my phone awake?
Can't run any Python script on my Android phone
Trouble updating Android Market to Google Play on Logitech-Revue (Google-TV)
Show Unread Messages on email shortcut?
My Android device with USB host does not recognize my WiFi Adapter dongle. Is there a way I can install a driver or do anything else?
Is there a way to temporarily disable hosts and flush the DNS?
How do I merge contacts based on phone numbers?
Motorola USB Drivers on Windows 8
How can I search the Google Calendar from the Android phone?
plain text editor that can delete lines
Is there a way to preview RAW photos on an Android tablet from a PC over a network?
Got mail from Google: Google Mobile Maps Location Reporting Reminder. How to I stop location reporting?
Google Authenticator old version
How to increase speaker volume of HTC Evo 3D
Wifi Doesn't connect to internet in my i5801
Google play error after updating 4.0.4?
Samsung Galaxy 3 (GT-i5801) is not being detected in Kies
How to simulate long press home button?
Shortcut to enable / disable VoIP/SIP on Gingerbread?
Gift app on Google Play
How do I upload multiple photos at once to Picasa (Web)?
Google Docs - Spreadsheet - Row selection issue
How can I turn songs from Google Play Music into ringtones?
When I search for apps, what determines the order in which they are ranked?
How can I find a saved Wi-Fi password?
False "low on space" (internal storage) warning on HTC Incredible
HTC Legend 2.2 not recognized on windows 7
profile picture appears in gchat but nowhere else
If I root my phone, can my service providor tell if I am using my phone for USB tethering or as a WiFi hotspot?
Poor performance on Wifi compared to 3G
Any reason why Swype isn't in Play Store?
Is there a real "Gmail Tap" app?
Can I add external devices to an Android device?
Can I restart Bluetooth from the terminal?
Rooted HD2 shows unrooted as status
What is Ghost Mode of Superuser Elite?
How can I sync Chrome's bookmarks to Dolphin?
How to rename catalog of ADW Launcher EX?
Why is the Google Calendar website showing my calendar as a guest on events added from the phone?
How to convert pcm/wav to mp3?
Alternative ways to factory reset?
Searching for Android apps
nanddump vs fastboot
Dual booting mobile
Disable screen compatibility mode as a user
My Galaxy Nexus can't hold on to a signal
Samsung Galaxy S 2 Kies update problem: "does not support initialising"
Droid RAZR MAXX encryption downgrades max camera resolution
Photoshop: how can I access other directories beside DCIM?
SD card not detected after re-partitioning it, FAT32 + EXT4
Cable to send audio from iPhone to android phone via TRRS
Intentionally deleted Android system - how do I fix this?
How do I update all my apps with the new Google Play Store?
Switching to TouchNooter home from Stock Home
Battery life depends on type of charger
What is launcher.ebproductions.android.launcher?
Multitouch hardware on Android devices
Any hack to get rid of the "Too many password attempts" lock?
Failure to boot after rooting LG Optimus V and installing CM7
How do I move the gesture button in Dolphin HD?
Android tablet booting issue (Sanei n80)
Recognize and tag mp3s
Is there a way to organize the numbered MP3's from Google Play?
Recover my SuperVault files
How can you prevent a Kindle Fire from auto-mounting on a Mac when you plug it in to USB?
Tablet Market: How to know if a game supports tablet size?
Run X11 natively via Chroot in Android?
Titanium Backup vs Android data backup
Is there a music player that can play music from the Google Music Store as well as Amazon MP3?
Motorola Defy Plus - Apps are automatically closing few minutes after screen switches off
Samsung GT-I5500 hangs after boot
What does "fastboot oem lock" do?
How to localize Android OS for new locale
Cannot connect to Facebook, hosts file seemingly ignored
Change IMAP folder subscriptions on default email client
Stop Bluetooth Auto Sync Contacts to Pioneer Avic Z140
How to check success status of opened URL in Tasker?
Autopublish album in Google+ photos
How can I change the behavior of the volume buttons vs. the orientation of the screen
Disable "vibrate" in lock screen
Galaxy Nexus going into Airplane mode on its own
How can I save contacts on the SIM card alone by default?
Why did the Market app disappear on its own, and how can I get it back?
How can I wipe data with no display ( e.g. magnet )?
is it possible to mask esn of a smartphone?
How to use "street view" in Google maps on Xperia Mini ST15i?
Wireless doesn't work on college campus
Deleted Google Talk on accident
Disable list "bounce" effect on Samsung Galaxy Mini
How to import old SIM contacts to Galaxy Nexus?
Transformer Prime, VPN and password protection
How to set up tablet to use a local DNS server thru VPN rather than Google's DNS?
Cannot install Draw Something on Galaxy Mini GT S5570
Something causes my phone to hang and reboot
How can I get the mobile Version of stackoverflow.com on Evo3D?
Does the HTC One X support GLONASS?
Can't boot my Htc Wildfire S after deleting Sense
Disable LiveWare manager
Access root directory?
Display data usage by application
How to send multiple contacts by email?
Calendar app from google not available
"share via" doesn't offer me mail as an option in some apps, though it does in others
i7500 Unlock Button Broken
HDMI mirroring on non-root EVO
Hide "Successfully Updated" notifications from Google Play/Market
Does Angry Birds and other games have Leaderboard on Android devices?
How can I make anonymous calls for everyone but contact list?
Stop Galaxy S2 from reading homepages out loud?
Stock email client crashing
new account for GMail only
How can I install a missing locale?
Can't install Google Apps
What .apk is missing for my htc wilfire s to be able to boot?
Contacts with and without international extensions
Can adb start my android device that shows up as "offline"?
Gallery app crashes when trying to view photos or videos
What's the risk of installing Cyanogen Mod on unsupported phone?
Is CyanogenMod available in several languages?
How can I go back after flashing an unsuccessful file with no backups in HTC EVO 3D GSM?
Kies won't connect to Galaxy S2
"incompatible" apps through google play market
Are firmware updates secure?
Is there a way to sort apps in Google's app store by size?
Traffic of Opera Mini vs Mobile with Turbo
How to buy application previously downloaded from GetJar?
why is my file system suddenly read only?
how to find application that is opening proccesses
How to connect wired xbox 360 controller to a tablet? (TF Prime)
"install zip from sd card" missing on Samsung Ace
How and when is Android's default browser updated?
Can I install additional languages on Android?
How do I enable Umlauts on "Phone Keypad"-style keyboard?
How do you enable shuffle on the Spotify Android app?
My Android tablet seems to be "read-only"
How can I show someone's name instead of their number when someone calls?
Nexus S OTA 4.0.4 problem?
Where do these strange contacts come from?
My Sensation is running 2.3.4, why hasn't this updated?
HTC One X Video Sync problem
Archos external USB Keyboard
How do I "train" Face Unlock?
How can I install the vanilla Gingerbread launcher?
All portrait pictures are upside down
What kind of app optimizations do newer Android versions do at the first reboot?
Can someone explain how the android GPS Navigation works?
How does ICS deal with Menus on devices with physical buttons?
What is the HTC account you sync on the One X?
Why are my network icons blue?
Nexus S Update 4.0.4 screen sensitivity issue?
How can I save notes taken in the Galaxy Ace's Notes 2.0 application to restore after a system reset?
How to get application id of an installed application?
How to check how much battery the data network is using?
Phone call quality suddenly choppy, even though signal is good
Voice commands, bluetooth, double press home
How can I force 3G only on the Nexus S after the ICS update?
How can I save a thread from Go SMS Pro to my SD card?
Wi Fi Sleep policy doesn't work on Galaxy Mini
Upload and tag video to facebook
Execute Windows Run Command or Some Windows Batch Process from Android
Activity Camera (in application Camera) is not responding
Galaxy Nexus NFC Verizon
How do I cancel a half completed email configuration?
Is there a way to "re-link" all contacts using some button or other procedure?
Is there a desktop / web app to manage Android contact linking?
How does Android contact linking work?
View just the "App" apps, without the games?
Current Android font
How can I check which mobile frequencies my phone supports?
Why do all the directories on my tablet have all these weird numbers?
Do most devices support side-loading?
How can I disable voice commands when double pressing the home button on the Galaxy S 2?
App optimization on every reboot?
Where are drafts saved in gmail android app?
Galaxy S firmware before Value Pack
Phone memory full and it shouldn't be
Google Reader App that fetches the full article content
Where is the gesture button?
Integrate Facebook chat and SMS
ICS App Drawers, how to give them a name?
Backup files from an application for which I forgot unlock pattern
Why does my Samsung Galaxy S keep crashing/slow performance?
Remote path to Angry Birds Space savegames
Why does the STORE button on Amazon Kindle go to the website instead of the in app store?
Samsung Galaxy S 2 doesn't switch on or go into download mode , yellow triangle with exclamation mark
Preinstalled SNS Application
Restoring static boot logo and animation from ClockWorkMod backup for: Android Huawei Ideos X3 (U8510)
Can't Pull Bar to Mount Storage
Does moving apps to the SD card negatively affect performance?
Is there any way to launch an app (and keep the screen on) when a Galaxy Nexus is docked?
adb su permission denied, no rom, rooted, need to fix internal sd card
Who can see how many people have uninstalled an app?
Strange .txt file that has the names of different presidents inside the android system folder
Can't get into Clockworkmod recovery on LG Optimus 2x
How to install new Recovery image from .img file
Do Google Talk and Play Store still require background sync on Ice Cream Sandwich?
Voicemail indicator won't go away
LED wont turn off
Bluetooth error on my Nexus S
How can I set up email (mostly yahoo) so that no matter which device I delete an email on, it will be deleted on the other?
Can Tablets deal with USB Sound Cards? 
Dropbox LAN Sync on Android Device
How to set gmail sync frequency?
Refresh POP Accounts
How can I forward SMS via Jabber (XMPP) to read them on a PC?
Bluetooth audio streaming issues with Droid X
Does Sony always check if the bootloader has been unlocked when repairing the phone?
What are com.sonyericsson.usbux and com.sonyericsson.capabilities?
Are there any other launchers that display a folder's contents instead of the generic icon?
How to root my Epic 4G on mac?
Is there a way to clear your Google Play App history? (Not the search history)
Disable key shadowing?
how do I download jorte calendar on new tablet
Atrix will boot up but unlock screen is unresponsive
How to detect that an app is linked to Play Store or not?
Can I disable MTP mode and just have a regular USB connection?
Apps can't see the light sensor but automatic brightness works anyway?
Call from Skype with front speaker
Can I use my phone as an audio device via Wifi?
How can I use a Bluetooth keyboard with my Android 4.0 phone?
Customize date display format?
How do I disable Instagram notifications?
What is Plain Vanilla Android?
Will a stylus work with my HTC Sensation?
Is there any way to check the backup that android does?
How can Google Maps accurately locate my phone when GPS is disabled?
What happens in background when an app is linked or unlinked to/from Play Store?
How to stop display turn on and consuming battery power, when using Headphones remote control or volume button?
How much does an LCD's backlight drain the battery?
Gmail app not sending Email with attachments
How long does a posted review last on the Android store?
Android USB data/power over audio jack
Galaxy S2 no USB Conenction after firmware update
Android 4.0 ICS in Samsung galaxy R
Sync only one contact group
What are the optimal settings for a video that will be played on a Galaxy Tab 10.1?
How to enable silent mode during calendar events?
How to play hyperlink to mp3 on Android
Not enough storage on android device
Is it possible to upgrade, without rooting, to a version not specifically released for the device?
Quick capture of www URLs to local LIFO stack of hyperlinks?
App ratings adjusted for numbers of votes?
Is it possible to move the status / notification bar or the settings icon?
Determining the cause of a strange "the other side can't hear me" issue
How do I disable the on screen keyboard? I have a USB keyboard attached
Samsung Galaxy S2 bricked?
Kindle on Galaxy tab 7.7 suddenly has no Kindle Store
How do I disable the stock Gallery app?
Unable to associate company's Wi-Fi certificate with our Wi-Fi network
An app that can give a clear overview of what exactly is eating up my phone space?
Can I "clone" my credit card using the Nexus S and Galaxy Nexus's NFC chip? If not, why not?
init.d doesn't get executed
Which downloadable launchers are based on the ICS stock launcher?
could someone please post a screenshot of the default file structure of the sd card for Android 2.3.5? I
is there a way to backup my non-gmail emails from my Evo 2.3.5?
Vpn Client to connect to Windows 7 VPN
Samsung Galaxy S2 Wifi Hotspot Toggle Widget
Backup on . android_secure - Missing Apps on MicroSD
Why does my Iconia A500 occasionally stop responding?
install certificates
Voice dial without Internet connection
Is there an FTP server which supports resuming failed downloads?
contacts storage on android 2.3.5
How long should it take to restore about 100 user apps with Titanium backup?
How to exit from an application which doesn’t exit on press back button?
Why did auto-sync start to upload that much?
Ramos W16 Android Usb driver
How to download photos (of others) from Instagram?
How do Mobile Access Points work?
mobile phone calls on Huawei MediaPad
Unable to uninstall apps
waiting for device Superoot Galaxy Nexus
How do I change the number identification format (to associate with a contact's number)?
Can I make and receive phone calls using a tablet with a SIM card slot in it?
Aborting Bootloader process
USB connection problem
Nook simple touch screensaver in USB mode
Can I make my phone recognize numbers in both international and local forms as equal?
LogCat shows exception in SyncProcessorQueue every 5 seconds
ICS - Automatically syncing all exchange account folders
Why doesn't my Galaxy S2 see my keyboard/mouse?
What are the limitations of syncing PC settings (Firefox) with my Android?
How do I remove the search bar in ICS?
Cannot restore Kies backup after firmware upgrade
Android NIC MAC address changed automatically
View Android phone's call log from PC
How to recover from a bad flash?
How can I delete multiple emails on the HTC One X?
Removing desktop panes on Galaxy Tab 10.1
Is touch accuracy based on a phone's hardware or the application?
When the GPS is enabled but not in use, does it drain battery?
How can I replace the apps in the SGSII's stock launcher dock?
ICS stock email client consumes too much traffic for POP3 accounts
'Failed to access device' when trying to root Samsung Galaxy S 2.3.3 with Heimdall
Self tracking for Android?
Phone boots very slow and restarts by itself
Default calendar doesn't show any calendar; not able to create a new one
What is the best way to get the android sdk reference offline on my android device?
Does FriendCaster have problems with the privacy settings of my friends?
Android added a plus sign before the number, making an undesired international call
Stopping Dolphin Browser Mini from reloading (Question about memory and cache)
How to change the Messaging and keyboard apps to stock ones on LG Optimus Net P690 running Cyanogenmod7?
Enabling AdHoc Networking on ICS to Connect to AdHoc Devices
How do I clear learned words?
What occurs in the background when an application such as Skype is installed e.g. logs, synchronization, etc?
Why is a Google account required when installing applications from the Market?
What does it mean when I select to 'clear data'?
How does the HTC Sensation know it's in a dock?
When a Google account is used to access the Android Market, what information is captured by Google?
If I use free WiFi in a hotspot, can data be easily sniffed?
World clock on lock screen
Apps list on Galaxy Tab 10.1
Does my HTC Wildfire S data cable work with a Samsung Galaxy S2?
Am I overcharging my phone?
Is there an open source or other equilvent to Android Sync Manager?
Why my Galaxy Nexus display is unable to present solid colors?
Can my Google Docs app be secured?
How can I remove Camera app on Cyanogenmod?
Manually changing shared_prefs and forcing app to update to it?
What's causing battery drainage by "Google Services" while packet data is switched on in a 3G dead zone?
How do I speed up Android on Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini?
How can I disable the front status LED when charging my device?
Link to app will not open in Google Play
Is there any reason not lock the CPU frequency to the minimum while the screen is off?
Exchange Calendar Sync can't edit turns reminders on
Can applications be downloaded without a Google Account and without disabling security features?
No numbers on default keyboard
Why is multitasking not behaving properly on my HTC One S?
How to copy all photos in gallery to linux desktop machine?
Get root access without going through replacing things?
Very long boot time on my Galaxy Nexus
"Android.process.media has stopped unexpectedly" error when I boot my Galaxy Nexus
How can I forward a port when using PdaNet?
How can I make a point-to-point VoIP call over Wi-Fi?
How can I train voice recognition on ICS?
How can I fix my touchscreen on my Droid 2 Global?
Can I forward/reply calls/sms to PC?
Can I reinitialize specific core services?
What is cleared when I restart my phone?
Which system process do I block from the internet to prevent ads from showing up?
How can I add an icon to the MIUI home screen?
Should I be worried about applications with weird looking permissions?
What does "Locked Messages" mean?
Use Nook Tablet in the UK
Does ICS Gmail display unread message counts for labels other than Inbox?
Calendar sync with Google Calendar notification time
What's the difference between real dual-touch and fake dual-touch?
Why can I not pull an IPv6 address from T-Mobile?
Why is my Kyocera Echo taking 6 minutes to boot?
Why does Gmail force close when I open it?
How to read my email in a threaded view?
What is the difference between deleting and clearing downloads?
If I download and install a non-market application and then proceed remove it, does it mitigate any security issues?
Motorola Atrix Android 2.3.X Corporate Email Account Already Added or Exists
How can I move apps to the external SD card on LG Optimus 2X P990?
What is the Streaming Decryption setting in Google Drive?
What is Phablet?
Mobile network turns on by itself after Android 4.0.3. update
How do I synchronize my FireFox Bookmarks from my PC to both my android devices?
Why doesn't the 'enter' button send my chat messages on xat.com?
Cant answer the phone
Updating HTC Sensation to Ice Cream Sandwich is stuck in a boot loop
Does firmware affect GPS accuracy?
How can I prevent lag when recording video on HTC Desire S?
Cannot get Android drivers to install on LG Thrill
Wi-Fi doesn't stay connected
Amazon Android App Store International
Is ROM Manager compatible with the Galaxy Nexus?
Why does the Maps application keep launching?
How do I configure Android without using the touch screen?
Macedonian keyboard for Samsung Galaxy Ace
Change android device physical resolution
Buying and Reading Books without Kindle or Nooks apps
Where to add SSH keys to allow connections to remote server on Android?
Why is my device not utilizing all of its available RAM?
"Too many files specified; only takes APK file and verifier file" problem
Tasker and Locale Execute Plugin root command not working in 2.3.5
Can I route a call via SIP based on a phone number?
What are 'dup0' files in the photos folder?
Screen goes dark and phone goes unresponsive whenever I make/receive a call
Can bricking my GT - I9100 damage my antennas?
How can I stop Friendcaster automatically attempting to upload every picture taken on my Samsung Galaxy S2 running Ice Cream Sandwich
Unable to mount from a Mac OS X using sshfs
How do I get my phone to connect the internal SD by USB?
My phone denies certain file types when sending from PC via bluetooth
How do I view only my phone contacts on my Motorola Milestone X2?
Getting Segmentation Fault on recovery
Can you charge a Galaxy Tab 2 7" with a charger from Galaxy Tab 10.1?
ToDo list, with SPECIFIC repeat option
How do I stream my Android screen to my mac?
Where can I find a widget to enable or disable GPRS in my Spice Mi-270 Android handset?
How to use my mac as a bluetooth headset?
Can we watch "live" broadcast videos from YouTube Application
Clear Google Maps search history without removing the cached maps?
Internet from Ubuntu to Android via USB
Install apps to sd card by default
AnkiDroid - How to Left Align Text?
Where's the stock keyboard's predictive dictionary located?
Accessing the internal phone memory by swapping out the SIM card
What countries is Google Play Books available?
how remove duplicate entries in music list (after reset)?
Automatic switching to the strongest Wi-Fi Access Point
Why does my phone keep asking me to select an input method?
Install system.img on Android Phone
How can I install Spotify on a Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9?
Are there USB to LAN adapter that are compatible with Android 4.0?
ADW Launcher (CM7/Desire GSM) old icons keep reappearing/overlapping icons
How can I upgrade to the latest Android version?
Can I completely wipe a Galaxy Nexus
Why is my microSD card not being reconized in Samsung Galaxy S Plus?
Samsung Galaxy S2 upgraded to Ice Cream Sandwich now Bluetooth headphones won't pair
Cannot turn on LG GT540 due to kernel panic
How do I enable the password/pattern lock on HTC 2.3.5 (Sense) mobile?
Connect a portable USB modem (data card) with Samsung Galaxy S II
How to mount the internal storage of the Droid 3?
IEEE 802.1AE (MACSec) support
ezPDF reader: settings to correct jerky page scrolling?
Display turns on at midnight?
Why would /mnt/sdcard/ not appear?
Is there an app like ROM-control for non-AOKP roms?
SMS/Phone validation of Whatsapp/Viber not working on Cyanogenmod 7.2
While listening to music on head set: How to avoid sound playing from phone speakers when push event occurs?
Android detects SIM change – gmail synchronized messages deleted?
Is there a way see if any of the apps on my phone have updates available?
How to download an audio file from a web site?
Samsung Galaxy S2: Autorotation only in stand-by mode
How does Google Play's "Market license check" work?
A music widget that works with Google Music streaming and offline service?
How can I force Chrome Beta to display in landscape mode?
Wi-Fi of Galaxy S2 is not working after ICS update!
Wifi connecting-disabled-connecting loop
What is default GMail setting for: number of days of data to synchronize?
Latest Motorola update burns more battery on RAZR phone idle?
Got weird fullscreen ad when visiting website
Access dropbox on phone instead of installing PC client
Using Google Voice Without Simcard
How do I transfer from HTC SENSE to the computer?
How can I forward texts to my  tablet and reply back?
LG Optimus Pro C660 won't vibrate for SMS
Is Adobe Flash available for ARMv6 devices? 
Is it possible to use android phone as bluetooth headset for ps3?
Re-install settings application.
Android 2.3 Tablet: HDMI using both screens
How can I add a Corporate / Exchange account if there is no option in the "Accounts & Sync" list
Samsung Galaxy Note keyboard software
Google Drive directory synchronisation
App Updates - Are they dependent on Google Market?
How do I remove an app from the "My Android Apps" page?
Connect Samsung S2 with Microsoft exchange server
Clone Android Device
Why does adb work only while the tablet boots?
Turn phone on with ADB or Fastboot?
Does the Asus Transformer Prime GPS extension kit have a USB pass thru to charge the tablet
Can traffic be inspected through WiFi?
Instagram creates a new "Camera" folder, how do I deal with it?
My Beats Audio icon is no longer being displayed during playback
Create an image of entire phone
HD2 crashing on VirtualBox USB
I can barely hear the touch sounds on my Galaxy Nexus ICS
Samsung GT 7.7 hung after charging
Marking an e-mail as unread pops a "new email" notification
Unexpected reboot during app install has left phone with no space
Android Updates: Why Carrier Involvement?
My phone thinks it's charging
Skype integration with the native contacts?
Restoring Nexus S to factory everything
Is there a way to use Go Launcher icons in Folder Organizer?
Is there a way to preserve tabs that were open in Froyo 2.2's stock browser?
Is there an obvious reason FireFox would freeze on my DroidX (2.2 Froyo)?
Is there a way to white-list an app (web browser) so Froyo 2.2 memory manager does NOT kill it?
How to get updates for apps which use Google Play on my Kindle Fire?
Apps only work with Wi-Fi, not with 3G
What are the options for streaming music from PC to phone?
How to turn off notifications for individual apps?
Why does Wi-Fi fail to connect to certain public networks?
How to force-cancel a running download?
Install applications on android market through my computer
Do apps that access gmail only have write access or full gmail access (potential security risk?) 
Can I use my phone as a bluetooth game controller for my computer?
How to set default action handler permanently?
Stuck in Air Plane Mode: How to Force Disabling Air Plane Mode?
How do I empty the Downloads Folder
Is there a way to select multiple files in Astro File Manager
What are ".spmo" files in "dcim/spmo" directory on my SD card?
Is there a way to back up Amazon Market via Titanium Backup without 2Gb backup file size?
Application-specific passwords only work for a short period of time
How to increase headphone loudness beyond 100%?
How do I set a system-wide default browser?
Relationship between a recovery and a ROM
Can anyone explain to me what the % really refers to in the Android system, battery usage?
Rooting GT-i9100G under linux
How can I get the apk file of an app downloaded from Google Play?
Unable to open copied files from computer to device (mount  as disk drive) - HTC Desire S
See YouTube videos in Anaglyph mode
Restoring purchases made with In App Billing
Scheduled Backup of Files / SMS / Contacts to Email
MyTouch bricked
Streaming Amazon Instant Video in HD
Contacts History for SMS Stopped Working
SMS delivery confirmations – are they really deleted?
One click (or easy) way to Root Motorola Droid X with Morotola update 4.5.621
How to size wallpapers to not be cropped on Motorola Xoom WiFi
Configure my Droid 4 to AutoConnect via Bluetooth to my PC?
How can battery usage of Android be at 79%?
WIFI share a reverse tethered connection
How can I set Android Galaxy Ace to only use 3G network?
Galaxy Nexus charges but is never seen by a PC when connected via USB
USB host port via Android accessory protocol adapter
Updated to 1.28 and now my Media Link HD won't connect?
Does wi-fi sleep policy "never" mean that my phone's battery will be drain a lot faster?
Changing the call voicemail timeout period?
Opening Google Search results for music in PowerAMP?
Can I transfer my phone contacts to my Gmail address book for use on my PC?
Install button greyed out on play.google.com
Unsafe certificate protection in Android?
When I plug in earphones into my HTC Desire S, it dials the phone
Disable all non-Wi-Fi Internet connections
How to enable multiple users on Google Talk for Android 2.3.4?
How can I assign a picture for a name-only text sender
Any equivalent to CCleaner for Android?
What does "avoided poor Internet connection" mean?
How to change Exposure when it is not possible
Does ADB push and pull work on non-rooted phones?
Is there an ICS ROM for the Galaxy Tab 10.1 that has camera support?
Opening URLs in Tasker and get HTTP response and content successfully
Connecting to VPN forces having secure screen lock
Problem installing ubuntu on Galaxy S2 ICS
How can I get the fastboot command?
WEP Wifi Connection Problem
Duplicate contact storages
How to hide (to my carrier) the use of VoIP?
Can I install Ice Cream Sandwich on my HTC Wildfire?
Empty spaces in ADW Launcher dockbar
How does rooting work?
Change "me" picture
Does the Samsung Galaxy S Plus support moving applications to the SD card?
Has anyone ever made a plugin for the stock Android browser?
Restoring original 2.2 firmware on Samsung Galaxy Tab GT-P1000L
Is it possible to use a GIF as my wallpaper?
Way to send a barcode via SMS with as little user interaction as possible
I can't update my Nexus S, shows error screen. What to do?
How to disable mobile data on DROID Bionic?
Selecting multiple photos on the HTC One X (AT&T)
Can deleting stock web browser cause problems?
CyanogenMod 7 - can I hide the status bar on the lockscreen?
How can I increase the lock screen delay?
How can I re-install the stock Android 2.2 calendar?
How to install Google Music on a non-US phone?
Remove Account Without Resetting Phone
Backup Samsung Fascinate running ICS, make ODIN-flashable image
How can I format my thumb drive so that I can be read by Samsung Galaxy Tab tablet
Voice Commands vs Voice Search
Why does my HTC Android phone's screen switch on and then off again?
How to use XMPP/Jabber while switching between networks?
"PC Sync" is disabled again in calendar after locked screen
Problem unlocking HTC phone using their  fastboot program
My busybox gets corrupted?
Install Android OS To Other Mobile Phones is Possible?
How to VPN only a single application?
How To Install Froyo on HTC Bravo
How to fix a force close loop on Android with phone access?
What is the downside of using GO SMS Pro and / or Handcent?
Can you overclock an unrooted Galaxy Tab?
How can I digitally merge two sides of stereo into mono sound?
Cannot install or update apps on LG G2x
Enabling geolocation in web browser
Phone is too flat to charge
Is back up to a network folder possible?
Samsung Galaxy Spica won't boot up fully. Just restarts over and over
Revive a dead phone?
How can I stop the bootloader unlock process?
Drive letter for MTP connection under Windows
How to force google reader app to download mp3s
What does the "O2 Menu" app do?
IMEI number publicly displayed whenever connected to Wifi
How can I prevent my media library from disappearing when I unmount the SD card?
How to download and open PDF files?
How do I root Sony Ericsson Xperia Pro (MK16a/i)?
Android 2.2 : How add device admin
How can I open Instagram links inside my Twitter app?
Can you upgrade the RAM of an Android device?
Are contacts from the Google account also stored on the phone?
How to fix bad sector on NAND Flash Memory
Revert contact ringtone to default
"Insufficient storage" when trying to install new app
App to External SD on Samsung I9003
Flashing radio to European G1 via Amon_Ra process: which version of radio 2.22.19.26i is safe for DangerSPL?
ICS Bluetooth Losing Connectivity
What audio file formats does Android support?
How can you enable "Use secure credentials" from the shell
How do I merge SMS threads?
Is it safe to swap SIM cards when the phone is turned on?
Go Sms Pro: "Too many unsent multimedia messages" error
How to upgrade Galaxy Nexus from 4.0.1 to 4.0.4
LG P500 Not Starting After Full Discharge
How can I change my Asus Eee Pad's language from Taiwanese to English?
What is error code 495 on Google Play and the YouTube app?
Why hasn't my Galaxy Nexus received the latest OTA update?
How to limit cache of internet browsers?
Standard email Android 4 client doesn't keep local copy of emails
Can't delete "Layar" app from rooted Samsung 551
How do you load a local ROM with beebdroid?
Internal SD periodically becomes inaccessible
Is there a way to recover deleted photos?
Can mobile websites (not apps) access androids GPS Radio
The UI sounds on my Galaxy Nexus no longer play - how can I re-enable them?
answering machine app on Galaxy Note
Installing RAM Into Your Android Powered Tablet?
How to root but not root Samsung Galaxy Player 5.0
Remove Facebook and Gmail contacts
Does Ice Cream Sandwich support native screen capture?
What determines power management policies in Android?
How can I change the default location for bluetooth file transfers?
Is there a reason why I need to remove my phone's battery after it crashes before I can turn it back on?
Is there a way to set the default stream in the TuneIn Radio app?
How to browse securely, anonymously and without blocks on Android?
Is there a way to use Google location service without tracking my positions constantly in background?
How to fix - SD card works intermittently, rest of the time checks for errors
How to install fastboot drivers?
ICS (Android 4.0.3), Samsung Galaxy S2, Exchange Email
How to lock touchscreen without turning it off?
How to turn off screen without affecting anything else?
USB tethering not working after installing CyanogenMod 7.2 on Samsung Galaxy Ace (GT-5830)
Gtalk audio notifications with the application in focus
Copy Text from SMS pulls wrong text
How does the safe/fastboot/recovery mode differ from the normal as seen from windows pc?
Want to disable album art in music player
S2 not accepting activesync password
How can I play a RealMedia stream?
Android not registering A and PTR records with DNS server
To add widgets from the app drawer, launchers need to be installed in /system. Why?
What is the location of attachments that I download from the Gmail app?
Having difficulty downgrading my Nexus S 4g
Reason SD cards come FAT formated instead of Fat32?
Can installing Android on a Netbook reduce its power consumption?
How to see other partitions using the Terminal Emulator and mount them?
Where does the standard Android Web Browser keep its history files?
How do I secure my Lenovo ThinkPad tablet against thieves when it doesn't have a Kensington lock?
Android 4.0.3 has virtual keyboard with Y key in wrong place?
Odin not recognizing Galaxy Mini
Clock in Combined/Status Bar on ICS tablet overlaps the date when pops up
Cut power to a phone without a removable battery?
Auto retry failed SMS
How can I install ClockworkMod recovery on my Motorola Defy+?
GTalk sound notification doesn't always work
Synchronize a folder in an Android device with a server folder
How can install stock Android 4.0 on my rooted Galaxy S2?
Why does my Android device create a CD-ROM device on my computer?
How can I re-enable my keyguard?
Call waiting beeps
How does an app such as "Plants vs. Zombies Great Wall Edition" get downloaded or purchased on Android?
Does a nandroid backup contain the hboot?
Twitter keeps showing a notification about the same Direct Message
Water-damaged phone no longer shows battery status or recognizes my SIM card
What do I get if I install a custom ROM instead of installing new launcher, new phone app, ...?
WLAN Transfer never over 2MB/s
Can I increase the screen dimming in Android v4?
Mobile AP gives "error" when trying to enable
Can I prevent the off button from locking the device?
Samsung Galaxy Gio network menu
My keyboard is no longer switching languages
Better Autocorrection on Galaxy Note similar to Blackberry?
Nexus S downgrade with Clockwork Mod
Opening PDF drawings with comments
How can I make my Lenovo ThinkPad tablet charge up faster?
How to re-edit /system file to reboot phone?
How to run Cyanogenmod for milestone a853 on emulator?
software update available -- how to find out the details?
Xperia Arc S typing problem while connected to PC?
HSDPA/3G not working and Power off when plugged to charger
Can apps be installed to or otherwise use the external SD card of the Galaxy Tab 2 7.0?
Where to modify the pseudonym used to rate Android apps?
Speech-to-Text Uppercase Letter Problem
Outlook Style Android App
How can I flash ClockWorkMod on my Samsung Galaxy Fit running froyo?
Does Unlocking bootloader affect network lock?
No GPS reception on Asus Slider SL101
Root Nook Color without removing Nook OS
Alarm Clock Plus says wrong temperature; wrong by 20 or more degrees
Autoplay video on device boot
How can I use my PC's keyboard on the Android emulator?
How can I tell if I have ClockworkMod recovery installed?
Android Dumpstate Crash Logs Appearing Randomily
Why my phone does not need to update the password?
How can I give my Samsung Galaxy S2, with ICS, a name?
Google Voice Input special characters and symbols no longer working?
Alternative of CyanogenMod-5 but Android 2.1 for HTC Dream G1
Can I connect my device to a Cisco pix VPN?
How to remove "Scrapbook Photos" from stock Gallery?
How do I make my phone number appear in my friends' phones?
Is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file?
Galaxy Tab P7500 won't boot
Disappearing Icons on Galaxy S2
Backup and restore Android Settings and Application through ADB
Music players that can import M3U playlists?
Mail Insists on Being "Push"
Replace HTC Sense "recent apps" by stock ICS
How can I open the keyboard on my Android tablet?
How can I install Firefox on an Android with no service or Google account?
Connection Timeout on Google Play
Why is CyanogenMod zip not being found when I try to install it?
What determines if a phone will accept a microphone in the audio jack - hardware or software?
Is it possible to leave some apps in the internal memory while using S2E?
Display Text Message on Lock Screen
How to check which app uses GPS on Galaxy Nexus?
Physical (USB) keyboard keeps waking Android ICS tablet from sleep
GPRS/Data only starts after reset
How to make run only a single application with all other application stopped?
Saving a place on Google Maps account
Adding email address from Gmail to Contacts
is there a way to schedule a turn-on-wifi-sync-turn-off-wifi scheduled task for every day at 8am?
What are Cyanogenmod's profiles good for?
How to fast scroll on Chrome Mobile
Issues with automatic update on a rooted Epic 4g touch
Unable to factory reset my HTC Desire S
Test Accelerometer alignment?
How do I get Youtube Links to open in the YouTube app and not a browser?
Can I set up my Galaxy Tab to boot from the external SD card?
Aoson M19 -- Need Device Drivers
How can I restrict a user's ability to modify settings or install apps?
Android voice search doesn't recognize Exchange contacts
Unlock Xperia Play R800i for use with CM9
Calendar in ICS lockscreen
What happened to real time tracking in Latitude?
How to lower OOM value of an app permanently?
Jabber client with old SSL support
How to active the RAM memory which is differents with 512 MB when buying
How To Selectively Update Applications On Google Play?
Screen goes blank during or after the call and does not come back
Android mail client not deleting emails on IMAP server
When making calls the screen turns off
Why does my phone keep forgetting the Default apps?
Is is possible to make a non-rooted Huawei U8110 (T-Mobile Pulse Mini) recognisable by the `adb devices` command on OS X?
How to uninstall an application without removing the user data?
How can I speed up GPS fixes?
Keepass and Chrome Mobile?
False "Internal memory space is low" on tPAD - need a root access
ICS (Samsung Nexus) Calendar Default Event Duration
Aoson M19 -- Device Drivers
How to install ROMs without ClockWorkMod in Huawei U8800
How often app is used?
Is it possible to install ICS in BlackBerry Playbook
setting to unblock installation of applications from PC
Swapping the "home" button functionality
Why does calling my wife's phone go straight to VoiceMail?
How do I unlock my bootloader with Omnius?
Once uninstalled, is data stored by an app on SD card also removed simultaneously?
Force Google Maps to save cached maps on SD card
How to train the battery
Upgrade small-screen phone to Ice Cream Sandwich?
Can't get out of airplane mode: option is greyed out
Transferring Apps from sd card to another sd card(HTC Desire HD)
How can I get videos to play on my Pandigital Multimedia Novel?
How to turn of Google Samsung Nexus Galaxy `3g`/`mobile data usage` warning?
ASUS Slider Sl101 Driver letter access? rather than MTP in Android 4
Samsung Social Hub: How can I view the sent folder running ICS?
adb devices doesn't list Samsung Galaxy S Cyanogenmod 7.1
Phone intermittently not responding to screen touches
"Failed to detect compatible download-mode device" on Mac Lion with Samsung Galaxy S2
Resume play function on standard music app for Galaxy S2?
Showing deciseconds in the homescreen
How can I pause and resume video recording if the stock app does not support this feature?
Galaxy Nexus Official 4.0.4 update and root
How do I back up my phone?
Android Phone SD Card Problem
Google Music Offline Tracks
Is it possible to shutdown or restart a Logitech Revue without pulling the power cord?
Is there a way to change sound profiles based on GPS position?
Tethering Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 (GT-P3110) via Nokia E71
How to tell current frequency band?
After upgrade to Ice Cream Sandwich my Samsung Galaxy S2 camera cannot focus
Will rooting my phone improve its battery life?
Can I update my Nexus One to Android 4.0, and how do I do it?
How to unbrick a HTC Magic?
Gmail gives no option to sync "All Label" label
Where can I download a specific version of an app?
Can you broadcast to a Shoutcast server from Android?
How to disable double tap for page-home on Samsung Galaxy S2?
switch off sound effects, when headphones are connected to phone
Does Android 2.2 log digits dialed during a call, and if so, how can I clear this log?
Android ICS spell checker does not know how to spell (English)?
How do I root my Kyocera Echo? 
HTC Amaze 4G (Videotron) - Is there a way to install Android 4.0?
Exchange ActiveSync on Android: All flavours of Android are not equals
Updating GPlus Signature Error
How do I keep my Android 4.0.3 phone awake when USB connected?
Can I upgrade my HTC Wildfire's processor so I can run Android 2.3?
How can I create a flashable rom from a configured tablet?
Compass north and south are reversed on my Samsung Galaxy 2
Change maximum number of notification icons?
Repeating email notifications
Stroke Patient - Android Ice Cream Sandwich TTS
Can I remotely launch an app on my android phone?
Can I run Ubuntu desktop x86 applications On Ubuntu For Android?
Samsung Galaxy S2 takes a long time to get GPS signal
How do I set up proxy authentication for the entire system without rooting my phone?
Is the Samsung Galaxy S3 interface uglified by Samsung?
Can I schedule a night restore/wipe? Or other management solution
Email sending issue
Google two-step authentication and Android lock screen
S2E/Link2SD and all other apps get corrupted?
Samsung Galaxy s2 stuck on boot screen after an OTA upgrade
HowTo : Android ICS Tethering & sending SMS from desktop
Package error "package file was not signed correctly"  when updating Google+
Where does shared prefrences data are stored in Android device?
Finding out the intents an app uses internally
Wiping out data in Calendar and People?
Automatic Lock Screen prevention if the line is engaged
Cancel Exchange device administrator activation?
How to sync playlist to Samsung Galaxy S3 from Kies?
If I buy a software and change smartphone, should I buy it... AGAIN?
su (sudo) command not found Galaxy S Vibrant
Samsung Galaxy Tab 7" Plus -- adb drivers
Rooting my phone and installing CyanogenMod. Can I ever go back?
Samsung Galaxy S keeps resetting itself on shutting down. How can I stop this?
Transfer many files from android to pc, without usb and wifi
Applications on SD Card disappear: Gingerbread bug or hardware error?
Can I get my car's head-unit to play audio, via USB, from my Galaxy S3?
Preventing installed apps from making calls or sending SMS
"USB Storage" Encryption
Where are my Gmail contacts?
how to stop playing Spotify on my Galaxy Tab
Why can I not access the cyanogenmod zip on my sd card?
Facebook and Tweetdeck
Pair two Bluetooth devices simultaneously
Android tablet gets hot and shuts down
No Turn-by-Turn Directions on Google Navigation
Is it OK to swap batteries while phone is connected to wall charger?
Samsung Galaxy Ace locks automatically when clock application is selected
What is Cyanogenmod KANGs?
How can I make ADW_EX wallpaper stick?
Can I change the hardware button mapping with CM9 (Samsung Galaxy S2)?
Anything that can text geocoords?
How can I easily sort and rate images?
Samsung SII rom update
How do I change the theme, (iconset) on a Galaxy S3 default launcher?
Force shutdown on a Galaxy Nexus?
Why would I need a disk to transfer music?
How can I add routes to VPN
How long does the Android browser keep its history files for?
How do I diagnose a WiFi Error when the phone just reports "Unknown"?
Where did my purchased Apps go when I upgraded my Phone?
ICS upgrade - Contacts freezing on Galaxy S2
Why would the screen to a Droid Razr Maxx randomly break?
ASUS Transformer TF101 freezes on many ROMs
Android customization Galaxy Note
ICS ROM For Galaxy S
ICS messes up Hebrew text display on Galaxy S2
Install company's wireless certificate to Samsung Android 4.0.3. tablet
Media volume automatically goes to zero when removing headphones
Loud Ringer Volume with Incoming Calls?
Maximum SD Speed Class for HTC Desire HD?
Why don't any of the files on my Android tablet show up on my computer when I connect my computer with my Android tablet through USB?
Can I symlink /data?
Does the ICS Email app allow you to get notifications on folders other than inbox?
How can I "split" the virtual keyboard when typing on a large display in landscape mode?
GO Launcher EX: widget lost after reboot
GT-I9000G - updated to ICS, charging using USB - error sim card not detected and unable to detect USB drive
"Unfortunately, Launcher has stopped" error after 4.0.4 OTA Upgrade
How can  I disable screen lock feature temporarily?
Changing   layout of hardware keyboard
Error: "reloc_library cannot locate 'fdatasync'"
Samsung Galaxy S2 GT-I900G - updated to ice cream sandwich - checked task manager - RAM only showing 688 instead of the normal 985
Where can I find the change log for Android 4.0.4?
How to hide updates from market? (Given Titanium backup "detach from market" doesn't work)
Taking pictures using an external (USB) camera on a Samsung Galaxy S2
Boot custom kernel via phone
How do I disable data on my ics xoom LTE?
Google Play Store on a Samsung Galaxy Ace missing
Is there a quick-fix for the Galaxy Nexus when it signals "charging" without beeing connected via USB?
How to root a Samsung I9070 Galaxy S Advance/S II Lite?
Internet - How to stop Popup windows appearing in a small overlay
Why won't my SGS2 allow me to perform device encryption?
Is Hebrew support built into ICS 4.0?
Will my Kindle Fire still work the same with GO Launcher?
How do I re-use my account information on Kindle app?
How to access functions previously assigned to the hardware Search button on HTC Sensation XE
How can I get rid of the low disk space notification?
Size a Wallpaper for Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0
ODIN vs. Nandroid backups?
Apple connectivity with Android devices
Can I install Android on a Samsung B3410W Ch@t?
Android versions without DRM?
Where can I get the stock Android Kernel  configuration for Galaxy S3 running ICS?
Can widgets with settings be moved from one launcher to another?
When Abroad, How To Stop Annoying "Cellular Network Not Found" Popup Prompt?
How to do backups and updates properly with full device encryption?
Change Sim Card Number Galaxy S3
Is there a sound picker app with file browser and audio previews?
Why I have problem downloading iso file in android?
How do I make "Groups" the default view for my contacts?
Is there any study on how which services/sensors consume the battery?
Web browsers returns blank pages. Apps are fine
Notification bar key-binding?
How do i correct my far-too-sensitive proximity sensor?
"Find my iPhone" for Android
Device rooting fails, but doesn't brick?
What does the app "Eduroam fixer" do?
How can I make an Google Talk voice call without hands-free mode?
How can I set custom notifications?
can't update, can't do a factory reset
Why does the Samsung Galaxy Tab2 7.0 have a built in phone app?
How can one access hidden apps on the Samsung Galaxy Tab2 7.0?
An FB Contact name not displaying while calling, Only number shows up
How can I get my compass pointing the right direction?
Where are my Apps gone? Not shown under all apps, in my phone
Vibrate-before-ring
HTC Desire sticky power button
What does "awake" mean?
After ICS, Touch screen is not working when mobile is overheated
How do I automatically save Downloads to a Dropbox folder?
Does moving an app to external (SD) storage also make it write application data and cache to external storage?
Swedish language on my Android (Samsung Galaxy Ace)?
No external storage available - Storage gone
How can I fully factory reset an Optimus 2X P990 with ClockWorkMod?
Is there a way to use an Android tablet as a wifi handsfree device?
Turning off cell broadcast messages in Ice Cream Sandwich
Is there an Android calendar with limited security permissions?
Cannot upgrade Samsung gt-i5800 firmware from 2.1
Samsung's Pen applications under CyanogenMod 9
Using YouTube under Orbot
Android 4.0 devices do not return majority of the discoverable Bluetooth devices
Sony Xperia Arc S, changing the "my number" in contact list?
Is there a way to disable access to certain Settings components?
Transferring Phone Ownership
Disable GPS time synchronization
Mounting as USB drive before syncing?
Why can't I accept calls on my Droid X?
Power saver turns display brighter. Shouldn't it be darker?
SMS Apps as Front-end to Google Voice
Is it possible to use MadWifi on Android given the proper chipsets?
Can (ringer) volume only be locked by hacks/apps or is there a easy way?
Remount writable by all users?
Cannot connect HTC One X to PC
List of open ports on Android
"Internal processing. Please retry to later" What does that mean?
Bluetooth headset kills other audio?
Droid 4, phone icon disappeared and unable to delete calculator icon in its place
Is there a way to make a link to a specific page of a PDF file *on the desktop*?
Japanese language for directions in Google Maps
Lenovo Tablet A1 disable screen lock
rmt_storage keeps polling and spam logcat
Consequences of rooting HTC One X?
Revoke App Permissions Without Root?
How do I configure ADB for the Samsung Galaxy Y?
What are correct file permissions?
Sync birthdays from Facebook to Android contacts
transferring contacts
Command to list partitions?
How to root Coby Kyros - mid7016 tablet
Xperia mini 17i update Android 2.3 to 4.0
Disabling ALL roaming?
Tethering an Toshiba AT100 to a Nokia E71
How to disable company starting screen when the phone is switch on
Why can't I transfer data from my tablet with OTG support to my phone with USB?
Did ICS stop supporting clicking a number in text to dial?
What are the two linked contacts under "Myself"?
Copy Google talk chat messages to clipboard
How to add link2sd to cyanogenmod custom_backup_list.txt?
How can I download the latest ringtones?
How to replace the generic Google TTS service?
Repartitioning HTC Sensation 4GB internal memory for /data?
How to create a bookmark with Repligo?
Mapping bluetooth mouse buttons
Keep screen alive by using camera
List of banned market apps
Clear the "Do not ask again" dialog in Gallery when changing Wallpapers
Why is there a blank white space under some Apps?
Galaxy ace - Can't seem to add a contact without adding them as a Google 'contact'
How to change the device name in Google Play (formerly Android Market)?
How can I log in as root to take the screen shot?
Odd problem with USB tethering: Error 324 (net::ERR_EMPTY_RESPONSE) or Error 102 (net::ERR_CONNECTION_REFUSED)
Samsung Galaxy Ace, data network mode keeps deactivating itself
How can I increase my Samsung Galaxy Tablet 10.1 battery life?
Unable to move files to my SD card - how can I do this?
Is it possible to stop notifications of an OTA update?
Flash_image clockworkmod recovery for Samsung Fascinate
Wi-Fi not working on home router after ICS update (Galaxy S2)
What's wrong with the MHL connector (for HDMI output) on the Samsung Galaxy S3
Convert number in call log to Gmail Contact
In what directory does the Dolphin HD browser store its files?
Battery drains even when plugged in while using Nav app on long road trips
How do I prevent the Browser and Dolphin HD from deleting old history entries?
ES File Explorer suddenly not able to view root?
Galaxy S3 Emails showing in different colours
How to see the back cover referenced on page 2 in Google Books?
How do I disable receiving calls and messages?
Restoring LG Optimus 2X P990 back to stock LG software
HTC One X - recording filters high frequencies
Low space on HTC Desire with CyanoGenMod 7.1: how to solve it?
HTC one X moving to next email
Cannot make changes to specific folder
HTC One X IMAP marking emails as read
What do the 2 pins on the back of the Nexus S do?
Is it possible to directly print from Android?
Auto scrolling PDF reader?
Android failure to boot on LG
Get installed apps as APK within Android?
NVError 0x120002 when flashing system.img to Lenova IdeaPad K1
How to change the font without root in HTC Explorer?
Why / When do I have to log in to Google?
Make Android always ask where to save a file on every download
Partitioned sdcard not working with link2sd
Can someone recommend a ROM and kernel for the Galaxy S2 that works fully?
Upgrade Samsung Galaxy II  to Android 4.0?
How can I set the default Google Drive account used?
What is Blackmart, and is it legitimate?
Is there a PDF/eBook Reader like the "Google Playbook"  Tablet?
Telnet from Linux to Android devices
Why the Galaxy has 25GB instead of 32GB
Browser keyboard refresh shortcut for Android 2.3.7?
Asus Transformer slow charge
Lockscreen on capacitive touchscreen?
How to change search engine language?
Function of back button after opening URL from (Twitter) application
How to remove words from the predictive dictionary in HTC Sense
Add contact without using "Google account"?
TCP/IP tethering over Bluetooth
Get Facebook app to use full screen in Android 2.3?
How do I tether over wifi in rooted Xperia x8?
Google Play Music remove pinned offline music quicker 
Galaxy S3 cell standby is eating my battery
Security options grayed out
Deny the installation of apps or add new accounts (kiosk mode)
How do I know if my device is rooted?
Google Play Music limit amount of space it can take on SD card
Remove time-wasting prompts like "data network mode will be deactivated"
Root and then unroot afterwards?
Screenshots with ICS are 0-byte long
Is there a way to index and search all data on my phone?
change phone properties so I can download an item from Google play?
micro-usb headset on android 2.3
Disable auto formatting of period in SMS?
What is the difference between USB charging and AC charging?
What is this VPN setting good for?
What determines whether something requires wifi vs network internet traffic?
Close app as opposed to letting it run in the background
Problem syncing MS Exchange after ICS update
Flashing an official Samsung galaxy tab kernel
Known issues when installing official google ICS on Galaxy s2
Toshiba Thrive, changing system font
I get no ping repsonse to my phone. Why?
Has anyone flashed an Android build (i.e. a Crespo build) onto a Nexus S phone manually before? How does one do this?
How can I disable shortcuts from being created after install from Google Play?
How to bypass lock screen in Cyanogenmod 7.2
Vibration Intensity
Maintaining apps and setting of one device in sync with another
Enabling WiFi Monitor Mode on HTC Inspire 4G
I can't connect wifi tether network with tablet
Auto-rotate setting disabled permanently on Toshiba AT100
Where does Voice Actions store my "Note to self" recordings?
Internal and External SD card paths on Optimus 2X
Can't mount sdcard from Recovery Mode/Clockworkmod
How can I use passthrough/reverse-tether on the HTC One V with Ubuntu?
Is there a workaround to add recently *used* apps to my recently *launched* apps?
My android device has been splashed/soaked by sea water
Personal Dictionaries
Motorola Triumph - how to decrease internal memory (clear log files)
Root Motorola Defy XT
Enabling Wi-Fi disables 3G service  (ZTE Warp running Shinjitsu 1.5b)
Issue with Touchpal Contacts
Can I use (via wifi only) my original VZW Droid without a voice or data plan?
Can I put an HTC flip clock on the lock screen?
Arnova 10 G2 won't start
Any Android phones that don't support Bluetooth?
Is it possible to use my SD card as ROM and my internal ROM as an additional RAM?
How do I remove delay between ringtones
Is there a way to create new files in Astro FM
What happens with the installed apps when you switch Google Account on a phone?
Galaxy S II - USB debugging not turning off
Performing key combinations in connectbot?
Block unknown callers at work, but let them through if they try again
Android 4 for Galaxy S Advance (GT-I9070)?
Unlock samsung galaxy s2 too many pattern attempts and failed to login in gmail account then reset
Repeated 'Force Close' and no signal - my device is unusable
Can "adb remount" be used on a stock phone (unrooted)?
SGS2 I9100G keeps disconnecting from WIFI after installing firmware XXLPQ
Using an Android phone like a SIP ATA
Looking for android permission details
Is there a way to adjust the size of the text when reading PDF files?
Why is custom recovery a prerequisite for flashing a custom ROM?
Boot hangs after firmware update
How To Disable htcCheckinService?
Does the bootloader need to be unlocked to flash my phone
Remove CWM from Xperia Neo V
Sony Ericsson WT19i doesn't detect my wifi network
All of my launchers keep crashing, my only fix is to factory reset. I need help for backing up valuable data
Can you auto reject phone numbers natively with a Droid phone?
Sync music folders between phone and tablet
Reset texting settings
Change the keyboard at the password unlock screen
Headphone music controls not working correctly
How can I change screen timeout based on whether my phone is/not charging?
Is there any way to stop Google removing apps from the phone?
Does the Google Drive App create a folder that syncs automatically?
Why do phones have default limited user rights (not rooted)?
Search/route with pre-cached google maps?
Wifi shows error on Huawei U8500
When will my device get the Android 4.1 update (Jelly Bean)?
airdroid app FileManager doesn't access to sdCard
Handcent SMS Delay sending feature
Does Huawei u8160 support USB host?
Droid Charge SCH-I510 Memory Dump Crash
Does Swype Beta collects typed passwords?
Stock widget in Apex Launcher
Holo on HTC Vivid
Bad ROM flash - Kindle Fire stuck in boot
unity3d apps crash unexpectedly on Cyanogenmod 7.2
Installing Android on Nokia N96 need help
Uploading and sharing geotagged photos
How can I access data (such as WiFi keys) in an encrypted Titanium backup?
On Maps, Directions, how do I get a route's baseline duration
Does Google Navigation work offline?
How to transfer BlackBerry 9700 contacts to Android phone?
Multiple SMS Threads
How do I find out if an app can be moved to the SD card before I install it?
Is there a weather app that can be moved to an SD card, with a separate widget program?
Do regular Bluetooth keyboards work with Mororola Droid X running Android 2.3?
What's the difference between "cdma_shadow" and "shadow" builds in CyanogenMod 7.2
What controls the Google Maps traffic widget updating "time to arrive"?
Play High-Resolution mp4 Videos on Galaxy Y
Is there any way to sync a subset of my Google Contacts to my Android?
How to fix the infamous Nook Color / Nook Tablet charging USB cable for good?
How do I access .img files with yaffs2?
How to backup Swype personal dictionary?
How to properly close a program in Samsung Galaxy S3?
Battery usage by certain applications
ICS Mount SD all EXT4
How do I sent an "over-sized" video via my Anrdoid?
What are the technical differences between bootloader, recovery, kernel and ROM?
How can I share my screen from Android device to another Android device?
Why sometimes does my lower menu (ADWLauncher - Dockbar) disappears?
Can I use the latest version of ICS gapps without using the latest ICS?
Regression plan upgrading OS from Froyo on GT-P1010
Losing connectivity with my carrier, how can I reconnect?
What Google Talk compatible iOS apps can I recommend to my friends?
Why Headset With Volume Control Functions Different Now And What To Do With Track Skipping Bug?
Can Google services be firewall-filtered (market yes, sync no)?
How is the internal storage of the Galaxy S III allocated?
Xperia x10i complaining "no network connection" in some apps, but not others
Bluetooth 3G modem
Remove TeleNav GPS app from myTouch 4G Slide
Are Google Books DRM protected?
Can I set a tablet to wake up when moved or when I touch the screen?
Disable Google Play Ads in Notification Area?
Is this a virus?
Rooting Motorolla X2 adb shell problem
How to test suspected hardware on Android
Forwarding text messages from an android phone to a TCP port of a PC
Samsung p7510 versus p5110 : what are the main differences?
Contacts synchronisation
Picture attachment download keeps using same file name
Partial adb restore
Does CyanogenMod 7.2 kernel support swap memory?
How do I delete a single calendar in Android (not just hide it)?
MyTouch 4g MMS over Home Wi-Fi
Remove credit card from google wallet, will it affect purchased apps?
Touch Sensitivity
App to show battery current or rate of change of voltage, short term info
does Cyanogenmod 7.2 Madteam release 16/6 on Vodafone 858 support USB host?
Any way to use another name for the external_sdcard folder?
What is a goldcard and how does it work?
How to pull the apks from my android phone
SGS3: I have all LED indicators turned off, still get blue led when gmail sees an email and screen is off
Can I move apps to internal USB storage?
Can the Samsung search key be remapped without rooting?
Mails not marked as read when IMAP Seen flag is set
How to convert a .odex file to a dex file
Sync SMS inbox and Google Voice
Can still sync email after revoking app specific password on gmail
Remotely uninstall apps?
Does disabling 3G while having WiFi save battery?
How to transfer text message backup file to my Samsung Galaxy S III?
Can I have a "force close a specific app" shortcut on my screen?
Can I mark read SMS messages as unread in 2.2?
Cannot create list in evernote
Application connection errors after phone reset
Why phone sometimes (often) goes crazy and constantly lightens up its locked screen?
Why are my contact pictures blurry and how to fix it?
What does the SMS limit per conversation do?
Working root method for myTouch 4G Slide?
Samsung Galaxy S3 direct call always calls the same number
Can I replace the system font just for Japanese text?
How to prevent buttons from activating screen
Does Android use a VPN in background when connecting to Exchange?
Is there a way to perform a memdump of an android device?
Xperia ArcS how to install cyanogen
How to quickly lock screen to landscape?
Can I change system locale by command?
Would Galaxy Nexus US version (unlocked directly from Google Play) work in India
Why can the Nexus 7 display so much more content on-screen than the Galaxy Nexus?
Car Mode suddenly appeared - why? And how do I get rid of it?
How to check if an android device has a wireless card that supports promiscuous or monitor mode?
cat /proc/mtd No such file or directory
Gmail ICS: How do I mark as not spam?
Does Android suffer from the same "over a period of time" performance degradation that OSes like Windows do?
Virtual Sd-card won't transfer
Cannot see my device in Dalvik Debug Monitor
How do I turn on flashmode in Sony Ericsson Ray?
How to update my galaxy s?
Chrome crashes on Acer Iconia A200
How do I make my device dial my phone via Bluetooth?
Contacts app on Tablet with ICS
android video transfer crash
Google contacts in Google+ that have no profile image
Override WhatsApp contact image with the chosen Contact Image
Persistent "Google sign-in" error, even with correct password
web browser / plugin with mouse hover mode
What's the safe limit on charger output for a Galaxy Nexus
Can't move certain apps to my SD card
SwiftKey 3 9-key keyboard?
How to screengrab/film directly from screen?
Connect an Android tablet to ethernet
Galaxy S2 ICS 4.0.3 Wi-Fi connecting but not able to browse
Installing USB driver for Micromax A50
How to upgrade to Jelly Bean (Android 4.1) for an ASUS Transformer TF300 or TF201?
Samsung Galaxy Note does not boot after ICS update
Word Suggestions not working after ICS on AT&T Galaxy S 2
How to root the Xperia Mini ST15i
Is there a way I can use a Galaxy Note on Virgin Mobile?
HTC Desire - Problem writing to /system
Sprint Galaxy Nexus stuck in boot-loop
Galaxy Note and stock Google Calendar app
Problem accessing Internet in 4.0 ICS
Dell Streak 7 stuck on 2.2.2 ("read only" bug?)
Not seeing any notifications in notifications bar except srange icon
Can't scroll using hands - Are there other options?
Android apps keep crashing with android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDiskIOException
Sim contacts on call screen?
What is the purpose of the 3rd on-screen button on a button-less phone?
Why does my android phone gain battery when I turn it off and on again?
Disable incoming gmail/Talk calls
Unable to send a text message
Android Engineering Mode
Object reference not set to an instance of an object. SuperOneClick
Gingerbread,HoneyComb,ICS ROM for Galaxy S
FM radio for Xperia arc S with CyanogenMod?
Cleaning the mess in the contacts
Contacts disappeared after adding new google account
How to make Message app search for phone number, not just email
Strange text messages at five minute intervals with no sender
Dualboot with Boot Manager on Galaxy Nexus
backup MMS in android 1.6
Factory reset an LG P500h
Child-proofing an Android phone?
Find out ROM version
Lost Native Dialer and Contacts App after upgrading to 4.0.3
Why does the Nexus 7 have a notification bar?
Unoffical roms 4.0 or 4.1 for Galaxy Note?
Google Calendar Erroneously Deleting Events
What is the difference between nordic, global, etc. firmware versions?
Can an Android text message set off an alarm?
How to make stock browser stop asking which browser I want to use?
How do I edit my home address for Google Now/Maps/Latitude?
SwiftKey 3 randomly quits giving suggestions?
MAC Address Spoofing Neuropad Ultra
Playing subtitles - and only subtitles - on Android
Why can't I install apps when I have enough storage?
Video Player App for MKV?
My Galaxy Nexus detects wifi signal(at home) but can't connect to it
Android Nexus S Boot Freeze
Deauthorize an app
How to backup the Android calendar file (is there such a file)?
Transferring messages to android from a sqlite db on my laptop
Allshare Cast on Samsung Galaxy S III
Override PlayStore Application Android Minimal version requirement?
Single application tablet possible?
Importing photos finds all image files, not just camera pictures
How can I get exchange email subfolders on my Samsung Galaxy S3?
Can I use a radio firmware for GB (2.3.6) for my SGS1 (GT-I9000) if I have ICS installed?
Can I change (or add more apps to) the unlock screen in Ice Cream Sandwich?
Choppy playback of HD video on Jellybean
my battery charge indicator is continually flashing on and off
Samsung Kies program on my PC can't restore contacts to Samsung Galaxy S
How to mount system in rw mode if no custom recovery
USB To 3.5mm Jack mircophone
Which .iso to download to install Android on my home PC?
Is there any Vanilla ICS ROM for Galaxy Note?
64 digit Hex WiFi passphrase doesn't seem to get accepted
Where can I find out when I installed an app?
Sony XPeria Arc: How force DNS resolution with a specific host?
Android Market not working after factory data reset
How can I display Exchange sub folders with the native mail application?
Can I save my htc desire if the battery is dead?
Ice Cream Sandwich email app on Droid RAZR won't autofill all contacts
Fix a damaged microsd card?
Adding (lots of) icons to home screen on ICS tablet
Find carrier allocated public IP address
Unable to access text messaging after updating to ICS
How to configure Show Owner Info on Lock Screen on Galaxy S2 / Android 4.0.3?
Apps won't install (silently fail after 100% downloaded)
Disabling the 5 GhZ wifi band on the HTC One X
Default email app to combined inbox?
Galaxy Note apps on stock Android
Is there a fix for intermittent "[app name] succesfully updated" notifications?
Phone log shows numbers not Exchange Contact Names
Play a live YouTube stream in the YouTube app
"Charging paused. Voltage too high" on Samsung Galaxy S2 after upgrading to ICS
How to switch Input Method / keyboard?
face recognition as password
Locked out of Android Vortex MID *permission denied with ADB
HTC Incredible 2 clearing "App Associations" on reboot - why?
Add functionality to home button?
Google Listen doesn't register Play/Pause commands after upgrade to ICS
How to upgrade Samsung Galaxy S2 to ICS?
How do I upgrade my Galaxy i5510 2.2 froyo to 2.3 Gingerbread?
How can I see a list of my unrated apps?
Recommended Modem for Israel/Middle East with CM9 for GS II
Could you indicate me a PDF reader for android with a fit visible feature?
How to make an Android device to display complex rendering of Indic characters?
How can I access files on a Seagate GoFlex Satellite wifi or Kingston Wi-Drive?
How can I sync Google Calendar to my tablet with Android 4.0.3?
Update from app store stuck on "downloading.."
Android Ice Cream Sandwich Performance on HTC Vision / Desire Z
Droid X2 constantly changing USB mode to PC mode
How to find out if my Device's Kernel has Loop Device Support
Deleting Pictures through adb - Yet They Remain in Gallery
Taking screen captures on Galaxy SII with ICS
Can Android phones restrict background syncing to secure WiFi connections?
Can I update my android system although the USB port is broken?
HTC Desire - where are my photos
I lost my phone but need to find it's IMEI. What places can I look?
How can I automatically disable the onscreen keyboard when a Bluetooth keyboard is connected?
Turn-by-turn navigation screen orientation
Download Google Play Apps from Computer?
Join/Merge external SD with internal SD card?
App can't be moved to SD card
swiping music player does not kill the process?
Facebook for HTC Sense not working
Screen keeps black after official upate for Samsung Galaxy S3
Able to play only few mp4 files in Samsung Galaxy Y?
Can I set my HTC Desire into sync-mode without using touch screen
Unbricking HTC Desire HD - really need some help here!
Samsung Galaxy Ace - HID Bluetooth Keyboard Connection?
Motorola Triumph & HyperShell in Titanium Backup
Is there a way to force an app to remain running in the background no matter what?
Accidentally accepted update, how can I abort before it actually installs?
Why is the NFC in the Galaxy Nexus battery?
Unable to set tablet display mode to HDMI
Does Google Navigation Live Traffic reroute during the journey?
MTP mode instead of charging with plugged in wall charger
My nfc-enabled android-phone won't read a rfid key I own, why and what can I do about it?
Certificate Install without mandatory PIN lockscreen
Are there any ROMs (other than CM and MIUI) for the HP Touchpad?
Alert Dialog List View Shows White Text on White?
How to move applications to external memory card on ICS
Tell HTC EVO browser to always "select all" when moving to URL field
Edit new calendar entries on AT&T samsung galaxy s2 using android 4.0.3
Why does the Android device connect to a secured wireless router without providing a password?
Can I sync my Chrome bookmarks with my Android phone?
Is there a way to route all traffic from Android through a proxy/tunnel to my Tomato router?
LogMeIn Hamachi VPN
Disable emoticons
Gmail stuck on "Waiting for sync"
How to disable automatic picture upload to Google+
What can I do when my GPS doesn't work (or if my tablet doesn't have GPS)?
galaxy s3 - clicking/crackling sound when button is pressed on headset
Delete a folder in my home screen Android 4.0, Aquos?
How do I invoke "su" from a terminal prompt?
How do I recover the Dolphin Sonar icon?
Does Android have a "device driver" architecture?
How to put android 4.1 (jelly bean) on nook color
How do I get the camera of the Lenovo ThinkPad to stop making a sound when I take a picture?
Shaking notification bar
Unable to Sync Evernote?
GO SMS conversation grouping by number, not contact
Micromax Funbook tablet frozen at boot screen. No clockwork mod recovery - how to restore?
How much user-available memory do you need?
WiFi connection loss on Galaxy S2 I9100G
Why does my Galaxy S3 make a noise when I put it down?
How to find saved wifi password?
Reset battery status after changing battery?
Is there a way to make the Gingerbread notification behave like ICS?
Why does android ignore my etc/hosts change in the browser?
Why can't I re-install YouTube? Error message: "Duplicate provider authority"
New TF300 is not showing anything on the screen
Who are responsible for pushing out the OTA updates?
Why are individual apps not listed in my battery usage statistics?
How can I create a downloadable file with my contact info
How do music players survive hot reboot?
What launchers support Tasker's Go Home to a paticular page?
What does "H" mean in the signal indicator?
Application or software by which we can access tablet or mobile remotely over internet?
what is the use of VPN Connection in Android phone?
Turning on Wi-Fi on demand
Can I use an external bluetooth mic for android applications?
Jelly Bean's Offline Voice Typing APK
Android updates for Nexus bought from Amazon
Creating and handling an encrypted folder on sd-card for unrooted devices
How do I backup data (SMS/contacts) from a device with a broken screen?
Installing ICS or JellyBeans on Sony Xperia U
Can I use Android's Holo theme on versions earlier than Ice Cream Sandwich?
Install WhatsApp on Android running under Virtualbox
Root Gone but still works for many Apps
Is the Google branded Galaxy Nexus HSPA+ the same as GT-I9250?
Call Log or now called Recent Calls
Can apps be controlled through adb?
Has the copy/paste functionality been removed in the RAZR Maxx's Ice Cream Sandwich update?
How do I make older images in my /sdcard/DCIM folder show up in Gallery?
How do, or can you hide account contacts on the Galaxy S III?
Skype randomly crashes on Android 2.1update1
Can I see what apps I own that have been pulled from the market by developers?
Instagram notifications on my PHONE
How to have a long Standby and Battery -life?
How to migrate app configs from S2 to S3
Can a non-rooted Android 4.0.3 smartphone’s ROM be backed up?
How to do Factory Reset
Samsung Galaxy Y won't connect to the computer
Does modifying read cache on my SD card also affect the speed of reading my Ext3 partition?
How to disable Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and Camera permanently?
How can I minimize Applications in Android?
Why my phone is always out of space recently, but I didn't install any new software
ICS email app, SSL certificates crash bug
How to make an application to ignore updates?
Alternative to Photosync to sync pictures into Picasa
Flash support for Jellybean (4.1)
What's a secure way to message/talk to someone in CM9?
How can I record phone calls on Motorola Atrix 4G?
Automatically replace app after opening APK
HTC Desire HD Crash on Photo click
Kies unable to connect to Samsung Galaxy S3 after rooting
How can I determine what is a normal USB transfer speed for my Android phone?
Is there a way to control which audio is sent to Bluetooth and which is sent to system speaker?
How to only get Gmail notification with certain tag(s)?
Google Drive’s image recognition on Android 4.1 demo available on older versions?
Unable to download from an authenticated webserver
Where are extra keyword tags for photos stored?
landscape mode on home screen without using any launcher
"Button: Camera" and "USB Plugged" not working for Tasker?
How can I use my internal storage as extra RAM?
Swap partition not working on Huawei U8160 running CyanogenMod 7.2
Can I run ICS on the Samsung Galaxy S+ I9001?
How can I tell if an app can be a "link" target?
google.com redirected after xpressconnect installed
Disabled Background Data notification
Change "Audio Applications" in Notification Bar
Enabling wireless tools on Android
How do I change the default sms font size? (ICS)
Gmail not being retrieved automatically
Disable the default browser in ICS
Install Android apps in Kindle fire with Jelly Bean 4.1
Completely "Mute" my Android Phone?
Does Android support the single-user mode runlevel?
Beginner's questions on tweaking non-branded Android phone (rooting, update recovery, update rom)
Problems sending MMS
How can I remotely change the volume?
Force widgetlocker theme's default image?
How does Android determine which apps are "social networking" apps for data usage purposes?
Foreign phone, stuck on 2G
Google Currents vs Google Reader
Factory reset (including USB storage) prompts for password after I already typed it in
Will I lose any apps / data if I upgrade my phone's OS?
Galaxy S3 Active Sync is not working, any help?
What if I accidentally checked CDMA/LTE instead of GSM/HPA+ in the Galaxy Nexus Root Toolkit?
What is the difference between AOSP/vanilla and stock?
Why Do I Need to Wipe Dalvik Cache?
Google play login different GSM carriers
Audible Caller ID on Galaxy S3
Tablets being able to make calls
can i get a froyo 2.2 or other latest android OS which i can put on my samsung omnia i900 with all bluetooth, wifi, cdma and other phone features?
Reply-by-SMS with Google Voice
Offline HTML5 apps
How to stop a text received from splitting up?
Camera app that takes picture as soon as it has focus
How to transfer files over WiFi without a hotspot?
How to connect ADB over 3G/4G?
Accessing the Android Phones SMS and other feature via Data Cable
I can't install or update Apps from Play Store: Error 905. How to fix?
The Way Numbers Are Displayed/Broken Up
What is the matrix.txt file on my SD card? Is it safe to delete?
All Unity 3D games result in "Force Close"
Will an Asus Transformer Prime bought in the U.S. work in Portugal?
Taking screenshots on Samsung Galaxy Nexus with Jelly Bean
Google Maps constantly requesting location
What factors does PowerTutor measure to show energy consumption?
Recover deleted content from userdata partition?
Troubleshoot/ Tune Android performance / speed
My SIM is not recognized after installing Cyanogenmod; what should I do?
Samsung Galaxy S3 - after AT&T over the wire update - google search doesn't find installed apps
Messaging contacts color change
Can I force a message to be sent as an MMS?
PTP (“connect as camera”) no longer working after update
Are there Andoid versions > 2.3 for my Sony Xperia ST25i (as of July 2012)?
Manually upgrade Galaxy Nexus 4.0.4 (yakjuxw) to 4.1
adb push and mount problems
Securing Memory Card?
How to prevent apps running in background
Finding a way to create a WLAN between tablet and phone
Getting call options such as skype/viber again
How to open .conf files with File Expert?
How safe is it to upgrade my galaxy s2 phone to Ice Cream Sandwich?
Is there an app for searching installed apps? (Dumb Search alternative)
Where is "Stay Awake" option in Ice Cream Sandwich on the Galaxy S3?
Reset skytex primer pocket
Is there a (decentralized) open source "Google Latitude" alternative?
Android app keeps Screen on, how to let it go *OFF* against app settings?
Jelly bean voice search not talking back
Jelly Bean on the Galaxy Nexus - forcing an update?
Access Company Directory on Samsung S3
Is it possible to add an audio bluetooth profile to my phone?
I want to restore my Galaxy Tab 10.1 to Factory settings?
How to push and install APK files from a PC over Internet?
How to add root permission to some app by myself?
Back button does not light-up when I press home button
Is there any way to change the size of the text box in Messaging?
Are SMS messages queued or discarded when there's no signal?
Method to change browser User Agent based on site
Android Tablet - Download PDF and open it on browser
Global Address Lookups on Galaxy SIII
Samsung Galaxy Tab mass deployment
Installation in system/app without root
Does android keep a log of when it starts?
Inbox messages auto remove once read Samsung s3
How do I keep my headphone jack from disabling my bluetooth speakerphone in my car?
Phone number shown as unknown. Always says sender is invalid
Disable system "tick" sound
Google Play does not work on Samsung S3 (GT-I9300) purchased in China Unicom
Proxy/tunneling options for the Android platform
What does "Quick Upload" do?
No screen lightup on email/notification/reminder
Determining support for Bluetooth Low Energy
Preventing syncing of Google+ contacts to Galaxy S3
Jelly Bean offline voice recognition
Google+ instant upload screenshots
Connectify not working properly?
Android boot-up messages for debugging?
Questions about phone migration using rsync
Google Play Store disappeared from my phone
Is it possible to connect a USB stick to Samsung Galaxy S2 Phone?
Stop Google Talk from signing in
Problem with Facebook sync - All instead of existing
Power being eaten by screen usage
How can I execute a script on the SD card and be able to pass arguments to it?
Is there a way to write a full vCard via NFC?
Samsung Galaxy S3 Latest Firmware Contacts App Lag Issue
mediascanner scan from system directory /data
Nexus 7 capacitive buttons and display
Whats ODIN mode in Galaxy Tab 2?
How to find out the variant of my Galaxy Nexus?
How to update my Vodafone 858 Smart?
Can't create folder with Android file transfer on MAC
What is internal and external storage?
Can I convert my Xoom 3G firmware to Xoom WiFi or otherwise use the WiFi version of Jelly Bean?
Can I flash CyanogenMod without unlocking bootloader?
Extract boot.img
Package file is invalid
Latest Cyanogenmod doesn't want to be rooted?
Can't access Recovery Menu Milestone a853
Why has my Samsung Galaxy S2 become a data hog?
No calendar notifications after gingerbread on galaxy s 4G
Google Maps disable prefetcher service
Android PandaBoard: Linux terminal output for debugging?
Up and down arrows in adb shell
How can I customize what notifications show up on my notifications bar (RAZR MAXX running ICS)?
Apps I never installed appear in web store under "Other apps in my library"
Can I manually download my wifi settings to my Android device from my Google account?
Stream media from Play Store on Android To PC
Is there a way to block permissions for other applications on Jelly Bean?
Droid2 Fastboot
Which version of clockwork recovery creates backups as a tar files?
I think my kid's Eee Pad has malware. How do I get rid of it?
Internal memory decreased even if no apps is installed
Nexus 7 screen is flickering
TLS required but not supported by server
How to connect a different phone to the "Nexus One Desktop Dock"
How To Track My Stolen Phone Without Usin Wifi
How can I make the Galaxy S3 detect media on my sdcard?
A more comprehensive list of Voice Actions keywords?
Disable ads in applications?
Phone interrupted during update
Dialling with favorites
Motorola Razr MTP error
SMS thread retrieval
Can Android be installed on the new Win8-Intel Ultrabooks slated to come out late-12 early-13
Slide to answer is not working on HTC Wildfire S
Installing Android Market/Google Play on non-rooted Kindle Fire
How do I check if Tasker is the application in focus using a Tasker profile?
All communication apps show "Unfortunately, X has stopped."?
How to see the device list of a given Google account
Where is the SMS "Drafts" folder on the Xperia Play?
Documentation for adb shell getevent / sendevent
How to force Contacts to respect "File as" (or "NickName") field for sorting and display?
How to workaround "no network => go away" in programs?
Does Swype have custom auto replace?
Is the kernel flashed automatically from CWM?
How can I answer a call using the HOME button in CyanogenMod 9?
Words are not clear on my Samsung Galaxy Y phone?
Upgrading hboot fails: signature verify fail
ICS silence on lockscreen
Looking for list of USB OTG/USB Host officially supported in Android devices (allow connect USB sticks, etc) NON-rooted
How can I use my Galaxy Nexus as an external USB storage drive?
How to manually update apps
Is it possible to change password on the phone itself for gmail/market/other google apps?
My Huawei u8160 is restarting automatically
How can I tether my phone's network to my pc?
Share Links via Bluetooth without it being converted to HTML?
I've deleted Google Play Store. How can I reinstall it?
Calendar app gone after flashing
Youtube App Version 4.0.8E crashes on open
Android voice recorder with unlimited recording time
Is it safe to wipe boot?
Isn't Factory Reset exactly the same as wiping /data and /cache?
Why does my Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc LT15a reboot itself and not even load the home screen?
What is an "odex" app?
Duplicate Corporate Sync Account "Null"
Is it possible to play sound in mono?
How to improve image quality in Firefox when using Sprint Tethering?
Is there a good way to find out why an Android phone hangs?
Is there a way to search for a number in Google without interrupting the call?
What causes dead zones on digitizer?
Is there a solution to get the stock ICS Dialer and People apps with Touchwiz devices?
Phone thinks it is charging when not plugged in
Is it possible to improve word suggestions?
The power button on my Galaxy Nexus stopped working
Google Now and pronouncing/recognising contact names
Backup my Android without my Apps, Settings, Config's, etc.
Battery Savers with the Android 4.0
Android keyboard behaviour changed after updated to Jelly Bean
Reset battery history after unplugging charger?
Phantom notifications of Galaxy Note driving me nuts
Find lost device without Gmail account configured and without SIM card
Remove duplicate contact information
What exactly is the advantage of 11 pin MHL connector in Samsung Galaxy S3
Local Address Book
Can't buy any paid apps on Google Play store, shows "An error occurred. Please try again."
How to run an SFTP server on my CM9 RC2 Galaxy Nexus
How can I get the QuickContactBadge to show an action for sending Instant Messages?
"Application cannot be installed in the default install location" error while updating
How can I see which applications eat up disk space?
GMail "All Mail" not showing anything from last 30 days on Nexus 7 or Nexus 10
How do I determine which A2DP codecs my phone supports/is currently using?
Motorola Atrix 2 native camera app failing
Why is Google Music preinstalled outside of the US?
Is there a way to select text directly in Android?
Does Android's Full Filesystem Encryption also Encrypt the SDcard?
Samsung Galaxy S2 wifi - Connected but no internet
My new phone came with super user but I didn't root it
YouTube to XBMC using Airplay
Samsung Galaxy S3 WiFi Connectivity Problems with SOME Wireless Networks
How can I make Google Now ignore some calendars for appointment reminders?
Application keyboard shortcuts
Connecting Android Devices to Windows 7 via Bluetooth
Does the Android emulator generate some sort of log file I can access if it crashes?
How do you name a folder on the home screen (Gingerbread, HTC Incredible)?
What is the difference between the email app and the gmail app?
Strange icons and notifications, is there a malware in my phone?
Is there a known custom Android ROM without apps bloating
Debugging bootloop: Get an information log without ADB? Can an emulator help?
Samsung galaxy SIII is there a way to add a new call ring?
Jelly Bean OTA Update failing on Nexus S ("assert failed")
Ringer and Notification Volume
Cannot take pictures without SD card inserted. Any solutions?
Trying to solve Problem: Huge Contacts Database
How to get a more Linux like experience on Android?
Reasonable OneNote alternative for Android
How to automatically enable WLAN when an app requests location info?
What Trusted Root CAs are included in Android by default?
Bluetooth file transfers from Sony Arc S always get interrupted
Stop sideway movement of menu revealed from top
What's the difference between Android Beam vs S Beam?
Force debug in safe mode via USB?
Can I delete Zinio pdf files?
Samsung Tab P7500. How to upgrade to Ice Cream Sandwich?
Where can I find a list of the default emoticons on Ice Cream Sandwich?
Download Archive of Old Google Apps (APKs) for G1 (1.6 Donut)
How to provide Internect connection via proxy server in Emulator
Can I monitor my phones temperature?
HTC Wildfire won't boot
Using External Bluetooth dongle in ICS 4.0.3 Tablet
Mobile data limiter keeps enabling itself
Changing android.os.build.serial
How to manage Android's filesystem from a Mac?
Stop Media Playback through adb
Why does my myTouch 4G lose battery so fast?
YouTube 3D on Nexus 7
Stereo audio input on any Android device?
Disable 'end call' tone?
Wi-Fi won't work on Motorola Droid
How do you test the disk integrity of your Android tablet's file system?
Where Can I Get The Latest GApps (Google services framework)?
Android: POP3-only email clients without mandatory SMTP settings?
Are there any alternate mirrors for downloading Android Source
How do I prompt the user for "Device Administrator" on Tasker?
Is there a reason Google Reader drains this much battery?
USB transfer speed ridiculously slow
Auto-Enhance Multiple Photos In Gallery?
Strange (unfamilar screen) on my Galaxy Tab?
How do I use Google Talk with only one Google account?
Navigation Buttons (Back, Home, Menu, etc.) in the Notification/Statusbar?
Doing a clean install of Android on a Nexus phone or tablet
Is the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10 really incapable of connecting to ad hoc Wi-Fi?
If I root my Asus Transformer, will I still get and install the manufacture updates?
How can I deal with unwanted system applications without rooting?
Why does my Nexus S not see the Jelly Bean update?
Removing Apps from "Other apps in my library" in Google Play?
How to I force a bluetooth connection with a paired device while that device is currently connected with another paired device?
Why are all contacts grayed out in Google Talk?
Why does my phone keep telling me it has low storage?
Android USB tethering to an OpenWRT router
Local web proxy à la Privoxy?
Side-loaded Face-Unlock not working
How to set Home country for Google Now?
Camera app is missing from my Galaxy Nexus
Duplicate calendar entries presumably caused by Google's calendar sync
How do I end a voicemail call?
Download stuck in Gmail
Leave ear-speaker active when using headset (cable/bt)
Back up sdcard to cloud
View WordPress images in Android Gallery
Customizing the formatting of phone numbers
Unable to update Samsung S3
Is there an app/tool/setting for reading tiny websites?
Strange/troubling behavior when putting phone in car dock
Problem connecting Nexus 7 as mass storage device on Windows 7
Connect JUST as charging
Connect to laptop's localhost websites
How can I undo the "Do Not Ask Again" for bluetooth contacts?
Do some running apps not show in Task Manager?
Use Android Phone like an iPod Touch (without SIM)
USB synchronization security issues
Is there a way to log into and root my device without using ADB?
Reduce message textbox size
Can I set a default address in the "To:" header for outgoing mails in the EMail app?
Show battery percentage on Nexus 7 (Jelly Bean)
Headphone Volume buttons do not work
How to I upgrade my Galaxy Fit from 2.2 to 2.3 using Ubuntu?
How to partial sync Dropbox contents to my device?
How do I semi-automatically guess Wifi passwords?
Where can I check how much Internet bandwidth did my HTC Desire use?
Unable to view videos - Message: "sorry, video cannot be played"
Make calls directly from contacts
Missing Exchange Mail Sub-folders
Can Google Play be installed on Andoid Virtual Device, running API 10 (Android 2.3.3)?
Android devices shows up in wrong account on Google Dashboard
How to make "poor man's roaming" by proxying cell calls to SIP or Skype?
Installing G2X firmware on the LG P990 O2X?
How can I upload photos from my Android (4.1) to Picasa without resizing to 2048 resolution?
Does ROM Manager need S-OFF?
Still visible after I deleted my WhatsApp account
How do I remove corporate administrator settings?
Do I need to "unroot" my Evo 3D to get the ICS update?
Can't figure out how to play steaming video from a url with MoboPlayer
PIM alternative to Outlook that syncs through USB?
Restore contacts from nandroid backup
Samsung Galaxy Ace - Disconnects from some networks
How do you find out what changes there are in new firmware?
Samsung GS3 (SPH-i710) exchange server repeated security update notification
How to preserve BTEP data when switching from Amazon App Store to Play Store?
How to create a safe copy of every new photo/video right after shooting?
Push notification on Samsung Galaxy Note (GT-I717)
Motorola Atrix 4g force close error
How can I replace stock download manager that Google Play uses?
The size of the MMS message
Is there a way to turn off translation in Google Play
Should I run a factory reset on my phone to speed it up?
Android phone has Wi-Fi troubles after subnet change
Corrupted 16GB Samsung micro SD card
Transfer all Contacts in Phone and Sim to Google Contacts
How do I sideload Google Wallet onto my Verizon Galaxy Nexus?
How to fix this Google+ sync problem?
Can Android extract zip files?
Swype flashing on and off
How to ensure that the data traffic is going over the VPN connection?
Google Play Music offline files cannot be found
Prepend phone numbers with a calling card dial in number
Moved microSD from droid to droid 4 but apps don't show
Will flashing a custom ROM on my Galaxy Nexus device wipe my data?
How can I set up a new Outlook.com account using a Hotmail account?
Touch enabled monitors and Android
Why does HTC Incredible S on Android 4 not always switch the screen on?
A simple explanation of CWM and Odin
How can I install CWM Recovery on my Galaxy Note?
How do I download app's APK file from Market to my desktop computer?
What is the basic functionality behind the Odin buttons & checkboxes?
Disable 4.1.1 camera slide effect
How can I root my Samsung Galaxy S3? Should I defer the system update?
How do I avoid the server-specified security policies for my work e-mail?
Migrating SMSes from Windows Mobile to Android phone
How can I establish an AD-HOC Wi-Fi connection on my tablet?
How do I get my Android phone to speak text in the navigation voice?
Unable to boot Android in a multiboot PC configuration
Huge "system data" file on SD card
GPS stopped working after update
Periodic Nexus 7 touch responsiveness issue
On it's own, my Verizon Droid Razr (recently with ICS), went into debug mode. How do I get it out of debug mode?
Why did my phone lose the ringtone configuration?
SD Card fills up with GPS/*.txt files
Is there a way  to compare networks in terms of internet connection?
Failed to find init.goldfish.rc
Wifi access point with USB-OTG ethernet?
Can I customize the list of text messages that I can send when I slide to 'Text' instead of 'Answer' for an incoming call?
sipdroid - Multiple call handling
Android Jelly Bean 4.1.1 on Galaxy Nexus showing droid
If I encrypt my phone will I still be able to load custom ROMs?
Can I get a notification when an email arrives in a sub folder?
Reasons for MMS to fail while sending?
Is there an easy way to switch render effects?
Minimized Apps: Do they consume more battery?
What is the application space limit on Galaxy Nexus?
Can USB charging (via mains adapter or from PC/Mac) of Android tablets be the main, primary method of charging? Or are there design issues?
Restore Android Samsung Galaxy S Captivate SGH-I896 back to original installation
How do I prevent a system update from occurring?
Does camera clarity vary with to the app?
"Charging paused. Battery temperature too high" while connected to car charger
Is there a way to evaluate Android apps in a browser (like Pieceable for Android)?
How to flash CyanogenMod with external SD card?
"Read Later" for Twitter posts with fewest taps possible
Where does Google Play store its ebooks on an Android device?
Do ALL stock Verizon Droid RAZRs have the full Developer Optionc menu on System Settings?
How can I interface a 23 inch touch screen to a beagleboard?
Too little memory in Android NAND ROMs. Cannot install apps!
v6 Supercharger with Multitask Manager and Tag Home Launchers
Retry System Update Not Working
Root Samsung Epic Galaxy 4G (SPH-D700) on FC09 Gingerbread?
Calls with speakerphone input and headphone output on Nexus One
Samsung Galaxy S3 with fastboot
Video stream from Android phone to laptop over the internet
Allow wifi weak signal connect
What exactly are DRM keys?
Email won't stay deleted
Changing app drawer wallpaper in Jelly Bean?
Direct dial/message shortcuts ambiguously displayed on Galaxy S3
How to get Tasker CPU options available on MT4GS?
Nexus 7 ignores apple-touch-icon
Large gaps between home screen icons, can it be reduced?
Why does my screen still turn off while charging?
What is this "wvm" file, and can I get rid of it?
Support for Ultra High Speed MicroSD cards
How do I get photos in Gallery on my phone to show up on/sync with my Nexus 7?
Google Play: Error downloading app - insufficient space
How to reset the device information in Google Play Store?
IPsec PSK - VPN connection not working in android Phones
Google Talk contact list shows fewer contacts than my PC IM client
How to connect laptop to internet via Galaxy S2?
How to connect an android device to a VPN?
No data connection for 2G/3G on Xperia U
How to hide the top page navigation on tablet home screen?
Titanium backup shortcut/widget to toggle app freeze
How do I know if the person I'm chatting to on Google Talk is using Android?
How to partition SD card in HTC One X?
Which music players support DAAP?
Something is secretly eating up my Acer Iconia A500 internal memory and I need help finding it
Trigger WiFi hotspot based on known WiFi availability or location
How to enable NFC on Galaxy Note I717 for lockscreen/screen off use?
Exchange sync "Incorrect user name or password"
Forgot my Android Login Pattern
I keep getting alerted regarding unread Facebook messages even though there is none
Import SMSes from Nokia 6300
Is it possible to have multiple instances of the same app (logged in to different accounts)?
Using Google Voice with Android phone and a SIP appliance (Obi)
Installing original OS on Samsung s3
Can I configure Google Play to see App Reviews in several languages?
Does unlocking a phone from a Network allow manufacturer updates?
Where are cached email messages stored in the Gmail app?
How To Fix Broken Contacts Storage (Droid 3 v2.3.4)?
Is it possible to change the text bubbles on the s3?
How do I view apk information in Mac OS X?
How to Screenshot Of the Screen on Samsung Galaxy S 2?
My Samsung Galaxy tab 2 (7.0) can't see 5ghz networks
Chinese-bought Samsung Galaxy S2 has a very limited language list
Nexus 7 System error 'show low battery logo'
How to configure BlueStack AppPlayer to use Proxy settings when connecting to Network?
Is it possible to output audio from the speakers while a Bluetooth headset is connected?
What is the /cache partition?
Offline city map with directions and public transport?
Android 2.3.5 unlock screen activated unexpectedly
Phone says it's unable to conference calls
How can I get small parts of Cyanogenmod like sound files?
ad on statusbar
Having a look at the contents of the Phone Memory?
Mounting and Unmounting of Memory Card just by touch?
Multiple Pattern Locks at the same point of time
I need a way to trace GPS trails in the background
Application doesn't get installed : insufficient storage available
Where can I find official statistics of most downloaded android app in play market?
How can I change file permissions on Jelly Bean?
Ringtones and alarms changes randomly
Why my phone battery has four terminal? what is the use of the fourth?
phone mounts as media device not usb storage
FakeGGSearch.a - Lookout found a virus on my Android Phone
any pdf reader with annotation feature (open source)?
Searching for factory image of NTT DOCOMO GALAXY Nexus?
can't get the exact position in Map
WinSCP for android equivalent
Looking for a way to shrink the size of MP3 files
Is it possible to perform a complete reinstall on an Android smartphone?
Why can't the su binary simply be copied (techical response please)
Disabling the "Wi-Fi networks available" on Samsung Galaxy S II (Sprint Epic Touch 4G) on ICS
Tablet apps sounds does not work anymore
Why doesn't ATT Samsung Galaxy S2 detect ICS update OTA and how to update?
Wi-Fi issues with HTC Desire S
Is there a way to disable voice search?
Is there really no spell check on the built-in keyboard?
What are the /firmware and /efs partitions on Samsung devices
Export photos from Galaxy Nexus (w/ Jelly Bean) to Win 7
How do I enter commute details in Google Now?
Writing structured text documents
How can I get a random image on my lockscreen?
How can I change the default app that opens when double tapping the screen of my Galaxy note with the S Pen?
Difference between ways of rooting device
How can I not show profile pics in Whatsapp?
Problems rooting Samsung Galaxy S: SuperOneClick stops responding at step 7
Samsung S3 i9300 rooted with Heimdall.  Am I able to unroot with ODIN?
Contact Images location
How can Iget different sounds for different notifications?
Prevent Google Talk from being signed in all the time
BackupManager causing my phone to reboot
Why are there so many different Android kernels (technical answer please)
How do I reinstall MediaScannerService?
Do I need root to flash a ROM onto a Samsung device?
Set up portrait video output from Galaxy Nexus
Cyanogen mod 7.2.0 keyboard backlight not working properly
What is the /config file in the android root directory used for?
Renamed Google Apps User and Sync. How to reconfigure?
How to edit the home dock icons (shortcuts) on TouchWiz 4.0 ICS
How to set up Google Apps Gmail on an Android -phone?
Galaxy phone turns on every minute for no reason
J2ME emulator that works for ICS?
why don't events added to Samsung Galaxy S3 get shown in my Google calendar?
Battery life cut in half recently - DrReadUsbStatus issue?
Connecting an Android device to a Windows network
Set up an automated SMS server with Android (and a computer)?
Can I turn off autocomplete/autocorrect for Google Maps?
Facebook non-official app for contact sync
Is there a device that will keep me from losing my Android phone?
Bricked Droid Razr while trying to flash a custom ROM, Safestrap gone
Would a full back up (from recovery) preserve all data including installed apps?
How can I fix my lined screen on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1?
Installation error on android - out of storage
Does Android have a 2.1GB file size limit?
What happens when I connect a 2 amp charger instead of the 0.7 amp charger provided?
Huawei IME and input language
How do I determine which calendar entry is breaking my Android calendar sync?
Accessing Tor on Android device via a virtual wifi network
Samsung Galaxy S i897 not detected by PC
Shell script to kill custom apps, run another app then restart killed apps?
How to get maps for off-line usage?
Displaying the lock-screen clock on the home screen
Remember wifi password but never automatically connect
Cannot play videos in any browser only in player
Jelly Bean OTA fails on Galaxy Nexus, how to fix?
Transfer of files and apps from old sd card to new sdcard
Download YouTube Videos from Mobile?
My Galaxy S has had a software upgrade and now it only types digits on the 3 x 4 keypad
Android disk encryption - using as a removable device
Can receive but not send emails
SSH (and SFTP) server on Android discoverable through avahi/bonjour
Unable to dismiss calender alerts on Droid RAZR after 4.0.4 update
In Android Is it possible to access the physical layer of 2G/3G to transmit voice/data
Are there any legitimate ways to watch NFL season on Android without cable/satellite subscription?
Can I prevent ICS browser from using CPU while in the background (without back-button exiting)?
Camera - Using the flash to illuminate in camera mode?
How can I deal with mass texts from an Apple phone when using an Android phone?
How to know if a Galaxy Note is a real one?
App searches in wrong directory
How can I use su again after OTA-upgrading my rooted phone?
How do I display/see the Valid List in a Google spreadsheet on Android device?
pin request at the startup lock screen
Bluetooth hands-free profile
How do I enter recovery mode on my Motorola Milestone 2 to unbrick it?
Samsung galaxy S3 phonenumber sync facebook
How to log and visualize resource usage stats (to identify resource hogs)?
What is a good guide that shows new Android users how to properly backup and Flash a new ROM?
HTC Sensation XE's Voice Command missing after updating to ice cream sandwich?
Does "make offline" option in Google Maps works with applications that utilize Google Maps?
Downloading PDF file from browser
What information is more reliable -- battery capacity or stand-by time?
Low Signal Strength after Firmware Upgrade
Which consumes less battery: Wi-Fi or 2G data?
Problems accessing message logs on Jelly Bean with aLogcat
Get rid of 'battery-low' popup after some delay?
How do I get these toggles in my notification bar?
Galaxy S2 mixing up contact shortcuts after exchange password change
Tap off raw RF data from antenna
Can Galaxy S2 ICS be updated to enable spell-checker without rooting?
Is S Voice slow?
HTML5 geolocation does not work with GPS in stock browser
Unwanted Toast Notifications
Android update not proceeding beyond the point of earlier cancellation
Premature editing interruption and keyboard disappearance when typing text
Does Xperia Mini have automatic camera flash?
How to load public route into Google Maps?
Prevent ICS From Mounting USB Storage
How do I get the Google Plus app to ignore videos I loaded onto my phone?
How can I boot my Nexus S with a broken power button? Can only boot to "Do not turn off target"
How can I track my days activities on Android (Similar to Track and Share on iPhone)?
open-gpstracker: Export all tracks or access the SQLite database
How to retrieve Android contacts from Galaxy S3 to Windows 7 on a non rooted phone
Does rooting mean I will always run my device as root?
How to restore the official firmware on Samsung Galaxy Note?
UDP multicast with reverse tethering
How can I make the stock browser continue running while the screen is off?
Changing the voice used on Nexus 7 for Google Now search
Why GPS is never found?
Trying to install ADB USB Drivers, but Nexus is never appearing in Device Manager
How do I root my device with Mac OS X?
Why does Android have antivirus apps while iOS does not?
Is it possible for my mobile carrier to track my wifi usage and bill me accordingly?
Where is current wallpaper stored on Jellybean?
Switch ROMs, still seamlessly use Apps and its data
Galaxy ace camera app does not open and shows warning:  ErrorMessageHandler.handleMessage(-1)
Why has my micro SD card suddenly stopped working in my Samsung Galaxy SIII?
Repeating Outlook calendar appointment on Android 2.3 calendar
Why can't my phone find pictures or music files suddenly?
Enable/Disable automatic SD card installations in android phone
ICS Photo editor weird behavior
Does Bluetooth drain power when it's not in use?
How can I attach a file to an MMS message?
Some features of Chrome for Android cause it to crash to the homescreen
Can Android devices access an iOS file system via USB-OTG?
How do you turn off all cellular communication but leave things like bluetooth and wifi enabled?
Where to find a PIN lock screen that scrambles the keypad on every use?
Will there be 4.0 (ICS) Android version for i9000 phones?
Do I need internet/3G to use GPS?
Locking individual files on micro sd card
What exactly is framework-res.apk
Get root or re-install the OS without a USB cable?
Can my Android device become - remotely and without my permission - a wiretap and get used as surveillance device?
Can I run Samsung apps (app market from Samsung) without a SIM and mobile connection?
what does "flash recovery" mean?
How to access Android APKs without rooting
Haptic Feedback with Gingerbread on Samsung Galaxy mini 2
How can I add and edit bookmarks within a PDF on Android?
Ext4 partition clockworkmod recovery backup
Android emulator reports 0x501 error while using GPU Emulation with OpenGL ES
Is there a quicker way to turn on WiFi Hotspot?
How can I install the Google Apps Package (Play Store, ...) on my Android device?
How can I control which apps are able to use the data connection while roaming?
Unable to move few Apps to SD Card
How can I automate the Hotspot login process?
Android phone discharges when it has 20%
How can I monitor and visualize the current resource usage (CPU, Memory, etc.) caused by the running Apps?
Sharing internet from PC (reverse-tethering) with hotspot mode
Will the uninstalling of apps leave file cruft in the root (Android's subsystem)?
Galaxy Tab P1000 shows a phone <-> PC symbol and is not responding after flashing
Will installing CM9 on Xperia PLAY, lose its Playstation power?
email setup couldn't finish - couldn't open connection to server
Stock email client doesn't load email + images (screens provided)
ROM Manager: What is the difference between the MTD and the non MTD versions (e.g. "Samsung GalaxyS i9000 (MTD)")?
How can I save the maps downloaded from Offline Maps in Google Maps for reusing after a factory reset?
Galaxy S2 - Accessing Internal phone memory in Recovery Mode
Server Error! Play Store failing
Although I was told to charge my Android device before first use, it was already charged. Have I been given a phone rejected by someone else?
Android 4.04: Default Silent Mode to Mute
How can I  transform/convert my  voice while making a call?
Is it possible to change the LED notification color on Galaxy S3?
Google Voice in Android to make cheap international calls like on Desktop through Google Wallet?
Why won't my Samsung Galaxy Ace let me update my apps?
Does the Google Nexus 7 support external keyboards?
How can I schedule tasks?
Automatically un-mount SDCard safely when device is rebooted or turned off?
What does HBOOT mean?
Do all apps have a demo/trial version?
Nexus 7 doesn't have sdcard folder when connected to PC
skullcandy earbuds with mic
How to use a logical disk partition as an SD card in Android-x86
Lenovo Ideapad A1 , dead, not working, no charge led
Arabic support for my Android device
Set your own contact photo on huawei ascend 2?
Do Samsung tablets have the same USB connector as Apple's iPad?
zoom on an android tv?
Running applications from a terminal emulator
How can I exclude an App (camera) from the recent Apps list?
Can't access Internal SD Card
Samsung Galaxy S in boot loop after following cyanogen mod's full update guide
How to dual boot Ubuntu on Asus Eee Pad Slider (SL101)?
Disable calendar to sync events to exchange server
File bluetooth visibilty default on
VNC client with mouse capture
Tab stays on 216mhz instead of Deep Sleep
After update to Jelly Bean I am asked to select the E-Mail protocol. Which one should I choose?
Can I merge two, or more, separate Titanium backups
Why do I get phone storage is getting low when I've un-installed almost all apps?
SE x10 will no longer boot
Free Alternatives to "Titanium Backup Pro"
Sense 4: How to add items to pull down menu?
Getting total CPU time of a process
How to flash Samsung devices from a GNU/Linux host running on ARM architecture?
How to connect SPICE MI 310 to eclipse Android Device Manager?
Root Android then Restore Factory Defaults
What else is occupying my android phone's internal space
Is there any way to manually bring up the keyboard?
Any way to boost Wi-Fi on Nexus 7?
l2_hsic prevents my device from Deep Sleep. How to fix it?
Galaxy S2 SPH-D710 Exchange ActiveSync Settings & Mail Disappear? 4.0.4 Sprint
Why is the transformer Jelly Bean update being staggered geographically?
Does installing and re-installing my own app affect my app's rating/ranking?
Exchange Active Sync email on Galaxy 10.1 disappears.
Bricked my Asus TF300T? Manual JB update
How can I study or prepare myself for an exam with the help of my Android device?
How can I bulk install apps with Play Store or App-Brain?
"Android OS" is continuously downloading something in the background, how can I stop that?
At what application size does android add the WiFi tag to it?
Android "Internal Storage" used but not reported
Will I lose root with the AT&T OTA 3.0 update?
How to unroot a GSM Galaxy Nexus without reverting to the stock ROM
Can I build an APK from an installed app and its data?
Faster CPU means higher battery consumption?
Syncing Facebook contacts to Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean
Using Laptop's internet on Android Phone
Installed Galaxy S3 ROM on Galaxy S2
Is there a way to have Google Reader sync much more aggressively?
type "adb shell su" in terminal (cmd in win or console in Linux ) let the terminal hang
Samsung Kies not connecting with phone
How to print a webpage from my Android phone?
How to take Motorola Photon 4g out of the grave?
Jelly Bean IMAP, Couldn't open connection to server
Android as a Virtual Printer
How to “adb connect” to Samsung Galaxy Tab (P3100)?
Tablet not recognized as removable storage
Use tablet as a Wi-Fi handsfree device?
Samsung Galaxy S3 Exchange Email Problem when cc'd
Everything gets saved to the phone instead of SD card
If I install something from Google Play, can I be sure it can uninstall itself?
Certain Wi-Fi network not available on Motorola Milestone with Cyanogenmod
Tamil Font problem in Android device
Keeping an app in memory
Why Android can't be just mounted?
No audio out with headphones
How can I determine my Galaxy Nexus model variant?
When installing a custom ROM, why reboot before installing other modifications?
Can't find low battery threshold setting (Samsung Galaxy S3)
Does Huawei Honor support silent camera mode in Ice Cream Sandwich?
How to quickly change the language in the latest Swype beta?
Avoid reload when activating browser
How to control the file system on Android from Win7 file explorer?
Trouble with Wi-Fi on GSM Galaxy Nexus running Jelly Bean
How to configure Google Now's notification time?
Icon keeps disappearing from app drawer in CM9
Nexus 7 won't boot after being powered down...unless plugged in
Play music from Android to Airplay receiver
Move Nokia Backup (NBF) contents to Android Phone
Shortening URLs using goo.gl and Tasker
How to set android as internet gateway for my home network
Disable automatic screen turn-off during call
How to fully backup non-rooted devices?
Why the play store prompts "no network connection" while I use reverse USB tethering?
How to manually upload ringtones and notifications to DroidX?
Can I turn off Google/Google+ notifications on Samsung Galaxy S3?
Resetting Galaxy S 3 to factory default ICS
Load only small subset of messages
Rotate 180 degrees screen in HTC Desire HD with ICS from Blackout team
Does the sd-ext partition get wiped out after flashing a different ROM?
How Android VNC server receiving key/mouse events from VNC clients
Pause Android LogCat output
How to transfer files between Galaxy S3 and HTC one x using NFC
Loss of Image quality when set as lock screen or home screen wallpaper
App site with reliable ratings + comments?
clockwork recovery not working
Cannot copy files in recovery mode which made Google nexus S unusable
No internet connection after sleep although Wi-Fi connected and working well, Android Samsung Galaxy S I9000
Nexus 7 stuck in a boot loop
transfer files from Mac to nexus 7 via bluetooth?
Is it possible to do an advanced compare of two apps based on instalation history?
Can I lock android phone to one network if it is unlocked?
Where are android drivers located in the system?
What do "faster GPS fix" apps do?
If I 'adb push' a file to /system/xbin, will it persistent?
Poor battery after update to Android 4.0.3
What is the clockworkmod blobs folder good for?
Shortcut to turn Wi-Fi on/off on Samsung Galaxy Nexus?
Android limited to 1 hour video recording?
Samsung Galaxy S Advance Continuous Focus in Video Recording
Installing custom ROM on HTC phones over Fastboot or ADB
Screen goes back to home screen frequently, after Data Network enable
Looking for software to create an exact copy of the memory card
Trim list of sharing apps in ICS
Motorola Defy recovery and reboot problems
Desire stuck in Boot Loop After mod install
Can I put a Galaxy Note on Virgin Mobile (US)?
Trusting the manufacturer like Google Play
Is there currently an easy way to root Sony Xperia S with stock ICS 4.0.4 ROM?
Can I record a Skype call (audio and voice) using a Samsung Galaxy S3?
Ctrl+Click to open in new tab
Will Dropbox delete files from my online storage?
Bring HTC Wildfire back to the original rom
How to show password while typing?
Attach webcam to android tablet, is it possible?
Android in app purchase issue: You already own this item
How to disable desktop scroll wrap?
How to disable vibration on widget drop?
Using Android phone as Bluetooth headset to PC
How can I edit/remove my pictures in Android -devices on desktop?
How do you extract an App's data from a full backup made through "adb backup"?
Will this audio/video cable work with a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1?
Phone stuck on Google logo after trying to install Jelly Bean
Inconsistent UIDS and wiping a data partition
Forcing applications (games) to run at a low resolution
during reboot stuck on "Samsung" logo
How can I save all contacts into google account?
Cannot set up a yahoo email account with @yahoo.com.au address (.au not accepted)
Find-and-Replace on contacts
Using another name on the e-mail address of a contact
How can I merge duplicated contacts that are different only in one letter?
Free Wi-Fi network: how to autoaccept (robotic click) wifi policy web page?
Would it be possible to use the SD card as the root filesystem
How to find out the UID of a given file/folder?
How to debug a battery issue?
How can I install an app if I have inconsistent UIDs and the market app crashes?
Why my (unrooted) /data partition appears to be empty?
Is Wi-Fi always favoured over other data connections?
How do I enable USB tethering on a JellyBean device?
University network crashes phone
ADB Shell command that can test MLS / SPC codes?
Can I download large downloads on the PC?
HTML5 games for OUYA?
Why can't android connect to an ad hoc hotspot?
Change WCDMA to GSM automatically
Galaxy S Advance Network Issues
Will the WWE region RUU version work for my region?
Using software keyboard in AOSP custom build emulator
How to reset Wi-Fi settings?
How can I monitor the device battery consumption?
Wi-Fi and 3G connections auto enable after upgrade to ICS 4.0.3
Is there a way to trigger the menu in Play Books without a menu button?
Find my Android from an App
What is the average maximum file size (by default) for incoming email on the Android?
How is it that Rooting is always possible?
Is it possible to add home screens to a Sony Xperia?
Escape key on bluetooth keyboard
How do I stream internal audio from Windows 7 to Android for free?
Non default browser for specific web page
Nexus One crashes with 32GB SD card
What happens to the battery during bootloader/recovery?
After removing old system app and installing the new version, it forces close
Android running tweetdeck notifications when not running
How to change the frequency of Google Play update checks?
Changing language from hardware keyboard in ASUS Eee Pad Transformer TF300T
How can you stop your phone from saving contacts to your sim?
Samsung Galaxy S stuck in boot loop when 100% charged
How to toggle wi-fi, gps etc quickly in HTC Sense?
Android and Windows 7 Homegroup
CM 7.2 Default Calendar View & Back Button Behavior
How can I check if installed apps are latest versions?
What is the most effective way to disable ads in an Android app?
Charging paused. Battery temperature too high or too low
Unregister device in Google Play
Obtaining root by modifying default.prop(ro.secure)?
How to copy wireless networks list from one android device to another?
Using Apple Lossless with Google Play Music
How can I enable auto-rotate for the home screen?
How to make camera start faster
Rooting Stock Firmware - GSII with NFC
How to install ClockworkMOD Recovery on Sony Xperia Neo V (MT11a)?
Android tethering via bluetooth keeps disconnecting
How can I get Android 4.0.4 on my XPERIA Neo V?
How to assign my home button function to a custom launcher?
What is the fastest way to transfer huge files beween two android powered devices?
Install CA without having to activate screen lock
Is it possible to run a Firmware Over The Air update server?
How to display several RTSP streams at once?
Configure power control in notification pane
how to access A2DP profile on Thunderbolt
Hack ICS browser to restore "menu button exposes URL field"
Find lost acer android tablet without a tracker installed
Tagging photos when importing them from my Galaxy Note
Problem opening VCF files on tf300
Galaxy Nexus bluetooth keyboard connectbot
Will I have to reset my Nexus 7?
Why is Caller ID not working since 4.0.4 update on Droid 4?
Can't access tethered server from Android browser. (Time out  or "URL blocked")
Custom Kernels on Stock ROMs?
Importing contacts from SIM card results in only mobile numbers, and no home numbers
How to change file associations in Android?
Tethering using bluetooth via Galaxy Nexus to Galaxy Tab 7(P1000) tablet
Do Android Default apps (phone, browser,...) support NFC?
USB charging in host mode
Where can I confirm that my HTC One XL is evita model?
Galaxy Mini hangs at boot - how can I fix it?
My Huawei u8160(Vodafone 858) supports usb-host although not working?
My Mac doesn't recognize my Galaxy S2 through USB
View app's full package name?
Why CWM gets wiped after reboot on Samsung Galaxy Note?
Archive SMS messages, without extra permissions
Preventing Application Startup
Why does stock email app only keep 25 latest emails?
How to check internet connection every xx minutes and log the result?
What is involved in upgrading Android to a later version, if the manufacturer no longer supports the device?
How to replace system font of a Galaxy Tab 7.7?
How to sync Thunderbird calendar on laptop with calendar on Samsung Galaxy S III
What if I don't want my music on the cloud?
How can I edit/produce themed videos on Android (e.g. iMovie for Android)?
Wrong length displayed for audio file
What does the ambient light sensor look like?
Auto-update security
Enable notification badges on the Galaxy S III
Adding web shortcuts with icons similar to chrome's new tab thumbnails
Play Store showing wrong HTC phone type
Where to find the official Cyanogenmod release notes?
Why do I need to remove my battery periodically to fix phone problems?
Clickable phone number with pauses and bridge/extension in calendar event
How do I migrate from one SD card to another one?
How do I root Sony Ericsson Xperia Neo V?
Disable password hiding globally
Setup Exchange OWA / Activesync on Android or iPhone
Can I use a external Bluetooth Adapter on an Android Tablet without internal bluetooth?
Galaxy Note 4.0.4 upgrade failure
How to view the files on mnt\sdcard on PC and how to set default download and save location
Google Voice Number Displayed on Phone?
How active should I expect my Jelly Bean system log file to be?
Increase vibrate strength
How can I access android log files on my Nexus 7 without root access?
Samsung S3: Only retrieve "contact with number" in contact search
Samsung Galaxy S shuts down automatically
How to enable adbd to listen to a port at boot time in Android?
How to control my device from HTTP?
Bought a cheap android tablet, how can I install GMail, Play Store and the other Google apps?
Samsung Galaxy Player has music in folder, not playing
I deleted my only launcher
Android tablet not connecting to Wi-Fi while previously did
Can any Android device be set to not auto power-off?
How to root Teac Tc-7120
How to delete backups made using Clockworkmod?
Package file is invalid
Selectively restrict sync for some applications to wifi only
Closing applications
Does 'poor' reception deplete the battery quicker?
Using Android only with Outlook and not Google Calendar
How to export bookmarks from default android browser?
How did I get my Nexus 7 homescreen into landscape?
File servers for Android?
Facebook message notification
Accessing a web server running in Android emulator from my local machine
Bookmark current song
Uninstall the applications provided by the company
What Android OS version is on the Kindle Fire HD?
Adding an extra tab in the ICS Launcher
Rooting an unbranded tablet
SMS-draft on incoming call
Limit YouTube to Wi-Fi only
Remap menu key to multitasking
Android mail client using Exchange Web Services?
Does Google Play have a podcast feature?
Can I buy apps from the play store without having an Android phone?
Power button not working. Phone wont boot?
How to restore my IMEI on Galaxy S if I don't have a backup of /efs?
How can I easily edit / add contacts to my phone book without them showing on Google?
DualBoot CM7 and CM9 for HTC Desire Z?
How to make point to point VOIP call between two Android devices?
How to turn off vibration during a factory reset?
How do I reset the fade effect on ICS?
How do I run an application on my phone from my PC?
Why does HTC Incredible not update?
Phone doesn't ring or show missed call, later a voicemail appears
Removing stock browser on Jelly Bean
Set a particular browser as "always"
how long does an OTA update normally take?
When I back out of an app is it still using up my data?
Remove Snooze -button in Android Alarm-lock
Have a widget activating something in an app?
Which specific storage space is low, when getting "Low Space" on Samsung Galaxy S?
cannot mount sdext for link2sd?
widgets not working when app is moved to sd card
ICS disable sound/vibrate when keys pressed
Force Trebuchet to reload my widgets?
What does ROM Manager consume so much internal storage for
LG Optimus 2X ICS Rom
Is there a TODO app with nested todo lists?
SD card will not format within Android therefore cannot mount. Works fine on laptop
images blurry in stock browser
Ankidroid -- What does the rectangular button in the action bar mean?
Sony Xperia Pro is stuck in bootloop. How to fix?
Looking for an app for "boosting" dark photos
Email-client with Sent emails from many emails under IMAP?
Bootlooped Samsung galaxy s2 t989D
Battery Life and First Time Charging on Li-ion Batteries. Myth?
Internet Connection disabled automatically on Samsung Galaxy Ace
Inconsistent battery status and poor battery performance after ICS update on HTC Sensation 4G
Restrict background data for Facebook, but notifications still coming in
How to change color of entities shown in Google map?
Hide labels side panel in Gmail for tablet
View email previews on lock screen?
What way of controlling volume is more battery efficient?
Can I wipe my phone even if I use it for 2-step verification?
Will charging a smartphone while it is in a case lead to damage?
How can I format a flash drive using terminal emulator?
Are there intents for controlling Cyanogenmod profiles?
Does applying an OTA update remove rooted apps?
Change language for one application (Google Now voice recognition, root available)
My phone is giving inaccurate readings of battery level
How to read documents in RTF file type?
Is there any way to access Google Plus Messenger history?
Cannot connect to internet within WhatsApp in Android emulator
Samsung Galaxy S2 Join contact Conflict
Youtube Preload limit?
Set two languages simultaneously for the stock keyboard?
Running out of Memory while installing SPB Shell 3D APK
How do keep all my inbox received emails on my Galaxy 3
Is NTFS file system supported on Huawei u8160?
can sony xperia u(st25i) 's otg be connected to external power?
What happened to my detailed battery stats on my Asus Transformer Pad?
Sync Exchange Contacts Subfolders with Android
How is the Gmail password stored in Android - and where?
Firm Gmail, i.e. Google Apps -email, with K9 -email program?
All emails under K9 -app?
Sync to my own server for contacts, sms and notes?
No files accessible after upgrade to CM10
Is my phone's GPS limited by US regulations?
Which hardware sensors are supported by Android?
Manually starting wpa_supplicant
Locating lost android device in home
Which directories can I remove in internal SD in Galaxy SII w/ Cyanogenmod?
Changing file permissions with root, will they remain if I unroot?
How can I find out the make and model of the chips in my device?
NTFS file system supported although portable hard drive doesn't mount?
Droid Bionic screen won't auto shut off when plugged in
Pin lock screen - avoid pressing ok
In ICS 4.0.3 using ADWLauncher EX, how can I make only three home screens instead of five?
I have to set the phone to silent twice to make it "stick". How can I do it after once set?
How does the App "Battery Repair" work?
Is recalibrating the battery after flashing a new ROM really neccessary, and if yes, why?
PC Suite For Android Galaxy S3 I9300
Why "media seems to be more than allowed space and cannot be uploaded" and how to get fast uploading of images to social sites such as Twitter?
How do I add a phone number to contacts from the text message app?
adb listing all forwarded ports
Replying to the original tweeter in a retweet in TweetCaster?
Micro-USB headphone support in Android
Cannot receive calls but can make calls on my tablet HCL ME Y2
How do I save an address in Google Navigate?
Changing Google Play from French to English
fastboot does not discover my device
Examples of application, used Android Backup Services
How to synchronize Chrome web history on different Android devices?
Why can't I have flash_image working?
Wi-Fi connection dropping
Sync Chrome Mobile with Desktop Firefox?
Private setting in standard calendar from ICS
How do I test that proximity sensor on Galaxy Nexus works as expected
Which service provides Facebook notifications and how to disable it to use mobile network
Does a MIUI-Phone work in Europe?
Add rotation toggle to powerbutton menu?
Successfully activated USB host mode using terminal emulator; now mass storage won't work
Unknown Host - Emulator network config question
Persist Background Process Limit setting
Reduce delay when waking up the phone
How to limit data usage of individual apps?
TCPView for Android
How can I tell CWM to perform a full backup instead of an incremental backup?
How to clear/wipe an Android phone before selling it?
Install your own software
How can I test my ePub files in Android emulator?
I don't know how to sync contacts between my phonebook on Samsung Galaxy Europa i5500 and Gmail?
Where the system updates get installed in HTC explorer?
Information regarding /proc file system
How to prevent applications from discovering my phone as being Rooted
Is there a in-built setting to login to public hotspots?
If I put mkfs.ext3 file from another Linux system on my android ,will it work?
Disallow JavaScript Setting
How can I close Skype so that it stops running?
How can I use a custom prefix for international calls?
Change the number of home screen panels in Android
Google Play Store App error
Reading fixed-layout ePubs
How can I move dalvik cache to a custom location(permanently)?
Update Android on non famous manufacture Android Phone
Set my phone contacts to sync to Google not Google to phone
Flash a smartphone with vanilla Android ROM
Physical keyboard bindings?
Power Saving Option in Samsung Galaxy S3
Build Image for emulator
Can Applications With Root Access Modify Their Own Permissions?
Force all WiFi traffic through VPN?
How does Android obtain battery temperature?
Play store icon in App drawer disabled in Nexus 7
Completing HTTP POST request when wireless network connects
How to change the boot animation in Galaxy Tab 2 GT-P3100?
My internal storage capacity is running low,  what can I do?
Clean way for flashing factory image on Samsung Galaxy Nexus?
Getting my data off of a G2 with a broken screen
How is filing a contact under "Phone (Google)" different from the others?
How can I use Google Latitude's Location History without a constant Internet connection?
Ice Cream Sandwich for Samsung GT-S6102B?
Battery drops 20% after reboot!
My Google Now App does not speak
Use a wired gamepad on Android 4.0.4 via laptop?
SD can't mount and mmc0: error -110 whilst initialising MMC card dmesg error
App for virtual keyboard for Windows
What is *Cell standby* and how can I keep it from eating my battery?
Is cm10 compatible with cwm 5.0.2.8 on huawei u8160 ?
How to know whether my Xperia Ray's bootloader is locked or unlocked one
Problem partitioning SD
Firefox Beta and Youtube - no play nice
Where have the megabytes from my downloaded game gone to?
Would Apple EarPods work on my Android phone?
Use Google Now as a Voice Dialer replacement when pushing "call" on car head unit
where can I find fuse.ko file for my huawei u8160?
How to force browsers not to reload recently seen page after resume?
How can I configure an OBD ELM327 cable to work with an ICS tablet?
Bauhn tablet Bluetooth keyboard not working
Password protected access to phone features
Export data from Facebook to Google accounts
How do I share latitude & longitute of a starred location in Google Maps?
Cannot change to English UK from English US
Google Playstore force-closes
Will Samsung Galaxy Nexus i9250 work with Indian SIM Cards?
Get Gingerbread back on Samsung Galaxy Y
Is there anyway I can disable the posting of app shortcuts on my home-screen when an app is installed?
How can I remove system apps / stock apps?
Boot loop after ROM write  in recovery
How much data does Google Maps navigation use?
Error in unlocking bootloader in xperia ray with testpoint method
How can I make a route offline in Google Maps?
Original ROM for Samsung Galaxy S i9000
Should I disable mobile data while I'm connected to WiFi?
Cyanogenmod: Profile redundancy?
Bluetooth HSP profile backward
Can't access my old files after switching ROM from AOKP to CM, even though they're still there
Can I change gmail's format of displaying messages? Would like subject on top & bolded
Transferring  files directly between Tablet and Phone
Path of music player playlist file?
Vibrator not working after upgrading to ICS - Samsung Galaxy S2
Sync Native Calendar (Galaxy S3) with Windows Live Calendar
execute linux commands on android froyo
Clear Default not enabled in 4.0
Why does my hotspot stop after a period of time?
Can I use a Bluetooth dongle in my Android Tablet?
How can I stream audio from my phone over wifi to a speaker or receiver?
Prevent Trebuchet from showing up in Recent Apps?
Will Android read any other non-FAT file-system on SD card?
Will a Samsung Galaxy S3 4G/LTE bought in the US work or be made to work on UK 4G?
Deleted some apk files - but the apps are still there after reboot
sending messages off pc through phone, with only having app on phone.
edited outlook reminders not synced to Android device
How do I recalibrate the battery of my phone?
SD Card as a Network drive in Wi-Fi Network?
How do I check the class of a micro sd card?
Problems with Adobe PDF reader on Android 2.2.1
Why do I get a phantom text message when I reboot my phone?
Can't mount my sdcard rw
Is clearing app data the same as uninstalling, reinstalling app?
Email, Text Messages, What's app
Upload contacts from Nokia to LG Optimus L5: phone numbers in notes field
My IMEI was deleted, but I wrote down the number. Can I restore it?
is there a way to know what CPU, GPU, RAM my phone / tablet has?
How do I know when "adb backup" is finished?
Disable all mobile data-consuming apps
Rooting Xperia Play 2.3.4 without unlocking bootloader
Internet filterer?
adb push: sync but not copy
When do Force Closes imply hardware problems?
asus transformer tf300tg - will this 3g work in uk/usa?
Can I reset the contacts app in ICS?
Thermal receipt printer for Android
Transfer everything to new phone?
Can I use my device on a different carrier?
Cannot receive group messages from iPhone users
Google Now gives absurd times for arriving on time
Samsung Galaxy S3 Aux Cord
What's the exact geographical dimension range which can be taken offline in Google Maps?
Facebook Messenger incompatibility with Nexus 7
How to have multiple input languages?
How to enable a PIN but allow quick access to camera?
How do I switch my htc merge from us cellular to t-mobile?
Make screen lock after call if it was locked before?
how to enhance the sound quality while recording the sound?
Can somebody explain the boot process of an Android device?
Galaxy S3 Tmobile - Can't boot into Clockword Recover?
How to make phonecalls on an Android AVD?
HTC Desire C Problems detecting Wifi after adding additional memory
What is the screen life of an Android Tablet?
Nexus S after update to JB doesn't show callers name
Drawer - arrangement of icons
How to Power On and Shutdown a Remote host with Android?
Can I silence only certain notifications during the night?
TTS Accessibility for Commercial Mobile Alert System (CMAS) Messages
Automatically notify people when I leave/reach a location
What does it mean to "brick" your phone?
Is there a service/application that will allow a "friend" to retrieve my location from my phone without my involvement?
Browsing using VPN when connected over WiFi doesn't work
Prevent activating silent mode when screen is locked
Want my Bluetooth keyboard on Galaxy Tab10.1 to default to English Android Keyboard (Not to Samsung Japanese Keypad)
Google Talk alert sound
Why can I not assign exec permissions to a file on the SD card?
How do I connect to a wifi ap and 3g network simultaneously?
Will using a vpn also encrypt my 3G traffic?
Do the ROM files contain some information about themselves?
Adding Contacts From Skype
How to activate Android debugging mode
Moving app between _three_ possibilities for storage?
Rent movies in a different language
Downloading Kindle for Android tablet
Connecting to Google Talk on tablet
How do I manually update my Nexus S to Jelly Bean?
Watch my local tv on my Android device
Nexus 7 as a remote home controller
Disable GO SMS Pro weekly nag messages
S3 headphone jack not working properly
File Transfer on LAN using wifi
How can I see the status of the latest CyanogenGen builds?
Pinch-to-zoom in HTML emails
Microphone "speaker mode" sensitivity with headphones plugged in?
Chrome reopens previous tabs even after shutdown
Turn off phone by holding the power button?
android.process.acore has stopped
How can I mount or unmount the SD Card using ADB?
Slide unlock till pattern lock gets activated after interval
Changing 3D Gallery with virtual device 2D Gallery
ICS ROM with no Slovenian language
SD-EXT file system damaged in a few days
What does zipalign mean and how does it fit into how we use our Android devices?
Share App list with friends?
deactivate PIN-request after airplane mode
Configuring identical home screens on multiple devices
Why doesnt my Phone vibrate for messages
Unable to upgrade firmware from Samsung GT-I9000
How can I turn off the "low battery" noise?
How to compose plain text email
How to disable lock screen in ICS when VPN is set?
Unrooting Galaxy Nexus - dies when plugged in
Link2SD not working completely
Media scanner running constantly
Pushing files to my tablet from PC
How to move contacts from SIM to phone?
How do I start a new SMS conversation?
Google Services hogging data - how to stop it?
How do I just charge (i.e. not mount for data transfer) a Galaxy Nexus when connected via USB to a PC?
Samsung Galaxy III screen turning on by itself and draining battery
Restart in safe mode on Galaxy Nexus
Reinstalling Android after mobile has been erased by DBAN?
How to prepare touchscreen-based Android device for [emergency] calling using only hardware buttons?
Screen issue on Asus Transformer Prime TF201?
ICS - no internet, but access to network drive possible
Couldn't move app in Android 4.1 emulator
How to block a person's number and send automatic responses to its call/text attempts?
Is there some SSH server for android-x86?
Is it possible to turn an Android tablet on or off over a wired connection such as USB?
Where is the official location to conduct feature requests?
The long SMS is converted to MMS and shows sending. How do I make sure it is sent?
Can't connect to the device with ADB when it's in recovery mode
Import SMS messages from Samsung .nef file to Sony Xperia S
Is it possible to activate the "USB Tethering" Android setting from the command line?
Prevent complete charging?
What encoding is text messaging in?
With Maps 6.12 Latitude seems to have vanished?
WiFi Error: "Failed to connect to network"
How do you disable system apps in Android 4.x.x (and up)?
Reverse tethering Android to Mac via Bluetooth
Can't locate wallpaper when saved from browser
WiFi Tethering not working when using security
Failed upgrade, now stuck in recovery mode
Enabling USB OTG on Samsung Galaxy Y Duos
Is there a way to lock an Android device using a keyboard?
Why won't badge notification work for Gmail on my S3?
How to resolve that both Wifi Hotspot and USB Tethering need reboot to work?
The battery of my Galaxy S 2 is draining very quickly...including on plane mode
How do you remove words from Swype's dictionary?
How to unbrick a non responsive Gio
AT&T Galaxy SIII / Windows 7 64bit AMD/ Cannot mount USB drive
Other appsare terminated when I try to copy an auth code from the Google Authenticator
Phone SMS to Display Google Voice Num?
Record Speaker-Out Sound (not microphone)
Possible to monitor multiple Twitter accounts and Facebook pages with widget?
Widgets occupying the whole screen
Android 1.5 Dialer App - Exploit Block
Identifying the existence of hwcomposer of Project Butter in Jelly Bean
Upgraded Galaxy S III to 4.0.4, can't drag app to taskbar anymore. How can I enable dragging again?
Change OS from Korean to Thai
Samsung S3: avoid automatic screen lock
HTC Clock widget takes 2-3 seconds to update after unlock
Samsung Galaxy S3 stock email app - Load more details
Command or script to read a binary file and skip some bytes every X bytes
how to remove sticky (permanent) notifications from notification bar?
How do I import a KML route into OsmAnd?
Unable to connect to 3G after updating my software
How to pair ICS phone with other device that has no Bluetooth PIN
How to offload browser audio links to background player for continued listening. 
Google Voice free calls on a Tablet
Can over charging damage battery?
USSD attack official notification
Custom recovery and Google OTA
Nike+ Running App
How does the typical Android boot process work?
how to run a specific app's action via terminal?
Installing Google Now on Verizon Galaxy S3 (SCH-I535)
Handsfree profile sniff mode
How to change video brightness?
Receive calls on Wi-Fi via Google Voice
Cloud app to handle grocery list over Android/iPhone & Windows/Mac
Can't delete any files in my download folder
What exactly gets wiped when unlocking Galaxy Nexus?
Wi-Fi Direct on Galaxy Mini
CWM Backup / Contact Recovery
How to hide events in Google Calendar
Allowing a computer to connect to wifi from android  already connected to wifi. A unique situation
How can I disable mobile data connectivity on my Sanyo Zio?
How do I enable Mass media mode on rooted kindle fire?
What is system partition? How its size is fixed? Can it be resized?
MIUI rom fails to install on HTC Desire
How can I make direct phone-to-phone VoIP calls without Internet (on LAN or Wi-Fi)?
How can I track my app usage?
Changing settings values in an Android ROM
Google Now voice calling feature only searching local contacts, not businesses
Remove bloatware on Galaxy S2 - what are my options?
How to return to the home screen with a terminal command?
Galaxy Blaze reboots upon power off
How does Google Maps Navigation know you are in a tunnel when it switches to night mode?
Google Japanese Input/Simeji warning about inserted data
How do I run WindowsXP as a virtual machine on Android?
Is there a way to launch app via terminal in the background?
Does Bluetooth tethering not work, or am I doing it wrong?
Root EVO 4G stock ROM?
Samsung Galaxy S3 Wi-Fi problems
How to keep phone powered down while charging with ClockworkMod Touch Recovery?
How to transfer iPhone contacts to Android Samsung without using iTunes?
Instagram app is not working when using wifi internet through out proxy server
How to display comments from devices that I don't own?
Display Shuts Off During Calls
Neo V with 4.0 ICS update -- battery problem
Samsung Galaxy S2 Ice Cream Sandwich and Microsoft Office Outlook Calendar 2003
How can I add a shortcut to a particular Google Drive document to my Android homescreen?
What is the format of Android's logs?
Can't create new calendar event
Using Calendar while calling
How can I prevent apps from running in the background?
Shortcut of end the call
Android custom factory apps
Google Chrome for Android: Chrome Web Store
Installing Android using only fastboot on HTC Vision
VLC speed play in Android app
Why does my screen turn itself ON?
PC Companion won't update my computer past 1.6
Online note taking
CM10 Kindle Fire nonresponsive usb storage
What to do when the Dalvik cache is full but the operating system does not recognize it?
Which component controls the "universal" app background
Some 2.1/2.2 apps not working
HTC One V rooted - can't upgrade from htc release
How to add a physical keyboard layout
Batch Update Android alarm ringtone?
Jelly Bean update for an Unlocked AT&T HTC One X?
I can flash Cyanogenmod though my bootloader is locked
Problems connecting to IMAP email account on 3G/4G
Connecting Google Nexus 7 to Linux
Looking for Location-Specific Screen Locking Behaviour
How can I change the user agent string sent by Chrome on my Nexus 7?
remove apps with htc bootloader unlocked
How to disable "Forgot Password" on the lockscreen
MadTeam's CyanogenMod 7 restarting itself randomly
How do I send text messages multiple recipients on CyanogenMod 9?
Get Source Code from an .apk file?
32gig sd card corrupt
How does compass calibration work?
Docking Asus Transformer Prime back-to-front?
How can I stop applications and services from running?
How to run Android ICS on a PC (win7) inside a VM?
Missing application from sdcard
Selective syncing with Google?
What exactly is synced with Google?
Changing the numbers format when entering phone numbers in the dialer possible?
Leaving work profile for Tasker
Why are apps logging me in as someone else?
Right swipe on contact defaulting to internet calls
How can I reset my SGH-999?
Airdroid modifies timestamps of copied files
How to enable voice-activation of S Voice when in car?
Dropbox export folder to SD card?
How to import GPS coordinates track for using offline
Can an Android device  play ALAC and WAV files?
Retaining applications and settings when flashing custom ROMs
Is it possible to do a complete image backup of an Android device via USB connected to a Windows PC without the Android device being rooted?
Can Android Chrome be linked to an account other than your main Android account?
How does one copy all the data AND apps from one Asus tablet to another?
Speaker makes rough sound when connected to wifi!
Multiple Touch Gestures in Android?
How to change screen resolution on android rooted device?
Skype does not use the proximity sensor
Reconnect to mobile via USB without rebooting
How can I get the location to update again in my News and Weather widget?
Samsung Galaxy S3 sync birthdays
Override language setting for some apps?
USB connection broken, tried debugging
Have I completely lost my IMEI?
galaxy S I9000 kies connection problem
Why is one of my WiFi networks not visible after connecting to the other one?
WPA/WPA2 with my Nexus 7
Why doesn't Chrome recognize mobile Blogger templates on the Nexus 7?
How to write Pinyin using default keyboard languages?
How to manually install ICS on Sony Ericsson Phones?
3G Modem sim on my Nexus S
Exchange sync with Calendar on Samsung Galaxy S 3
One-click access to alarm settings
How do i recover my data on a Galaxy Tab after a factory reset?
How to move Applications from phone to SD Card?
Recovering Twitter Account Created on Android Device?
Power button stopped on my Nexus S
Show only new available and new updated apps in Google Play Store
Sony Xperia Tipo not recognizing SD memory card
Any way to hard reset a HDC A9100?
Install Cyanogenmod 7.2 on Nexus One using ClockworkMod Recovery - "remote: signature verify fail"
Why does the CM7 Radio FM app require bluetooth to run?
How to hard reset of a Samsung Galaxy GT-I9000 which I cannot put in recovery mode?
How do you resize the Gmail widget?
Is there a way to fix the sms notification in Galaxy S2, ICS
google talk android device sign is not shown by sony xperia ray while logged in google talk in it what can I do about it?
Import multiple vCard files to Galaxy S3 contacts
Monitoring phone usage and limits
Develop Java Swing Applications  on Android
VMware View and Workstation 8?
Thunderbird mail on Samsung Galaxy S3?
Is there an interactive calendar widget that allows me to switch between agenda view and calendar view?
Setting up mail client. Trying to connect only to the incoming server, avoid setting an outgoing server up
Delete all music NOT in playlist?
Prevent reboot after fastboot -w image.zip?
Trigger "mount as disk drive" (aka "USB Mass Storage" mode) from PC
How can I print from Android phone through Google Chrome connected printer in laptop?
Wrong Google account picture
How can I get a list of all my paid (only) apps in the Play Store?
Root Terminal command to kill or stop a service?
How can I boost the music volume higher than the max limit?
How to change the look of OK and Cancel Buttons
Why I can't sync contacts with Twitter/Facebook accounts in Jelly Bean 4.1.1?
Find lost Samsung Galaxy Ace phone?
Is it possible to list all files on SD card created by a certain application?
HTC Wildfire S digitizer replacement
Display additional information on the incoming call screen
How to listen iTunes podcasts on Android
Twitter for HTC Sense claims multiple accounts are not supported
2.3.55: How can I edit Bookmarks between my Android phone and Desktop easily under Google account and Chrome?
Gmail mobile website messed up in default internet browser
Android Bluetooth Profile - AVRCP Version on JellyBean
Nandroid backup of Emulator instance?
Where are the inline remote settings in Android?
How to see what applications do some actions when I power on my phone?
HTC Desire HD Wifi proxy applicaiton
Restart data connection when stalled?
How can I force MMS messages to retry?
My Samsung Galaxy Nexus won't turn on
Update the Korean Galaxy S
Youmail visual voicemail in a foreign country?
Programming devices in Android
Calling causes freeze
How can I get the look and feel of Sony's Android on my HTC
Unable to view emails in folders other than inbox
Get original xperia play content back on device after removing it
Why does accepting Calendar invites open a browser? Can I prevent it?
No root permission after installation of ClockworkModRecovery kernel
ghost key and unpressable keys issue on android HTC desire Z
Android Media Process detected above threshold
Why is the com.android.browser process draining my battery?
Space problem in Samsung Galaxy Pocket GT-S5300
How to pair Apple Wireless keyboard with Android 2.3.5 -phone and iPad?
Galaxy S3 - email notifications not working for emails going to subfolders
BSNL Penta TPad 701C Android ICS - Play store closes immediately after opening.
How can I get my MK808 mini Android PC to output to my TV?
Is it possible to add a computer to Firefox Sync if I have my already configured Android phone with me?
Google Calendar events created on the phone won't sync
X3D format viewer for Android
Is it possible to use an Android phone as network disk, so I can browse it on my TV?
Share intent handler that will post source links from Twitter to Instapaper?
Galaxy S Advance Android update
Default video player not automatically expanded since last update?
How can I control both volume and track skip on my Android device from my headphones?
Stop a force reboot
How do I export display to Android native X server?
How can I get acube effect app drawer on ICS or JB?
How do I find the incremental upgrades direct download links?
Removed sports team from Google Now keeps reappearing
Disable loudspeaker usage for audio playback?
How to switch between personal page and Brand Page in the G+ Android app?
Galaxy S3 is unable to transfer files over USB: "USB device not recognized"
Why is Android System always keeping my phone awake?
Slideshow Feature not available in Gallery after ICS Update
Is a 16gb class 4 micro sd card enough for hd gaming on Xperia Neo V GB?
Slide to unlock appears even when pattern lock is activated. How can I get straight to pattern lock mode after screen is turned on?
Can I install a custom rom with SIM Lock enabled?
Is there a way to get GPS to work without Google Location Service constantly enabled?
Samsung Galaxy S3 WiFi authentication error with A&TT U-Verse router
Android Estimate Battery Capacity
How do Google Play app updates work? Are they free?
Custom ringtones don't work on Cyanogenmod 9
How can I connect a keyboard to HTC Evo 3D?
Android 4 USB charge only
Prevent Android ICS downloading updates automatically
HTC One X switches to silent on its own?
Can I install the latest Android version even if my manufacturer doesn't release updates?
my mail won't show after upgrading to 4.0.4
Does Android USB host mode depend on an OTG cable?
HTC One S vibration keeps getting turned on for normal profile
How to make Opera Mini the default browser?
Why is pressing touch tone keypad not transmitted during calls?
How to remove all of default speed dials of Opera Mobile?
Why is my 16GB SD card not being read in my Samsung Galaxy S?
How does goomanager work?
Is safe to give my IMEI to LeadBolt to enjoy apps without advertisement?
Whatsapp - last time seen online - what does it mean?
How do I remove the confirmation alert when choosing Silent mode?
Rooting my device, i can root it from the ROM?
How do I view the "Other folder" on ICS browser?
missing mac address
Kindle Fire Power Adapter Specs
ClockworkMod TOUCH problem on Samsung Galaxy S2 with Cyanogenmod 10
Problem Sync'ing/Downloading from Google Play
Voice announcement of phone calls?
How do I enter twrp recovery?
How to sync contact photos from phone back to google contacts?
How to sync folders via cloud in a Dropbox-like way
How to drag apps to the task tray?
Android full support offline map
Selected mobile carrier unavailable, do I need to install a multi CSC? If so, how?
Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 infinite login redirect with 2 step authentication
why does my GPS not work in Italy without WiFi?
Formatting (or reinstalling) Samsung Galaxy S2
multiple zoom levels without multiple tile layers (RMaps Ext + MOBAC)?
Samsung Galaxy R - No files in default music player
Where are saved pages stored?
What is a "Top Developer" in Google Play?
Why can't I see the +1 button on some apps in the Play Store app?
Can I use my Nexus7 charger to charge my Android phone?
How do I expand my Sony Ericsson Xperia Ray internal storage?
How to avoid looping the album/playlist automatic?
Will an Android phone connect to Wi-Fi and download apps without a subscription?
Is there an application / ROM that allows me to set the phone to "Guest" mode which I can configure?
How to reinstall Android on my HTC Explorer using a different language?
automatically turning on usb mass storage when usb is connected
Are hotspots sold inside phones?
Android Jelly Bean: fix search button
Upgrading Kernel
import contacts from sim to phone only
Google Nexus S won't turn on
Karbonn A9 is not generating thumbnails
Is it possible to disable Google Voice Search headset control in 4.1 Jelly Bean?
Hide / Add / Replace dock icons on home screen
listen to radio on xperia ray with wireless headset
Installing a Boot Animation without using Root Explorer
Is it safe to restore the phone.apk from a stock Samsung ROM to CM9?
Why is bricking possible?
How do you root the Samsung Galaxy Player?
Can't get Google Play after flashing firmware
Unable to send from outlook email account synced on phone, error - Unable to sign or encrypt message. Certificate not installed
When I plug my headphones into the Galaxy S 3 it won't let me use Google Play Music
Are there any issues if buying a Samsung Galaxy S3 without memory?
How can I sort, filter and tag files/images in Android ICS 4.0?
Making the browser remember its current location when minimized
How to restore internal flash storage after reformatting?
Why is it that whenever I partition my sd card outside CWM it doesn't get recognized by my phone?
How to track reboots in Jelly Bean
Unable to connect Xperia-Tipo to PC?
Do apps included in the gApps zip get updated via Google Play?
Any way to schedule a passive profile-change? (connectivity, volume etc.)
Setup Tor server on my Android
TeamViewer QuickSupport on Jelly Bean
Which market am I currently in?
How to make an unrooted phone use or detect Ad-Hoc Wi-Fi
Modify file without creating a copy
How to browse file:/// URLs on my Android device?
Email accounts suddenly disappear from Samsung stock client
Is there someway to make "My maps" in google maps available offline with location markers?
Samsung Galaxy GT-S5300B dead / bricked (?)
Why is sftp (client) so slow on Android?
Facebook chat icon status
Wifi Direct and internet simultaneously?
How to add 5 week shift schedule to calendar?
Is there an equivalent to iOS "Reset Home Screen Layout" on the Nexus 7?
How to use USB Keyboard and USB Mouse In Android Tablet Simultaneously
how to safely remove usb storage?
Multiplayer Games and Wifi / LAN
Where does SafariOnline store downloaded books?
How can I manage bookmarks in Android Firefox?
Android Microsoft Ergonomic 4000 keyboard
My WiFi status icon on 4.1 is grey, even when the connection is working fine. Why?
Is there a way to flash a boot.img from recovery without a computer?
Which IMEI number should I use to unlock my Motorola DROID 2 GLOBAL (A956) IMEI or IMEI SV?
Why my S3 device sounds when magnetic card is put on its back?
Do I have to backup Titanium Backup's keys?
Samsung Galaxy Tab 7 (GT P1000 with 2.2version android) stuck in boot-loop on update to CM10
Hide Superuser?
Android OS update with out active service
In MIUI 2.10.12, where do I set it so that I get pop up notifications?
How to increase the internal memory of HTC desire GSM?
Why can't my device connect to my home Wi-Fi, but is able to connect to others?
How can I automatically change volume/GPS/wifi/etc settings based on time and location?
Android OS (ICS) consumes more data in background in Funbook
How to use camera without unlocking phone? (Jelly Bean on S3)
Watch Coursera's videos with the video app on Jelly Bean
My touchscreen does not work, need a way to remote control phone
What folders does TitaniumBackup need to survive a wipe?
Android keyboard - Tab into next form field?
How to get full list of apps in play-store
Galaxy Tab Multi Device App Installation
How to install Android apps without having Google Play?
Pressing MENU button pops up voice search
HLS Streaming in native browser
How do I turn Google Play Books pages with Voice?
When typing, automatically replace specific characters with others (ie accented uppercase Greek vowels)
I changed my sim card - how do I find which app is sending sms messages to my old number?
Firefox for Android: blocking images?
Android as HTML5 kiosk/appliance
How does Cloud message services reach devices behind NAT / firewall?
Nexus S bootloops after trying to apply OTA update
Wi-Fi Network can not scanned
Android apps not compatible between roms
How to voice command a music player?
List all free application on google play
Samsung Galaxy S Plus formatted itself
How to stop shuffle playing audiobooks and other non-music?
More internal memory or less memory + SD card
How can I save photos that I take with my Android's camera in a lossless format?
Stuck at "Verifying Information" when updating to ICS
Brand new Galaxy Nexus not booting
Some apps are gone and others crash after Samsung Galaxy S2 crash
Try to install Clockworkmod Recovery, always getting stock recovery
How can I display Samsung GT-S5660 current screen desktop to my HDMI TV screen?
restore deleted photos on samsung s3 internal sdcard
Are there any dependencies for unrevoked3 to run on stock ubuntu?
Stop application after set time - sleep timer
encrypted internet sharing don't work for android phones
Call log always shows '13' missed calls
How to upgrade Android on the Samsung Galaxy Ace
Kindle Fire Install - Alternate download site
touchwiz launcher bug with logcat inside
Are there any Android tablets that have the "negative colours" accessiblity feature like the Samsung Galaxy S III phone has?
Why didn't my Android auto adjust to daylight saving time and how to fix it?
How to remove network lock samsung galaxy s advance
How can I see bootloader stdout debugging messages?
What does this icon mean?
How can I open files that have Japanese filenames?
Record video with external bluetooth mic (ie headset)
How to Diagnose Wireless that won't turn on?
Filling in the blanks in a Kindle book
phone won't record or play back video
SD card not recognized if I create second partition
Some apps not available on play store after lcd_density change in build.prop
How can I edit all columns of my Google Drive spreadsheets?
Can I see my Play Store wishlist on the web?
Android system partition image on pc or sdcard
Where can I find the OTA update file?
Is there a way to get detailed information on why an OTA update fails?
How can I put my Nexus 7 back to factory default ?
Can I run a webserver on an android device?
How can I tell why my sleeping phone occasionally gets warm (and battery is draining abnormally)?
Offbrand Android Tablet - Google Mail/contacts/calendar issue
Prevent SMS deletion when removing Google Account
What color was the first android phone?
Failed app installation, storage full, safe to delete files manually?
Restore SMS icon in default home lancher?
Why doesn't my device ever show 100% charged?
How to re-download in-app purchase
How to upgrade to Android 4.1 for Galaxy Tab GT-P1000
How do I upgrade my Sony Xperia X10 mini to Android 2.1?
How to set AutomateIt to active a task in "AND" or "OR" condition?
In search of a Terminal App that works with SSH to AWS (EC2)
How can I create a Google Account?
Are calls made by third-party apps logged?
Why does my phone use Google Public DNS?
Can I use MIUI's auto SMS + MMS backup + restore thing on another custom ICS rom?
status bar with icons to simulate home or power button press
Can you change the colour of the LED light on the Samsung Galaxy S3?
How does freezing an app work technically?
Changing OS completely on galaxy note SC-05D and galaxy s2 SC-02C
Enable Adhoc on Jelly Bean
Google Play movie rental errors as it says my device is rooted (it is not)
How to tether WiFi-internetconnection with Nexus 7 on a PC without WLAN via USB?
Unknown Notification Alerts
Android: Change Samsung Galaxy Ace default message type to text (160 charactors )
Security of Paid apps in Google Play?
Google Cloud Print from Android GMail
Will flashing re-lock my unlocked phone
Tethering stops blocks my phone's internet
Packet monitoring on phone
Is there any shortcut for closing a tab in Chrome?
Are Xoom files automatically transferred to a newly added microSD card?
How to share clipboard between BlueStacks & host Windows PC?
How do I change the order of my contacts on the frequent contact toolbar?
RE: Android 4.0.4 shows folder count on Galaxy Note (Android 4.0.4) but not on Galaxy Tab 10.1 (Android 4.0.4)
Dialing an extension automatically
Unable to hear caller when using native internet (SIP) calling on Jelly Bean
Is there a way to determine whether a source for rooting instructions is reliable?
How do you set the Swype keyboard to delete the entire word when the delete button is held down?
How to mimic tilt & shake controls in BlueStacks?
Galaxy Nexus call freezing
Messaging keeps drafts after you have edited and used them
Skipping "Swipe screen to unlock" screen?
"Save as draft" option missing from the default message app?
Which browser does support proxies?
How to root Casio Commando phone
My CallerId is not revealed when using Internet Calling (VoIP) on ICS
35 mb in proc folder
Prevent runaway threads and ultimately physical overheating and battery drain on Android
Power management on Android — is app CPU correlated to power usage?
App to modify settings by application
How do I get the Android Kindle/nook apps to recognize .MOBI/.EPUB files on my SD card?
Configuring VPN on a Samsung devices
how easy is it switch between bluetooth speakers on nexus 7
Matlab on Android
How can I sort / specify separate storage locations for my audio files?
Differnce between abilities of System apps, Apps in phone memory and Apps in the SD card
Battery level indicators: Do they consume more battery?
Add Google calendar reminder numbers as one contact
How to create Language Pack/Dictionary for Keyboard auto correct
How to detect who is downloading apk files in background?
How can I get old Android softwares?
Protecting or Limiting my account's power
Can I make the "Text" icon on my Keyguard go to Google Voice?
How can I send SMS messages through PC programatically?
Where can I find hidden wallpapers on Nexus 7?
Modifying keylayout file / using external keyboard input to mimic accelerometer
Google contact sync photo rotated
Move Mail storage from phone's internal memory to the SD Card
Allowing my rooted Sanyo Zio to work with my Vista 64 computer
Getting a file to Samsung Galaxy Tab from my Laptop without Android?
More notification sounds not available?
how to root Galaxy SL GT i9003 for DDLF2
How can i update my OS (gingerbread)
Google play disappeared from my phone
galaxy s2 wifi problem after updating to ice cream sandwich
Is it possible to limit the list of contacts in WhatsApp?
How can I debug my application while USB tethering is enabled?
Remove branded shutdown animation
Can I install Google Chrome on a Kindle Fire HD?
How can I make RUU 4.0 update on HTC Desire S?
How to get root back after OTA update
Android 4.0 - cannot set preferred network type
Motorola Fire XT on boot loop - flash/recover without powering on?
Using OTG cable, transfer file from cardreader to external harddisk, is it possible?
Control bluetooth volume on phone?
how can I change the language of the keyboard of sony ericsson xperia mini pro?
Vector Graphics Illustrator
Unable to copy files to /sdcard
Is there any way to block flurry?
Ext2 partion mounted then after linking apps it can not be mounted!
Galaxy Nexus: Safely Remove the device in Linux?
Restrict apps from accessing the internet at the background without the end-user knowledge
Does factory reset remove apps that install into the /system from an unroot phone
Beside shut down the phone, are there ways to prevent battery usage for Call Standby?
Dangers of Apps running in "Hidden mode"?
The name "Alicia Han" appears to be calling!
ODEX file: Does every app has one and if yes where are they stored?
Problem in setting up google account - "couldn't open connection to server."
Android battery usage (3G, HSDPA and Edge)
POP3 email accounts disappear
How can I schedule a Nandroid backup?
Why is Google Maps telling me that Offline Maps aren't available?
Update Android 2.3.4 on HTC Sensation
When will my device get the Android 4.2 update (Jelly Bean)?
Any converter available to connect my android phone to an iPod/iPhone car dock?
How to root the new version of the ONE X
HTC ONE X: The process "com.android.phone" has stopped?
Is there a way to boot to the fastboot mode?
CyanogenMod 9 gives AuthenticatorException while adding account
Can I use Google Play gift cards in my country?
insufficient storage error while updating installed apps
Exchange SubFolders
Are there maps that I can download to a PC and later transfer to the android phone?
Any custom ROM reboots Kindle Fire
How to stop web browser offering to sign into Google account
How to stop android phone from vibrate during the start up and the shut down?
Is it possible to have multi-android version in your android device?
How does Google Play determine the region on a tablet without SIM card
Problem detecting micro SDHC card
Applications Start automatically , Start again if I Force Stop them or even if I Disable them
How do I set a default calendar-app in Android (Jelly Bean)?
Best way to update to latest versions of custom ROMs?
msm_otg kernel wakelock preventing deep sleep
Official statement regarding call recording
Galaxy S GT-I9000: how to fix boot to recovery with Volume up+Power?
Restart sound engine in Android (4.1)
Disable threaded email in Gmail app
Not able to "Clear" notifications from Astrid Tasks (an app)?
What apps does "Clear memory" actually clears?
How do I create a reocurring calendar entry that ends at some time?
How to view list of subscriptions in Google reader app?
can not connect to adhoc wifi connection even after rooting and change of file. Any Solutions?
Do messages, contacts, files get deleted when you upgrade your Android version?
I keep getting storage errors but I have plenty of free space, what is safe to remove from internal storage?
Is it technically possible to run Android on MS Surface Windows RT tablet?
Can the Nexus 7 send and receive GSM texts and calls?
simple photo frame widget
What is "USB storage app" under Storage of App Info?
Galaxy S3 USB modem connection
Why would a free app be in the top grossing section?
Clone and distribute Android 4 device with preloaded applications
Host not recognizing my USB devices
Really know what is using internal storage
What is the offical name of the third on-screen button?
How to prefer networks from a specific country to avoid roaming charges?
Syncing Opera Mobile/Mini with Desktop Firefox
Does build number matter when rooting phone?
Factory reset a device - settings app does not work
android device as Digital Media Renderer (the DMR of DLNA)?
What the difference between miracast and DLNA?
Auto-delete certain file extensions on my phone?
Why is my phone slow?
Nexus 10 "shareable" part of Android 4.2?
SD card won't mount when Xperia Neo V is connected to Ubuntu 12.10
How does one root a Vodafone HTC One XL?
Memory settings menu inconsistently shows internal storage half-empty and completely full at the same time
Video showing up as Audio in media library
Disable open Google Search by sliding up from the home button "feature"?
Why is one folder on my Samsung Galaxy SII not being properly showed on PC?
Should I backup .odex files too?
How can I manually extract my contacts from a backup image of Android?
Manually updating samsung home app
Reconfiguring volume up and down buttons?
How to unblock the caller phone number?
Google Play says "You don't have any devices"
How do I get Google Now's Package Tracking to Work?
Are rooted Android phone more vulnerable to Malware Apps than non-rooted ones?
Galaxy S3 Accounts & Sync gone after jellybean update 4.1.1
How can I assign a Windows drive letter to my "portable drive" (Samsung Tab 10.1)?
How do I root my Samsung Galaxy Ace?
How to SSH into Android from a different network?
Scripting a whole bunch of actions
USB Internet is not working in sleep mode
Why do I not get the new YouTube ui on my tablet?
Is there any android smartphone using Atheros chipset?
Is it possible to restore a ClockWorkMod backup to an emulator
How to remove app from wishlist?
Driving Mode isn't working as expected on Samsung Galaxy SII
Why android is power hungry?
How to troubleshoot a lockup/freeze
Why has my GSIII's battery life dropped from 50-60 hours to 16 hours?
Google Nexus 4 on Verizon?
How can I SSH into my Android without rooting it?
Download Manager causes high CPU usage on Motorola Razr with stock Android 4.0
Calendar widget showing the wrong event dates
Force close messages; no access to phone
Android Experiments drain battery
change system wide the connect timeout
Android “fake having a locked phone” - Galaxy SII
how do I know if I uninstalled something I shouldn't have
Specs/Stats displaying on Homescreen on Galaxy S II 4.0.4
LG Nexus 4 compatibility Airtel India
How to explore and edit a Samsung Galaxy Y's backup file without a connected phone (as, for example, by using NBU Explorer for Nokia Symbian files)
Installing Android apps from Samsung store to non Samsung Android device like htc phone
Samsung Galaxy Nexus 4.1.2 Unable to connect to mobile network
My Google Nexus S won't connect to network
Android 4.0 apps crash on keyboard show
Why do some apps get frozen every time I reboot?
Are there any window managers for Android?
Connection Time Out error while accessing Google Play Store in Samsung I9070 Galaxy S advance
What's the secret behind super durability of latest ADW Launcher EX?
Link contact to Twitter handle
View Contact-Facebook connection on computer
How can I run WhatsApp so that I am always online?
After flashing ROM in Odin, reboot with animation, message pop ups - processes stop
How to install stock app on custom rom?
Access my Fiancee android phone remotely
Can I set the alarm to stop after some time?
Where does the 'set as wallpaper' feature save your picture in Gingerbread (2.3)?
Android Jelly Bean help or user manual
WhatsApp does not proceed and stuck at "initialising"
How do I enable permissions? I can't receive text messages or send emails because there are red triangles on the permissons
Can't tell if HTC One V is GSM or CDMA
How to enter CWM recovery on an encrypted Galaxy S3?
Samsung galaxy s3 driver problem on win7 ult 64 bit machine
Expand file sysem to entire sd card
HTC Desire - ran out of storage - can't interpret solutions offered - need help!
Send Navigation Audio to handset but music to bluetooth
How can I set my Galaxy S3 to vibrate when locking the screen?
Is there way to make the virtual keyboard appear over any app?
Any difference between the back ups made by Titanium and Nandroid?
How can I regenerate .thumbnails folder in DCIM
Corporate Email account on Cyanogenmod 7 - Encryption required
how to upgrade my android phone?
Can prolonged use of the GPS cause adverse affects?
Specifying SD card mount options upon boot
SMS gone after "failed" boot due to low battery
What's the purpose of Strobe frequency adjustment in Torch?
Wipe everything after failed decryption attempts, but make it usable?
Is there a way to make the Swype keyboard (or any other) auto-switch back to the alphabetic keyset when I enter a punctuation mark?
How to make Android 2.3 to use voice recognition without the need of internet?
How can I use Flash Player now that it's no longer supported?
Using Swype, or a Swype-like keyboard, is there a way to type without lifting my finger up?
How to uninstall ice cream sandwich update on huawei ascend g300?
Is there a way to connect Acer Iconia A500 tablet to windows PC via USB as a drive, not a device?
How can I remotely control my mobile without rooting it?
Check which IPs or web-sites an app is communicating with?
What is the Virtualizer sound effect in music players and how does it work?
Device always boots in recovery mode, but apparently there is no recovery partition
Only connect to certain Wi-Fi networks
How to properly play 720p/1080p media with subtitles through MHL (HDMI out)?
Trying to factory reset, but it's not listed at all as an option
Dropbox, where did my pictures go? Disappeared!
Do not go into standby when phone is plugged in
Internal hard disk partitions (sda2) not showing in android system
What exactly happens when I use Kies to perform a "Firmware upgrade and initialisation"?
How can I do factory reset on Samsung Galaxy 10.1 Tab?
PPTP VPN Error 807 through Portable Wi-Fi hotspot
How to set high resolution on external monitor?
Change combined inbox account colors
Prestigio Multipad USB debuging
Change app page order
How can I connect a USB portable printer with a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 without rooting phone?
Is there any way to install apps incompatible with Android 4.1.2 (Jelly Bean)
How to create a soft link between root partition and ext3 partition(on SD)
Linux ADB Driver for LG Viper (LG-LS840)
How can I disable the softkey backlight?
Will a higher class SD card reduce the risk of crashing my Galaxy Ace?
How to limit an app's access only to specific networks?
How to increase device's memory storage?
Close Application with locale?
Android device can support SD Card of up to 32 GB, so FAT32 is more suitable?
Internet problem in Samsung Galaxy S2 after updated Android 4.0
How to Install our android image in laptop ? How to make android boot-able image for laptop?
Identify this Clock-Weather Widget
How to set network proxy for Samsung Galaxy Tab 2.0 7?
android special characters keyboard
In Galaxy S3 call history, does the orange arrow mean incoming or outgoing call?
Galaxy Nexus slow on WiFi wakeup
Asus Eee Pc with android 4.0 doesn't show internal disk in file system
Rooting/unlocking Android Nexus One with broken power button using Linux terminal tools
"Account unlock" when not connected to internet?
Google Play allows publishers to respond to users' comments?
Recovering deleted xml-file on old HTC wildfire
Is Evernote a malicious app?
No Devices on shell
Galaxy Ace turn on problem after flashing custom ROM
Does a factory reset on a Galaxy Nexus wipe the virtual sd card directory?
Got text message with 'download' button, how would I look at the link source or gain further info to see if this is safe? 2.3.6metropcs
"Signature verification failed" when trying to install non-official Cyanogenmod 10 ROM for Sanei N10 Android tablet
How can you find which carrier a Samsung Galaxy S3 (GT-I9300) is locked to?
How to recover pictures from frozen htc one x?
Which application keeps port opened on android?
Sound volume randomly changes
I want to update my Micromax A87 Android 2.3 Gingerbread to Android 4. ICS
How do I change Android screen orientation via simulating acceleration?
CM7.2 Viber installing problem
How to use Generic USB Joysticks in Android via OTG?
How to check an application's checksum or hash on Google Play?
Brand New HTC Desire C Wi-Fi won't work
Samsung S3 wont sync
How to disable "reject call with an SMS"?
Lock down 'receive text messages' setting
Does the Nexus 4 have 4G?
How can send a message for all contacts in whatsapp?
Insufficient storage updating Android app
How to sync contacts in one direction only -- from phone to Google?
Podcast app that can create playlists
The ps command shows many repeating processes named "app_process". Why?
How to hide the mouse pointer after I finished using a bluetooth mouse?
Is there no way to get scripts to run in Android?
Any way to assign startup apps manually?
My space used and free space doesn't add up
Filesystem hierarchy, that defines the directory structure and directory contents of Android?
Using MyWi USB 3G Tethering from iPhone to Galaxy Tab 2 10.1
What would the effective memory space be in a 8GB Nexus 4?
cannot add exchange mail on Nexus S running 4.1.2
Google Chrome crashes when attempting to access Desktop Bookmarks (Asus Nexus 7)
Uninstalled apps still show up on "Apps installed on" in Google Play Store
Can't see Macbook WiFi access point on Android smartphone
Cannot upgrade Galaxy Y GT-S5360 with new firmware using Kies
Handwrite / draw on a text document
Different wallpaper for each homescreen?
Why is the SD-card mounted to "/sdcard/external_sd" instead of "/sdcard" (or "/mnt/sdcard")?
Data Network mode doesn't get activated on gingerbread 2.3.4
ZTE StarTrail : Android Update 2.2 to 2.3.3 or an other version
Missing backtick from soft keypad
How to automatically add a task to Astrid?
Why does my tablet reset every time I reboot?
How to select Wi-Fi access point?
Quitting eBay application
Incoming SMS filtered into a specified user
Forcing apps to install/download on SD
How to monitor signal strength?
How can I get a LogCat?
How to manually disable or hide the system bar (menu bar) at the bottom of the screen?
Android applications privacy and security concerns
make website offline available and browse later without 3G connection
Wifi error after Motorola XOOM tablet Android 4.0.4 update
Why does my Samsung Galaxy S2 have duplicate calendar events?
Media on external sd card can be browsed but not seen by other apps (including settings>storage). Not part of the .nomedia file fiasco!
App to count my daytime minutes
Why does my app crash when I download it through 3G?
How do I turn off speech search in Jelly Bean?
Bluetooth PAN issue
Bluetooth headset changing pairing mode into "media audio" only
Display media volume in the status bar
Samsung Galaxy S3 not connecting via USB
Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 (GT - P5100), shortcut button to close/exit from any app/game
Zoom in/out via external keyboard
How to start browser in incognito mode by default?
Is it possible to dual-boot my TF201 with Windows RT?
Block all connections except a single host server ? (block by server not by app)
Once installed, how do I activate Firebug in Mobile Firefox?
Using an android display with HDMI/RCA inputs?
Nexus 4 And Vodafone india
Black screen during outgoing call on Galaxy S3
Can I use my android as a wifi bridge via USB?
Samsung GT-i9300, JellyBean, Headset button changing sound profile
i5500 update from 2.2 to 2.2.2?
Samsung S screen turns off while calling
TeamViewer 8.0.772 crashes on Sony Xperia running ICS 4.0.4
Samsung Galaxy Tab, charging technique through USB Cable
for htc desire s: how to know your phone's region?
Why does HTC Incredible S turn Wi-Fi on by itself?
Can the on-board ADB Server find the device itself?
Can you use the Nexus 4 without a SIM card?
Can I disable the default calendar app notifications?
How to make cell phone using GPRS/3G a WiFi-Hotspot
Sync mp3s between 2 android devices?
Can't sync appointments from server to phone
How to trigger sync between Astrid and Astrid.com?
Can I install a micro-SD card into my Note 2 after I've enabled device encryption?
Camera button reassign function
Changing some system file values in Android failing
Android on my Galaxy Nexus is able to interpret iPhone emoticons, how can I send them back?
Can MAME4droid emulate a trackball?
Google apps losing connection to the servers when on mobile data
Why is the HDR button missing?
About Extracting & Replacing files in a Custom ROM
N7/4.2 Can't add lock screen widgets?
Stop Spotify from finishing session due to lack of activity
Change Spotify song while on the background
ROMManager does not backup my sd-ext
Can I install takju ROM on unit with yakjuxw?
Connecting Sony Xperia U with my Windows XP laptop
OTA update for Nexus Prime in India?
Cut and paste not working on Samsung Note 10.1?
why big sized images.show at low resolution in webview?
how to password protect settings dialog (wifi but specifically accounts part)?
LAME3.98 encoded music has foreign title
Cannot Factory Reset after Encrypting
Why can't I turn off vibrate while keeping audio on when a e-mail comes in?
Kies dies when trying to update Galaxy Note firmware
How to migrate 4.1 primary user's app data to new 4.2 secondary user?
Facing Xperia U problems after updated to ICS
What Happens when I change processor frequency of my android phone
Application being closed due to low memory error in Samsung Galaxy S
Root Phone Without Unlocking Lockscreen
Want to root Using windows which is on VirtualBox.How do i make it recognise the fone when phone is off?
Cannot Reach Restore Progress Screen In Titanium Backup PRO
Can a change in the routing table cause an ARP storm?
HTC One X Does not charge or turn on
Can I backup my HTC Desire to my laptop without a USB cable?
Capture stock rom from samsung galaxy s3
Video streaming among Android devices using Wi-Fi without Internet
How to change Gmail settings to automatically unhide pictures in messages
Internal storage, phone storage and SD card
How to customize the quick settings drop-down menu in android 4.2?
Is it possible to make 'admin' user apps available on other user accounts?
How do I unlock my samsung galaxy s2 after many attempts
How to determine what capabilities are blocking an app from installing
Can't get Cyanogenmod onto internal root
Full Backup of non-rooted devices (Android version 2.3.X and below)
APN Settings Don't Save - Samsung Galaxy Nexus 4.2
Facebook contact sync no longer working: "Sync is currently experiencing problems. It will be back shortly"
How to play YouTube or any audio from my desktop Linux and send the audio playback to Android?
Where to change country information at Samsung App Store?
Play Store not registering my phone after root
Where are the developer options in Android 4.2?
Marking notifications as unread
Cancelling notifications for app updates
Stop Android File Transfer Popping Up
How do I open .pls files?
Network connection lost when receiving or making a call using Samsung Galaxy S2
Does Google Audit all apps that enter the market place?
How can I find out what app is using my GPS from the background?
How can I set a user profile password in Jelly Bean 4.2?
Rooting HTC Gratia
Turning off just email notification sound
Tethering CM10 - high latency, high(ish) throughput
Will I lose root & CWM when I upgrade via Kies (Galaxy Note 2)?
Import SIM card contacts not working? (HTC One X)
How to record and replay macros in Android?
Android SDK Can't Find android.bat?
Confused about Nexus 7 failing system update to 4.2
"Red frame" around the screen when starting some apps
Why is Google Maps always running in the background?
How to upload multiple images at once to Google Drive?
How to type and handwrite Japanese on devices without Japanese input?
How to prevent the android system from killing an app?
My Nexus 7 became slower after the update to 4.2. How can I fix it?
Samsung Galaxy-s blocks the app to install after download
How to create a Local Area Network with Android device?
How can I save taken photos and recorded videos out of DCIM folder?
How to set a Google Plus photo as a contact-picture?
Who is creating icons?
Delete a spreadsheet cell in Google Drive for Android
How can I map tilt to a physical keyboard?
How do I make my email alert *annoying*?
How to change file type on renaming?
How to flash a ZIP file with Odin?
batch processing SNB files
Can't delete Google Earth cache directory
Why does my calendar always open to the wrong date?
How can I mirror my samsung phone screen on my Tv
Disabling skype messaging sound on Nexus 7
How to switch input method quickly on Android?
Can I Throttle the GPU on my phone?
The RAM total of the apps "Running" never equals the "Used Ram" shown below on the scale
Sync music tags to PC
Email widget: How to show inbox instead of subfolder?
Can the Android Jelly Bean camera app be set to take pictures as they appear on screen?
How to set default apps on Samsung Galaxy S II + Android 4.0 (ICS)
Disable voice notifications on SGS2/Android 2.3?
Cant access photo/muxic files through phone application
My Samsung Galaxy Ace does not start after installing CM10?
Dvorak keyboard layout on stock Android
Notifications are not vibrating
How to find exact HTC One S version (S3/S4)
Google+ Background Data Usage
how do I set a ring tone for a specific contact?
Opening a GPS location from an SMS
How to get Gmail-like/non-generic notifications with stock Android app?
Brightness changes too frequently after I updated to 4.2
Extracting images from an APK
What is the LG Motion 4G processor speed?
SMS backup apps, SMS Backup+, SMS Backup and Restore
Samsung galaxy s plus keeps crashing
S/W Upgrade mode problem
Google Authenticator used by native apps?
Android 4.1 unable to connect to Google Play but other wifi functions work - how to fix?
Using Activesync with folders in inbox
Phone is rooted but has no SU application and can't access SU command on adb shell?
How to get setting information before booting Android devices like in BIOS?
Limit the Internet bandwidth of Android device
How to properly close running apps while avast! Mobile Security is installed/ running in the background?
Are Nexus the only one that receive OS update directly from Google and not from Telecom / Phone Manufacturer?
How do I configure calendar " leave in X minutes" notifications to use non-driving travel times?
Is there a an app for recording voice notes that syncs to cloud storage?
How can I run a sequence of applications or actions on certain triggers on Android?
Second google account never shows up
Turn notifications on and off based on time periods
How toolbox symlinks work
Why does unlocking the bootloader wipe phone?
Ridding Android phone of Snapfish
How can I change the ringing noise when I place a call?
Does Rooting Exploit a Security Weakness?
How can I set my volume to be beyond 15 on my samsung galaxy S?
Google play fails to install application with RPC:S-5:AEC-0
How frequently is it okay to let the battery discharge fully or as low as possible?
What causes the error "No certificate found in USB storage." when trying to import a certificate?
Using sponge to act as a stylus pen for Android phone and tablet?
How to share a Google+ public post outside of the Google+ app?
Installing downloaded apks from external site
Using an Android device as a web server
why there are so many tty files in the dev directory?
Phone added contact unfindable
Where can I get the QR code for an app on the Play Store?
Why does GPS not work in a train?
How can I install customized Android OS?
How often does Android refresh the battery statistics listed in the Settings?
Use speakerphone mic (i.e., high gain) while headphones are connected
What do the names means in settings > application manager > current app?
Samsung Galaxy S3 random reboot during clipboard use
No incoming messages on whatsapp if internet isn't turned on
Wildcards in proxy bypass list
Forgot security lock pattern on Jelly Bean device with Wifi and 3G data turned off
Can I hide a specific Google Now place card?
rooted android JB 4.1.1 razr m , Map network drive with VPN
Where are all the statusbar icons stored so that I can change them?
How to migrate applications to other user account without downloading the applications again?
What does the "Force stop" button mean?
Applications crashing
Minimal set of .apk files to enable Google Play
How do I determine which app is accessing GPS in Jelly Bean
Routing uPnP over USB to ethernet on Ubuntu
How to turn off talkback feature on Galaxy S2 ICS 4.03
How do I get my GPS working in Android 4.1 Jelly Bean?
Excess in use of Packet data after updating Google play store
What are the consequences of installing CWM?
Why did my tablet stop switching to widescreen when connected to my TV through HDMI?
Google Now time estimation to work
Alarm Settings on Samsung Galaxy S3
Add system apps in a custom rom
My new Nexus 7 doesn't allow me to receive apk files with bluetooth
(Almost) every time I unplug my headphone, the Voice Command app opens. How to make it stop?
Volume Slider Widget - Home and or Lock screen(s)
Warranty on Nexus 7
How to enable hidden Arabic keyboard without rooting?
Unable to add credit card in Google Wallet
Galaxy S3 - do not want emails deleted from server when deleting from Galaxy S3
How to unlock Motorola Atrix 4G for other carriers?
Android ROM, RAM, Internal storage, External storage and Battery utilization
can't seem to get rid of applications even after formating/restocking/flashing. help?
Heimdall firmware package of cyanogemmod
I have a Binatone Kidzstar and can't install android market or google play
MS Exchange with Default Email App is Randomly Draining Battery!
How to adjust S Pen pressure sensitivity on a Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1?
Android streaming music from desktop, controlled by another android!
Upgraded my phone from 1.6 to 2.2 Android version, if I restore "Factory Settings", which version it will be?
Gmail app doesn't sync email at all when on Mobile Data
Android tablet not recognizing external keyboard?
HTC Explorer .tar ODIN
How to resume app restore after stopping it on first opening Google Play?
How to sync back Lyrics of music to iTunes?
Can the MK802 III use an ethernet connection instead of wifi?
Reducing upper volume level
System backup and restore with help of Google's system backup feature doesn't seem to work
Removing files from & repackaging CyanogenMod ROM zip files
How can I update my Samsung Galaxy S2 (GT-I9100) from Android 2.3.3 to a newer version?
Bluetooth USB on Android
Why does my Android phone download files slower over the same network than my laptop?
How to preview specific folder in email notification?
Is there a way to extend the MK802 III's memory?
After "legitimately" rooting an HTC phone, how do I get SuperUser to work?
Root Cruz T508 problem
Phone lock enabling using hardware buttons
Why won't my nexus 7 update to Jelly Bean 4.2?
link 2sd working but apps not move to sd card
Activate Android app by pressing thumb on timeout / locked screen for few seconds
Tethering data allowance from phone to laptop via usb
Samsung Galaxy S3 “Not registered on network”
How can I make an actual heart symbol in a text on my htc inspire?
Jellybean 4.2 update fails in middle of download for nexus 7
Can't select date in calendar and Gmail not coming to phone
Android Emulator for Ubuntu 12.04
transfer sms from Samsung Jet to Galaxy S Advance
China copy of Samsung Galaxy Note II
Google account sign in problems
Disable Slide to Lock
How do I access the reflow mode on Adobe Reader?
Using a fully charged Galaxy Note
What is the length and breadth of ONLY the screen in the Nexus 7?
How to move Apps to SD on the LG P-705 with Android 4.0?
Recover password with phone logged in? Need to set up additional device
Can physical keyboards really only be used with specific devices?
Preventing charging while USB debugging - One X
Galaxy S3 flip case: auto-lock when closed?
Google Now screen is blank (Nexus 7, Android 4.2)
Console text editor
Bluetooth car audio with track data
How to enable device administrator for exchange after user has declined
ICS: external microsd storage card: can i use it with camera and not encrypt?
How to stop receiving group text messages
Is there an app to select who's going to make my phone ring?
Samsung Galaxy Ace Internet showing network problem
Daydreaming -- does it decrease screen life?
adb restore progress
Battery drain with in no time in Samsung Galaxy Ace
Sony Xperia U with my Windows XP laptop
Can I Call simultaneously from Skype from my device and pc?
Sharing via bluetooth disappeared?
Where to download and install Google Apps on Android 4.0.4 device?
How do I change the Gmail account associated with the Play Store?
Samsung Galaxy Nexus Charger - USB?
How can I edit a Presentation in Google Drive?
How to specify a different audio player for use with Google Reader?
Droid 3 Gallery Generating Errorneous Thumbnails; Possibly Due to Infinite Loop, .nomedia glitch?
Is it faster to send a picture message through 2G or Wi-Fi?
What's the difference between a Wi-Fi conection and a Wi-Fi Hotspot?
How do I know if an android app for a phone can be installed on an android tablet?
Jar of Beans Android Emulator
How to upgrade Android 2 to 3 or 4 on GT-I9000?
MTP file transfer: request to proceed, because "device can't play this" - how to fix permanent?
Prevent update prompt
Android Emulator using Hardware Keyboard has no "Umlauts"
Radical Android customization
Email sync problem
Is there a way to set the screen to auto-lock after more than 30 minutes?
Is there a screen capture app for Android which captures a video?
Is it Essential to Root a Nexus Device in order to Customize or Personalise it to your liking?
Can a cheap cable prevent AC charging from working?
Log off from GMail on Android 2.3
Application missing from Settings > Apps > Running
internal memory Vs SD card
Exchange email sync late for email, on time for calendar
Startup and Wi-Fi problem with email, apps
Vanilla Android on Nook Touch
CM7 default dialer - how do I set international prefix?
Why isn't Tasker activating Profile?
Phone log shows numbers not Contact Names after installing Samsung S3 Security Update
Auto-rotate only for YouTube app, disabled otherwise
Yakjuxw to Yakju/Takju, will it corrupt or destroy my Galaxy Nexus yakjuxw?
Accessing Port 8888 in Android Web Browser
What are my options for connecting my Android to Ubuntu?
Tablet PC with IMEI invalidity issue
Why LG GT540 after boot it disconnects with ADB
Access PC drives
Is it possible to remove an account from the Gmail app but keep the account on the phone?
DroidWall (firewall app) alternative for non-rooted phones
How Can I Pass Bootloader (Huawei Y200 stuck logo/ Boot-Loop)
How to enable the DayDream feature in the Nexus10?
play.google.com and Google Play app out of sync
Is it possible to detect a keyboard paddle press plugged in the headphone/microphone port?
Android clearing recent applications list
Sync problem with Google account
How to change privacy level of a Facebook post?
Unable to download/ install font apk
contacts, backup, sync issues
How safe are my passwords at after-sales service?
Nexus 7 issues with lagging, boot-loops, NFC greyed out, and depressed CPU states
How to check filesystem (/sdcard) for errors?
Nexus 7 won't boot up - could it be due to cell phone sitting on top of it?
Using an OTG cable while charging
Unable to open Google's secure websites over HTTPS
How could I sync ONLY my calendar with Gmail (optionally when a WiFi connection is available)?
Does Android's "Data Usage" also count uploads?
How can I automatically freeze and thaw an app on demand?
How to set a Contact as "Me"?
Flash update.img using flash_image
Contact names not showing for the calls and messages
HTC Desire HD with Nokia E52 IMEI
Jar of Beans "sd card not exist"
What browsers are compatible with Adobe Flash Plugin?
Dual Booting a Windows 8 Tablet/Smartphone with Android OS?
Battery consumption
What are the limitations of USB On-The-Go on Nexus tablets?
Is there a way to automatically load insecure content in Chrome browser for Android?
Is Backing up my Android Device to the Cloud using Skydrive or Dropbox Equally as Effective As using dedicated Back Up Apps?
Wi-Fi won't stay off
Gmail for programmers
How to show the complete title of an app?
What's the difference between 'adb push' and 'adb install'?
I need an app that transfers SMS to SD and can be moved to SD card itself
Prevent unauthorized image flashing
Can't Factory Reset My Device
Send selected text to dialer
With the Android 4.2 camera app, how can I tell if I have a GPS lock?
HDMI + USB communications
Increase maximum outgoing attachment size
Samsung Galaxy S2 doesn't play music
Samsung Galaxy Nexus message notifiers
Android connected to Car system
Samsung Galaxy Nexus HSPA : Baseband Unkown problem
How to setup VLAN on Android?
Unexpected battery discharge on Samsung Galaxy S2
Copy Paste with Touch
LG Nexus 4's Internal Storage Dilemma & its Apparent Lack of Support for USB OTG Connectivity?
"remount: not found" error
How can I root my Verizon HTC Incredible 2?
Google Reader widget items blinking
What is yakju, gn, yakjuxw, takju etc?
ICS ROM for Samsung Galaxy Y
How to make Samsung Galaxy SL I9003 play AC3?
Water damaged Nexus S turns on and runs but has unresponsive touchscreen
Galaxy S3 randomly booted into safe mode. Strange behavior
I rooted my phone. Now apps cannot connect to the internet but browsers work fine
How can I get ADB to properly recognize an Alcatel One Touch 995 device on Windows/Ubuntu?
Samsung Skyrocket - Maximize Battery?
Relative GPS accuracy?
How to use Microsoft Streets & Trips on Android?
Why does Moon Reader not show up in 8 last apps list?
Galaxy S2 9100 Apps Sms download or not notification in China
Problems after updating my Galaxy S3 to 4.1.1: Display randomly comes on for a few seconds
Samsung GT P1000: Install to internal storage?
Is there a way to prevent applications from updating when running on battery
How do I force the 'showing' of an onscreen keyboard (soft-keyboard) when already 'paired' with a bluetooth keyboard?
Is there a way to wipe a device based on a certain password? A like a "Wipe-me" password?
Google Nexus 7 not recognized via USB
Can receive but not send SMS
I Need Help Getting Contacts from Broken Android!
Root Android Tablet without USB Cable
Can someone identify this icon (looks like a ear) in the notification bar?
Android 4.0.3 Google tablet will not connect to Billion 5200n RC router
Unlocked HTC One X (AT&T) Jelly Bean update
Using the a smartphone's speaker as a microphone
Unable to update Galaxy S3 Android after flashing CWM
Why is my Galaxy Nexus always force quit every apps or page I'm currently on?
How can I encrypt my external SD card on Android?
What does 'extract exception, please check files' mean?
Gesture typing suggestions in Google Now
There is an app to send/read SMS from the desktop using the Internet?
Unable to flash CWM recovery to GS3 over stock 4.1 with Heimdall
To encrypt or install security app like Prey?
Google Play website doesn't show all previously installed apps
Will factory resetting wipe/clear away pre-installed apps?
Best designed android ROM for LG Optimus 2X P990
Will my Android device change to Gingerbread when I factory reset it?
Can you factory reset an Android device but not wipe away info on the SD card?
Driver issues when using Samsung Galaxy SIII via USB for development
How to make a normal apk with .dex inside it from an apk which is odexed?
Long texts not sending; if I set my phone to split them up, some don't go through
How much internal storage for apps does Nexus 4 have?
Starting an app when the screen is locked?
Can't get Nexus 4 to be recognized by computer
SD card not recognized by Acer A500
Keep getting "Error retrieving information from server. [RH-01]" from the play store
GT-I9100G screen replacement
Use a USB Controller with Xoom without adapter
Kid friendly fix for out of memory errors in Froyo
Redeem Google Checkout coupon on Google Play
Will a shutdown Android phone wake me up (like feature phones do)?
Cannot see special characters on Polaris Office
How can I stream music/audio from Android and PC to Android device via WiFi?
CM10 on Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 n8010 missing things
Stuck in Encryption Mode
Why does text disappear after browser page load on a HTC MyTouch 4G?
Siri-like answers in Google Voice Search on 4.2
Screen on Galaxy Nexus goes off, hard reset required to resolve this. What can I do?
How can I draw over other apps?
Is using chargers of phone not meant for it harmful to the battery?
Android news app that fetches by topic
Accounts disappearing on Samsung S3
Can't move any applications to SD Card- "Couldn't Move App" error
Restrict Mobile data but exclude some apps
How to choose which joined contact to use for contact image?
missed calls not appearing as notifications
How do one know which folder is created by which Android apps?
How do one know what is the reasons why an android apps exit with exceptions?
What the s*!+ do I do to make the 4.2 swipe keyboard stop censoring me?
How can one move the position of the application inside the launcher?
What is the apps for the the two icons shown
How do I enable Google Now on my Galaxy Note 2 (NT-7100)?
ClockworkMod Recovery makes corrupt backups
How to stop Foursquare from turning on Wi-Fi?
Where to find description of all "/system/bin/service" calls?
Are there location tracking apps that would send data to my server?
How does GS3 dual SIM adapter work?
How to prepare myself & smartphone/tablet in the event it goes missing or is stolen?
Nexus 4 / 7 and Wi-Fi incompatibility
What can be saved before factory reset?
How can I decrypt an encrypted SD card (HTC Evo 4G) on a different device?
When Flashing a ROM should I back up Google Apps?
Reducing bandwidth while using Facebook chat
Is it possible to Boot into Safe Mode on an Android Device as a Precautionary Measure If Required?
Unfortunately, contacts has stopped Galaxy note 1 stock firmware
In using a VNC to control a computer, is it possible to have the cursor go to where you touch?
How can I get a voice confirmation of an alarm?
Samsung Android phone / tablet drivers without using the Samsung Kies
Non-root methods to mount USB storage devices
Can one avoid losing everything on a Galaxy Nexus when applying a new ROM (safely)?
Back up not only games, but also game progress before flashing ROMS
Android 4.2: How to get the Easter Egg, a new daydream, and Developer options?
How to disable proximity sensor
Why does Spotify say that there is no Internet connection available when there is one (Samsung Galaxy S)?
Need browser with websocket and full screen mode support
Is there a camera app which would let you access the gallery?
How do you configure a Nexus 7/10 for family use
How do I copy Opera Mini browser cookies?
Are there any landline phones running Android?
Recovery Mode does not find internal nor external storage
I can't upgrade my S III software from 4.0.4 to 4.1.1
Install Android-x86 on USB drive
Help with LG Optimus Logic Memory
Is there a way to enable the headphone output for audio while using HDMI for video?
How to stop Chrome from causing Download folder to reappear in gallery?
Is there a simple way to undo an app update?
Advanced searching in Play app store?
Are there sandbox apps that does not require the phone to be rooted?
Used code bought on internet to unlock Galaxy S3 from 3 UK to O2-UK. Will rooting the device harm it?
Why do the photos taken on my HTC One X not have a date/time displayed on them?
HTC Desire HD unlocked, cannot connect to 3G
Can I rollback the stock system by just installing an older image zip?
Where do I find the minimum requirements for an app?
Crashing video camera in CyanogenMod 7.2
Scan barcode from the mobile screen itself
Nexus 4 getting "No Service" until a reboot after losing signal
Nexus 4 random reboots
Can my Android phone be hacked without installing permissions?
Make apps force close automatically without going into settings
Google Services is killing my battery by keeping phone awake
Samsung Galaxy S No Unlock Screen
Exchange - exclude emails from being sent to my phone
Screen timeout versus secured lock time
How to place replies in the same folder as the original message on the IMAP email app?
Image and video files disappear from the SD Card
Cannot turn Nexus 7 on after locking the screen
Can't swipe down notifications on Nexus 4
What's the difference between the Sony Ericsson Xperia Active ST17i, the ST17i-BKW, ST17a, and the ST17a-BKO?
How to copy the current URL in Chrome?
No display but touch screen working on Samsung Galaxy Gio
Antenna Patch/Adaptor for Galaxy Nexus i9250
Extract or view data usage for specific times
Can I reset the Kindle Fire HD and power off without going to setup?
Applications moved to SD card cannot be loaded
Choose default music player to play / pause music on hands-free button press
Custom Rom installation for defy
Youtube videos open in browser by default
Change predefined SMS messages as a reply to being busy
What does it mean by "Set permissions read, write / read, write / none for *.db file"?
How can I pipe the input audio of a Bluetooth headset into Google Now?
Google talk/voice not ringing on my PC when I am logged in on my Android phone
Where does Android store the "default application for file type (open with)" settings?
Use Quick Responses with Google Voice
How can I set up additional email folders on my Galaxy S3?
Convert + to 00 for international calling
Syncing music without iTunes...or can you?
SHARP Aquos 104sh moves cursor to wrong location
XMBC select does not work with MK802III and Logitec wireless kb/mousepad - how to resolve?
System audio files appearing in playlist
If I tap and hold on the homescreen, nothing happens
What is BluetoothTest process?
Videos working on my website do not work when viewed from Android browser
some Android text lines appeared on the screen that are changing constantly
Upgrading one phone by copying the update file from an identical phone
Problems with installing stock ROM for Nexus S
How to get mobile site in Firefox to be displayed as in Chrome for Android if spoofing doesn't help?
What kind of hardware is needed to run Skype well?
Android remote screen display & control
Camera app on HTC Sensation keeps crashing
Asus Transformer 4.1.1 Email Widget shows "Waiting for sync" forever
Uninstalling Voice Commands was apparently a terrible idea?
What is the status icon that looks like a house?
Improve Nexus 4 Vibration Intensity
How can I make the system folder writable without rooting?
What are the minimum hardware specifications for Android?
If I relocate to another country, will I still be able to access the Play Store and use my purchased Apps, Books, Magazines, Music, Movies and TV?
Moon+ Reader Pro TTS
How to deal with (orphaned) WakeLocks?
How do you install samsung Kies to an alternative hard drive?
Where is the NFC hardware located?
How can I take a screenshot on a Kindle Fire HD?
Why does my device turn Wi-Fi on by itself?
Android directly uninstall from home screen by drag and drop
Why did a crash at 100% battery cause instant drain to zero?
SGS2 I9100 Suddenly relocked itself (network)
Contacts and Phone icons missing
How to take a screenshot of an entire scrolling activity?
Has Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean officially released for the Samsung Galaxy SIII?
How does Google Play work out if an app is compatible with my device?
How do i find my Mobilenumber on my Samsung Galaxy 5
Galaxy Nexus won't connect via USB
Clear search history in ebook reader App (Desire S)
How to change the display refresh rate of an android device
How to make custom apps to appear by default in the lower dock panel in my custom ROM
Definitive Guide to Customs Roms?
Droid 4 puts itself into silent mode
Rooting Exagerate XZPAD700
Connectivity problem on LG Viper LS840 just updated to Ice Cream Sandwich
Incorrect Read Receipt generated by default mail app on Android 4
My samsung galaxy player 5 does not connect to the internet, but apparently connects to my router
Install official Europe ICS ROM on Optimus 2x outside Europe
Default dialer on Samsung Galaxy S3
Installing custom apps on a Nexus 7
Error 504 when downloading apps from Play Store?
Network Connectivity in GSM/WCDMA mode
LG DoublePlay: Boot looping after replacing framework-res.apk
Swype keyboard not swyping
Galaxy Note 10.1 recurring tasks in Exchange: sync problem
How to find pid of Battery Service?
How to avoid duplicate generated calendar entries?
Can we install the stock ROM for P3110 on P3113? (7 inch Galaxy Tab 2)
How to prevent sleep while installing lots of updates?
Mediaserver using excessive CPU time and battery
Double calendar notifications
Exchange e-mails deleted from Samsung Galaxy S III when downloaded on computer
Downloaded music plays on PC and transfers to phone, but some files don't show up in phone library after transfer
Intel HAXM and Host GPU on Mac OS 10.8.2 (NVIDIA)
Invalid IMEI on motorola A853 milestone
Firefox for Android: Download a video file
How to make use of the entire screen area on Android 4.1 in full-screen mode?
Android applications need WiFi but I have only ethernet connection
Remove Facebook events but keep birthdays from calendar
How can I import / export contacts as VCF in Sony Xperia Tipo Dual
How to take a picture and uploading it with a comment to Flickr, Facebook, and Twitter?
How to get the camera's auto white balance to work on a Nexus 4
How to remove unused folders created by apps?
What SIM card size does the Nexus 7 use?
Keyboard in alphabetical sequence (ABC layout keyboard)
Unable to access Google account in Android Market on HTC Desire HD
I can FastBoot my device. How can I reinstall an Android image to it?
How to prevent the OTA Jellybean update on Droid RAZR Maxx
Can SwiftKey be moved to the system partition?
How much battery savings to expect from SetCPU?
Where can I see synced contacts
Hard Wired Aux In not working
How can I get my Galaxy S3 to behave at night? (turn off LED and notifications, etc.)
why "ls -al" does not show file size info in /dev/socket directory?
Unable to turn on screen during calls
Samsung Galaxy S3 not booting up, just shows ”Samsung Galaxy S3 GT-19300” black screen
Import data from ColorNote app?
Use fixed keyboard for a given app
How to check if an APK contains native code?
Nexus 7 wont boot after complete discharge
Samsung galaxy tab2 P3100 "android.process.media" stopped issue?
Apps missing after sd card unmount
Push notifications to my Droid on local network
Galaxy Note 2 shows no sim card after radio flash
Control phone on MacBook Pro via bluetooth?
Google Voice "Call With..."
Changing menu button positions
How to flash stock ROM .DZ file on a semi-bricked LG Android phone?
Reinstall default apps on Galaxy S3 before updating to Jelly Bean
What would cause the existence of a /sdcard/logfile.log?
Network Error when invoking Google Now
How to access a webservice running on a Win7 PC from an unrooted Android device via USB?
How to know if a custom ROM uses existing swap partition
Syncing playlists between Ubuntu and Android smartphone
support of Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean CM10 ROM on Samsung Galaxy Ace s5830
What is the typical range when using ANT+ on Android?
Can I permanently disable the cell/radio of my phone?
How Can I Root my Sony Ericsson Xperia Tipo Dual?
Changing the Google Now voice back to male?
Can I clear out broken/uninstalled apps that still show up in the app list?
Meaning of notification LED colour for Samsung Galaxy S III?
Unable to connect Galaxy S3 to PC via USB
How to have adb recognizing my Nikon s800c on windows 7?
Rarely get 4G service on my HTC Rezound
Will an Asus Transformer Pad Infinity work in the UK if I ship it over from USA
croatian symbols
Communicating with micro USB to Ethernet
Is there a way to tell if a boot loader can be unlocked before purchase?
How do you force Google Search App to keep Safe Search Filtering on
Disable a specific WiFi network from automatically connecting to in Android
I want to remove credit card information from Play Store
Is it possible to keep track when my Android phone is startup and when it is shutdown?
Emergency Firmware Recovery
Can we connect a normal earphone / headphone to a Android device?
LG Optimus Logic Transferring apps to Micro SD instead of internal memory
Free app to block calls and SMS based on pattern
Can SIP be restricted to certain Networks?
Debugging crashes on Jelly Bean
Not able to connect xperia tipo to Ubuntu
My device is getting slow, apps start misbehaving/crashing. What can I do?
Modifying stock firmware
Show Fullscreen Portrait Layout with Miracast
Limited internal storage, how to shift stuff to sd card
Music volume turning off when headphones moved around
Get internet access via bluetooth
Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 P3110 - Chinese want Western
How can I redirect a call, incall
Can you reprogram the motorola-droid-razr-m screen buttons? Does it require Rooting?
How do you delete thousands of text messages at once?
Will flashing ROMs multiple times degrade the performance of phone?
Flashed my phone without rooting and now it doesn't work
Can Android 4.03 send file/image batches?
Is there a facebook app that does not read your location?
Can't take screenshots on a rooted device
Other apps to manage permissions?
How to Use Camera in ICS to store images on internal memory?
How to confirm if motherboard is broken
2 android tablets have the same MAC address
Losing network connections when using GPS
Which will work better on t-mobile: Samsung Galaxy S3 GT-i9300 or GT-i9305?
Setting Tasker app to disable one finger touch after opening a specific app?
Is it "safe" to provide users with the apk file?
Image instant uploading isn't working
How can I verify that a widget updates only when it's visible?
Why is there such a difference in the amount of internal memory?
Samsung Galaxy Note will not Turn On after Android 4.1.1 Upgrade
What are the Android 4.0.x Ice Cream Sandwich Easter Eggs?
Samsung Galaxy Tab frozen on update via Kies and no longer working
I lost all my contacts on Samsung Galaxy S GT-I9000
Hide contacts with only email address
can't open recovery menu after installing recovery clockworkmod 5.0.2.6 galaxy ace fix
Why did /sdcard/ turn into /sdcard/0/ with 4.2?
How to select content language on Google Play Movies
My external sd card keeps losing files
I lost my Android smartphone. Play Store tells me that someone has inserted a SIM card. How can I find out the phone number?
How to test multi-user feature of 4.2 JellyBean on Nexus 7 tablet emulator?
Transfer data from desktop to an emulator
How to create a newline on keyboard
How can I transfer photos to my Android Jelly Bean device while preserving the original timestamp?
Default Launcher Crashing at Reboot, Access only to Status Bar and Settings
Error Connecting Nexus 7 to Ubuntu 12.10
Auto sync only when connected to a specific wifi network
Touchscreen falsly registering multiple taps on single tap
Lock screen stuck in landscape mode on Galaxy Tab 10.1
How to create an update.zip file that can copy & rename a file?
Android phones with native SIP client?
sluggish performance due to mmcqd CPU usage
Dban on android
Gmail - one notification for all new messages
Can the Kindle app scroll mobi files vertically?
Allwinner tablets factory resetting for no reason
Problem rooting kindle with 6.3.1
Schedule Auto Shutdown on Android
How to mark messages from Field Trip as read?
sd card keeps getting unmounted when htc sensation is being charged
Redirecting incoming calls to different numbers depending on WiFi connectivity
Tried hack to force 4.2 update, result is a broken play store. Theories?
Samsung Galaxy Ace GT-S5830 neither goes into Download Mode nor RAM Dump Mode
Nexus 7 won't show up as a drive on Windows in MTP mode after update to Android 4.2
Recovering deleted files from unrooted Galaxy Nexus
Radio and inbound Calls Volumes Can be set separately?
Videos are directly streaming onto my default player. Want to open in Opera so I can download it
Rooting a Wynncom G1 Android Phone [ Spreadtrum SP8810 ]
Does the Google Play app always updates automatically?
adb "Permission denied" to run a "./configure" file
Where can I find the ANDROID_ID on my device?
Buying from Play store using a credit card with foreign billing address
How can I copy media files to my phone without adding them to the gallery?
How to connect Android phone to a Wifi network using PPPoE?
Is it possible to show ongoing notifications under regular notifications?
What are the differences between ClockworkMod and Team Win Recovery for the Nexus 7?
Factory Reset Android Developer Phone without password
Second partition can't be mounted (link2sd)
How can I monitor and log data connection mode and rate, and log with location?
What is the difference between unmanaged vs managed in-app product?
FFMpeg stream to FFServer from Back Camera
Connecting multiple USB devices using a USB hub that connect to the USB port of a Android devices
How can I choose a music player?
Is it possible to set device's Latitude and Longitude using ADB SHELL?
How to change the home dock icons on TouchWiz?
Can I transfer application from account to account on a single tablet?
Will I be able to change the region on my HTC desire S?
How to know if a webview is using https
Sony Reader PRS-T1 becomes unresponsive
Mail app keeps freezing (Jelly Bean 4.1.2 on Samsung Galaxy S3)
How to limit the synchronized contacts to "My Contacts" on a Galaxy Note?
Are Amazon "Parental Controls" redundant if I disable "In-App Purchasing"?
New Nexus 4 - transfer photos and other stuff from old Nexus S
WiFi HT40 Android device sync missing
How to view the android service menu (secret menu)?
GT-P1000 pc and phone icon
How to allow installation of Non-Market apps (ICS)?
My Samsung Galaxy S2 is constantly shutting down
Pandaboard ES OMAP4460 USB Ports Technical Specifications Question
How does Android sync the WiFi Profiles?
Use android 2.3 as a wireless Mass Storage middle man
First time with Android, need help with adding media
Mobile network not displayed after I rooted my samsung galaxy 10.1 tablet
Problem after flashing Sony Xperia Mini
Does the google play store not provide updates for frozen apps?
How to get notified of new automatically archived emails in Gmail?
Switching profiles based on networks availability
How to back up applications in Android?
HTC ONE X: Rooting and boot loader
How to run android phone flawlessly ?
Route Application through Mobile Data when on Wifi
Server Password changed for email on s3, unable to sign in, connection error
People can't hear me on my Samsung Galaxy S3
RPC:S-5:AEC-0 error on brand new tablets
What is "Fast bluetooth connection" on my Cyanogenmod?
What's the cause of "Application not installed" error?
Can I clone my (mifare classic) Access card with an Android device?
Can not unlock my Android device as have no internet connection?
Can I convert my Samsung Focus - SAMSUNG SGH-i917 to an Android platform?
Enable wallpaper scrolling for HTC Sense 4+
Is there a way to log off from your Android 4.2 tablet user account?
Mute Emergency alert in Google Now (without removing it)
Use of swap size while partitioning?
Lost all files on /sdcard when transfering files from PC
How do I access my phone (not my SD card) from my computer?
Set custom DPI for different apps?
Trying to use Xbox controller on Nexus 7
What should I do now to move apps to SD in my Samsung Galaxy S Duos (ICS)?
Input languages to Jelly Bean on Galaxy S3
Frequent, unexplainable "Download unsuccessful" using stock browser on Droid 3
GT I9300 clockworkmod Cyanogen 10 nightly external SD not mounting
Cannot open webpage after connected to Wi-Fi/3G
3G/Wi-Fi Vs Wi-Fi Only Enabled Android Tablets: Pros & Cons to the Consumer?
Google Maps not showing actual location
Will using my phone whilst charging make it charge slower?
Make iso of sdcard + data directory
Poor reliability of voice recognition
Can I install a ROM made for a different device?
Why is there such a difference in thr amount RAM used?
Ice cream sandwich tablet saying the internal SD card was removed?
What is the actual risk of bricking when rooting for new ROM
How to disable "Wi-Fi disconnected" dialogue?
Is there any other way to get updates to frozen apps?
Message Memory Full, Incoming message rejected
How can I recover deleted calendar events?
How can I mute the camera shutter on Motorola RAZR i (ICS, without rooting)
Fascinate gets to download mode and splash (boot loop) but not recovery mode
HTC one X Gallery Pics and videos are not visisble
Market not working on droid 2 with 2.3.3 after factory reset
How to change facebook profile avatar and cover photo from Android app?
How can you send email to a Gmail Contact Group?
Why do I get `Error Cannot play track` from the Walkman app when I use the `Queue track` feature?
Stream video over Samba or nfs to Android device
Customize number display on dial pad on Android 4
How do I set my contact picture for text messaging with my Huawei Fusion?
Control Android TV with Android Phone
Received Contact via WhatsApp is stored in Phone - How to move it to Google without losing the image
Connecting Galaxy S2 ICS to Kies
Best Practice for transferring images to an Android phone?
WiFi Hotspot Security?
Looking for an alternative to Smart Statusbar
Remap search key to power button on Android 2.3
USB Debugging turned off at reboot
Cyanogenmod remains in a bootloader loop
Why can't Banshee Remote connect to server?
software does not want to update
Simulate Touchscreen Input On Android?
How can I resume cancelled app dowloads after attaching a Google account?
How do I turn on Safe Search ICS 4.0.4?
I want to prevent Google Market from upgrading to Google Play store
Where do you find the password attempts setting or option in ICS?
Want to download an unsupported app, but says it will replace an app
How to root my Motorola Flipside?
Install an app on android without SD card
Lock screen shown when notification selected
Cannot Accept Google Android Market Terms and Conditions on Samsung Galaxy 7" tablet
Trouble with SD card in Prestigio Multipad PMP3370B
How can I transfer files from PC to Phone or vice versa without internet
Update ClockWorkMod
How to send a text to multiple recipients with personalised details filled in from their contact information?
Trouble updating GT-p1000 p1000jxjj1
Pressing volume keys causes songs to skip
Touchscreen problems with a rk2918 tablet
Why won't my Galaxy Tab 2 connect with WiFi or USB?
CM9 skips to the next song, even on short presses
Why are my photographs not stored with GPS location?
Why does Kies select one photo cover for all of my song?
How to explain rooting, recovery and custom ROMs to a beginner?
SGS2 Replace preinstalled apps in Custom ROM
Easy question: How do I search for apps on my S3?
HTC Evo 4g LTe Jellybean (JB) charge only
Apps force close on a Galaxy Ace GT-S5830i
Streaming Songs as Alarms on my Nexus One to Bluetooth Speakers
TMobile G2X as dev phone
My device is trying to open mSecure app whenever I launch an internet browser
Tar header contains invalid size
Clockworkmod Backup/Restore Feature
Flashing new radio to my Desire HD
Xbox Smartglass does not install for another user
Is there a way to switch between radio modes without the phone radio completely shutting down?
Brand new galaxy tab 2 7.0 can't connect to wifi? Authentication error every time I try
Stuck at Turning WiFi on
How to mount my Galaxy Nexus storage under Debian?
Performing a Factory Reset a woo tablet
Problem installing skype
searching emails in s3
How can I enter download mode on LG Doubleplay?
locked out of my android tablet and am not connected to the internet
How to have unused apps not take up resources
Is it possible to handle cell phone calls through a Samsung Galaxy Player?
Unable to use SIM TOOL KIT on HTC
Samsung Galaxy S2 stops during boot
Unable to connect my Nexus 7 to a PC
Android Media Player Achieva Astone A100 missing VPN
Send and receive text messages on computer using galaxy s2
ADB 'su: permission denied' in recovery mode on rooted device
Getting internet for Galaxy Tab 2 from Galaxy S3
S Memo missing after OS upgrade
continuous booting of PIPO M2
Change stock Clock app timer noise?
Twitter and SMS
Samsung Galaxy S II won't start
Record android screen Droid Razr
How does Titanium Backup work? When will it not work?
What is "Detach from Market"? What does it do?
Failed to start monitoring 0123456789ABCDEF
Do widgets run if not on current home screen?
Why I am unable to check balance on BSNL Mobile in Android Phone?
Not all media files discovered by media apps
Accidentally hit PIT during Odin update now phone is stuck
HTC Chacha - random facebook notifications?! please help!
How do I debug my wi-fi connection?
Nexus 7 is stuck in reboot loop after full discharge
Lock screen orientation on Nexus 4
Backup using adb on a phone with a dead screen
How exactly does operating system update work on Android devices?
How to block SMSs from certain "named" senders?
Amazon Free App of the day app, will not install on Kindle Fire
Samsung Captivate not booting after root
Samsung s3 Unlock
Add an APN to Samsung Galaxy S3 running 4.1.1
Replace audio cable with wireless solution
How to switch between touchscreen and mouse (or enable both)?
Samsung Galaxy S having internal sd card problems
Xperia Play MTP driver fails to install
How to backup&restore Android device?
How can I see what kind of car charger I have?
Transferring pdfs from computer to android
Does the Bluetooth/Google Now "Initializing" bug exist on Razr Maxx HD?
Flash boot.img without using fastboot USB
How to 'record' a trip - places I visited?
How to force phone to switch to faster mobile data network during file transfer
Application backup/restore - for saving resources
Backup and restore CM10 on broken razr
How can I tell Google Play Music to store the audio files on the removable micro SD card (and not on the internal storage)?
Links from Gmail all open in same Chrome tab
Issues with the TouchWiz music app on my Galaxy Note 2
What is the installation size of a clean build of 4.2?
Is Android a 32-bit or 64-bit OS?
Why Angry Birds App doesn't load / open?
How can I get Facebook and Google contacts to sync in 4.2?
What is the drop control on Instagram?
Show an app's context menu on Nexus 7
Why don't my text-message conversations pile up?
Getting rid of "Tethering Detected" popup on Android ICS 4.0?
Is it possible to have the same apps from the same amazon account on 2 different devices?
How to go to a specific time of a video clip quickly in Youtube?
No Service on Galaxy SL GT I9003
“Error while retrieving information from server [DF-DFERH-01]” on Play Store
Streaming from Google music cloud to wireless speaker or airplay
Scanning receipts for paperless environment
How to reboot an android device without using power button?
How can I webcast a live drawing session with Android?
How to unlock the android phone after "too many patterns attempted"?
How can I view only one task list in Jorte?
Phone restarting over and over after rooting Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830i
S Note larger canvas?
How do I script my phone?
Selecting 720p format on Nexus 7
Can't explore files on my Sony Xperia U using my Ubuntu 12.10 laptop
Apps can't connect to internet
Is there way to install ICS on Galaxy Pocket?
Recover Google account password without unlinking/deleting the main account from android device
Change permission on file in /sys folder
Options for operating phone remotely
How to make Android phone as my wireless dialer, so that i can dial the phone and send / receive SSH, FTP etc?
Maximize Lockscreen widget?
Network unlock code not working
Wifi not working on samsung s2
Can a Nexus 7 connect to an Android 2.2 Wi-Fi tethering access point?
Galaxy S with Cyanogenmod 10 (stable): File Manager needs root permission to access the external SD card
How to root my LG Escape?
Reduce in call volume
g-mail app: download without an attachment
Trying to install a stock rom on a samsung captivate
What is the applypatch tool and how does one use it?
How to extract SMS from an HTC One ICS SMS backup file?
Where are displayed shortcuts stored?
Log for WiFi on Android Tablet
Unable to locate play store after flashing my android phone to CM7
How can I successfully run this script on a emulated terminal on Android?
Kindle Fire HD 7" runs very slowly after rooting
Xperia J becomes little unresponsive after I make or receive a call
What folders should I backup to my computer
Kies is not working after flashing cyanogenmod on my Samsung Android phone
What should I do before I try advanced troubleshooting
How to get rid of bogus "Phone storage full" message (cannot send SMSs)
What are my firmware options for Desire HD
App install failed but files are still filling up the phone
Installing different language on phone
Nexus 7 says it's charging but it isn't
Why aren't Android updates published simultaneously for all users in the same continent?
NFC Peer2Peer Mode - Android Beam - ISO 18092
keep losing names from numbers on my contacts list in my HTC desire s
Stop old posts from reappearing in Facebook News Feed
Restart camera service
Android 4.0.4 - Wifi WPA-PSK hex password too long
What difference does it make that I have two SD cards
Hardware ID missing on Galaxy S3 after Windows update
Restore deleted photos
USB on the go cable with power for HTC one X?
text message notification interrupting voice calls samsung galaxy s2
galaxy tab 2 usb issues
Tasker Newbie Question
how to connect blue yeti mic to galaxy nexus
Low internal memory, but high local and SD memory
How to install extensions on Android's stock browser?
How can I get a phone app on a tablet?
Can I install Android 4.2.1 AOKP IceColdJelly ROM on my HTC One X by AT&T?
select ip phone account for native dialer
Is HTC one X AT&T and HTC one XL same?
How to get Recovery without the Hardware key
Rooting failed htc one x : adb server is out of date
Google apps settings deleted
birthday duplicates after removing google account and adding it again
"Settings" hangs when scanning for WiFi since JB update on One X
Is it safe to install cyogenMod on my rooted, bricked , then unrooted Samsung Captivate
Does stock Android have a panorama camera feature?
Different methods of moving apps to SD card
How can I get location detection working on my Pocket TV?
Empty SIM contacts list, but they still show up in contact details
How to root Samsung Galaxy Discover?
Why is screen sometimes unresponsive when receiving calls
Samsung Galaxy s2 not showing missed calls
Android ADB unable connect with IP address
How do I arrange the icons manually in the app menu?
Reverting LG GT540 to its old interface
Does installing the clockworkmod recovery require rooting galaxy s2?
Broken Camera - Galaxy S3
Get the first time Android device launched or used
How to install same app more than once on same device
Can I relight my hardware keyboard?
Names not shown from number anymore
Transfer a file from Android to a PC (not in the same network)
Android 4.2 Nexus 7 Update "Assert failed: apply_patch_check()"
Cannot find apps on SDcard after flashing Custom ROM
Saving battery life: pressing home button or back button
Error downloading apps in Google Play Store with Samsung Galaxy S3: "Package file invalid"
Why do some earphones work but some have garbled audio on my phone?
A2DP Bluetooth audio randomly shows "(no media)"
Lag when opening Data Manager Settings
Backlight flickering at low brightness levels
SD card won't format on my Samsung Galaxy S3
Am I consuming "roaming" services?
How can I check the firmware version of my ONDA V712?
Private keys cannot be verified in recovery
Is there way to switch between proxy settings on ICS?
HTC Desire Z stuck in boot-loop
How do I make JB use my external sd card (/storage/extSdCard)
Connectify doesn't work with Android
Copy application data file from internal memory to sdcard via update.zip script
LG L3 : difference between system memory and internal memory
"Low on space" message on an android tablet
High CPU usage from UEventObserver and inputmethod.latin (Nexus S)
Set MP3 as ringtone on CyanogenMod 10
Can't update or unroot Droid Bionic, or reinstall deleted apps
How do i know if my touch screen has HW problem after flashing
How do I use an external USB keyboard?
Sync problems with Samsung Galaxy I9000
Does rooting your phone always involve installing/using tools?
Does a special NFC Chip have to be installed before using the phone as a charge card?
Is it possible to reinstall stock Android on the Nexus 7
Do DropBox favorites sync?
saving route while still connected to wifi
Problem after updating Galaxy S3 to Android 4.1.1
Retrieving text messages from stolen Android phone
How do I set the correct time zone on my Nexus 4?
Purchasing sd card will solve "insufficient memory storage" issue?
Broken screen, need to boot to original firmware
Can you actually determine the mAh of a battery?
How to solve "application can not be installed" error
GPS issues, location permission - one app only
How can I symlink the /cache folder on boot?
can galaxy tab 2 gt-p5113 receive internet calls?
WiFi Direct Doesn't Work
Galaxy S2 not charging
How do I disable/change the NFC sounds?
SGS running CyanogenMod 10 headphone volume cap
Does the YouTube App on the Nexus 10 allow the selection of a default video playback resolution?
Play Store server error
MTP mounts vs USB storage - restrictions
Does Android have a formal release cycle?
Calendar Attending Flag not synchronizing with Exchange Acceptance
portable Wi-Fi hotspot configuraiton
My Android screen is not responding
Displaying age of contact on birthday calendar events
Is it possible to filter Google Play search results by permission?
How can I see how "Internal" storage is used
Is the "What's here?" Google maps feature known from the PC/Browser available on Android?
0 ram free on ICS
Copy SD Card contents to USB HDD
What's the security implication of having an unlocked boot loader?
Incoming call notification that supports landscape mode
How to turn off camera click sound on Samsung Galaxy S2?
LG Optimus G and Mac OSX
BlueStacks with proxy
Where is the code for the Bootloader stored in an Android phone?
Mirror the Android Tablet Browser to Windows Browser
My screen got broken, how to see on the computer what I'm doing in my device?
Transfer a large file from PC to smartphone
Installation of BusyBox on panda board on Android ICS kernel
Skipping audio track using headphones
Can't connect an already booted device to adb
SD card unexpectedly removed
How to create duplicate bookmarks in Android?
Invalid IMEI on HTC One X after factory reset
How can I determine if my device has USB Host Mode (OTG) support?
What's a good way to read PDF musical scores on Android tablet in rehearsal and performance?
What is the origin and purpose of RS_##.log files?
Getting "E:Error in /sdcard/.zip (status 7)" while upgrading Android Nexus 4.0.1 to 4.1.x (Jelly bean)
What are "Manual Updates" in Google Play Store?
Click2Call with Google Voice on Android
Galaxy S3 with 4.1.1 ActivSync contacts not showing
Why the battery need to be loaded before to root?
Remove Device from Market Account?
Do widgets slow down Android phone?
What would it take to turn my Android phone into a full-fledged TV gaming console?
How to understand failure cause from Android system recovery?
Read product reviews and find better alternatives by scanning barcode
Quick NOTETAKING with Android
What is FxStreamingTexture and why does it fill up my logcat?
How can I make it so that any user can chmod in my fuse-mounted ext4-formatted /sdcard?
Is the setting OFF/ON of the security flag different from enabling/disabling of fastboot?
Replacing SystemUI.apk and dependencies
How come I can't install Google Maps in Israel?
What is the difference between USB Mass Storage and USB Debug mode?
How can I move application user data (user specific settings, savegames, ...) to a different user?
fastboot not working on my Nexus 4
How do I turn off Galaxy Tab completely?
Contact Organizer
What is google's policy regarding the images of the apps?
Windows 8 driver error with SGS
Secret code not working on my phone when it is working on others?
htc one s android update - how?
App that optimizes images to set as lockscreen?
Android Market gone after emulator reboot on Windows
Face scanner usage with CM 10.1 on Galaxy s3 i9300
I need to view the saved WiFi passwords on my non-rooted Android phone
Does USB tethering degrade droid batteries?
Why does my google maps keeps on crashing even though i'm not using it at all?
Motorola Defy + Keeps Rebooting
How to use Tasker to kill apps on/after device boot?
How to upgrade hboot
Why does Google Play Store say that Adobe Air is incompatible with the Huawei U8510 phone?
What exactly does CalDAV-Sync do?
Installing HD Games on HTC Desire SV,low memory
Nexus i9250 constantly reboots, freezes, etc
Recovery mode can't read fat32 sd card, only exfat
I am unable to paste. Is there a solution to this bug that doesn't involve rooting or factory-resetting the phone?
There is no Cell Broadcast option in HTC Desire C
wpa_supplicant and driver nl80211
my GT-S 5830 frequently restarting after factory reset
What is JTAG in regards to Android?
What are Android's secret telephony codes?
Remotely send music to Android device
How to disable autofocus and set focus to infinity?
Enabling Android as USB host on Galaxy Nexus or Nexus 10
Is continuous focus a 4.0-only feature?
Music stutters on ICS
Sending an automated SMS before switching off the phone
Google Voice - Separate ringtone but maintain caller ID?
Custom sort the notebooks in Evernote
ro.custom.build.version is not changing at phone info
Shark for Root not working
Is it possible to connect a Android phone display to a TV or PC Monitor?
Can rooting be the cause of battery drainage?
How to upgrade Android 2.3 to 4.0 on ARM 11 based Tablet?
Chrome browser closed after receving a call
Will playing a game in a Android phone while charging damage or cause harm to the battery or the phone?
DC-HSPA Cellular Standard Indicator
Kaspersky fails to load
Internet Apps are not working but browser works just fine and i am able to access websites
Samsung Galaxy S2 can't transfer pics, shuts down by itself, does not charge
Allow only specific apps to use cell data, only when on 3G
Disable or lock Google Play on my android phone
Accelerometer, Orientation failded to start : Unknown error
SGS with CM10 says sdcard is full although there is plenty of space
How to set a default keyboard language on the lock screen?
How to protect my Google account credentials on my Android phone?
Get RSS link from page into RSSDemon
Can't find Google Now in CyanogenMod 10.0 for Galaxy S2
Can Swype be downloaded from a PC and transfered to the phone by a USB cable?
Karbon A9+ System space and Internal Storage
What are the pros and cons of selling rooted androids for resale "as-is" to the general public?
What is AlertRecipients system process?
Cannot access internal memory due to cyanogenmod encryption, how can i decrypt the device?
Vi-style text editing method for Android UI
Continuous clicking sound on the jack
How do I root my Nook HD?
Erase successful, but not automatically formatting. Can't determine partition type - Jelly bean 4.1.2 with Nexus S
Bluetooth keyboard pairs but does not appear as an input device?
Where can i download the original music and player app for Samsung i9000 to be used with Android 4.1.2?
How can I hide the on-screen buttons but keep the status bar
Adding a Contacts Group on Android doesn't sync to Google Contacts
How to use Android in Wi-Fi repeater mode by bridging Wi-Fi with Access Point?
Android Ad-Hoc Wi-Fi support
Headset works on music but not on call
Poor signal strengths on Samsung S950C Galaxy S Inside the house
How to sync photos from Aperture on Mac to Android?
Using an audio dock on CM10.1 i9100
How does the Ubuntu Phone OS relate to the Android OS?
What's the difference between the galaxys2 and i9100 CyanogenMod builds?
Lock screen when proximity sensor is covered
Analyzing packets in android
Haptic feedback settings in Android 4.1.1?
How can I make two Android devices show the same video simultaneously?
why does my android show -67 on my email icon?
Need fonts of a different language to show up on android or atleast Instapaper
application cannot be installed in the default install location?
Music plays through phone speaker instead of headphones when app is opened?
Why are there two settings apps, Settings and Settings Storage
Voice Recorder "Phone Storage"
I have to triple tap everything on Galaxy Tab 10.1
Sharing files between users in 4.2.1
Acer a510 touch screen not responding to some fingers
how to sort my contacts from pc on google account to most frequently used. not including the default email list
Finding the true URL of a Web radio stream
Galaxy Ace Duos S6802 jelly bean support
How do I connect to a EAP-SIM authenticated network (namely FreeWifi_secure from Free Mobile)?
Is it possible to allow user only installation of certain apps?
Is it possible to install two instances of a same app?
Location of Recent Apps screenshot directory
How to view the files from /root/data folder?
is it possible to have the gps location while offline with the nexus 7?
How to connect using WPA2-Enterprise on Android Devices?
Can I have different volumes settings for notifications and ringtones with Nexus 4/Android 4.2?
How can I use a CyanogenMod theme with a stock rooted Galaxy S III?
How to make 3G Video Calls?
How to upgrade HBOOT from 0.80.0007 to 1.01.0001
How to remove unneeded icons from the menu?
Rejoin the groups i had created on a previous Whatsapp account
Add calendar event from QR-encoded vcard
Do I need to wipe when upgrading from CM10 to CM10.1?
Lost my android tablet, how can I find it without a network connection?
How do I hide closed boards in the Trello Android app?
Nexus 7 boot loop
Installing "xyz firmware" vs Rooting on "xyz firmware".
Finding my Google email and password. I've made too many accounts
Working with Trello offline and synchronization
Package cannot be (re-)installed or uninstalled
What is meant by System Memory in android?
How to disable USSD notifications?
How to downgrade an HTC Desire to stock version?
Google map, not updating based on current location / position
Read External SD card
Is there an app that associates a certain action to a arbitrary NFC tag?
How do I sync with DropBox?
What happens when the Home button on Android phone is pressed?
Autocorrect is not working for Huawei Ascend G600 (U8950N)
Is there a JellyBean ROM for Xoom2 ME?
WiFi is disabled when I enable WiFi Direct
On-demand WiFi during sleep
How can I root my Lenovo Thinkpad Tablet?
Android Tablet (Sony Tablet S) with USB Barcode Scanner
How can I install CWM Recovery on my Lenovo Thinkpad Tablet?
How can I remove unwanted app icons from the screen?
How can I access internet over wi-fi rather than over my cell network?
Galaxy fit stuck at boot screen
When phone is off and I plug it in to outlet the phone turns on instead of charging
How can I boost the mic level of my Bluetooth headset?
Trading clipboard contents between phone and computer
Video conference Android phone to computer
Obtaining some 4.0 functions on a 2.3 phone through rooting?
Free / local voicemail / answering machine
Android and Google contacts not syncing
How do I disable GMail?
How do I root a Zte Origin from Solavei?
SGS i9000 runing devil kernel JB gets keyboard error + play store error
My phone crashes while charging
Making multiple files or a folder available offline in Google Drive
Android 2.3.3 Tablet cant find sd external sd card
Samsung Galaxy S: phone won't send or receive calls and text messages
Update to 4.1.2 on a Nexus S with CWM and broken USB port
Merging duplicate contacts - is my phone broken?
Stock JB ROMs for Chinese-made devices
Missed call alerts when phone busy on another call?
Help for `fat finger` on Google Galaxy Nexus
Samsung Galaxy 2.3.5 usb storage broken
Where can I see if a developer responded to my comment on the Google Play?
How to get rid of Christmas Animation from mobile screen
Stuck in USB-debugging mode
OpenVPN Tunneling Facebook/Gmail App
E-mail (imap client) sync stopped because of low memory, and will not start again, even after freeing 60Mb
How to change camera default save location?
Applications installed get deleted after connecting USB to PC
Issues making or receiving calls and texts with a LG P500 (Software Version V20e)?
How to auto-restart media playback when connecting the headphones
How secure is a sim lock?
Line in the middle of screen
Google authenticator app
Move to SDCard option Disabled
How can I deduce an app from a notification icon?
How to save photos sent in Facebook chat?
Trace/log of all activity on my android device
Install application without Google Play
Looking for stable ROM for Samsung SGH-T759
How can I remove the SIM lock from a Samsung Galaxy S?
I rooted my phone, but I never flashed the ROM and I never flashed the recovery, then I unrooted it. Can you tell its been rooted?
How to get rid of ads popup?
GS3 automatically answering incoming calls
Stop Chrome caching webpages
Accidentally deleted superuser from CyanogenMod installation. How can I re-install superuser again?
How to set a DroidWall custom script for allowing global access to the LAN via wifi?
How can I reset a ViewSonic Viewpad 7 - "recovery mode" isn't working
Google Play Store Doesn't Open
Google Play app hangs during updates
How do you prevent Google Music from importing all .mp3 files on the device?
Where do i find cwm recovery for samsung captivate?
Can adb be used to recover SMS messages while in permanent "Safe Mode"?
When I delete contact item (phone, email, etc), the item deletes but reappears
Can I use an android phone running Ice Cream Sandwich to test apps created in Gingerbread?
DroidWall and Wireless Tethering
Samsung Galaxy Tab 2.7" home screen wallpaper
What's the default Nexus 4 indicator LED behavior?
Add meta information to photos?
How to turn on/off voice typing
How do I reset the Logitech Revue to factory defaults?
Disable power-off menu when screen is locked
"Ubuntu" kernel version - what does it mean?
Why does selecting the second use on the lock screen crashes OS?
How to clean up old application folders from prior ROM?
Monitor data connection based on location constantly
Factory reset in phones that don't support SD-cards
How can I programmatically backup Android phone's settings?
Looking for a custom ROM for HTC Inspire 4G
Can Java be exploited through Android app ads?
LG P500 Rooting Isuue
Force links to open in the app, not the default browser
How to disable a specific calendars notification?
My phone reboots after a kernel oops, what can I do?
Power control widget auto rotate toggle issue
LG P500 Recovery Isuue
How do I keep audiobook separate from Google Music?
How the data on SD are encrypted in 4.0?
Customizing lock screen notifications on 2.2
Restoring an ADB backup onto a different phone of the same model?
Automatically update all Apps
Headphone controls on SGS-III
MHL with Nexus 4?
Android Automatically Adds Shortcuts To Home Screen
Why are SMS messages sent on my Samsung Galaxy S III running AOKP appear as unable to be sent?
Flash Player does not work on Android 4.0 and upwards
Cannot add users on Nexus 7
How to get back pattern lock with Exchange/ActiveSync account for Galaxt R?
How to share my laptop internet connection via wifi to my android tablet?
keep screen from dimming down when running certain app?
How can I set some handy settings on the main screen?
Trying to invoke Skype from contacts gives me an "Application not found"
where can i find settings for wifi internal scan period
How to delete synchronized pictures?
Cannot access internet even wifi is connected
Notification light on Galaxy S3 SGH-T999V with Cyanogenmod 10
How to turn off check-ins?
Forcing home/back/recent apps bar to rotate
Effective way to merge contacts
With Google Now, can I ask for directions to one of my contacts?
Cannot see, buy, or download apps
How can I automatically correct tags of music files?
Tapped Always instead of Once
Clearing a SIM Card
Could not enable mobile hotspot function on HTC One X
HTC Sense live wallpaper picker
how to assign an app to an event?
Resetting Nexus 4 with cracked and Locked Screen
How to root Lenovo a660
Insufficient space when downloading Go Launcher EX?
What does a grey Wi-Fi icon mean?
Do I need to root my phone before installing CM on my S3
When I'm turning on my internet connection(3g) on galaxy S PLUS, it starts to screen shot itself
Cannot open webpages in browsers under Bluestacks
Change background color for notification entries?
Why the music player stop playing music when taking photo?
How can I sync Yahoo Calendar on my phone?
Android X86 and Grub
Setting username and password in proxy to access internet in android 2.3.6
Data connection problem with my galaxy s3
Will Wi-Fi Direct allow me to connect to an ad-hoc network?
Why do I have so little unused RAM?
Bluetooth Headset Profile and the Nexus 7?
TECNO N3 keeps on restarting "E:Signature Verification Failed"
Random screen captures in Galaxy Tab 10.1
Bricked LG Optimus P999 using ROM Manager
Using the same apps for a second user in Nexus 7
How do I root my Nexus 7?
On screen soft mouse?
Tethering / Portable Wifi Hotspot Samsung Captivate
Is there a way to speak "Send" in order to send an SMS?
Activate Voice Actions from Lock Screen
Using a USB game controller on Android
How to setup call only mode
LG Lucid doesn't recognize SD card as extra memory when dealing with photos
How to mirror Android phone on Mac or Windows for application presentation?
SD card full bricks Android 2.2: In fsckdelay end. Kill dosfsck, ret=-1
Save SMS to phone directly
SMS Delivery reports in Ice cream sandwich dont show up
Stop Evernote from using Location based services?
How can I use the camera button to pause/resume mp3?
Viber contacts out of date - not all contacts displayed in "All" tab
how to turn off camera sound besides lowering the volume on i9220?
how to stop 3rd party video player from opening mp3 files
Nexus 10 Instantly Lost Battery Charge
Email application not displaying message bodies
Proxy app which doesn't requie any root access in android 2.3.6
Why are some files under /proc are universally readable?
Gmail notifications stopped working
Is there a way to use Chrome's phone interface on a Nexus 7 instead of the tablet interface?
How can I make toast notifications stay on screen longer?
Tasker: Run a task when a specific bluetooth device loses connection
Phone Radio uses 80% of my battery
Pure Android Download
How can I mirror something on a PC's display to my Android's display?
Vixion IRUX Tablet battery will not charge
Are JS apps effectively running through 2 VM's?
Have to clear google services framework on android ice cream sandwich
Android tablet won't reboot after rebooting using volume and power buttons
Jabiru disconnects/reconnects every 10-15 minutes when inactive
Is it possible to remove the Android smileys that replace text strings like ":)"?
Connecting Nexus 7 to external hard disk?
How do you undo a Bootloaded Android Device?
Why is root access required for a custom ROM?
HDMI output mirroring in Portrait mode
Email sync on roaming
How to keep files downloaded via Dropbox after uninstalling app
Text Messaging: Group Text Message
Missing edit icon on Galaxy S launcher
How to free up more storage (upgrading to 4.2 made me lose 6GB)?
MTP Driver fails to install for CM 10.1 on Samsung Galaxy Note II
Can I use usb OTG for serial connection between nexus 7 and Arduino?
Mobile data connection is lost "by its self", need to re-enable it manually everytime I unlock the phone
Flashing 5300 ROM on Samsung Galaxy Pocket GT-S5300B
Disable screen lock pattern
Will Google Navigation work without WiFi on Android tablet
How can I test the NFC capability of my Android?
Application not found
Samsung galaxy s2 upgrade problem
Where can I find the media downloaded from whatsapp installed on a virtual device?
Galaxy S3 Error/Crash Log Location
scp and rsync to transfer data from Linux to Android
Any way to get Wi-Fi to auto-connect only to hotspots that don't require a captive portal sign-in?
Wallpaper on Kindle Fire
How do I determine which process woke up the screen?
How to access the internal memory of HTC Explorer
How can I watch HD Amazon videos on Logitech Revue?
vCard sent to my android from an iPhone arrives as text message
What can play Ogg Opus on Android?
Set Android camera exposure setting
Video Player in Galaxy Note 10.1 keeps starting itself when connected to computer through USB
How to Root SpreadTrum SC6830 Kernel 2.6.35.7
Cannot Connect to internet via WiFi on Galaxy Tab
Can't exit airplane mode
Flashing Cyanogenmod9 - Kernel via Odin
Can I change the gmail account associated with google play store?
some apps, no problem loading on 2 devices. Not this one - help
How do I add another keyboard layout to my ICS phone?
USB storage blank or unsupported filesystem
Connecting a HDE keyboard to a Kindle Fire
How to change lock screen on a phone like it is on a Kindle Fire?
How do i find apps which weren't installed from Android Market
Will Android tablets have issues if they are always on?
Gmail Notification stopped working on Nexus 4
Nexus 7: does ruining the bootloader hard-brick the device? Or is there still a chance to recover?
Can I restore Samsung Home
USB On-the-go MIDI Keyboard with Nexus 7
Syncing between Windows 7 and Android Jellybean with Winamp
Sync contacts on android device with G+ information
How to disable WhatsApp group message notifications?
How can I push music to my Android device with Google Play Music?
Storing data on external SD Card in Android 4 (ICS) for Sony Xperia J?
Sync MP3 Ratings on Android, with MediaMonkey / MusicBee on Windows
Is it possible to create a VPN connection shortcut on home screen?
Reading pdf books on my phone
Number recognition of company number ranges
Pandigital Supernova tv audio problem
Galaxy tab 2 10.1 is showing x and y coordinates and mouse lines on the screen
Search and cancel notification with Tasker
What's causing my phone to freeze?
Connect Galaxy S3 Wifi Connection to Computer
Can you install vanilla Android on any phone?
Is it a hard brick?
Galaxy S3 Encryption ruined my photos... recoverable?
Jelly Bean search - only contacts and apps?
Error when trying to use adb shell in recovery mode
Problem syncing contacts: HTTP error 500 in logs
Is it possible to share WiFi network (not 3G network) via BT PAN to other devices?
Connecting to PPPOE ethernet over USB to ethernet adapter
Where to upload video files? to have online video albums? To share them for WhatsAPP apps
Toogle 3G, Bluetooth, and WiFi with Android Linux or ADB commands
Can I use my iMac's mic and speakers for a call with my android 2.2 phone (through Bluetooth)?
Earphone is not working well, volume is very low in Galaxy SIII
Hide Developer Options in Android 4.2
Google music player restores deleted playlist
Can I stop a WhatsApp message from being delivered?
How to exit surelock
How to take screenshot in Sony Xperia Neo l without third party app?
Enabling headset button automatically during calls
How can I screenshot the Nexus 7?
USB Debugging for the Samsung Galaxy Y?
Samsung Galaxy Y asking to install CDC ACM DATA?
Choosing apps to load and remove from memory when using Android
Are Memory Cleanup Apps for Android Good or Bad?
Shortcut for email to a specific person
Email app: how can I change the sender address?
Reduce time it takes for device to power on when pressing power button?
How to enable selective app permissions on CyanogenMod?
Clearing Notifications/Downloads
Is it possible to specify multiple home pages for the default android browser?
Synchronisation of contacts and calendar suddenly stopped working
Uses for more than 2 finger multitouch?
Web Page Not Available on StraightTalk Android ZTE
How can transfer my game progress from HTC Legend to Samung Galaxy S3?
Samsung Galaxy S2 battery gets hot
Keyboard shortcut to enter commonly-used email address
Adding apps in the unlock screen
Google music player is missing some settings options
Text displayed as hieroglyphs on website
Is ARM EABI v7a System Image and Mips System Image important?
Why are some apps hidden and how to unhide them
Unix domain sockets between host and emulator
folder not visible
Nexus 7 Incredibly Slow
Which CM9 ROM for sony ericsson x10i?
Is it possible to disable Google Play indefinitely?
Google Navigate does not announce the street name on my phone, but it does on my tablet
connecting to a wireless network that uses WPA2 enterprise encryption
How do you clear .thumbnails folder without hanging Windows Explorer?
android 4.2.1 installation error on N7000 error
Joining Contacts has no effect (SG3 4.1.1)
How to have my phone guide me through a specific route
How to customize font size and color in Jelly Bean?
Backup and Restore using adb
Change existing contacts from 'phone' to 'gmail'
Mount a folder from external sd as /data
map physical button to auto-rotate switch in android?
Is There a Computer Application To Manage SMS Messages The Same as Nokia PC Suite Can?
What part of android is responsible for alerts?
Can I change the handset software operator?
Flashing Galaxy Nexus with radio band
What's the best method for rooting HTC Desire?
Can I prevent home screen shortcuts from getting deleted or moved around?
Wii remote -> InputDevice?
How do I mount a Kindle Fire 10.2.6 on my Linux computer?
Reversing translation of (error) messages?
Why are Dialer, Cell standby, and Phone idle killing my battery?
How do I set a default application that gets used without enquiry?
Nexus 7 and Samsung Ace S5830i does not connect properlly to Wifi
Make Automate Task to manually sync Google Voice
What do I type in PATH variable for ADB server to start from CMD?
How do I disable Fast boot without the Power option in Settings?
Block H+ (3.5G) but not H (3G), possible?
Can I install an app directly to my SD card?
In which version of Android was encryption of /data made available?
Is it possible to root a Kindle Fire running software version 10.2.6?
Is there any easy way to get GNU build tools on Android? If not... why not?
How to install additional fonts?
Connect Android phone to router via USB-to-Ethernet
How do I create task lists in Jorte?
Internet not working on my Samsung Galaxy S i9000
How can I tell if my International Galaxy S3 is suffering from Sudden Death Syndrome? If it is, how can I fix it?
How to stop the Viber process?
How to stop Beautiful Widget from being removed on device reboot?
How to effectively search for apps on/without using Google Play?
What can an app do with the "USE ACCOUNTS ON THE DEVICE" permission?
Error 110 while installing apps
How do I copy ADW launcher settings from the free to the paid app version?
What do Android application permissions mean?
Are there USB settings in CyanogenMod 10? If so, where?
Missing device driver for "Android 1.0" in Device Manager while in HBOOT menu!
Having Strangers' Names in Caller ID Display
How to insert Unicode characters by their hex codes using USB keyboard on ICS?
Is there an Android Equivalent to iMessage?
Can I mount external SD card read-only?
Lost root on LG AS855 due to OEM update
adb shell mount command: documentation?
Samsung Galaxy S3 won't push emails
How can I root my HTC Legend without erasing my data?
I can not reboot my Glaxy s 9000
Notifications from other user accounts not clearing?
Installing Android on Symbian Phone
Unified way to manage annotations and bookmarks in Android and PC
Unrooting and flashing HTC One V to stock ROM
Unable to Connect My HTC Desire SV to My laptop: Unknown Device
I can't get call options such as Viber or Skype
My Kindle Fire is stuck at the yellow triangle screen after installing TWRP. How can I fix this?
How do I separate ringtone and system volume on JB?
Sending calls to voicemail when I am in a meeting
What RUU do I need for my HTC phone?
How to get app backups to Samsung Galaxy S3
Pop up message when sending large amounts of SMS messages
How do I make wi-fi calls from a cell phone with no number now associated with it?
Tablet won't connect to any WiFi network anymore, always shows "saved"
Is there a way use an RDP to configure a continuous offset from GPS calculations?
How to record FM radio
Unrevoked: Is my firmware too new?
How to tell if a phone is rooted?
Service that syncs pictures only when charging
Can't mount /sdcard while doing a NANDroid backup!
How to backup my app data if my phone is not rooted?
Blue band on screen of Galaxy ACE Android
how do i manually configure an account?
LG Optimus Logic - Moving apps to SD
Micro SDHC card won't mount on Sylvania SYNET7LP-DS
Not able to add words to dictionary while texting on Jelly Bean 4.1.2
How to change the email adress on Latitude?
Any way to remove the 512 character limit on Nook Touch notes?
CM10.1 Wifi issue
Will Rooting android give me access to Google Play?
Zip files not visible in CWM mode, but visible in ROM Manager in Galaxy S3
After upgrade to 4.2.1 how to get "settings" and "screen lock" back in pull down menu?
Verizon Galaxy Nexus Discharging When Plugged In Even After USB Replacement
None of the apps installed on my SD card work anymore
looking for a stable gaming custom ROM for Xperia Neo V
I can't use my Google Account password to bypass the lock screen
Missing Google Apps after 4.1.2 was built in Nexus S
Lost all my contacts after flashing custom rom (sg2)
iMessage like group messaging
How do I disable auto-sync in HTC Sync 3.3?
Any way to Stream Youtube Sound off of Nexus 7 to Yamaha Amp over Airplay?
Apple Keyboard and Magic Trackpad on Nexus S
Rooting Micromax A87 to make it faster
How to install Android completely as new to ASUS Eee pad transformer?
Symbian like internet connectivity in android?
How does Google Contacts sync works?
Accidentally turned on talkback
How to install Opera Mini without internet connection?
Not able to flash/factory reset Galaxy Nexus.; restores to one particular backup every reboot
Rooted, then flashed, now not able to root again /system is always read-only
Samsung Galaxy Pocket Duos unlocking screen in horizontal position when calling
Google Nexus 4 weird sound problem
resolve zeroconf-style "hostname.local" names
Re-installed Play Store doesn't work
Rooting Xperia tipo
How is a Nexus device "provisioned" when you buy it from Google?
Clockwork Mod. To flash or not to flash?
No Music Showing in Any Music Player
My bluetooth keyboard's skip/back buttons don't fast forward/rewind
Can I repartition the internal storage of my device to make space for apps?
How to delete the apps backup created by "Super Backup" app?
Can I boot into other OS (such as Ubuntu) from an Android OS tablet that have a USB host?
how does auto brightness work?
App2SD doesn't work - I don't even have the option
Flash Nexus 7 without USB Debugging
How to find out my Galaxy Nexus' version? (maguro, toro or toroplus)
Where to get Flash Player for Android 2.2 Froyo
Lost RAM after using phone for a day or two
Problem syncing Gmail contacts on Android tablet
Increase touchscreen sensitivity on Nexus 7
Where is the precmd command in android?
Skype Android use headset but record sound from phone's microphone
How do I choose a wired headset whose buttons work?
How to determine cause of boot halt in Samsung logo screen?
Google Now is not able to call one of my Google contacts
Motorola Bionic and OG have bad audio jacks
In what version of Android was process caching first implemented?
Opera mini v12 automatic clear cache history & cookies
How to find and remove spy software on phone
Turn on auto-correct when using a Bluetooth keyboard
How can I know if the rooting files have malware?
App2SD with root?
Updating ADW Launcher for Cyanogenmod 7
On Galaxy S3 with Jelly Bean, how can I make long-pressing the home button activate Google Voice Search?
Flash player issue on CM 10.1
What is the difference between system memory and internal storage?
Starting the Google calendar sync in Samsung Galaxy S Duos
HTC ONE x HDMI fixed at portrait during rotation
WiFi stopped working (dhcpd times out) after enabling device encryption
Internal storage low even when 48 MB free of 150 MB (HTC Explorer)
Check and fix SD card errors within Android itself?
UMS protocol on Android Tabs
Issues with mDNS on an Android device
Changing input format for Android calendar
Sony Xperia U not working after failed update
I am having problem with resolution in Temple run 2 on my LG-Optimus L3 E400
How to switch on/off system load and running processes overlay
pushing documents to manager's phone
Where is the music folder Android 2.3
Stock email app does not include certain attachments when forwarding email
How can I allocate more than 1024 MB of RAM to an Android Virtual Device?
Samsung Galaxy S3 not booting up, keeps restarting showing ”Samsung Galaxy S3 GT-i9300” black screen
galaxy s2 cellphone problem; possible virus
How to install Android on the Touch Pad
samsung galaxy s2 continually flashes and will not turn on
HTC One X was dropped and now it doesn't charge or turn on
Is it possible to install a higher Android version on a phone and have it still running smoothly?
Copying links off Google Search results directly
Phone interrupted during first charge, battery damage?
Samsung Galaxy Ace keeps updating Samsung app store
Has anyone been able to setup a home server as a replacement for Google Sync?
Predictive writing just suggests me my friend's names!
Does anyone know this icon?
Using the GPS instead of Google Location Services in Chrome
How can I race against a GPX track?
replace native samsung galaxy s3 email app for gmail app?
Which Android x86 image from the official site will work for Dell XPS 15?
Google Services battery usage
Accessing shared Outlook folders on my Samsung Galaxy S3
Better Terminal Emulator Pro and dns/nslookup resolution
SGN 4.2.1 - stuck at < waiting for device >
Extract boot.img issues
W/GAV2 Exception sending hit: HttpHostConnectException
Lost data upgrading roms, but data is still there when viewed with Clockwork and Clockwork alone. Can I recover it?
Service code to get Xperia model
Lost my ice cream truck ringtone
LG Motion Keep Rebooting (Boot Loop) After Installing Beat Audio Installation
How can I remote support an Android tablet?
Need more memory to install Nova 3 Near Orbit on Samsung Galaxy S2
Stock Google Music app does not scan subdirectory in Android 4.2.1
Why were some of my contacts automatically merged without notice?
Delete Status bar Icon downloaded from web
Why does text duplicate itself in Android Jelly Bean Mail?
Cannot buy apps in Play Store
Is it possible to connect my Android device to my computer's internet?
Android Apps from Old Tablet to New Tablet
Galaxy S3 - high minimum volume through headphones
Safe to remove 'OpenFeint' folder?
Connecting through authenticated proxy
Regarding file association in ICS
Changing the ringing volume when pressing volume keys
"Restrict Background data" with Jelly Bean on tf300t ASUS tablet
Broken recovery mod!
How can I go back to ICS after JB OTA updates?
Galaxy S GT-I9000 is slow
How to trace a drive-by download?
Unlocked bootloader, encryption
Does the Kindle Fire original have a camera?
Add "scp" to "share via" or "send via" menu
Acer Iconia A500 factory reset won't restart
Red exclamation mark when trying to update Nexus 7.
Frozen screen on Samsung Galaxy Ace
How can I bypass the activation on my Droid 2 Global?
Horizontal calibration and Gyroscope calibration is not working on Samsung Galaxy S2
Is it possible to plug a thumbdrive / portable harddisk that have multiple partitions to a tablet
Nexus 10 handwriting apps always lag
How to upgrade the HTC One X (with AT&T) from ICS to Jelly Bean from Indian telecome?
How can I import sms from iphone 4s / IOS6 with Samsung Kies
USB OTG "power consumtion error"
Is it possible to intercept and override sensor events in Android?
How do I migrate my SMS (text messages) from iPhone to Android?
AVD Manager runs but android.bat does not
How to list my recently updated apps
How to take screenshot on GT-19100 with ICS 4.0.4?
What is the difference between building and installing CyanogenMod?
Nexus 4 auto dialing extension does not work
Installing BusyBox crashes phone
Samsung Note 1 mystery SMS notification
How can I hide an application from the app drawer?
Samsung Android device is listed as modem under Windows, but want it as mass storage device
Cannot find driving mode on Samsung Galaxy S3
Prerequisites of Installing New Launcher
Download video from DailyMotion
Possible security issues with having debug mode enabled?
How to remove GMail contacts from Messaging app on Samsung Galaxy S Advance?
Samsung S2 kernel change
How to change/remove icons on LG lock screen?
desktop shortcut that takes a photo and emails it to a fixed address
Saving a photo attached in text message
Songs from Google Play don't show up on phone
Input via voice and handwritten works, but not keyboard on app on Galaxy 2
I get "unfortunately exchange services has stopped" a few days after setting up exchange email
How do I get permission to create this file in an android shell?
Can an app register itself to consume certain URLs?
My dialler app is severely lagging
SMTP auth server settings
Keyboard shows when getting an incoming call
Galaxy S3 missing "Accounts and Sync"
Sim card failed
How to update samsung galaxy tab p1000 i.e. 2.2 to 2.3. using ADB?
Error occured while flashing Galaxy Y with JELLYBLAST V3.0.2
Can I stream audio from Android to Windows through Bluetooth?
Blank screen while installing Software Update -- htc one x
Can I add a shortcut to a locally stored file?
Accessing my Google Play music
Why can't I update my device?
Stock Browser splitting HTTP POST requests into separate TCP segments
Setting wallpaper - wrong orientation
Google Now Choosing Weird Route
Can you use a minute plan with Google Voice?
Is it possible to pre-download a YouTube video to view it later offline?
Can I use LINE without giving out my phone number?
Android browser not able to access router's settings page
Does nexus 4 work with indian network
Why does Jelly Bean no longer support Flash?
Is the external micro SD card path the same for all devices?
Cannot see the video files in the phone on my PC
Root HTC one V on Mac OS X
How can I enable/add USB OTG support to my rooted stock LG P500?
Getting a list of applications with SMS permission
Fastboot setserial command
What might be the cause of the weird colors and picture mis-alignment?
Extreme lag with Sony Ericsson WT19i after update to 4.0.4
Permanently indicate to Market an application should refuse upgrades?
Always crashing Camera app in Galaxy Nexus JB 4.2.1
Samsung Galaxy S3 requesting network security key when tethering
Help to recover accidently deleted calendar data
How can I sync my Contacts with Gmail if the stock firmware of my phone doesn't provide this feature?
Half of the HTC EVO 4G screen is unresponsive
How can I stop downloads from Google Play when net balance is ending (or zero)?
Sending an application (apk) through NFC
How to root Huawei Y210?
Problem with Google Now in Tab 2
How does contact management work?
How can I reset my developer options, or otherwise boot my Galaxy S2 on CM10.1 again?
How do I scroll to the top of a list?
Recipient removed from address list when replying to all in GMail
Android keyboard stopped working
Galaxy S I9000 is showing a flickering screen after a troublesome boot
Can't download ePub with Aldiko
Jelly bean upgrading Problems
What are the benefits of "Restore Android ID from a backup" after a factory reset?
How do I get my Android Phone to connect its internal SD to my PC via USB?
How can I eliminate duplicate notifications when I have a custom notification on a Gmail label?
How to flash phone, if it stucks in bootloop
How do I re-enable the stock Gallery on Samsung S2 running ICS?
Samsung Galaxy S3 will not reboot
How do I keep CPU off when charging?
How to regain control over a Samsung Galaxy S II with a Boot loop?
Upgrade HTC Thunderbolt 2.3.4 to Android 4
ICS upgrade to Thunderbolt deleted my Family Contact Group from Home Screen
Is it possible to increase Samsung's limit on contact merging?
Are the signatures of gapps from zips checked?
How do I disable notifications for a second Gmail account?
apps wanting setting control
How to activate usb port, -sc3 usb host driver not found
Remote desktop into an Android device
how do you properly root galaxy s3 i9300 on mac?
Show the original timestamp on received messages
Phone won't turn on after attempting to upgrade Galaxy S to ICS
Grooveshark app on Android
Rezound in a boot loop
How to add new rows on a Google Docs spreadsheet?
rooting Samsung Galaxy Note 2
Re-installing Google Play Store
How to access phone internal storage during flashing?
Unable to open secure HTTPS websites on the tablet Android
Strange Android app displaying in Mandarin
Phone Stuck on Samsung Galaxy S2 Screen
Fast lock and unclock screen by lock button doesn't lock screen at all
HTC One V without Sense 4
Mobile data turns itself on again and again; could be caused by WhatsApp
Identify the NFC tag or NFC-enabled device during transfer
Decrypting HTTPS Traffic from Android Apps via Fiddler?
Google service connection + Corp wifi
Persisting permissions on /mnt/shell after reboot
Can the Android YouTube app display annotations?
How can I search the SMSs/MMSs using the default search interface?
Galaxy Note 10.1, does not recognize finger touch
Why does my phone have erroneous input when connected to a non-OEM power source?
How to switch to vibrate mode using only hardware keys
Configuring ADB for Nexus 4 on Ubuntu 11.10
Can I stop installed apps adding their icon to my homescreen?
Launcher App Slow
Removing Gmail app for guest device in my home
How to disable file extension check during incoming file transfers?
Difference between touching the screen with finger and S pen
HTC One X won't charge
"press" spacebar on website
how to fake my personal information
Mount pendrive in chroot on Android
Is TrimApp specific for Samsung phones or present on all 4.x Android Phones?
Voice to text app for Messaging ICS
Creating Swap memory without rooting
What is the typical Android OS Upgrade policy?
Viewing local style sheets/javascript/html using Emulator
How do I get a camera icon on my lockscreen?
Computer will not recognize phone with USB Debugging enabled
Quickly send an email
Setting the lock screen timeout
How do I root a ZTE Fury?
Microsoft Exchange Active Sync issue when roaming
File Manager opens when connected to charger
I.Robot 7180 ICS OS4.0 tablet stucked loading in the black screen with android logo showing. How to make this work again?
Why can't music players find my audio files?
Can receive but cannot send SMS on SGS3, help me debug with logcat?
Mere presence of SD card causes all sort of issues - what can be wrong?
root-android.org - A scam?
WiFi channel 1 issue with Android 2.3.6
Creating Backup before rooting
Is it possible to read SMS headers?
How to mark and delete some or all contacts?
Confused by the many locations of the virtual /sdcard/
Red notification light on Nexus 4, won't power on, device unresponsive
How can I create a "shortcut" for the built in PDF viewer on Nexus 7
How to hyperlink to file in KingsoftOffice?
Gmail has stopped syncing
How can I determine what app put a spam shortcut on my home screen?
Is there an app or setting available to increase video recording duration?
How do I restore a previous firmware version to my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2?
HTC One S notification vibrate
Rooted Nexus 4 wants to update
How do you set the default search engine in firefox?
Wifi drops out only when I go to the play store? Any fixes?
How can I disable the volume warning if you raise the volume too much?
How do I escape a crash/reboot loop without losing data?
How can I stop my phone sending an SMS every time I insert a SIM card?
where are Android Chrome bookmarks?
How do I remove stuck notification?
Why do some applications have `Move to SD card` button disabled?
Files with names with unicode characters get corrupted in SD Card
How to get an alarm / warning when it starts to rain
How to format /storage/sdcard0 in ext4
on grid view, when updating an app, this one is taken at the end of the grid
Twitter app signs out continuously
Android ADB Shell Recovery Mounting
Music covers aren't shown correctly
Connecting phone to PC internet using Connectify
Organizing bookmarks between Desktop and Android
Configuring WiFi Proxy Settings
failure of sending multiple messages
Disabling Google Voice Dialer
Translation issue MS Exchange and Samsung Tab 2 10.1
Does Razr i connect to PEAP protected wi-fi networks?
How can I send large files from my device to my computer, without using a cable?
Does the Nexus 7 have a LED flash for its camera?
Must I install Google Apps again after installing a new ROM?
Why don't I get Google Talk notifications on my Android from people using iPhones?
SHARP Aquos 104sh, listen to YouTube with the backlight off?
Upgrade Cyanogenmod from 9.1 to 10.1 without losing information?
How to edit init.rc in Samsung Galaxy S3 i9300?
Continue using app after developer refunds purchase?
If we install the apk outside the Play Store, does it affect Google Play statistics?
How to change font on CyanogenMod?
ICS not detecting adhoc network
Access website hosted over LAN
Is 512 MB RAM Really Enough for Android ICS?
Howto avoid autostart of an app (non-rooted)?
always-on Dictaphone
My Android keeps squawking at me! It's torture!
Is there a way to hide pictures from being shown in Gallery
How to keep a service from closing?
Resolving SSL Protocol Error on data connection but not on wifi
How do you disable the phone's microphone when a bluetooth headset is connected?
problem with external sd card after restart
Rooting a Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1
how to root your Android or at least understand how it works
Moving apps to SD
External keyboard for Galaxy tablet 2 7.0
HTC XE turned itself off and won't turn back on
Can't unlock the screen on Nexus 4
Why I do not receive Android updates for Samsung Galaxy Nexus GT i9250m?
Is there an efficient way to calibrate the battery than using some apps?
How do I find out my SIM number?
Is Adobe Flash deprecated with regards to Android Devices and Apps?
Get rid of virus that downloads apk
Have I got the virus?
Installing LG Escape Drivers on Windows 7
Password method changed on nexus 4
Change to and from 4g using Tasker
setting a default launcher
Asus Transformer TF101 keyboard not working when docked
How to increase call volume on Nexus 4?
Does the Google Nexus 10 tablet-PC have a standalone GPS?
Why My android device show less RAM and Slow at Jelly bean?
Removing second SIM signal sign from notification
How does MHL work?
Insufficient memory to download apps from playstore?
Jelly Bean resource Usage
How to mod android rom so none can ever install an app in it?
Wifi Not Connecting - Cyanogenmod 10 TF101
Why is "Samsung Push Service" using so much of my battery?
Disable or uninstall side bar on android
Rooting of Samsung Galaxy S2 didnt work - LPB kernel
Without Root, why can I pull a specific apk using adb, but not everything in /data/app. Android 4+?
Xperia Neo V not able to load OS
How to find the lost mobile when no tracker app is installed?
How to access internal memory of HTC Wildfire Buzz with out starting phone
Are apps backed up/restored with Titanium Backup just as "good" as through Google?
I have low internal Storage, But i have no apps on my phone?
How to stop Android asking for permission before permitting access to USB device
How do I set the email client so that it shows both e-mail accounts, sorted by read-unread?
Difference between GINGERBREAD.DDLJ1 and GINGERBREAD.DDMA3 build number on Samsung Galaxy Y Duos?
Google location history shows me driving 700 miles when I only drive for 30 miles
Is there an internal memory test for Android devices?
How can I automatically set up Android as USB storage only when connected to my PC?
how to capture any .apk download
Creating a .dd image of a Galaxy S3 without rooting the phone
MicroSD card performance during boot
Can I use my PC as an audio device for my Android phone?
Answer phone calls directly from computer (linux)?
Any way to synchronize calendar app across Android and iOS?
Cell Broadcast option in HTC Raider ICS
Get the default contact phone number
How do I get the Music Player to display all ID3 tags
Auto boot when charger connected (for HTC Magic)
Email notifications for google calendar events
Any way to sync Bookmarks between Android and Blackberry?
Is there a way to automatically turn off wifi?
Does the Nexus 4 battery drain faster if it has no SIM card inserted?
How to use an external USB keyboard with a Galaxy S II or a Huawei Y201 Pro
Completely reset my Desire HD
what could cause a sudden drop in battery life?
Not configured to display PDF error on Samsung Galaxy Tab 2.0
Where can I find the "hack4legend" or "Legend Downgrading Tools"?
Samsung Note 1 - cut or copy in any app causes it to hang and crash
Symbols become boxes after reset
bootloop without power button
Galaxy S3 graphics issue, how to resolve?
Configure Android to save pictures/video to SDCard
Lock yourself out of your phone for a certain amount of time
No Google Play Store in Craig 4.0.3 Android tablet
How to recover Samsung Galaxy Fit using software that works on Ubuntu?
Is there any way to use Viber on a tablet without a gsm module?
Add more functions to the home button circle shortcut
Battery life indicator has failed
SD Card Multiple partitions USB access
Mac's Android File Explorer and SSH are not in sync
How to stop Viber telling me to update in the notification bar
Why did my Galaxy Tab 7.7 suddenly stopped connecting to my Wifi router?
How can I download the backups ClockworkMod creates to my PC?
How to refresh a web page in Chrome (Ctrl+F5 analogue) on a device without menu button?
Using external SD Card on LG Optimus
Voice App with custom proxy ability
What's ADB and why is it used for? How do I install it on my device?
Samsung Galaxy S1 Constant Reboot Cycle
How do I transfer files in ClockworkMod between my phone and my computer if my phone doesn't have an SD card slot?
Can't take screenshots on Nexus 4
Is it possible to install unmodified, unadulterated and pure Android on a Sony Xperia S?
Silencing a Whatsapp group
Why do Linux commands not work properly on Android?
Why can't I get root access from shell?
How do I check if I have Cyanogenmod on my phone?
Disable mobile data during standby
storage on htc desire
How can I stream PC desktop, 1:1 pixel ratio, to Android device?
Debug Samsung Galaxy S3 Blank Screen Freezes
How to disable USB data connectivity on rooted device
Is ZTE Blade compatible with wifi direct?
Why can't all rooted phones be unlocked?
Google Voice texts delivered hours late/not at all
ADB does not work in boot loader mode
Phantom songs on Cyanogenmod 10.1 phone
unsuccessful VPN connection
Galaxy Nexus not connecting to router with WEP encryption
Block A Number From Leaving Voicemail?
Get data/data/com.android.browser/databases/webview.db from backup.ab
Where does the Play Store store the apps I am currently downloading?
Plugged a Bluetooth USB to Tablet but seems not working
How to sync non-picasa folder displayed in Gallery app?
Screen Translation?
mp3 from email to player
SGS3 I-9300 Android 4.2 - why can't I disable these system apps?
How to connect Galaxy S2 m250s model via USB?
Can Not Open mmssms.db
Is there any way to connect 'Samsung galaxy tab 2 p3100' to a monitor
Is it possible to enable Location Services via Shell?
How do I set my Android Nexus 4 via bluetooth MAP to get messages in car
My S3 doesn't have Auto screen off/on option
How can I easily find out what has changed in an app after an auto update notification?
Reinstall OS on Nexus 7
Contacts sync in the opposite direction
Samsung galaxy S3 screenshot doesn't work
what apps are running?
Disabling SwiftKey autocompletion on Asus Transformer Pad
How do I find out which number an SMS is from, out of all the numbers associated with the sender?
Delete certain mis-spelled words from Android dictionary (These words were not listed in the "Personal dictionary")
Serious battery drain (Screen, Android OS) after JB upgrade
Can I use an USB Ethernet adapter to connect Sony Ericsson Xperia Active to a wired Ethernet LAN?
How can I trick or force an app to work on an unsupported device?
What is the FWDN mode?
HTC Desire C screen on while charging
Gesture typing on multiple languages?
Music files not showing in stock player with Galaxy Y
Nexus 7 blank screen
How can I turn off the notification for the power plug connection?
How do I switch off the internet after use on the Samsung Spica?
Rooted, but su hangs
Computer does not boot when Galaxy 2 in USB port
Is it possible to flash htc desire on linux (drivers concern)?
Stream music/video from phone to Apple TV
Using Alt Gr on external keyboard with Android 4.0.4
Calculator on 4.2.2 lockscreen?
How to delete a notebook in Evernote for Android?
Which custom or official kernel should I use on SGS2?
Installing Nexus Images on other devices
LorDModUE - How to configure
Filtering notifications
How can I select which folders to sync via Exchange ActiveSync?
Google play is not displaying
Change behavior of space on external keyboard?
Transfer large files beween Android device and an iPad mini
Contacts / People application missing
Contact list crashing
unexpected root request for mksh when turning wifi on or off
Using a phone without data plan for multiplayer game dev
Revert samsung galaxy S2 to original OS
ICMP Requests working but HTTP requests are timing out
How can I determine how much total RAM my device actually has?
Got replacement note 2, and gmail did not back up my apps, contacts, nothing? Why not?
Getting rid of my SD card
My WiFi does not work in Sony Ericsson
Many apps don't work for secondary accounts
Use a bluetooth headset for media audio on a Nexus 7 running Android 4.2
Set wallpaper and lock screen's background as two different photos?
How to update The Samsung galaxy S2(GT-I9100) to 4.1.2 Via Ubuntu 12.10(AMD64)
Arabic123 instea
Automatic video on boot
Resize photo before sending it by email?
Looking for a launcher similar to Launchy, Synapse or Kupfer (with type to find and launch app feature)
How to make android prefer mobile data when wifi signal is very weak
Report application
How to install Cynogenmod on a Galaxy S w/ Android 2.1
Save screenshots to Google Drive (Samsung S3)
Is there a reason why an app would want all of my contacts?
Cannot add participants to calendar events
Stuck on the Gmail inbox
Can apps know where you are even without GPS?
Google Android for Galaxy Note II?
How to sync ONLY some specific Picasa albums in Gallery app?
Wipe data on wrong password inputs
Install custom rom ACE PLUS without voiding warranty
How to root my android phone?
Error installing Android 4.2.2
Installing Jelly Bean on Ice Cream Sandwich tablet
Screenshot with power + volume down, what's the trick?
Insufficient storage with Link2sd
How can I undo the “Do Not Ask Again” for using my home screen wallpaper as my lock screen wallpaper as well?
Is the Nokia BH-214 bluetooth headset compatible with Android?
Is it possible to boot an Android phone from a USB drive?
logcat log loss
Why does my device shows a resolution other than that advertised?
Is there a multi-protocol chat client that doesn't require a separate account?
Is there any android support for bicycle sensors?
Nexus 4 Notification bar unresponsive
Optimizing battery life via colour schemes
Why is "Android OS" uploading so much data?
How to get Jelly Bean Camera to use external SD card?
Unlock bootloader using fastboot using Ubuntu/Linux
Phone connected to wireless but does not respond to pings
How to pull only newer files with “adb pull”? (Android SDK utility)
Sony Xperia Play CDMA to GSM
Only give access to one application(full screen)
Password Protect for Andorid mobile
Hotmail option "Display as HTML" no longer works on my Galaxy SIII. Error message: "Connection failed"
running app is shut down when screen powers on
How to block all phone calls, but only allow SMS and networking?
Android 4.2 for Asus Transformer tf300t
Storing Apps on internal storage
Why my Nexus 4 keeps blinking the notification LED?
How can I use the JXD S7300 game controller with RetroArch?
Does the device/charger consume power after charging is complete?
HTC ONE X Custom ROM Issue
Boot Loop issue
How to hide calendar but receive reminder notifications?
Determing SIM/network/carrier lock status in software
How to extend the timespan of Google's calendar widget?
How to root lg optimus logic
What is this Google Settings app that installed itself on my phone?
In a group/mass text message from an iphone to other phones, who sees my reply to the group msg from my android?
Galaxy Note 2 N7100 does not turn on, only shows battery "loading" icon
samsung duos s7562 how to see/browse contents of sd card
Shortcut for .mp3 .jpg .docx files
How can I copy content from my SD Card to my PC?
Full Google apps access to location needed for maps with GPS?
Unable to connect keyboard to my EKEN tablet
How to have my stock GS3 dialer initial screen be Recent instead of Keypad
MP3 getting mixed up
How to see if my device was used at a particular time
Add an application to the Open With Menu
wifi scan not working
How to install Gmail apk on emulator (from Android Development Tools, ADT)?
GPS location log
Once you have Ubuntu installed on a Nexus 7, how do you get back to stock Android?
Is there a way to download the files stored on Google Drive to an Android device?
How to prevent Nexus 7 of charging the battery every time when connected to a USB?
Do you have to reformat an SD Card before you can copy its contents to your PC?
How do I install Google voice search on a rooted gb custom rom?
Galaxy S2 turns off randomly
One device does not show on Google Play
default video player for youtube
my google play uninstall by itself.. how can i install it again ?
Google two-step identification not working on my phone
How to switch user profile based on password / lockscreen pattern
SG3 not recognised by PC but recognised by laptop
How can I root my root LG Optimus 2X running stock ICS?
Galaxy S2 does not see MP3 files in any player
How can I update the default stock browser (com.android.browser)?
"cannot write file in SD card" when taking a screenshot
How can I send service commands from my Nexus 7?
Is there a way to adjust the memory allocation to increase the allocation for apps?
Whenever I try to download an app, it keeps wanting to download it to my old Android phone
How to install a ROM with CWM when /data (and /sdcard) are encrypted and I can't reformat them?
How to root the LG Optimus 4X (LG-P880)?
HTC Sensation fastboot unknown device
How can I recover corrupt files from my SD Card on my PC?
YouTube app on Android "signing in" forever
Galaxy Note II USB connection not working
How do I get Google+'s notifications into Android's notification list?
Error on Samsung S3 with external memory card
Is the terminal emulator app essential to CyanogenMod 10?
GTab with access denied to all app databases
How do I run two programs at once in split-screen?
How can I make new/separate folders in the gallery?
Scanning with Android
Why does my Nexus 4 not support WMA audio files?
Failed to get_identifier_token from HTC Desire HD with fastboot
Google account without gmail
Can't install AIR on Galaxy Android device
Enterprise (802.1x) WiFi causing excessive battery drain?
Is there a way to download ALL app updates at once in Amazon App Store?
LG-P870 USB not detected in Windows 7
How to block my mobile provider from showing their ads?
Dropbox does not automatically upload post-processed photos
Install Russian input method on android
How to use Android Device as Wireless Headphones for TV?
Phone restarting again and again
Bash terminal on tablets
Is it possible to add arbitrary folders to the media scanner?
How use the Samsung Galaxy S3 stock contact/phone app with custom ROM?
Android sdcard appears empty to Windows?
Using the Google Voice app to place calls when "ask me" and "always use GV" are disabled
Solutions for connecting phone/tablet to a bigger monitor?
Galaxy Nexus does not charge when turned on
How to disable pin security from Samsing Tab 2
Galaxy Note 2 JellyBean update
Where are Android settings stored?
Can I get my phone back, given some information like model, IMEI, etc?
What is the exact difference between user and eng binaries?
Samsung Galaxy S2(Format or restore factory setting through pc?)
When using apps as a second user, why do new screens within apps open behind the main window?
Android OS 4.0 - USB host mode support for external keyboard
ADB unable to connect my Nexus 7 on Ubuntu
Lost my Samsung Galaxy Ace Duos. No app Installed. Sim also not working. Can anyone help how to trace it
How to start deskclock timer via NFC
Control media player on one phone from another
How to replace Cyanogenmod dialer/contacts/messaging(texting) apps?
Backing up Android device on Windows via wireless
When did my phone power off due to low battery? Is the information recorded somewhere?
Created a Walled Garden with WiFi Hotspot
Google Play Store gives error "No Connection"
Motorola Defy+: Black Screen and no BootLoader. How to discover what firmware version my device supports?
My HTC Tmobile - G2 wifi turns off cicle
Local files revisited: Opening local HTML files (file:///path/to/file) in Chrome on Android 4.x
Is it possible to use Emoji language with Swiftkey 3?
Second ring tone for my Google Voice phone number
connect android devices in ad-hoc mode without needing to net connection?
How to simulate cell signal loss?
16gb microSD card suddenly stopped working
Bricked (Hard?) Android I5510 recovery
Vibration- Samsung Galaxy Ace
How to charge a new Samsung Galaxy tab & what to expect
Android to iPhone - clickable phone numbers in SMS messages
Restore colors after Android update
Contacts and calendar no longer syncing between google and phone
Error while restoring data using ClockWorkMode recovery in Micromax a110
Using a VPS as a proxy
How can I stream audio from another device via Bluetooth?
Connect Samsung galaxy tab to projector
Add user (personal) dictionary to Android stock keyboard for unsupported languages
HTC Cha Cha hard reset - stored phone numbers
how to measure the RSSI strength signal between peers using wifi direct?
HTC Cha Cha - wont start
Switch to another keyboard language using stock keyboard
How to move system programs to sd card?
Stop Facebook using GPS
Stop IMO messenger asking me to create account
How can I control one android device with another android device?
Stopping an app from hijacking browser downloads
How do you disable message preview in the Android 4.0.x stock email app?
Unknown email address showing in a contact card
Optimize TeamViewer for android bandwidth consumption
ICS Wifi not blue and internet not working
Android system apps deleted, restore to default condition.
Can't USB connect my Motorola Razr to Linux Fedora 16
Some Emails Not Pushed to Gmail App
Samsung Galaxy S has become very slow
ADW lock code forgotten
Android input language adding phonetic variation
Android phone ICS cannot connect to internet through LAN
Install default Android keyboard
Enter fastboot commands from an Android phone
Selective batch restore in Titanium Backup?
How to use OTG Data Cable with a Nexus S to access?
How to stop this type of service in Sony Xperia MT27i?
How to notice a phone is ringing when left in a bag?
How to set HTTP proxy settings on Jelly Bean 4.1.1 on Galaxy SIII LTE
How can I find which app slows down my phone?
No Google Play Store on Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830
Galaxy Note Jelly Bean update India
Cannot play a video made with my Galaxy S3 camera
Unlock Screen with ADB Android 4.2
wpa_cli not found on rooted device?
Weird Bluetooth Behavior, difficulty reconnecting to paired device - Galaxy S II
Lock Screen Problem in HTC ONE X
Block apps from accessing the Internet on Android device
SGS3 USB not connecting to PC
Use an Android tablet as a Wacom drawing tablet for a PC?
Edit hosts file on Kindle Fire
Airplane mode behaviour on Galaxy S2?
Tegra2 device, Preparing for entering recovery mode
How can I install wpa_cli on my rooted device?
time_in_state wrong value
Ringtone reset to default after reboot
Samsung Kies restore a backup from another PC
Any ideas on when 4.2 will be available for my phone?
Factory reset a woo tablet
How do I remove previously download apps from my Google Play account?
Android distro for reading?
android app google chat
Why can't my samsung galaxy R connect to my laptop Wi-Fi, but is able to connect to others?
MTP sync on LG Spectrum --- kill with extreme prejudice
Wi-Fi calls with Csip simple
CyanogenMod logo loop
Differnce in between Android 4.2.2 and 4.2.1
Samsung Galaxy S2 no usb connection
How do push notifications work?
Browser goes to wrong site
Mount entire internal sdcard (/mnt/sdcard2) as /data
Connect from Android to SSH server without password
How to remove underlines and strikeouts in Adobe Reader 10.4.2 for Android 4?
Galaxy Nexus stuck on 4.1.1 and super slow
Get Android phone apps on tablet
Touch screen no longer works after closing screen
How to disable Notification Sounds on per-app basis?
download bigger than 4 gb file on android 4.0.4
Disable sound alerts for new emails
Pinning Web Sites to Android Homescreen
Enable the keyboard on the right side of the emulator
Nexus7 Stuck in Reboot Following Full Discharge
Location and how to recover cache from Google Chrome from an Android phone?
Google Now menu flashes quickly
Find out which app is pushing ads in my notification bar?
Install different rom on Chinese made android phone
Battery getting charged with ultra speed and continuous at 1%charge for more than 9 hrs
ZTE Blade S2E not enough space
Want to add Persian and Arabic on Samsung Galaxy Phone running Gingerbread OS
Which WiFi-Direct commands can be used in Android?
bluetooth headset to phone
'android' and 'emulator' commands not found
Micromax A57 is not displayed in Eclipse Device List
How do I get rid of the "Battery fully charged, unplug charger" popup screen?
Apollo stopped working even though it was never launched
Extracting firmware from a device for reflashing?
ActiveSync/Exchange security policy
help in moving apps to external
Tasker: Variable with value "Name of Profile/Context"
Will bigger Micro SD slow down mobile
Android Remote Desktop thru Wifi Only
GPS Chip and GPS Service on Android Phones
Sync only on screen on
Why does the "m" key disable my text editor?
Nexus 7 soft bricked, Need to recover data
My Android phone screen is un-usable, how do I transfer all my data to a new phone?
Google's location-based services versus third-party services
Transfer and import .VCF Contacts
Nexus 10, write access to USB pen drive (update)
Regarding adb command: Error while loading shared libraries
Creating App and Swap partition for Android
Galaxy Note N7000B com.android.gsf.login fails
How do I remove pending/in-progress downloads
Voice Typing special Functions
My Galaxy S3 freezes and the screen goes black, what could be the problem?
Questions on phone contacts and Google contacts
Is there any way to do a Facebook video chat on Android devices?
Galaxy Y gps chipset model
Jelly Bean (Android 4.1) released for AT&T HTC One X .... but how to install it on unlocked AT&T phone?
How to increase internal memory of the HTC Wildfire S finally?
How can I use my android GPS in my notebook through USB?
Android low on space
Galaxy Tab 10.1 wifi stuck in 'Obtaining IP Address' mode
HTC Sensation stuck in boot loop. Any possible fixes?
Got mail with URL pointing to an APK called com.android.fixed.update, what is this?
Is it possible to play games from my HTC Desire HD on my HD-TV?
Stream video to TV, but keep audio on phone/tablet
Screen locks itself after call
How is installing an app from web-based PlayStore implemented?
Cyanogenmod 7 OpenVPN DNS not working
Blue arrow pointer in Google Maps won't update whichever way I'm facing?
What's a quick way to turn on the torch?
my samsung galaxy 2 battery is draining to fast!
Can I remove the gray triangle in the lower right of a contact icon?
How to install full Unicode fonts
Insufficient storage availalable when there is plenty
Is it possible to change which output the audio is played through?
Set left-right audio balance
Nexus 7 with AOSP, what is missing from stock?
Loss of internal memory after rooting HCL ME V1
WhatsApp re-registration after backup
Press android version thrice took me to another screen which shows big Jellybean logo!
enabling WCDMA on galaxy s2 I9100
How to use Google Music MP3s to set a ringtone/alarm?
WhatsApp - unable to complete initialization
Samsung Galaxy P1000 stuck on black screen
How could I set the default contact store?
Can not copy files from PC to Galaxy SIII
How to transfer images via Android beam (NFC)?
How to re flash android 2.3?
Navfree required space
get wireless tools in Android devices?
mp3wrap file not playable
contacts not displaying
Keep getting invalid package error when downloading app from Play store
Is there a way to automatically change notification ringer&volume, differentiating email, sms and calendar via profiles?
Is there any way to disable/enable the back button?
How to run built-in Sound Recorder?
Galaxy S3 Mini - my provider only offers micro and nano SIM cards
Cannot connect my Galaxy Ace to my Google account
Deleting a device from the Google Play Store?
Rooted SGS3 and Kies doesn't work with my ROM, Looking for contact list files
Dropbox can't find live wallpapers on android phone
Galaxy Mini bricked: black screen
Charging paused, battery temperature too low
Connect to exchange server with certifcate based on own CA-root?
How can I set the sound profile to silent for a given contact?
is it possible to install infobar launcher in other android phones?
Android: Manually alter the contents of an app's database?
Why does my Android device slow down after successive ROM updates without wiping?
How do I remove stocks from the stock card settings in Google Now?
How to extract SMSes from a non rooted device with a broken touchscreen?
How can I directly, wirelessly copy files between Galaxy S3 and Ubuntu?
Is it possible to pull data using Android Debug Bridge on an N7 while soft bricked
Connecting Galaxy S3 to DisplayPort via MHL HDTV Adaptor
Copy all sdcard contents to larger sdcard
Disable (in software) Nexus S Power Button
Remove SMS notification on Lenovo A800
Android Device Partitions
SD card "damaged" after every reboot / power off
What do the "Sync Internet" and "Sync Instant Upload" options do in Jelly Bean settings?
Tecno N3 keeps rebooting
Is it safe to install Launchers for Android which require quite a few permissions?
Android 2.3: Expected behavior for setting time automatically with Wifi only
how to restrict my android wifi connect to only one access point?
make chrome default browser
How can I disable the status bar on the lock screen?
POP3 E-mail Downloading Old E-mails I had Deleted
My Samsung Galaxy S2 keeps saying not registered on network when I try to phone
Unable to update or uninstall LiveWare
Will the ''wipe data/factory reset'' in ClockworkMod also remove my backups I have done?
Where is the data for "Contacts Storage" located?
Change Mount Point for SD Card?
How to force Google+ Instant Upload to perform an upload right away?
How do I set unique ringtones for individual contacts?
Smaller "Turn off all sounds" widget
Why do certain apps always try to install to a specific Google account?
How to unbrick my Samsung Galaxy Y
Backing up Viber chat logs
Samsung S3 - connection problem
Annoying "unmount" notification when removing SD card
Annoying "unzoom" when browsing text
Import pdf files to google play book application
Saving draft emails whilst offline (Gmail App on Galaxy Note II)
Some Google Apps Accounts Stuck On "Waiting for Sync"
What is covered by "Encrypt phone"?
How can I set up my Google account without syncing Gmail?
After update; Can't install rom
How can I change the lock screen on my Galaxy Note 2?
Getting rid of Status Bar on 4.1
nexus 7 voice call from sim without internet
Automatically Install apps after factory reset
How can I download apps on the Onda tablet?
Connecting USB mouse to Galaxy SIII
"Phone" item using 10-15% of Battery Life
Backup using ADB without root or usb debugging
Can I open a photo in a text message without using my data?
My HTC One X and media link
Pandigital Novel running Android Eclair - Need User Manual - How do I access the External SD card?
How to fix download notifications?
Turning off cell broadcast messages in HTC One X Plus
Can not receive some mails sent by SMS Backup+ Android app when using Gmail mail delegate feature
Cannot open message application on Samsung Galaxy S2 and Deleted all of my Contacts
How to unlock and root a Sony Ericsson Xperia Ray ST18i with 4.1.B.1.13
How do I pause a song thats playing while my phone is locked (Samsung ace 2)
How to fix Facebook (Build 14...), download manager process on Samsung Galaxy S2
Hindi font not display in htc_salsa_C510e_android2.0.3?
Update Xperia Mini Pro (SK17i) to Jelly Bean
Compile JellyBean's Keyboard for ICS Rom
How do I reduce Haptic feedback intensity in CM9?
Auto rotation, proximity sensor issues in Xperia Arc S after updating to ICS
Should I reboot my phone regularly?
Help On Changing Settings
I lost my phone and changed my Google password. Is there any way to wipe the data on my phone now?
Which version of Heimdall to use with S2 or S3?
Generate a browser bookmark from file manager
How to set active APN on ICS
How can I see the RRC state and signal level of an HTC Explorer?
How to prevent characters from repeating when entering text with a Bluetooth keyboard?
My OS and phone freeze and lag every time the blue "Show CPU Usage" bar appears. What is it?
Deleting albums from Gallery
Wi-fi disabled during lock still partly active? Or do I mis-interpret the battery graph?
Get error "authentication is required . You need to sign in"
Transfer / Export or a specific notification ringtone
GMail attachment download does not complete
Samsung Galaxy S3 black screen and automatic reboots
Is there any way to determine the UMTS RRC state my device is in
How to allow auto-update of apps in Play Store only when plugged in?
How does pressing the power button on Android compares to Windows 7s Sleep and Hibernation modes?
How to speed up Android during bootup time?
Rooting the Karbonn smart tab 7
How to assign a button on a remote keypad to start an app on android tv dongle
Why has the photo gallery sorting changed after firmware update?
Problem with Play Store on Samsung Galaxy Note II: Play Store does not open
How do I connect my Galaxy Y GT-S5360 via USB to my Mac?
Applications not installed but still taking up phone memory
Cannot add Google account for Playstore, SSL not working
Do you need to run uninstallers/cleaners on Android to maintain performance levels like on Windows?
Are there "end of life" plans for Android?
Why does device memory used go up after clearing cache on an app?
Is there a way to listen to the last call made on a Nexus?
Remove ATT Apps
How to write SMS by dragging fingers
Where is the predictive text dictionary gone?
Continuous input, how to undo the last movements
Connect Galaxy S3 to Wi-Fi ad hoc network
could not set ad-hoc mode on wlan0. operation not supported on transport endpoint
Upgrading a Samsung S GT-I9000 (to anything >2.1)
Is there any way to block permissions on apps?
Connect Android phone to PC network via Bluetooth or Wi-Fi
Samsung Galaxy Ace GT-S5830 can't receive incoming calls
Is there a way to preserve my configuration between firmware updates?
Google Play Store - Not Working
Rooted Froyo phone, deleting apk files doesn't free up internal memory
Nexus One stuck in a reboot loop after a failed system update
Google settings permanent uninstall
S3 I9300 - screen freezing several times
Nexus 4 won't turn Bluetooth on
Samsung Galaxy S 2 new software won't connect via USB with Mac?
New Television icon appeared in my Android desktop
Android USB "Disk Drive" disappeared on HTC EVO V 4G (Virgin Mobile)
Is there an intent for telling Play Store to update all apps, or turn auto update on?
Install DSPManager on a non-CM Rom
Install custom ROM for Micromax Funbook Pro P500 tablet
How do I change my device locale (default currency symbol) on 3.x and higher?
Hardware keyboard symbol [popup] problems
Can't make or receive calls or texts, or connect to the Internet
Sophix tablet will not work without an SD card
Is there a way that you can set an Android Vivid to delete messages of the number you select
Phone only charges when plugged into AC adapter or computer
How to find the app that causes crashes?
CM7 messaging shows only date, not time
Why can't I use su to run under another app's permissions?
Google Account shows two Android Login Service in Connected Sites, Apps, and Services
App drawer icon gone from Cyanogenmod dock
Can't transfer files to galaxy S3 from laptop?Kies not getting Installed in lap?
Enable navigation bar on CM10/10.1 on Samsung Galaxy S (1)
Why doesn't my android start daydreaming?
Games unable to connect to the internet
Android music player keeps switching on party shuffle when brought to front
Samsung Galaxy S3 notification bar style changes
Temporarily cache notifications
Is the HTC One known by another name?
What will I lose if I reset my samsung Galaxy SI (GTi9000)?
Spontaneously deleting e-mails from Galaxy III
HTC One S won't boot after battery fully drained
Android keyboard resizes when changing letter casing
Cell Broadcasts for LG lucid with android 4.0.4
Since which Android version can you use Ethernet through the USB port? Which makes are repotedly work with CyanogenMod?
Can I install an MTK6577 ROM on a Star W007 6575 MTK?
How do I make sure all sync happens automatically now in Jelly bean?
No internet connection in my S3 even though it's connected to my computer with internet and Kies already recognizes it
SuperOneClick freezes when I try to root my Sony Xperia Tipo Dual
Plug in the charger the wrong way?
How can I enable keybord Samsung Galaxy S3 GT-i9300 Android version 4.1.1
Briefing news not updating on S3
How many cores does the Asus 7" MeMO Pad have?
How to enable haptic feedback in Samsung Galaxy Y?
Can a dual SIM Android phone receive voice calls to both SIMs?
Can apps update without Google account?
Some app keeps turning on mobile data
Disable service permanently
Dialling a SIP number
Remove analog clock from home screen
Easy record GPS coordinates in OpenStreetMap
How can I downgrade my Huawei U8815 from Android 4.0.3 to 2.3.6?
How to clean the voice mail in the notification screen?
Galaxy S2 Android 4.1.2 - calendar sync option disappeared
Samsung Galaxy Tab: Cannot download from Google Play
How would you turn a tablet into a keyboard + easy-to-reach touchscreen (mirror the desktop) (not a touchpad) for a desktop PC?
How I can send signal from android mobile through speaker?
Is my data secure?
Not compatible app and "install failed missing shared library"
Will a "standard" "Made for iPhone" headset's remote control button work with a Samsung Galaxy Mini S5570?
Multitasking : How do I maintain the opera browser tabs keep active when switching applications
"accounts and sync" has dissappeared, how can I fix this?
Weird phonebook entries!
How to know the MAC and IP of my device?
error with adb push
my samsung galaxy w doesn't register on 2g network
Format memory card with NTFS
Can't run Doggcatcher and Endomondo simultaneously
Stuck mid-way through Root process (Samsung Galaxy S3 SCH-1535)
Can I have a separate notification sound for my Twitter alerts
How to migrate TwLauncher customization to another Launcher
Do battery saver apps really work? Is it possible to save battery programmatically?
Re Install android OS in Mobile Phone
Turn on Mac with Tasker
Disable connecting USB as media device with Jelly Bean
Deleted all Google Calendar events by mistake (web). How to I push my local android calendar to the web?
Does Galaxy Mini S5570 support ICS?
Is it possible to connect the Google TV remote with an Android tv-box like Minix?
How do you clear share actions bound to ‘copy to clipboard’?
Battery drain on Galaxy Note-I after updating to Jelly Bean
Video Recording stopped because battery was low, restore file?
Android 4.0.3 sluggish: nandd process hogging CPU
E-mails sent from Android not syncing to IMAP "Sent" folder
Remove Rom Manager from boot
Why my sdcard suddenly re-mount when phone in use to play game, watch movie or idle?
Cyanogenmod 9 stuck in boot loop
cat /proc/devices on Galaxy Note shows a device named roccat
Differences between OsmAnd and OsmAnd+
Does a Nandroid Backup contain Language files?
How can I root my galaxy S3 i9300 on android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean?
Reducing notification frequency
Only types 1 letter at a time
Control Android with broken screen from PC
There is inconsistency in connection from Android phone to Windows 7 64 bit PC
No "delta updates" in Google Play Store on Android 4.1+
Is there a way to sync a WebCal to "My Calendars" in Google Calendar
Apps won't open links in Chrome even when I set it as default action
How to remove syncronized photos from facebook
Where I can find my own Google+ Play reviews and ratings?
Why each android application runs on a different Dalvik VM process?
Quick way to show unread emails in inbox in Gmail app?
Root or flash Galaxy S 2 with Odin 3.07
Utilize my android tablet for actionscript 3 programming
How to revert Samsung Galaxy Mini S5570 to stock Gingerbread?
Nexus 10 won't boot after attempted unlock/root
My Galaxy mini having trouble with charging
CM9 shuts off itself on SGS2?
Nexus 4 not getting connected to PC
How to access intenal storage or internal memory of Android while conecting to PC?
Android: Delay dropbox upload intentionally
Cost of using AGPS for satellite location
Jelly bean screws up Droid 4 keyboard layout
Rooting Galaxy I9100 S11 Jellybean without changing ROM
How should I correctly turn on my phone?
Settings Keep Changing back
Open bookmarks to local files in Chrome
ADB driver MK808 installed but ADB is not working
Cracked screen, menu buttons non-responsive, need to wipe my phone! Ideas? HELP!
Wipe before upgrading from stock nexus to CM?
What happens to my google account if I factory reset?
When I write an email using the Android mail apps, how can I send it 2 hours later?
How can I find my phone without an app
Native SIP client in Samsung Galaxy S2 Android version 4.1.2
How to launch Google Keep from shell?
What is the main activity of Google Keep called?
Cannot configure keyboard input language anymore
Some apps closing, crashing, some not starting, flashing
Clear Download cache on Alcatel devices?
Google Backup: Multiple devices using the same account - what happens on Restore?
Cannot find unzipped files from WinZip Android app
Samsung tablet 2 10.1- why is the adaptor in two separate parts
After phone reset - how to download all my apps from google play store?
How to add a shortcut to the 'My Apps' screen of the Google Play Store?
How to automatically launch android Acess Point on startup?
Lost all sms data but database seems to be in the folder
Is data/data/com.android.browser/databases/webview.db being encrypted?
Why did my wallpaper stop working?
How to get Google Play in China
Galaxy S3 stuck on boot loop, Factory Reset didn't work
Changing System Color without Flashing a rom
Play Store not downloading app without wifi
Link2SD fails to mount after nandroid restore
Select music quality when syncing Google Music with Android
SD Card messed up
GPS Battery Drain -- LocationManagerService
Factory Reset NYX mobile Android 4.0
Is it possible to change the system language to Japanese?
TTS and STT while driving - Samsung G3 (BlueTooth)
Push a ROM to Galaxy S3 (d2att) while in TWRP/CWM?
Can't install Google Play Services
Was Firefox ever the default browser for Android?
Download Region or State for offline Map
Google Now suddenly disappeared
usb otg thermal printer interface to android tab with usb device
Why are animations from an Animated PDF not showing?
How do I change the Google Play country?
How do I manage CalDAV-provided tasks?
How to move Whatsapp chat history from iPhone 4 to Nexus 4?
Set hostname for SSHelper
Is there a way to scan unusual barcodes?
Some applications seem to always stay open, even after I exit them. How do I close these?
How can I find the saved password in Android browser?
How can I share my files from mobile device to PC through wireless router?
Installing Jelly Bean on China-made Ice Cream Sandwich tablet
Connection between Ubuntu and Nexus 7 does not work well
Galaxy S3 Providing Audible Voicemail Notifications and Alarm reads the time out loud
Flash Custom Rom on china tablet
Changing language option on ColorNote
Battery usage for keeping apps open
Android 4.1.1 consumes too much memory
How can I decrease the font size of incoming messages on the Samsung Galaxy Note permanently?
Android system RAM usage
Viewing app's internet activity by URL?
Is it enough to restore /data with ClockworkMod? (Maybe changing systems as well
How to get Picasa/Google+ shared photo's URL quickly from Android mobile device?
How do I bypass the Verizon activation on a Samsung Fascinate?
How can I play video over my LAN?
How to save map cache of my city on SD card for use with Google Maps, possibly with no expiry?
How to unlock android phone which is locked by entering wrong pin
How do I remove an app installed if the buttons in "Manage Applications" are locked and can't be pressed?
Contacts from iCloud to Android
Unresponsive menu button on several Android apps
Specific App install from Google Play fails, where to see log?
How can I protect my photos from Apps?
How to separate the two pieces of the AC adapter for Samsung tab 2 7.0
The process has stopped unexpectedly - recovery
How can I monitor my phone usage between two top up
Problem with attaching Archos device on Ubuntu
HTTP not accessible on laptop connected to Hotspot?
Problems cutting people off
How do I access google play music from the Philippines?
Galaxy Note 1 has become slow after upgrading the phone 4.1.2
How do I install a custom ROM?
Is there a minimal installation of ADB?
Browser's webview.db doesn't store Hotmail password, but it can still auto login. Why?
call waiting notification
How to add a shortcut directly to the 'Alarms' and 'World Clock' tabs of the stock HTC Clock app?
How do I patch the Android ADB driver?
Atrix 4G update via OTA with unlocked bootloader?
Rooted Kindle Fire can't connect to Socket
WiFi tether without losing battery
Read/Write not working on external sd card - Android
uinput.ko for sun5i AllWinner A13 (Search)
Is there a maximum number of devices allowed on a Google Play Account?
I cannot charge my tablet
How to customize Facebook chat notification sound?
How do I access files on an Android device from a LAN connected computer?
updating a game with Apk file?
Xperia Play (R800a) stuck at Sony Ericcson logo on boot
Rooted Galaxy Note 2 cant get internet
Activate Android device on IPv6-only network
Menu screen won't light on HTC Rezound
How to transfer installed apps from one account to another
Is it possible to record calls on Galaxy S3
Do I need adb? Whats wrong with terminal?
Clock Widget on tapping does not open
Unable to root S7180 MTK6577 Phone
Samsung s duos not booting into recovery
Google Now "time to leave" notifications are late
Can an apk file be written to any type of NFC tag
Galaxy S2 on Android 4.0.4 won't vibrate
Is it possible to use Samsung Galaxy Nexus as a bootable USB stick?
USB file transfer only works when HTC One X is connected in internet pass-through mode
How do I delete an email in Gmail from the notification screen?
How to download all my apps in google play when I have flashed a new ROM?
How can I easily restrict all apps EXCEPT specific apps from using data?
How can I delete ALL alarms in the stock Clock app?
Samsung Galaxy S III (S3) Won't Connect via USB with Android File Transfer with MacBook Pro - Mountain Lion
Fast, easy, reliable way to transfer large files between Android devices? (aka. WiFi Direct stories from the field)
How to fix Cyanogenmod 7 hanging on boot animation after NO firmware changes
Restore whatsapp chat if no SD-card
How to boot the Mele A1000 in recovery mode
How do I have my Galaxy S3 automatically switch into Driving Mode when I am moving in a car?
I need remote access to my MyTouch 3G Slide using a web interface with no access to the phone
Lower Menu shortcuts disappeared
GT-S7572 Samsung App Store instead of App China
"CP Crash: Don't Power OFF & Contact us" every 2-3 days
How to make "Navigator" my default mapping app?
Swap z and y keys on Xperia Mini Pro with Android 4.0
How to get my Android device to connect in USB Debugging Mode?
link2sd not linking properly
Will a nandroid backup save me from a bad upgrade?
Galaxy note 10.1 reset s-note picture import preferences
Android speech recognition - how to get access to the audio files?
Small clock icon above AM/PM on 4x2 clock widget
Galaxy S I9000 doesn't start
Importing SSL certificate for email
Clearing Dalvik Cache without root?
How can I disable profanity filtering of autocomplete suggestions?
Is there any way to re-render a photosphere?
Memory reported as full without being full
Not able to access photos, songs from phone storage
Where are the developer options in Android 2.3.x?
Samsung Galaxy tab 10 does not start up
How can I disable IPv6?
Does the lock screen on a encrypted device provide different security than an unencrypted device?
SGS3 in app screen restarts
CyanogenMod doesn't work on HTC Sensation XE
ssh over wifi vs broadband weirdness
How to stop Google Keep from seeing numeric data as phone numbers?
How To Change browser font in Chrome For Android?
Can't seem to configure my phone to download to SD card by default
Connect to Ubuntu Linux VPN
Connecting to Adhoc Wifi
How to enable USB connection mode on Samsung Galaxy Fit?
"Application has stopped unexpectedly" error when starting Play Store or browser. How to fix?
Android sync with calendar works only one-way
Why isn't the Swype keyboard showing corrections?
no sound on playing videos using vlc beta on nexus 4
Add users not showing in Jelly Bean 4.2 on TF300
Copy Directory to SMB Share Through Terminal
How can I edit a prior predictive search?
In my keyboard, is there a way to advance or backup the insertion point?
How do i use a lockscreen from another rom
Samsung Galaxy Ace not detected AT ALL on Windows 8 Pro
Home screen icon for terminal program?
Android will not open PDF files from notification bar
How can I "Share To" a network folder from my photo gallery?
Camera app crashing on Nexus i9250 Android 4.2.1
Galaxy S3 Mini Internet problems
It seems that I managed to enable "mousekeys" on my android. How do I disable it?
Trace stolen android mobile
How to Install Android Apps to the SD Card by Default
Booting to recovery
Eclipse does not see my phone as a running android device
Samsung Galaxy Apollo (GT-I5801) doesn't connect to WiFi connection. What should O do?
Losing network operator on Samsung Galaxy SIII mini
Will bootloader unlocking provide access to all the apps in the Play Store?
Samsung Soft Keyboard Keeps Popping Up when Bluetooth Keyboard in Use on Galaxy Note 10.1 with Android 4.1.2
How do I Restore a ClockworkMod backup with a busted power button or through ADB?
Is it possible to use the Google Play Store without having a mobile provider?
Is it possible to use adb backup in order to make a clone of a tablet?
I cannot use a USB cable to access my version 2.3.6 phone's SD card with Ubuntu 12.04 LTS
Link2sd boot issues
How to prevent Google aggressively associating my account to my searches?
Terminal-IDE: Is there a working wiki somewhere to discuss issues unique to this environment?
Terminal-IDE / wifi routing issues
Does Google provide a global games achievements system like Game Center? or Xbox LIVE?
How to change message vibration type on s2?
Three (UK telco provider) has blocked my tethering
Apps take up space but do not show up on app list
How to pack a firmware update image
What kind of power saving smarts does Android already have?
Upload PDF file to Gmail
Download any Android apps on SD card
screen keeps jerking and there are automatic touches
Where is a good memory checker for Android?
fastboot flashall -w Halts
How do I root Micromax Canvas 2 A110?
pendrive was working well on tablet, before formating..but now not showing data
how to acces to apk using backup?
remove pic in quick setting grid
Formatting Android storage "zero out" technique
Stream music from Android phone to PC over WiFi
Distinguishing between placed received and non-received calls
Phone favorite - remove picture icon due to screen real estate
Can you send texts from iMessage to someone who has Android and uses Handcent?
Undo "marked as spam" on Facebook Messenger
Can I restore downloaded paid apps after a factory reset?
Why will my Samsung Galaxy Gio not turn on
Can't download updates via home WiFi network but can over other networks
What is the method to debug Android kernel from booting in tablet?
How do you "Share via" email & wifi option from gallery ? It's missing
Installing ADB drivers for Micromax A89 Ninja - Windows 8
Is there a way I could sync my Facbook galleries with my Android Gallery?
How can I install APK file on Bluestacks app player?
My SGS3 is recognised but does not connect or transfer files, not even a backup!
Android phone taps touchscreen on its own
How to convert .img to .tar to flash using Samsung odin tool?
Will Dropbox re-upload a changed file if I don't access it from within the app?
What does the "VimTouch Full Runtime" do?
How to get my tablet listed by adt
Clockwork Mod Can't find backups
Is there any adb shell command to focus camera?
How to avoid application autostart when a usbdrive is plugged to tablet
How do I enable the character count when typing an sms?
Android Tablet (4.0.3) home icon (lower left corner of the action bar) does not work when clicked
running jelly bean 4.1.1 on Galaxy note screen flashes when I retrieve voice mail
How Do I Turn Off Google Now Card Notifications?
Why does the manta (nexus 10) not "mount" with MTP selected?
Configure Play Store to download temporary files to SD Card
T-Mobile Prism won't boot
Galaxy Note 2: Disable MTP/PTP
Install Android. v 4.0.4 on a STAR H3000+
Non-root backup with multiple users (non-owner or secondary users)
Multi-language support packs?
If I have Android can I respond to group messages from iPhone users?
How to push website links from phone to chrome/other browser?
WiFi Connection problems Samsung Galaxy S3 mini
HTC Desire Bravo low memory
Updating Unsuccessful, but Phone memory reduced
Contact search in Xperia Z doesn't show all contacts
How to remove pre-installed apps from Xperia E?
Disabled samsung keyboard- now can't turn on my s3
Using speech-to-text in text messages
Connect to external device via bluetooth. Who's master/slave?
Android ADB drivers installation error
Using Tasker to block a specific number
Security lock pattern
Setting "phone ringing" sound for outgoing calls
How can I take a screenshot on my Samsung Galaxy Fit?
Nexus 4 does not play notification sounds sometimes. How to fix?
GPS and icons on the Android notification bar
New Galaxy Tab 2 10" backlight doesn't stay lit during use
Why does the new Chrome update want the permission to use my camera and audio recording?
What data will be lost if I update my phone (WT19i)?
Rooting Desire permanently
Could not turn wifi on
email rejected by yahoo but droid keeps trying to resend
Problems with the Clock
Enable Location Services via Remote Control
can't remove persistent android widget (accuweather.com)
Clear memory and recent task automatically after an app is closed using Tasker
I Need help unrooting my device
What is this in my system tray?
Why does my phone disconnect when I answer a call from an "unknown number"?
Import my Personal Profile contact from a vCard
i am locked out of my android after forgetting the pattern
how can I auto connect to open wifi?
Phone will not let me ENCRYPT
Sync Google contact photo to Android phone
Home button or back button to leave an app?
SIM vs. USIM inside Android smartphones
What is a "native web app"?
Sony xperia ringtone
unlocking problem in hcl me v1
How to filter my Google contacts?
How do you restart the download manager service?
What information is available to an app from the magnetometer?
Is there a way to use a different account with YouTube?
Mount external sdcard after upgrade to Jelly Bean 4.2.2
open keypad on default when calling?
My Sony Xperia S started rebooting after i installed Beats Audio Installation
Use Applications on post-boot mounted SD card?
Nexus 4 does not ring for calls on google talk or viper when screen is locked
Volume limit specific app?
Are all Xperia Play Optimized games compatible with the Xperia Z/ZL's native DualShock 3 support?
How does NFC Task Launcher toggle Power Saving and how can I get Tasker to do it?
How do I view/mount nandroid file on device?
How to Remove this battery symbol of head in Android 4.0.4 device Sony Xperia MT27i?
Bootloop using Sony Xperia Arc S (LT18i)
Is it possible to reproduce munsell colours on an android device?
Unlock when sliding out physical keyboard
ADB shows unknown device
Photos Look "Washed Out" when attached
Enable Picasa albums in Android gallery
Can't find Wifi Direct option in settings
Can I install Android on my Samsung Omnia W8350 - windows 7 phone?
I mounted Android on Ubuntu. Can I create subdirectories using mtpfs?
Modify 30 second incorrect PIN delay
What app allows me to block "probable" spam calls
Why doesn't my phone charge?
Galaxy Nexus ICS Does't remember wifi Passwords - ICS 4.2.2
How to monitor child's SMS messages?
I'm seeing duplicated images and videos on Gallery
Autostart browser with a webpage
Nexus 7 charges very slowly, even with 2 amp chargers
Quick Settings pull-down not accessible for 2nd user profile
When enabling Bluetooth, is there a way to prevent it from attempting to connect to the two most recently used devices?
Add static IP settings to custom rom
Android does not boot because of missing apk files in system/app folder
How to use "drag & drop" on websites?
Samsung s-planner as interface to google calendar, miss 3-day layout
How to move application to SD card in samsung galaxy s duos
Sony Xperia Tipo JB installation unsuccessful
What information does stock Android send to Google by default, and how do I opt-out?
LED on Xperia Z only in operation while charging
Reading ReStructured text on android?
Asus TF300TL - cannot get videos showing on both tablet and on 8" monitor via HDMI
How can I configure Android to login to an ISA proxy server?
AutoMount ext2 SD-card on Huawei U8350 (Android 2.2.2)
I would like to use an android phone as a blutooth to usb passthrough
Verizon HTC Incredible 2
Setting alarm on with a single click
From where on the network is time information received?
Nexus 7 randomly reboots and resets date to 1999
Connecting an android phone through the wifi with proxy
Droid RAZR - Is there any way to clear the numbers from the screen when using the dialer?
How could I set the number of Android original desktops?
Factory reset Cynogenmod 10 OS in LG P-500 makes applications crash
Titanium Backup batch options
What does TRWP backup include?
Google Nexus 7 3G free storage not recognised by Play store
How to hide the carrier name in status bar?
How to switch off HDMI
Game runs on wrong resolution
How to put the Kindle Fire in airplane mode?
How to hide audio, video or images at gallery?
Android and DEX files handling at runtime
Samsung Champ (GT-3303k) to be converted to Andoid?
Can I share Google Keep notes between people?
How do I insert a non-breaking space with the Android OS Keyboard?
Briefing Alarm News and Weather Not Read Aloud on Galaxy S3
Listen which URLs an app tries to connect
Samsung Galaxy S Captivate power button
Format SD card after playing with fdisk (No card reader)
Gallery images appearing in mixed up order
Which A2SD should I use with AOKP VJ 4.2.2 Jelly Bean v2.1 on HTC Desire
How can I root my Yarvik Tab411?
How to disable duplicate calendar notifications?
WiFi Tether Causes a BSOD in Laptop Using Intel WiFi Hardware
Stop Applications Loading
Double Security for Gmail
Use nvflash to install recovery compatible with CM10.1
Syncing Google Calendar on Android 2.3.4 Gingerbread
HTC Explorer wallpaper display problem
How to install cyanogenmod on LG P690 optimus net: how to know which ROM?
Jelly Bean Update cause SD card unexpectedly removed issue
Cannot access all my folders from my SDCard via USB
Why is there no network in my new Samsung Galaxy S2 when I insert my Prepaid Sim Card?
How to suppress repeated alert/notification sounds
Personal data (contacts, sms, phone logs, settings, etc) gone after moving apps to a new microSD
Installing to SDCard by default
What is the differrences between Talk and Google+ Messenger?
Are images in HTML emails blocked by default on Samsung S3?
My phone seems like it is sending MMS messages, but they never actually arrive - what's going on?
Bypass memory manager; keep app alive
How to adjust ringer volume while listening to music?
Samsung Note 2 does not assign received IP
Why do my browser's contents disappear each time I leave the page
What's the purpose of "Emergency Call" button on SIM unlock screen?
Share Computer internet connection with my Google Nexus One
Camera Icon disappeared and camera screen blank
Android GTalk, Chromium Gtalk, Gmail Gtalk - how can i send files such as image, music, video clips like whatsApp?
Message Memory Full in Samsung Galaxy Young Duos & Screenshot transferring
Can't update Nexus S. Stuck at "waiting for download"
Not able to see who is calling in HTC Desire C when connected to computer
External_sd storage showing in my usb storage
Nexus 4: Lost superuser rights after an update to 4.2.1 - how can I get them back?
How does the Nexus 4 rotating circular camera control work?
Using a separate account for Play Store purchases
Setting up an IMAP e-mail, need help
Why are android devices equipped with only (relatively) little RAM?
Why some apps still need a manual update although having been configured to be automatic update?
External keyboard behaviour: "I replaced by Ï and so on
Applications forget setting in every boot
Uninstalling app from specific device only
How to backup original firmware and personal data before firmware change?
Upgrade Galaxy S Advance from 2.3 to 4.1
How to use phone as an USB Wi-Fi adapter?
What's the input current draw for the Nexus 4?
Hide certain numbers when picking SMS recipients
Although I have enough the available storage does not match it
How to set up an android device to function as a phone only
Why did my phone start ringing when there is no SIM card installed
Why is my phone vibrating incessantly during calls?
How to store data on internal memory on LG Optimus 4X HD
mounting google nexus s on linux at fastboot mode screen
If I root a Droid ( Razr M) does it get factory reset (erasing all installed apps, etc.)?
If you root a phone can you still get the upgrades to to the O/S?
Disable notification sounds for email
Discover version of Bluetooth
Move app to SD card
How to download pictures from Google Nexus?
Does Facebook Home uninstall cleanly?
How to prepare for upgrade to Jelly Bean - Droid Bionic
auto logoff from all apps on android
Factory reset without accessing phone settings
Cant see device with lastest adb.exe version but I can see it with an old adb version in Windows
After rooting my verizon Galaxy S3, I have no data or cellular connection?
What's the best way to restart Android via command line (remotely)?
How can I unlock a pattern lock if my screen is defunct?
How can I minimize UI lag?
How do I configure Dropbox in my Galaxy S III so that it does NOT automatically upload every photo/video I take?
How to rebuild or refresh slow Motorola Defy
Issues after rooting my Galaxy S2 by running fk23, the Jellybean ROM
Unable to use Samsung Galaxy Y because of constant "Application has stopped Unexpectedly" messages
Samsung logo loop in galaxy y
Unable to change radio channels through headset
Why is my battery low only a few hours after charging?
What uses most power: GPS or WiFi?
Youtube video quality
Why is internet switched off when switching 2G/3G?
What is the difference between CFAutoRoot and CFRoot?
Disable an app from creating bookmarks
How to get pass FTM on my ZTE Android mobile device trying to turn on?
Merging Contacts
Getting an error message COMPLETE NAND_WRITE_FAIL while trying to flash galaxy R via Odin I9000
New files in Download directory
Can Android run .exe file?
Back up files on a pattern locked phone
Is it possible to selectively limit background data usage?
How to print to CUPS (running on another computer in the LAN)?
SSH server when phone is sleeping: possible?
Phone not receiving calls on deep sleep
Can Android tablet read external hard drive and if so which formats?
HTC One and Sendgrid SMTP outgoing mail server not working
How do I open Markdown files from the Dropbox app?
Galaxy S2 Not Booting After Editing build.prop
data/log folder causes "internal storage has run out of space" message
MMS not working on CM9 ROM
How to use an USB 3G modem data connection with an Android phone (Galaxy Nexus)?
Text messages sent from Outlook do not show in my Android's messaging folder
Backup and restore MMS
Flashing ROMs: Am I "Doing it Wrong?"
Xperia X8 flashtool error: ERR_DYNAMIC="SIN header verification failed"
How can I get backup the files from my semi-broken android before shipping it in?
Why does TI backup say there's still unnecessary cache?
Batch download web links on Android?
Is there a way to restore my Samsung Galaxy S3 (SCH-i747)?
Where do APN come from?
Xperia V touchscreen doesn't respond
Remote Access/Editing files from Android without rooting on any other remote platform
Voice command when switching pages on home screen
Can I install Google Play and run Android apps on my iPhone or iPad?
Decrypting TitaniumBackup files
Chrome shows black screen when playing video, but performs well when full screen
Google play downloads app and then tells me cannot load as no devices
Cloning an application with its full data store between devices
No common file attachments using Android 4.2.2
On system restore, will I lose my software updates?
Should I keep my Android tablets' power off or leave them on standby mode?
Android, typing Czech-specific characters on Samsung Galaxy Tab 2
How to gain access to the SPI port on any Android phone
Can I get root access on my Nexus 4 without installing custom bootloader, recovery or ROM?
Unable to access the "mmcblk0p6" file, on Samsung S5300 Mini Pocket
Can I make a Wi-Fi VoIP call on Google Voice without third party applications?
Jellybean on Motorola Defy
I can't send a picture attachment within a text message - using NET10 (Motorola ATRIX 2)
Emulate touch scrolling by rotating device - tilt to scroll
how to detect filesystem type of umounted partition?
Vibrate function on my Samsung Galaxy S3 doesn't work though it is turned on. What is the cause?
Recent Apps shows app contents even though when its locked
Can I send Ctrl+C to Android terminal from Windows Powershell?
how to lower boot up time? (many apps 122, rooted device)
*#7284# not launching phoneutil
How to mute on Galaxy s2 on android 4.1.2
XXDMC3 update for Galaxy Note 2
selecting a chime in Caynax Hourly Chime
Custom keyboard shortcuts for Android
Android stock mail app does not retrieve IMAP mails
Galaxy Nexus always rotates a picture - portrait instead of landscape and vice versa
changing the lock screen time and date display lg l5
Do I need to wipe anything before restoring a full nandroid backup?
Is there some app that allows me to answer phone calls with my computer?
How to save Facebook and Skype information to Google contacts?
Nexus 7 , Android Ver. 4.2.2, Locking icons down on home screen
How is WhatsApp able to receive messages when not in use?
Whatsapp, Keeping the number on the new phone but without the old sim card
Connect to a FTP server using IPv6?
Issues while accessing system files with su in Chinese make Tablet. (Android 4.0.3)
Can I change the download path for the Amazon MP3 cloud?
Deactivated HTC Droid Incredible not installing apps
Use Galaxy S2 / S3 as router for PC lan gaming
Indic font(Kannada) is not rendering properly in Android ICS
how can i stream my screen to an xbmc mediastation?
Enable Hebrew Swipe Input
How to change the way joined contacts are displayed
Alternative file transfer clients
Use WhatsApp anonymously
Samsung Galaxy Note N7000 Died
What needs to be set up in an Android device from another region for a Russian user in Russia, and how?
How can I use external modem for voice calls on Android tablet?
Is there a special boot mode to boot into a system with root access (on Galaxy S)?
Android Rooting : Facility vs Harm, Should I make Rooting in my device?
Whats the use case of proximity sensor?
gTalk status icon on the notification bar
No Permissions Error Regardless of sudo or shell
Is there a way/browser plug-in available that can turn off and on Airplane Mode without using the physical button?
How do i open a text file from a terminal window from within the android gui
Remapping hardware key on keyboard to trigger voice input
How risky is it to return a rooted android device under 'warranty'
How to Root LG Optimus Slider VM701?
Font rendering problem in ICS 4.0.4
Flashing English ROM on Korean Samsung Galaxy S3
video recording distorts vertical lines
Malware has corrupted SD card
How to make Galaxy Tab as portable WiFi hotspot?
Sorry! the process com.android.phone has stopped unexpectedly. Please try again. force close
Last Seen Date on Whatsapp when user uninstalls/removes or deletes the whatsapp?
Cant download any pictures/files/movies from the Internet on my Samsung Galaxy S2
My Galaxy S3 refuses connection to home WiFi
Tamil Font not supporting in Facebook and tamil websites
Which modem firmware for Samsung Galaxy S (GT-I9000) works best with the mobile networks in Russia?
Can Android phones/tablets access W-Fi network drives?
Toggle "Unknown Sources" with Tasker
Cannot tether to Windows phone - SSID shows an asterisk
If I flash a custom recovery img, will I be able to boot the normal old system?
Is rooting 4.2.2 really this complicated?
Navigation voice not loud enough
How to flash a custom recovery with heimdall (without touching the main system)?
Can I flash another modem firmware from a CWM recovery (and not touch the main installed OS otherwise)?
Jelly bean phone won't let me get to the APN setting
CWM Superuser on HTC Droid Incredible
Is there any (open) standard for importing/exporting contact from/to any mobile phone?
disable two startup logos on android devices startup
Something's automatically sending "stuff" from my phone
nexus 4 red light flashing ,unresponsive
Galaxy S2 is possibly bricked. What can I do?
What does waiting/clock icon next to a message mean and what if I delete message in this state?
Disable sharing of playlists in Spotify App
connect to specific wifi only
How to make volume buttons on earphones/headphones work with Android?
Does my phone need an Internet connection to install apps from Google Play?
Taking Screenshots in Micromax Ninja A89 ICS Mobile Device
what is the GPS accuracy for android phones?
Gallery is displaying three, sometimes even four copies of the same file - why?
How can i go direct into signing for gmail without touching the screen on my G1 Tmobile?
memory card not working
Laptop doesn't get IP address when tethered via WiFi
Accessing android Marketplace from desktop android capable phones in office
I have lost my phone! Please help me regarding the apps to track it down
Need to unlock Coby tablet; MicroSD card not formatted
SSH to Mac using Android Phone
Vibration stopped working on Galaxy S2
How to mount both App and Phone Storage over USB for HTC Evo?
Google maps doesn't have data connection
Is it possible to get Tasker to play the next song in Spotify
How to turn off Yahoo Mail notifications in 4.1.2.?
Is this behavior normal for lock screen and Phone app for android 4.1.2?
Restore Weather App Samsung Galaxy S2
How can I root my Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc S?
How do I get the tablet gmail client to allow me to swipe to archive like the phone client
Create Playlist Folders
How to use a Bluetooth output sound while there is a Digital TV receiver connected to the phone jack?
It is possible to forward all audio to the Android smartphone via wi-fi?
Disable Backup Service in Android Emulator
Is there a way I can see a list of all the applications I've set as "default"?
How can I reduce screen brightness below the minimum without an app?
Prevent entering PIN code before lockscreen
How to Retrieve SD Card Files via fastboot or recovery?
Send SMS from PC through Bluetooth
Galaxy S2 X t989d firmware update - Kies crashes
What does permission "MANAGE_ACCOUNTS" mean?
How NOT to synchronise fax numbers to the phone from Gmail contacts?
galaxy s3 not charging
Disable camera capture button?
Create a repeating task in Jorte
Not all Google Apps in SuperNexus Rom on Galaxy S3
My apps status suddenly become "not installed on the phone", even the google play store!
galaxy s2 wont turn on just keeps popping up us cellular symbol than re does it again
Find PHYS_OFFSET value for mkbootimg
adb restore time
Is there a way to type German and French characters from the stock keyboard?
Does MHL video out support both analog and digital signal conversion and output function?
Tablet Genesis 7240 + Android + Bit Web Server dont work
Simple way to toggle between 2G and 3G connection
Can I charge my Samsung tablet without the plug in charger? Are there any other ways?
ADB without USB connection
Cannot ping Android devices on same wifi network
Why are Google Talk notifications at a low volume?
Direct VISIBLE connection required for GPS?
Is there a way to force apps to use internal memory only?
Maps location out by 12,742km - the other side of the world
Block Google Play installing certain applications
Will this android rom work for hd7?
3G Connection Problem
How to recover lost contacts from samsung galaxy s3
Is there a list that explains the risks involved with each granted application permission type?
Fake/Dummy/mock internet for spam apps
SD card in Android virtual device
android 4.1.1 network connectivity issues
Android phone does not know its location despite all the sensors being turned on
Is SD card damaged
Install USB host drivers on Android ICS
How to setup Google+ to instant upload pictures which take from Camera Zoom FX?
How to keep display always off during the call on HTC Sense 4.1 (Android 4.0.1)?
How can I root my Celkon a95 pro?
Bluetooth audio connection confirmation with Tasker
How can I get daydream mode to remain active throughout the night when using the wireless charger?
External HDD not recognized by tablet
Motorola XT610 (Droid Pro) Root
Difference between "nandroid" and "nandroid + ext"
How to gain S-OFF on HTC Salsa
Bluetooth Keyboard won't automatically connect
How Do I Launch The SDK Emulator?
Record video and send it to server
Widget to show calendar events and TODO items merged in a single agenda?
How to get the Enter (Return) key in Messaging (MMS) app - Jelly Bean
When calling my screen goes black on LG P880
AutoSync is disabled in Android ICS LG P920 3D. How turn it on?
When I send or receive a call, the person on the other side can't hear me
My Galaxy Tab 10.1 fell straight from the bed. Will this influence the Tab life?
Is there a way to share OTR keys between different applications?
A way to get the current resolution size and DPI from the command line/terminal/adb?
How to mount a remote FTP share as local folder/directory?
Can I install "HTC Wildfire" or "Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 mini" firmware on "Samsung Galaxy Pocket"?
How can I print web pages from my Android to a wireless Printer?
What is the difference between Superuser from ChainsDD and Superuser from ClockworkMod?
Missing application shortcuts
How Can I Stop This Tasker Profile From Toggling Back and Forth?
Issues transfering .apk files from PC to phone using the cable. Sony Xperia Neo
How to prevent automatic aggregation of contacts
How can I get back access to the media interface drivers?
LG optimus 4x HD root
Trouble installing ADB correctly, Kindle will not show up in device manager
Carbon backup discovery issues with Nexus 7
samsung gt i9000 does not start
IMEI mismatch error on restoring nandroid backup from another device(same model)
Hcl me connect V1 lockscreen error
CWM Recovery mode menu does not show up, stucks at red screen
How to install Android Composite ADB Interface
BusyBox `ln -s`: How do I create symlink to a directory on external SD-card?
Phone lists saved WiFi network that I do not recognize
Unusual battery drain on note II
Can I root a Superpad Flytouch 8?
Updating Siyah Kernel to 1.9.1 on Galxy SIII i9300 ends in black screen after Siyah logo
My Samsung S3 I747 is always Roaming
Sudden drop in battery life
Boot loop data recovery
Nexus 7 and Bit Web Server last update problem
How to edit doc from mail attachment in drive?
If I install a new ROM does that erase all my installed apps and dat?
Does rooting erase anything?
Can't use Google Account on Android 2.3
Can't access Samsung Galaxy S2 (GT-I9100) storage?
How to sync Picasa photos to Android 4.2.2?
Why does Facebook Home not require any permission?
How to show chat head facebook android manually?
Enable Location Service on Facebook Messenger app for Samsung Galaxy Note II
syncing markup/word notes over dropbox?
GTalk notify when a friend is online
Google Maps Location History is showing an incorrect location
Can I make Google Play not run a background process (on CM10)?
Will reseting my device to factory setting unroot and remove superuser?
How do I make Android consider my WiFi Access Point as valid (blue?)
Remove 'Driving mode' from status bar dropdown?
Handcent has forgotten half of my contacts
2G versus 3G: Does it really save battery?
Configure Android for ONLY IPv6 on T-Mobile
Galaxy can't boot up, stucked at Samsung logo
How can I erase whole phone securely?
Galaxy GT-P1000, in recovery mode, which button is "Home Key"?
Text not being underlined in internet app on S4
What is the proper way of using GPS Test Plus to update GPS data?
Mediaserver is eating my phone's battery?
Image order in Gallery
Android and Google contact sync: "Starred in Android"
Installing Orbot as a remote SOCKS server for other computers?
How to prevent caching of music in Gingerbread?
Android launcher not working
Pairing Galaxy Note 2 to my car
How to change my device location on the Play Store
How can I install the UPS Mobile app in Sweden?
Disabling system noise interrupts of music
HTC Sense Personal Dictionary Doesn't Show Word
Enable slide-lock without PIN/password prior to security timeout - PIN/password enforced by enterprise security policy
Can app lockers really work?
VNC style connection over ADB?
Fastboot Kindle Fire 2
Tasker profile with state doesn't activate
Is there a way to view HTML files/sites on the Nexus 7/Android 4.2.2?
How to root Innos A35
Is it possible to translate websites in Chrome Android in "realtime" like I did on the PC?
How do I export my favourites from Chrome to the stock browser?
Unable to login Nexus 7 using Virtual Router created from desktop
Phone becomes slow after updating to Jelly Bean
Determine if the phone supports cover art image files and the right filename and format
How to install Google Play Store in Coby MID1060 without rooting?
Can I restore apps from my SD card?
The /sdcard direcory and other directory conventions: how is the Android filesystem structured?
Can't download files to HTC One X
What could cause large discrepancies in reported data use?
How can I move files between folders in the Dropbox app?
Change to a different vibration for text messages on a Galaxy S 2
Why can't I access the files on my SD card?
Why does my SD data get messed up when i connect to PC with USB?
missing pictures/videos from HTC EVO after being encrypted
Installing stock JellyBean in Galaxy S2 [Argentina]
What apps need to be saved on internal memory in the S4?
Does this permissions request make sense?
How to uninstall default apps
How can I mount my google nexus4 on linuxmint(nadia) computer via usb?
Can I remove User Dictionary Application itself ? not just words in it?
How does the Asus transformer keyboard dock work?
Where is CP Message stored?
Why doesn't my wallpaper scroll?
Internet Usage on Samsung Galaxy Ace 5830.
Map HTC Logo on HTC One
Latest Gmail update is not working on my Samsung Galaxy S3
Why live wallpapers use phone call info
unlocked device vs. unlocked bootloader
Disable Cyanogen 10.1 notification drawer widgets
backing up system image before rooting: please help
Odin and ChainFire on Samsung Galaxy S III
How to Install ClockworkMod on Innos A35
How do I get play store to stop asking me to auto-update on wifi?
Download files from Extabit Server
HTC One display problem
What does a streaming application do when I switch from mobile data to wifi?
What's the use of .tmfs folder on SD card?
How to clean up related files from deleted apps?
How to unlock pattern on Nexus 4 [Developer Option: ON]
Chinese songs don't show up in Apollo library
How to reset android phone which is locked and debugging mode is disabled, plus no recovery?
Connection problems 3G/4G (Mobile data)
SDCard frequently unmounts itself with HTC One V
Galaxy SIII is displaying small-size low-quality pictures for contacts
Sync Office 365 (Exchange) calendar with Android
Prevent switching keyboard layout when pressing Shift+Space on an external keyboard
How to mount two USB drives from same device on Android?
How can I configure a WiFi proxy that requires a username and password?
Play store stuck in old country
How can I use 2G voice calls in Nexus 7
How to backup Viber chat messages to Gmail automatically?
Restoring Samsung GT-P1000 to original firmware
How can I block annoying SMS From all numbers that start with a specific numbers?
How to open a securedownload.bin file?
Error while buying apps in Google Play store in Android Jelly Bean
Change Grid Size of Home Page without rooting phone?
Run Ubuntu from SD Card on Android Tablet
Password unlock and access to widgets?
Low FPS after JellyBean Upgrade
How to watch videos with Hebrew subtitles?
Gmail sorting settings for Galaxy S4
A few Questions about Recovery
Google Talk on Android only syncs one-way with gTalk on Desktop?
Losing partition on sd card
3G connectivity lost; reboot required to restore it
Is there a "temporary root" for Samsung phones?
Yellow tint on S4's screen
Can a 3rd party app *technically* take better pictures?
Use Samsung-type page swipe animation without installing launcher
Do any SVN servers exist for Android?
How to connect facebook contacts with third party app like rocket dialer, go dialer etc. in android 4.2.2?
What is "Kies via Wi-Fi" in S3?
How to control additional tethering settings on android phones?
Samsung Galaxy ace GT S5830i can't receive calls while using internet browser
Karbon Smart Tablet 1- Problem
Can a thief unlock my stolen phone that is secured with a pattern?
How can I ask the navigation for a fastest route (after traffic)
where can I find information about my phone by imei
Xperia ray can't root
How to prevent Android from creating LOST.DIR on SD card?
How does the Android browser support Flash
No keyboard after factory reset. Can't install keyboard on phone with bluetooth, google play, sd card, etc
WebRTC in Android mobile phone how to get?
Copy synced videos in/from Dailymotion
HTC Desire HD Micro sd Card Ejects
Can't access internet but I'm connected to wifi.
Record Nexus 10 screen
Display screen keeps waking up when locked
Task management software that will sync with GTasks and exchange?
How can I fix phone corruption when using USB mass storage mode?
Samsung VG-KBD1500 keyboard pairs but not connects to Nexus 7
HTC One X SMS Font Size Keeps Changing
How to resolve Instagram force close for CM9
How to move application to SD card in samsung galaxy s3 mini?
Mark Gmail as read when archiving from notification
Micromax A25 How To Root
How to search contacts with T9 dialer on Nexus 4
viewing Tiff attachments in Gmail
Nexus 7 - USB Port & Headphone Socket
Is it possible for my Sony Xperia Neo L to take other earphones besides SONY earphones
Uninstalling Ubuntu Touch From ClockWorkMod
My Samsung Galaxy Note won't charge but will turn on for 1 second
No sound on my Asus Transformer
How to launch LMT pie controls with home button
How much disk space does Android OS 4.1.1 take?
Why Have Some of My Widgets Disappeared After Switching Launchers?
Updating apps in multi-user environment?
Dev/Log's - login attempts and how to read the log?
forgot my google account password
Rooting EPad MX1014
Sound on Power-On
After update my Samsung S2 cannot lock the screen
Video recording bug fix for CM9 ICS?
Show messages on lock screen
Starting an activity listed under "Settings" from terminal (or adb shell)
Multiple Gmail notifications
Do Android phone apps run on Android tablets?
since upgrading my software to 4.1 my samsung galaxy note wont charge properly
Strange contacts on my phone can't be deleted
Stop Gmail notifications when receiving email from particular sender
Where does Google Now get its weather data?
Nexus 7 32GB - Cannot mount as a drive in Windows but USB cable still charges
Backup app data without root and no micro USB port
Host usb application not recognizing my usb devices?
Xperia U and Jelly Bean
How do I get the log files on my Optima Smart 220?
How to read conversation while writing long message
Is there a way to record and playback a set of touches?
imo Messenger can't do Skype IM anymore, any alternatives?
HTC Desire Z key number two misbehave at times
Disable email notification to sub-folders in the exchange account
How to avoid entering Cloud credentials in many apps
Good solution for Dynamic DNS
Does a DNS server exists for android?
Locking applications to wifi only data connections
Is there a widget for Twitter search?
How to root Sony Ericsson Xperia ray?
HTC Droid Incredible cannot load text message
Revert Android Update 4.0 to 3.0/3.2
bring out stack view in Chrome for Android
How to change Gmail account on Google Play but keep applications
Change sms signal for specific broadcast number
Connect PS3 Controller to Nexus 4
Samsung Galaxy S4 eye tracking
How to set a security question?
Samsung GT B5330 won't turn on
AT&T Samsung Galaxy Skyrocket running jellybean update, Voice Dialer issues with BlueAnt
How can I remove myself as an admin of a group?
How to view iTunes U without iTunes?
Why does my Droid RAZR play the new email notification when I visit my inbox on my PC?
Terminal or ADB command to force-stop applications
Install SSH Server or other terminal viewer for HTC X one
Ainol Novo 10 Hero 2 bricked?
Why do I get the message "device connection disrupted" when I connect my phone to the computer?
Why does my phone say "Verizon Wireless" when I receive a phone call?
I always have to login to google again?
Samsung galaxy 3 says charging paused. Battery temperature too low
How I can upgrade my device to latest Android without SD card?
SE BOOTLOADER v1.6 Problem (FAILED:phone is already unlocked)
How does the Google Play Store get updated?
How to make YouTube (and any video) work with my proxy?
What if you accidentally deleted some important apps and can't install them back?
How to install Samsung (or other manufacturers) apps on Vanilla ROMs on Galaxy S3
How can I fix my corrupted /data partition?
How to change default username in Google Play?
How do I transfer music files to Nexus 4
Android keyboard and play store not working
Does Cyanogenmod reduce battery life?
Create bookmarks in Chrome mobile browser. (Galaxy s4)
Two Asus Transformer TF300s, same JB version, different skin
How to unlock the bootloader on Verizon Galaxy S3 without phone service
What does power saving do exactly?
nexus S partition scheme, can it be changed?
An existing package by the same name with a conflicting signature is already installed
Images and videos not readable from SD
android "market place" hangs on start up
Best way for a COMPLETE backup? [Rooted Nexus 4 with stock ROM]
Download and Install (aka sideload) Facebook Home APK
Disable splashscreen - BOOTLOGO disabled
Sunspider : performance of 3rd party apps relative to stock browser
control android device from pc
Using busybox telnet, teminal emulator and ubuntu
Nexus one gapps not working ( Evervolv 4.2 JellyBean)
How can I find obb folder in a rooted device to copy a game's sd data files and play game?
Is there anyway to increase the bass in Jelly Bean?
How do i fix low storage space so i don't have to reset my phone?
Should I Skip Recovery Installation Step From CyanogenMod ROM
How can I control media volume from a 3-button in-line remote?
How is an Android application installed?
Reset application specific or phone-wide default image folder
How can I stop Google Play Music from automatically downloading my library?
Sprint Galaxy S4. Javascript required random popup
How could I view that Android Screen on a computer or larger screen
Can I install Ruby and Ruby on Rails on an Android?
Can I flash my carrier-locked phone to a firmware for a different region and/or carrier?
How can I install Jelly Bean on a Micromax Funbook P275?
View Google Books in Android mobiles?
Android Music Player is not detecting Music files
Wow, my Android OS used 1.75GB in 5 days
LG P710 Optimus L7 II keep turning off the WiFi
Reset Chrome website permissions
Remove internet access for pre-installed apps that you can't disable
How do I get my HTC Desire out of the boot loop?
Network problems with Samsung Galaxy Young (S6312)
How to use Sony Xperia Z's burst mode programatically?
Every time I reboot the system, it will return the default display sleep time to 15 seconds, how to fix this?
If I delete a game that I've downloaded from google play, can I still install it later?
adb backup disabled on phone
What causes NFC on Nexus 4 to stop working?
Mobile data is disabled, but some data is still transmitted
copying music, pictures and movies from a galaxy s 4g to the pc
Can't I change the sound volume with the screen locked?
Is there a way to automatically hide the status bar when the landscape keyboard is open?
How to simulate a slow internet connection on an Android phone
My Lg P500 will not connect to internet servers
Changing Play Store default language and/or country
How to forward all traffic over a VPN (without rooting) using Forwarding Routes
How to turn off ringer when connected to particular wifi network
Is There Any Way To Increase Internal Memory?
How to disable Play store from updating itself?
Can I remove the last 3 widget host of the tablet I have?
file sharing between android devices without bluetooth and internet connection
What does the online status on Viber mean?
How do I root Android 2.3.3 on HTC Desire?
Why does Android 3.x have no market share?
How to get fm radio back after Desire X was updated to Android 4.1?
Is it possible to play music from an Android device to Airplay speakers?
can I transfer a game app from galaxy s3 to galaxy tab 2
LED light DROID 4
Phone / Skype Dialing Option
"Contacts' birthdays and events" calendar does not update on S3
Turn off GPS, when the mobile is switched on
Backup Wifi SSID and password on SGSII
IM+ Disable status string
Ports on the Android PHONE
Flash Samsung Rugby Smart AT&T to factory conditions after installing cyanogenmod
How to display a contact address on Google maps offline?
How to make Gmail in Android ask for user name and password as in laptop?
Is there any way to send SMS to another device using internet?
Amazon Appstore reports "payment issue" when I try to update an app I bought a while ago
Set different languages for different users
How to add timezone to world clock when you don't know the city?
Manually Linking Facebook Contacts to Android
How to recover deleted contacts
Help samsung home pin
nroot/unbrick Galaxy S2 SGH-T989
no adb devices detected after failed revert to Android
Location of App's "USB Storage app" and "SD card"?
Speed of WiFi file transfer from PC to phone
Nexus 4 wont charge or turn on; LED is blinking red
Can I get an update that isn't for my phone yet?
Trouble importing photos to windows
Google Maps unthaws "itself"?
Samsung Galaxy 3 Apollo I58001 | Limited Internal memory problem
How I can access Internet on My HCL Me U1 4.0.3 Android tablet without WIFI? Is this possible to use DSL?
Smart TV Stick (Android) connects to 3g dongle for Internet
Running own executable on Android shell
Wifi battery saving tips or automation
Why do I only have 304 MB of available storage space?
Galaxy S3 GT-I9300 version 4.1.2. stuck and freeze
Trying to use Kies to upgrade Galaxy Note firmware
Why my Google Now on my Motorola Razr D3 will not reply with voice?
Software Updates in devices
Limited space and Full SMS memory
How do I begin to troubleshoot aCal?
ADB RSA key popup not showing on Nook Tablet with official CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies
Nexus4 not sending touch-tones to other end of connection
troubleshooting email forwards not being sent, but no error message
How can I get rid of text I have put on my lockscreen?
Screenshots on Nexus 7 are 0 bytes
How to create multiple user accounts with password for each in galaxy note 800 with Android 4.0.1?
Get list of filenames via Tasker
Is there any old style keyboard (numpad style) available for Android?
Activate Device Administrator via ADB
Backup Notification Led (Pulse Light) Configuration
How can I use a custom rom.zip from within an emulator?
How to disable SMS notification during phone call?
reply with a different account - multiple email accounts
Removing a contact from "Frequently contacted" on Hangout (formerly Google Talk) app
All my apps crashing upon startup, black screen
What Android versions have captive wifi detection?
Unrooting Stratospehre
My Camera on my android tablet isn't letting me take any pictures. help?
Voice activated offline voice recorder
Where did the SIP settings go to on my LG Optimus 4X?
During a Google+ Instant Upload, is it all or nothing?
Google+ Auto Backup vs Instant Upload
Configure Android to save pictures/video to SDCard?
What backup option shall I chose in the Nexus 7 toolkit to backup everything on my Nexus 7?
Can I transfer pre-installed apps from a device with a broken screen to a different one?
Stop the lock screen! Jelly Bean 4.2.2
Google "Play Music" app constantly running!
What happened to camera search on Google Now?
How can I replace a carrier-customized system with the original version?
Volume controller and screen size controller missing from Youtube app
Samsung Galaxy S4, weird model, can I custom ROM?
Chrome homepage on Android 4.1.1
Why alarms in "To-do" applications are shown as notification
Android-x86 in Vmware workstation fails to start
Internet shortcuts on home screen
Does the Android OS provide any overheating protection?
Google Play authentication required error
Cannot add Outgoing COM port for any android device
How did my device know where I am located even though my GPS was turned off?
Razr Maxx HD, How to wipe data with broken screen
Problems with a linsay f-10hd cosmos locked
The application Market Feedback Agent has stopped unexpectedly
How do I delete a comment under Google Play
Will a license check fail if I am in a foreign country?
How can I fix internal storage growing for no reason?
How to sync Google+ Instant Upload with Google Drive?
Huawei G300 not fast enough for Google Racer
Samsung Galaxy s3 won't boot
Use Tasker to swipe lock the screen for 10 mins then require password thereafter
How does the Android OS estimate remaining battery time?
Update Samsung s5300 to android Honeycomb 3.2
Galaxy S4 - Exchange ActiveSync picks wrong Display Name
Setting phone to silence, but play notification sound on incoming mail from certain contact
FTDI chip used by Android 2.3.6
Missing internal flash memory: It does not mount
Samsung Galaxy S2 - Screen Lock Options Disabled
Is there a way to open SketchUp models on Android?
Asked to set PIN for credential storage
How do I mount my phone?
Lost pictures on Samsung Galaxy S3 internal memory
How to sync Nexus 4 and Nexus 7?
Android phone file structure seems corrupted when connected via USB
Cannot sign-in Google account on Samsung Galaxy S with 2-step authentication
My phone galaxy GT-I9003 is stuck in flight mode and not able to detect Sim card.
Google Play Services taking more and more storage
Google Play store crashes and gapps process not working since upgrading to Jelly Bean on Samsung Galaxy S II
Getting double message notifications after replacing Talk with Hangouts
How to download all photos to one folder like in iPhone
Swype remove special characters?
K9 doesn't like my SSL cert
How do I enter the Safe Mode on a HTC Desire?
Is there a nice one click alarm for android?
Galaxy S3 Mini drains excessive battery when Wifi is ON
Setting custom permissions per-application
How to access Samsung Galaxy S2 storage while phone is off
How do I delete a Non - primary Gmail account from Gmail app 4.3.1?
How to fix the boot of an android tablet
Google Now for GingerBread?
Using the same Skype number on computer and phone
Clock widgets and other widgets freezing on GS4
Last seen time for Whatsapp contact not showing anymore
If I charge Nexus 4 with a wireless charger will it charge considering red LED error
Trouble moving apps to SD card
What does the "last seen" status in WhatsApp stand for?
Why does "Phone booted!!!" toast message show up on start up?
No web access on Android 2.3.7
Xperia V require root permissions every time
Xperia V heats up very much near the camera
what is the download mode
use wifi for data but not phone?
Protect music player from being killed?
Downgrade Samsung 2 7.0 from CyanogenMod 10.1 (Jelly Bean 4.2.2) to stock ICS
How does voxer build your list of contacts?
Can I get my old keyboard back after update?
Android Tethering DNS Problem
Cursor positioning in SMS editor
Internal Memory getting low despite apps are moved out using Link2SD
Clearing app data without waiting for it to be counted
Got weird noises with auxiliary jack while charging in the car
Sending single SMS message to multiple contacts causes MMS
Set Nook Simple Touch back to Stock Reading App
Samsung Galaxy SGH-i897 with SlimBean won't connect to AT&T
Help with internet on Samsung Galaxy S3
Share PC storage with BlueStacks?
How to find files related to a process
How to connect 3rd party tcp/ip device to Nexus7
Do I need to root my phone to get a tcpdump?
Disable camera's lockscreen shortcut
Simulate menu button in older app (Android 2.x) on Android 4.x tablet
How can I get wired tethering on the Galaxy Rush to a WinXP?
How to install CyanogenMod on an MK808?
Email doesn't sync anymore with Hotmail after the JellyBean update
Using Galaxy Note 2 and stylus to draw in Photochop CS6 on Computer
my samsung galaxy nexus keeps telling me to update to 4.2.2 but it won't
How do I upgrade the OS on my Galaxy S2 I9100MUGKG2
S Planner (Mini) widget in Galaxy Note 2 (running on 4.1.2 JB) doesn't update
Google “Play Music” app constantly running!
Do Android devices become slower with time?
How to make packages from f-droid to be treated as from a "known source" (if I have root)?
Backup Android 2.3.6 app data before rooting
My HTC One X seems to be self destructing after Jelly Bean update
How do I get offline voice detection on my tablet running JB (4.1.1)?
My Nexus 4 says it's charging but it's actually discharging
Nexus S and phone charger get unusually hot when plugged in
Can I use the internal storage in the Wildfire S to store music and photos?
How to automatically connect to a wiFi network and turn off 4g LTE
Google+ Auto Backup failed
Problem connecting Galaxy Note 10.1 to Mac OS X Mountain Lion
Micro SD not being found on phone or pc after replacing
My Karbon Smart Tab 7 Tornado EX SD CARD problem
Installing app from google play in my SD Card
What's corrupting my ROM?
Is that possible to upgrade HTC wildfire s os?
Karbonn Smart Tab 7 Mounting Problem and Camera
Is it possible to have my Android device see hand gestures to turn on the screen and scroll?
How to search Games with "Google Play Game Services integration" in play store?
Services Google Play and Shop Google Play why both?
LG Optimus L5 e610 randomly reboots
Google Play UI language vs review language - what's happening here?
Google+ Location Sharing: How to share only city level locations
How do I use a periodic trigger in Automagic?
Restore HTC One X to original ROM
Using Micromax 353G Dongle with Penta IS701C tablet
Do any launchers restore home screen widgets from Google backup?
Desire password-required login for Facebook on Android
Audio playing only on right side on my Galaxy S3
How can I get my phone to boot again?
Wintouch Q75S - Removed wpa_supplicant on accident
How to cancel a download in Amazon Appstore?
Double message notifications after upgrading Talk to Hangouts (CyanogenMod 7.2)
Can i upgrade to jelly Bean?
How to fix a broken icon on an android phone
How to add/remove an individual song from device in May 2013 update Google Play Music app?
My phone- HTC One V reboots when I insert my SDCARD
Stuck on "Turning Wi-Fi on..."
Lock screen unactive for 8 seconds - Exchange security setup on Android 4.1.2
Where does the Foursquare notification come from?
How to install bundles of additional terminal commands for rooted devices?
What's the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver?
Does enabling sideloading allow applications to be installed or run on the device without consent?
Is there any camera application that can save photos on internal storage?
Access Samsung Galaxy S4 storage and SD card directly
How can I automatically connect my phone to the stronger Wifi signal around it?
How are SetCPU frequencies formulated?
How do I make sure that a custom ROM will fit my HTC Desire?
Nexus 7 won't boot up after the colorful X
fastboot doesn't see device
My SGS2 got stolen and I want to reset it through a PC - how?
How to save an image displayed in the stock browser without downloading it a second time?
How does the Android estimate the battery level without a current sensor?
Time server for Android
Forgot login pattern on my tablet
Can i flash indian rom in korean galaxy note?
How to upgrade android market to Google play
Some Android contacts with phone numbers are missing after update
what is a bootloader unlocked phone?
Isolating pocket casts from scrobble for last.fm
How to automatically use SKYPE when calling international number?
Turn off cell standby?
Can I adjust a car radio volume by Bluetooth?
Change the size of unlock pattern grid
Can I use tasker to override "lock on power button"?
Why are some USB chargers slower than others?
Is doing a factory reset via System Settings the same as a factory reset via recovery?
Install from unknown sources on Nook Tablet
Kindle Fire's actual name on the ADB Devices List Not user-friendly
Extracting data from a backup file (.sbu) made by Samsung kies
Samsung Galaxy Fit firmware update fails
My Nexus 4 always recognised as ADB device instead of MTP
TecTiles and applications
Make Sent folder show email recipient instead of sender
Apps install on their own
Read/Unread email option does not hold, reverts to Most Recent in Galaxy S3 4.1.1
Can I make Phone Calls with my Xtouch X709 Tablet?
Google+ Photo Backup Failed
My LG Motion is stuck in boot loop after hard reseting
Right swipe on my Galaxy 3s isn't working work
Best way to auto-synchronise music between HTC One and PC
Automatically cycle between web tabs on Android?
Can't download custom APK files on Cyanogen Mod 7
Hacking frequency range in tuner
Unable to load stock firmware (US Cellular)
Can't turn on my Galaxy s2 sprint SPH-D710
Text Messages Sporatically Get Stuck In Unsent State On Droid 3
Can I connect my Android mini PC to my Laptop as a monitor ? How?
Can I download a paid app on a second device from Google Play?
Sony Xperia Z corrupted photos in LOST.DIR folder inside microSD
What is in Nova's Google folder?
Xperia V New SD Card, can't make it recognize it as external
How to install Android to any phone very first time?
Not all files are visible over MTP
How can I require the pattern unlock only for specified times
Eclipse ROM on Droid X2 = no Wifi
how do you turn off the vibration alert for incoming text messages on a samsung galaxy s3 mini?
Can I remove silent mode from the volume rocker?
Using USB peripherals with hardware debug
Profile based on location(s)
Custom Boot animation is not working in Android Jelly Bean
HTC First - Not getting any Notifications for Phone, text or Voicemail. Only can see when Clicking on it
Screen turns black after a telephone call on a Samsung i9220
Samsung Tab2 without Google ID
How to enable SD MSC mount in Jelly Bean?
Deleted stock browser browing history recovering and stock browser "opened tab" information
What Effect Will Installing A Custom Launcher Have On MIUI V.5?
cannot download apps from play store
Why does charging leads to battery losing charge at times
Emulator takes forever to shutdown!
Keyboard Settings on Emulator revert on restart
Add proxy exception for local subnet on Android 4.2 (4.* maybe ?)
creating a pseudo sd card by partitioning the main drive of an android phone
Issue with the adb shell on a tablet 20080411
Samsung Galaxy S3 keeps losing network connection and need to restart phone to reconnect
I am looking for a simple way to translate words highlighted in the browser
Samsung galaxy mini? pls help...about kies?
adb backup that operates similar to dd
Send Shift+Enter to Facebook comment field?
"Hangouts (replaces Talk)" -- can I replace Hangouts with Talks if I don't like it?
Nexus 7 can't connect to PC
What are these numbers in the Data Usage and Battery Usage screen in Jellybean?
Create Something Like NTFS Junctions in Android 2.2
Only one thumbnail for all photos
rooting an ZHTC EVO 4g and samsung epic s 4g
Some Apps not Installing on CM 10.1
Twitter client tends to redirect to web browser
Different ROMs need different GApps?
Reinstall ROM from a new SD from scratch
How to stop all but 1 one app including their services?
How to use or uninstall a hidden app in Android?
Titanium Backup from Nandroid using pc
How can i logout from my gmail account
Beats Audio on HTC phones
Deleted my OS, samsung galaxy s2
Persistent download icon in One S pull down menu - even with download over days ago. How to remove?
Huawei Ascend G300 (U6615) not using Three network
My Samsung galaxy s GTI9003 stuck in flight mode
launch/start an App (Activity) by a gesture on the homescreen
What precisely is CloudAgent process? Its files eats space like crazy
How can I enter an English unlock password when the keyboard is Arabic?
What will I lose when I do a factory reset?
Is there a common GPS cache on Android?
Why is my Samsung Galaxy S still on Android 2.2.1?
How can I prevent my phone from vibrating when service is lost or re-acquired?
Can I connect my Android Mini PC to my VGA Monitor through Adapter?
How configure the DHCP settings of WIFI Tethering (Hotspot) on Android?
How to put a ROM on read-only /sdcard, while adb shell not working (HTC One X)
Google Hangouts gives "Can't sign in because we couldn't reach Google. Try again" error
HTC explorer in boot loop after factory reset
Factory reset not working on Galaxy 10.1 tab
"Avoided poor Internet connection" even though signal strength, speed is great
rooting android phone
Eroot World’s Strongest Root Tool: Scam or No Scam - That Is The Question?
Change Mac Address on Nexus 7 running 4.2.2
Linux doesn't recognize Galaxy S 3
Stuck in Boot Loop
how to arrange icons in TSF Shell?
How do I move past the ICS lock screen using a bluetooth keyboard?
What does "Add to Queue" mean in "Play Music"?
Watch video with sub/idx subtitle?
Quick way to go to downloads from Chrome?
Backup Link2sd ext4 partition, resize it and restore
Adjust magnetic auto-lock sensitivity
How to change a pattern unlock from the phone settings without knowing the original
How do I resize the phone's screenshot size without using an image resizer?
Copy contacts from iCloud to Android phone
Ejecting a device connected via Android File Transfer
Improving local wifi speed
How do I hide or disable the Clear Defaults dialog or notification?
Why does Odin say FAIL and how do I fix it?
How to setup ADB for TCP on Galaxy S3 with broken USB port
Do all HTC One X's use the same screen?
Internal memory full even when all apps are linked
Unlock phone with a different button
nexus S with self built Android system is not working
What are apps 10110 & 10109?
How to add new language Unicode range to Android OS
What can cause sudden drop of my battery in Nexus 4?
Mini Calendar Widget not updating to today
Clear cache and data of Download Manager
How to connect an android tablet with a laptop using a USB cable?
Unable to access Google Play
SSH server on Android Emulator
How can I set a custom per-person ringtones, but for texts and not calls?
Turn off the voice notification for emails on GALAXY S4?
Sony Xperia Z stuck in a bootloop
Application trying to access in app billing
Cannot find downloaded files
com.phone.android keeps crashing immediatelly after factory reset
HTC One Main Email doesn't show HTML
Scan a single channel to measure RSSI of a specific AP when not associated
Why is Kivy Launcher giving "your device isn't compatible" with Nook HD+?
Unable to resolve host "get.cm"
How to get the information of users connected to a Wi-Fi hotspot?
speaker option enabled by default when answering the calls
How do I keep given apps always running? Looking for how to relaunch them periodically
PDF Presentation (Beamer LaTeX / Adobe Acrobat Reader) on Android tablet
Micromax A116 ask for 5,13 and 15 digit wi-fi passsword
What is Fast boot in HTC One X?
Will an alternative launcher stop Galaxy S4 additions from working?
can't find setting static IP or Enable android reverse tethering
Switch spell-checker of Chrome to a different language?
Calendar notifications in status bar for RAZR M
How do Android tablets use magnet to auto-lock the device?
Can the PIN-input be modified to not display the last character?
CM10.1 now cannot record any inbound audio on phone calls
How to auto unlock SIM/UICC on trusted devices?
Nexus 4 does not perceive touch in a line
Why doesn't my screen turn off after 30 seconds?
Revert update of Gmail app
Samsung I5700 restarting
Profanity Galaxy S2 Jelly Bean
How can I lockdown an android phone?
Reregister device with Play Store
Can I share some Google stuff without sharing Gmail?
Disable Camera on Android using ADB Shell
Sony Xperia Z won't name contacts on incoming calls
Prevent Samsung S4 Screen From Turning on Every SMS
Sony Ericsson DISCHARGES when plugged in
Email client not talking proper IMAP? Unfriendly to other clients
Android google keyboard won't install
How can I use Tasker to reconnect bluetooth when the connection is lost?
How to root the Motorola Droid Razr?
Remove a word from Stock dictionary
Samsung GT-i9000 not detect USB connectivity in Windows 8
Samsung Galaxy Nexus - Add new contacts from call log screen
"Encryption Failed" on my Samsung Note 2 & it asks me to reset device. Is there a way to back up my data
How can I update the "multiwindow" setting in Tasker?
What does "loudness compensation" in the volume settings mean?
CM10.1, GS II, Mount command for encrypted sdcard0
Why are Android apps getting rid of "Quit" functionality?
Is it safe to keep Android charging through USB all day?
Google Play app doesn't auto-update
Revert an Android phone to vanilla rom from Google
Sync contacts and calendar from Outlook 2010 on my laptop with Android phone, avoid data in cloud?
Seeing links in email before you click them
How can I see what a private number is?
Rooting and flashing the DX2
Stuck with draconian security restrictions after adding and removing corporate e-mail account
What does unlocking the bootloader do?
sd card not mounted after formatting
Japanese keyboard/fonts on Samsung Ace
Best way to get Google contact images from Facebook?
Root Samsung Galaxy S2 with unconventional kernel version
Android device diagnostic application?
Why can't I stop people from inviting me to group chats on kik?
Can't update Cyanogenmod on AT&T Galaxy S III
Graph of Android API distribution over time?
Motorla Defy+ being not possible to root. Script commands throwing errors when rooting android 2.3.6
How to unlock a G1
LiveSuit problems
Why i can install any windows version on my pc but i cannot install any android version on my phone?
Load MP3 files on my Nexus
Galaxy S4 filtering incoming connections
how long can the battery in my new mobile stay idle till first use
How to trace/track my stolen Samsung Galaxy Ace 2
How do I change my email address on Play Store as the one I have is no longer in use
Will my device get locked again after update?
Setting up automatic reboot?
How to view all calls logs for a contact?
How to toggle hangouts
Can I upgrade My Xperia Arc S To Jelly Bean after the rooting
Default contact for a number
Trying to Make WIFI connection on android 4.1 jellybean
Reject calls with WhatsApp message
Is there a way to make a page in the Kindle app less brighter than the options available within the app?
Galaxy S4 GPS Problem "Please enable Google apps location access"
Windows can't identify Samsung captivate glide
How to Install Android OS on mobile
Android Folder Hierarchy
Why is adb backup with system apps unsafe? (Holo backup)
Why does the number of apps "optimized" not reflect removed apps?
How to change calendar settings to month view?
Buttons stop working in landscape mode
Why is EXT3 not supported on Android?
Prestige 7 won't connect to internet
Is there any version of gtalk supporting multiple accounts which works with 2.3/cm7
How can I open an epub+zip file on my S3?
How do I play Flash websites on my Samsung Galaxy S3?
Firefox version 21 installed easily but greasemonkey won't install - error saying not compatible with ver 21
How can I troubleshoot MTP on my Galaxy Nexus
Android shows missed calls even after open
How can I install viber and whatsapp on my Gsm tablet with ics 4.0.1
Does the Galaxy S2 have two mics?
Google Keyboard vs Android Keyboard (AOSP)
How can I view email in conversations view?
How can I increase the number of volume levels?
How to find my stolen galaxy ace duos
Does the play store still show the provider and mobile information, if the google account is removed/changed
Encryption and Screen Lock without SIM card
How safe is the android Lock Screen with password?
google play store says no connection retry
Is there a way to disable the default calendar app on a Samsung Galaxy S4?
Regular voice calls stopped working, was earlier. Maybe Skype related. Android 4.0.3
Small keyboard in landscape
May 2013 Gmail app update: "Reply as" multiple accounts gone? (Android 4.2.2)
Why does my phone get crazy when plugged in to a specific PC?
Installing incompatible ROMS
How do I stop the "which browser" window from popping up every time I try to open a new page in the stock browser?
Automatically wake and sleep device on timer
How to see mobile operator proxy settings
Tablet not connected to N wifi
Making Android phone locked using the SIM card password
Restoring APKs + data from 4.1 to 4.2.2
Samsung Galaxy S not displaying contacts, only unknown is shown
Lock-screen information lost calls etc
Android power Usage - How to monitor
Samsung Galaxy Note II slow startup
How to know my base station?
Problem importing CSV/vCARD contacts to S3
Recover mini paper widget contents after update (2.3.3 to 2.3.4)
Is there a countdown timer app that I can use with the hardware volume buttons?
Can't boot phone or access recovery mode
Possible to connect Android device to Internet with Ethernet
Route Media (Music) to headphones only
HF Connector - Replace parts in a Nexus S
How to move app data to external SD card without root
Google Navigation forgets/ignores "Access to my location" setting - Nexus 4
Voicemail forwarding numbers - Tmo prepaid plan
Samsung Galaxy S3 suddenly crashing everyday
RAZR cuts off call ring after half a second
Is it possible to revert back to Jellybean Stock while keeping ClockworkMod?
How to re-arrange images in gallery after changing the GMT time zone?
How can I record audio running through my S3 speaker on Jellybean?
Enable voice control on Nexus 4
Share a number from call history to calendar
How to remotely log out all web-based Gmail sessions from my Android phone
How do I keep my /system mounted as read+write all the time?
Why Link2SD requires second partition on sdcard for linking?
Does adding a google account to phone increase data charges?
Better unlocking schemes?
Overflow menu icon (three vertical dots) visible in Apps in HTC One X and not in Samsung Galaxy S2
Is it possible to run ADB on multiple devices using Hyper-V?
My phone is rebooting on its own
Full battery completely depleted within a few hours without any user activity -- what to do?
Samsung Galaxy Nexus doesn't detect charger
Is Gmail on Android susceptible to MITM attacks?
Can not write to internal storage on Nexus 4
My phone displays: "Notification has been set" at each boot
How can I display my Android on my PC monitor?
phone makes touch vibration sounds when on facebook
Incoming calls: no caller info when device is locked
Are there any torrent clients allowing you to choose one file from a list?
How do I uninstall a system app with root?
Unable to access internet
Scheduled silent mode on S3
How to back up my current android ID?
Tasker: event works, state enter/exit not - Fixed by reinstall
Nexus 4 encryption
How to remove this sliding app section?
Samsung galaxy note knocking off other computers wifii
My phone keeps re-starting when I plug in charger
Turn off text message (SMS) sync to Exchange email account
How can I look up words in an eBook reader with Google Translate?
Re-route all audio from tablet to PC-Speakers
Is there a way to override notifications that don't let me dismiss them?
Do manufacturers write the drivers for their new Android runned devices?
What is the name of the GUI Android uses/has used?
Vibration for LG Keyboard
Android 4.2 "Partition...has a different major than its disk!" error in logcat
Changing default view mode in Firefox to Desktop
Can't change galaxy s4 lock screen wallpaper if security is in place
Sharing Wishlist on google play store
My tablet won't turn on
MMS and Restricting background data
Get all users by Organization name in People app of HTC One X
Sending email to multiple recipients
My SD card was removed unexpectedly and won't work anywhere no
/sd-ext gets suddenly remounted read only during work
Not able to know to which SIM sms was received
Change Default Save To Directory For Content Downloaded From Apps
Nexus 7 White Vignette
Symbolic link to Dropbox
Cyanogenmod stopped being blue
Remove default action?
Galaxy S I9000 does not boot at all
CM Note 2 Stuck Rebooting After Enabling Simulate External Screen
How to get more screen lock options?
MMS delivery report
Samsung Galaxy S stuck at bootloop
File transfer between Windows 8 and Nexus 7
How to disable weather notifications from Google app?
Can I lock the Nexus 4/7 bootloader after flashing a non-stock ROM?
Dropbox: How do I open a file without extension as a text file?
netcat listening on nexus 4 doesn't seem to respond
removing account with 2 emails
how to turn on/off automatic date/time settings
Does google do anything to stop an app developer from just posting lots of 5 star reviews for themselves?
Android Emulator (API 10) Camera Not Working - ADT Bundle Linux
How to open android backup file (with .backup extension) on PC?
Accessing light sensor raw data
Taking pictures while recording a video
LAN not working properly from one specific device
What are the folders 'burstlyImageCache' and 'burstlyVideoCache' and can I delete them?
Android Mockup Tool that can read/write balsamiq files
Cannot install or move Android Apps to SD Card - is it a flaw from the Android or from the phone manufacturer?
My screen lock problem
Why does Better Battery Stats say my Galaxy S4 is awake 100% of the time?
How enable monetary parental control for Google Play ?
HTC Desire stuck on HBOOT
Recovery mode not working in Samsung Galaxy Fit
How do I run network spoofer on S4?
Why does the default keyboard always change after a phone restart?
received SMS with content "request failed"
Can I delete a file called 'UPDATE' in the dload folder, or will this delete the operating system?
How can I quickly remove all of my data from my device and then get it back again?
Strange Issue(Auto Touch) with Touch on HTC Desire X. Has anyone experienced this?
Wifi hotspot generates new mac address each time
Can I use my Windows anti-virus program to scan my Android device?
My device is grayed out on Google Play website
What does "Voice Command" "Unexpected server error occurred. Please try again." mean?
Anyone ever install a different Android OS on the Nabi 2?
Samsung Galaxy S3 Won't recognize USB
Warning: Camera Failed
How can I update the Linux kernel of my Android device?
How to remove "calendar events" from the lock screen?
Auto-accept incoming bluetooth tether request?
Want to organize apps on nexus 4
How to stop getting internet through the prepaid card and use only my home wifi?
Something wrong with my Samsung Galaxy Tablet 2 7.0 GT-P3100
Reinstall OS on GT-S5830i
Cannot charge battery via usb cable to pc after upgrade firmware and android version to 4.1.2 (Galaxy S2)
How do I install a .apk on my Nexus 7 using the browser?
Can Samsung tell if my galaxy s3 is rooted if the phone doesn't turn on anymore?
How can I access the Gmail contacts on an Android tablet?
Why whatsapp with a specific contact fails to receive messages?
Random share Intent screen
Remove files from phone that won't boot
Check the original carrier of Galaxy S3
Mix two audio files mp3 in Android
Device not booting after factory reset
Specific wifi network suddenly stopped working. Why?
Flaw in `adb shell ime list -a`?
What does "adb shell ime list" commands do?
How can I prevent an app being uninstalled from the Play Store?
/data partition corrupted?
Web Browser roadmap for HTML5 features?
Can I update my Saudi Arabian Samsung Galaxy S2 to the latest Android version over the air in India?
Battery percentage going down while charging!
Seeing the full text of a long notification
Where does Google Play Store put downloaded apps?
The odyssey for CM10, all i get is a bootloop. How can i solve this?
Does turning off the "Show notifications" settings for apps improve battery life?
What exactly is this App Data that is being backed up to Google?
Multiple time zones on Nexus 4 - Android 4.2.2
gsm call from pc via android phone
How can I drag and drop files to Nexus 7 from a Windows PC?
How can i turn off the message received tick
USB host mode not working on Samsung Galaxy S using CyanogenMod
How to optimize my Rooted desire bravo for gaming?
Passwords containing "!" are always wrong
Setting contact picture from linked contact
Nexus 10 cannot sign into Google Accounts
Android OS without Google Services?
How to install android 3.2 on an android TV box?
Can I receive / send SMS of cellphone number with a tablet using a dongle?
Digital magazines on google play/android Market: does it work like Apple newsstand?
Error on Samsung S4: "UNFORTUNATELLY the process . com.google.process.gapps has stopped."
Stock e-mail client (Nexus 4) not synchronizing to IMAP SSL account since 4.2.2 update
How can I enlarge the fonts on Wikipedia in Chrome?
lock screen always toggles between two variants
What is the difference between the Linux Kernel and the Android Kernel?
search somebody from contacts with the numpads
Do applications that remain in Recent Apps list take up resources?
Multi User Backup
Reverse polarity damage
I'm having trouble making a custom ringtone
Do I have any chance to recover this video?
How does the emulator get connected to the internet?
I can't connect my Samsung Galaxy SL GT-I9003 via USB
Where to report a bug in a keyboard app?
"fastboot -l devices" returns nothing
Switch between accounts in Android 4.2
Can't Factory Reset HTC Desire C
Problem restoring my .ab backup file
Why is there Messenger icon in App drawer?
Why the battery drain while plugged in doing nothing? (omap2_mcspi)
Galaxy Nexus 6:30 minutes to copy 128MB over WiFi, is it normal?
