How does Trigun Maximum relate to its predecessors, the Trigun anime and manga?
Can you protect People with the Death Note by writing their name in it?
How much of the manga does the Knights of Sidonia anime cover?
Why do the characters in Akatsuki no Yona have Korean names?
Is it possible for one Master to have multiple Servants?
Was "Death Note" supposed to end at episode 25/chapter 58?
What happens if a person can't die of a heart attack?
Where does "Tagoya" come from?
Is Kayaba's Admin Account a part of The Seed Nexus?
Is there any in-universe reason why the Sailor Senshi aren't affected by the citywide energy drain?
Where does the Heaven's Lost Property anime split from the manga?
Why does damaging something sometimes make it more powerful?
Where can I find mecha schematics?
Was there an animation mistake between 3:17 and 4:19 in the second episode?
What is the chronological order of Higurashi no Naku Koro ni?
What Subject does the Iron Bracelet use?
When is Kirino Kousaka's birthday?
Is there a way to give up ownership of the death note without losing the shingami eyes?
Is Nasu a woman?
List of official anime releases
Did the Shinsekai Yori anime cover all of the material in the light novel?
Who is Julius Kingsley?
What happened to Kaiki in Monogatari Series?
What happened to the Ring of Andvari?
How Can so many weapons from Saito's world exist in Halkeginia?
Does "Moe Moe Kyun" mean anything?
What happened to Sakura?
Where do fans exchange info about anime/manga merchandise for sale?
Job request in Fairy Tail untouched for hundreds of episodes
Is there a reason Yato couldn't summon Nora in the final battle of the first season of Noragami?
Is the manga Emma a retelling of Jane Austen's novel?
How can a Shinigami drop its eyeballs?
What anime or manga is this pink-haired girl in an athletic outfit from?
From what chapter of the Nisekoi manga should I begin reading to pick up where the anime ends?
What could be Hashirama's age when they formed village?
Who is Ruby Rose's father?
Learning instant transmission
How/when did Van Hohenheim change his name?
Why did Vali join the Chaos Brigade?
Is there any meaning behind Kirino's octopus plushie?
What anime is this white angel costume from?
Where can I find a wig for Clannad?
Are all Norma female (as of episode 04)?
Why do some English Dubs leave untranslated Japanese Text?
What's the fate of the tailed beasts and Sasuke after chapter 698?
Does Sailor Moon Crystal contain the Black Moon arc of the manga (Pluto and Chibiusa)?
Who tried to sue the author of Hayate no Gotoku, and when?
When did Koko's mirror end up in Banri's stuff?
What really happened in the bridge sequence in the final episode of Golden Time?
How many different mental states of Banri are there in Golden Time?
An old anime with a scene of a young man struggling to reach the top of a glass staircase
What does "Elohim, Essaim... Elohim, Essaim I implore you" mean?
What is the name of the background music that plays before Kaori and Kousei's performance?
An anime film set in post-apocalyptic world where it looked like machines were killing humans
What is the software to create this type of anime?
An anime about two demons being teleported from medieval time to future
Why Mayumi wears a sailor uniform, different than the other girls, if they are in the same class for such a long time?
Anime movie about a guy going to hell and being reborn as a boy in middle/highschool
What is the title of this song on the Pupa OST?
What is Arisa's status at the end of Guilty Crown?
Why is Kazami Yuuji nicknamed "Juicy Yuuji"?
Will the Japanese version RWBY remake the animation or just be changing the voice actors and actresses?
Why did Guru come back to life?
Why did Kirito toss the sword away in episode 17 of the second season?
What's the tune that Noel is humming in Sora no Method?
Which promised girl is Raku referring to?
What's the story behind Erik Dommel's kid?
At the end of the Shaman Warrior manhwa, do Yaki and Horrakan die?
What happens when a Contractor fails to pay their remuneration?
Which came first, The Blitzball Sign for Victory or the Yevon Prayer?
Why does Minori have a flower on her head?
Do the Madoka OST CDs have sensible musical notation printed on them?
Manga about a student having nightmares
Did Kakeru stay, leave to travel abroad, or is there really no closure by design, at the end of Glasslip?
What are the words and meaning that compose the title of Glasslip?
Is Genshiken Second Generation a remake?
How much of an influence/reference/relation Love Hina and Shakespeare was to Nisekoi?
Manga where a boy plays a virtual reality game and gets a dragon thats terrible but turns out to be good
When would Sakamichi no Apollon have taken place?
What killed Broly for good?
Is there a way to kill Shinigamis with a death note?
What are all the marriages and child relationships following the final chapter?
Why did Kishi draw the One Piece symbol in the last page of the last chapter of Naruto?
Why Did Anko get so fat?
What does the emblem on Bolt's jacket mean?
Why is Kitamura called "Maruo" by Kihara?
What is the estimated age of Naruto when he became Hokage?
Why does the Aburame clan cover their eyes?
Who is the silver-haired girl from this picture?
What is Himeka Akishino's relation to Eita in Oreshura?
Is there any other studio that is known for a quirk like how Shaft has its famous head tilt?
Whats the name of this horror anime
Did Kakashi eventually surpass Itachi, Jiraiya, Tsunade, and Orochimaru?
Did Hitoshi (alien-san) gain the ability to feel emotions at the end of the Kashimashi OVA?
How is Walpurgisnacht's appearance predicted?
Why do most anime have field trips to Kyoto?
What does Hana's middle initial stand for?
Who were the people in Asuna's flashback in episode 18?
What happened to Captain Yamato by the end of Naruto story?
What happens to the beast knights' animals after the ring holder dies?
Is the birthday of Fuuka Akitsuki known?
Shisei's double irises
What kinds of companies/businesses do Suzuka's and Arisa's parents own?
What/Where is The Morgue?
How does Hisoka see Gon exactly? As a rival or as a toy to entertain himself?
How Genjutsu works?
Why was Hideaki Anno picked to voice Jirou in The Wind Rises?
How does one become a Jounin?
What was it that Yevon did to the Al Bhed?
What is being said during the Siege on Home?
What do Belken Devices say for "load cartridge"?
Is Panzerfahren only for girls?
Why doesn't Korra bend the metal on Kuvira's uniform?
What is the power of Rinnegan?
How much of the Yumekui Merry manga was adapted into the anime?
What is Patti's nickname?
Anime with kawaii cat girl being patted
Help me remember this movie that isn't Spirited Away
What happens when a human saves another one with a death note?
Should the name of the main character in "Fate Kaleid Liner" be "Illya" or "Ilya"?
What was Sora Iro no Tane advertising?
Why are the majority of characters named after car manufacturers?
Why does Rudeus keep using Zariff’s Arm?
What's the name of Kuchiki Rukia's real parents?
What is the meaning of the Yellow balls in the second episode of Denki-Gai?
Who's the artist of the Oreimo's Suki Nandamon original edition theme song?
What happens to the lifespan not collected by Shinigami?
What does "shirobako" mean in terms of the anime?
What is Idepon in Shirobako a reference to?
Need help identifying this manga- large guy helps out schoolgirl
Is there a huge difference in the amount of male vs. female protagonists in anime and manga?
Anime set in the future where naturally born and artifically created humans coexist
What happened between Kaoru-tan's father and Hajime-kun?
What is the meaning of the title?
What happened to Mouri in episode 219?
Excalibur and Calibur in fate stay night, which one is King Arthur using in history?
Does the Toradora Anime end at the same point as the Manga/Light Novel?
Why did Heiji's mom have to lie to Mouri and Conan in episode 220?
What is the meaning of the title Trinity Seven?
Which Akame ga KILL! manga should I read if I want to continue the storyline of the anime?
About the artworks used in the Elfen Lied opening scenes (contains nudity)
Was Chiisana Obake Acchi, Kocchi, Socchi ever released in English?
Why is the anime of Akame ga Kill so different from the manga?
Is there any reference which confirms that Meruem is much more powerful than Hisoka?
Why do anime (in general) have so much time in between seasons?
Why is Moral holding a golden gun in Episode 7?
Is there a uncensored version of Tokyo Ghoul?
Why did they censor the word spam?
Did Galileo recover from her eye injury?
Does Izumi Shinichi's parasite suffer from a lack of power because of his injury?
What happen to Orochimaru and his team after the war ended?
What part of manga is this on Dragonball? (NSFW)
What is the Pair ingredient in Toriko?
Why is Parasyte spelled with a y in the title?
How well did Vampire Knight sell?
Do Spell Ranks have any numerical equivalent?
What is this manga with Naruto, Luffy, Goku and Ichigo as characters?
What did the Sailor Moon reference mean?
Anyone know what series this image belongs to?
What would have happened if Esdeath hadn't drunk all the demon extract?
What fruit did they use to bath?
What is the name of a Cartoon Network anime whose second season plot was based on time travel?
What is the reference in the scene where the husband says "I don't mind at all"?
Where did Madara got his left eye after giving both of his real eyes to Nagato?
What dictates who can use what magic in Fairy Tail?
Where is this Shingeki no Kyojin light novel in the series' timeline?
Can anyone tell me where this is from or if it is just art?
Is there more than 1 type of light novel in the Spice and Wolf series?
Why do almost all anime series have a "going to the beach" episode?
Is Rui a boy or girl?
Why did Aoi-sensei expect Shouko to leave with Nami?
Which came first, the LRIG or the Selector?
Did Shouko retain The Sword in the Grand Route?
What is the relation between the Girls und Panzer manga and anime series?
When is the track "No differences" played?
Does an Oedipus the King manga actually exist?
Do I need a license to make a non-profit anime streaming site?
Why would 《 and 》 be used in a translation?
What is Chihiro's father eating?
Why does Shichika allow Princess Hitei to travel with him?
What episode do Gintoki and Hijikata fight in a roof?
How does Obito have two Sharingans if Madara took one?
Why doesn't Donflamingo control Luffy?
Why did Kaoru's hair color change?
Detailed explanation of CLAMP character relations?
How long was Saber waiting for Shirou after she died?
How is Uub related to Maitibu?
What is the difference between Lost Technica 《秘奥義【ロスト・テクニカ】》 and Last Crest 《魔道極法【ラスト・クレスト】》?
Divergence numbers in logo: Steins;Gate easter egg?
What sickness did the alliance chief have?
Which background song is playing in episode 65 of Hajime no Ippo?
When was the 23 day rule in Death Note revealed?
What, exactly, happened to Gamagoori/Jakuzure/Inumuta's uniforms during episode 19?
What is the title of the song played in Sekaiichi Hatsukoi 2, episode 2?
Who are the three Homunculi that are with Irisviel and Saber?
What happened to Berg Katze?
What happened to OD?
Who is this character being cosplayed in Japan Expo 2014?
A manhwa (or manga) where the main antagonist is the protagonist's future self
Who invented the Rasengan: Jiraiya or Minato?
What are the paintings in the Anti-Angel Headquarters and what do they mean?
Why did Nibutani Shinka changed her hair color?
Do people die if they are killed?
Why are titans killing humans?
Piece of clothing Kakashi wears under his grey Anbu flack jacket
Where does Little Red Riding Hood appear?
Is Takanashi Touka a chuunibyou?
Is there any humor or meaning to the conversation about Yuri's dream and how many Hinatas there were?
Law vs Breed: why didn't Law use room to remove collars?
What does the pink note left by Taiga say?
Wouldn't Aether make humans sterile too?
What is intended by a spiral on a character's finger and what is the origin of this trope?
Where can I find a list of recipes (and their directions) that were used in Shokugeki no Soma?
Is Lelouch's Geass limited in what it can tell people to do?
Why is the childhood friend trope commonly seen in anime?
Do manga publishers accept mangas from multiple artists under one pen-name?
What song plays in episode 1 of One Piece when Luffy punches Alvida?
Was Satou lying when he said that beheading robs an Ajin of his memories?
Are Uchihas affected by Infinite Tsukuyomi?
What was the name again of Kageyama's Senpai?
Where did the Haganai and Oreimo cameo appear?
After Orochimaru revives the 4 kage how does Minato know how to use Kurama chakra mode?
Who killed Alice?
Are the garbled up text in Log Horizon Season 2 Episode 9 meaningful or simply garbage?
If Mayu had no contact with the outside world, how did she contact people in the outside world?
Any credible news source of a Season 3 for Highschool DxD
Why can't Nagato revert his Rinnegan to Sharingan?
Why doesn't the Byakugan have a second stage?
What timeslips did Aoshima screw up to cause that snowball effect on later TSs?
Is Naruto related to Hashirama Senju?
Can Tatsuya use Material Burst in the tactical/strategic scale without the Third Eye CAD?
What is the size of the crater left by the explosion in episode 26?
Definition of a reverse trap
Which characters are featured in the Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood eyecatches?
What is the reference in the scene where the husband jokes about naming children?
Is there a name to the art style used in No Game No Life?
What's so special about Prince Shotoku?
Why does Wrath want Ed's limbs?
Where can I find Slam Dunk English dubbed episodes legally?
Is there some source as to what Taiga did during the skipped year in the last episode of Toradora?
What is the target demographic of Yuki Yuna is a Hero?
Is there a (relatively) clear consensus for Hange Zoe's gender?
Why don't they just upload her brain to the internet?
How did Saber become more linked to lions than dragons?
What is canon in terms of Kotone's fate?
What happened to Rin's Mana Compass?
How did Caster find Saber?
Why is Rider wearing Pants?
What spelling is Caster using to refer to Joan?
What is this Geis from?
Does Sidonia no Kishi's 256 frame formation have scientific advantages?
Are there any prominent non-fan dubs of "A Cruel Angel's Thesis" in other languages?
Why was the framerate so low in the first episode of Sidonia?
What does it mean for animation to be done "on ones" or "on twos"?
Looking for a horror manga I read some years ago
Why wasn't Hunter x Hunter chapter 350 released yet?
What are the differences between the original Kaito Kid specials vs. the new Kaito Kid 1412 series?
What happened to Rukia?
Was Lilium written or composed solely for Elfen Lied?
Can a Kage Bunshin make another Kage Bunshin?
In which episode do they say, that from the outside the Straw Hats don't look like a team?
Why didn't Krillin and Gohan store the Dragon balls in a capsule?
An anime about human protagonists travelling with monsters, among them are a blue wolf, and a big eye on a leg monster
Is it possible to cultivate Sharingans?
What is the music playing in the background of the fight scene in episode 7?
What does the seal on Meliodas's forehead mean? How did he get this seal?
Why did Cartoon Network never air the last four episodes of Zoids: Chaotic Century?
How strong is Owner Zeff?
How does this calendar thing even work?
People should be wary of those who quote which author?
While serving Hartgen, was Gillete brainwashed by magic or chemicals, or he was just in shock from the near death?
What was the butcher's bill in the aftermath of the 1998 3-3 class' calamity?
How/when was Aladdin captured?
Debut Episodes of Rival Characters in Detective Conan (Case Closed)?
What is the meaning of the cake song?
What is the current serialization status of D.Gray-Man?
A romance anime where the girl eats a lot of food in order not to stand out
Need help identifying school anime with short, blonde female character
Who was Obito going to revive?
Can a Genjutsu awaken Mangekyou Sharingan?
What is the range of Amaterasu?
Is intentionally producing a lower quality TV release unique to anime?
Is there a reason for the sudden change in style in episode 11?
Why can't Roy Mustang bring his eyes back using his gate?
Song identification from an old anime
Who is this person with four eyes in OP song?
What kind of sword did Assassin use?
What is Cyua singing at the beginning of "AL℃-@"?
What is this bubble thing next to Marco's face?
At what point does the 2003 series and Manga/Brotherhood series start to diverge?
Name of anime where the winner of a competition would inherit the forest
Why is Kyoko not present in Madoka Magica's official artwork?
Why are they trying to pass out Sugar instead of beating her into a pulp?
What exactly was Tatsuya afraid that Mizuki could discover with her sensitive eyes?
Why is it that almost every anime I watch is about School kids?
Is Platy really a Platypus?
How come Mokarin's mom is so good with guns?
What is the gender of Armin in Shingeki no Kyojin?
Anime about a reunited friends who turn out to be each other's fiancee
Why do Androids in Dragon Ball Z sometimes use cars?
What are OVAs and how are they different from Specials?
What anime is this grey-haired character from?
Why can Naruto still use Rasenshuriken?
What are the differences between the Akame Ga Kill! manga and anime?
What does Ikumi mean by "Sand that looks like it's from Koshien"?
Why is Akame the center of attention?
In Terra Formars, why did the German squad have few combat ready crew members?
Where is the divergence in Fate/Apocrypha?
What type of Logia can defeat a Haki user?
What is this monster collection anime with a kid that has a hammer-like weapon?
Looking for old anime with twin brothers fighting their evil wizard father
Why is "Taisha" written as "general pardon"?
When does Brotherhood and the 2003 series split?
Looking for anime a sword, an axe and a bow activating robots
Anime series about a main character gaining power from blue blob on his arm
I can't remember the title of this manga. I read only the first chapter
Manga/Anime of two female secret/military agents featuring countless upskirt moments
Why didn't Akame die when she cut herself with Murasame?
Why was the Fifth Holy Grail War so early?
What is the music playing in the background of the sad scene in episode 9?
Why was Sakurai Takahiro recast in Psycho-Pass 2?
How many demon forms does Mirajane have?
Why isn't Blackbeard dead?
Why couldn't Puck land on Earth in his Kill-T-Gang form?
How does Sara become a child in Mermaid Melody?
Did Sakura surpass Tsunade?
Song identification request, likely from Touhou
Does the Akame Ga Kill! manga continue where the anime leaves off?
In which episode of the anime did Aokiji (Kuzan) and Akaino (Sakazuki) fight?
Why does Boa Hancock hate men?
Is Tale of Fairy Ice Trail Considered Canon?
What is the relationship between Daedalus and Tomoki?
Is someone who wrote his name in the Death Note allowed to make the eye deal?
Who is the seventh Shichibukai?
What Geass was Anya still afflicted by?
What is this scene, where Akamatsu tells about his secret hiding place, a reference to?
Who's Brook supposed to be in this image?
What is the relationship between Natsu and E.N.D?
In the manga Black god, do Kuro and Keita fall in love?
Why does Orochimaru helps Sasuke in the midst of war?
What are the names of these Characters?
Who applies censorship on an ecchi anime?
Is there a 2nd season for Angel Beats?
What exactly was the "lie" in April?
What factor led Zoro to accept Luffy as Captain?
How did Ki-ja the Hakuryuu (the White Dragon) get this scar?
Why does Kaido want to kill Whitebeard?
Why did Rem die in The Last Name?
Could Dita really shut down Chi with her Trans mode active?
Why did the Hunter x Hunter anime stop in episode 148?
Who's the character in the middle of this WIXOSS cast picture?
Are the Heartseed entities some kind of plant?
Before the war, how many races were there?
What is the structure of Umanohone?
What is the "-shi" ending's meaning?
Has Riiya or Shiine ever performed a Magical Boy Transformation?
How old were Ed and Al when they performed the human transmutation?
What reference is this scene involving riding a bicycle to watch the sunrise making?
What's the anime where people kill monsters?
What's the name of this movie with a sandman?
What is the name of One Piece background music in episode 296 during the scene Zoro decides to use Usopp as a sword?
What happens to the drones at the end of episode 6?
Why did Tobirama create Edo Tensei?
Why did Naru not want Lin to know he bent a spoon?
Who was it that Sora fought in Hallow Bastion?
In terms of sales, how popular was Sword Art Online II?
Why can’t Madara use Amaterasu or Kamui?
What song is this on the Code Geass soundtrack?
What is the most likely real world location for the Mihama Academy if it really existed?
Has there been a anime that used its OP as ED and/or vice versa?
Besides instant brain destruction, what would it take to kill Tatsuya?
How exactly were Ryuji and Taiga planning to elope after his 18th birthday, given the Japanese marriage law?
How could the four Hokage be reanimated by Orochimaru?
Why did Mikako send Ikaros from the sky?
Is Law's Devil Fruit immune against Haki?
What anime, fanart, or random art is this girl with a gun from?
What does Tomoko mean by "Is he Kenshi***?"
Is this the correct translation of what Tomoko is saying?
How come the events of Rebellion are possible, with Madoka's wish?
What is Takasu Yasuko's profession?
Why did Scar only attack the State Alchemists?
Brain flour and fairies
Is Santa Company available to non-backers?
Is the golden armor (Garo) the only one that must be passed from ancestor to descendant?
What changes were made to Shirobako episode 6?
What exactly is a dango?
What are the real names of the members of Organisation XIII?
Questions about the Korean dubbed Aria series and OPs
Does the Rinnegan have different abilities depending on the user?
What's the reason why "Shokugeki no Souma" has so many color chapters recently?
Long shot: ID an Anime Series
Why was Yamakan replaced by Takemoto as director of Lucky Star?
An animated movie set in a post-apocalyptic future where the main girl has to collect a last spirit
Who is the person called "professor" that is kept in the basement under Ichigaya?
What is the title of the song that plays during the next episode(18) previews of Parasyte -the maxim-?
Check and circle marks in test papers
Was Mephisto aware that Yukio had Satan's blood in him after all?
What are the effects of forging a contract with a dragoon?
What is this "Company" Kazami Yuuji works for anyway?
An anime with a scene where the protagonist fights against biological dolls
If heroes cannot die because of the fairies' protection, how did Minowa Gin die?
What kind of Girls does Naotsugu like?
Ai Tenchi Muyo! episode 59 ending song
Are Servants also given knowledge of future heroes?
Which Master was spying on Rin?
How is Sakura's and Shinji's relationship different in Realta Nua?
Who is this third character and what is her connection?
What are the real life counterparts of the anime studios mentioned in episode 12 of Shirobako?
Why does Father (the Dwarf in the Flask) want to be a perfect being?
What is the correct watching order of Fullmetal Alchemist?
Why is the title spelled as Terra Formars?
How different are the anime and manga versions of Nichijou?
What does "I will be back" mean in Shingeki no Bahamut?
Why do guys in anime often lack nipples?
Can a person who influences others lives be killed by a Death Note?
What happened to Juuzawa Juu at the end?
An anime where the main character lives with a bunch of "outcasts" and has to take care of a girl without any social skills
What is the name of the manga in the bottom right of this picture?
What was the first anime that used a split-cour format?
Movie about an old woman telling her life story to a film crew
Could Kana really tell Shinichi's Migi apart from the other Parasytes, or was she just delusional?
What is the relation between the female protagonists of these two manga series?
Where did Danzo get his first Sharingan?
Do the trapped souls in the Reaper/Shinigami suffer?
What is Sakura's Chakra Element?
How does Ymir turn back into her human form?
Romance manga about a group of legendary children
Where can I find the Sunday Without God light novels in English?
What happened to Goku's "Dragon Balls"?
What is the name and where can I find the manga of Ore-sama Kingdom?
What is the meaning behind Tsukihi's pose 17 minutes into in episode 1 of Tsukimonogatari?
Why didn't Annie kill Armin during the 57th Expedition Beyond the Walls?
Why did the Black Butler anime diverge from the manga?
What are the reasons for producing short-form anime?
Who are all the girls fawning over Araragi?
What dance is Araragi dancing?
What is Ougi reading on her phone when she meets Araragi at the steps to the shrine?
How did the Sunday Without God light novels end?
Why do the Gold and Silver Brothers in Naruto Shippuden have whisker marks?
Where were we first given the Angels' names?
Why did they air all four Tsukimonogatari episodes in one day?
How long can you manipulate a person with a Death Note?
Why do lots of anime titles have ☆ in them?
What are the translation of these two tanzaku in Date A Live II OVA?
What's this picture of a smiling character with blue eyes and light hair from?
In terms of Comiket-related metrics, what are the most popular franchises of all time? (Touhou and...?)
Can Shiki kill servants?
Why is Tomoko actions on her computer so exaggerated?
Which chapters are left out during in the anime of Attack on Titan?
What does the dialog related to Nanami's quote in the last episode of Bokura Ga Ita mean?
How can a clock stop working at 99 o'clock?
Smoking in Cowboy Bebop...
What made Samehada team up with Bee?
Movie identification: post-apocalyptic setting featuring a genetically engineered forest
What's with the taped over speech-bubbles in the preview?
Why does a stranger lend Akira pants?
What substance Tachikawa Yuko used on the Shimada Hideo's parasyte in the art club?
Do normal titans have humans in them as well?
Are titan's other weakness the underground?
Why didn't the Titans wipe out humanity yet?
Why are there different classes of titans?
Can a Demon Weapon also be a Weapon Meister?
What is this Ghost Infiltration Key?
Why have they been delaying Kizumonogatari for so long?
Is there a way for Naruto to get the Rinnegan?
Why is Hashirama hailed as the most powerful shinobi of all time?
Does Shirou ever learn about Illyasviel being Kiritsugu's daughter?
Why did Tokyo Ghoul √A completely deviate from the manga?
Are manga artists really pressured by the editors not to put dangerous or illegal scenes in their works?
What's the significance of ice pop lottery?
How to start the Berserk manga, should I bother with chapters 000a and 000b?
Meaning of telegraph code in the song planetes
How old was Nanana at the time of her murder?
What is the name of the theme song at the end of episode 12 of Tokyo Ghoul?
What plant does Noel use as an umbrella/parasol?
How does Lelouch manage to contain his Geass?
A manga about a boy carrying a large sword which can be powered up by inserting beads in it
Why couldn't Otonashi of Angel Beats pass on?
A jutsu without weakness?
Why was Kid sailing in Thriller Bark?
Which manga is this smiling man from?
How much English is spoken at Japan Expo (Paris)
What did Kiritsugu do when he left Fuyuki?
Why does Satsuki address everyone using "kisama"?
Could FP-shell kill Ergo Proxy?
What is spinning a girl in yukata like a top a reference to?
Why can't Sasuke use Tsukuyomi even after implanting Itachi's eyes?
How did the Dragon King's Eye ended up inside Nanami?
How can a death note shorten the lifespan of others?
How do they decide if a tank is eliminated or not?
A manga where the protagonist's power comes from a "mole" on his face
Can Crunchyroll's translations (subtitles, dubs, manga) be considered official translations?
Is this fluffy thing a rabbit?
How old was Hinata when she had her children?
Why no one else used Conqueror's Haki?
Who are these bunny girls from Gurren Lagann referencing?
Need to find anime with a half-demon protagonist and his demon-killing gang
Do we know which side is heaven/hell?
What is the meaning of the animal "models" of the Cursed Girls?
Why are wash pans dropped on a character's head?
What does Touma say to the "Replica" Sorcerer with the Obsidian Blade?
Melody from an anime I can't remember
What's the meaning of the title "B Gata H Kei"?
An anime about toy dolls which can be controlled when the player wears a headset
In Saekano episode 0, what is the context of this censored word?
Why does Okita Souji did not appear?
Why do anime end with spoilers?
An old anime/cartoon set in prehistoric time where the main character dresses like Tarzan and lives in a jungle
Remembering Anime/cartoon from around 10 years ago
How many volumes of the light novels did Durarara season 1 cover?
Why didn't Minato's shroud change when he used Tailed Beast Mode?
What happened to Naruto's Six Paths Sage Mode?
Was there a time skip on episode 2 of Tokyo Ghoul Season 2?
Where was Araragi when he helped Tsubasa Tiger?
Parasyte anime 20 years after the manga finished - Why?
Who are the twins in Episode 1 of Durarara!!x2 Shou?
A manga about a girl helping demons but can't touch anyone because of it?
How did Sasuke identify that Deidara's "art" uses Earth Style just by looking at his hand seals?
What exactly is the relationship between Araragi and Shinobu?
Is the Kamui dimension infinite?
How was Zetsu able to identify the Asura and Indra transmigrants over the years?
What is the context of this Hunter x Hunter reference in Inou Battle manga chapter 2?
Who is the guy on the left in this collage poster? And which anime is he from?
What is the context of this reference to Chrollo Lucilfer in Inou Battle manga chapter 1?
Is it possible to get the Rinnegan by injecting Senju and Uchiha DNA into yourself?
Did Weed from Legendary Moonlight Sculptor ever meet Prina's friend from planting in Valley of Death quest?
Is this an animation error, or just bizarre character design?
Who is this Aogiri member (a girl on redhood) in the anime adaptation?
Why does Sasuke still have the Rinnegan?
Ending of The Adventures of Hutch the Honeybee
Can someone explain the story of Space Battleship Yamato 2199?
Who are all the characters Tomoko imagines?
Is Hidan still alive?
Manga about 3 school friends who have to play games to survive
Where is Aizen after the Quincies wreak havoc in Seireitei?
What is this anime where the girl wears a ribbon wrapping her hair like double helix and wears black dress?
What hints were shown during the series to who was the extra person in the classroom?
Is an uncensored release of "Dakara, Boku wa H! ga Dekinai" released yet
Who are the ninjas Team 7 is fighting with in Naruto Shippuden Ending 32?
Which episode of Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood had a lot of transitions with a black screen and white text?
Why do many visual novels contain erotic content?
How did Geass come into existence?
Is the extra person always someone related to class 3-3?
How many light novel volumes are covered in the "Papa no Iukoto wo Kikinasai!" anime?
An anime where the male protagonist has to wear cat ears
An old anime (1998-2007) about a guy living with a couple of girls under the same roof
Where does all the chakra of Edo Tensei shinobi come from?
What is the difference between "arc", "hen" and "season" when categorizing anime series sub-stories?
What does Kurome say in AkaKill Theater Ep. 22?
What does 'Akame ga Kill' mean and why is it called that?
What is the difference between Sasori's Puppets and Edo Tensei?
What is the reference Kanbara made in episode 4 of Kyoukai no Kanata: Mini Theater special?
What is the symbolism behind depicting Kaga Ryosuke as a centaur when he uses his invisible dictionary?
A shoujo manga about a girl who cuts a guy's hair in the middle of class and later fixes it
How was the next leader of the Uchiha clan chosen?
Why wasn't Najenda's background story shown in the anime?
Are all the Initiators/Cursed Children 10 years old? Were there none born after that?
What is Tsunade's chakra element?
In Episode 9 of Steins;Gate, why did Feris's message affect the past?
Was the names of the hot springs in ep8 of Gugure! Kokkuri-san a joke/reference to another anime?
Is there any connection between Otonashi and the first NPC?
Lelouch - Geass in both eyes
Why did Suzaku change sides?
Why is harem a common theme in manga/anime?
Is Emilia stronger than the Four Generals?
Why did Bleach anime stop airing? And did Bleach manga also end its serialization?
Why did Haku sacrifice himself for Zabuza?
How popular is the light novel of Mahouka Rettousei Koukou in Japan?
Why didn't Tobi use Kamui when Minato used Rasengan?
Anime with guys battling each other using small cars with weapons
Why is Aomine so dark-skinned?
How do mangaka draw the white lines in a black and white manga?
Why did Lupin the Third change its target audience in recent years?
Psycho Pass Episode / Special Order
Where do the angels come from?
What was the first Hentai ever made?
What was Tohsaka doing watching the dojo lately?
Is Genta also immortal?
Why did Saber reveal to Shirou and Rin that she has participated in the previous war?
A manga with a scene of a group entering a city and learning that they have to pay 10 silver to leave
What is this manga of a girl running a boarding house for aliens?
Anime I watched as a kid on VHS where a girl draws a star to beat a computer virus-like enemy
Was there ever a reason for why becoming a super saiyan became easy for the trunks and goten?
What happened to Sophie's curse?
What is the true name for Kyubey?
How does one become a vampire in the universe of Diabolik Lovers?
Anime identification request about guy with invisible pills (hentai)
Looking for a manga about a guy who gets different girlfriends as a result of time travel
Where does the Devil Fruit come from?
When does this image of Shinji Ikari sitting in a folding chair appear?
How do 3D objects coincide with traditional 2D animation?
What is the meaning/purpose of the (not) in the titles of Rebuild of Evangelion?
A shoujo anime about a girl who exorcise demons with the help of 3 guys
When did Naruto learn how to generate a Rasengan unassisted?
Why is it that the majority of Gardes pilots are females?
What's the difference between Toshiro and Ichigo's Zanpakuto lore?
What is Mikage's status (in the spirit/god world) after he passes the Tochigami Crest to Nanami? Is he still a god?
What happened to the manga "Me and the Devil Blues"?
Is there a mini series that tells Ryoma's experience in the U.S. Open (Prince of Tennis)?
What manga is this picture of a melting boy from?
Why did Kurama keep helping Naruto?
Manga about a survival game where people in the game make friends with outsiders using cell phones
How does Haki work?
What was the purpose of sending the parasites to Earth?
Does Shiba Tatsuya have two Magic Calculation Areas?
Was it already revealed in the manga who will be the wives of Naruto and Sasuke?
A romance manga about a girl going deaf in her right ear
Trying to recall an anime name
Which chapter in the Bleach manga corresponds to the last episode in the anime?
How did Jiraiya find out Tsunade's breast size?
What is the name of this manga involving spirits?
Looking for a particular Gintama episode number
How is the Shadow Clone technique different from other cloning techniques?
Why does Midousuji always say "Gross!"?
What is BBT event?
What is Akito's Geass?
Why are some anime and manga unlicensed?
How did Flamingo get the Mera Mera no mi?
What technique did Lord Mu use to escape Gaara's sealing sand in the Fourth Shinobi War?
Why are the main characters of Amagi Brilliant Park named after singers?
What is the Capture Level of Hungri-la Bird?
Can someone identify this girl in Nurarihyon no Mago?
Which of Usopp's lies have not come true?
An anime about a bullied girl who gets help from a "god"?
Difference between a code and geass?
Why do some works [anime, manga, novels] have a trailing dot?
Can I get some help identifying this figurine of a blonde swordswoman wearing a highleg?
What does the term "Kage" in "Kage Bunshin no Jutsu" actually refer to?
Where did the Western names in Code Geass come from?
An obscure movie featuring a mysterious amphibious monster
What do we know about Yune's father?
Why doesn't Naruto possess any of his clan's specific jutsu?
Why did Deidara want to kill Orochimaru?
Why did Rem kill L?
Are these Hebrew inscriptions actually "correct"?
What's the music played during the final battle of Tokyo Ghoul √A episode 4?
Do seniority relations among the fleet girls have any basis in properties of the actual ships?
Are the clothing/modesty standards in the world of Mahouka Koukou stricter?
Why would VAs that have many memorable lead roles take lesser roles?
Why is a fleet of two aircraft carriers, two torpedo cruisers, one battleship and one destroyer an impossible fleet?
Was Sekai in School Days anime really pregnant?
Why did Akihiko Kayaba make death permanent in Sword Art Online?
What anime is this where everyone has a virtual world from glasses?
Did Tsunade's abilities come from the fact that she was descendant of Senju and Uzumaki?
Why does Kasumigaoka call Tomoya "Mr. Ethical"?
Why didn't Dabura attempt to turn Buu to stone?
Looking for a manga with a girl that can see people's thoughts
In the final phase of the Hunter Exam, why does Killua act the way he does?
Who is being parodied by Onizuka?
What's the name of the music in One Piece filler episode 406?
Why don't Asuka and Mari wear headsets?
In which episode did some boys destroy all of their village's toys?
An anime where a boy, who can eject fire from his finger, saves a girl from black-suited men
What does Oreki Houtarou want to do with his life?
What does Ni no Kuni mean exactly?
"I want to forget the little nuts"
Looking for the name of an anime about a guy who leaves his village with 2 friends
What manga chapters does the Akagi anime adapt?
I'm looking for a manga about a girl who can smell when people are sexually aroused
What is this anime about a gloomy girl with black hair liking a popular boy at her school?
Who is Acnologia?
Who is the character sporting a mohican whom Onizuka is parodying?
Is it possible for Lucy to meet Aquarius again, or did she die/get sacrificed?
What is this song playing in episode 5?
Is there a season 2 in Kamisama Hajimemashita?
Performers of classical music in Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso
What would happen if the NerveGear was yanked from someone's head?
How do I watch canon Kenshin content?
Did Kirito lie about being the *best* beta tester?
Kneeling and Rock Throwing in Terra Formars
Where can I purchase anime soundtracks for download?
Why doesn't Hare fix Ayase's legs with her Bandage void?
Can a person die before their lifespan ends?
What is Saika constantly posting on the Message Board?
What happens when an evil con-hollow dies?
How would you write Light Yagami's name in the Death Note?
What is this sheet Toshinou Kyouko is using?
Why do the Human-looking Youkai obscure their eyes?
Who killed Z sensei's family?
Michiru is a fake blonde, ok. But what about Sachi and Amane's hair colors?
Is Zangetsu restored after Ichigo gets his powers back?
What's the name of this romance/ecchi manga about a girl who becomes the landlord of a boy's house?
Please help me identify my childhood manga about a boy fighting in a tournament
What is Kasuga reading from in chapter 34?
Whereabouts of Senju clan
Help identifying a manga about a small girl with telekenetic powers
How did Shinobu know where Araragi is when he was attacked by Tsubasa?
Are Watari and Kaori a couple by the time she is hospitalized after missing the gala violin concert?
Why didn't the Eight Tails' horns grow back?
Why do animes have this "milky"-like texture?
What is this bluish "9" thing and why is it embedded in Juna's and Susano-Oh's forehead?
What is Sakamoto doing holding those rods?
Is it possible for a genin to become a jonin?
How was San-Juan Wolf put in the Impel Down?
Why does the Teiko basketball club have over 100 members?
At what age did Kakashi Hatake become a Jounin?
What happened to Yin' spectre by the end of episode 14 of Darker than Black?
What powers did Gol D. Roger possess?
A Japanese manga about a magical door, a girl, and her father?
Is the identity of Rin's father confirmed?
What is Kirito's relationship with the girls of SAO?
A manga about a high school boy who learned boxing from book and later started fighting gangs
Why does Aikuro Mikisugi request everyone to use the DTR acronym?
What was L's real name?
Manga about teenagers making a suicide pact online
What is the name of the soundtrack playing in One Piece episode 527 when Sanji cries on Fishman Island?
What order should I watch Love, Chunibyo & Other Delusions in?
Do Zoro, Nami and Robin suffer from bad eyesight?
Why is the "drinking milk" trope so prevalent in anime?
Why did Major Kusanagi wear a particular extreme outfit on episode 14?
What official statements have Seo Kouji's studio made regarding Akitsuki Fuuka's fate, and what were the repercussions of said statements?
Why is incest such a prevalent theme in manga and anime?
Why didn't Kenshin use a bokutou?
What is the name of this manga with the survivors of an epidemic gaining super powers?
Who is the general depicted in the ending of Oda Nobuna no Yabou?
Where is the next chapter in this manga?
What would the list of manga genres in Japan be, based on bookstore labeling schemes?
How old is Sugar?
Does Naruto have Earth as chakra nature?
Was Broly able to transform into Super Saiyan 4 in Dragon Ball Z?
What is Orochimaru's ancestry?
Is there a meaning behind the paintings in Tsubaki Kureha's living room?
Why is Miku shown with a leek?
Does the first OVA take place right after the last episode of the first season of Darker than Black?
Why aren't Kyuubi and Naruto real allies?
Which anime has the most number of filler episodes and the longest filler arc?
Are guns in Kenshin historically accurate?
Is it possible for Gohan to transform into a super saiyan while in his ultimate form at the same time?
What's up with Nami's breast size?
What does Monokuma's Morse code theatre translate to?
What was Kurisu going to say to Okabe in the first episode?
Why are the eyes in front of the hair?
Is the uniform worn by Tatsuya during the Nine Schools Competition banquet a mistake or formal wear?
Is Avatar: the Last Airbender an anime?
What is the song playing in Code Geass Episode 14: Geass vs Geass
How are Death Billiards and Death Parade related?
What happened to the Namekian Dragon Balls when the planet exploded?
Is episode 12.5 in Durarara a filler?
Where is the first track of Toaru Kagaku no Railgun S OST 2 first played?
Why was Natsu called a pervert?
Gunslinger Girl II Teatrino: Anime vs Manga
Can someone please explain the ending of Shiki?
Old anime movie. White birds representing death
Why does no one remember Gildartz?
What is the manga about a twin brother and sister called?
A manga about two girls being summoned to another world and mistaken identity
Biologically speaking, is it true that there are no parasites in Parasyte?
Does the "running technique" of Seiho players exist in real life?
Manga with supernatural settings and two brothers trying to find their parents' killer
Why are the episodes named after literary works?
Action/Martial Arts anime with a character fighting with feathers
What's the name of an anime with a girl who lives in a farm and takes care of these animals which are like Komodo Dragons?
Looking for the name of an anime with a guy who was so fast, he let the enemy's sword practically touch him before he reacted
What exactly does "best girl" mean and where did the expression originate from?
Where is Eren's father Dr. Jaeger?
What's the meaning behind all the chairs in Madoka's room?
What makes an Ultra Ball different from the basic Poké Ball?
Why does Bakemonogatari exclusively use katakana?
A manga about a high school student couple who don't get along in real life but are lovey dovey when they chat via text messages
Ladybug theme song identification
What's with the explosion in episode 18?
The connection between the deadly sins and the animals in Nanatsu no Taizai
Why did Arren kill his father?
What is the source material, if any, for Sanzoku no Musume Ronja?
What is the origin (or first known work) of this "Reluctant Maou Heiress" trope we see in several contemporary works?
Why is sanity a recurring theme in Haiyore Nyaruko-san?
What is the significance of the lottery box in Yuru Yuri Nachuyachumi! OVA? And why are some of the words crossed out?
Are we ever going to be introduced to Ryou's downstairs neighbor?
What exactly happened when a person passed on?
Luffy's Straw Hat
What are the differences between the Totoro releases?
What are the processes involved betwen job submission and rewards?
Is there any "Word of God" or solid references proving that Parasytes cannot reproduce?
Do people still travel to and from Vers after Heaven's Fall?
What happened to Goku after he left the Earth at the end of Dragon Ball GT?
Identification request for anime movie: A boy who loses his parents, fights dinosaurs/monsters and rescues a girl he falls in love with
What websites provide streaming services for dubbed anime?
How different are the anime and manga versions of Akame Ga Kill?
How did Minori and co. get back to Akiba at the end of S2E21?
What is Kagetane's real goal?
Are Franky & Bon Clay voiced by the same voice actor?
What is the simplified art style called that is often used when a character is emotional?
How similar is the Magi anime to the manga?
Things that boost different bender skills
Is Aang also boosted by the comet?
Who is the most powerful in Dragon Ball?
What is the significance of the title "Usagi drop"?
Doesn't the rule "When two Teigu users battle, one is guaranteed to die" create plot holes?
Where was Sword Art Online published online?
How can fans be used to augment earthbending?
Which episodes of Konjiki no Gash Bell are essential?
Why is anime produced faster than manga?
What are the main reasons for filler episodes?
Is Monkey D. Luffy named after Sun Wukong?
Why do the racoons in pompoko have such large genitalia?
Why didn't Goku and Chi Chi use the Dragon Balls to rescue the Ox King and his castle?
Why couldn't Goku use the Nimbus to rescue the Ox King from the fire?
What are the differences of anime in 1990s and 2000s in terms of technology used?
Who has the highest official Dragon Ball Z power level?
How is it possible to take 7 days to rescue the trapped survivors in the train crash?
Can we roughly determine the dates and duration of Otonashi's stay in the Afterlife World?
Real story of Hampnie Hambart?
An anime in which people/androids are turned into pills which everyone takes instead of eating
How did Isaac and Miria became immortals?
A children's anime with a professor and a polar bear
Manga where a guy, whose girlfriend passed away/dumped him, is left to take care of a little girl and starts getting too attached
What is this manga about a boy with special eyes recruited by 3 girls to hunt murderers?
What is the song Muse performs on the rooftop of A-rise's school?
Title and singer of that english-sounding song in Tokyo Ghoul Root of Aogiri anime?
Was there an early preview of Kagamigami or a similar series in Shonen Jump?
How did they put Shiryu in his cage?
How is Embyro "Thousands" of years old, if the destruction of old earth happened only 534 years ago?
What music was Kaori "playing" in the roof of the hospital in episode 21?
What manga is Mur Mur reading?
What is "Project Tsuki-no-Me" exactly?
What happens if too much is given during a transmutation?
Why didn't Ashitaka return to his village after his curse was lifted?
Why is class 3-3 still open?
Did anybody feel Gon's Nen?
What should I know if I am to watch Fafner Exodus without watching the prequel series and movie?
Which episodes of Fairy Tail season 2 are anime-exclusive?
What is the song used in Akame ga Kill during the Budou vs Mine fight?
Why do some Anime have Loli Teachers?
Which episodes of One Piece are filler?
Where does Hamelin's Pig Theme come from?
What is the relationship between the male and female character?
Where does the "Lyrical" part come from?
Why is Kuga Yuma's C-rank uniform black? Every single other C-rank wears white
Why didn't the Arashiyama team just deactivate and reactivate their triggers during ep 15?
What anime/manga are the sword and the dog in this image from?
Are the 3 idiots in the Recruitment arc the same ones in the beginning of the series?
Could Okabe have saved Mayuri in the alpha world line?
Why did Guts have sex with an Apostle? Was he aware that she was an Apostle?
At the beginning of episode 10, why is Yumoto so happy he got a cold for the first time in his life?
What is the soundtrack playing in One Piece when god Usopp is held up by the giant?
Why is everyone affected by Infinite Tsukuyomi?
Can only men pass on the will of D.?
When was the Day of Severance?
What happened to Yuki and Inaho's parents?
Why do Rebecca's breasts appear polished/shiny?
Is the weird transition after the fight between Ichigo and Grimmjow deliberate?
What are the anime censorship laws in the United States?
Kirito's "light-saber" versus bullets
Is Marika the only one unaware of her father's true fate?
What's this vocal piece in the beginning of episode 18?
What are the 9 mountains and 8 seas?
Is the anime Junketsu no Maria depicting Christian god as a brutal and merciless god?
Where is this gif of a girl turning into stone(?) and breaking apart from
What are metaphysicals, and where do they come from?
Is the location of "A Bridge to the Starry Skies - Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi" a real place?
Anime about a little girl who lives in a cabin by herself in the middle of the forest/woods
What's the name of the music played during the final battle of Tokyo Ghoul √A episode 9?
Explain about Ergo Proxy and Proxy one and their relation with Monard Proxy
Explain the ending of Darker than Black season 2?
Can a person do the shinigami eye deal without losing half of his lifespan?
Is Nadia voluntarily inspired by Castle in the Sky?
Why didn't Light just kill the Task Force?
I can't find the name of this anime with a witch whose only weakness was bleeding
What episode is about "Lucky Bastard Fever"?
What is the meaning of "Cross" in the title Cross Ange?
In the Berserk anime, what was Guts's interpretation of Casca's "woman issue" in episode 11?
What happened to Kim Soon-Lee?
Besides the mecha, space and aldnoah technology displayed in the show, how technologically advanced is Vers compared to 2014' real world Earth?
Why is Nakuru Narumi so dark skinned?
Anime with a prince and a servant chased by zombies who meet an immortal woman
What is the extent of the power of the Dragon Balls?
A manga about a girl who works in a flower shop, lover has private beach house and gives her his earring
An anime from the 70's or 80's which had a scene of a large guy gunning down teddy bears
Does the anime adaptation of Absolute Duo deviate much from the light novel?
In which anime or manga was there a man who admired a fast killing sword technique but was mistaken
Has there been a woman that Sanji did not get attracted to?
What is the song from Naruto Shippuden episode 48 - Bonds at 3:10?
Is there any anime series of Dragon Ball after Dragon Ball GT?
Why don't Saiyans age?
Anime with a boy wearing a sun-shaped crown
What determines if someone going to Heaven or Hell?
Where can I find (digitized version if possible) an old film called "The World of The Talisman"?
Haki against Jewelry Bonney
Korean manhwa about a guy who cannot fight, but ends up winning every fight he is in
Can shape corrosion of an Initiator's body be reversed, or only contained?
What happened to Migi in the last episode?
Did Lucy ever recover her consciousness?
Roronoa Zoro's boasts
What would have happened if Dende could have made new Dragon Balls?
Where does Pica's body go when he uses his fruit?
What are the differences between Studio Ghibli's film adaptation and the original manga of "From Up On Poppy Hill"?
What does the top flag mean on the Japanese theatrical poster of "From Up on Poppy Hill"?
Does Layla have some sort of connection to the X777 event?
Why is Tokyo Ghoul's second season called √A?
A novel where the main character is reborn and killed right after birth 26 times due to his silver hair
Who is Onihime talking about in this scene? Is it a 4th wall joke?
Does Nyu have Vectors?
Is Jiggly Jiggly Heaven a reference to an existing series?
What does this (possibly Japanese) graffiti say?
An anime where a male character brings back some seeds and implants it on the wrist of his daughter
A manga about an emotive android fighter girl with black hair
An anime about MMO with a glasses wearing protagonist
Who was this girl by Lucy in special episode 10.5?
Why is Hoshimiya Kate's Seifuku Jikan weak against Tobacco?
When did the trend of doing a Title Drop on the last episode started, and what is the reason of doing it?
What is this anime where people manifest special powers from element-based auras?
Does the Uchiha:Senju DNA ratio matter in awakening the Rinnegan?
What is this anime which started with a boy and his sister riding on a train to another dimension to search for their scientist parents?
Anime about a girl found by the lead character in the ruins in the sky who attracted a monster to a village inhabited by spirits
Who voiced the old man of Rol village in Slayers Revolution episode 6?
Why do we generally see only one person per type of magic?
What's the name of the background music which starts at 37:31 in episode 1 of Fate/stay night UBW (2014)?
Does Kamisama Kiss pass the Bechdel test?
In SAO 2 did Asuna break up with Kirito?
What anime features robot armor and reference to "Dell Power"
Is it physically possible to turn a mahjong tile white with a super grip?
Can women be Makai Knights?
How does the Grail choose the participants?
When or in what part did Milly Ashford (the school president) admit that she has feelings for Lelouch?
Why does Alluka only have the strength of a normal child?
Where did the shining eye trope come from?
Why is it that some shikigami are like Wanzer from Front Mission?
What is the theme music when Androids 17 and 18 are activated?
What do we know about Shirou's biological ancestors? (not Kiritsugu)
In Deadman Wonderland, is the Red Man is supposed to be Ganta's childhood hero, Ace Man?
What is the difference between the ending in the anime and in The End of Evangelion?
Which manga chapters are covered by both season of Kamisama Hajimemashita anime?
What are Trebol's powers?
What are the names of the characters in Gurren Lagann derived from? And how do they relate to the characters?
How powerful is the Rinne Sharingan?
Where is the translation of "Dona Dona" from?
How did Edward manage to defeat Father?
Death note handwriting check
Anime about boy who can accelerate objects; also meets girl with wooden katana
What is the name of the song played during the scene where Asuna is buffing the party underwater in SAO Extra Edition?
How did Karen's little sister's spirit get fused to Karen?
Why is gold important to Amestris' economy?
In which episode does this picture from the opening of K-ON! appear?
What does it mean to be a poster child of type B blood?
Are there real life counterparts to the characters in the anime?
Looking for manga apps which filter out mature content
Why is Saber wearing a white wedding dress and why was she posed like that?
Are Logia types overpowered?
Is there any reason why the race takes place on Roboworld?
Why was One Piece white washed?
How does navigation work in One Piece universe?
Who is Hanazawa Hanako?
Was Blackbeard strong before eating the Yami Yami no Mi?
When does The Last: Naruto the Movie take place within Naruto Shippuden anime series and Naruto manga?
Can wizards/magic users possess more than one type of magic?
What are the names of these 3 songs in episode 16 of Nanatsu no Taizai/The Seven Deadly Sins?
How does the travel works in One Piece universe?
Is "A re yo u o ver the re" a kind of hypnosis?
Should one read/watch Triangle Heart before diving into the Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha series?
What's this music in "World of Ice"?
What do servants expect will happen at the end of the Holy Grail war?
How much of the Natsume's Book of Friends manga was adapted into the anime?
Why is Shanks a Yonko?
Gintoki's example: Shy school girl becomes slutty after mysterious summer holiday
What was the source of inspiration behind the character Sasuke in Naruto?
What is this anime about a church orphan who had to testify against his fat friend?
The Chuunibyou crew wants to do what to "this world", exactly?
Where does the anime Hajime no Ippo: Rising leave off in the manga?
How is King Bradley's sword so sharp?
How did Koro-sensei prevent the Moon from falling onto the Earth?
Is there any anime with an overweight female protagonist?
Space anime from 80s/early 90s, with a distinct ship design and female pilots
What's the secret behind Eren's key?
An animation featuring two chibis wearing tiger and dragon costumes duking it out
How much of Teekyuu is actually about Tennis or the Tennis club?
What is a Grail vessel?
What were the Einzberns planning to do once Kiritsugu won the war?
Why did the Einzberns make Illya a master?
What is the symbolism of Labyrinth in Grisaia no Meikyuu?
Is there a season two of Diabolik Lovers?
Are some translated anime needlessly subbed twice?
Where was Shinji Matou during Fate/Zero?
Is there any meaning to the rail lines in Bakemonogatari's "Tsubasa Cat" OP?
How did Natsu solve his transportation problem?
In Unlimited Blade Works, why did Caster try to kill Shirou when she hadn't retrieved his Command Seals yet?
Why did the Uchihas never try to learn Sage Mode?
Was Shanks expected to eat the Gomu Gomu no Mi?
An action and ecchi manga about a girl who has multiple personalities, whose body also changes whenever she changes her personality
An anime with a female main character with a spiral on her forehead
How do Otonashi and Kanade remember Iwasawa's last song in their next life?
An anime where a girl with pink hair, half naked (or completely naked), with supernatural power making limbs explode in the first episode
Why did Gintoki scream "Psycho-Pass!"?
Who is the voice actor of Scissor Runner in Fairy Tail?
Why is the title Punchline?
Which anime did the pregnancy test meme come from?
Did Kick-Heart reveal a breakdown of its expenses?
Why was Guts called the Black Swordsman?
Subtitles vs closed captioning translation difference on Netflix?(specific to Funimation titles)
What is this Windows Vista/7 window doing on the wall in episode 3 of Re-Kan?
Feasibility of Guts using the Dragonslayer
What are these people doing in front of a shrine?
Why can't Kakashi use Lightning Cutter properly after losing his Sharingan?
How do you train in a jutsu that kills you if used?
What is the source of this animated GIF of a couple slapping each other in play?
Why go through so much trouble to show a character is staring by having her say or shout "stare"?
Looking for a magical girl anime episode where the heroine is turned into a baby
Where is the second season of "Danna ga Nani o Itteiru ka Wakaranai Ken", chronologically compared to the first?
How does "The Disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan" relate to the Haruhi Suzumiya series?
What is up with the World Map?
Is there second season for Nisekoi as of this day April 21 2015?
Why did Animax Asia stop telecasting Naruto Shippuden in India?
On which DTH operator can I get Animax channel in India?
In the fight between Jiraiya and Pain, why didn't Fukasaku and Shima's sound genjutsu affect Nagato?
Why didn't Sphinx upload a new video to evacuate the people from the airport?
Where did the concept of fighting Nightmares come from?
Anime about a guy who sees and then eats invisible bugs?
What exactly happens to Kyuubei at the end of Rebellion?
Who is the creator of the manga Yu Yu Hakusho?
Is there any cross-reference between Aku no Hana and Inside Mari?
Where can I buy KamiNomi Manga?
Why is Yukihira Soma not famous at Tōtsuki Culinary Academy?
Where can I watch Zettai Karen Children, or old anime in general?
A manga about the adventure of a pair of brother and sister in a game world
Is Hellsalem's Lot a reference to Jerusalem?
What was the first magical girl transformation scene?
Why didn't Mr. Satan know about Z Warriors and their abilities?
How does the Steins;Gate phone microwave work?
Why did Taeko's father hit her?
In Shingeki No Kyojin, when does Eren lose 3 years of his memory?
Who are the Witches whom these Magical Girls represent?
Lessa The Crimson Knight, weird cover page?
Did Sola-Ui truly love Lancer?
Who is Yakushimaru Ritsuko?
Is Fuji-san really that easy to be climbed?
Where is Sanji in this currently ongoing Dressrosa fight?
Who wrote the passage on the Poneglyph at Skypiea?
Is Plastic Memories adapted from a manga/light novel?
Who was the first tsundere character?
What is this anime about a green-haired robot named Sophie?
What manga is this girl shrinking into a child from?
Did they manage to extract any information from Annie Leonhart after she was captured?
What is Aoi referring to when she says "Comaneci"?
What happened to Reiner and Bertolt after Clash of the Titans arc?
List of anime referenced in Bakuman
Where can I buy English translated Clockwork Planet light novels?
Which episodes of "GITS: Arise − Alternative Architecture" are covered by "GITS: Arise − Border" movies?
Which manga chapter does the season 1 of the anime end on?
What anime is this talisman with a cross and three 6s from?
What's the coordinate ability?
Would Nyu have developed murderous tendencies after enough time had passed?
Is Seki Tekko (the red glove with a blood drawing wristband) a part of Senketsu?
What is C2's actual name?
Is Matsutarou imitating a famous Japanese enka singer?
What is a Marduk?
Do all the D' girls have dragon "mates"?
Which characters is the cast of Youkai Shoujo - Monsuga cosplaying as in the chapter 31 color cover?
Picture of a red-haired girl from old (maybe 80s) anime
Did they finally put an ejection mechanism in Lancelot?
How are mangaka affected by Golden Week?
What's this manga about a boy who could control time
What's this anime with a boy and girl meeting and becoming siblings?
What was Natsume hiding in her closet in episode 11?
A guy who can steal people's identity and power - what is this anime?
What is the reference behind "...Gold Sakaki or a Silver Sakaki" that Io mentions?
What is this anime where a poor girl forced is to wash an ugly guest that's very muddy?
Why did Rukawa join Shohoku?
How did Gammon solve the puzzle in episode 2?
Hinata's & her children's family name by the end of Naruto
"Wish" in the credits of Code Geass and Steins;Gate?
What's this mecha anime with a robot world championship?
Why was the Buddy Complex "second season" just a two part finale?
What's with Rei's appearance at the very beginning?
The Irregular at Magic High School episode 17 French rap credits
What are the differences between the Tokyo Ghoul anime and manga?
What steps did the Yotsuba family take to keep the Shiba siblings hidden from the other families?
What does rule XXXV mean?
What is the Japanese word they are talking about?
Is a person who wasn't named by his/her parents immune to the Death Note?
Does Reika return later in the series?
Why do some characters have their weight measured in apples?
What are Shiina's and Tsuyuko's last names?
Why does Killua get upset when Gon says "being weak is so painful" in manga chapter 214?
A school-life manga where everyone is given a word, which becomes their power to survive against monsters
How did Rance avoid impregnating anyone?
In the Berserk manga, what was the interpretation when Guts was lying on his back looking at the starry heaven?
What was Zaimokuza's role in Hachiman's scheme to elect Iroha?
Are the similarities between Homura Akemi and Kiritsugu Emiya intentional?
What happened to Aeka during the Nekoko and Mizuki stories?
How did Minato gain the Kyuubi Chakra mode?
Mecha anime where boy pilots small, somewhat feminine robot that can teleport to him
In Naruto Gaiden: The Seventh Hokage, who is this blue-haired guy sitting next to Boruto?
What powers does Araragi have after he was cured?
Why didn't Chibi-usa initially recognize Sailors Mercury, Mars, Jupiter, & Venus as her friends?
Does D always get the special power of the dragon they vanquish?
Why do the Sannoh players all have buzz cut hair?
Do Aldnoah Drives have any kind of consciousness or intelligence?
What anime is this video featuring girls wearing Nazi armband from? (NSFW)
Has there been a study or documentary on the influence of Ani-song themes on Japan's music scene?
What is the meaning of Arakawa Under the Bridge's opening theme song?
How did the Earth Dragon Balls revive everyone killed by Frieza?
Anime where MC learns the abilities of his foes, in destroyed or war-torn city
Why is there a warning about diseases you can contract in farms at the end of Silver Spoon Season 2?
Kyoukai no Rinne background music
Dragon Ball Super release date
Why is Koro-sensei's sibling Itona not like him?
Who are Mitsuki's parents?
How did Naruto elude the Ninja chasing him at the start of Episode 1?
How did Netero manage to levitate during his fight with Meruem?
Why did Aleister create the Science Side?
Is the "Greenhouse Boy" the same person as the main antagonist in the TV anime version of Wish upon the Pleiades?
Why is it that the swordsman's attacks appear to do nothing until they click the sword back into its sheath?
Did the animators make a mistake with Nami's glove after she stabbed Usopp at Arlong Park?
What's the song that plays during the basketball scene in episode 2 of Parasyte?
Manga about possessed child who develops a taste for people
What manga is this picture of a couple kissing from?
Why do the subtitles say "tetsusaiga" for "tessaiga"?
What is the song played during Sasuke's and Itachi's final battle?
Is Saika also based on some old folklore?
What's this anime with kids jumping off a roof and then hovering over the ground?
Who is the main character in Fate/stay night Unlimited Blade Works?
Who are these guys in the end of every episode?
What is this anime movie from the 90s where the protagonist in a jet fights an enemy mech?
Name of anime which is about a fugitive princess who controls a mecha
Why will Fairy Tail have 4 consecutive weeks of double chapters?
Anime about a girl, who becomes an adult by using magic and starts modeling
Was Incursio really weaker than Grand Chariot, or was Wave just delusional?
What was Incursio's trump card ability?
Is Sasuke's new dojutsu same as Kaguya's third eye?
Did Light Actually Like L (in a friendship way)?
Does Mizuho reveal his crossdressing after he graduates?
Why didn't Goku think of using Instant Transmission to get out of Hell before trying what Android 17 did?
Why do Japanese live-action adaptations appear to have extremely similar artistic direction to their manga/anime source material?
Who is the person in the Akatsuki cloak in Chapter 702?
Manga with a girl having demons in her hands and hunts vampires
Does Rolo's Geass have no Limits?
Romance manga where a guy tutors a girl who turns out to be a millionaire
In which episode does Tsuna get stronger?
Was Urahara's Bankai ever revealed or hinted at?
What if Hashirama had implanted Madara's cells into his body?
Why did Lancer prepare his Noble Phantasm during his first fight with Archer?
Were the Heroic Spirits that powerful in their lives?
What anime is this figure of a white girl from?
What manga is this page used to advertise for scanlators from?
How will Gon continue fighting after his fight with Neferpitou?
How does Elen's attitude layout the last scene of the final episode?
Is there an explanation to the "exponential" growth of power levels in Z fighters?
Horror anime about vampires hunted down by humans
Why is Kong using a Japanese surname?
Why did Shiro have Rin's pendant, if Rin's pendant was returned to her by Archer?
How was The Dwarf in the Flask created?
Why was "Vanilla Ice" localized as "Cool Ice"?
Why does Lazet's hair color suddenly change?
Who is the seiyuu of Aya in Mushishi?
How is Armament Haki obtained or learned?
What is this manga where a girl is told that she's never been seen only as a friend?
How does Renji become stronger than Rukia?
Does anyone know this song from Naruto Shippuden that plays in this video?
Where is this picture from? How do I use Reverse Image Search to find the source of an anime/manga image?
Why didn't Rem die after killing Kaneboshi?
If Van Hohenheim is a living Philosopher's Stone, what does that make Edward and Alphonse?
What's this old school anime with a badass green-haired Sephiroth lookalike?
What are the drawbacks of being possessed by a Loose Soul?
What does the Namekian password for the Dragon Balls translate to?
What happens to the pregnant woman's baby in the first episode of Death Parade?
How far can you manipulate someone with a Death Note?
Which anime it is? (from description)
Why are the translations of 邪王真眼 (jaou shingan) so divergent?
What's this manga about a guy in debt who goes to a fantasy world?
Oreki and Chitanda's relationship in the anime Hyouka
Will a person die when their name is written in the situation of death?
Is Blackbeard afraid of Luffy?
Why in World Trigger do the characters have times when their faces get blank during dialog?
Is Sora no Otoshimono Final: Eternal My Master the definite ending movie of the series?
What is the background story of Hatsune Miku?
In what episode does Naruto get linked to all the tailed beasts?
Could you avoid to die due to the death note if you have no heart in your body?
Did the events of The Different Story Volume 1 occur in all timelines?
How did Galfa make Maria temporarily lose her powers?
Why do the Horsemen attack people?
What exactly is the Code Geass?
How many bodies does Yuma Kuga have?
Why can't the birdcage be cut?
What's the meaning of "collection of unpaid tabs" in Tsukimonogatari episode 3?
Anime where a boy is transported to a world with a different sun and enrolls in a magic school?
Is Zeira alive?
Where in the manga does anime season 2 of Rosario to Vampire end?
Why are some of the names written in the Latin alphabet in Hunter x Hunter?
Does Haki also eliminate Devil Fruit users' weakness against water?
Why do anime production studios keep the rights to anime which they don't plan on continuing?
Do characters announce genjutsu before casting, like regular jutsu and taijutsu?
Can an adult be killed using the Death Note, by remembering their childhood face while writing the name?
Getting a business-card after jumping from a sky-scraper
When did Shinobu enter Araragi's shadow in Tsubasa Cat?
What is the Evangelion reference Araragi was talking about?
Do the class cards physically exist in the main Fate universe?
A manga about two students in a class where everyone but them is in a relationship
How do LN publishers assign the illustrator for a light novel?
What is Fairy Vearth?
What is the origin of the trope where a person says "I can't eat anymore" 「もう食べられないよ…」 in their sleep?
In which episode did Luffy say the following quote?
When characters take off their glasses, why do their eyes turn into a "lip eyes" icon?
Can Death Note misfire if a person changes their name and appearance to that of another person?
Killing Conjoined Twins using Death Note
How did N come to the conclusion that Light Yagami was Kira?
Can Death Note be used to indirectly kill more than one person by killing the driver of a train/bus/plane?
Do Death Note users with Shinigami Eyes see in a red tint?
Does the AUG | Akihabara Accept come from an anime? If so, which one?
What is the origin of the bubble during sleep trope?
Where did the Skinship Grope trope come from?
How much of the normal process of doing alchemy can be circumvented by seeing Truth?
Oblivious life-threateningly terrible cooks?
Is the last scene in The Last: Naruto the Movie the end of Naruto?
What is the track listing for "selector spread WIXOSS music Particle.2"?
what was the name of girl who gives everyone starfish in clannad?
What do we know about Ichigo's father?
What is this huge symbol on the door in the Truth realm and in the Neon Genesis Evangelion opening?
What happened to Fairy Tail Monthly?
Why did humans worship Ilias?
Trying to find the name of a song/PV from Miku Hatsune
What's the name of the song playing in Seto No Hanayome episode 24 at around 15:13?
What is Archer's background in Unlimited Blade Works?
Why did the clocks move one hour backwards when Rin summoned Archer?
How can I identify child-appropriate manga?
What chapter is the episode 413 of Naruto Shippuden
What is the serious comedy?
Old anime with a red-haired protagonist who fights demons
Why does Kirei want Rin's heart?
Did Ultear know there was a different way to defeat master Hades?
How many times was the moon destroyed?
Name of song in Episode 9 of No Game No Life at around 21:45?
who are Stripism a parody of?
Thematic or mood effects of shadow placement on a character's face?
Did this really happen in Kuroko no Basket?
Who are Rogue and Sting and when were they first revealed?
What happens to Ichika after the fated summer ends?
In the Dressrosa Arc, why doesn't Luffy use Gear Second to quickly reach Doflamingo?
How many dragons exist in the Light Novels so far?
How did Issei steal Vali's power?
Why does Luffy use Gear Second so much?
When will Fairy Tail (2014) be dubbed?
Are the visualizations in the anime from the Light Novels?
Anime about a guy who becomes a girl's spirit familiar
Where did Naruto get his money from?
Does Kakashi's Sharingan use more chakra than the Uchiha clan members?
What is the full lyrics of the song Si deus me relinquit?
Are Breakers the only ones able to draw on the Lost Precious' powers?
Why isn't Holy Scripture Triten inside Caubac Alcatraz Labyrinth?
Is Replica part of Yuma Kuga's Black Trigger?
What's the difference between Rank 1 through Rank 3 investigators?
What is the meaning of "Argonaut"?
How accurate is the cooking in Food Wars?
In what order were the Servants summoned for the 5th Holy Grail War?
In what order were the Servants summoned for the 4th Holy Grail War?
What do "sama" and "kun" mean? Are they related to the shinobi rank?
What will happen if one person eats two Devil Fruits?
How fast is the 3D Maneuver Gear (3DMG)?
Kekkai Sensen ep9, meaning of "playing it backwards in double-time/fast-forward"?
When will season 3 of Heaven's Lost Property come out?
What happened to Argo the Rat by the end of SAO Aincrad?
Identification of purple haired girl claiming she will pretend to be a cat if things go bad
A light/web novel about a person reincarnated as the youngest child in a noble family, who later learns magic from a zombie magician
What happened to the Sector 6 Plate?
Anime set in a world where females choose their gender
Does Akito Takagi have parents?
Did Ace master any Haki abilities?
How many weeks are there in a One Piece year?
In Code Geass R2 episode 17, why did Lelouch lie to Suzaku about what he ordered Euphemia to do?
What happened to the tomoe in Sasuke's Rinnegan?
Why does Final Fantasy contain "Final" in the title?
Did Sakura lose her virginity to Kakashi?
What happened to Launch?
Why don't the citizens use the underground port and factory to escape the Birdcage?
What is the usage of the stones monsters drop?
Anime involving a love story and two samurai/assassin villages, previously on unfriendly terms, that were made to fight each other again
Wouldn't Yuta destroy the world every time he takes a bath?
What happens in the final battle of Underworld between the Human Army and the Dark Territory Army?
Why is anime limited in animation?
Was Naruto's design inspired by Goku's?
Did "Fairy Tail" plagiarize "One Piece"?
I bought a figure of a girl with a baseball bat, but I don't know who of
What happened to the Senkai Gates during Inoue's kidnapping?
Why does Akane support Sybil?
How many times did Satchii say "Boku Satchii!" throughout the series?
What's the name of the song playing when Mr. 3 uses his Wax Wax Mansion ability on Luffy during the Little Garden Arc?
Why are there so many perverted virgins in anime?
What are the similarities and differences between Reiatsu and Chakra?
Was Natsu trying to imitate someone?
Manga that involves a boy with cursed mechanical dragon wings whenever he is in danger
If a Death Note user specifies, along with the actual target, the name of a person whose face the user doesn't know, will that person live?
How many Dragons are there in total in Fairy Tail?
What're the names of the Thunder and Poison Dragons?
Who made Medusa's Daughter pregnant?
Is Sakura, Sarada's biological mother?
Who are the girls depicted in this scene?
Why are characters named Momonga named after flying squirrels?
What is Kotetsu trying to parody with the fundamentals of photography?
What are the differences between the Prince of Tennis manga and anime?
Why does Yasako have an encode reactor?
Did Kazuki get a new body?
Why were the coffins of First and Second Hokage not sealed?
How can Hitoe touch Ruuko?
In the Tsubasa Cat arc, when did Hachikuji meet Shinobu?
What is the chronological order of the Sono Hanabira games?
Why does Ed and Al's mom cost so much to transmute?
How can I tell if an anime figure is a fake?
What is Tsumugi's gender?
What are those zigzagged folded paper things you see in supernatural anime?
Do Seiyuu use stage-names for their anime works?
What is the Ape Titan's identity?
Is Dal Dal cat ears is just hair accessory?
Why had Portgas D. Ace refused to take his father's surname?
Where was “In This Corner of the World" funded?
Who is Jeff-Kun? Is there any canonical references about him besides what is shown in the Anime?
Which NGE movie package should I buy?
What's the proper reading order for the Tokimeki Tonight manga?
Where did Nami get her Clima-tact while fighting Absalom?
How is Lola (a general zombie) able to do what she wants?
Is there any significance to Risei's line?
Why is All Blue not part of the 8 Seas?
What is the song that plays when the results of the failed transmutation are dug up?
Where is All Blue located?
Is it shown in the Manga the moment when Watari becomes aware of "the lie"?
What happened to Shishui Uchiha?
What is "the calm"?
What happened to the art style in Fairy Tail?
How are Sea-Prism Stone items made
When did people start putting anime characters on vehicles?
Which is the manga series with the highest number of volumes?
Things that aren't explained in the anime
What were the first official English-translated anime and manga?
Which was the first anime to receive a English dub?
Who is Saigo-san?
Why is there so much reluctant sex in hentai?
Are there conditions to whether Yozuru Kagenui walks on the ground or not?
Is there an 'angel dance' outside of the Shirobako anime?
What is Caramelldansen, and where does it originate from?
Why did Kaneki's hair turn back to its original colour?
Why are the numbers of Logia and Zoan Devil Fruit users lower when compared to Paramecia users?
Girls dead monster songs?
Why does anime air in 4 seasons per year of ~13 episodes?
Why wasn't Jiraya able to use Sage mode completely?
Who was the first anime character to be on a body pillow?
Is there a reason for the "Hair of Death" hair style?
Is there a place that has Soukyuu no Fafner: Dead Aggressor subtitles?
What's the meaning behind S.A.D. and Smiles?
What anime movie is this?
Is there filler manga?
Why people in Germany don't lock their doors?
What is secret dragon slayer art?
What race are Emperor Pilaf and Garlic Jr.?
Would avoiding Nanika indefinately would stop Nanika's wish granting power?
What does it take to kill a Ghoul?
Why don't more video games get full anime adaptations?
What's the name of the song that plays during Morgiana's dancing scene at the end of ep 18 in Magi: The Labyrinth of Magic?
Where does the manga for Beyblade original series end in comparision to the anime?
Why didn't Hanekawa want to go home during Mayoi Snail?
Who did Amasawa-san go see in the hospital?
Is Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru. Zoku a remake?
Identification about a manga with a VR game that results in "IRL" gender changes
What is a good way to keep track of the episode you're up to?
Does anyone actually die?
Identification of the background music played in episode 2 and 3 of Beyblade Season 1 English dubbed version
Significance of Seagull in Navy flag
Why do anime and manga use the same faces?
What was inside Yuuko's wallet?
Why is 1:144 scale used for plastic models?
Did chakra come from the Juubi?
Is there somewhere where the Stretch exercises are compiled?
Who are these two girl figures?
Where was Fate staying during the first season?
Anime about black haired teen who opens a manga shop in another world
What is the name of the tune that Black always whistles?
Manga about a crazy teenage boy
Where to continue after Berserk's movies?
Where did Princess Kaguya come from?
Where are these catgirls originally from?
Why did they decide to eliminate Mamoru?
Is the Senran Kagura Anime/OVA related to the games plot wise?
Is this a Shonen Jump anime?
Do Gods and Goddesses regain their power inside dungeon?
How do the various Yurikuma Arashi adaptations relate to each other?
Did we ever find out what happened with Nagi between Volumes 36 and 38?
What Manga chapter is Episode 414 of Naruto Shippuden from?
Why does Trafalgar D. Law use 'Ya-や(屋)' suffix while addressing others?
Do Claymore manga and anime have different endings?
Does anyone know what song is played in episode 40?
Chaos;Head, Steins;Gate, Robotics;Notes: where is all the extra information?
Is there somewhere I can buy or bid on the whole Ragnarok Into the Abyss manga series?
Which is the series "Lost Sheep" of which plush doll Subaru Konoe is fan of?
Which episodes of Sailor Moon Crystal are Ittou Asanuma in?
What are the limitations of the Flying Thunder God technique (Flying Raijin Jutsu)?
Is it logical that Enel's power is ineffective against Luffy?
How closely does Ikki Tousen match Romance of the Three Kingdoms?
Who are the characters on the girls' planes in Shirobako?
What is this 'Japanese Secret Police' Furuya Rei is in? Are they a real police division?
Was there an announcement for the 3rd season of Vampire Knight anime?
Can female Claymores give birth to babies for their husbands?
For how long have humans and vampires coexisted?
Is Koro-sensei fireproof?
Are anime still submitted to broadcasters in tape form?
Ciel and Elizabeth after episode 12 of the second season?
Is it possible that Itachi knew the truth about Tobi being Obito and not Madara?
What song is playing 12 minutes into episode 13 of Code Geass R1?
Why does the Fairy Tail anime have no blood?
Why did Yoshihiro Togashi recycle designs from Yu Yu Hakusho for his characters in Hunter x Hunter?
In the Avatar arc, why is Sting fat?
Why aren't Meow and Dandy zombies anymore?
English-English term for "Shōjo manga"
How did Waver appear in Iskandar's reality marble?
Who is the guy that Shirou passes in the Clock Tower that he mentions he recognizes?
Can I watch Gintama' (2015) if I haven't watched previous seasons?
Which of the character quirks are based on real life, and which are purely fictional?
In what order should I read the Touhou Project manga?
Where can I get listings of convention locations and dates?
Why did Lelouch call it the "United States of Japan"?
Why does Obito look like an adult during the Kyuubi attack on Konoha?
What sections of the final chapter are real, and the ones that are flashbacks/dream sequences?
Why were Nagato's Six Paths those people who Jiraiya had randomly encountered in his journeys?
What is Brioche d'Arquien's timeline in Dog Days?
Gintama Sex-Change Seiyuu Change
In Love Live episode 6, what were the results of each member in karaoke/dance?
Does Midorima's shooting ability have a name?
How much do the live-action Nana films cover?
Do some Devil Fruits allow the user to swim in water?
One Piece Episode 533 Music Name at 19:47
What would happen if Rokudou loses his Haori of the Underworld?
Why can Naruto use Rasengan more than Kakashi using Chidori?
How much of the manga does the Death Note musical cover?
Where can I get the sheet music for the song Crescent Moon Dance?
Why could Shirou use Rho Aias?
Why did the Grail try to grab Gilgamesh instead of Shinji?
Has there been an English dub release of Ghost in the Shell - Arise 3?
What does Miyamura have against cats?
If some of the higher-ups know about Oscar's gender, why is she still permitted to be in the Royal Guard?
Who or what is "El Ragna"?
How did maids get popular in anime?
How come Archer was still around?
Where is it mentioned in the manga that the protagonist has a time limit to change back?
Kakashi's chakra nature
Why do characters in some art styles have a broken line for mouths?
What is the manga where to escape hell the person has to do a bunch of good deeds?
Code Geass season 1 episode 7, there is a song playing at 16:56
Who enforces the rules that the gods must obey?
What happens if a dragon lacrima of another element is implanted?
Why do all Marine Vice Admirals (and higher ranking officers) put their coats as capes?
Is Dragon Ball Super considered canon?
Where can I legally stream or download Ninku?
How many episodes of Naruto are there?
What happened to the third iteration of Yuki?
What was Kuroko's real name?
What are these designs based on?
Where in the Dragon Ball timeline is the Super series?
Why did Sinon act strangely when Kirito grabbed her tail?
How does Koro-sensei fly?
Who cursed poor Zeref?
Can a person kill another person even if that person does not possess the Death Note?
What is the "SNAFU" in My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU?
Common characters in One Piece and Pirates of Caribbean
Episode 309: Who saved Usopp on the bridge at Enies Lobby?
Why didn't Minato make himself also the Yin-Kurama jinchuuriki?
Why is Kanata Age called a traitor in Kuusen Madoushi?
How can a player in ALO make an original Sword Skill?
Why is there no progress anymore on H.O.T.D?
Manga about a boy who participates in battle to expand his god's shrine and uses rope to fight
How much of the manga did Nisekoi season 2 cover?
What is a Slay Vega?
Does the anime of Denpa Kyoushi add anything new?
80s-90s anime with a blonde main character whose mother dies
Where can I buy Suzaku Kururugi's sunglasses?
Can Dragon Slayers teach Dragon Slayer Magic?
Why is altering the future limited to diary users?
Why do Chimera Ants seem to remember only one past life?
Dragon ball super timeline
Why does all of Grisaia anime series have a weird video format?
What is the weapon Adlet uses to spit fire called?
Why doesn't Nehushtan require its wielder to sing?
What is the difference between the 1st and 2nd NCOPs for Symphogear (season one)?
What is the purpose of having this face in the subtitles/lyrics?
Why are "traps" and "genderbending" so common in anime and manga compared to Western media?
Is the Shinigami dead?
Can you manipulate a person using an alias with the death note?
Is Toyosato Elementary School open to visitors?
Why did Haruma Yamazaki become the student council president?
What's written behind the makeshift club sign?
What is the process of making vivre card?
Who are these OS-tan?
Can you protect yourself from a death note by changing your eye color?
Who is the "dinosaur guy with the nasty attitude"?
What was the first anime-styled Visual Novel?
Is there a manga based on Dragon Ball Heroes?
What kind of illness was Kaori Miyazono suffering from?
Is there a name for this manga-anime mouth expression? (`3`)
Is the heart a weak point of a Logia user?
Why does Zoro's "1080 Pound Phoenix" use the term "pound" instead of "kilogram"?
How does Shingo's use of "osu" in this particular dialogue differ from its use elsewhere?
What happened to the X's? Is their friendship over?
Why can Devil Fruit users use their abilities while wet?
Does the Bleach anime stick to the manga's plot?
Did Vegeta want to make Gohan stronger?
Where can I hear more music by Dragon Ball composer Shunsuke Kikuchi?
How do familiars get created?
Help with finding this manga about a family of killers who wield scissors?
How did the Incubators start making Magical Girls?
Why does Team Rocket always try to catch Pikachu?
Could Alluka completely heal Gon?
In what order should the Appleseed movies be watched?
What is playing on Shinji's walkman?
Can someone explain to me the ending of Guilty Crown?
How did Hashiba conclude that the teacher-killer was in their class?
What is the difference between Dragonball Z and Dragonball Z Kai?
What does the title "Aldnoah.Zero" mean?
Humanoid harem - Kissing makes them stronger
What is the title to this song on Fairy Tail?
Anime with house with girls with different hobbies?
In FMA: Brotherhood, why do Father's sacrifices remain alive after the sacrifice?
What is Kaworu implying at the end of RoE: 1.01?
What is the stance of Evangelion creators (Including but not limited to Hideaki Anno) on the "Death of Author" concept, regarding the series?
What were the contents of the letter that Kirika didn't want Shirabe to read?
Is "Noise" an initialism?
How old is Gintoki?
Is there a list of skippable fairy tail episodes to just watch the main plot
Is the circle-script used in Rokka no Yuusha decipherable?
Was the abrupt cut to the eyecatch in the Funimation version of episode 2 of Kuusen Madoushi a production error?
Why do Terminal Services employees need to work in human-Giftia pairs?
Has the acoustic version of Unravel been released yet?
A manga about two boys originally from an orphanage
How are games in the School Days franchise linked?
A party of 3 women looking for a hero
Romance one-shot about an emotionless girl
Why are some scenes in shows on Funimation very dark or very oversaturated?
Great teacher Onizuka exam result
Why does NARAKU NINJA wish to slay other NINJA?
Who, specifically, did Yanagida mean by "half the world"?
In episode 20 of Attack on Titan, how does the Female Titan have 3D Maneuver Gear after regaining human form?
What does the "FG" in the formal name of the Symphogear system stand for?
Who produced what on Alexander Senki?
Just who knew Arturia was female when she was King?
Why does Hayate have to cover herself when she enters and leaves Saint's Church?
Why does Lindy and Leti have the same mark on their foreheads?
Can I watch the full 'Nice Boat' replacement episode anywhere?
Which series is this girl getting robbed and tied up from?
How long has the "situation" been going on by the beginning of episode 1?
What is Natsu hiding under the bandage on his right arm after he came back from the training since chapter 418?
How did Demikas know the location of the gold room?
Is the death note 23 days rule inconsistent?
Which characters survive and make it to UQ Holder?
In the anime, how many girls did Itou Makoto sleep with and are they all emotionally tied?
Where in K-ON! does the second panel of this image of Azusa come from?
Can you physically stop someone from commiting suicide?
Is there more than one World Tree in the "known" world?
Why is the release of season 2 of Attack on Titan delayed?
Was it really necessary to take such precautions to confine Misa
What actually is modern magic, and how does it work?
How is the ability to use chakra alloted?
Who narrated episode 1 of Durarara!!×2 Ten?
Who has the head as of episode 2 of Durarara!!×2 Ten?
Manga where NEET is forced to go to high school to gather information about girl
Why do Japanese anime characters shout so much?
Did Saber ever learn Eastern fencing styles before meeting Shiro?
What does it mean by "Hikigaya Hachiman’s desired genuine thing"?
Trope where objects are physically harmed and receive giant bumps?
What is the reading order for Yoshiki Tonogai's different manga series?
What is meant by Nagato when she mentions the 'Big Seven'?
Why didn't the Task Force capture Misa Amane?
Why does Eighth have such an oversized head?
Why did the skinned chickens fear the camera?
Why is Super Sonico famous?
Why do Killua and Gon pretend not to know Hisoka in episode 50?
What makes New-Types different from "old-types"?
What is the music playing in One Piece episode 644 when Hajrudin encounters Lucy aka Luffy?
What's the song that is played in episode 11 of One Piece at 21:54?
Why does Shurelia appear in Misha's and Aurica's Cosmosphere's?
Does the Trio of Elemia actually exists?
Why does Chris take the form of a rabbit?
What was the first English-speaking anime fangroup?
Where did Yaoi Paddles come from?
What does "I used to be an engineer once" mean?
What happens if there is no relic in a summoning?
Why did Kate's pendant become a key, when it is shown as a locket before?
What's the name of the violin score played by Shaiapouf when Meruem is born?
Does the light novel tell of the passing of time during Itami's missions?
Why didn't Zoro use his Bandana in dressrosa arc?
How humans became titans?
Who was Annie apologizing to in episode 13?
Why do shinigami bleed?
How does the Colossal Titan's shifter escape without being seen?
Why is the Female Titan after Eren?
Why do SMPTE colour bars block part of Ryou's face in episode 13?
What is the song playing in "Kore wa Zombie Desu ka?" ep. 11 at 11:24?
What is the origin of the names of the walls?
What does the title of Cowboy Bebop's eighth episode—"Waltz for Venus"—mean?
Which chapters does Tonari no Kaibutsu-kun anime cover?
What figures does the Chaos;Head protagonist have on his shelf?
What caused the difference between the good and true endings of Unlimited Blade Works?
What is the English translation of the letter (written in Japanese) in Anohana: The Movie?
Does Kojou Akatsuki have two kids?
What does K.Y. mean?
Is getting hit by Perishables/Food worse?
An action anime featuring guns about a boy and a girl who resolves a bus hijacking incident in one of the episodes
What is the bondage-like rope Yui Yuigahama from Oregairu is wearing?
What is the name of the song that is played during Frieza's regeneration in Dragon Ball Z : Resurrection F?
Why was Jellal Fernandes blindfolded?
Is there any proof that players really die in real life after dying in SAO?
Where is Ergastulum located?
Why did Tobi use Kurama in his attack?
A one shot shoujo manga about a girl who's afraid of boys
Dragon Ball Volume 1 colored and uncensored?
Are there any anime/manga award ceremonies outside of Japan?
To what extent are Momonga's underlings aware that he's "from a different world"?
What race/species is Narberal?
Is there any correlation between the CPU and CPU candidates' oppai sizes like there is with KanColle?
What are the real-life origins of CPU and CPU Candidates?
Is avatar Korra bisexual?
Where can I find Magical Taruruuto-kun?
Were Judeo-Christian religious references part of the "Akira" movie's original dialogue?
Sources for Christian themes and motifs in Naruto?
On the origins of the term "forced drama" as it is used in discourse about anime
What are the order of events between Fuka, Desco and Des-X?
Why did Ainz tell Aura not to set her alarm on her watch at 19:19 and 7:21?
Does Chika have a side effect?
Why does Kumagawa talk in Japanese quotation marks?
Do any of the other founders of the Dollars ever show up again?
What's the name of the insert song in Charlotte episode 5?
Why are the Gaichuu alcoholic?
What is the name of song that plays in Naruto Episode 29?
What anime is this girl with pink hair on a key chain from?
What's the name of the song in Naruto that plays in episode 203 at 0:43?
Why didn't Kenshin's master Hiko Seijuro fight Master Shishio?
In the Overlord LN, how did Shelltear get mind controlled? And by whom?
What does the position of "theme song assistance"(?) entail?
Anime about a girl who escapes torture?
Why Ran did not recognise Shinichi right away?
Is the story of Arakawa Under the Bridge that cuts off in anime continued in manga?
What was the moral of Sasuke and Orochimaru's arcs across the Naruto series? Was there any?
What is the name of the track playing in episode 14?
What were the circumstances surrounding Niekawa Haruna being "infected"?
What's with the "x" in "Hunter x Hunter" (and other anime/manga)?
What are Sage Beans in Dragon Ball Super?
What do Karisawa, Yumasaki, and Togusa do for a living?
Is Sasuke serious about rebuilding the Uchiha clan?
How and why do the characters speak Japanese?
Why did Killua kill the opponent of Leorio?
To what extent is Momonga living in the current world in which this anime is set?
Is Korin the only one able to grow Senzu Beans?
Can someone become immune to the Death Note by using plastic surgery?
Who is this group of people that have a beef with Shizuo?
Why is episode 12 of Kekkai Sensen severely delayed?
Hyperdimension Neptunia orderly list of dungeons appearance
Why did they separate Fate/Zero and Fate/Stay Night UBW into two season
Can you manipulate someone's thoughts with the death note?
Is Ussop based on Aesop?
Windows 10 OS-tan theme?
How did the Yu-Gi-Oh anime differ from the manga?
Why does the Chimera Ant bat suggest that water weakens sound?
How effective was the Geass Canceler?
Is there an official explanation for Cage of Eden's rushed ending?
Light novel, Chinese or Japanese about a low noble/commoner in a school for kids with magic powers
Can you manipulate someone's memories?
What is up with all those broken trees in the blue forest?
Do Kururi and Mairu swap chat handles?
How different is the story of the Hyperdimensional Neptunia remake?
In Terraformars, how was the transformation medicine classified by?
Who names the powers of Mangekyō Sharingan?
Why is it that the Skull Knight and Void are against each other?
Is there a direct connection between the characters' fates and the numbers on the helmets they wear?
What is EXEC_PAJA/.#Misya extracting?
Is there a particular café that does anime coffee art?
Can Sasuke use his Rinnegan to bring Jiraiya and Itachi back to life?
Who's the girl on the cover of chapter 67?
Why couldn't Kousei hear himself play?
Does anybody recognise this song from Princess Kaguya?
How was Kakashi Hatake able to survive and become the next Hokage after losing his Sharingan?
Why make filler episodes?
Which sign language is being used in the Gangsta anime?
What anime does this guitar-playing redhead girl come from?
What happens if citizens take off the PM?
How does Suigintou function without her torso?
What is the meaning behind the Episode names for the original season, Träumend and Ouvertüre?
What does W.I.S.E. stand for in Psyren?
What are the rules for Chrollo to steal an ability?
How does Tsumugi accelerate?
Why did Madara suddenly turn into Kaguya?
Why are llamas/alpacas so popular in anime?
Is Nen related to Haki?
Who is the biological mother of Gon?
What's the name of the music track that plays at 18:28 in Episode 150 of One Piece?
If you had two automail arms, could you still use alchemy?
How many people kiss Usagi in the Sailor Moon anime and manga respectively?
Which episode features Natsu joining Fairy Tail and Erza teaching him to write?
How is it that people in ALO didn't recognize Kirito?
In manga is there a name for exchange of dialogue between characters that makes a point?
In what order should I watch the various parts of Love, Chuunibyou & other Delusions?
Confusion about the naming of Aldnoah Zero's OST/opening/ending song titles
Soundtrack for Yamada-kun to 7-nin no Majo TV anime
Is it common for seiyū's to also be singers?
When do the events of Prince de la Bun take place?
What caused the scars on Black Jack's face?
What is this manga with a lion on its cover?
What is the name of this song used in the "shed tears of scarlet" scene of Cowboy Bebop?
Is there any information regarding Itachi's lover?
What movie could Trimmau have watched?
Does the Infinite Tsukyomi work only on the living?
What are the other # Areas of the Holy Empire of Britannia?
What was the meaning of Leo's chant on episode 10?
What's this visual novel with two girls cuddling?
How are Rikka's and Shichimiya's powers being affected?
What are the "Angels" called in the original Japanese version?
Whose autograph is this on a Sailor Moon pencilboard?
What is the song in Tokyo Ghoul with the discordant piano?
Do the specials of the manga Zetsuen no Tempest continue the story after the end of the manga? Are Yoshino and Hakaze going to end up together?
Was it ever explained why Vegito split back into Goku and Vegeta in Buu's body?
Discrepancies between Kishimoto and the Asura Path?
Has the creator been interviewed about when the Attack on Titan story takes place?
Is there enough evidence to conclude Hans is a fake brave?
How did so many people get away with cheating during the written portion of the Chunin Exam?
Series where girl will creep people out whenever she tries to smile
Is there any real world equivalent measurement to a Gomu Gomu?
Which level of Super Saiyan was Vegeta in Episode 8 of Dragon Ball Super?
What OST is played in episode 2 when Shinichi catches three rocks?
Are the mid-episode transitions in One Piece random?
How did Naruto restore Kakashi's left eye?
If Inori could destroy the virus by singing why didn't she do it before?
Why is Dragon Ball Super's animation quality so terrible?
Why is it that Goten and Trunks don't have tails?
What is the chronological order of the events in Sword Art Online Vol 1 and 2 and Sword Art Online Progressive?
What's the meaning of 'slice of life' animation?
Meaning of the term 'plotless'
Why don't Ikaros & Tomoki use more the Transport Cards to solve their problems?
What episode does this particular scene with a Takoyaki "song" occur?
What's inside the UFO Robot Grendizer Manga Kanzenban?
Why doesn't Kana's boss know about the Day of Flight?
Did Alicia really wear a wedding scarf at the end of Senjou no Valkyria (Valkyria Chronicles)?
Help me find this old bloody anime fantasy movie
Who has the biggest breasts in the Naruto series?
Did Hashirama have a son?
Can the Tailed Beasts produce offsprings?
What is carved into Toko's leg?
What is the name of the song Alex sings?
When did Erina learn that Yukihira's father was Joichiro?
Why does Dragon Ball Z have the letter Z in its title?
Why did the Rokka no Yuusha opening song change after episode 4?
What's the song they are playing before Kaneki sees the news reports in season 2, episode 9?
Why did Lelouch erase Shirley's memories of him?
Did Videl go Super Saiyan in Episode 9 of Dragon Ball Super?
How did Madoka essentially become the universe when all she wished for was to erase the witches before their creation?
Why is it that Beerus and Whis know Frieza but not Buu?
Are the events in this manga panel happening simultaneously?
How does detective Kagami's sister get killed?
Why did Igneel not attack Acnologia on Tenrou Island?
How was Sayaka able to join Madoka in the Law of Cycles after her death?
How do Soul Gems get corrupted over time in Madoka Magica?
Why does Kyoko come to the city in Madoka Magica?
How do I figure out the contents of doujinshi?
How was Amalgam planning to achieve their ultimate goal?
In the manga, how did Asako contact Ushio from within the sea serpent?
Did Ryu have an affair or was it Maki?
Why does Saitama have such a simplistic design while others characters are so amazingly detailed?
Who is fixing the Going Merry?
Are Vegito and Gogeta canon?
What's the meaning of the 'Out' suffix in "Mental Out" and "Skill Out"?
Why were Sayaka and Kyoko fighting in the beginning, and what caused them to eventually end up as friends?
When Kyoko overloaded her soul gem to kill Sayaka's witch form, did Kyoko then also become a witch?
Were Frank and all the yellow aliens just part of Yuri?
How did Toshinou Kyouko's personality change?
Is the author of Deadman Wonderland also the author of Smokin Parade?
Why didn't anyone question how Misa Misa killed Kaneboshi?
Two-armed Shanks after he saves Luffy
Is there a Fish-Fish no mi?
Mechanics of the Inuyasha love triangle?
Who is this brown-haired witch on a broomstick?
Does "Arcus Cultus Aegeas" mean anything?
Is the plot of the Mega Evolution specials related to the rest of the Pokémon anime?
Is the book "Anyone Can Easily PK" by Punitto Moe real, or does it only exist in Overlord?
MMO RPG anime are great! Is this a new trend, or are there older anime in this genre?
Does Mine die in Akame ga Kill! manga?
Why does Sayaka stab herself?
How can Hyouma see and use Gennosuke's technique when he permits to do so?
Why are there no new chapters of Naruto Gaiden?
Who exactly is Selim Bradley?
How exactly does the Sword of Akasha work?
Are the Symphogear activation chants translatable?
What is this in-game artwork of Monokuma referencing?
How exactly was Kyousuke able to defeat Kengo's father in a kendo match?
What was Naruko writing in her notebook during class in Anohana episode 6?
Why aren't characters' names in Fullmetal Alchemist Japanese?
Is it possible that Goku is more powerful than Beerus in Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan form?
Was the "Cake Song" released in a soundtrack?
What did the girls from Usagi Team watch on Final Eve?
What are the differences between Super Saiyan God and Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan?
Is there a reason Gotou and Menthuthuyoupi look so similar?
Is the painting in Jatoro's room a reference to an existing work?
How are the characters connected to the original game in Danganronpa:UDG?
Is Yonezawa Sachiko inspired by Misawa Sachika?
How much does the spider-girl show up in MonMusu?
Where does the title "Plastic Neesan" come from?
Mikoto started at Level 1. Is she a Gemstone or a kid with 'idiosyncracies', or neither?
What is Marisa doing underground with a device on her back?
In Girl, why does the main character freak out over the couple?
Is Sera's Brother Shukichi Haneda?
What did the past winners of the Holy Grail Wars wish for?
What was the concert program for Symphogear Live 2012?
Why didn't the SSS create powers like Tachibana Kanade (Tenshi) did?
What kind of food is Erina's father talking about?
Apps for offline manga reading
In season 2, how did Koichi manage to obtain Aoi Tsunemori's ear?
What is the total runtime of One Piece up to this point?
Who is the Seventh Sin?
When did the transition from standard definition (4:3) to widescreen (16:9) for television anime happen?
What makes an S-ranked shinobi?
Does this non-human have any significance?
Why didn't Naruto pass the academy exam when Lee was able to?
In what order should the Aquarion series be watched?
Who is the narrator in Rainbow?
Where is the title of Spice and Wolf from?
What does "W.C" on Izumi Curtis's slippers mean?
Bear attacks siege engine (Trying to find name of anime)
Does Naruto ever hold the rank of chūnin?
What was the first anime to come out on Bluray/HDDVD?
Why do the English dubbed Madoka movies have a static movie menu and not an animated one like the English subbed one?
Did Monet's Yuki-Yuki fruit turn her into a harpy?
In the male quarters, how exactly does the male crew of the Thousand Sunny sleep?
Are there any Japanese words for "deport" and "incest" that sound similar enough for a bird brain to confuse?
In Monster anime, what made Johan so special?
Is Kazuki Nakashima a mangaka?
Why should I skip the first episode of Gungrave?
What is a "character song"?
Is Erza's samurai costume considered an armor?
Who are the basis for the characters in Shikkoku no Sharnoth
When I use online manga readers, does the mangaka get any income from it?
Why does Madhouse produce anime with consistently high-quality animation?
What about Yukihira Soma's mother?
Which musical piece is this from Code Geass?
What is the origin of the "this is a work of fiction" explanation? Is it a trope?
Tokyo ghoul's Kaneki's change in hair color
Why does "Shokugeki no Soma" get so many full colored chapters?
How much of the Amagi Brilliant Park light novel was adapted into the anime?
Who is Mizuki in SawanoHiroyuki[nZk]:mizuki?
How well did the Sky Wizards Academy BD/DVD sell in Japan?
What was the history of the Tailed Beasts (Bijuu) before the formation of the Hidden Villages?
A plothole in Death Note The Last Name?
What is the skill Naruto used in the last movie?
Are ex-CP-9 members present in CP-0?
Can an Uchiha master Sage Mode?
Song Identification Request, Touhou?
Does the winner of the election become king immediately?
How many people have worn the straw hat, if only for a second?
In what order should I watch the Death Note movies?
What does this Treaty have to do with Ecchi Girls?
What happens to Obito after the 5 minutes of intangibility?
How could Otosaka Yuu remember his imprisonment if it happened in another timeline?
Why is Bleach called what it is?
Waiting in the Summer and Onegai Sensei seem to plagiarise each other. Is this normal in anime/manga?
What was the first anime/manga/light novel to accurately represent Japanese school life?
What did Guy say in his fight vs Madara?
Why is Sanji wanted alive only?
What is this time machine gag referencing?
Does Tsunemori still try to catch Kougami at the end of the movie?
Why is Souma's hand steaming and burnt looking?
In which Death Note manga chapter does L die?
An anime about a samurai who has extended canines
Why is Bertolt's Titan form so much bigger than the other Titan Shifters?
Are you considered a "weaboo" if you watch too much anime?
An unfamiliar logo "uap" on the DVD label
For anime series without source material, can the plot be changed while airing?
What proof do we have that Waiting in the Summer and Onegai Sensei (and Twins by proxy) are set in the same Earth?
What's the name of the song that played in the last few minutes of episode 13 of Charlotte?
What's this piece of music that plays in the 2nd season of Sekaiichi?
What happened to the original English dubs of Lupin III by Streamline Pictures?
What's the name of the song at the end of No. 6 episode 4?
How did Xandes survive?
Why is it that cursed children are all female?
Did the Hayate no Gotoku anime adapt the manga closely?
Is Akaza Akari the same grade as Toshinou Kyouko and Funami Yui?
Should I know who Tsutsukawa Azusa is as of the end of Durarara!! ×2 Ten?
What did Izaya hire Vorona to do?
Why do Maeda Jun productions so frequently feature baseball?
When did Luffy meet his father again in person?
Who came first? Pokemon or Digimon?
How much of the novel is covered in the anime?
What does the word "Akarin" mean?
What's the name of this song from Episode 16 of Shingeki no Kyojin?
How many chapters does the Toradora! manga have so far?
What is the relation between Strike The Blood and Strike The Blood EX?
What does the crystal represent in the new Naruto Op (ep 432)
In Attack on Titan, how did the river barge escape Shiganshina in episode 2?
Should I watch the K movie ("Missing Kings") before watching the second season ("Return of Kings")?
Is Cocona a Reyvateil?
Where does the 'lewd' meme come from?
How much is known about the Skypiea alternative path?
What is this manga about a male high schooler who just ridiculously excels at everything?
How much was Sawako's guitar worth?
Metaphor and Symbolism in The Story of "The God of Peace"
What is the source of the Dragon Ball Saiyan bond folklore?
Did Bartholomew Kuma intend to send the crew to different places or was it by chance?
How did Homura strip Madoka's divine powers in Rebellion?
How was Homura able to lure all of the magical girls into her labyrinth in Rebellion?
How was Sayaka able to retain her memories during Rebellion?
What is the song playing during battle scenes when Ushio calls the Beast Spear?
Is there any website providing script from mangas in textual format?
In which episode does Kakashi think Naruto is his sensei?
What are the credits for "Doubutsukee" in K: Missing Kings for?
Is the fictional script in Comet Lucifer decipherable?
Is Higurashi Kai of horror genre?
Why was the straw hat passed to Shanks and then to Luffy?
Why did Historia's mother hate and reject her?
Is there any explanation for Whitebeard's Crescent-shaped mustache?
Was Triage X supposed to end after only 10 episodes?
Why did Johan want to commit suicide?
How is Goku able to survive in Space?
Was Luffy able to activate/experience Kenbunshoku Haki in the War of the Best?
Why did Luffy react to Nami's body, but not to Hancock's?
Why does Ed not pursue the origin of the fake Philosopher's stone used by Cornello?
Why are Kakyoin and Polnareff so pleased about knowing the same hand signals?
What does Shoko say to Yuzuru in chapter 12?
How can Kyros run so fast?
When will the Naruto: Shippuden English dubbed version resume production?
Who died in One Piece?
Is there any official list of people that Zoro had captured or killed as a pirate hunter?
Power of The Floor Guardians
Rub a dub dub, Thanks for the grub
Why does Yuri hate Kanata?
Do the runes appear in-universe?
How deep do the parallels with "The Lady who Loved Insects" run?
Why is Roa's appearance in the Hisui route different from that in "Near Side of the Moon"?
How are volumes determined in manga?
Why is part of Tenjin's hat transparent?
Who are the characters on the two secret rubber straps for season one?
How is the rarity of Devil Fruits determined in One Piece?
What are the characteristics of a "tsundere"?
Has Naruto's less-than-stealthy costume been explained in-universe?
Where should I start the Tokyo Ghoul manga from?
Roronoa Zoro's sense of climate/aura/motion and other observation capabilities
Why were people raised as food in Gundam: G Reconguista?
Can Natsu eat fire from objects he burns?
What music is being played at around 7:15 in Episode 10 of Gangsta?
Is there any significance in Mr. Tanaka's chibified form?
Why did the Yu-Gi-Oh! anime change the dueling boxes/tables used in Duelist Kingdom to large platforms?
Difference between Fate/Stay Night and Fate/Stay Night UBW?
Why can Owl speak?
How are weapons formed?
What is the block used to symbolize the end of a chapter called?
Why didn't the experimentation for the 13-day rule push through?
Questions about nationalities and languages in Death Note
Why didn't L check for fingerprints or hair?
Was Misa accessible to Light in the way that this proposition assumes?
Is it true that Luffy's mother has been shown in the series?
What happened to the second kira?
In Soul Eater, does Soul ever become a death scythe? If so, which episode?
Why were Luffy, Zoro, and Usopp surprised when they saw the Dragon from Punk Hazard?
How does Araragi know Ougi in Mayoi Jiangshi?
What's the name of the track that plays in One Piece Episode 630 from 13:30 - 14:00?
Who do the other names on the list of idols in episode 2 refer to?
Are "Guren no Tsuki" and "Honoo no Kokuin" set in the same continuity?
What is the seventh clan?
Do the Wammy's House members speak to each other in English?
How is a tengu born in kamisama hajimemashita?
What is the background music from episode 50 of Hajime no Ippo?
What would have happened if Brook Died from eating a Second Devil Fruit?
Why did Shun want Maria to die?
Are Blessing Spirits mutants as well?
Why was Yoshimi killed?
What are the real world locations for the Districts mentioned in From the New World?
How many total BDs and DVDs did The Virgin Witch Maria (Junketsu no Maria) sell?
What is the name of the song at the start of K: Return of Kings?
Is use of schools' rooftops a common thing in Japanese culture or just a cliché?
How many characters in One Piece know what happened in the Void Century?
Why does Black Jack charge exorbitant fees?
Does the Ethics Committee control all of Japan?
Why did Eren have a flashback about titans in episode 1?
How much do mangaka profit from anime or merchandise sales?
Is it possible to wield a weapon similar to Lubbock's?
Does the "Soul Eater NOT" anime or manga have any appearances of the original Soul Eater Character?
How much time have the Straw Hats spent with each other?
Did Whitebeard know where the One Piece is located?
Can Lucy still call her Celestial Spirits?
How many transformations does Chopper have after time skip?
Is there a flaw in the ease of access to One Piece?
What does the print on Franky's shirt mean?
Is hand draw animation fading?
Why are these animes called so? (something;something)
Tokyo Ghouls Third Season
One Piece song on episode 548 at around 5:12
Was all Hitler wanted world peace?
Where do I go to purchase Chinese manhua?
Why does Vegeta tolerate Android 18?
Why would Hinata leave Naruto in 'The Last'?
How can Obito use his Mangekyo so often?
What kind of flavour do Devil Fruits have?
Why is Suigintou's title "Mercury Lamp?"
What anime is this doll from?
Why Hyde Park become Haido Park?
What is the name of the ZHIEND song in the middle of episode 13?
What is the tattoo on Monkey D Dragon's face?
What is the name of the anime with the little rude monkey with the golden diadem
Anime reviewers refer to "art" and "animation" separately. What does each one refer to?
Why does Law want to kill Kaido?
What is the song played at 6:54 in the 5 episode of Parasyte - the Maxim?
What's the difference between Sky Walk and Geppo?
Who ended up placing fourth in block A of the autumn preliminaries?
What is Hayama Akira's ethnicity supposed to be?
What is the meaning of "deculture?"
Is it normal to 'erase' a seiyu?
How can Lelouch use his geass on so many people?
Are there any other Leg Style combatants other than Okamas, Sanji and Zeff?
Who do I contact regarding rights licenses of specific manga/anime characters?
When should I watch the two latest Naruto movies?
Why didn't Ban look for Elaine instead of staying in prison?
Why is the average number of suspects three or more in Detective Conan?
Is there a significant difference in production costs for Live Action vs animated OP/ED?
What Gundam series should I watch/read for Dynasty Warriors Gundam?
Who and what are the members of CP 0?
Where does the anime take place?
An old anime with a red haired female main character and a guy with an invisible sword
Where can I read Bleach legally?
How did Jora get inside of the birdcage?
Is there an out-of-universe reason for the Gundam series mech head designs?
Is there a name for the abbreviated (usually three syllable) title?
Is there any special episode of Conan and Kindaichi working together?
Who do you have to contact to obtain a license to stream manga?
Origins and information about the song "Kokoronashi"
After seeing Sailor Moon Crystal, will I miss anything by skipping the first two seasons of the original anime?
Comparison of Noir and Phantom
Why does a Devil Fruit's power nullify only if the user is knocked unconscious and not when he sleeps?
Who is captain Jack?
Can you conditionally kill someone with the death note?
What is typically done when a voice actor for an ongoing series passes away?
Why doesn't Usopp create great weapons for himself?
Is Blackbeard ever shown having Whitebeard's jolly roger on his back?
What does this katakana above Black Star's autograph say in episode 2 of Soul Eater?
Why is Dragon Ball Z's Blu-ray ending in English? Where can I find the original Japanese ending credits?
Old Anime (similar to Pokemon) that involved going to different places (/times?) and capturing monsters in their eggs?
Does Anri know that Mikado is the leader of Dollars or part of the Dollars?
How can I subscribe to Weekly Shonen Jump outside Japan?
Is there a reason for the notches on the blades?
Why did Lelouch kill Clovis and not Cornelia?
What characters are these scantily-clad guys cosplaying as?
Why did Mavis lend Fairy Glitter magic to Cana?
Who is Takashi's dad/mom?
Can Mikumo Megane-kun be considered a shonen anti-hero?
Why are post offices always a target for robbers in anime?
What exactly is Devil Summoning?
Does Kyoukai no Kanata anime adapt light novel closely?
Does the symbol on the bodies of the damned have any real-world significance?
Hellsing soundtrack − Unexpected incident
What is the one eyed mask in Noragami?
Were all fairies exterminated?
Are all works of Seo Kouji set in the same world but in different timelines?
How can I find out when new English Dubbed One Piece episodes will be released?
What is the other goal Zoro mentions in the Alabasta arc?
What makes an object 0.5th generation?
What happened to Kirakishou in chapter 66 of Rozen Maiden Tales?
Is there a database for translated Drama CD Scripts?
What does Yuuma want to do on Earth?
Whats's the order of K-project manga?
What phenomenon are at play such that the "Big Four" are limited to four and not a growing list?
If the government wants to hide what happened during the void history why won't they just destroy the Poneglyph stone instead?
Manga where a daughter pays off her father's debt?
Why the Sword Ban?
Sword Ban is world-wide or universal-wide?
What does Kanzaki Nao do?
Who is this girl in a blue witch costume and braids cosplaying as?
Why didn't Kizaru engage Beckman in the Marineford War?
Why does Levi wear Titan Pajamas?
Is Vivi's Peacock Slasher based on a real life weapon?
What does it mean when Kenshin says 'oro'?
What happened with Akane in the manga? Did something like this happen in the novel?
What are the red waves around fighters?
What might be the real life inspiration of Oda behind writing One Piece?
What is the meaning behind the colors in the episode titles of Kyoukai no Kanata?
Why did Hiruzen Sarutobi become the third Hokage again?
Where did the "Not this shit again" bad sub meme originate from?
Did Hana Hana no Mi give the user superhuman strength?
Does Saitama still continue his training?
Which clockwisality should the swastika be in Bleach-related contexts?
Can Sea-Stone objects be given Demon Fruit powers?
Who is this character in One Punch Man?
Why is the Monokuma's eye in the school crest?
Is Eruru Hakuoro's daughter?
Unknown song from Gakkou Gurashi
Why does Mikoto's Sword of Damocles break every time he uses it?
How old is Winry in Fullmetal Alchemist?
What happened to the Death Note?
Straw Hat Luffy gonna destroy the Fishman Island?
Why did Miss Monochrome become a bear?
Does the Death Note corrupt the mind of a human user?
Why are there new airbenders in Avatar?
How can I easily find all languages a show has been dubbed into?
Is Pip Bernadotte dead in Hellsing?
Is Garp the only Vice Admiral to have a customized ship?
How do they serialize manga in Japan?
What does Tanaka do?
Are people from Shandia originally from Sky Island?
Where did Cecianiah Corabelle come from?
Is Ash's Pikachu stronger than regular Pikachu?
What's the order of Pokémon manga?
What is the name of this romantic, comedy manga?
How could Uchiha Madara suddently use a new Jutsu he never used before?
Which is the most powerful summoning (effective and efficient)?
Is shiki fuujin a summoning jutsu?
If Yhwach has absorbed all of soul kings powers, does it mean that he absorbs Mimihagi and Ukitake as well?
Why did English dubbing anime companies stop dubbing anime songs?
What happens to a Peerage when their King is killed?
Why Tsunade-sama did not have wood element even though she was direct descendant of Senju Hashirama-sama?
The Fastest Ninja in Naruto?
Absorbing nin-jutsu chakra (technique)
Why was Edo Tensei Madara young, when he had died at an old age?
Are there ever any animals featured that aren't Pokémon?
Why couldn't he simply turn into fire and repair the damage?
How much of the manga did the Sankarea anime cover?
Is Digimon Tri canon?
Name of the song that plays in episode 6 and 21?
Which mountain did they try to climb over?
Does Ciel Phantomhive ever kill anyone?
Why did the older Tetsujin brother become shorter in the anime?
What did Yuji do to his sister Kazuki?
Who is this ghost from episode 8 of Shingeki! Kyojin Chuugakkou?
Is it safe for me to watch Shingeki! Kyojin Chuugakkou as an anime-only viewer?
Does Yuu Otosaka remember everyone at the end of episode 13?
How much did Date A Live anime cover the Light Novel?
What is Jinta and Ururu's Identity?
Is there a real version of "Understanding People's Feelings" series (the book series Sai reads)?
How did the Straw Hat crew become stronger in Enies Lobby?
Does writing an alias in the Death Note count as misspelling the name?
Do apples grow on trees in the Shinigami realm?
A Manga About Four Princesses in A Kingdom around the Middle East
Identification of a feudal era / demon protagonist manga
How does the Devil Fruit user know how to activate their power?
Why do first, second, and third grade of Japanese students wear different uniform in Anime?
Song played on "Parasyte The Maxim" Episode 6 at time 16min30s
Are these paper figures actually Origami?
Was it necessary for the Kais to let Gohan's energy be drained for Buu?
Why didn't anyone in the school notice that Natsume is actually a female?
In the visual novel of Clannad, how many after stories are there?
Help me find an old anime film
I want to start getting into Yu-Gi-Oh! where should I start?
Are there other Sharingan users who can copy other jutsu besides Kakashi?
Why is blood needed to sign a summoning contract and to use the summoning jutsu?
Who is Lola's mom in the New World?
What was that giant shadow with the glowing red eyes at the end of the Thriller Bark arc?
After leaving the marines why did Aokiji join forces with pirates?
Does the Vampire Knight manga have additional story that the anime doesn't?
What is the name of this manga with a girl pretending to be a mermaid?
Does the title of Bobobo-bo bobo-bo mean anything?
What is the symbol/tattoo on Sebastian's hand?
What's with the huge supernova-like explosions in anime?
Is Bardock dead?
Why is the written language inconsistent throughout One Piece?
What's the name of the manga with a girl who has two bodyguards?
Who is this woman called Hikari?
Why did Bibidi seal Buu?
Why weren't Hikari and Takeru with the 2nd generation Digi-destined in Digimon Tri?
Why does no one notice the 2nd generation Digi-destined in Digimon Tri?
Why haven't the 2nd generation Digi-destined (excluding Hikari and Takeru) aged?
What is depicted on the gate shown in episode 63 of Brotherhood?
Is there any explanation for how Akihiko Kayaba managed to trap everyone in SAO?
In what order should I watch Afro Samurai?
Is there any API available for Naruto?
How do people set up sites like MangaReader and MangaFox? Aren't they illegal?
What does the epitaph on Alexander Row's tombstone say?
How many people knows about Kazehaya Kamito's secret?
Would Infel has disappeared if she and Nenesha succeeded?
How much time did it take Yuu Otosaka to fulfill his promise to Tomori?
Are the characters based on real people?
Can Nico Robin really reveal the void century?
What music plays at 4:50 of FMA Brotherhood episode 61?
Is Conqueror's Haki Indiscriminate?
How does Mugino Shizuri's Meltdowner beam work?
What disease did Kenshin and Kaoru catch that killed them?
Is Madara's Ten Tails Jinchuriki Mode a complete form?
Is there a standard energy consumption on the usage of Devil Fruit powers?
Why didn't anyone find the explosion tags hidden in Konoha earlier?
Are Levi and Mikasa siblings?
Why is manga typically created with screentones rather than grayscale fills?
Why didn't Luffy and Zoro fight back against Bellamy in Mock Town?
What is the music playing in episode 14, when Gowther was talking about the cycles in the cave?
Why is it expensive to create realistic faces in the anime industry?
Who are these female anime figures in military-style clothing?
What is the background about the tattoo around Jellal's eye?
How did the Third know Yamato's name?
What is the status of the Valvrave the Liberator English Dubs?
How does the Install Port appear when a girl becomes a Reyvateil?
Where is Claire's, Luca's, Cloche's, Frelia's and Mir's Install Ports?
What is the name of the sound track played in Episode 296 of One Piece at 21:48?
Did Yato cut Hiyori's ties to the Far-Shore in episode 6 of Aragoto?
What is the actual meaning of "denpa"?
Why is Gohan shown to be so weak in Dragon Ball Super?
What is the reason behind this strange censorship of a specific scene in Tokyo Ghoul?
Why does Naruto get a cloak from the Nine Tails while other Jinchuriki don't?
How does Vegeta become a Super Saiyan Blue?
Why didn't Madara use Izanagi to counter Kaguya?
Why would Luffy chant "Gomu Gomu No" every time he is attacking? Is it mandatory to chant the corresponding fruit name for every devil's fruit user?
Where does Kirito get his new gear?
In which episode does Saeko ask Ryo out?
Where did it become known that Rin's and Len's names have different first letters?
What character is missing from Lio Shirazumi's name to allow him be called Lion?
When and where can we order/buy region-free DVD/Blu-Ray of Digimon Adventure tri.?
Where is this dark-haired girl in lingerie from?
What exactly is the deal with Black Blades?
Is Jun openly homosexual?
Why does Nora's darkness/corruption not affect Yato (or any other God that has named her, for that matter)?
Why do the Survey Corps kill this character?
Anime about a boy who collects memory fragments so that princess will remember him
Why didn't Frieza know about Goku and Kid Buu's fight?
What is meaning of "Brush Your Teeth. -- Unripe Fruit" in Hunter x Hunter?
Is there a "snot-nosed kid" trope?
Why is Hiiro a Nora?
Motorcycle information? Ryoko Hakubi I think,
What happened to Sanji in Zou?
Mecha anime with a "mind control virus"
Why was Afro's imaginary friend, 'Ninja Ninja', a ninja?
Souma now a Elite 10 after beating Eizan?
What is the name of the musical piece that plays in One Piece episode 722 at 13:54?
What's the song used when previewing the next episode of Fairy Tail?
How and how much do the dolls know about the other dolls?
Why did Funami Yui accuse Toshinou Kyouko of playing dirty?
What is the name of the song that plays in One Piece episode 722 at 12:28?
Why are ghouls' eyes red?
Anime about a boy getting chased through a school?
Are there any prequels to 5 Centimeters Per Second?
Are there differences between Web Novel, Light Novel and Manga of Mushoku Tensei?
Why don't anime seasons have a standard amount of episodes?
What is the name of this action anime involving magic that I had watched about a couple of years ago?
Can Blight be cured with any kind of water?
Identification of the soundtrack that plays just before the ending of Naruto Episode 5?
What is the name of the song that plays in Noragami Aragoto Episode 10 during the Okinunishi scene?
Who are the 7 Heroines of Bonyari High?
Where does the character from this poster come from?
Is there any relation between the Bar name 'Quindecim' and the Bartender 'Decim'?
How did Shimada Die?
What order should the Fairy Tail volumes/chapters be read in? And how to read labelling "Fairy Tail 465 - 400 Years"?
Why did Kazuki Takahashi stop creating manga after Yu-Gi-Oh?
How was Holo unfair in this argument in volume 9?
What is the name of the song that plays at ~7:25 in Episode 18 of Try?
How can two pucks be used at the same time in air hockey?
Is there something like the Academy Awards for anime?
Why don't Harlequin and Elaine have wings?
What is the music that plays in episode 46 of Shippuden
What does "K-On!" refer to in the series?
Were any of Houkago Tea Time's songs described or referred to in the manga?
Why does Mir appear inside Cloche's Cosmosphere
Did Haruhi MEAN to Cross-dress?
Why aren't people leaving Hellsalem's Lot?
How come we never saw Dragons leaving the body of the Dragon Slayers in Fairy Tail (2014)?
What is Shanks' sword made of?
Is Miss Monochrome's voice computer edited?
When did Oda state that a future member of the Straw Hats would be a previous enemy?
Can SpaceTime Jutsu users do time travel?
How did Spandam become the leader of CP9?
Find a manga about a boy who uses heavy hammer as weapon
What order do I watch the Minami-ke series?
How did Brook know what his devil fruit was?
Manga about a city of murder between people with superpowers
Did Luffy know who Sogeking is?
What Anime is this about a Female Arms Dealer with a bodyguard who hates her?
Why did Kakashi's Sharingan fade after Obito died?
What is the Gundam anime and movies and OVA order?
What is the relation between Dr. Kureha and Gol D. Roger?
Why are anime girls drawn without pubic hair?
When did Luffy say: "Forgetting is like a wound.The wound may heal, but it has already left a scar."?
About Lelouch and Nunnally during and soon after the invasion of Japan
Why did Lelouch and Nunnally allow themselves to be seen in public?
On Lelouch's grudge
What do these lines mean in manga?
Why does Moral shoot through a pillow?
Why is Natsume Desperate
How much did the Highschool DxD anime adapt the light novel?
Was Sailor Moon edited in the English version?
How was Marin returned to his normal state?
Why does Hori treat her father so bad?
Why did Orochimaru go for Sasuke instead of Naruto?
Why is the anime named "Baccano!"?
Were the Arbiters previously humans?
Can't find the name of this anime for the life of me!
What is the difference between Shonen'ai, JUNE, Yaoi and Boys' love?
What is the equivalent of "seme" and "uke" in yuri culture?
What manga/webtoon was the author referring to in his notes on chapter 113 of The Gamer?
Did Vegeta and Bulma really get married in Dragon Ball?
Why does MAGES. say "music animation game event school" backwords?
Where did the "# years of pain" originate from?
Why are Japanese manga not coloured unlike Korean Manhwa?
Is this picture of Oshino Ougi light novel art or fanart?
What's the reading order of the God Eater manga?
Has it ever been stated that One Piece is some kind of material treasure?
What is the source of Saitama's enormous power?
What airs on TV in Japan during the break between the fall and winter anime season?
Did Naruto's children inherit Kurama's chakra?
Why was Ebisu killed by the Pacification Ring?
What does this grinning gesture signify?
What are the swastikas on the car's navigation supposed to represent?
How many students are there at Hagun Academy?
Girls und Panzer sensha-do vehicle regulations - mix & match mods?
How does Hiyori figure out Yato's real name?
What did Tsunozaki Taki say?
What happens to tailed beast if jinchuriki dies?
Who are those people with shark teeth in GTO?
Why is the hair of Howl was colored black when he was young?
What's Up With the Dancing Shadows?
Why don't they complete all anime episode before airing?
Why wouldn't everyone be S rank?
Why did Animax stop broadcasting "Naruto: Shippuden" in India?
Why were no Naruto movies released in India?
How did Yuno become alive again?
How is Louise what she is in the Red Garden OVA: Dead Girls?
Raye Penber's fiancée's part opens up a loophole in DeathNote
How did Nora return from the Underworld despite being left there by Yato?
What does the disk that fell on the ground contain?
What states besides Japan have a/the Sibyl System?
Which episode is this from where Fear is being bound?
Which chapter of the One Punch Man webcomic should I start on after seeing the anime?
What are the reference of Heaven's Lost Property to the Greek Mythology?
What is the story behind Nene Sakurada's rabbit coming to life in Crayon Shin Chan?
Name of the song in episode 11 of Nanatsu no Taizai (The Seven Deadly Sins)?
Why was Pikachu chosen to be the main Pokemon of the anime?
Where did the anime trope of "clothing damage"/"clothes being torn" originate?
Why didn't Goku choose Android 18 for the tournament instead of Piccolo?
What was that thing Edward and Alphonse created when they attempted human transmutation?
What is the purpose of Zero's tattoo?
How was Heathcliff able to use the 'assist mod' mid-battle?
Did OreGairu anime adapt the Light Novel closely?
What anime is this girl kicking someone from?
Is Manaka and Hikari more deeply connected to the Sea God and the Lady Jojoshi?
What has Montblanc Noland done for the Tontatta Kingdom for him to be called a hero?
Why is Momo Hinamori even a vice-captain?
What is the name of this manga which is featured in the credits page of a manga scanlated by Serenus Dreamers?
Was SAO originally designed to be community-driven?
How are anime soundtracks made for a story?
Do the citizens of Academy City know about magic?
Is there any biographical information available about Yoshihisa Tagami creator of Grey?
Why did Fatima not wear any clothes?
Are there any other known members of Anbu: Root, apart from Sai and Danzou?
What was the song Kousei played after "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star" in episode 3?
Is Mavis of Fairy Tail really a ghost?
Is Zodom a Virus?
Can't remember name of anime movie
Can Natsu Dragneel use Dragonforce and Lightning flame Dragon mode at the same time?
In the Bleach manga, does Byakuya really die in Bleach 502?
How could the Yamato make it back in time?
How old is Himura Kenshin?
Does Akatsuki Nagisa knows that Akatsuki Kojou is the Fouth Progenitor?
Why is Okosan the only one without a Human representation?
What is the name of the song in episode 9 starting around 10:37?
What are the options for watching Sgt. Frog / Keroro Gunso after episode 78, subtitled or dubbed, without resorting to unlicensed copies?
Has Zoro attacked with "Three Thousand Worlds" in the time between Baratie and Dressrosa?
In what order do the Hyperdimension Neptunia games go (including the animation)?
Why doesn't Sasuke use his Sharingan to learn Naruto's Rasengan?
Why doesn't Kabuto Yakushi have the curse mark?
Fairy Tail's Aquarius can still materialize?
Is One Piece named after Gol D. Roger discovered it?
Confusing power level multiplier
Reason for the change in the eye colour of Naruto
What are the blue downward lines in used to symbolize depression or sadness called?
Are there any significant differences between reading mangas as compared to watching the animation?
Gender of person who sings Bleach's eleventh opening (Anima Rossa)?
Why didn't the writer reveal the contents of the disk that fell on the ground?
Why didn't Kamesenin just chose to destroy the saiyan space ship when Vegeta and Nappa was on their way to earth?
What are goku and Vegeta talking about?
Explanation is needed at the end of Corpse Party - Tortured Souls OVA
What are the similarities between Gol D. Roger and Monkey D. Luffy? Are they related by blood? What are their relatives' ages?
Why does Piccolo bleed two colours?
Are there more Titan Shifters unknown as of now?
Can the Naruto manga be ordered in India?
What is this anime that was shown in Akira?
What are the positions "CA", "TK", and "AP"?
What are the original sculptures of the Sekko Boys?
What is the Gol D. Roger's ability 'To hear the voice of all Things' that Rayleigh is talking about?
How can somebody have so many talents?
The real world location of Akiba Dome
Was Naruto controlled by the Nine Tailed Fox?
How old were Minato and Kushina when they died in Naruto?
Where can I buy "Snow White with the Red Hair" manga in English?
Is Bakuman realistic?
At which point in the series should I watch the The Last: Naruto the Movie and Boruto: Naruto the Movie?
Need help in identifying movie with a boy who can turn into a tree, and a girl from centuries ago
What is the reason for the change in Nami's Seiyuu for a short period of time (Japanese Dub)?
Is Bakuman based on the real life story of the author or the people he knew?
Is celestial spirit magic exclusive to females?
Why does Frieza want to kill Goku?
Why did the Akatsuki wait for 3 years before resuming their mission of gathering the Tailed Beasts?
What is gap moe?
Has there been any information about more One-Punch Man episodes being released?
In Revolutionary Girl Utena, what's the power to revolutionize the world?
What's the name of instrumental music played at 19:50 in episode 5 of season 1 of Tokyo ghoul?
Who is the uniformed guy in this Owarimonogatari end card?
What anime is this female anime figure in blue uniform from?
Why is Gintama's episode 305 full of contradictions?
Who is the first school idol group ever featured in anime?
Where can I buy Majo x Kamikakushi?
Is there any particular reason behind why Dressrosa is such a long arc?
Has Miyazaki's Future Boy Conan ever been licensed for US release?
What is the Japanese release date of Evangelion: 3.0+1.0?
Are Ainz and his servants still leveling in the New World?
In Laputa, does "バルス" have any meaning or etymology?
Please help me identify this show about a time-travel romance similar to The Girl who Leapt Through Time.
How did Zeff really lose his leg?
If Kurama is the living embodiment of hatred, then what about the other Tailed Beasts?
Why does Mars propose Ishimoto to call her Mottie?
Are the Chuunibyou light novels still going?
Is there a Sword Art Online/Accel World crossover?
In episode 2 why is baka captioned with "Dick Suck"?
How does online anime streaming work within Japan?
Is there any connection between the Doupo Cangqiong and Da Zhu Zai and Wu Dong Qian Kun Chinese Web Novels?
Do any magical girls survive beyond adolescence?
What is a Tokyo Raven?
Does Inuyasha stop at episode 183?
Does Black Butler have other OVAs or seasons?
Is the girl waiting at the train station in Spirited Away from Grave of the Fireflies?
Why is One Punch Man considered a parody anime?
How did the first vampire come into existence?
Is the Mangekyou Sharingan capable of controlling only the Kyuubi or all the Tailed Beasts?
What is "digi-paint"?
In episode 13, what piece does Kousei play after he plays Liebesleid?
What type of Rasengan did Boruto used?
Is the English Pokemon theme song more well known than the Japanese version?
Which is the song Kanako (Meruru) sings?
What are these type of eyes called (see red hair girl on the left in image)?
How did Maria obtain her Gungnir Symphogear?
When & where did the unnatural hair color aka "You gotta have blue hair trope" originate?
How did Terrans gain information about the Mars knights' cataphracts?
What happen to Nana and Kakeru in The Knight in the Area after the anime ends?
Can this character be considered a slider? (Haruhi Suzumiya books 9&10 spoiler)
What is the relation between Steins;Gate and Steins;Gate 0?
Why Tachibana Hibiki's moves have no name?
How is Orochimaru able to use his arms?
Has the release date of Shingeki no Kyojin's second season been announced?
Why do the resurrected bodies disappear in the impure world resurrection jutsu?
I need a location to buy the eureka seven ao bracelet silver edition
Why the appearance of One Piece characters have goatee after time skip?
What is the meaning behind the scene where Saki fights a Tainted Cat?
Do all the snacks featured have real world counterparts?
In what episode of the anime does Natsu become a demon?
Is there a significance in the names of the artificial spirits?
Why does Madara give Nagato his Rinnegan?
Why are some characters shown to only eat one kind of food?
What is the logic behind Madara's plan A for his revival?
Where does Sanji get his endless supply of cigarettes from?
How much older are Obito and Rin than Kakashi?
Why is Utena able to beat other duelists?
Is the song name "U and I" supposed to be Ui's name?
What are the many references Dragon Ball Series makes to other franchises/people?
Naruto Shippuden at ep. 445 on Hulu, but movies are further. Is this due to the manga?
How old is Conan meant to be?
Why does Pokemon have a six Pokemon limit?
What is the Kamehameha wave made of?
Are half-blooded Saiyans stronger than pure-blooded Saiyans?
How does one start being a Pokemon Trainer without a Pokemon Professor?
Are there any gyms in the Anime/Manga where the Pokemon trainer has to first fight other trainers?
Is there any material relationship between "Pandora in the Crimson Shell" and "Ghost in the Shell"?
How do they power the fridge in the Going Merry?
Can Saitama breathe in space?
Are Coco and Jellal (aka Mystogan) siblings?
Where can I find piano sheet music for Sekaiichi Hatsukoi's OST 1 track 10?
What is this song that plays in Hunter x Hunter?
Is Lightspeed Flash faster than light?
How could Amagiri have eggs on him after he teleported with Brita?
Why do some anime not have an opening in the first episode?
What is this jazz song in the first episode of Gundam Thunderbolt?
Why are the episodes of Ooyasan Wa Shishunki so short?
Does Ash ever re-encounter his Butterfree after the Butterfree's Goodbye episode?
How do Ichijou and the rest of the students have powers?
How could Renzu Ioroi have had a grandchild if she had drank the whole Kouki?
Danganronpa - What is supposed to happen if there are 2 or 3 players left?
From which media does this redhead in lingerie painted on a car come?
Why did the Phantom Troupe let Gon and Killua go?
Why didn't the Dragon slayers disappear when the eclipse gate was destroyed?
When was the first shadow crocodile created?
What is so "un-tanuki-like" about the name Kaisei?
Why are crosses so popular in anime and manga?
Are any animation studios open to the public for tours?
Is ecchi used for humor or is it sexually playful?
Who is to say if someone is 'murdered'?
Can murders be committed by more than one person? Can there be more than one victim?
What happens in a drawn vote?
In Danganronpa, how can a classroom trial be called if there are only 2 witnesses available?
In Danganronpa, how can a classroom trial be called if there is no corpse?
Where can I watch the latest Pokemon Season 18 episodes subbed?
What anime does this girl greeting the KFC mascot come from?
Are all Cowboy Bebop's episodes named after songs?
Is Kaguya Ōtsutsuki an extraterrestrial being?
Are there different versions of the Captain Tsubasa anime?
Why was Palm sent on the mission to see the king and his guards?
Why did the show pause in episode 1?
Why does Kurotsuchi Mayuri wear makeup?
How did Latias transform in Pokémon Heroes?
How could Feyris send her message in the past if she was miles away from the phone microwave?
How exactly were the brothers tortured?
The piano piece played near the end of episode 3 of K: Return of Kings
Do the words used to transform into a Magical Girl actually mean anything?
Evangelion - What happened to the humans in space/astronauts during the 3rd impact?
Old Anime Series/OVA
Are the latest Naruto movies separated from the storyline?
Does making a TV anime series cost less than making a typical TV series?
In which episode of Golden Time did Koko say "I love you" to Banri on the school staircase?
Fight differences between One Punch Man anime/manga/webcomic?
What is the name of the song playing at 10:25?
Why is this person still alive in the ending?
When does Shirayuki return to Tamburum in the manga?
What's the viewing order of the Queen's Blade anime?
What are some free streaming services besides Crunchyroll which stream English Dubbed shows?
How many Naruto Shippuden dubbed episodes are there?
What was Naruto's chakra nature before Shippuden?
Will a person's first chakra nature always be the strongest?
Why does the website Anime Planet say that there are only 13 episodes of Natsume's book of friends, when CrunchyRoll has 39 episodes?
What action is Yashiro supposed to take?
Where and when Mugiwara Crew's new bounty poster taken?
Name or tag for kana phrase videos
Why did Itachi's amaterasu not burn the entire inn?
How did sorbet's laser gun pierce Goku?
Could Amaterasu be used without a sharingan by sealing it like Jiraiya did?
Are there censored or discarded Pokemon creatures and what are the motives behind it?
What breed is Enek?
What if a pokeball was lost and couldn't be opened?
What makes an anime a space opera?
Which OST plays in Nana whenever an emotional event occurs?
What song plays from 7:20 to 8:05 of FMA Brotherhood episode 5?
Who is Mir's Mind Guardian?
What are the anime/manga references in Gintama
What's the name of the instrumental music played when Yato releases Hiro in Noragami Aragoto Episode 13?
What is the song playing when Kallen is driving towards the convoy holding Suzaku?
Do Naruto and Sasuke lose their powers after the final battle?
How old was L in the Death Note series?
What is this animation style? I would call it "serious", but maybe gritty?
In which episode of the F/SN Unlimited Blade Works anime do we see Illya's body Command Seals?
Could a tailed beast become a Jinchuriki
Why is the leader of Tanuki Society a "Trick Meister"
Is there something special about Benten?
What anime/manga is this girl wearing a red beret from?
Which song is played in Akame ga Kill episode 1 at 1.34?
If Rory's halberd is that heavy, how does Itami pick her up and run?
Is Deidara a boy or a girl?
Which song is played in One Piece Episode 395 when Zoro loses his way?
Parasyte: the Maxim OST episode 13
Is it necessary for the Gym Leaders of a region to know each other?
What does Kakashi's Anbu mask represent?
Is Ritsu really necessary?
Has a second season of Mysterious Girlfriend X been announced?
Is there a single member of the Einzbern family who is a human being?
Where to find the song that is basically "next to you" played with a different instrument?
Why didn't Kazuya use his freezing ability against Chiffon?
Why did Gunzo spare Takao?
Where was it revealed that Jubstacheit is an A.I?
What drove the hotel cook to start attacking students?
Did Kakashi ever love Rin or at least feel anything for her?
Which parts of Franky's body have remained organic?
Did Paulie own any additional abilities to perform his rope attacks?
Why didn't Makishima spread the video of the Sibyl system?
Which music plays while Onodera is imagining sitting at a table with a cake?
Was Croix and his party the only ones to enter Frelia's Binary Field?
Confused as to why ANBU agents are so easy to kill off
What does Hondo Eisuke mean when he says, "I think I stood up on the wrong leg as a child."
What is the purple stuff on Doflamingo's strings?
Was Kazuki Takahashi involved in the modifications made in Yu-Gi-Oh! for reasons of censorship?
Why didn't Kakashi take care of Naruto?
Why shadow clone technique make a clone of what they are holding?
Why does Kaneki's perception of taste change?
What happens to gods with no regalias?
Is Nico Robin able to use her DF power though impassable but transparent obstacles?
Who caused Rize to die?
Where should I start watching in the Naruto series?
How closely does the World Trigger anime follow the manga?
How were #35's vectors stopped in episode 12?
What about Sebastian's footprints?
Why are corpses blinded with a cloth?
What is the song Yuji humming everytime?
Cursing the Carriage?
What is the genjutsu called that Madara is trying to use to mind control the whole world?
At the end of the story, could Edward learn Alkahestry?
Anime with bad guy has a power to control blood and dressed in white
Why is Guren's cockpit seat different from other knightmare frames?
Do Alkahestry have same limitations like Alchemy? Or some different limitations?
Can Natsu Dragneel still use his fire to grab things?
How does Sweet Mask (A-Class rank 1) plan to stop unworthy heroes from moving to S-Class?
An old anime where the protagonist stabs his eye to counter hypnosis and later on receives a bionic eye that can control vehicles
What was the first anime to have characters blasting off?
Where does the word "Kira" come from, or what does it stand for?
Is Dekomori meant to say "desu" or "death"?
How does the director's killer get back on to the roof?
Why were they surprised they couldn't send e-mails when the network was closed off in the first place?
How was the plan communicated between the killer and the director?
Incest in Freezing
App that relates Mangas
What happened to people with other skin colors?
Did Naruto REALLY fall in love with Hinata in The Last: Naruto the Movie?
How is the use of the red stones able to bypass equivalent exchange?
When is Miss Monochrome's birthday?
What does Minato's teleportation kunai say?
What's the song when Bishamon fights in episodes 11 & 12 of Aragoto?
What are the Guardian of Earth's tasks in Dragon Ball series?
Where to read Bleach from after the Ichigo & Aizen fight in the anime?
Was there truly no magic in Sword Art Online?
Is the Merlion in Faye's childhood video a real location?
What's the deal with moving statues?
How many characters are based on real life pirates?
Why does Takeshi Yamamoto have a interesting naming sense?
What are these color pages for?
Why does Sora no otoshimono have different ending themes per episode?
How did Naruto learn the Teleportation Jutsu?
Did Magata Shiki have a sister?
What is the name of the fast organ song in Parasyte -the maxim- ep17 at 6:35?
How do Stigmatas and compatibility rate determine how powerful a Pandora is?
Change in Itachi's personality
Why is Dimension W negative X?
Nostalgia Hit Me - But What Anime Is This That Takes Place In An Alternate World That Is Mostly Deserts?
What are Tsurime Eyes and Tareme Eyes? Why do the characters have them?
Who was Aozaki talking about when she said Ryougi?
What was left out in the anime adaptation of Sugawara announcing that Sherry is his future wife?
Is Anima a Final Aeon?
What statues are Dandy2Men based off of?
How can Boruto handle a Chōōdama Rasengan?
Asking a ninja to hide in the ceiling and get pierced by a spear?
Do only Dark Knights acquire vices?
Does the new LootAnime-Crunchyroll partnership mean that Loot Crate subscribers will get Crunchyroll memberships?
What is the release schedule of the Digimon Adventure tri. movies?
Where can I find an English dub of Naruto Shippuden episodes 78-140?
Is the Nyaboron ending song a real one, or just made for concept?
What was the first anime to feature an OP/ED that was not performed by a Japanese group/artist?
manga identification help
Why are some anime OP/ED theme songs sung by Kpop/Korean Artist?
What is the classical piano song from Ep 13 08:39 of parasyte?
Why do ninjas usually replace their own body with a block of wood?
How can I improve the frame rate of a low frame rate anime?
A song played on episode 487 when Trafalgar Law turns up at Marineford
What is the button Heero pushed when he and Relena first met in the beach?
Why are there omissions and discrepancies in Kaori's Kreutzer performance?
Is the Princess Tutu manga any different from the anime, and does it add anything to the story?
What is the cause of Gangsta.'s drop in animation quality?
How can a Dark Elf's age be determined by looking at them?
How hot would the Colossal Titan's temperature be?
How did abridged versions of anime get started?
How did Deidara get mouths in the palms of his hands?
Who is the artist for Misty's goodbye song during the flashback at "Gotta Catch Ya Later"?
Limitations on "plunder" ability?
What happened between episodes 7 and 8 of Konosuba
Why is Team Rocket's motto "To Protect the World from Devastation"?
Why does Kojirou say "white hole" in the Japanese version of Team Rocket's motto?
Is the setting of D.N.Angel based on a real world location, and if so, which one?
Why isn't Daisuke affected by Risa Harada in the first episode?
Code Geass: Lelouch of the rebellion dvd version differences
What are model sheets and why do animators use them?
Is it possible that marines are also trying to find one piece?
How come Goku was defeated by Frost of the 6th Universe?
What happened to the Yin half of Kurama?
Do we know why B Gata H Kei triggered threatening letters to its creators?
What is the reference Iri is making when she says DDD?
Why do most teams have two males and one female?
Do Digimon eat other Digimon?
Why did Angel and Otonashi want to pass on and make others pass on?
Can I watch Digimon Tri without seeing Digimon Adventure 02?
The divergence points for each of the routes?
Is the Golden Den Den Mushi mechanical, or a living specimen?
Are Senri and Kaname cousins?
Why does One Piece antagonist disappear after being defeated?
What are these sea behemoths in One Piece?
Why did Saber possess Excalibur as Heroic Spirit but not Avalon?
Kekkai Sensen EP 10 Cafe Song
Has Kaido eaten a devil fruit? If so, what is its power?
Is Nagato an Uchiha or an Uzumaki?
How was the first anime made?
Why is the Fairy Tail post-hiatus OST so different from the pre-hiatus OST?
Does the Village/Academy ensure the number of graduates is always a multiple of 3?
What happens when a Marine or Pirate goes after a bounty
Where did the elder sister/s little brother love affair started
Why are Asura and Indra of Hindu mythology represented opposite in Naruto?
Why is dubbed anime commercially considered a "premium"?
How does Vanishing Rasengan work?
Couldn't the Chimera Ant King be trapped in Knov's Nen dimension?
MM!'s Age Rating?
Where do the two GATE animated series arrive with respect to the novel and the manga?
How did Nunnally know that Lelouch did what he did for good?
How was Light able to maintain his academic performance?
Why do digimon names end in 'mon'?
In which episode of Fairy Tail does the flashback where Erza joins Fairy Tail appear in?
Can Rikudou Madara activate his Limbo Perfect Susanoo in the anime after Mugen Tsukuyomi ends?
In Chimera Arc, why weren't the people infected by the bomb?
Why was the first episode of Osumatsu San removed from Crunchyroll?
How Itachi was able to use Shadow clone?
IS there a connection between the Gods of Aqua and Fuero and the Holy Maidens of Metafalss?
Why do they censor vomiting in anime?
Will Boruto be able to awaken Byakugan?
How can Naruto breathe on the moon?
What is Nenesha's Heart of Gaea for?
Is it possible to seal Opponent Ninjutsu by using scroll?
What's the order of Saint Seiya anime series and movies?
Is there any news about Hunter x Hunter since March 2016?
Attack on titan chapter 79: possible flaw?
Is it possible that Kakashi and Obito are brothers?
Can Boruto awaken Tenseigan?
Is there a reference to Zenki in Japanese mythology? Or did Shaman King intentionally reference Zenki (anime/manga)?
Where can I find Saikawa Sensei's shirts for sale?
Can I play a PAL copy of Code geass on my US player?
How to summarise the whole Naruto franchise without giving a lot of spoilers?
What is the scene of Kokonotsu looking off at the horizon a reference to?
Non-independent stores in the UK that sell manga
How can Minoru go to Nagoya for days?
What happened to the Itachi Uchiha movie?
Is doujinshi always sexual?
Is the Konosuba anime a close adaptation of the light novel?
Do the skipped manga chapters involve any romantic developments?
Where can I read the The Seven Deadly Sins manga online legally?
Why is it when a character nimbly dodges attacks the aggressor will call it "running away"?
What was the first anime aired in HD?
Why is Yuki surprised by the Level E vampires?
What was the Night Class living on (and for how long) before creating the blood tablets?
Why was Araragi unable to understand Dramaturgie / Episode / Guillotine Cutter when they first met?
Tamaki's reasoning for making Haruhi a host?
What happened at the end of the movie?
Can I skip episodes in Shipudden?
Why isn't Digimon consistent with its rule mechanics per story/season title?
Is there any in-universe explanation why all the fleet are girls?
Are Pokemon vegetarians?
Why did the hole in Kaiba's chest increase in size?
Why would Warp go to the enemy headquarters?
Does there exist official material on the story of Laputa before its fall?
Why was the masked man the same height as Minato?
How was Sasuke able to summon 2 different types of creatures?
Was running into people with toast in your mouth already a cliche by Evangelion's time (1995-96)?
Can a transmutation circle be reused?
Why did Izumo's familiars attack her in Blue Exorcist?
Fate/Zero and Fate/stay night: Unlimited Blade Works - prequel vs sequel vs something else?
Is there a continuation to Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children?
Todo and Solomon motives in Witch Hunter Robin
How Sarada was able to awaken Sharingan?
In the Brotherhood continuity, do the Elric brothers know that their father has died?
Is "Dragon Ball AF" a real continuation of Dragon Ball series?
Why can only females pilot IS?
Is there a re-encounter with the sea monster that ate Shanks's arm?
Do we know what happened with Iroh and the Spirit World?
What are the other Animal Guides?
Who is the Earth Bender in the OP?
Using Summoning Jutsu who has blood of someone who has made a contract?
What's the symbolism behind the backgrounds shown in the opening sequence?
Are there any anime/manga that have caused outrage to the point of them being banned in any culture?
What was the meaning behind Tetsuro's pendant?
Why does the fairy tail anime have a nautical theme?
Why was the Lord of the Coast allowed to live?
Who is the woman who talks to young Tooru Amuro/Rei Furuya?
Which anime's female character was the most famous across the internet in 2015?
Is The Analysis of Happiness in Episode 22 of NHK ni Youkoso Related to Real Study?
Who woke up Kirito in episode 9?
What does Piccolo telling Gohan to "dodge" mean?
What is the order of the JoJo anime series?
Do all of Grisaia's Mihama girls suffer from PTSD?
What are the differences between the manga and the anime adaptation of Erased and where does the anime diverge?
What are the dance moves used by Mabuchi Kyōma in Dimension W's opening song (S1)?
Is Akamaru a pet or a comrade?
What is Azula doing differently which causes her fire to be Blue?
When is the release of One Punch-Man season 2?
What are the order of clannad visual novel?
Does the Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Storm series miss any of the Manga's plot?
After what episode was each Sword Art Offline episode expected to be viewed?
What's the name of the first ending and second opening song of Hu Yao Xiao Hong Niang (Fox Spirit Matchmaker)?
Why are train scenes so common in anime movies?
What song plays at 19:10 in episode 28?
Is the ending of the anime and manga the same (ERASED)
Can Sharingan user have a pair of normal set of eyes transplant into them?
How did Satoru obtain the Revival ability?
How can I get The Irregular at Magic High School's English-translated novel?
What does the water in the hallway represent in the Erased opening?
Why does it take so long for the translated version of tankoubon volumes to be released?
Is Otohime really the mother of Shirahoshi?
What happens if Uzumaki and Uchiha married each other? Will their offspring have Rinnegan?
Can you explain the ending to Ousama Game?
Name of the song in the trailer of A Lull in the Sea
Where can I buy School Days HQ in Greece?
Are the technologies in Serial Experiments Lain based on real world technologies?
Why doesn't the Akatsuki as a whole attack Naruto directly while he is training with Jiraya?
Has the new Gundam series copied Aldnoah Zero?
Name of song in Episode 8 of No Game No Life at around 6:05
Did Fairy Tail go on hiatus again after episode 277 (or episode 102 after the 2014 restart)?
Why did Zordan Stark (captain of U-2501) decide to sink Takao in chapter 37?
How many tails did Naruto get during his fight with Pain?
What is the song when Luffy starts to explore the Gray Terminal in episode 494?
What about Araragi's weight?
What does 'Guilty Crown' mean actually?
Why is Gintama considered a 'Sci-Fi' genre anime?
What is Itachi's illness?
Is Genos really a cyborg?
What is the relationship between Hattori and Yuujirou?
Is Sol Martra the Reinkernator for Metafalss?
Why did Tyuule feel sad?
How to summarize the whole SAO, Sword Art Online, franchise?
According to ONE, who would win in a fight between Tatsumaki and Mob?
Why could Aisa use observation haki from birth?
Why wasn't Hama still controlling Katara?
What exactly is Combustionman's Tattoo?
Is Honey Senpai a Shota?
When is the full version (4 mins) ending song of the anime god eater releasing?
How long ago were the flashbacks?
Is Gelel Stone related to Kaguya?
Why do people tend to think anime is weird porno?
When an Uchiha member is going to get married with another Uchiha member, are they marrying their cousin?
Did Trisha Elric know about Hohenheim's condition?
References to other Anime, TV shows, movies and fictional works on Steins;Gate
Do the Blu-ray episodes replace the TV episodes on the Internet once they've been released?
Why did Aizen kidnap Orihime in Bleach?
What are the squinting faces (>_<, >o<, >△<, etc.) called?
Why do people call the Bijuu "tailed beasts" if not all of them have tails?
What Did Basara Do to Mio to relieve the curse?
What is Toji's "accent"?
Who is Gakuhō Asano wife? What is their story?
Is it common for light novels to have animated commercials?
Why Saitama doesn't want to unleash his full power?
What defines the art-style of Japanese manga?
Does a Shinigami still die if they extend a human life without knowing it?
What's "an OB" in the Karate Shoukoushi Kohinata Minoru manga?
Why did the Elric brothers burn down their house?
Why didn't Edward affix his mother's soul to the suit of armor?
Why is Cross Game named so? What is the significance of the title?
Why is Elizabeth's last name "Greenhough-Smith"?
Where can I pick up the World Trigger manga after watching the anime?
What anime is this black sword from?
Who else was in on Lelouch's Zero Requiem plan?
What was Izumi doing in the Central City railway station?
What was the token Kurumi was given before her duel supposed to mean?
Crocodile Logia Defense Explanation
Where does God Eater (Anime) fall in the God Eater videogame (Burst) timeline?
Why is Jewelry Bonney crying after Whitebeard's death?
Is Trunks stuck at SSJ form?
How long does it generally take to release a soundtrack?
By number of series, how much of the animation industry is made up by anime?
How can people perform some Earth Release jutsu without having Earth Release as their chakra nature?
What role did Crunchyroll play in the production of Ojisan and Marshmallow?
Why Sanji is missing so much in the manga?
Is Strider Hiryu manga considered as canon?
What monster is inside Sasuke?
So could Mr.3 from Baroque Works on One Piece be classified as a Paracema or a Logia type? Or somewhat in between?
Did Touka become human after being attacked in Root A?
How come a uniform can't be made of 40% to 90% life fibers?
The D- OnePiece
What were those Poneglyphs from the Alabasta arc?
Void Century: how can a whole century go by without anyone knowing what happened?
Can a ghoul's skin be pierced by earthly weapons?
What are the programming and computer references in Steins;Gate?
Is Cheese-kun real?
Is it possbile for a ninja to have larger chakra supply by training?
What must a grandmaster do to earn the right to reincarnate?
What's up with Mioko's speech pattern?
How large is the market for anime & manga by each country?
When did Kuradeel join Laughing Coffin?
Is Bishamon a god of war or a god of fortune?
Why Kidd/Hawkins/Apoo alliance are planning to take down Shanks?
Song played at the end of episode 20 of Parasyte
What is Naruto's second element?
Why did Obito spare Kakashi?
Are there any other RWBY characters that were based on other stories?
Do artificial devil fruits also prevent the user from swimming?
Who is the boy at the end of Feng Shen Ji Season 3?
How do the visions happen when Itami hits his head on EP.1?
What is migi's physical composition
How does Rin's "Demon Fire" work?
Why do the names of the Sankakusu sites match the surnames of Uranus, Neptune, and Pluto?
What was the favor Brovada mentioned in the Chimera Ant Arc?
Which one is Funami Yui's apartment room?
What is the true meaning of the pendant which Gunzou Chihaya buys for Iona in town?
Can anyone be a wizard?
Does Light Novel-based, slice of life anime in general have a clearly defined setting?
How do inanimate objects eat devil fruit?
Why was the bridge already down when the second train arrived?
Lists of anime in plaintext
How much did Tokuchi gain per game?
What happens to Yusuke's spirit/power equipment?
Does anyone know where I can watch a good quality of Magi Adventures of Sinbad English dub
What volumes of the Campione LN correspond to the anime?
Where are the quotes that show Albedo hate other supreme beings other than Momonga?
Where is this statue on horseback from?
Naruto Episode 13 OST Question
How different are the manga, anime and movie versions of Ajin?
What kind of luck are Hanako and Botan getting in the opening?
Why does Suzuha disappear when travelling back to the "present"?
Who cut off Zephyr's arm?
In parasyte the maxim, what is the name of end song and the name of the conflict song in the middle of the show?
Can the Avatar still be reincarnated?
Looking for a special Death Note chapter
What's Agepoyo and Doyagao?
Why is that Gildarts not too involved in guild fights?
Where did Decim send Chiyuki? To reincarnation or to void?
Anime Movie with a floating island and robots
Aptitude for Busoshoku?
Who is this gorilla that carried Sengoku on its shoulder?
How badly damaged was the Sdf-1?
How did Gecko Moria created marine zombies in Marine War without Hogback around?
Where can one buy Manga locally in Australia?
Why does the Avatar Cycle go Fire, Wind, Water and Earth?
Are cursed children vulnerable to varanium?
Which Black Jack anime most closely follows the manga?
What is song played when Ken is being tortured on seaons 1 episode 12?
Why did Kakashi not kill Hidan?
Why do sword owners tap them with a fluffy ball on a stick?
How did the World Government know about the clash between Revolutionary Army and Blackbeard Pirates?
Why is it that Volunteer Army Necklace consists of two tags?
Have there been any anime that have been subjected to exclusive distribution rights?
Where can I find a full list of all the Naruto Shippuden uncut box sets?
Why was the old man sent to the void?
Why did Walter want to kill Alucard in Hellsing Ultimate?
Leveling in Elder Tale
Is there any meaning behind what student's name appears in the episode name and eye-catch?
Order of reading Danganronpa manga and light novel?
Is Junketsu conscious?
Why does Yubaba offer a job to Chihiro, rather than just turning her into piglet?
What purpose does the train, pictured in the Spirited Away movie, actually serve in the ghost world?
The reason of Bartholomeo Kuma's devil fruit named as Nikyu-Nikyu no Mi?
What are the Norse Mythology References in Alfheim Online?
Ghost in the Shell separate continuities
Is Academy City really an educational city? What is its purpose?
Is Goku the First Super Saiyan?
Why are dominators activated for drones and robots?
What is the origin of posterior wing trope?
Why do anime characters stand on telephone poles all the time?
Genos VS Mosquito Girl Soundtrack
Does the kid's inherited bubuki changed shapes to fit their owner's tastes?
Is Transformers anime series or western cartoon?
What is the name of the audio that plays when the gray king appears in K-Project?
Captains' reiatsu levels after donating to Ichigo
What is the source for the Androids unlimited energy supply?
Does Saitama know whats going on around him?
Is Tamura the original Homura?
Is Kirby a baby in the original "Kirby: Right Back At Ya!"?
Does a series in Japan only get aired if it has more than 13 episodes?
What is the music that plays in Bleach Episode 46 ~19:54
Why not export to America?
What jutsu did Minato use on Naruto?
Is the city name an alias, a code name, or a real name?
Does the technique Kyoka Suigetsu make Rikuo intangible or just create illusions of him?
Are anime OP/ED theme songs original?
Can a Devil Fruit user pass on powers to their children?
What's the BGM in K-ON?
Which Kennedy oration is Onsa adapting in episode 1?
Can Poké Balls technically catch humans?
Are the items featured in Yuru Yuri San Hai! cross review based on real items?
Trying to find DBZ theme
Why did Sting and Rogue kill their father dragons?
Did griffin know about the beleith's activation?
Why weren't Gigai used for Spearhead?
What Happens to a Sub Soul when a Soul Reaper reclaims their Gigai?
How did no one notice that Rukia's special order was defective?
Why did Sakurako call Akari a "betrayer"?
What does the note from chapter 14 say?
How did Kanade get access to Angel Player?
Can any other devil fruit users use gears besides Luffy?
What is Requirement to Unlock [Unique Skills]?
Do people notice Kaneki's hair changing?
Who is the third person who listens to Shen Xiu's lesson
What is the method used by Oomuro Sakurako in her "lucky color" lottery?
What are typical release cycles?
Whats the name of the instrumental soundtrack at the start in Mardock Scramble:The First Compression?
Why did V.V kill Marianne?
What next For the db episodes?
Kakuzu's way of getting all the five chakra elements
What is the name of the OST playing at 18:40 in Shingeki no Kyojin Episode 1?
Is the illustrator of Shokugeki no Soma a hentai mangaka?
Does Kiryuin Satsuki have any infused Life Fibers?
There's a manga I like and I want it published in the West. What can I do about it?
CC's loss of memory
How did Log Horizon members find out Tetra's real gender?
Is the person who appeared at the very end of Fate/Stay Night UBW (desert scene) Archer or Shirou?
What was the source of magic used in Grand Magic Games in Fairy Tail?
Was Akame ga Kill Zero stopped?
What is this anime about a guy with white hair and an infected(?) eye, who often cracks his index finger?
Who are these characters?
Is this TK's real name?
Why does Sakura's inner voice say "cha" at the end of her sentences?
Is Jack a fishman?
Why does Sasuke have 6 dots on his Rinnegan
What song is played when Ace is questioning why everyone came to save him in episode 468?
Do we see Mikiya Kokutou after the time leap at the end of Kara no Kyoukai: Mirai Fukuin?
What SAO spin-off had a female character that resembled Kirito?
Who taught Tsunade her medical jutsu?
Is the Harbinger of Spring based on a real Japanese legend?
Why was Rukia's head covered when she was escorted to/from the Repentance Cell?
What is the proper order for watching the El Hazard series?
What is the difference between Negima!? and Negima!
Why did Pariston Hill leave the election stage out of a sudden?
Is there an explanation behind the hidden blue Exceed/cat?
Was Code Geass first a light novel, manga, or anime?
Is there any canonical evidence that "The Lost Village" is parody?
How did Natsu manage to kill Silver Fullbuster (Gray Fullbuster's Father)?
Where does the manga Otoyomegatari take place?
Can a human survive inside a titan?
Why do some summons have forehead protector while most of others don't?
What was Gin Ichimaru plotting when he encountered Ichigo at the Hakuto Gate?
What is Hitsugi's age?
Is "Monthly Comic Alive" manga magazine available in English?
Is this Sakura's variable suit?
In Death Note, is it ever revealed what "L" stands for?
Can Kazuki borrow or have other kings power?
How is Kakashi able to get Mangekyou Sharingan?
Is the "Ace" position in Haikyuu just made up for the manga/anime?
What is the meaning of Rosario and why did Yuuki name that skill "Mother's Rosario"?
How come Mumei's pistols can kill Kabane?
What does the phrase "Rokkon Shojo" mean?
Why did Asuna apologize at the end of the Aincrad arc?
What is the dance in the third Nisemonogatari OP?
What is the meaning behind Renji's Tattoos?
Which Lieutenant is Renji not counting?
What are those Wooden Tube thing?
What would happen if a pokemon died instead of fainting?
Name of classification/trope of anime with advanced/ancient civilizations
Is Goku in Dragonball based on Sun Wukong from Journey to the West?
How does Mai from the Pilaf gang become younger?
Why did Shisui sacrifice himself?
How many times did Len Kagamine die?
Why do many anime include pocket watches in them?
How did Kal Snyder end up as the death note owner?
how did Asuna move?
What was the first iyashikei series?
Does this character in "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion" die?
What is the background music played in ep. 2 when we are told of the conquest of Japan?
What anime with "four godly kings" is referenced by Seitokai Yakuindomo in episode 2?
What is this Detective Conan OVA title?
Why does the quality and style on this Naruto Shippuden series differ from the regular one?
What drinks are SURELY known to affect and/or differ Franky's behaviour?
In Sparks Liner High, could Avalon have saved Shirou?
Is Bentham really dead?
Can Chopper's rumble ball be used on other Devil Fruit users?
Was the Chocobi (チョコビ) snack from Shin Chan fictional or did it exist before Shin Chan?
Is there any special reason for the Donyatsu shoutout in Kogane's backpack?
Does anyone know Vic Mignogna's (Edward Elric's VA) email address?
Who typically owns the rights to an anime's soundtrack?
What anime are these figures from?
Current state of characters in Dragon Ball?
How are Natsu and Zeref related?
What is the meaning of the nuke like tree in "My Neighbor Totoro"?
Shouldn't Naruto's RasenShuriken be a forbidden Jutsu if it's so powerful?
Why is Megumin a weird name?
Any other "common design archetypes" in Kiznaiver that are shared with other Trigger-related works?
How did Danzo acquire all those Sharingan in his arm?
Does removing Potara earrings of a fused character nullifies the fusion?
What's the name of the first piece of music in Shingeki no Kyojin episode 1?
How can Itachi use his Mangekyō Sharingan after death?
How did Luffy get the scar on his chest?
Since when Gowther become one of Ten Commandments?
Is Sakura's gesture a dead giveaway that she lied about remembering the transfer student?
Why do only some anime series translate on screen text?
Leaf Shinobi vest colours
Can the Kai earings(Potara Earings) be used again and again to keep fusing individuals?
Does Nausicaä wear underpants, and if not, what outside-universe reason is there?
How is it that applicant 44 is able to turn into smoke and do magic if he is just another contestant?
When is Haikyuu season 3 release date?
Does Shikamaru have a summoning animal?
Which universe is Future Trunks from?
What's the name of the battle theme used in Big Order?
Is Shinsuusenju a summons?
How did Dio Brando survive the ship sinking?
Are there any resources about the inspirations of Miyazaki in making Howl's Moving Castle?
What is the conflict between Sea and Devil Fruit?
Translation of alphabet used in Konosuba
Can a Nen user still use their abilities after Kuroro Lucifer steals it?
Does Issei actually sacrifice his arm
What happened to the other Eternian Astrisk Users?
Why are a lot of characters in anime and manga named after their mothers and not their fathers?
Has Ichigo's soul cutter existed before him?
What happen if the Supreme Kais were removed from Good Buu's body?
Can someone tell me what this song from episode 38 of Zero no Tsukaima is?
Religious Symbols in Naruto
Has the State Alchemist pocket watch ever been shown to be of use in a transmutation?
Why did they skip the 4th Hokage and choose the 5th instead after the 3rd died?
Is Itachi Shinden a separate anime series or part of Naruto Shippuden itself?
What's this music used when Lelouch is giving new orders in ep. 2 of R2?
Do I need to catch up on anything before watching Dragon Ball Super?
In what order does the Akatsuki capture the Tailed Beasts?
Where can I legally read manga online in Germany?
In the manga, what piece is Chiaki playing at the beginning?
Is there anything driving the number of recent series and characters from the Touhoku region?
Is Unohana's compassion for others just an act?
Why is it Soifon didn't know about Shunkō?
Why does Jushiro Ukitake have an item from Yoruichi's clan?
Can the Death Note manipulate people whose names aren't written in it?
Did Hyung Min-woo Invent Temozarela, the Antagonist of the "Priest" Manhwa?
What do people eat, if not rice?
Can someone explain about the attendance record in "Another"
Why is "Meitantei Conan" translated as Case Closed?
How did Kirio regain his memory?
How does Erza get her armor and weapons ready for Requip?
Why is Midori referred to as green-skinned, when she's not that green?
Is there a way to directly donate to support a comic / light novel / animation?
Why did Rama's sister talk about hiding in Shagaksha's mouth?
Who is using their Persona for their career and how?
How does Naruto's right arm work?
What is the meaning behind dark works often taking place at midnight?
Why exactly is Saitama a hero?
Why does Monthly Girls' Nozaki-kun get double-wide panels?
Where can we find dialogues related to anime?
Does the Soul Society know exactly where Kisuke Urahara is?
Is Pyrrha Nikos really dead?
Why are the other researchers slugs?
Is Tooru Mutsuki male or female?
How did Kirito find out Zekken's secret?
When do the sub-titles ("determination to fist", etc.) for each season of Symphogear get dropped?
Name of classic MC protective personality type?
would devil fruit users be affected in fresh water
What is the song's name of One Piece cap 717 min 15:02
Does water level determine the amount of power lost?
If Blackbeard removes your power do you regain the ability to swim?
Why does Yuno paint her license plate yellow?
How does Near prove that Light is Kira by seeing Kiyomi's name in Teru's death note?
Why doesn't Misa Amane regain her memory when she touches the death note?
Are Eileen and Erza related?
What was Johan trying to achieve by setting fire in the book donation ceremony in Munich?
Why does Light Yagami shuffle the two death notes?
What does "when nine and nine meet nine" mean?
How do anime streaming sites decide whether to acquire licenses from studios to show their anime?
What happens to Demon Weapons who eat innocent souls?
What is the process of acquiring a streaming license?
Can fans convince a streaming site to show a certain anime?
Why not leave Yomiyama?
Who is the mysterious Programmer of Angel Beats?
How many crew members that Straw Hat should be?
Pokemon: dialogue spoken by Ursula. Can you tell me the dialogue spoken by Ursula?
Where do devil fruits "grow"?
Does Kaneki die in season 2?
Could a blind person with a death note exchange half their life to see again?
Why does Kasumigaoka get attracted to Tomoya?
Would the City Hunter manga not be exported anymore?
How did Chino's grandfather end up as a rabbit?
Why is there an exclamation mark between 'Butler' and 'Grell'?
What happened in Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru (Season 1)?
Where does Ciel get the key?
Whose drugs are actually being kept in the storehouse?
Has the reincarnation of Indra and Ashura ended?
Original Naruto music identification help
What is the connection between Cave being nimble and nothing being able to touch her "hitbox"?
What region was Ciel Phantomhive the Earl of?
What is the purpose for the art-style of puck changing by scene?
Source of Ichigo's shinigami power
How is this game where you write a kanji on your hand supposed to work?
Cinematic records - death scythe?
Who are the germa 66?
Why did Lenka's hair turn gold?
Who is the voice actress for the 'young' Nori-chan from the anime Kiznaiver?
How much of the manga did the Arslan Senki anime cover?
Why did Mumei "need to go to the toilet"?
How did Light know that Hideki Ryuga is the real L?
Why do cosplay competitions require prerecorded dialogue?
What series are there after Rurouni Kenshin (1995)?
Any more HxH stories or episodes out there?
Are there differences between the web novel and light novel versions of Re:Zero?
Will it be explained what is going on in the "Kara no Kyoukai" anime movie series?
Dimension in Naruto where they get stabbed forever
Which song plays in episode 56 at 11:32
What's up with glowing Naruto?
What is the highest-level monster card in the Yu-Gi-Oh anime?
Why did Emilia give Subaru a fake name on the first time they met?
Where can I legally read HxH manga in English?
Was the phrase "Zawsze in Love" generated using Google Translate?
Why is Suzuha pre-destined to die in 2000?
Does Kaido possess any other power other than just being physically strong?
What scenes from each Heroine's route must have happened, considering the storyline of Meikyuu and Rakuen of Grisaia?
Why is Takatoshi Tsuda still in second year?
What is the hazama in berserk?
Is watching the first 2 seasons of the anime enough to understand "Tokyo Ghoul:re" manga without reading prior manga?
What does the piece of paper in chapter 222 say?
What is the difference between king vessel and metal vessel users?
Which chapters of the anime show Sakura learning/using the Byakugou no jutsu?
Why do the driving instructors look sort of like wooden dolls?
When did Conan's glasses get zoom functionality added?
What is causing Kirito's eyes to change colour?
Can someone stop the cause of death after someone writes the details in the Death Note?
How does Nerve Gear work?
Where do magical girls get money?
Are female voice actors cheaper in Japan?
What is that accessory featured around Japanese gods' necks?
What episode of fairy tail are these screenshots from?
How does Fate/Kaleid Liner Prisma connect to the Fate universe?
SAO Kirito immortal in episodes 6 and 8?
Did manga from North Korea undergo the same audience changes as in the rest of Asia?
Are these two people with the same given name the same person?
How does the anime adaptation relate to the other parts of the Joker Game franchise?
Is there any news about Hunter x Hunter since June 2016?
What is Mai's actual age in Dragon Ball Super?
What's the deal with exchanging names in Bleach and other anime?
When does Black Butler take place?
Are mangas freeware and shareware?
Law regarding doujinshi
Why can't Naruto go into Bijuu mode like the other Jinchuuriki?
What will happen human with Shinigami powers died while they are in human form?
What is the difference when a jutsu is performed by weaving only some of it's seals and when performed by weaving all of them?
What lays beyond the walls?
Where was the conservatoire entrance exam held?
Does Aqua wear panties?
How exactly does Akiko's healing ability work?
How does Edo Tensei Madara get back his Rinnegan?
Questions about the time-travel scene in the Steins;Gate movie
Can more than one person use the same type of Take Over magic?
Which episode in the Alabasta arc has Luffy ate all the food on the boat and Sanji ask him about it?
Is the physiological progression (evolution?) of Kabane discussed in the manga?
Can Super Saiyan God (Red) Kaio-ken be made just like Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan (Blue) Kaio-ken?
Why did the Queen kill Ciel's relatives?
Why did Mayuri kill 28,000 Rukongai citizens?
What really happened at the end of Stone Ocean?
In which episode does Luffy get his finger stuck in a bottle?
Did Kakashi Actually invent the Chidori?
Can Uchihas get Eternal Mangekyou Sharingan by exchanging their eyes?
Identifying a sword from an anime, possibly from One Piece or Bleach
Is Prussia dying?
When was "Muru Muru's Melodrama" played?
Why are Dabura and Babidi alive in the future?
Was any of the movies based off anything from the manga?
Does Naruto and everyone else know the truth about Itachi?
Song played in Cardcaptor Sakura episode 54 at around minute 10?
How durable is Natsu Dragneel?
Do we know the timing of all of the events in the anime?
Why is Wolf's Rain so ridiculously expensive?
Do ANBU Black Ops use a teleportation justu?
How come Yuki Onna turn into a kid?
Is their a difference between Rurouni Kenshin & Samurai X?
What is the sad music/soundtrack played in Digimon Tri Movie 1 Episode 1?
Why didn't Rukia's power transfer to Kaien dono when she pierce his heart?
Was Picollo/Kami a special case of Namekian Fusion or this could be done by anyone?
How could Madara absorb the Divine tree?
Conditions to obtain Mangekyo Sharingan
Why does Midorima's nails influence his shots?
Dark Kamehameha?
Why did ReLIFE release all his 13 episodes in one day?
Is there an in-universe explanation for how eye transplanting works?
Does Wata no Kunihoshi manga have a continuation after chapter 6, or an anime adaptation?
What is the name of the instrumental theme in Episode 3 of My Hero Academia which starts at 4:52?
What was the background music in episode 14 of Your Lie In April, starting from 08:52?
Übel Blatt Manga: What was the purposes of naming the 4 lances of betrayal?
Can Pokémon say only what their species is named as, or are they named with the only word they can say?
Why can't Edward get back his power to do alchemy?
How lucrative is being a psychiatrist or MHP in Japan IN PSYCHO-PASS?
How does Natsuki Subaru manage to stay mentally sane?
D.Gray- man Hallow. Remake? Or continuation?
Why do anime have manga adaptations? Why don't authors just focus on one medium at a time?
Does Luffy have "Gomu Gomu no Jet Yari"?
Who is Prince of Darkness?
What are these charts and what are they for?
Which is the biggest character shown so far in One Piece?
What happens when you perform Izanagi/Izanami with Rinnegan?
Did Kishimoto kill Itachi because he was too strong to fight in the Fourth Great Ninja War?
Why do some anime characters use Sanskrit spells instead of Japanese?
In Naruto Shippuden episode 467, how was a normal villager able to use jutsu?
Why is Space Patrol Luluco split into "seasons"?
Why is All Might freaked out in the big villian fight scene?
What is the piano song from Ep 18 13:12 of parasyte?
What was Amuro Ray doing at the time Gundam ZZ takes place?
Does Devil Fruit taste bad?
Do Brooke and Franky have a dream?
What's a good entry point for The Idolm@ster?
How Knov apperance kept on changing?
Why does Asuka caress Shinji in EoE?
Who's Charlotte?
Is the Ginjo shown in chapter 681 of Bleach a 100% Shinigami?
How does Getsuga mode works?
How did Mello know how to help Near in Death Note?
Does Ash walk away from the starting pokemon in the anime?
Why does Neptune give Broccoli the nickname Puchiko?
How could someone like Hashirama die in the First Shinobi World War?
How realistic is Totsuki Culinary Academy?
Why is Killer Bee still alive?
Why do fansubbers merge video and subtitle into one file?
What music plays in Hunter x Hunter SLOW MO?
Is the Ace Attorney anime canon?
Why does Yhwach/Juhach call Ichigo that?
Is Boruto published in Weekly Shonen Jump?
Do both Ikaros and Nymph have ears or just Astrea?
How is Johnny Joestar walking at the end of Jojo part 7 Steel Ball Run?
Where was the Seven Blood Stains Incident detailed?
Why is Trunks not as powerful as Gohan when they are both human-Saiyan hybrids?
Is the Rinnegan completely purple in Naruto?
Why weren't some of the original Digimon able to evolve into their Ultimate/Mega forms in season 1?
Why is it so rare to see new long running anime series these days?
How does Gohan inherit his "Mystic" power while others do not?
How does Guy know how to perform the jutsu in the Eight Gates Released Formation?
Can a transformed Saiyan lower his ki to base-human level when transformed?
Why didn't Light Yagami tell Teru mikami that he can kill people using just the paper?
Can I purchase manga online from the Kindle store?
Why Is Britannia often depicted as an almighty power?
What is Tokyo Ghoul RA?
How does Brook stay together?
How can Mjolnir Hammer joins the Far Eastern Magic Nap Society of Summer?
How strong (physically) is Robin?
How come meat doesn't turn into spirit particles?
How does Dragon Ball Super's anime release before the manga?
How does a series go from manga to anime?
What is "Tokyo Ghoul:re"?
Was there any canonical or production-related reason for the fights in Dragon Ball Z being dragged out?
Backstories of Naruto
Details about the Crystal ball in the first episodes of Naruto
Is there any explanation on how Z fighters control the power of their ki based attacks?
In the manga, do Satoru and Airi get together?
Why are most anime dubbed in American English, rather than British English?
Koga's wolves - demons or just regular wolves?
Are both Natsu and Igneel known as "The Salamander"?
How old are Ururu and Jinta?
How did the Kaguya clan come into existence?
How Akeno has both devil wings?
What is the age of the students in Hope Academy?
Is Sohma house a literal house where all the families live?
Why does the church have seven-branched candelabra?
How and why is Subaru connected to the Witch (Satella)?
Which parts of Dragon Ball GT do not follow the original Dragon Ball story?
What's a himouto?
Why doesn't Ash use his old Pokemon?
Is Ash's time in Kanto's Safari Zone ever detailed?
Why does Bakugou drag Kaminari into the bushes and what did he do to him there?
Akito's motivation?
Is Beerus stronger than Goku?
Did the writer of Sword Art Online do a research on guns when writing Gun Gale Online?
What does the third eye of the Sage of the Six Paths do?
Plot hole: Why couldn't Rukia and co. visit Ichigo with a gigai?
How strong is Ash?
Is it possible to have a girl reincarnate of Asura and Indra?
Trouble following Akai squad vs Gauna 487
Why didn't Rem die immediately after being mutilated so severely?
How old can fairies become?
How come Koro sensei had tomato juice inside jail?
What's the music that plays at the end of ep. 22 of Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso?
Why is Hikari's nickname "Pikari"?
Why is Futaba's nickname "Teko"?
Do we ever get to see any official S-rank missions in action (Naruto series)?
Does a Reishi rich environment prevent flying?
What is the origin of dance done by Terakado Tsuu's imperial Guard?
What are Croquembouche?
Piecing together the premise of Aldnoah.Zero, link between Mars/Moon/Earth
Why don't anime shows finish the manga?
What is the dimension of Karuta cards?
What happened to all the people with Senju last names?
Zeref Darkness Technique?
Ban stealing power from Meliodas
Did Teiichi Niiya die at the end of the Dusk Maiden of Amnesia manga?
Is Yuuki bi/homosexual?
How does Yuuki talk like a boy?
Is Law stronger than Zoro in sword technique?
How do Poké Ball capsule and seals work?
How is Asura using Rasengan?
Law's goal with the One-Piece?
What are typical numbers for chakra reserves and regeneration times in Naruto?
Do I have to read the entire manga series of Magi, or can I start reading where the anime left off?
Order to watch the Danganronpa series? Is there a "Danganronpa 2"?
Why is shonen manga's goriness these days abundant?
Why does Puck refer to Emilia as 'My Daughter'?
Did Goku trigger the creation of Goku Black
Why did WWIII happen because of the explosion?
How many episodes will Dragon Ball Super have?
How much time passes between the end of the first cour and the start of the second cour?
When does Fairy Tail 2014 episode 66 to present get English dubbed?
Do we ever find out what happened to Chrollo?
Is watching free anime in Japan safe?
Is it true that hiden jutsu can be taught?
Who is Kouu the tyrant king?
Why Nami calls him Sanji-kun?
Is Natsu Dragneel "END" in the Fairy Tail anime adaptation?
Can we infer how the Fifth Holy Grail War would have ended had Gilgamesh not intervened?
What does the 1412 in Magic Kaito 1412 means?
How old is Naruto throughout the show's timeline?
Why was the nudity not censored in Dragon Ball?
Why madara did not change after 1 and 8 tails was extracted from him?
What happened to Yachiru?
Clarification about Hashirama's Senjutsu?
Will there be another Avatar series?
Is there an incidence of a Hiden (Meaning Secret) Jutsu being used by someone OUTSIDE the clan?
What stats are in KonoSuba world and what do they do?
Why does the author replace the protagonist and his family with a bird?
What do the abbreviations mean in Dragon Ball Z?
Where does the 'J' in SSJ and SSJ2 come from?
What happened to the other androids in Dragon Ball/Dragon Ball Z?
Do we ever get to see Bunta race?
Where did the song "Yume ni Katachi wa nai keredo" come from in One Piece?
Why was Fairy Tail disbanded?
Was Roy Mustang ever punished for participating in a genocide?
What kind of transformation Trunks used in Dragon Ball Super when fighting Vegeta?
How did Tusk survive the bombing?
Is there any other episodes of Naruto after Episode 220 before Naruto Shippuden Episode 1?
What kind of demon is Akura-ou?
Does each Region only have 8 gyms in pokemon?
What moments of Blue Gender considered causing huge controversy?
Why does Yuria's hair colour change to white?
How many pokemon did Ash catch?
Is there a nen user that could've defeated Meruem (the king)?
Where did the phrase "Gotta catch 'em all" come from?
Do we ever find out about Ash's dad in Pokemon?
What's the reason Yuuki employs only male spies?
Is it explained how Emile hides their anatomy?
Why do we never hear from Elsa Granhiert again in Re:Zero?
About the physics of transmutation in FMA:B
Is Kayaba Akihiko the boss of the 100th floor of New Aincrad?
Third time Katsuragi went to Dezini Park?
Why is it that many anime and manga depict being a virgin male as something embarrassing?
Regarding the life of Fisher Tiger in One Piece
What happened to the Super Peace Busters after Menma's passing?
Did that person actually fail to save Menma?
Why didn't Korosensei use his absolute defence form against the orbital laser?
Was Kayano's recovery affected by Heaven's Spear?
How are phones designed on “The Dirty Pair?”
Why do anime always have an eye glow arbitrarily drawn in
Why do anime girls have huge chests?
Are Tales of Zestiria and Tales of Berseria connected in any way?
What is the Ash-Greninja form of Greninja?
When do the Pokemon Movies occur chronologically to the plot?
What caused Charmeleon to become so disobedient to Ash?
Do HM's appear outside the games?
Why is Ahagon embarrased with her name? And how does it match her appearance?
Song from Tokyo Ghoul episode 10
Is it possible to have absolute obedience using Death Note?
How tall is Vice Admiral Smoker?
Why weren't Puck and Emilia surprised when Subaru called out Emillia's spirit to protect her in episode 3?
What did Mikasa say when she was correcting Armin after Eren mastered the ODM gear?
Could Hidan possibly get out of his hole?
Is Nishikyougoku Ramuko a word play of Toushinou Kyouko?
How many Tanken Nichijou no Machi episodes are there?
How long did it take Meowth to learn to speak?
can pokeballs capture items such as rice balls
Are items that are gained during evolution part of the Pokemon?
When do you classify an AMV as an ASMV?
What are the contents of the unaired next-episode previews included with the Nichijou Blu-rays?
What would happen if you caught a PokeBall with another PokeBall?
When and How was Homura's wish fulfilled?
Why do we see these witches in Rebellion?
Was the post-rebellion Madoka still a Magical Girl?
Can Alphonse sleep in FMA/FMA:B?
Did the garrisons ever use the cannons on top of Wall Maria to fire at the titans before the breach happened?
How did Eren lose his memories?
What is the most complete Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex DVD set to buy?
How did Commander Erwin know that the spy/traitor(s) would be within the 104th training squad?
Why did Misty leave the Pokemon anime?
What will happen if a wild pokemon is hit by 2 pokeballs of the same strength at the same time?
Does the rinnegan give perfect chakra control to its true wielder
Did the people of Trost District evacuate when the breach in Wall Rose happened?
Why weren't the Titans visible when the Armored Titan broke through Wall Maria?
Which episode of Sailor Moon is this scene of Usagi in a bath towel from?
Discrepancy between episodes about pokemon which ingest pokeballs
Why did Wenge get kicked off the Chinese national team?
Song playing in Kanon (2006) episode 8
How does L deduce that Kira needs a name and not just a face?
Soundtrack of K: Return of Kings - episode 1 at 19:16
Why does Zangetsu transform back into shikai mode when cutting Yhwach in half?
Why is Iridatsu Yuuta's ghost the way that it is?
Does Hajime Isayama have an ending in mind for Attack On Titan?
Why is Seigi's tattoo described as "triggerless"?
Why does the artwork look different before the OP plays?
What is a "gal wife"?
How is Aika related to Mahiro in zetsuten no tempest?
Why is the series called "Amaama to Inazuma"?
What episode of Naruto does the Rinnegan first appear in?
DBGT: Does Goku die of old age when he turns SSJ4 in the future?
Why Orochimaru's Edo tensei gives summons white eye but the recent edo tensei has the black eye?
What happened to Uub?
What happens with the Pokemons of a trainer after the trainer dies?
Why isn't anime critically analyzed like other forms of literature or entertainment?
What type of glasses is Tsukishima wearing?
What is the woman saying in Itachi's theme song?
How to review Naruto before I begin from where I left?
Why do Manga & Anime defuse tragic situations so often?
Why was Excalibur not used near the end of season 2?
Can Norma have kids?
What does Mikasa mean by "It's happening again" in the 2nd episode?
What is Jonathan Mar's ethnicity?
How old is Marguerite?
Difference in strength of luffy's gear forms?
What does the letter at the end of Patema Inverted mean?
What happened to Yamato?
Why isn't there any continuation to the Planetes' anime?
What is the longest-running manga series that has already ended before september 2016?
What is a "15-hit kiss"?
Why, in the dub of Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's, were the Earthbound Gods renamed the Earthbound Immortals?
Why is Tota Konoe No. 7?
Who is the "emperor of BL"?
Which Pokemon are animal based?
Why was it relevant that Aoi used her World during the battle at the end of episode 4?
Frieza's whopping power level in the Real 4-D
Do Noragami anime and manga share the same story line?
How is that possible for Priscilla to kill Teresa?
Does a ninja have to be a Jōnin to be a Kage?
In Nejimaki Seirei Senki: Tenkyou no Alderamin what happens to the spirit if his 'owner' dies?
Have Mikage's powers diminished?
What was Avilio's alibi during the after-credits scene in episode 2?
Song that plays in the battle between Goku and Zamasu?
In episode 55 of Dragon Ball Super, what does Goku's action to the King of All towards the end mean?
Are there two separate Mewtwos?
Why are Ash and his friends fooled by team rocket again and again?
If the story and the names of Arslan are Persian, why is the theme Japanese?
How well thought out are the economics in Narutoverse (Konoha and other Ninja Villages)? Has Kishimoto ever explained it?
What is the height of the net in Haikyuu?
Rem's encounter with Subaru at the end of episode 5
How many stars were on Ox King's / Chi Chi's Dragon Ball?
Is Squirtle's water potable?
Can Goku and Vegeta attain Super Saiyan Rose?
What is with kimono that makes Japanese guys to fall for the girls in many anime?
Why does master Roshi want the plane to stop before the second Tenkaichi tournament?
Why did Darkness pick the name "Darkness"?
What did Archer learn first, The Sword or Archery?
Are Board of Education members immune to Death Feedback?
Is any explanation offered for the anime’s ending regarding lost bodily function?
How did the last threat disappear in the last chapter?
Why didn't Jounouchi just use Kunai with Chain?
What do the "Beats" in Angel Beats! mean?
What links "Luluco Space Patrol" and "Kill La Kill"?
What are recent innovations in animation techniques?
What are the deeper meanings in Berserk?
After the journey is over, why did Maetel go for another journey?
Why could Kakashi and Obito move while Naruto, Sasuke and even Kaguya couldn't?
Why do we hear "English" speech in Philadelphia in episode 3?
Where is Maria's "Double Contract" referenced?
When did Obito awaken the Eternal Mangekyou Sharingan?
Can the Soul society exist without the soul king?
Does anyone know the name of the music from 4:46 onwards in Senki Zesshou Symphogear GX episode 12?
What sparked the trend of slightly long dark-haired loner-ish protagonists in light novels?
What happened at the end of the anime Berserk?
How are short anime scheduled to be broadcast in Japan?
Before the era of Naruto, One Piece and Bleach being published simultaneously, was there ever another well-defined "Holy Trinity" of Manga?
How could Obito transport his body parts in another dimension without bleeding?
Anime dubbed by original voice actors
Why does Kirito have access to Sachi's inventory?
What is the population ratio of humans and pokemon?
Why are there so many tragic ocean promises?
How were the culprits "dragged to their death"?
Why do seiyuu famous for doing eroge still use alias?
How many fingers exist and how did Subaru know the number?
How Betelgeuse captured Subaru's body like in the ending of episode 23?
How old is Shisui compared to Itachi?
What is the (historical) significance of the name Kazamatsuri?
About "Hoshi no Hitomi no Silhouette"
Why are there outlying towns/cities on the walls in Shingeki no Kyoujin?
What is the correct order of watching of the Ghost In The Shell series?
What did Mikura see that are coming in the finale?
Who is this girl police, likely a crossover character, in episode 4?
What was Ayu's third wish?
What are the exoskeletons in Heart x Hybrid (Masou Gakuen) called?
How is Maria†Holic shoujo-ai/yuri?
How is it possible for Trunks to fight with Goku Black, and hold his own better then either Goku or Vegeta?
Why was it the Junker that proved to Yumemi that she was "malfunctioning"?
Next episode preview song in Darker Than Black
Where can I read Re:Zero web novel in English from the beginning (vol. 1) until now?
Why doesn't Naruto have/use his Six Paths power?
Why did Rem go crazy when she used her horn at the forest, but not when she was young?
Why isn't Subaru allowed to tell anyone about his "return by death" power?
What manga chapter is episode 219 of Naruto Shippuden from?
In what year(s) does the Monogatari series take place?
Why was it so easy to defeat Toneri, Kinshiki and Momoshiki?
Why can't Titans attack using the canals passing through the walls?
Why did Rayquaza get a mega evolution?
Is there anything I'm supposed to have read before starting Kochikame?
What is this song in episode 2 of Tokyo Ghoul: Root A?
Why does Betelgeuse freak out at the presence of a "lesser spirit" in episode 22?
What is One Piece doing to keep it one chapter/episode?
What is the song at 7 minutes in to Yozakura Quartet (Hana no Uta) Episode 6?
Where to read continuation of Re:Zero anime after episode 24?
How is the Rinne Sharingan awakened?
In 5 Centimeters per Second, why was Takaki struggling in love?
Why do bad/evil characters sometimes have no eyes?
Was it a Time Traveling Idol? Or just a Hallucination?
Are Hollows defeated by humans who are not Quincies considered as destroyed or "purified"?
Was Swordfish Knight a reincarnation of Anima?
What happened at the end of Tokyo Ghoul?
Who is the man being executed in episode 1?
Is Doflamingo blind in one eye?
Name of the song that Conan played in Season 1 Episode 11: Moonlight Sonata Murder Case
Why so few Iwatobi Swim Club members?
How much does the light novel of Re:Zero differ from the anime at the end of episode 21 (Subaru/Rem scene)?
Significance of Aang's left eye and hand lighting up
What is the chronological order of watching Berserk?
Why does the use of CGI in anime seem unrealistic as compared to other western animations?
Why didn't the Geass work on Kallen the second time?
Who is this man in the cover page of One Piece chapter 839?
How and why does Wilhelm win against Theresia?
How can Mewtwo Mega Evolve?
How do Pokemon Mega Evolve by themselves?
What are the differences between the Major anime and manga
Is there a connection between the Sephirot and Tales of the Abyss?
red-haired crew, no devil fruit, still really strong?
Why did Kuro not burn out completely during the bath sequence with Irisviel?
Are there any other Guinness world record holders?
Does anyone know the violin song that Toshiya Miike plays after Kousei's performance in episode 13?
Is Nanatsu No Taizai inspired from Ubel Blatt?
Why didn't Kushina die when the Nine Tails was released from her?
Who was the One-Eyed King after all?
What's with all the weird writing/symbols in the hot springs in 3rei?
How do Ditto breed?
In the Japanese dub, is there any parallel to Baobao's use of Sichuanese?
How does Kazuma actually die in the beginning of the anime?
What episode does Natsu achieve Natural Dragon Force?
How does the English Sub/Dub system work?
Light's actions before hiding his death note
How could Kakashi make a Perfect Susanoo with only two MS when Sasuke needed a Rinnegan?
Why didn't Kurapika manipulate Uvo to tell him all the information about the Phantom Troupe?
To do a 'Unison Raid', do you have to have the same type of magic?
What is the main purpose of Portgas D. Ace's death?
Tennouji Yuusha?
How long after the first series does Love Live Sunshine take place?
How many times has Mob reached 100%, and what emotion surfaced each time?
What is the price does Shinsuke pay for the assistance of the flower god?
Why isn't blood pink in the Future Arc (Mirai-hen), like it is on other Danganronpa media?
How does a mangaka get paid?
Why does Zamasu know Goku in the future?
Where is Yui stored in SAO II?
How many years Goku and Vegeta were training in Dragon Ball Super?
How strong is Trunks in Dragon Ball Super?
Why is Nanatsu no Taizai : Seisen no Shirushi only 4 episodes?
Is Sasuke's teleportation technique just substitution jutsu?
How can Rock Lee stand on water?
Who altered Δ Hidden Forbidden Holy Ground and removed Aura's Statue?
What reason was Madara talking about in Chapter 661 ?
In the manga, what evidence did readers have about the identity of Miyu's brother?
What is the song when Sinbad is attacked by a woman with a baby in her arms on episode 7?
Why is illumi after alluka?
Are these constellations real?
How can a human like Yuto or Abe no Seimei live in Magano?
Why does Suzuki speak in both English and Japanese?
Who is the most-connected (in the "six degrees" sense) seiyuu?
Can Zeno really not die?
Did Meruem propose to Komugi by asking her to hold his hand?
Why didn't Tobi capture Sora for his 9 tails chakra?
Why did Aoi suddenly hesitate to suffocate Asuha in the last episode of Qualidea Code?
Where is it mentioned that Gon didn't get his Nen back after being healed by Something/Nanika?
What was Ging trying to accomplish at the election of the 13th Chairman?
Who the heck is Baba Micchi?
Haki Hardness Grades?
Does Luffy touch his enemies in Gear Second?
Why doesn't Rin save Saber in episode 24 of Unlimited Blade Works?
Do the Quincy know of the consequences of their power?
Have there been any hints by writers about Blast?
Which media should I read to continue from where the Re:Zero anime left off?
Does Rin's Eclipse scene "Beginners" in Fate/hollow ataraxia follow the UBW route?
What song plays in the beginning of Noragami episode 12?
Strawhat Grand Fleet's status relative to Heart Pirate
Besides Naruto, Jiraiya and Minato, who else is in contract with Toads?
Does the name Jiraiya mean something that connects these 2 instances?
What are the differences between all those different ki blast attacks?
How does Subaru hold his own against Felt?
Do Kaname's parents know he isn't really their son?
Was Griever created by Squall's mind?
Why are the chapters named after other works?
Why is Rin's butler Emiya Shirou in UBW true ending?
In what order do you watch the fullmetal alchemist?
Ending of 91 Days
Why it is called 91 days if there were only 12?
Do the people of Kioka follow the Alderan religion?
Who do the hands that help form Naruto's Final Rasengan belong to?
What does Satella whisper to Subaru as he spams declarations of his return by death?
What is the source for 50 total episodes of Twin Star Exorcists?
Is Vegeta now capable to transform to SSJ3 or SSJG?
Who is Mizuki Kusanagi's father?
How was it SHIKI saved Shiki?
Was there any hint of the year before it is revealed?
In the opening scene, why does Hiratsuka-sensei get held up by some policemen?
Baki manga reading order?
Did Vegeta ever called Goku his earth name "Goku" in Japanese dub?
What is the name of song from Code Geass in episode 5 when the Lancelot is saving Jeremiah?
What is the song when Sakura sees Naruto's fox form in "Naruto Shippuden" episode 43?
What was the first time when Krillin witnessed Kamehameha wave?
Where was Echelon mentioned in the Ghost in the Shell series?
What chapters of akame ga kill cover the anime?
Who was the first young character in anime to appear with white hair?
Nanatsu no Taizai episode 14 song?
How did Zeref "Black Wizard" get cursed?
Where did Jiraiya obtain important information?
Is Assassination Classroom the Movie 365 Days a continuation of the manga?
What's the song in Tokyo Ghoul when Tsukiyama tries to stop Kaneki?
Who is the being with 2 eyes in Magi chapter 323?
Can the Tales of Games be grouped storyline-wise?
Does Sasori control Sharingan-wielding puppets?
What's Kyocera to do with an anime adaptation of Koyomi's life?
What episode did Naruto combine Nine-Tails Chakra Mode and Sage Mode?
Which episode explains the meaning of the symbols on the palm of the hands?
Why not a single Shinigami was surprised by fact, that Ichigo has Zanpacto?
Dying with a SMILE
What is the significance of the X on people's faces from Shouya's perspective and why does Ueno get the X on and off?
Why is Zamasu alive in the future when he was killed by Lord Beerus in Dragon Ball Super?
What is the anime that is set in the most distant future of today?
What song is this in Bleach Episode 51?
Why hide Naruto's identity?
How can regalia control ayakashi?
What are the exact abilities of the Rinnegan?
Are Yusuke and Jin half brothers?
How important is transmutation circle pattern?
Was Aquors created to rotate out μ’S?
The significance of characters having initial D in their name in One Piece
Why would Mori Summer use the same incantation as Tyrant Eye?
How was Fuhrer King Bradley able to grow old?
Is there any explanation for the Rinnegan being on people?
When is One Punch Man season 2 airing?
How could spirit bomb kill Majin Buu?
Significance of the different designs of Tobi's/Obito's masks
Story gap between Manga Arc 2 and 3?
What are those devices in Ghost in the Shell they use to arrest suspects?
How much is A.K. willing to pay for Mirai's nude photos?
What's the name of the song at 9:53 of episode 471 in Naruto: Shppuden?
When and who gives Izayoi the sun authority of Leo?
Has this painting appeared anywhere else besides Angel Beats! and Charlotte?
What is the technical term for the "consecutive, discrete zoom-in shots" and what is its origin?
Where do I read Hunter x Hunter?
Did the following characters of Gotei 13 make it alive?
Why can Tobi not just use space-time ninjutsu to capture Bee and Naruto?
How was Madara able to summon Susanoo after he was revived by Rinne Tensei no jutsu?
Where is Enel going after fight with Luffy?
Which route is the Rewrite anime based on?
Are all (or most) of the clips in the DBZ opening theme song from the series episodes?
What is the background music played in Psycho-Pass episode 7 at 13:37?
Why do people keep comparing Shinji to Yesod?
Why does Gray have to kill END?
Clear explanation of karma-kun's answer to the final math problem in Assassination Classroom?
How did Shisui awakened his Mangekyo Sharingan?
Why does Naegi call Togami "kun" and Aoi "san"?
Did Kiyoshi have an injured knee even before being seriously injured by Kirisaki Daīchi High?
What are the differences between the two personalities of Seijūrō Akashi?
Which Type combination still exist for which there are no pokemon?
If he even has one, what is Dragon's devil fruit power?
Has someone ate the gum-gum fruit before Luffy?
Name or link to the instrumental that plays at 11:47 - 14:58 in Tokyo Ghoul season 2 episode 11?
How is Straight Tomoe Mangekyō Sharingan awakened? How is it superior to normal Mangekyō Sharingan?
Why is Zeke interested in Eren?
Space-Time ninjutsu of Tobi
Why is the fee for Yato-gami to do things just ¥5 (5 Yen)?
Can Naruto use Rinnegan techniques if he were to implant it?
What are Amanchu's uniforms inspired by?
What is the logic behind Sephiroth's forms?
How closely related do two Uchihas have to be in order for one to obtain the Eternal Mangekyō Sharingan?
What was Natsu dreaming about in Lucy's room?
Manga volume for end of season 1 of Bleach anime
Can the Eternal Mangekyō Sharingan be obtained by implanting a normal Sharingan?
How did Crocodile become a warlord?
Why didn't Ranma just tell Akane that P-chan is Ryoga?
Ratio of key frames to in-between frames in anime
Could Goku actually be an earth "Prince"?
What type of government do the countries in Naruto have?
Which manga chapter of Natsume Yuujinchou has a mask youkai that possesses people?
Is Yuri!!! on Ice anime shounen ai?
Language of the elf-like people?
When should I watch The New Captain, Shusuke Amagai Arc?
Why Gowasu didn't foresee that Zamasu will turn rogue?
Is Chi's Sweet Home 3D a sequel or a reboot?
Who named Pan's character?
Sasuke's clan dream
Why is Chi-Chi less of a a nag on Goten?
Can Sanji use COA(Color of Arms/Busoshoku)?
In chapter 507, what did Eileen mean when she said they are one and the same?
Could Sasuke revive his clan by using Samsara of Heavenly Life technique that Nagato used to revive Konoha's fallen?
Whose hands are these in Assassination Classroom chapter 179?
A song in episode 2 of GitS: Stand Alone Complex
What was Nezu stuffing into his briefcase?
What is "Vrajass" a reference to?
Why is the title written differently in kana and romaji?
Where can I buy or download the soundtrack for Fairy Tail?
Time period between the use of dragon balls during Namek Saga
Why did Alphonse lose everything?
What song is playing at the beginning of episode 6 of Tokyo Ghoul √A?
Where can I buy the English translated of Monogatari light novels?
Which owl is the source of Arima's quinque?
"Full-time Employment is a Loophole in the Law to Make Wages Lower"?
What is "The Miracle" that 10,000 fans of KimiUso voted for?
What do the half ghouls in CCG eat?
Why is Waya's username Zelda?
Is there only a single Throne of Heroes in the entire Type-Moon multiverse?
How can the counter guardians die?
How can Racer travel great distance in short amount of time?
Why aren't Japanese animation studios switching to digital art for production instead of pencil and paper?
What order did the events of Episode 2 happen?
Did Ash forget that Pikachu can use Volt Tackle?
How does Miyazaki portray his female characters within his films?
Why did Furuta leave Kaiko alive?
As of 2016, which has been the last Type-Moon work that's contained explicit content?
Why did Harime Nui's eye not heal?
What happened to Naruto's grandparents?
What exactly is the Poya-gun?
Origin of the king punch
Why don't English translated light novels retain the "backwards" page ordering?
Where can I read/buy the 4-koma spin-off manga Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu Dya (or Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu Ja)?
How did Menma die in Ano Hana?
Why Goku doesnt use the Super Saiyan Blue kaioken anymore?
What exactly is Trunks' new transformation?
How should I approach the Beck manga, having watched the entire anime adaptation?
What is happening in the first episode of Black Rock Shooter?
Why is it stated arbiters don't feel human emotions?
How can Toudou Kirin be ranked 1 if Claudia is undefeated?
What is the name of the song that plays at 5:28 in Noragami Aragoto episode 8?
Does the Hellsing manga cover more material than either anime series?
What does "Khorosho" mean?
Where to continue from the manga after two seasons of "A Certain Magical Index" and "A Certain Scientific Railgun"?
Canaria's song in Qualidea Code?
Who are these Tsukihime characters?
What happened to Yukari Yukino in Kimi no Na wa?
What are the revolvers from Trigun called?
Can 3 people fuse using the potara earrings?
Is super saiyan blue supposed to be 50 times stronger than super saiyan god?
Does using god ki in base form makes you stronger than turning into super saiyan?
Are the districts inside the walls 'Elodia'?
What do the numbers shown when a character is introduced mean?
Are there any new/conflicting rules in the Death Note Movies?
Did Kakashi attain an Eternal Mangekyou Sharingan?
Does Kyouya get his Cursed Sword Gram back?
Does Keima's mother know Elsie and/or Haqua's real identity?
Why do some girls like Oikawa?
What does "dog's circle" mean?
Was it a katana?
Why is Chiisaku Natta Meitantei considered the "real" first episode?
In Fairy Tail, are Ishigar and Alakitasia the only two continents?
Is it possible for someone to awaken the Mangekyou Sharingan before they even awaken the Sharingan?
What's the name of the music track that plays at 14:08 in Episode 764 of One Piece?
Is the grip shown in Hikaru no Go really used by expert Go players?
Has Zoro ever called Sanji by his name?
After the conclusion of his last fight, is Kisuke Urahara dead?
Was L suspicious of all Light's girlfriends or only Misa?
Why was Misaki in the basement of the hospital?
Are Mr.5 and Miss Valentine still alive?
Was this samurai the inspiration for the blind general's character in One Piece?
The pun worked in English, but what was it in Japanese?
Why did Infinite Stratos light novel change publishers?
Visual novel profits and costs
Has Crocodile already "awakened" his Devil Fruit Power?
How old were Sting and Rogue relative to the other Dragon Slayers at this key point in the timeline?
Do the events of the Dragon Ball movies happen to some extent in the series?
How much can Makarov grow?
Does Jellal love Erza?
Is the Japanese well-translated to "kalos" here?
What's the name Hakumen no Mono wanted to be called as?
Trunks using Mafūba
What kind of Super Saiyan transformation did Trunks use when fighting Zamasu?
What does Kousei mean by not being able to hear the piano?
What is this expresison/anime trope called?
Which episode of Dragon Ball / Dragon Ball Z characteres started to have auras?
Are Awakened Zoan users able to change form?
Help identifying a song at the beginning of episode 1 of Your Lie in April
Who is this character?
Is Pokemon Sun and Moon's story new or a continuation?
Was the Flare-Flare Fruit that Sabo ate real? Or was it a fake made by Caesar?
How did Future Trunks learn the Spirit Bomb Technique?
Laxus' plan. Would he have fought Makarov?
Where is Nagato's body?
Why is Gotenks never seen going Super Saiyan 2, only 3?
Which episodes show the battle between Naruto with Madara and Tobi?
Do all Uchihas have fire nature chakra?
Why does Moa's 3D/mini form look different from her 2D/full-size form?
Why are Chinese names in anime sometimes rendered in English using the Japanese pronunciations?
What did Zeno destroy?
Are there more Exceeds and dragon slayers other than the known 4?
Why does Zeref want to kill Acnologia?
In which episode does Rei Ayanami have a life reflection dialogue?
Why do anime characters have pointy chins?
UBW episode 25 true ending: Why is Rin sad whenever the sun sets/rises?
What is written inside the ring Yui and Rena share?
Is the priest aware of Poco's true nature?
Is there an official English pronunciation of Planetes?
At what point in the Strike Witches timeline does Brave Witches take place?
What does 'production minutes' mean?
How long does a Hokage stay in power?
To which Singaporean building does the one in this still correspond?
When Tsunade told Naruto to not use the Rasenshuriken, couldn't he have just used a clone?
Kakashi's face without the mask
Filler episodes
Which episode is this eye in hand from and what is its purpose?
How much did the Re:Zero anime adapt the light novel and did it skip any content?
What are this headwing that appear after Sailor Moon/Sailor Chibi Moon transforming?
Why is it that all Kuki family members have X scar on their forehead?
How much of Kimi no Iru Machi is adapted?
Can Arrancar never fully remove their masks?
How was Aizen building up the Espada before getting the Hogyoku?
Does each Kaioshin have their own God of Destruction?
Why is there no Mardock Scramble full manga online?
Are there more volumes of THE BREAKER?
What is the relationship between the Byakugan, Rinnegan, and Sharingan?
Why does Akiha have a physical reaction to Shiki's collapse?
When was the first time Goku turned into SSJ2?
Did Pokemon start off as a Manga?
How did Izuna Uchiha die?
Why did Hinami (Tokyo Ghoul) ask what it felt like to be in love?
How did Madara fake his death during his battle with Hashirama?
How did Zeref become dormant?
What order should I start watching the Naruto series if I already started on the show
What piano piece is Emil Nekola skating to in his short program?
How many arcs will dragon super have left?
Was Vegito SSJ1 or SSJ2 when fighting Buu?
Are Wendy Marvell and Sherria Blendy a couple?
What does the Valis symbol in Danmachi look like?
From which chapter the manga continues after the end of the anime?
What is the power order of the Straw Hats?
Romantic moments for Luffy (and other Straw Hats)
How many girls does the main character conquer?
Is Master Roshi really bald?
How did Nagato choose the paths of Pain?
What is the Hitotsubashi faction?
Why did Eren survive getting eaten?
Will they stop treating Sasuke as the main character in Naruto?
Are the chicks and devils that appear on character's heads an allegory for their state of mind?
What exactly the demons gain from their "contracts", and how do they "level up" from executing contracts?
What is the extent of Haki's power?
Why do series like Detective Conan continue to produce filler when they have so much manga content to cover?
Is Souma Yukihara the 9th seat after defeating Akira Hayama?
How to purchase an OST?
Are some "read the manga" endings planned?
Why aren't most of the phones in anime smartphones?
How did Shanks manage to stop Kaido?
How many characters have Haoshoku: King's haki
What is the name of this song in ep1 Hibike Euphonium 2
Why does Selim Bradley have a nipple on his forehead?
What is Acnologia's element?
Where are Yoshida Shouyou's "Other" students currently?
Why was Gai resurrected?
What happened to Hawky?
Does Gods using other God's name also happens in real life?
How long does it typically take for popular anime to be dubbed in English?
What is the difference in cost for anime aired on TV and online anime?
What is the production order of digimon?
Were there more than two Death Notes?
What happened to Yuuki at the end of the manga?
Why isn't Misaka Mikoto's face widely recognized?
Why is part of Tokyo sealed off?
Where did the eighth Buranki fall?
How could Misaka 10032 be measuring Touma's life signals while holding his right hand
How did the pact affect the Sand Village in a way they wanted to attack the Hidden Leaf?
In Gundam Unicorn, when Audrey reveals final coordinate, why does Banagher feel unease
Could Senzu Beans cure diseases as well?
Is GaoGao-chan based/inspired on Stitch?
Why was Goku the only Z Warrior to contract the Heart Virus?
Can humans use god ki?
How much time has passed between the final fight and Sasuke Shinden (anime)?
How did the Hyuga clan come to be?
Analysis of target demographic?
Is there any connection between the Gundam series?
Why are some Titan Shifters able to harden their Titan bodies when most can't?
How do Japanese viewers watch the Japanese dub of RWBY?
What's the song when young Kureo Mado is facing the one-eyed owl on episode 2 of Root A?
OVA #6: Name of song at 0:18?
Why is Greninja Ash's only bonded Pokémon?
Why did the Deucalion lift off from underwater in the start of Season 2 in Aldnoah Zero?
What are the requirements to be a warlord?
Gekko Moria's whereabouts?
Did L win against Light?
Death of a character in the Baratie arc
What are the differences between the cut and uncut versions of "Naruto" anime (not "Shippuden")?
Why do character colors sometimes suddenly change?
When and by whom was Deadman Wonderland created?
Did Obito let Kakashi win?
The premise regarding demon, hole in the heart, and child
Is the old man from episode 2 the same person we see later?
Why does the old man in episode 2 describe Oubu as "a part" of the thing that razed Ueno?
What happened to London?
Why do the non-Japanese characters sometimes refer to Buranki as "déraciné"?
How is it that Maxim, Lyudmila, and Diana have three Bubuki amongst them?
Confusion about ending of Oregairu Season 2
When do Sanji's half of the crew board Big Mom's ship for the first time?
Why those "magical names" sound so much like forum handles?
Why is Nisekoi's name written in Katakana?
Questions regarding Goku's special training as shown in episode 71 of Dragon Ball Super
Why didn't Edward Elric get his leg back?
Are the Crab God and other supernatural creatures metaphors?
Is Obi in love with Shirayuki?
Why is it (almost) always a 10 years gap? What is so special with 10 years intervals?
Who is the wife of trunks?
Salary of the Prize Queen?
What is the symbol of the Uchiha clan supposed to be?
What card game is being played by The Phantom Troupe?
What does Ango Sakaguchi's ability "Discourse on Decadence" do?
How do Toads in Naruto produce Oil?
Is the title, Tanaka-kun Is Always Listless, a good translation?
Is there a reason for this broken "Fly"?
Why did the Sound and Sand villages want to destroy the Leaf Village?
Why was "Gold Wedding Ring" displayed for less than a second?
What is "Creed" in the Matoi Universe?
What card game are they playing in S02E12?
What happens to Eureka and Renton at the end of "Eureka seven"?
Did Itachi Uchiha want to be Hokage when he was young?
Has canonicity changed in Dragon Ball?
When does the Bible come up in "Miss Bernard said"?
Is the Super Saiyan 4 transformation from Dragon Ball GT confirmed non-canon?
What were the hidden hints pointing at the identity of experimental subject 1 in ReLife?
How is Madoka not a god anymore at the end of Rebellion?
What is the name of the music that plays when zoro has a flashback to fighting the humandrills during the fishman island arc?
Differences between the Overlord light novel and manga
What did Koui (Qiaoyi) see at the very end of the anime?
Why did Itachi poke Sasuke's forehead?
That reoccurring heavy metal song in Fairy Tail... what is it?
Is the anime "BTOOOM!" an adaptation of a movie called "The Condemned"?
Why is it that many yokai wear masks?
Why Goku super saiyan blue's power up aura glows different colors inside lately?
How does Aqua not purify her beloved alcoholic drinks?
Who is this character from a Dragon Ball videogame?
Goku's death counter?
Why is Law unable to use Shambles against Doflamingo and simply drown him in the ocean?
Does Sasuke really need a new arm?
Is Kira (Yagami Light) an antihero or a villain?
Is Super Saiyan Rosé Goku Black's version of the Super Saiyan Blue or his version of the original (golden) Super Saiyan?
Who leaked info on section 9's kidnapping of Mr. Serano?
How does Madara have Rinnegan in both eyes?
How did Aizen start the Holllowfication on Shinji's team?
In which order R1, R2 and Akito the Exiled need to be watched?
Why are there so many books in Suruga Monkey?
What are the characters that has their own unique abilities throughout the DB series?
Kawakami Minoru authors light novels reading order?
Can Konohamaru summon the Monkey King Enma?
Why is "-the Maxim-" in the title?
What caused Ruka to change?
How could Makoto Shishio break Sanosuke's futae no kiwami?
Why does Nagato have Rinnegan when he was awakened using the reanimation jutsu?
What's the "right" order to play the Grisaia Spin-offs?
Strongest beings in High School DxD
Why are Sailor Senshi earthlings?
Why has she not changed at the end of Suruga Monkey?
Order to read Higurashi no Naku Koro Ni
Did Saitama have some level of superhuman strength before training?
Why is there no reanimated Uchiha fighting in fourth shinobi war?
What was the point of Sakura's bed doll being dressed as Sakura is in her dream?
After stopping Yami in her Darkness Mode, how long did it take for Lala to recover her teenager body?
Does Mr. Braun still have his secret occupation in the beta world line (1%)?
Why are unrelated one-shots by Masami Tsuda included in compilations of Kare Kano?
Is Tanaka's high school more fancy than most in Japan?
Why didn't Kabuto resurrect Jiraiya during the Great War?
What does the title of first chapter of Attack on Titan (進撃の巨人 Shingeki no Kyojin) mean or signify in the context of manga?
What year is Akatsuki No Yona set in?
Shouldn't Astarte be under Kojou's control?
Hellsing Organization: Is it Anglican or Protestant?
In JoJo: Diamond is Unbreakable, why didn't Joseph use Hermit Purple to find Kira's new identity?
Are the Quincy naturally stronger than the Soul Reapers?
What exactly happened to Yuta Gamon?
Who is "Miyuki-senpai"?
Can you merge 2 doujutsu? And can someone with prolonged and irriversable damage in their eyes have a successful eye transplant?
Do filler episode characters ever appear in the main storyline?
What is the Keijo manga release cycle?
What case is Naoto remember in Yosuke's horror story?
What does this symbol represent on this payphone?
Is Headon involved with FUG?
Did Yuno torture Yukiteru's mother in the first world?
Eighth gate of Gai
What is the background of March Comes in like a Lion meets BUMP OF CHICKEN?
Is it known whether Kaori Miyazono is half-Japanese?
What is the name of the OST playing in Episode 5 of Himouto! Umaru-chan at 10:34?
What is the song playing in the prologue of episode 150 of One Piece?
What song played right after the OP of Parasyte Episode 10?
Song from final episode of Your Lie in April
What is "the pose" Eren did in chapter 89?
Song playing at the end of ep 127 of Fairy Tail
What sources are Nico's cool lines taken from?
Anime sound bite repository?
How much of the manga did the anime Akatsuki no Yona (Yona of the Dawn) cover?
How much of the light novels does the anime Sword Art Online covers (so far)?
How much of the manga did the anime adaptation of The World Is Still Beautiful cover?
Why is King Kai still dead?
Is the intersection of people killed by Cell and Majin Buu still dead?
Why are shows like Gundam and Dragon Ball not available on iTunes (or other services)?
Has a manga series ever affected Jump or similar magazines sales a lot?
Why was Shonen Jump called Shonen Jack in Bakuman Anime?
What are the orange stripes and fire that Eren's Titan body gets when fighting the female Titan for the second time?
Is One Piece Film Gold canon or not?
Is Kanji part of their writing system besides their unique alphabets?
Which episode does Sakura tell Lady Tsunade to not to overestimate Shikamaru?
Is distorted calligraphy used in the season 1 opening of Ushio to Tora?
Would it be illegal to host a anime streaming website?
What is the current legal/licensing status of Macross in the USA?
Why Tifa is conscious in The Last Order?
Why does the Port Mafia need a licence?
What is the background music in Your Lie in April that starts from 14:45 min in episode 4?
Could All Might pass his quirk to multiple people by feeding them his hair?
What is this song from Episode 53 of Hunter x Hunter?
What did Jinbe lose in Charlotte's roulette?
What decides that a anime series gets a sequel or not?
Who/what is Gamers and what is their connection to the Love Live series?
What Idol Groups in Love Live have real life counterparts?
Where did Asuka think "Monaka" came from?
Does Satan even understand Yuri's dream of peace?
Hasn't Love Live occurred in previous years?
Does Nenene Sumiregawa seem like a Kansai-jin?
Why doesn't Yukio face the same prejudice as Rin do for bring the son of Satan?
Who generally owns the rights for a manga or anime?
Why do characters in One Piece have weird signature suffixes to their lines?
Where did the 9 tails of Sora go?
In Soul Eater, does the rest of the world know about Demon Weapons and the DWMA?
Why did BiBi change their center in their live shows for the song Love Novels?
What's He Smokin'?
Sword Art Online - is Offline season 2 included in the DVD?
Where can find the full version of Dragon Ball Super's sixth ending?
Why was the world of SAO not dominated by good real-life fencers?
Per-Episode Original Air Dates for Early 1980s Anime (Golion, Dairugger)
What is the significance (or lack thereof) of Nausicaa's broken sword?
What is the song that plays at the end of episode 3 after Yuri finishes his performance?
Why does Mayoi get embarrassed about this tongue twister?
What is the kaioken-like red aura produces by Chichi when she's mad?
Which song was played in Naruto Shippuden episode 378 at about 20:00?
Future Dragon Ball Super trailer analysis
What should I watch first? The Last: Naruto the movie or Sasuke's story sunrise arc?
What is Soul Eater's real name?
Can user attack a shadow clone with genjutsu?
Is there an app or program that relates anime & manga with their source material?
What is the harpsichord music being played at the school?
Who's stronger, Vados or Beerus?
How can Brook see and hear without organs?
Why did Mikoto Suoh allow himself to be captured?
Do we know if Ginyu is in his real body?
What happens to humans inside titans when they die?
Is Kami's lookout connected to Korin's tower?
Is there a significance of the term "Ribbon Girls"?
Why did Gohan lose his mystic form?
Where do the new super saiyan transformations fit in the power scale?
How long after Shisui's death did the Uchiha massacre take place?
What happens to the human inside the titan when the titan dies?
Which chapter should I start on in OPM Webtoons?
"Preview" images in anime OPs
Why is Smith's wall clock open at night?
How do the different media for No. 6 fit in with each other?
What exactly happens during a Captain's Exam?
What color does Reimu's eye have?
Was Vegeta's design altered mid series?
Is this end card fan drawn, or from the manga or anime?
How does wind chakra amplify water style?
Why did Ash became a child back in Sun Moon Series?
Can any other saiyan attain Super Saiyan Rage?
Where did future Trunks go after the Goku Black Saga?
Can I find these details about Android #17 in any manga or spin-off anime?
Future Lucy's right hand?
Why didn't Madara absorb this technique?
Did Krilin get god ki?
Is there a reason for the child of Maria and Mamoru to be called Messiah?
Iron Blooded Orphans episode 41 (Season 2 episode 16) BGM
What is the song that plays when Muramasa charges at Ichigo?
In Naruto, why were women chosen to be Jinchuuriki of the Kyuubi?
Death in SAO before Kayaba announcement
In which countries was Dragonball Z aired (dubbed) before Dragonball?
Why did Ash need to go back to Pokemon School?
What chapter is episode 150 of naruto
What kind of technique is Madara using?
Are one-off openings and endings expensive to produce?
Naruto and Sasuke's arms
What app has the most comprehensive selection of English-translated digital manga?
Why did Yuuto try to dodge Rokuro's attacks?
Two different titles of Noragami manga, which one should I start?
Why did Suzaku laugh at the end of episode 17 of Code Geass R2?
What are the markings used above some song lyrics?
Why didn't Lelouch go to his father as soon as he got his Geass?
Is Nel realy an Arrancar?
Is "The Best Meat Buns" a double entendre in Japanese?
Why are Rin's classmates afraid of him in the first episode of Kyoto Fujouou-hen?
What is so dangerous about the Hyperbolic Time Chamber?
What are the paintings shown in the Classicaloid OP?
Why do the girls keep laughing at word like "skull" during the field trip?
What is the song played in episode 492 at 8:30
Were Sakura Haruno's parents ninjas?
Why does the Super Saiyan Transformation expose the Heart to Impurity?
Does the new Dragon Ball Super opening proves that Gohan is going to recover his mystic form?
What is Goku's red aura form in the new Dragon Ball Super opening?
Has Luffy ever killed anyone?
What is the difference between "Boruto: Naruto Next Generation" manga and "Boruto: Naruto the Movie"?
What is a 通信{つうしん} from a manga publisher?
Does Cocona's school correspond to any real-life building?
Where did Ash's Haunter go?
Where can I find Pokémon Adventures Volumes 1-3 Chuang Yi Version not Viz Media
When did Donquixote Doflamingo eat his String-String Fruit?
Are Elric brothers good at electronics?
Hilarious, but is it a "burger"?
What is the source of Sanji's flame power?
How can Madara Uchiha use Susanoo when he does not have 2 mangekyou abilities in his eyes?
What is context of lone girl staring at field in the ending?
Who was controlling the other Teddie?
What happened to Dr. Cid in Giruvegan?
What is Jirobo's last name?
What happened to Satou at the end of the last episode of season 2?
Code Geass R2 episode 7,there is a song playing at 6:40
Question about Danzo's Isanagi
What happens when a member of the main house of the Hyuuga clan marries a member of the branch house of the Hyuuga clan?
Is the mystic form stronger than SSJ3?
Which character names come from Spanish words?
Why do characters in K-ON refer to each other by given names?
Do Sharingan users experience its full potential when having mixed stages of eyes?
What does the Jormungand system even do?
Do these comment stickers from Pixiv come from anime?
Why doesn't Lee have Ninjutsu or Genjutsu? Can't everyone use their Chakra's and hand signs to do these stuff?
When does boruto series start?
Were the 9 tails statues in Naruto legit?
How many tallies does Toko Fukawa have on her leg exactly?
In Steamboy, what is the purpose of that equipment on this back and the bottle on his waist?
Weapon manifestations?
Where in Brotherhood does this screenshot of Ed and Al as children appear?
Do the details of these hands with Hebrew letters have any real-life meaning?
Would Saitama resume Training, If he was defeated in battle, in future?
Are there multiple realities in Re:Zero, or is it just one reality rewinding?
Does Touma Kazusa love Haruki in White album 2 anime and visual novel?
How much does Setsuna Ogiso love Haruki in White Album 2 anime and visual novel?
What is negative red/positive blue chakra?
Is Sora no Otoshimono anime non-canon?
In which chapter did Tincanpy grow hair?
What is Darkness saying while standing in front of Wiz's shop?
Question about the war strategy in the 4th great ninja war
Does anyone know what's written on the Funtom's Bitter Rabbit ear?
What will happen if one of the guardians (cloud, sun, rain etc.) dies?
Is the bird sigil from Geass users visible?
What's the meaning behind ZQN designation for the zombies in I Am A Hero?
Where there any other Master who didn't know their Servant's identity from the start?
In the anime continuity, is there any parallel to Lulu's mistake with the King of Ginko's castle?
Does the Chobits title "ちょびっツ" intentionally look like the word "STUDY"?
Who is Leilah in Tales of Zestiria the X?
Does Naruto only have the wind chakra nature?
Why was the kiss not shown?
Are the ice skaters in Yuri On Ice based on real life counterparts?
What is the song that plays 15 seconds before episode 56 fairy tail?
Are the English volume titles for EVA all referring to Bible verses, and if so, which ones?
How could Jiraya use sage mode by holding his hands?
How could Naruto use rasengan in tailed best chakra mode?
How is the concept of aura in Hunter x Hunter?
Which version of Rumoosh died?
Did Yugi duel against a prerecorded Pegasus or the real one?
Why was Grandpa Gohan never revived with the Dragon Balls?
How did Tobi control the reanimated jinchuuriki and their tailed beasts?
Chain Chronicle viewing order?
What's with the fantasy hair?
Does Dragonball super have only 1 underworld? Or one per universe?
What is the true meaning of this phrase in Dragon Ball Super episode 80?
Has the Master Ball failed at any point in the Pokemon anime?
What's this dance that Franky and Chopper are doing?
Does the Principal ever visit his granddaughter?
What is the difference between Kabuto's sage mode and Naruto's sage mode?
Are high school and middle school students not allowed to use a backpack?
Why do some page contain a rough sketch?
Are there different types of sage modes?
Why do Conan and the Detective Boys call Ai "Haibara-san"?
Why do some anime have episodes with spoiler titles?
What is the relationship between the end of season one and the short season two?
Can the Nine-Tails now leave Naruto's body at will?
Is there any in-universe explanation as to why some CAD have to look like guns?
What is written in the last scene of the Neon Genesis Evangelion opening?
How can Naruto talk to the tailed beasts?
Confused about Obito's ability
What does (present) Rin mouth when she sees her father and her past self at the shrine?
Which Pokémon cry out their name, and which don't?
Saitama source of income
Is mentioning the word Porygon illegal?
Why doesn't Hiashi Hyuga use the curse mark during the Fourth Great Shinobi War?
What is the piano song that was played around minute 9 of episode 11?
What is the music played during the fight between Juuzou and the Owl in episode 11 of Tokyo Ghoul Root A?
What is the Senju clan's speciality?
In the Pokémon anime who is this?
Why is "aku soku zan" used in different animes?
Didn't Supreme Kai know Beerus in the early episodes?
Is this proof than Piccolo is stronger than Trunks and Goten in DBZ?
What is song when Lucy explains to Cana about Mavis' grave at the end of episode 108?
Question about shadow clone jutsu
Does Durarara have NSFW scenes?
Are pilots produced but not released?
Where does "Accel World: Infinite burst" fit into the story?
Where did the trope of yaoi hands start?
Why is Joker more powerful than other users?
How did Madara start the Infinite Tsukuyomi without the Divine Tree?
Awakening the Rinnegan
How did Frieza come to know of the dragon balls?
What is the soundtrack that plays in Tokyo Ghoul root A, episode 9?
Why couldn't Minato store the nine tails in a different way?
Milk, regeneration properties for devil fruit users?
Who is the voice actor of Shouya's mother in Koe no Katachi (The Shape of Voice) movie?
Did zen-ohs play with real planets?
When does Naruto shonen jump end and shippuden begin
Why did the earth disappear in the final movie?
Cost of 'Original' vs Adapted Anime
Why did Minato's nine tails help in the fight?
Why are Haki attacks not effective on admirals (akainu, Kizaru, aokiji) in one piece?
Is there any "real life" episodes in Log Horizon?
What song is played in Naruto Shippuden episode 21 Sasori Real Face at 11:30?
Why does Lady Kumaria look like Sumika?
Senki Zesshou Symphogear season 1: Does anyone know the name of the track that plays at 23:46 during episode 12?
What's the song during the shogi match between Smith and Gotou in episode 13?
What is this Doc Tear Popper MAGES is looking for?
Why does Tohru always try to get Kobayashi to eat pieces of her tail?
Why did Clow Reed create the Clow Cards?
How did Light went unnoticed by his dad?
Any important information I need to know if I'm skipping the filler episodes of Bleach?
Is Chaos;Head a prequel to Chaos;Child?
Soundtrack of Naruto and Naruto Shippuden
How exactly do you cast the Infinite Tsukuyomi?
What is the exact purpose of the infinite Tsukuyomi?
What exactly is the "Ritual of The Divine Tree"?
Why did Madara and Kaguya stop the Infinite Tsukuyomi?
Why didn't Itachi kill Sasuke?
Art style choice?
Why does Akira retain her memories of her experiences as a Selector?
What is the difference between the new version and the old one?
Where can I watch Koe no Katachi?
Is there any equivalent to the "fujoshi"/"fudanshi" descriptors for yuri fans?
Why does Heathcliff (Kayaba) smile at the end in episode 14?
Can Naruto use planetary devastation?
Did Naruto and Sasuke receive the Sage of Six Path's chakra or Asura's and Indra's chakra?
Why didn't Sasuke put Naruto or his Kurama in genjutsu during Naruto vs Sasuke?
Could there be a Devil Fruit that makes you an outstanding swimmer?
Does the English version of Btooom! end at Chapter 88?
Why Japan makes most of Manga's which supplied to the world?
What's the music playing at the beginning of episode 130?
Kazusa true ending. Explanation of Setsuna's epilogue
What caused visions seen by Saki?
Where does Natsu and his party get money from, to pay their living cost?
Dragon Ball Super anime and manga. Do elements and concepts which exists in one, also exists in the other?
Are there any major difference between Season 1 and 2 of Dragon Ball Super and the Dragonball Z movies they are named from?
Does Sasuke have only one Rinnegan eye because he only got half of Hagoromo's chakra?
How much of the manga do I have to read before watching "Those Awaiting a Star"?
What is the name of song that plays in Naruto Episode 9?
How do you read a manga when a big section is adjacent to several small ones?
Do the albums mentioned below cover all soundtracks of the series Naruto and Naruto Shippuuden?
Where can I watch Sword Art Online Ordinal Scale?
Whats is the theme from Attack on titan when Erwin talks with the judge?
Does Hisoka conjure cards?
Different any art styles for characters
What does the end of this segment of Lucky Channel reference?
Rewrite: Moon and Terra ending
Fake anime or manga release as an April Fools Prank?
Is there a name for this anime/manga visual convention?
What's the song that plays at 13:31 in Kanon episode 18?
How did all the Gods of Destruction come to see the fight?
What is Kikuhiko's sexual orientation?
Where does the filler in Violinist of Hameln start?
How to explain to my 10 year old niece that Puella Magi Madoka Magica is not a kids show?
How often do multi-season anime break their previous cour count?
Why doesn't Archer seem to have feelings for Rin?
Why did Gilgamesh remain in the human world?
What's the song in episode 479 when Naruto and Iruka are at the swing and a flashback plays?
Would a Death note still work, if a heart attack could lead to someone else's death?
What exactly is the watch suppose to be keeping track of in episode 10?
Sending a wrong person due to name mistake to Hell
What language is the song "Fallen Heroes" in Akame ga Kill?
What is the music in episode 15?
Is there any hint or official data on how powerful Roshi is after the Saiyan Saga?
What is that "Oh yeah!" gesture that anime characters do called?
Why didn't Naruto's Rasengan beat Sasuke's Chidori?
What does Viktor yell in Yuri On Ice?
Why is anime so expensive to make?
Where can I watch Digimon Adventure Tri. in English online?
Is there such a thing as an 'Indie'/Alternative anime scene?
How can Goku sense King Kai and Supreme Kai(s), but not Lord Beerus?
What's the song in Naruto Shippuden 423 at the time 9:20 when Sakura teaches them how to make food pills?
What do Seiyuu do after they are no longer at the peak of their fame?
Krillin in Dragon Ball Super
Why do Japanese names change within a manga to have various forms at different times?
Why were the Chidori and Rasengan ever regarded as powerful jutsu?
What is the meaning and significance of the word "Sunagimo Umataro" (砂肝うま太郎) in Yuyushiki?
Does everyone from Naruto's generation have chakra within them?
How did Araragi become tolerant to the sun?
How is it that non reliable mangakas get work again and again?
Were the lure towns in Wall Maria evacuated?
Does the phone attached on the microwave need network to send D-mails in the past in Steins Gate?
What's the song in Bleach episode 119 from 17:15?
Mirai Nikki ending?
Can somebody please tell me who this figure is and where it is from?
Why did two hours pass before Kirika was asked to put away the pocketwatch?
Which was the wall Titan Eren sealed with a rock?
Is there a difference between Dragon Ball Z, Dragon Ball Kai and Dragon Ball Z Kai?
Why is Goku not using instant transmission?
How was wall Rose breached in season 2 of Attack of Titan
Who is stronger, Naruto or Sasuke?
Could you trick a user of a Death Note into misspelling the names of the Kira task force four times?
How do hand-seals work when performed with another participant?
In what episode of Naruto did the chief turn out to be evil?
What is the Triskelion supposed to do?
What happens to Kaneki's Kagune?
What are the names written on the back of Yuri Nazarov's photograph?
Where can I watch Hentai Ouji to Warawanai Neko.: Henneko BBS?
Is there a difference between Clones and Shadow Clones?
Why didn't Naruto's arm grow by itself like Madara or Kaguya?
In in-universe time, how long did the "first" part of the movie last?
What's the OST playing in "No Regrets" OVA when Levi is fighting with Erwin?
Is Kakashi in love with Kahyo from Kakashi Hiden?
Is Silvana's comment about the moon in her exchange with Mireille a real life quote?
Who exactly is running the One Piece government?
Akagami no Shirayukihime letters or font?
Why did Madara pose as Tobi when with Deidara?
Naruto shippuden episodes
What novel does Teshigawara allude to in chapter 2.2 of "Earthbound"?
ClariS and Fushimi Tsukasa
Is 17 really "slightly stronger" than 18?
Which chapters of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei manga are animated?
What is the song that plays at the end of episode 260 when Zoro senses Ship Slasher T-Bone?
Where do Naruto's movies fall between episodes (I want to know the certain number of episodes that must be watch before each movie
Are manga artists underpaid?
Combination Chakra Natures
Kekkei Tota Bloodline limit passing
How strong is Natsume Takashi?
Anime deviation from manga
Is it possible to use Chidori without Sharingan?
What is being shown in this Bleach panel?
What do people mean when they say "Notice me, senpai"?
Does Sentai Filmworks' tend to offer lower quality of anime DVDs in America? If so, why?
Can Ghouls drink water?
Does 17 has ki?
Why do some mangaka like Ishida Sui have a mysterious air?
Which of Ash's Pokemon faints the most?
What does Kikuhiko mean by saying "what I did to your daughter" to Sukeroku?
Was Ben Beckman based on the real-world pirate Henry Avery?
Do ghouls also live outside Japan?
Which music artist and manga artist/light novelist has the longest number of episodes working together?
Was the Tokyo Ghoul OP made before the Anime or specifically for the anime?
Does Beatrice know about Return By Death?
Where can I find the manga for Guilty Crown?
Why is Hinata's hair short?
What is this symbol used in Kabaneri of the Iron Fortress?
Does the Boruto anime have a different story line from the manga?
why does goku not go super saiyan god when he versus omega at full power with all the balls
What was the working title of Kimi no Na wa?
Boruto's Right Eye
Can Byakugan read mind?
What does Shu's void tell us about his personality?
Where was Nunnally between the end of the Black Rebellion and her appointment as Viceroy of Area 11?
Dungeon Defense's Korean web novel ending?
Can Gaara Survive Without Sleep?
Yamato's Wood Kekkei Genkai
Does Naruto still have Six Paths Sage Mode?
What is the name of the song that plays at 12:40 in Noragami Aragoto episode 7?
Does the author or publisher decide a character design?
how much gravity were Trunks and Vegeta training when they trained together before the martial arts tournament?
Are the Elric brothers half-homunculus?
Who are these two students in the back of Itoshiki's class?
Why is this panda chasing XP-tan?
How many character have similar appearance with Saber (Arturia)? And who are they?
Euros? What's so funny about it?
Does anyone know what the name of the music is in episode 6 of Parasyte -the maxim- from 7:19 to about 8:30?
How can Temari live with Shikamaru?
What did cause the war between Marleyans and Eldians?
What is the language used on food can?
Who are the three illusionists that have deceived Vindice?
Who's this person in the middle of the auditorium supposed to be?
Shisui's Suicide
Difference between original broadcast and Special Edition (OVA)
Are the Japanese names of the characters from Ente Isla references to something?
Why could Ymir read the can, but Reiner could not?
What exactly is "Sakuga" and how it pertains to the animation quality?
Why do the humans that can turn into titans kill other humans?
How can Itachi's genjutsu act on Mecha-Naruto "Robot"?
What happened to Charioces XIV through XVI?
Is a specific person responsible for the GATE in GATE: Thus the JSDF Fought There?
If Saitama met Tatsumaki, who would win?
Did Gohan ask Piccolo to do fusion?
Can 2 different species do a dance fusion and work?
How much time passed in Dragon Ball Super between the Resurrection of F saga and the Universal Tournament saga?
Is there a specific age timeline in Detective Conan?
Why does Arashigaoka Academy share a name with Wuthering Heights?
Was Re:Creators originally planned to feature fictional works that actually exist in the real world?
What does the ending of Death Note (manga) mean?
In Kimi no Na Wa., how long does the comet fragment take to reach Itomori Town?
is there any other human with non white / transparent ki in Dragon Ball aside Roshi's lilac ki?
How can I know if an anime is episodic or has a continuous plot?
Hidan's Chakra Element
Did Trunks turned Super Saiyan Rage in any chapter of the Dragon Ball Super manga?
Piccolo-Gohan fusion, can it be allowed in the Universal Tournament?
What or who is "Minami" in "Search for Minami"?
What is the blue glow around trunks SSJ2?
The Akimichi Clan Symbol
Manga Spoilers: Why didn't this character transform when injured?
Why is "Sousei no Onmyouji" translated to "Twin Star Exorcists"?
Why wasn't Kaori Miyazono famous?
Game of Thrones reference in One piece
Why didn't Misaki tell the extra person at the start?
What's the song playing in episode 15 when Suguha is practicing Kendo?
Indra's Mangekyo Sharingan
Music during the Goku and Beerus fight
Did Kaori know that Arima loved her?
When and How did Luffy get the Scar under his eye?
Why can't Alphonse trade his alchemy for Edward's alchemy?
Who writes the Dragon Ball Heroes manga?
Difference between Kumiho(Gumiho) and Kurama
Which special feature does the attack titan have?
What's the purpose and origin of the titans which arent titan shifters?
Can you kill people using photos?
Who is the 9th Titan shifter?
Who are these soldiers from Rider's Ionioi Hetairoi?
Dragon Ball Z (DBZ) and Dragon Ball (DB)
Why Reiner Braun is so nice and good with the members of the 104th training corps if...?
How many of the members of the 104th corps are titan shifters?
What do the names represent in Koe no Katachi soundtrack?
Track that plays during the fight scene in episode 22 of Parasyte
Is Junko Enoshima a masochist?
What's the difference between streaming anime via Steam and Crunchyroll?
What is Nami referring to in this this panel?
Why does Yui have a tail and shackles?
Why can't the Battle Front fight NPCs?
Did Yuzuru ultimately cause Hatsune's death?
What is the solar cycle that the male recruits follow?
Is there any physical difference between Gohan in base form and Gohan in mystic form?
Which was the name of this Rurouni Kenshin song?
What do we know about Yuri Katsuki's college education?
Is there a different relation between Kaede and Sia?
Do shadow clones copy user's injury?
What is the song in Hunter x Hunter when someone is about to power up?
Is there any canon source for Sora no Otoshimono?
Whose mask is this?
What is Christmas present Tohru gives Miss Kobayashi in episode 10?
Was the titan in the last episode of AOT S1 inside of the wall or on the other side? Also about walls origin
Which Bach piece is Saki Yoshizawa using for her ringtone?
Why can't Natsu generate magic from eating Flame in the Edolas Arc?
Toothbrush joke?
Who owns the Dragon Ball trademark and can officially decide what's canon or not?
Does the manga continue the story from the anime?
Why are Eren and Mikasa shown not to be in the Walls in some flashbacks?
Does the anti-Titan artillery exists in the anime?
Can mystic Gohan hold his own against Goku Super Saiyan Blue?
How are the gods forgotten?
Is Naruto homosexual?
What do I have to read/watch to understand the story of the Super Dragon Ball Heroes manga?
Is the Persona 5 manga considered canon?
What is the ID or account card in Quan Zhi Gao Shou?
Is Eren's Titan in "rage/flame" mode stronger?
Is there a complete physical archive of Weekly Shounen Jump (or Shounen Sunday or Shounen Magazine)?
Where do the scenes in the Dragonball Z English OP come from?
Has the anime for To Love-Ru caught up with the manga?
Who do Kiba and Tenten marry?
Will there be a season 4 of High School DxD anime?
What are the stats in DanMachi?
Where can I buy High School DxD English-translated novels?
Ryuuzetsu's Kekkei Genkai
Aren't Harutora and Natsume related?
Why are certain anime not on YouTube?
Why didn't Urame die when she was stripped?
Does Trunks have god ki already?
Shisui's Mangekyo Sharingan Recharge Period
Why does The Invincible take the form of an eye?
Unknown DBZ theme in "Find the Dragon Balls"
What is the complete story of King Artoria in Fate?
Are there races other than human?
How did Reiner Braun capture Eren?
Will the Androids in Universe 7 be disqualified?
Why would Aiz Wallenstein be upset upon being called "Aria"?
Is the Manias version of "Sanki Tousen" available as a single?
Who stole my candy?
How do the adventurers know the floor boss's names?
Who did the Spinning Wheel song in the English dub of the Garo Season 1 OVA?
How many of Dr Gero's Androids were actually Androids and how many were Cyborgs?
Which novels does The Sky Crawlers movie adapt?
Are there any differences between the movie adaptation and the novel of The Sky Crawlers?
Would Pan go Super Saiyan in Dragon Ball Super?
How does Yukihira Soma get into Totsuki Culinary Academy?
Manga Spoilers: Control over Rod Reiss
In what order should I watch Durarara?
What exactly is Sugimoto's relationship to Kawasaki?
What are the scientific inspirations for Steins;Gate?
Does Goku possess super quick talking skill?
In "Kiss Him Not Me" how does Kae just automatically become beautiful by just going to sleep?
Why the Colossus Titan and the armored Titan werent worried about being attacked by mindless Titan the first time they attacked?
Do the episode titles in Kado mean anything?
Preventing manga books from having yellow pages
Why all the "Re" in titles?
What is the episode of Naruto where the Second Hokage compliments Naruto on his Sage Mode abilities?
Where are the reanimated four hokages?
Does Kale super saiyajin green transformation have a name?
Why doesn't the Sage of Six Paths undo the Infinite Tsukuyomi himself?
How did Itachi get affected by Kotoamatsukami?
Could one wish for omnipotence in the Fate series?
Have the Ghost In The Shell animated movies made any profit?
Who decides the usage of furigana in a manga?
What percentage of hentai manga artists are female?
Can I watch Naruto Shippuden movies anytime?
Why did Ika Musume lose her squid powers?
Why did Miche choose to run away when there were Titans remaining?
How did Mineta Minoru get into UA?
Why is Wendy considered young to join the fairy tail guild
What is the language of the lyrics in "Replica" from Ghost in the Shell?
What does Rumi say/sing at the end of the OP for Tonari no Seki-Kun?
Has there ever been a Holy Grail War where the victor got their wish?
Why didn't the Survey Corps just use the top of the Walls as a way to get to Shiganshina?
Does anyone know the name of the two soundtracks that played during the fight between Goku and Android 17
What is it called when an anime character is emotionless on the inside and sweet/kind on the outisde?
Could titans suffocate?
Differences between the Ghost in the Shell anime and Live action
Trying to find a song from Assassination Classroom episode 19
What is the recommended order for watching "Barakamon" and "Handa-kun"?
Why there was only one episode of Black Clover?
Why doesn't Midoriya get any recommendations despite his good performance in the tournament?
Whose side is Ymir in?
What even is a Harvest Show?
What is Mike's rank in the Survey Corps?
Who are these people in the Kuzu no Honkai drama CDs?
How does Magane's power work?
In the sequence where Kazuo plays for Aihara, are both panels with a shifted style references to works of art?
How does Gemini have Lucy's keys?
How come when Loki summons himself with Karen it uses her power?
How come it seems like all Lucy's Spirits can summon themselves?
How can Angels Spirits disobey her?
Why doesn't the navy arrest every pirate entering Grand line
Is the Legendary Super Saiyan (green) transformation limitless in power?
Is the Makkachin tissue box based on Yuzuru Hanyu's tissue box?
Why did Akagi leave the opportunity to have a better hand in his first game?
Level 3 squirtle water gun attack
How do Celestial spirits have any time to recover while in the spirit world?
Whats the origin of Harem genre
How many attacks can the Eight Trigram justu go up to?
What does "Why didn't she ask EBA" mean in Hyouka?
Hobi-Hobi no mi on Yonka
Did Dragon cause the lightning at Lougetown
How did deva path pain get killed by a rasengan?
Is "Kimi ga Aruji de Shitsuji ga Ore de" based on an alternative setting of "Majikoi"?
What characters are "fictional characters" in Re:Creators based on
Does the Grand Magic Games have referees?
Would Super Dragon Ball grant these wish?
Why are Yubaba's spirit employees froglike?
How long did Killi's journey through "The City" took?
Why did most kages change in the Boruto movie?
Does Gon Have Feelings For Retz?
Who's the girl Panther Lily's with in the wedding dress pose off?
What is the "Twin Ciel" theory?
Why does Goku still train with King Kai?
Who is the person with purple hairs at the end of Kai season of Higurashi?
Is there a succinct list anywhere of all the general genres of anime?
Does Rei's favourite drink exist in real life?
The science behind Squall's Gunblade, if there is any?
Why do so many character names start with あ
what is the name of this OST of episode 14 of shingeki no kyoujin?
Has Sanji mutated?
What is the origin relatioinship between the Cursed Blood Clan and the Kyoukai no Kanata?
Is it possible to understand the One Piece storyline by watching the movies only?
Who were the ten staff members behind Kemono Friends?
What was text in final frame of Magi?
What does the sign language near the ending mean?
How does Mavis form her strategy for the Grand Magic Games if they didn't know what the game would be?
Is there a Naruto and One Piece crossover manga?
How many devil fruits we know about have been discovered?
Can 18 absorb energy?
Rope with pieces of white cloth - What is it?
Do Lag Seeing and Gauche Suede have eyebrows?
Why does Hayama feel that he is inferior to Hachiman?
Why did Yukine stop stinging Yato?
Why doesn't Sasuke use Shadow clones?
What's the music played at the beginning of "City Hunter: Bay City Wars" movie?
What does reversing a person's bioelectricity do?
Use of nosebleeds to denote arousal?
Why the Survey Corps doesn't find a human body inside each titan?
Why did Goku recruit Frieza but not gotenks
What chapter does Attack on Titan season 2 finish at?
Why does Obito only grab some people when he teleports them to the kamui dimension?
How strong is Freezer now?
What does it mean by 大地を見る in Kotomi's essay?
Is Persona 4 Golden anime different from the original Persona 4 anime?
Why is Galactic Railroad mentioned in an Utena duel song?
If the Beast titan has similar powers to the founding titan, why do they need it so desperately?
Was "defenestrated" simply a literal translation, or part of a bigger concept or joke?
What section of the 2016 Berserk anime is covered by the 3rd movie, The Advent?
Could one make a specific person shoot someone dead using the deathnote?
What is C.C.'s status after the Zero Requiem?
What is the song that plays in Naruto Shippuden's first episode during Sasuke's first appearance?
Victims and Sea stone
Could one make a Devil Fruit eat another one?
Can defeated Servants be summoned again?
Did Danzo use Shisui's eye?
Did Asako and Souhei end up being together in the end?
Is Mitsuki an enemy of Boruto?
What is the song when the female titan showed up at Levi's group in episode 18?
Is blood necessary to perform the summoning jutsu?
Who is this character in Wagnaria / Working?
Which is Kraft Lawrence's familiar name, and which his surname?
Why is adult anime so much less likely than US adult animation to be comedic?
Light's Search History Death Note
What's that peaceful song in Naruto Shippuden episode 54?
What real-life artist draws Sagiri's art in the anime?
Can there be saiyans in other universes differents to universe 6 and universe 7?
Why Connie, Historia and the others have been kept separated from the others at the beginning of season 2?
Will playing "Eyes of Heaven" without reading the manga spoil the player majorly?
Loss of shinobi abilities after overusage of Mangekyou Sharingan
How to catch up on Dragon Ball Super?
Fastest-updating magazine
Are anime characters drawn seperately?
What is the lightning coming out from Boruto's eye at the end of 13th episode of Boruto?
How was Obito able to use Kamui immediately after awakening his MS?
Did the "Shuumatsu Nani Shitemasu ka?" anime cut content from the novels?
Why did FMA 2003 Wrath (King Bradley) keep his skull?
Why does Li Xingke bleed for no reason?
Obito's Clothes Affected by Kamui?
How do Naruto and Sasuke manage to beat Kaguya so quickly?
Why won't Harime Nui's left eye heal?
How many of Naruto Shippuden episodes are dubbed?
Why doesn't Chen Guo find out who Ye Xiu is?
What is the Liquor tax law in Japan?
Why did Karin keep the umbilical cord, if she's not Sarada's mother?
What was the point of the game in Future Diary?
How could Ichigo purify souls with Zangetsu?
Why English title of Still world is Beautiful?
Have other series used picture cast credits besides The World is Still Beautiful?
How to get a license to stream anime on my website?
What does this borderline ki first Krilin and now Goku get mean?
Why is Ed able to exchange his knowledge?
Is it possible that Madara could have used the Izanagi after his "death"?
From where did he get 2 scissors and 4 papers?
Where can I find Durarara!! Vol 1 novel in Japanese language?
Why did Aizen want to defeat the Soul King?
Missing Applessed movie
For how long has Lelouch been the Emperor of Britannia before and after "turning evil"?
How did Miku become so popular?
Rather then a company published manga, can a self-published manga become an adapted anime?
Why did Midoriya come last in the quirk assessment test when there were others worse than him?
What would happen if Eren ate all of the other titans?
Why can't Houou tell that Hinako isn't actually his brother?
In the original Dragon Ball anime, what is the song playing during the first milk delivery when Roshi reminisces about Goku's grandpa?
Why was the Soul Eater anime different than the manga?
How are Shinigamis born?
How many mangakas use digital or traditional tools to make their manga?
Is there a local folktale regarding underwater palace and tamate box in Japan?
What does Midorima Shintarou's "-nanodayou" mean?
In attack on Titan, what's the point of the shifter Titans becoming soldiers?
What happened to Kurama?
How come there are so many Dragon Slayers?
Why does Urano Metria take double her magic the second time
Is this South Korean animation TV series regarded as anime due to its similar japanese animation style?
In Attack on Titan, why does Zeke tell Eren that someday he will save him?
Song that plays during episodes previews of Hunter x Hunter
Why doesn't Sasuke have his left hand in Boruto: Naruto the Movie?
Can Logia Devil Fruit Users get hot or cold?
What is the relationship between Subaru and Rem after he confesses his feeling in episode 25?
Why is Zen Oh Sama destroying universes?
Why didn't Hisoka challenge Razor?
What happened to the tailed beasts?
Where does this picture of Goku possible new form/transformation comes from?
Who was Meruem in his human life?
How did Alluka Zoldyck obtain her powers?
Can the Sharingan Copy Hidden Jutsu?
Will the destruction of future Universe 7 affect other timelines in 20 years?
Who are these two people in the third opening of Attack on Titan?
Who is the Daily Days' Chief Editor?
Is it possible for a non japanese anime/manga artist to draw and color anime/manga authentically?
Was Soichiro Yagami that much close to his natural lifespan?
Have "Operation Victory Arrow" or "Brave Witches" been released officially outside Japan?
Why is Todoroki scalded when his mother throws hot water on him?
TV Saint Seiya Prologue theme
What is the connection between The Delgados and Gunslinger Girl?
Which was the first anime to feature a transformable robot?
In Gintama, why are the Shinsengumi allowed to have swords?
Could dragon balls bring the universes back?
When did Mephisto become the branch director?
Has Sakura expressed signs of love towards Naruto?
After Madara stole Kakashi's sharingan, was it not possible for Naruto to take Obito's left eye and give it to Kakashi?
Does taijutsu drain chakra?
Can a jinchuuriki control how many tails their version 2 mode has?
Why is Kimblee the Crimson/Red Lotus Alchemist?
What are the different knightmare generations?
Who originally created the Knightmare Frames?
When do "immortal" Devil Fruits respawn?
Why are all the agency cyborgs female?
Can a user be hurt by his own chakra?
Is code in episode 1 of New Game 2 actually an infinite loop?
Did Caulifla learn super saiyan and super saiyan 2 in the same day?
Why does Naruto's clothes not burn after wearing the Kyuubi cloak?
The Super Saiyan Legend
Does the Extra return next school year to class 3?
Which track is playing in S2E1 of Ansatsu Kyoushitsu?
What's the title of the soundtrack in Ranma 1/2 Episode 20?
What OST is played at the beginning of Naruto: Shippuden episode 489 after the OP?
At what point does Naruto surpass Kakashi?
What music is playing in episode 95 of Hunter x Hunter?
What is the piano song during the confession of Senna in episode 11?
Who is this running kid wearing a shirt with Uchiha symbol?
How old are Ishishi, Noshishi, and Zorori?
Are joke episodes common in anime?
Is Eren Jaeger considered a Rogue Titan or an Attack Titan?
Where can I legally watch the dubbed version of "Kimi no na wa" ("Your Name")?
Does Ichigo still have his powers after his battle with Yhwach?
Why is the Japanese flag supposed to be funny?
Who is the leader of the pride troopers?
Why didn't Ranma stay in China after getting the curse?
Couldn't Light have relinquished ownership of the Death Note before dying?
What is the name of the background instrumental theme that starts at 2:19 in episode 28 of My Hero Academia?
Was the Dressrosa Arc inspired by the Alabasta Arc?
Are there 6 zeno alive?
Why doesn't "Mad monk" Urouge's neck accessory fall off?
Why did Marleyans wait 4 years?
What did Vegeta mean with "be careful Kakaroto, that could be the super saiyajin true form!"?
Was Goku using his full power against Kale?
Did Kale knock out Goku?
What does "gal" mean in Hajimete no Gal and/or Japanese culture?
Which Doraemon episode is this with Shizuka and multiple mini Doraemons?
Where can I watch the Doraemon New Year Special which aired on 31st December 2001?
Can the two titan powers inside Eren be separated and given to two different people?
Why did Subaru suggest to run away with Rem?
How did Impel Down's staff not know Buggy was a devil fruit user?
What did really happen in the end of Phantom: Requiem for the Phantom?
Will "Sailor Stars" (the final season) be available in English dub?
Why and how did Shiro kill Ganta's classmates?
Were Princesses Uranus and Neptune lovers as well?
What happened to the Re:Zero manga?
What did Madoka wish for in the original timeline?
What, if anything, was the early 90s anime creativity crisis?
Are Kale and Caulifla truly sisters or Kale call Caulifla "sister" in an affective way?
In sub Akame ga Kill, why do the characters reference "leveling up"?
Does the Dragon Ball Heroes opening 5 have any meaning for Dragon Ball Super?
What is relationship with Megami Tensei franchises
Can I play Persona 5 without playing the previous games?
Alternative super saiyan transformation of Kale, what's it supposed to be? (warning: content of recent episode 101)
What is the meaning of the dialogue at the end of the episode 30?
Will Stain get One for All ability?
Do nen examiners also have to teach them Nen?
How is hentai anime voicing recorded?
Doesn't Female Titan and Beast Titan have the Coordinate ability?
What is the music that plays when Shirley is testing out the headphones?
How can we sort manga (by genre) within Crunchyroll's manga utility or mobile app?
What happened to Ray Penber when he died since he has used Death Note?
How did Ryu Yamada get his copy power?
What kind of power does Charlotte Cracker have?
Why does Rin in blue exorcist have an eye bigger than the other when uncontrollable?
Who was the little girl being possessed by Orochimaru during his fight with 3rd Hokage?
Do the symbols that appear in the OP of Sasami-san@Ganbaranai mean anything?
What is that covering part of the Nerv Logo?
What kind of drawing format is this? Pictures with litle box on top left
Is Fate/Apocrypha sequel of Unlimited Blade Works?
Can Sarada Uchiha activate the rinnegan?
What is the proper reading order for the Corpse Party mangas?
Is there a set date for Sword Art Online Ordinal Scale to be released on DVD?
Are the ends of Shingeki no Kyojin season 1 and 2 the same?
Are the new fighters' names a pun on something?
What song is playing in Naruto Shippuden episode 114 at 06:37 on Orochimaru's flashback?
Why don't anime studios hire native English speakers?
Does Wing also developed the ability to transmute his aura into electricity?
Did both Crocodile and Smoker use the artificial rain powder in Alabasta?
LN Alicization - no appearance of Murderer/Assassin Tribe in battle?
Who are the Four Generals based on?
Why do anime films tend to use film actors to voice the anime instead of professional seiyuu?
Does the super saiyan god return to Dragon Ball Super ? (possible spoilers)
Attack on Titan Opening Themes
Does Dio or Jotaro have to verbally stop time in order to stop time?
Is there any cannibalism in Mirai Nikki (Future Dairy)?
How does Rasengan do so less damage?
What is on Red Line?
How much time will it take me to watch the .hack series?
Which series features the most re-occuring named characters?
Are One Piece movies necessary to watch to understand what happens in the anime/manga?
In the last episode of "Your Lie in April", what was enclosed in the envelope?
Why are there dinosaurs and prehistoric animals in the opening of season 2?
What happened to the power of the tailed beast that was inside Naruto?
Which music theme plays at the end of the Naruto vs Sasuke fight?
Is the Buddhist practice in The Kurosagi Corpse Delivery Service accurate?
Funding and anime diversity
What's the music that plays on episode 10 when The Blue King comes and visits Anna in Homra's Bar?
Instrumental Played in Episode 92 DBS
How does Haruki know what her ability is?
Is it Boundman or Bounceman?
What is the name of this piano piece from Yuri on ICE!!! in episode 1 before History Maker?
Why can Hiratsuka-sensei not get married?
Which reasons are there to use super saiyan god instead of super saiyan blue?
What if Goku Black is killed before forcefully pulled back by the Space/Time Distortion?
What is Yotsugi Ononoki reading in "Hitagi Rendezvous"?
Why are only some of the characters "color-coded"?
What are the consequences of ignoring Kyubey's contract?
Does "Evening Get" correspond to a real-life television show?
Why do the three admirals of One Piece Akainu, Aokiji and Kizaru have different(opposite) power from their character?
What Gintama episode had this scene?
How many transformations does Naruto have?
Why is the Boruto manga different than the anime?
When and in which order should I watch One Piece movies?
Who's the other Uchiha Danzo mentions while recruiting Torune into the foundation
How does Saber's summoning to the Fifth Grail War work?
Why does Dekomori's shirt say "Purgatory" in Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai?
To what extent does Arata become weaker?
Goku new transformation grey eyes light blue aura is it related with the other picture released?
Does the mastered super saiyan blue exists in the anime?
Why is it team JNPR if Ren's name is Lie?
What are the requirements to wield God ki?
Who are the other 2 Taijutsu fighters that Kisame acknowledged?
Why is Touka Kirishima afraid of birds?
What caused Hide's stomach wound?
Does anyone know about the photo on Lis's wall?
Why Goku uses all the transformations he has except Super Saiyan 3 in the tournament of power?
What happened to Touka's mom?
Why does Greed in FMA (2003) want to know how to bind a soul to an armor?
What does Gold Lion Shiki say at the beginning of "Strong World: Episode 0"?
Social etiquette in anime/manga/pop culture Japan conventions
Is the episode 6 history of Justy Ueki Tylor in "Irresponsible Galaxy" canon?
Which song plays during Bleach episode 45 around 10:00
Why is there so much nudity in anime and manga?
Why is the American version of the manga split into three parts?
What would happen if Devil Fruit that Chopper ate were eaten by a human being?
Music when Luffy first used haki against Fujitora?
What is the result of KEY 10th MEMORIAL Popularity poll?
Shouldn't Pain's head have melted off during the fight with Naruto as 9-tails?
How many quirks can one have?
Doujin, doujinshi, doujinshika and doujinka. What's the difference?
Why did Teru Mikami confirm Death Note's validity by examining the pages with a microscope?
Why does Eren loses his equipment after being Titan?
Which types of eclipses are there?
What's the meaning behind the rarity item's classified in Anime/manga?
Why did King Bradley allow the Elric brothers, Hughes, and Armstrong to continue investigating the military?
Why didn't they take Asuna's NerveGear off?
What is the point of Jason asking Kaneki to count backwards by 1000-7?
What makes Little Witch Academia a Netflix original series?
What Madoka Magica poster is this?
Did Danzo use Shuisui's eye to become Hokage?
Boku No Hero Academia: all heroes / sidekicks in stain arc
What are the machines used in Japan for hand-drawn animation?
Do the pages to which Yuri Nazarov's photograph is clipped come from real publications?
Is every human wizard a female?
Why always "skirt-flipping" fan-service's (mini-skirt blowing up.)?
Can a Death Note Owner be killed with their own Death Note?
The first Anime/Manga with a parody's genre ever created
The power of Hawk Eye Mihawk
What is the piano song played when Suguha is changing and placing the device on her head?
Does the US, UK or Aus Localized DVD/Bluray of My Neighbor Totoro have the bathing scene?
"I'm going to mess with her." -- but what did she do?
What is the true meaning of "I want to eat your pancreas"?
Third Hokage’s Magic Ball, how you can see anywhere through the Magiball?
Where can I read the Kiteretsu Daihyakka manga free online in English?
What does vegeta call goku black in dragon ball super?
Can Ryuk be killed with the Death Note?
Hotel sign horizontally flipped
Does Izuku control his One-For-All?
How does Obito not lose his eyesight after excessive use of the mangekyo?
Where can I buy the digital version of Gantz manga?
What is the music being played when Tatara learns to dance from Kiyoharu?
What is the Juralian referring to by "that day"?
Why did Madara’s second eye exist at all?
Why is Jiraiya’s headband different from that of other Leaf Shinobi?
Why Does Boruto and Himawari Have one less Whisker mark than Naruto?
Are the rooms in "Aoi Bungaku" and "Mouryou no Hako" related or a real place?
What's with awkwardness/fear with romance?
Why does Mahmut empty a bottle of liquid upon returning home?
How this glow effect was created in cel-shaded anime?
Why does Orochimaru's Laboratory have this item to hand?
Why Lisesharte shown in the initial incident?
Naruto Music Determination Rasengan
What makes the hero/commander units better if development takes so long?
Who is this figure of an orange-haired schoolgirl?
What's the story behind the Altair fanart in episode 20?
What Japanese books/piece of literatures that are shown in Psycho-Pass?
Is Ryuk required to write Misa's name in his Death Note at the end of her life?
Where can I watch all 43 episodes of Princess Comet?
Who is the first Oppai Loli ever featured in anime and manga?
What do the oddly positioned letters in "Death Note" title mean?
Why are the Eldian's in possession of Warships?
What is the first Pokemon to exist?
Touhou Song Identification Request?
In Death Note, how far could "sexual" interaction go with a shinigami before it broke rule XXXVI?
Why aren't the normal titans affected by the 13-year curse?
Why "Father Roberto" but "Father Hiraga"?
Where was the reflecting surfaces when Muramasa fought Ichigo in Episode 233
Where and when does Franky say that Sanji is one of the strongest guys on the crew?
If Nagato has both of Madara's Rinnegan, how did Madara still have one Sharingan when he met Obito for the first time?
The Father or Godfather of Anime
Why doesn't Minato use Sage mode against the "Masked Man"?
Are non-Tokyo dialects common in anime?
Is it true that there's an eraser for the Death Note that can bring people back to life?
How does the reincarnation thing work exactly?
List of Ushio to Tora anime (2015) 2S skipped manga chapters?
Is Toru Hagakure constantly naked?
Was it Ciel or Elesia?
Why did Shouko use hearing aids even though she's deaf?
Where is the joke that Ishida said came from?
Is there any Anime/Manga adaptation with source material from outside of Japan?
Why does Roy Mustang's flame alchemy work?
Identifying the most common battle song in Fairy Tail 2014
What anime are these keychains from?
Was Alter Mysterious Heroine X's third form inspired from Star Wars?
How is an anime based on western-literature made?
Why do people wearing a headband with two flashlights or candles when acting crazy or out of place?
Why didn't Orochimaru fight Madara?
Can Kakashi still use Susanoo after losing his Sharingan?
Which episode is this where Saber dress in white and bounded?
Can Japanese voice actors watch anime for free after an anime episode is finished?
Why are manga cover pages not relevant with the current arc?
Is there any connection between the movie, series and ova?
How did Shouko initially feel about Ishida?
How important was the invention of blue towards anime?
What does Shouko said to Ishida on the bridge in chapter 54?
What's the song that plays when Naruto and Sasuke fight with Rasengan and Chidori in episode 216?
Would it make sense for there to be a new category of episodes between filler and canon?
Where is Tsunade now?
Can Naruto use Wood Style?
What made Sakuya decide to switch sides?
Song in episode 11 of Ballroom e Youkoso climax scene
Did all events in 13 episodes of Mekakucity Actors happen in just 1 day?
What's the meaning of the crayon painting that appear in End Of Evangelion?
What does the "503 day" refer to?
Why is there an episode 1A and 1B on Crunchyroll?
How much time did straw hat pirate need to travel to the next island?
Why is Kischur Zelretch Schweinorg both a Dead Apostle Ancestor and Wizard Marshall of the Mage's Association?
How Julius tarnished his career after fighting Subaru?
Why did Shouko change her hair style?
What did Shouko say to Ishida in the coming of age ceremony that made Ueno jealous?
Actually how deaf is Shouko in Koe no Katachi and is it revealed why she is only wearing 1 hearing aid?
The audience scene in End Of Evangelion
Does Fate/Strange Fake take place in the same timeline as any of the Fate/Stay Night routes?
Origin of Black Saints Clothes
What does "notice me senpai" mean, when a boy says it to you?
Why are Bomber's friends so weak?
Where can I buy raw manga in PDF format?
What chapter of the light novel does the anime Mondaiji-tachi end on?
When will Oda finish One Piece?
How is RNJR a color
How was Shibo able to take her true form?
How does Killy's weapon in Blame! universe work?
What's the significance of the grandfather clock in Elfen Lied?
Can you get rich off of the Death note?
What's on the sign behind the guy with all the weapons in episode 8?
Why are Professors named after trees?
What does this restaurant sign in episode 5 say?
What is Chtholly?
What was the present that Shouko gave to Ishida? What did Shouko say after that?
Why does "Sore Ga Seiyuu" play other anime's OP/ED as its ending song?
Why did Frieza trick Frost?
Who is the idol Yuna in Sword Art Online: Ordinal Scale?
What is the name of the song when Yato uses Yukine to cut through the Pacification Ring to rescue Ebisu in episode 13 in Noragami Aragoto?
How does Nami never get hit by her own lightning
What is the song played when Deku and Todoroki were talking in season 2 episode 6?
What role is Hikari playing?
Can Rock lee use the 8th gate now?
What is this particular song that is played a lot throughout the Chimera Ant arc?
Who is Kagura from Boruto?
Why was Al still alive after getting his body broken apart by Scar?
Are there any reasons why Light killed the FBI agent?
What chakra natures does Naruto have in Boruto?
Why are wolves associated with regeneration?
What is the bounty of Gol D. Roger?
Would Sarada have to kill Boruto to obtain the Mangekyou Sharingan?
How does Conan know the names of Vodka and Gin in the anime?
Could it be impossible for Sarada to get an Eternal Mangekyou Sharingan
Why does Naruto's headband change color?
Did they ever show in the manga or anime the reattaching of Naruto's arm?
Which Naruto episode shows Hidan attacking Naruto?
What does Senjougahara refer in the first novel?
How does Kaito Kid know the true identity of Conan in the 3rd movie?
What does Playmaker mean when he says "Arrowheads confirmed!"?
Who can absorb the Genki Dama?
Has the world in One Piece's world map been fully defined?
Why didn't Mello see Shinigami after touching the Death Note in Episode 29?
What is a "fangirl moment"?
What is Katakuri's power?
What are "sugoi kawaii desu!!!!!11" guys/girls?
How do Salamanders keep Aqua warm?
Why didn't Sasuke use Amaterasu on Kaguya?
Where does the term "Blutz Waves" first come from?
In what chapter the 14th Noah have its first appearance?
Why nine tails's power could not help Naruto beat Pain?
Does Boruto have Sasuke's headband?
What was the first Hokage's disease?
Bando Spiders Team music
Which movie shows Naruto and Hinata's wedding?
Why didn't Boruto teleport to the animal world?
What's the term for the bullied kid who delivers bread and sandwiches to the bullies?
Why did the reanimated Nagato and Madara have Rinnegan?
How did Joseph inherit Hamon from Jonathan?
Which episode has Onizuka getting the kanji wrong?
What does genki (from genki dama) means?
How long does the producing of long run anime take?
What's the reason Dio and Joutarou could fly in Stardust Crusaders?
How did Kiba learn the shadow clone jutsu?
Is Migatte no Gokui the same ability of moving without thinking, as Whis explained to Goku and Vegeta when training them?
What is this song in Episode 459 of Naruto Shippuden?
What is Kotomine Kirei's new raison d'être?
What's Koko's theme song in Enmusubi no Youko-chan?
Is this picture migate no gokui with kaioken?
How did Nagato learn about how to create the Paths?
What's the music when Frieza powers up from base form to his final form in the dubbed version of "Revival of F"?
Did anyone find and remove Kiritsugu's explosives?
Why do the dogs pet the characters in Nichijou?
What is this dance that characters in Nichijou do during the episode breaks?
Why can't Naruto transform into the Nine Tails?
Is the art made for anime openings made first or are the created vocals done first?
Who is the blond woman in Blame?
Why didn't Kamui kill obito?
Which episode did Rukawa explain why he wanted to join Shohoku?
Why didn't Kenjirou Hata continue Ad Astra Per Aspera?
Is Ultra Instinct a Super Saiyan transformation or can anyone attain it?
Why are child pilots used in the first place?
How does Conan know that something is cut recently?
Why does Evangelion manga's plot diverge from the anime?
Why do Indra and Ashura reincarnate?
Did Saitama's serious punch physically touch this character?
Why didn't the hunter associate search for Meruem's body after his death?
When did Conan first met Haibara's sister?
Why does Haibara attend school?
How different are the OVA and movie versions of Time of Eve?
Effects of writing the name of a person who has an identical twin with the same name in the death note
How old was Natsu when he was sent forward in time?
What is the name of the Naruto song that plays at the end of "Battle at sea: The power unleashed"?
Who was the other person the colossal titan ate?
Why were several members from the 104th training regimen suspected of being titans?
Is there significance to this frame from the season 2 opening?
What is the catalyst necessary to transform into a titan?
Why is there less action anime every season?
What is the game console that Sasahara used?
Who is this person from commercial break "The World God Only Knows" manga?
How to refer to the two states of Umaru?
What is the violin soundtrack that plays in episode 47 when Gon receives Ging's tape?
Has the episode count for Black Clover been announced?
Is Jiren stronger than a God of Destruction?
if Beerus, Whis, and other gods of destructions and angels can use Ultra Instinct, why they dont get Goku's aura?
Language in One Piece
Who's the character at the end of the last episode of Owarimonogatari season 2?
What happened to Barasui ( Ichigo Mashimaro's author )?
Who are the wall cultists?
Are the manga and the anime portraying Beerus as having the same strenght compared to other gods?
Is Goku still pure-hearted?
Can we share our devil fruit to someone else?
Which LN volumes are covered in season 1&2 of "Konosuba" anime?
Can Brook marry a real woman and have real kids (human kids)?
Cost for fan-made manga and artbook in Comiket?
Can a mangaka continue another mangaka's manga?
How long can a manga (or other work) can go hiatus
Where can I read Sergeant Keroro manga online?
is ultra super saiyan a transformation or a state?
Do universe 6 saiyans transform more easily than universe 7 saiyans?
Is Super Saiyan Green an official name or not?
Ash's encounters with legendary pokémon
What is the production process like for a doujinshi to be sold at Comiket?
Knowledge of Gear 4th through the world
What happens to a series after its author dies?
What ayatori pattern did Yukko make that made Mai-chan shocked in Episode 17?
What does the drink that Mio ordered look like in Episode 18 of Nichijou?
Did Goku use the Kaio-ken to stop Gohan in a what if scenario?
Why wasn't Guren reincarnated by Kabuto?
Hagoromo Otsutsuki reincarnation
What is the name of the violin song during the first and last episode?
Did Rock Lee learn the Leaf Dragon God?
Are there male mangaka who do shoujo manga?
Do Tatara and Hanaoka end up together?
Is Haki fire proof?
What are Reiju's powers
Why don't the 6 paths of Pein feel pain?
Why wasn't Naruto adopted?
How did Fuu Die in Naruto?
What happened to Anko after the war?
If a killed Saiyan is revived does he/she receive a zenkai boost?
How many official super saiyan transformations are there already?
Could Goku, Vegeta or Trunks become super saiyan rosé by becoming a god of destruction or a kaioshin?
How could Doraemon make money and buy all of that future thing?
What is that word that sounds like "assent" in No Game No Life?
Who of Aizen's Arrancar were Vasto Lorde?
What is Hooleer?
What exactly is Ousama Game in this titular series? How does it work?
Is Durarara SH a sequel to Durarara x2?
Was body rejection even a possibility?
Why not consider possibility of 3rd Kira when Misa and Light in prison?
Why didn't Taki write his name on Mitsuha's hand?
Why is pornographic anime and manga referred to as "hentai" by non-Japanese sources? And when did it start?
What is the watching order for Tenchi Muyo?
What's the meaning of A.T field that Asuka said in the End of Evangelion movie?
Regarding OSTs in "Your Lie in April" anime
Did Bleach drop in popularity from 2010 onwards?
Who is said to be stronger future trunks or cell saga gohan
What does "plus ultra" mean in My Hero Academia
How could Hiramekarei defeat Samehada?
What is the song on the title screen of Dragon Ball Z: Resurrection 'F'?
How can I check that a given anime is really over?
What is the song played in episode 6 when Hatori is speaking to Chiaki in his apartment?
Are the Super Saiyan Berseker and the Legendary Super Saiyan transformation the same thing?
How does the earth-bender's ability works?
In Noragami, why does Nora attack Yukine?
In the Dreamworld, why was Minato and Kushina like how they were when naruto first met them
Why did not Conan tell Haibara about the liquor that made him restore to his original size as soon as possible?
Why doesn't Minato use the Eight Trigrams Sealing on himself?
Name of Discordant Piano Music in Beginning of Tokyo Ghoul Season 1 Episode 12?
Power of Silver Fang (Bang)
Potara earrings allowed in universal tournament?
Where can I watch "Boku no Pico"?
Could Evil containment wave defeat Jiren?
Does Kurama see every intimate moment in Naruto's life?
Does Kale have 2 or 3 transformations already?
To what degree does Vados say Kale and Caulifla's power increases when fused?
Is a double fusion possible?
What is theme music that plays in episode 181 at 07:37 minutes?
Did Lucy Heartfilia and Zeref meet before the Eclipse Gate arc?
Why didn't Orochimaru use the Edo-tensei in the Konoha Arc?
What is a Bingo Book?
What is the song that plays when Lelouch sees the memories of C.C. in episode 11?
What is the last Super Saiyan version Goku can reach currently?
Why don't Vegeta and Goku not getting along most of the times?
Is it true that Toei mentioned 3 months ago that Caulifla has an infinite power/potential?
Ultra instinct aura
"Only God knows God's miso soup". Is this a pun?
Do Edo-Tensei ninja have infinite chakra?
If the Edo-Tensei had unlimited chakra could they use rinne rebirth to revieve themselves?
What kind of institution is Gotei 13? Authority? Justice? Policy maker?
What is Natsu's Birthday?
What purpose does Zoro's third sword actually serve?
Can Kale control her full power when she isnt in berserker mode?
What is the song that Chika was listening to in the first episode of Strawberry Marshmallow?
What are ANBU called in other villages
Why can Ten-Tails jinchuriki stop the reincarnation of Edo Tensei ninja?
Why do Ran and Heiji wear the same clothes?
How can reincarnated souls be summoned using Edo Tensei?
Log Horizon: do some Landers know that their world used to be just a game where they were NPCs?
What is the song that plays when Midoriya is explaining the origin of heroes?
Does Natsu still have access to his etherious form and can he still use Fire Dragon King Mode?
Did Moriko Morioka quit her job or was she fired?
Why does Sarada Uchiha wear glasses?
Why did Saruhiko Fushimi cross over to the side of the Blues?
How can Doru Doru work against seastone
Is there any clarification from the publisher/author of Hunter x Hunter regarding the quality of chapters 335 to 338?
Why does Gekko Moriah set sailors back out to sea if their zombie version will die?
Why can't anime studios create animes for foreigns audiences?
How do all the planets defend themselves?
why is Zen-Oh portrayed as child?
How many characters in Dragon Ball can fire Kienzan-like discs?
What did Shouya want to say to Shouko?
Power of Ultra Instinct
What is the meaning behind the anime title "The World God only Knows"?
What's the origin of characters flying through the night sky during the ED?
Can the same potara earrings be used to fuse other warriors after a fused warrior defused?
How can Jiren fly when meditating in the tournament of power if flying was disabled?
Highschool DxD Anime to Manga
Why is the Kanto League called the Indigo League?
Where is this scene originate from in Episode 5 of nichijou?
Where are the more powerful characters during the Tournament of Power?
Can Ultra Instinct be used on top of other transformations, like Super Saiyan Blue Ultra Instinct?
What does G.U stand for?
Why not just puke up the crystal?
Where can I find a list of Yen Press shoujo ai/yuri titles?
Which Yuno ends up with Yuki?
What will happen to some specific anime if the studio who made those animes has gone bankrupt?
Why they use "99" for their number format in hayate the movie manga ver?
Why does the Keijo anime/manga title have eight "!" characters?
Why does Todoroki look different between the 1st and 2nd season?
Is Beerus able to use Ultra Instinct?
How does universe 11 expect to win with their current strategy?
Is Juvia a Water Dragon Slayer?
What's the story behind the intro of GITS:SAC soundtrack 08 - Velveteen borrowing a sample from Blade Runner (1982)?
Who is this cat on Hunter X Hunter volume 32's cover?
Is it "Aogiri Tree" or "Aogiri Wood"?
How many brothers does Lady Farnese have?
Are Erina Nakiri and Sōma Yukihira relatives?
Are parodied scenes in the Monogatari anime described in the light novel?
Why did they stop giving dubbed Shippūden episodes on Hulu?
How can Pikachu speak now?
What anime's/manga's character that araragi parodying?
Who's the "Lavender" coffee shop manager?
Why Kefura didnt defuse after releasing so much power?
What is the scene where Reiner and Bertholdt climb the stairs endlessly refer to?
Is Kefura super saiyan 2 a regular super saiyan 2 transformation?
Does Kefura red ki means something more?
What kind of modifications the AE86's have had in Initial D?
What is the significance of the painting in The Girl Who Leapt Through Time?
What is the name of the song that plays at 12:40 in Noragami Aragoto episode 12?
What did Oshino Ougi signify?
Is Goku aware that he is in the UI state?
Is Kaio-ken increasing Goku's potential?
What does the code message Jiraiya wrote on Fukasaku's back mean?
Is namekian fusion stronger than potara fusion?
At what point did Aizen switch with Momo?
Why did all Kurta Clan get beaten up even though they have the Scarlet Eyes?
Who started the format 18-36 pages in weekly and 36-60 pages in monthly manga magazine?
All possible fusions/absorbtions and their multipliers
What's the meaning of "The coffee isn't coffee coffee"?
When was it first shown that Shanks was in XXX's crew?
Where did the fanart in episode 5 come from?
Why can't Yunyun find a party to join?
Are the memories still there?
What made Sekiguchi embarrassed when she was asked about cram school?
What does "anime franchises" mean?
How is it known Zarbuto is a Tsufurujin?
How many alien races have a name in Dragon Ball?
Who did Kaito Kid meet first: Conan or Shinichi?
Why Clementine was helping Kajit
What is the music that plays in Bleach Episode 280 at 4:15 until 4:50?
Why golems and avatara in Mausoleum didn't attack lord Momon?
Does Sakamoto know that Nano is a robot?
Vessel for Susano’o?
How did Koro-sensei's body change from humanoid to an octopus-like creature?
Did Vegeta SSJ2 against Beerus surpassed Gohan's mystic form?
Why did Naruto cut his hair?
What meaning does the nickname "Kyon" has?
Who finds the letter at the end of Gakkougurashi?
How many 104th corps cadets joined the scout regiment?
How did Toru and Koji pass the entrance exam in My Hero Academia?
What's the difference between the Leam Empire and the Goi
Why do black lines appear at the bottom of older anime?
Is the attack on titan manga complete?
How did Kirito regrow his hand in episode 10?
Why is Blackbeard in Impel Down?
How did Busujima Eiji figure that it was about boobs?
Have the Mugiwara pirates ever cashed in a Pirate for a bounty reward?
Why do protagonist usually mispronounce or forget the name of opponent or others?
What is the wage difference for mangaka whose work is published in magazines vs on the web?
Why does Sasuke consider Naruto to be his best friend?
Does the detail in a manga affect the mangaka's payment?
Exactly what is Aizawa-sensei's quirk?
What does Yoshimura mean by "sugar" in chapter 92?
How is anime as a whole profitable? (If it is)
Is Yamoshi a pun on something?
Why didn't Komatsu's Appetite Demon fully manifest after eating Acacia's Full Course?
Where did Chat and Max end up?
How does sailing all around the Orbus Barrier work?
What's the meaning of "Cat Soup" plot and ending?
How did Hiruzen Sarutobi summon enma when he was a reanimation?
What does the ending of anime 'Air' mean?
Was the original super saiyan a golden great ape in canon Dragon Ball?
How does the "more S cells" explanation for becoming a super saiyan makes sense?
Why was the hidden mist called the village of the Bloody Mist?
Do people in Japan really shower all the time after a rainstorm, or is that just an anime thing?
Were there any Death Note Rules not shown mid episode of the anime?
What happened to the other Death Notes?
Did Frieza know super saiyan god?
In Toriko, what animal's skin does Atom show Terry, Kiss and Quinn?
What is the name of the OST playing in Episode 23 of Shakugan no Shana Second at 1:50?
Are Dio & Lucciola gay?
Why did Beerus say "Say something." at the end of Episode 118 of Dragon Ball Super?
How much time does it take to translate a manga volume/tankobon?
Censorship in Japan
Inter-Clan Marriage?
What does the 8 inner gates require to use?
What does it mean when Pride mentions about Edward turning into a philosopher's stone to infiltrate him?
What song plays at Naruto Shippuden episode 119 that sounds like Denkousekka?
Does the door connects only between 2 worlds or does it connects more?
Why didn't Shouko confess her feelings to Shoya afterwards?
Does Jiren simply use brute force?
How did Boruto learn the shadow clone jutsu?
A different version of "Attack on D" from near the end of season 2 episode 12?
What kind of animal is Chiko?
Where are the remaining Angels?
How do you get games on a NerveGear?
What's the deal with rotating voice actors in episode 6 of "Zoku Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei"?
In what order do I consume the Blame! universe?
From which series should I start watching Dragon Ball?
Can E.N.D slay Acnologia?
Is Jiren able to use Ultra Instinct?
Why wasn't Jiraya reincarnated?
How can Inuyashiki and Hiro hear voices from Earth?
What's the song when Gaara cries out in episode 297?
How did Madara Uchiha give his Rinnegan to Nagato?
Why did Asuka get her right eye injured but Shinji didn't?
How many times was the nine tailed fox used to attack the leaf village?
Are all the angels children of the Great Priest?
What is COMITIA? Is it different than Comiket?
What is the song when Nagisa states he wants to save Koro-sensei in S2E7?
Was Shadorian Civilization technologically advanced?
What is the connection between the manga and movie of "Abyss of Hyperspace"?
What is the name of the song in episode 19 at roughly 12 minutes?
How did Madara really obtain his Eternal Mangekyou Sharingan?
Inconsistency with regard to an event in the Resurrection of Freiza Arc and the Future Trunks arc
Does the Steam version of Wonderful Everyday VN have upscaled CG?
Have the crew of the Bebop ever been paid for a bounty?
Why is L hiding his face?
How many times Vegeta has surpassed Goku in power?
Why did Caesar let Law in Punk Hazard?
Does Frieza have God Ki?
Why doesn't Lord Death die even though Death the Kid connects all three Lines of Sanzu?
What happened to the bullets inside a human with Ajin ability?
What is the plot in "Yukiochimura ni Oujosama!"?
Hisoka role in Hunter X Hunter
Who are these strange people at Moriko's door supposed to be?
What "Psychological symptom" makes a person turned on because of very strong people?
What's true main story of "Yu-Gi-Oh" series before it was about TCG?
Do you have to say anything to activate a NerveGear?
Does Dagashi Kashi author getting paid for advertise snack in her manga?
How strong is Koichiarator?
What's the song when Naruto talks to the little kid in episode 13?
What's the song when Yato & Hiyori are hugging under the rocks when battling Rabo?
How did people even know that the One Piece was in the Grand Line?
Is Ayase actually Kyousuke's sister, not Kirino?
Has Kakashi ever failed any other students after Team 7?
Has there ever been official pornographic media for an anime and/or manga series?
Why is it said that the Tsukihime anime "does not exist"?
How can Kazakiri Hyouka appear in a photograph but not be seen in surveillance camera footage?
Who has the highest bounty?
At the end, did Naruto skip Chunnin and Jounin rank before becoming Hokage?
What is the distribution of nen type users?
Minimum amount of people for harem?
How many chapters does "Shokugeki no Soma" season 3 cover?
What did Osaka mean by "floaties you get in your eyes"?
How did Annie know Armin was lying?
So, where does Grandma work?
Do Servants retain memories of their past Masters?
What does "padoru padoru" mean?
Why was Danzo after Shisui eyes?
Why does the Den Den Mushi look so much like their owner?
What are the names of all the keys Lucy has?
What is the song when Karma was introduced for the first time in episode 2?
Who are Mitsuki's parents ? Is it just Orochimaru?
Did Karin even have any "romantic" relationship with Sasuke?
How was Boruto able to throw the Rasengan and use Gentle Fist?
Does Wendy eat air to help her with her power?
Does Aniraza have ki?
If 17's aura isn't ki, what is it then?
What's the sad piano music that plays when Levi gives Ivan's patch to Dieter?
What kind of dragon slayer magic Acnologia Wields
Why does Mavis have wings in her hair?
Zestiria vs Berseria map comparison
Why is the Tricycle the catalyst?
Why can Renamon disappear, while Guilmon and Terriermon can't?
Why are the DD Girls called that?
Can a single dragon ball be destroyed? What would happen to the rest of them?
Where does Owari no Seraph leave off in the manga?
Does Narcolepsy that Riki had really exist?
What's the music name in Full Metal Panic in episode 6 at 13:15? (OP included)
Why did Dracule Mihawk become a Warlord/Shichibukai?
Is there any serious romance in No Game No Life?
Why has nobody been able to summon Exodia before Yugi?
Trying to find a Song on Assassination Classroom Season 2 Episode 6
Where can I watch the original Atashin'chi with English sub?
Is there a specific arc for Sinon in the anime?
What is the song in episode 9 at 5:26?
Why didn't Netero call the more powerful adventurers for help in Chimera Ant arc?
Why is the kamehameha so widely used? Is it the best ki blast beam?
Who is (was) the strongest namekusei in Dragon Ball Super?
English, Hepburn, English, Hepburn, alternating in OP and ED. Why?
Does the Heart of the Cards work for anyone or just Yugi?
How much of the manga does the first season of Attack on Titan cover?
What is the other Carillon broken at the background?
What is the difference between Haki and Conquerors haki?
What arc/episode is this from where Shinpachi is apologizing with Okita and Kagura?
Which are the magic system of YGGDRASIL?
Can an anime be in English only?
Are “The Dirty Pair” actually a part of the “Crusher Joe” universe? Or are they just a film parody in that universe?
Do real-life schools have maid cafes at their school festivals?
Can a god have more than one blessed vessel?
Does the word "chuunibyou" originate from the anime "Chuunibyou"?
What are the difference between Koro-sensei and other tentacle creatures?
language consistency in anime credits
What is the nature of the Juni Taisen?
Is this computer keyboard on “The Dirty Pair” based on a real world keyboard?
What language used by Kajiura Yuki in Puella Magi Madoka Magica and Fate/Zero OST lyric?
Site / Store where Princess Sarah (Purinsesu Sēra) can be downloaded or bought
How many times Gohan has surpassed Vegeta in power?
Who is stronger, Kefla or Anilaza?
Anime Strike just got absorbed into Amazon Prime. What high profile series just opened up there?
Can doujinshi get anime adaptations? Also can they become "real" Manga if good enough
Why do English dubs have a unique dialect?
What's the song usually used on the most intense parts and most cool parts in Eureka Seven?
What is the real title of a piano song "Another Side 02 - Track 4"?
Why are Rin's friends still mad over the fact that he is the son of Satan in season 2?
How much did Netflix contribute, as part of the production committee, for Devilman Crybaby?
Differences in Yin Naruto and Yang Naruto?
Does Naruto has double power than Sasuke after ep 477?
In Saekano S2, why does Kasumigaoka and Sawamura leave Tomoya?
What was the music playing at background at 13:58 in episode 2 of Your lie in April?
Is there such a thing as Eternal Sharingan?
Can Shizuku's vacuum cleaner suck nuclear weapons?
Why are reading fairy tales so lewd?
How closely does the anime movie "In This Corner of the World" follow the manga?
What exactly is happening during the opening titles of “Crusher Joe: The Movie” (1983)
How old is Konoha?
What is this song from Naruto song sung in Korean?
What is the so-called "GUDAGUDA ship" involving Oda Nobunaga and Okita Souji?
Is Asta speaking a specific dialect?
How Did Krillin Get Stronger After Potential Unlock in DBZ?
Do they always wear the same mask?
Devilman manga and novels reading order
Is there any official picture of "Ultra Blue" Vegeta?
Can all types of devil fruit be awakened?
Does the colour of thymia have any meaning?
Is "Devilman: Crybaby" related to the 90's or the older Devilman series?
Name of the Song in Naruto 373
Why doesn't Edward transmute any large blocks or weapons other than spears and a blade?
What happens to Iskahn and Sheyta?
Information about Spice and Wolf Manga
Why didn't Annie take Eren out of his Titan when she kicked and beat him in the head during their fight in Stohess?
Who is Joy Boy?
What is the BGM where Pilaf starts escaping from the fortress in episode 32?
What is the chorus that plays with each new major monster in Fairy Tail called?
Does Vegeta new transformation/form has an official name already?
S1 EP20: How did Mikasa know Armin said Eren might be in the rear of the centre rank of the formation?
Is Naruto an awful parent because Boruto is a brat?
Who from the staff is in charge of selecting the music for each scene?
What is this picture about in Mirai Nikki?
Why do Pop Team Epic episodes repeat with different voice actors?
How can Kurumi Tokisaki's clone be killed twice?
Why was Light only targeting Japanese criminals when he was in the US?
How is each saiyan transformation/form achieved?
Why would anyone think that Zeref is dead?
Can a child inherit both their parents' clans jutsu?
Does Anyone Know/Have A List of Caster Shells and Their Effects?
Midoriya's power level against All Might
Are chances of child inheriting Sharingan smaller if one of the parents isn't an Uchiha?
Why does Kagami feel necessary to emphasize that she is a simple-minded person?
Where do the Alter characters come from?
What was the relation of Urahara's Bankai's name with its ability?
Is the Dragon Ball Super anime mostly filler?
How does Goku's super saiyan blue kaioken compare with Vegeta's super saiyan blue evolution transformation?
Why Jackie Chan is on Dragon Ball?
What kind of paper did Ghibli use for their storyboards?
Has Saber, Arcuied, Shiki or any other Typemoon characters ever canonically meet one other within their respective story?
What would have happened to Gon, Killua, and Kurapika if they had lost the coin game against Gotoh?
Is Violet Evergarden a robot, a cyborg or a human?
Why does Violet Evergarden seem to have a habit of biting things?
How can All Might live without his stomach?
Which anime episodes of Cardcaptors correspond to which manga chapters?
What is the song in episode 3 when the girl gets attacked at the train tracks?
Do I need to watch the original Devilman anime before I watch Crybaby?
Why does Comic Yuri Hime release 2 months ahead of time?
Which anime episodes of Yu Yu Hakusho are based on which manga chapters?
Has there ever been a Pokemon battle with a time limit?
Could Edward regain the ability to perform alchemy after the events in Brotherhood?
Do all celestial bodies have a gateway?
Why are Ainz Ooal Gown troops attacking lizardmen?
Which anime episodes of bobobo-bo bo-bobo are based on which manga chapters?
Who is George, the manager of Ahnernebe?
What does Eijiro Kirishima harden his body into?
Can Kisame breathe under water?
Where did the God Tree come from?
Any particular significance to the insects in episode 83 when Netero and one of the world leaders are having a discussion?
Can someone with activated (in use) Sharingan be pulled into a genjutsu by another person with activated Sharingan?
How did Alphonse rebound his soul to his previous body?
Are Kaguya's attacks fueled by Natural Chakra?
How does Beatrice remember about Subaru?
Who is the woman who sings the ending song for "In the Beginning: The Bible Stories."
Is Violet inspired by Saber?
Who is the fourth person on Minoru's team?
Which song plays when Alucard walks in the forest in episode 1 of Hellsing original?
How did Hiro know that pressing both eyes results in self-destruction?
Why did people follow Orochimaru?
When does Tony Tony Chopper officially join the crew?
Are the Curses of Earth natural?
What happened to Yahiko's body after he died?
What's with Steve Job and crabs reference in Aiura opening song?
In the OVA "The Blind Alchemist", how come the subject of human transmutation live so long?
What was the first anime to be legally streamed online by its original broadcasters?
Where can I find "Hakata Tonkotsu Ramens" light novels in English?
What is the song when Obito attacked Naruto and Sasuke in episode 378 of "Naruto Shippuden"?
If the World Government knew that the Strawhats were on Thriller Bark, why didn't they inform the marines?
Why does Earth have two moons after the season finale?
Why is Demon King not leaving purgatory?
Story-telling technique where the drawing style briefly gets much simpler?
Which episode shows Naruto competing in a race to a shrine on the top of a hill?
Which episodes of the Slam Dunk anime correspond to which manga chapters?
What was the purpose behind Daphne collecting data on the wizards?
Why weren't Kise and Midorima able to get in the Zone?
What did Kirito say to Asuna while stargazing in the movie "Ordinal Scale"?
Before Mikami committed suicide, was he still having faith in Kira?
Has there any official background story of Miku? Is she human or android?
Sibling relationship in Big Mom family
What is the Independence Day that Inoue Marina has been tweeting about lately?
How could Vegeta defeat Hakaishin Toppo so easily?
Do websites have to pay for using anime posters on their websites?
What was the relationship between Whitebeard and Roger?
What was the original idea for the origin of Goku (if there was)?
Why couldn't Eren Yeager transform into a Titan in the last episode of season 2?
In the Zoldyck family is something known about the grandmother and the grandgrandfather?
Why the lifespan of Giftia is only 10 years?
Why is it both "Mai" and "My" used for the title?
Where is the source that says that Stiyl looking like an adult was due to art direction mistake?
Are Giftias more intelligent than humans?
What is the purpose of the weird gender swaps of certain Sabers they throw in in "Fate/Apocrypha"?
What is Pluton and its relation with the Void Century?
Weren't the names in Edolas and Earthland the same?
What was the old Eureka Seven concept art/animator's website?
How was Law's fever cured by eating Ope Ope fruit?
What is the song that plays every time Kikyo appears with Inuyasha?
What do I have to watch before watching "Reflection"?
Are there 2 saiyans called Panpukin in Dragon Ball?
Which music plays in episode 126 on Android 17 vs Toopo?
Does Minato still have Yin-Kurama?
Why does Naruto not get a curse mark?
Why didn't Danzo give Kabuto a curse mark?
Why does Sato not lose his memory in season 2's last episode?
How Naruto can be a jinchuuriki if his mother is still alive?
What is the name of the guitar song plays in the beginning of After the Rain episode 2?
What will I miss if I start watching Naruto from episode 26 (recap episode)?
Why do only some of the Kaioshins & Gods of Destruction get erased with their universe?
Jotaro vs Dio: How can Jotaro both move and stop time in road roller fight?
Why are there unreleased soundtracks?
What were the Grand Prix rankings in Yuri on Ice?
What is the name of the song playing in Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood in episode 6 at 9:40?
How many times did Brock get rejected by women?
Is Russian still alive?
Was it ever revealed how Aimer lost her voice?
Are Pluton and Uranus weapons too?
Is there no limit to power levels?
How are Shoya and Maria related?
Why was Luffy never offered a Shichibukai position?
Why has shanks never claimed any island?
Did Trunks SSJ2 become much stronger after the sparring with SSJ3 Goku?
Why is Big Mom afraid of Shanks?
How Shanks and his crew were able to survive a clash with Kaido pirates?
Do we know Bakugou's actual hero name?
Is there a plothole in Merlin's character development?
How is the divine tree still there in episode 467 of Naruto Shippuden?
Why can only Luffy and some few characters can use Emperor's Haki?
Which anime episodes of You're Under Arrest correspond to which manga chapters?
Why Doflamingo chose Dressrosa?
Does having large chakra reserves for a child ninja indicate what one can achieve as an adult?
Where exactly did they base the locations in Germany and Czech off of in Monster by Madhouse?
Super Saiyan 4 vs Super Saiyan Blue in Dragon Ball Heroes, which transformation is stronger?
What is the music that plays when Juzo sacrificed himself to save Itachi?
Did Kichikuou Rance really save Alicesoft from bankrupcy?
What would happen to the offspring of a Sharingan user and a Byakugan user?
Is mastered Ultra Instinct the same as Super Saiyan Silver?
At the start of 6th Spice and Wolf light novel, what's up with the discrepancy between “like” and “love”?
Did Eichiro Oda the first mangaka that make a side-story of certain character in his cover chapter?
What happens when you get hit by an attack?
is the legendary super saiyan 3 in the Dragon Ball Heroes manga?
Why does Konakawa keep seeing himself in his dreams, why is he haunted by himself?
Which chapter of the manga version of Hyouka corresponds to the last episode of anime?
What's happen to yugi's otherself deck when he disappear?
What does Zeniba represent?
What song plays just before the ending song of My Hero Academia episode 3?
What is this type of hairstyle?
What does it take to be an alchemist, besides knowledge and technique?
What is the official name for Liore?
Why can't Ed perform alchemy without his arm?
Why do the Straw Hats never have money?
What are the dimensions of the State Alchemist pocket watch?
Which music plays in Bleach episode 283 at 10:33 mins?
Music during Shikamaru's fight with Tayuya
Is there a discrepancy about Tomura's Quirk?
How are transmutation circles built?
What does the twin witch pair in 'Spirited Away' represent?
How many LN is covered in one manga vol?
What’s the best way to pick up manga in Norfolk?
Which one is the longest anime ever created and how long is it hourwise?
Is there definite proof that Beerus is stronger than Champa?
What is the song that plays in Naruto Shippuden when Deidara fights Gaara?
What is the card that other Yugi draw in the end of the Yu-Gi-Oh movie?
Was the figure Aoba found supposed to be Madoka?
What is Lindel's song from Ancient Magus Bride based on?
Is Kaoru the first person who had sex with Ritsuko?
What's with the claim that Anna pulled a knife on Nobuko?
Which chapters from the manga that haven't been made as anime yet in "Detective Conan"?
How much does Shalltear love Ainz? (All quotes from the source material)
In Fairy Tail, why couldn't Zeref just go to Edolas?
Where might I buy/stream "Cyber City Oedo 808"?
What is that noise when an onsen scene opens up?
What would happen if a duelist didn't follow the instruction on the card?
What's the song when Mikasa talks to her squad leader while on the mission helping Eren to seal the wall with a rock in episode 12?
How does Father prevent the use of alchemy in Fullmetal Alchemist?
What is the song playing in Naruto Shippuden episode 121 when Itachi and Kisame are walking together?
Was the person hanging out with Eita at college, Nakajima?
Why is water coming out of the icebreaker?
Why doesn't Haibara change her hairstyle?
What is it called when anime is drawn with nonblack borders?
What happened to Homura and Shizuku in "Bleach the Movie: Fade to Black"?
When did Sasuke awaken his Mangekyo Sharingan?
Does Jiren use Ultra Instinct to some degree?
Does Jesus Christ exist in the Dragon Ball universe?
Does Princess Renner have other hidden personality as depicted in the 2nd season's ending credit?
Would it be better to watch the live action movie or the anime series to experience the original manga?
Contact info of Shamoe US, a vendor on Anime Expo
If Maika and Kaho work in the morning, when do they go to the school?
Did Gohan evolve in the tournament of power?
What does the following quote by Nagato mean?
Wasn't Dr Marco a sacrifice?
Are Yamato/Tenzo their actual names, or only code names?
Are there any studios with good working conditions?
What is the criterion to get the Super Dragon Balls in the TOP?
Does Ranma's dad prefer to be in Panda form?
What is the flashback in episode 14 of Ranma referring to?
When did Ussop awaken haki?
Is the timeline messed up in episode 27 of FMA: Brotherhood?
Did Hiromu Arakawa have any input on the 2003 FMA?
Why did Satoo use "Fabrication" when the flying ants attacked?
Why is it Moon Prism Power, instead of Moon Power, which would follow the pattern of the other initial transformations?
The strongest character in each Dragon Ball series
What did Canute mean by "this snow is love" in chapter 34?
What's the song when the army returned defeated in episode 1 of Shingeki no Kyojin?
Does Wendy Marvell have a couple? If not, why?
Is Goku using God ki when he uses Ultra Instinct?
Are the new Dragon Ball movies canon?
Why doesn't King use Fossilization on Hendrick and The Albion?
How does the blade of the 3DMG get changed?
What was the meaning of the scene of Albedo at the end of Overlord season 2 episode 10
How does Nunnaly get crippled?
Does anime with more ecchi scene pays their seiyuu more compared to the non-ecchi anime?
What are those weird three-line blushy things on some anime/manga characters cheeks?
What is the difference between all of the Sharingans?
What does the scene where Shino holds a baby above her head refer to?
Where were the scouts when the titans attacked in the beginning?
How do holograms damage players in Yu-gi-oh?
Where can I buy Kotori Habane figurines?
What are the differences between each novel version of Ousama Game?
What is the point of the incest in the research group?
What song is playing in DBS Episode 130 at around 9:40?
What's the song when Gon is on the ship to take the hunter exam?
Is there a name for when characters eyes are hidden from the shot when emotional?
What do we know about Shirase's family?
Can't 17 give energy to Goku to restore Goku's power?
No. 17 official status
Ending song episode 13 Moretsu Pirates (sub)
What song plays in the back in episode 217 of Naruto Shippuden while Yamato realizes that Naruto tricked him with a shadow clone?
Why does Harara have boobs?
What is the jokes in regards to Dragonball Character names?
Why is Suzaku able to see C.C. through the Knightmare?
Are there any differences between normal anime compared to Netflix original series's anime?
A happy instrumental song which plays during a flashback in Naruto Shippuden
Is there any explanation about Selim Bradley's true form?
Which powers/skills does Noumu have?
What's the OST in episode 5 that sounds like the alternate version of "My Hero Academia"?
Why is Toyohisa OK with Olmine contributing to the fight, but not Jeanne dArc?
What does the original Japanese title of "Spirited Away" mean?
One piece english dubbed
What's the music that plays in the background in intense scenes in Sagrada Reset?
Is the villain from the new Dragon Ball movie using Freezer army or saiyan armor?
Is super saiyan god a "super saiyan" transformation, or does just it have a missleading name?
What drives the popularity of Studio Ghibli movies?
Why Kumoko stops using this particular skill later on?
Why Goku SSJ4 transformation has yellow eyes and Vegeta SSJ4 tranformation has blue eyes?
Which anime episodes of Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Monsters and Yu-Gi-Oh GX correspond to which manga chapters?
Tokyo ravens volume 14 english
How are some planets not spheres?
How many of the 26 reincarnators are known and what are their status at the time of the S series?
Why does Kuzen not have red eyes when wielding his kagune?
Can someone help me interpret the end of root A?
Why did Dio cut off his head and not regenerate his body?
While Rido possessing another body, will their bite turn the victim into a vampire?
Does "Root A" follow the fact about Takatsuki and the One-Eyed Owl?
Can Lugia be a legendary one that reproduces itself?
What's the name of the fusion of Gohan with Trunks?
What is a kakuja?
Power of M.U.I transformation
Did Amon die in Root A?
Is Tier Halibel's Ola Azul similar to Ichigo's Getsuga Tenshou?
What is the Music called which is played when antagonists are plotting something?
What song is playing when Junko demonstrates the brainwashing technique from the anime?
Who is this guy that appear in Charlotte's OP?
Is "Snow White with Red Hair" manga available in color?
How could the pilots in mecha anime move their mechas fluently with just primitive controllers?
What is Yui feeling just by looking at her eyes?
Does Akazawa die in Another?
Can Vegeta go to Beyond SSJ Blue/ Ultra Blue at will
Why is Princess Reiners called a monster?
Super Dragon Ball Wish in Finale Open-Ended?
Do the other universes know that it was Universe 7 that wished them back using Super Dragon Balls?
Did Kale ever turn into super saiyan 2?
What happens to Akame after the fall of the empire?
What is the relevancy between the common theme of Knight’s & Magic, In Another World With My Smartphone, and KonoSuba?
Are the Gantz movie sequel to the anime series?
What are the poltergeists whispering in Episode 11?
Nami look-alike in episode 144
Did Future Zen-Oh destroy only Future Universe 7 or all 12 Future universes?
Is Shido a spirit?
Is only kissing is enough to make and break contract with familiar?
Can Pain read minds with his Rinnegan?
Is it rare for two different anime to share the same OP/ED song?
Did technology evolve in the 20 years humanity left Earth to Godzilla?
What is the meaning of the text on the hunter license?
What is meaning of colon in Nisekoi second season name?
How large was the kaioken Goku used against Lord Slug?
Which anime do these figures of girls wearing idol-like uniform belong to?
What exactly was Roswaal's role within Re:Zero?
What are the pirates in Outlaw Star chanting when they use magic?
All Supreme Kais died except Eastern Supreme Kai. Why new ones were not chosen?
Where can I find seasons 2 and 3 of "You're Under Arrest"
Which manga chapter correspond to the end of episode 12 of season 2 of the anime?
What exactly is the problem with Yukinoshita Yukino being dependent on Hikigaya Hachiman?
Is Clare able to detect Yoma aura due to Teresa's flesh and blood being the base of her power, or because she honed this ability to a cutting edge?
Before watching "Tokyo Ghoul:re" anime, is it necessary to read the manga to understand the story?
Background song that plays on episode 242 of Bleach
Is Aogiri looking for Kaneki now that he's with the CCG?
Will Mr. Mado return in Tokyo Ghoul Re?
What song is playing when Kakashi explains the terms of the bell test in episode 2?
Can English people (American Writers) produce anime shows and write manga?
Is Jellal really married? Who's his wife?
What is a shinigami representative?
Could a koukaku ghoul be fast?
Could Haise Sasaki regain his memories if he accepted his ghoul side?
Could an Ukaku ghoul beat a Rinkaku ghoul?
Can anybody/anything be an alchemist?
Looping piano song that plays at 14:50 of Episode 8 of Parasyte The Maxim
Does Conqueror’s Haki have to knock someone out?
Could the Elric brother's mother have been an alchemist?
Is Senketsu eye patterns from Kill la Kill based off something?
Exactly how did Whis bring "him" back?
Did Elsie catch the runaway spirit (kaketama) that was in Nagase Jun?
Who are Rock Lee's, Tenten's and Hinata's parents?
How much time is covered before Yuki and Kaname leave Cross Academy?
In Root A, did Hide feed himself to Kaneki so that he would heal?
Why do people disappear?
What song plays when Pazu and Sheeta are falling after the persecution of the pirates?
Is there a map for the Death March's world?
Was "UTA III - Reincarnation" in the original Ghost in the Shell movie?
Since Naruto failed the Genin exam so many times, doesn't that mean he's older than Sasuke and Sakura?
Piano song when Golgius tries to takes Meliodas' sword in episode 5
What is written on the schoolboy's pink shirt on the ending credit?
Which song plays when Lelouch tells to the world he's the emperor of Britannia in ep 25 of R2?
How many years did Natsu train with Igneel?
Which one is the original One Punch Man, the webcomic or the manga?
Which manga chapter correspond to the end of episode 13 of season 2 of the anime?
Whose and When did Clare felt the aura of yoma as strong and ominious as of Riful for the first time?
Anyone know the air dates of tokyo ghoul season 3
Who was the Blue Bunny in the Grand Magic Games?
Do popular series like One Piece not take part in popularity polls in Bakuman?
Do Japanese manga magazines have ISSNs?
Does Orochi know Haise Sasaki?
OST from Tokyo Ghoul:re Episode 2 around 20:40
Is Lector the Exceed alive?
Is Eto/Takatsuki Sen the One-Eyed Owl?
Why wasn't Killer Bee recognized as the 5th Raikage?
Is there a continuation to the "Oblivion Island" movie?
Did Major Gilbert survive?
Was Universe 18 restored by the Super Dragon Balls?
What happened to the one-eyed twins after they escaped?
Who used Izanagi first?
Who is the Mother of Meliodas, Estarossa, and Zeldris?
Is there any continuation to the marriage ceremony that got cut in the middle of the last episode of Shippuden?
What is this memorial/offering in The Walking Man?
Why Uchiha Itachi didn't make his Mangekyo Sharingan eternal?
What chapter of Berserk's manga did the anime Berserk (2017) episode 12 end?
What is the song when Usopp is defeating Sugar by using his Haki?
Will Haise regain his memories and adopt to his true personality as Kaneki again?
What's the song when Shiro is dying in the main chapel?
Which episode does Erina Nakiri find out who Soma's dad is?
Are souls born or created as soul reapers, bounts, or humans?
Why is it that English dubbed anime shows still use Japanese words such as Senpai and many others?
Are there persons born with more than one quirk aside artificially made creatures?
Why couldn't Mitsuha and Taki remember each other's names?
What do Karen and Tsukihi see Ononoki as?
OST in the 2nd season of Magi episode 19 around 4:43
Why does Homura have to die within her soul gem in "Movie Part III: Rebellion"?
OST from Tokyo Ghoul:re Episode 3
If the titan transformation is immediate once a titan eats a shifter, how did Santa Titan not become a shifter when he ate Eren?
What are Mutation Class Quirks?
How does an outsider get "citizenship" in one of the Five Great Shinobi Countries?
Why does Edo Tensei Madara have Rinnegan?
When did otaku become a derogatory term?
What is the track that plays at 19:41 of One Piece Episode 84?
What does it mean that "One for All" allows to stockpile power?
Why is (Adult) Gon Freece's Hair so Long? Why is Illumi's hair long?
How is "One for All" stronger than "All for One"?
Could Yuno do these things to win with both Yuki and her being alive?
Is there anything else that covers Itachi's story outside of the core anime and manga?
Is this poem about frogs from Non Non Biyori Repeat a common poem/rhyme?
How come Naruto and Rock Lee didn't meet each other up until the Chuunin exams though they are both from Konoha?
How can sinbad regenerate his body?
What caused the calamity of present day class, back in April?
OST Name used in Episode 25 Gundam Build Fighter Try
Ballroom e Youkoso Episode 14 & 19 OST question?
What did Griffith mean when he said "you are mine" to Guts?
Where exactly did they send Rin?
A black metal song in episode 41 of My Hero Academia
Who are Natsu's parents?
Goku SSJ Berserker in Dragon Ball Heroes?
How long before the events of Dragon Ball were the balls last used?
What's the right english translation of the name of Hit's new technique in the manga?
What's the crater in the mountain shown after Izuku talks to Kota in season 3 episode 3?
Does Tomura have other powers aside decay?
Why if Endeavor solved more crimes than All Might, he isnt considered the number one hero?
Why did Strelitzia transform in Episode 15?
How did Japonism, if at all, affect manga/anime?
How did manga as we know it today come to be?
Does "group date" mean something else other than "a date with many people"?
How is Gerheade still Alive?
Can Izanagi help to escape natural death?
End of Evangelion - Why does Misato dissolve into LCL and why did Asuka re-materialize?
Is Hawk Wandle's Reincarnation?
Song played in Tokyo Ghoul :re episode 4
The flute song in most episodes of Magi: The Kingdom of Magic
(Spoiler) Did All for one give his ability to Tomura?
Did Endeavor ever fight All for One?
What is Mugen chewing?
Bleach OST in episode 174 around 2:43
What are Tomura's extra hands exactly?
How were Sakura's release sequences made?
Why was Yuki disappearing?
OST Name used in Episode 18 Gundam Build Fighter Try
What does the number of key animators and inbetweeners depend on?
Significance of "cross" on cover page?
Does One for All give unlimited power?
How big would the One Piece planet/universe be if looked from outer space?
A sad violin song in most of flashback scenes like Obito's flashback and the storybook from Jiraiya
Is Killer Bee still alive?
Why Recovery Girl never cured All Might injuries?
Why Super Saiyan Rose eyes are sometimes pink and sometimes grey?
The song in season 3 episode 4 when Deku starts up his 1000000% punch against Muscular
Where will the Black rukh go to? Do Heaven and Hell exist?
Why there are no online stores that sell a manga in pdf format for english translation?
Why is Luffy's smile so different in his latest wanted poster?
Did Yggdrasil players have an extradimensional space to use as an inventory?
Will I miss anything if I play Ys VIII: Lacrimosa of Dana without playing previous games?
Why All Might had to punch over 300 times Noumu to defeat him, if it was the last "plus ultra" punch what sent him flying high into the sky
What do the numbers written in the top left corner stand for?
Which chapter should I continue after the anime's ending: Yuki and Kaname leaving Cross Academy?
In what order should I watch Sailor Moon series?
What anime is this blond hair girl wearing pink hair ribbons from?
Is Kashin Koji actually someone who has appeared in Naruto before?
In Naruto, does the previous host die after Orochimaru changes hosts?
If Uraraka can turn weightless anything she touches, why she didnt use her quirk to get out of the debris in the episode where Midoriya saved her?
Did Goku and Vegeta use god ki when fighting Freezer in Fukkatsu no F?
Sad music in season 3 episode 4 when Midoriya uses 100% of his power against Muscular
When did Kastro dirty himself with blood?
Why Katsuki Bakugo was so mean with Midoriya when he didnt have any quirk?
Special Volumes in One Piece
OST of One Piece episode 803 when Sanji charged at Niji and then kicked him in the face
Are Goku and Vegeta stronger than Beerus?
How is Sophia going to reset history in Full Metal Panic?
Reason for kanji and reading in 頂の座 Hecate
Has Yugi (or Yami) ever lost a duel fair and square?
How did Kourin copy Aichi's deck?
Can dark shadow be hurt?
A metal song on season 3 episode 3 of Boku no Hero Academia where the villains are starting in the wood
Why Migi could replace the heart but not the brain?
What's the reason some of the Detective Neuro's manga cover's page are upside down?
Why do we not see spiritual powers run in human families?
How does the checkpoint get upgraded in Re:Zero?
Has "High School DxD" Light Novel ended?
Why is "bioroide/bioroido/bioroid" used in different animes?
Why does Lupin III refer to Inspector Zenigata as To-chan?
"10800 = X" riddle
Does CCG Know that Haise Sasaki is Actually Ken Kaneki?
Have the Marines ever paid out a bounty over 1 millon Berry?
Why didn't Itachi tell Hiruzen (the 3rd Hokage) that Danzo attacked Shisui?
Can Katsuki Bakugo fly as much as he wants with his explosion quirk?
Are there resources for original recipes in Shokugeki no Soma?
Where can I watch/stream English subbed Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters?
Is Rurouni Kenshin going to start back up now that Nobuhiro Watsuki has been fined?
What exactly are Haibane in the anime Haibane Renmei? Are they angels?
Does this tweet really exist that indicates that Attack on Titan is about to end?
What is the soundtrack playing when Luffy beats 50 thousand enemies with Conqueror's Haki on Fishman Island?
Why the Survey Corps doesn't find a human body inside normal titan?
What song is playing in episode 22 (s2ep10) of Tokyo Ghoul?
Why is Midoriya considered a "True Hero" by some villains?
Does Kaneki pop his knuckles or break them?
Why does Tokoyami's quirk Dark Shadow goes out of control?
What's the song during the fight between Fumikage and Moonfish in Season 3 Episode 6?
How can Karen have so much power that she breaks pillars and causes so much destruction?
OST from Tokyo Ghoul:re episode 2 minute 00:00
What song plays during the episode preview after ending in Tokyo Ghoul:re episode 6?
Why did Annie accept Armin's request?
What's the song when Kaneki wakes up after fighting against Nishio in episode 2?
What song plays during the fight between Kaneki/Sasaki with Owl in Tokyo Ghoul:re episode 6?
What is this leg accessory that Noelle wears?
Why did Annie "Female Titan" stop running?
What is the Morocco Gate?
How can Gon be so tough physically when he’s just a child?
Why Marlene is a better pilot than Alicia, if Alicia was a sleeper and has B cells?
How does a Titan form or regenerate when injured?
Is Igneel really dead?
Peaceful music in episode 7 and 54 of Naruto
Was Goku bad before coming to the Earth?
How come there is contemporary technology, in addition to samurai-era and alien technology?
Song in My Hero Academia season 1 episode 10, at around 10:50
Where do I find the soundtracks and OSTs used in Megalo Box?
A song in Boku no Hero Academia season 3 episode 45 at 9:50
Can water created using water jutsu be drunk?
Why didn't Father simply capture and imprison the Elric Brothers?
Which years/chapters of the manga is based the Gintama anime series?
How could Deku hit 1000,000% One for All punch when he had no memory of it?
How can the spirits of Zanpakuto manifest in the real world?
How was Future Okabe sure that Kurisu's death wasn't a convergence point that would inevitably happen?
What does it mean that Gintoki and his friends are "Yorozuya"?
Is there any English sub for "Ashita e Free Kick"?
What's the song that plays from minute 19:00 to 20:10 in the 5th episode of the first season of FullMetal Alchemist Brotherhood?
What song/theme is playing in episode 10 of season 2 in Tokyo Ghoul?
What is the name of the song played for Going Merry's funeral?
What music is playing in season 3 episode 2, 10 minuets into the episode?
How did Homura able to return to a past where Madoka isn't already a Magical Girl?
What model year is the Honda Super Cub that Minowa rides in episode 8?
Is the anime of "Tokyo Ghoul:re" (season 3) canon?
Was Yachiru real or just Zaraki's spirit?
What chapter of Vampire Knight is the anime on?
Who are the 10 strongest fighters in the tournament of power?
Why does Edward Elric throw up after digging up his mother's corpse?
How does Gintoki's wooden sword get fixed again after getting broken so many times?
Where do Darkness and Megumin live?
What does it mean the "Tacos" t-shirt of Krilin?
What's the song playing in episode 25 in the middle of Akagi vs Washizu match?
What is the difference between hot spring water and regular hot water?
How many Counter-Guardian does Alaya have?
Which characters in My Hero Academia can fly?
How do the citizens of Arcanretia know that Aqua purified their hot springs?
Why can Sonic become a Super Saiyan like Goku?
What is the name of the background music for episode "The Die is Cast" in Sekai-ichi Hatsukoi
Why does Gogeta SSJ4 have red hair?
Why was the Osiris Egyptian God Card translated as Slifer the Sky Dragon?
Why is the Digital Duel Disk not used in any Yu-Gi-Oh! series until Arc-V and Vrains?
Is the anime adaptation of Tokyo Ghoul:re faithful to the manga?
What if natsu ate a star?
What is the name of this song from the Funimation Dub of DBZ?
What is the origin of the one-horned rabbit so common in fantasy and isekai stories?
Did the Makers of the Lupin III "Red-Jacket" Series get Permission to Feature Superman?
In ADV's "Class album: The Complete Azumanga Daioh" 5-disc box set, why are the episodes distributed 5-4-5-5-7?
What would happen if you died in normal SAO before the Kayaba announcement?
What kind of weapons can Momo create?
What did Edgeshot do to Kurogiri in season 3 episode 9?
Who initially raised Naruto?
Who is Fu in Dragon Ball Heroes?
is Cooler a "good guy" in Dragon Ball Heroes?
How is Shinobi Bout played?
Did Zeniba's hair tie help Chihiro in any way?
Why didn't Suzuha mention the destruction of Nakabachi's paper in Episode 23 (β)?
Why was there an 'Immortal Object' sign when Eva shoot LLENN in the 1st Squad Jam?
What is the order for watching the Gintama series?
Approximately when is the story of "Boku no Hero Academia" set?
What's the black warping liquid where the noumus appear from in season 3 episode 9?
What actually determines abilities of "shifter"?
Is Makise Kurisu's thesis referred from a real thesis in real life?
In the Made in Abyss manga, why does Bondrewd sometimes refer to Prushka with the formal "anata" and sometimes with the intimate "kimi"?
Music when Izuku is summarizing the fight
Could Eraserhead delete all All for One quirks at once?
What chapter of the Seven Deadly Sins manga is Episode 20?
Which characters are named after birds?
What is the name of the song in Tokyo Ghoul season 2 episode 1?
If All for One gives quirks to the Noumus including regeneration, why doesnt he give regeneration for himself?
Why don't Bertolt and Reiner break the city walls?
Where are the other 7 Bijuus after the Shinobi World War?
A song that plays in Tokyo Ghoul:re episode 10 on 1:30
How many quirks does All for One have?
What are the dimensions of Cathedral Terra?
What are the dots inside the eyes when someone uses Sharingan?
Why didn't the Gorosei fight in Marineford arc?
What is the music at season 3 episode 10 at 16:40 when bakugou flies towards kirishima?
Is it usual in anime/manga/japanese to use ブツ as onomatopoeia of mumbling?
Is there certain language that would be considered improper for kid's manga/anime?
Why didn't the magic emperor heal Asta?
Boku no Hero Academia season 3 episode 10 OST?
What half episode specials follow Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood?
Why did Cardfight Vanguard only change the OP Music but not the Animation?
How does All for One Impact Recoil quirk works?
Why could Tetsuo's hand reproduce many flesh, muscles and veins using his ESP?
How can anime or manga be made so quickly and consistantly?
Why is Tajū Kage Bushin no Jutsu a secret?
How could Akira turn like that in the end of Akira Movie?
What OST plays in episode 10 of season 3 around 15:00?
Why All for One never stole One for All?
Why didn't Obito die after using Rinne rebirth?
Can One for All become too powerful for one person to wield?
What does the name Muta mean (in The Cat Returns)?
Why does Shichika's sister sit off to the side behind a column?
Which song plays at 18:00 in episode 4 season 3 of Boku No Hero Academia?
What does Onii-Chan mean?
How does Hōō Maniwa regain his left arm?
Where does it state that Empress Tianzi's real name is Jiang Lihua?
What is the symbol on Konohamaru's sleeve?
What race is Big Mom?
Why are some panels just sketches?
Why All for One didnt keep a regeneration quirk for himself?
Which nationality is All Might?
Who and why is the woman in Tomoe's arms right before he goes on search of Dragon King's eye?
What's the difference between Endeavor and Dabi's quirks?
How is Kakashi close in age to Nagato?
Do Sugar's powers nullify other devil fruits?
What is mortality rate in dragon ball and why they considered destroying universes for that?
How did All for One become blind?
How is new the saiyan in straitjacket from the Dragon Ball Heroes anime called?
Is there any historical origins for the masks in Noragami?
When did cold opens start becoming popular in anime?
Movie for the character Hatsune Miku
How does Kihara Amata's device to bypass Accelerator's passive redirection actually work, and should it work at all?
Why All Might could handle the power of One for All at once and Midoriya couldnt?
What's the song playing when the group is discussing what to do while Bisky throws the dodgeball in episode 70?
What exactly is Touhou Kinema-kan?
Why is Midoriya's power so low according to the official character book?
What happened to Kaneki in episode 12 of Tokyo Ghoul:re?
How was Sato able to provide so many internal organs in Ajin Demi Human?
Who the saiyajins got the scouters from?
What's the music playing in Naruto Shippuden episode 1 when Naruto and Jiraiya are walking through the forest?
What are all the saiyans transformations branches in Dragon Ball series?
Did Best Jeanist die after All for One attack?
Is Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru. Light novel concluded?
Why are titles in Touhou often formatted like "Japanese title ~ English subtitle"?
Is the gun mention a subtitling error?
Is there any clarification from togashi with his new worktime since 2016?
What is an "Enchousen situation"?
Does handwritten speech indicate anything?
Who is the evil saiyan in the Dragon Ball Heroes Anime?
What's the song on season 2 episode 24 when Meliodas was cooking something and Elizabeth came to meet him?
Why does "merk" mean "meld"? Is it Japanese, or Hymmnos, or something else?
Who writes the Dragon Ball Heroes anime?
Does Tyria have Maid Droids too?
Name of soundtrack in Shippuden episode 485 when Sasuke and Orochimaru were talking in the boat
Why "time patrol Goku" attacked "DBS Goku"?
Where does "time patrol Goku" come from?
Is Dragon Ball Heroes Super Saiyan Blue Vegito as strong as Dragon Ball Super manga Super Saiyan Blue Vegito?
Why is Natsuno shown with a turtle in some fan arts?
What is the order for watching Lupin III?
Can Byakuya overcome Aizen's Kyoka Suigetsu as easy as he overcomed Koga since both of them are based on illusion?
How Kyoka Suigetsu is still in harmony with Aizen?
What was Shoto Todoroki attack about?
Which album has Steins; Gate OST 'Farewell' episode 21 version
Who is the bad guy in Aru Zombie Shoujo no Sainan?
In Voltron, where can we hear the exact quote "unleash the Robeast"?
Cumber red ki, is his regular ki or is it a transformation?
Could Eri restore the One for All quirk to All Might?
Was a slaughter by Itachi the only option?
What is the song in My Hero Academia season 3 episode 1 at 20:00?
Do Shojo and Bishonen overlap, or are they seperate?
What is this OST in the 1st season of My Hero Academia?
Why are the OADs coming out for Days called the series finale when the manga isn't over?
Xeno Goku super saiyan 4 and super saiyan god transformations, which transformation is stronger?
Is Kinana relevant in the manga?
Where can I watch or buy Captain Tsubasa J in English?
Can Marco the Phoenix regenerate a whole limb?
Is there any other character with a quirk evolution?
Are the ex-parasites in Darling in the FranXX immortal?
Did the League of Villians kill Kai Chisaki?
Song near the end of episode 18 of Parasyte when Uragami asks the detective to tell Izumi to look him in the eyes
Does cursed children erosion rate grow as time passes?
Does the Black Bullet anime cover the whole light novel and/or manga?
Could Danzo use Kotoamatsukami on Sasuke to fight Tobi?
Which Naruto episode shows a flashback of a kid stealing bread?
Did Pitohui have a special nerve gear?
Hange, are you a boy or a girl?
Confusion on Meliodas' clones' power level
Does the AGV drug give permanent or temporary superhuman healing habilities?
Does Luffy use Life Return subconsciously?
Is Broly canon now? (Dragon Ball Super Broly movie)
Song that plays on Naruto Shippuden 485
Why can't Might Guy get his legs back?
Which chapter of No Game No Life webcomic should I start after finishing the anime?
At the end of Tokyo Ghoul: Root A, is Yoshimura still alive?
What is the meaning of the hand gestures on Zetsubou Restaurant's cover?
What's the background music playing on Naruto Shippuden episode 329 when Naruto meets all other jinchuuriki?
How much strong is at least Golden Cooler?
Did Hit grow weaker or did Super Saiyan Blue Goku get way stronger?
is Tina Sprout an initiator and a mechanical soldier?
Is there hard proof for the Curse of Ymir?
Why was the lady in episode 4 of Death Parade sent to the void?
What’s the deal with Super Saiyan God in the English anime?
My hero academia season 3 ep 13
What's the song that plays when Sasuke and Kakashi arrive at round 3 of the Chunin Exams?
How was Shoto Todoroki able to resist One for All?
Why Midoriya arms are weaker than his legs and get broken more easily?
Why Kisara is able to cut through metal with her sword?
What does Ghoul mean in japanese?
Does using Devil Fruit powers drain the user's stamina?
Can armament haki be used when in Logia form
Does Enju have precognitive abilities?
Does the Parasyte story and/or manga continue after the anime?
The song playing in My Hero Academia season 3 episode 14 when everyone is training
How did "other world" or "isekai" stories gain so much popularity and where do they have their roots?
Why is there a difference between the licensed Italian paper manga and scanlation of Bokura ga Ita?
Tokyo Ghoul Re Episode 1 song when Kaneki saves his teammates
Meaning of AE3803’s Name
Can a person who was converted into half Ghoul by replacing parts of his organs be reverted to human by replacing those organs with human ones?
Are CITY and Nichijou set in the same universe?
What's the OST that plays when Jiren powers up at the end of Dragon Ball Super 126? I've been trying to find it for ages
Why wasn't Naruto able to defeat the Deva path with a single punch?
What does "Full Cowling" mean?
Are the Cell juniors being alive from the manga bonus "special" drawn by Toyotaro supposed to be canon?
Are there classes of Kagune or they are all differents?
Golden Cooler vs Golden Freezer in Dragon Ball Heroes, which one is supposed to be stronger?
Why didn't Naruto retain the Gudo dama?
Why didn't the entire village know Naruto was Minato's son?
Why didn't Kabuto callback the reanimation of Itachi?
Anyone know the name of these One Piece Osts?
Can Ghouls be killed with bullets?
Could a swordsman with Haki cut up Buggy?
Does Broly have 2 transformations?
How is that mechanical soldiers and cursed children can be held by a couple of regular humans?
Where can I watch Seiyuu shows?
The Extent of Senzu Bean Healing
Why MAL (MyAnimeList) is putting light novel and comic together?
When does season 9 of Bleach take place chronologically?
Which non canon characters were made canon in Dragon Ball recently?
Is Kale stronger than a super saiyan blue in the anime?
Why is Momoshiki Ōtsutsuki's Rinnegan of a different color?
Why do some fans believe Lelouch vi Britannia had the code when the show staff themselves have always stated otherwise? (Code Geass R2 spoilers)
Which are the classes of Ghouls?
Song played at Noragami Aragoto episode 12 19:00
What do smaller eyes persons in anime mean?
Which characters Midoriya inspired his techniques from?
Which OST plays at 16:09 in episode 845
What was Emiru doing during the 1 year timeskip?
What is going on with the transformations?? SSGSS is not stronger then SS1?
What happened to the English dub of Ashita no Joe?
Who of the three is the strongest Kid Goku, Kid Vegeta and Kid Gohan?
What are these kind of beam weapons used by Ghoul Investigators?
What happened with Iwao Kuroiwa and Yukinori Shinohara after the battle against Yoshimura?
How strong is Chi Chi?
Why isn't the Beast Titan at the start of season 3?
Is the new Baki anime series (ONA) a continuation of the manga, or the same story as the old anime with better animation?
Why did Obito's left hand get detached in this scene?
Can Sasuke's Amaterasu go through windows?
What’s that song that plays in episode 36 fma brotherhood min 4:40
Does a Ghoul need to cannibalize to reach SSS level?
How did Seido Takizawa become a Ghoul?
Who has the most powerful enlarger quirk, Yui Kodai or Mount Lady?
Are there any significant differences between the same arc in Boruto the movie and the anime?
Near the end of the Steins;Gate opening theme, why are only Okabe, Suzuha, and Luka looking to the right?
In Gash Bell, why does Suzume fantasize that Kiyo has a long, pointed nose?
What are the differences between a half Ghoul and a Ghoul other than having one human eye and a Ghoul eye?
Why didn't Masaharu turn back to lifeless doll form after time-reversal magic?
What are symbols on Boruto right hand?
Are all gold saints supposed to be equally strong?
Why didn't Nozawa Masako continue voicing Doraemon?
Why is Saber the "strongest class"?
What is the music on S3E16 when Todoroki was fighting group of ninjas?
What's the difference between semi-pro and pro heroes?
Did Yoshimura cannibalize after becoming "a good guy"?
Is the Dragon Ball Super manga "more faithful" to Akira Toriyama ideas than the anime?
What happened between the first 2 episodes of Attack on Titan season 1? How much time passed?
Why is the boot camp for the Survey Corps 3 years long? Because Japanese High School?
What is Eren's and Mikasa's relationship?
What is the reference to Kiba's speech and Issei's flashback in episode 2 of High School DxD Hero?
What was that song that played in my hero academia season 3 episode 12?
Why Eren can't fully transform?
How does an official anthology for a manga series get created?
Does Hunter x Hunter manga progress further than the Anime?
What is the song playing in Code Geass R1 episode 24 when the black knights are ready to fire with the heavy cannon?
Where do the ethics of Shonen anime come from?
Who is that in Dark Twist Square and how are they related to Gen Urobuchi's work?
Can the reanimation jutsu bring back a person at any age?
Is the age difference between Dino and Maika in Blend S traditionally okay for romance in Japanese culture?
The colour of Naruto‘s Rasengan
Why did Gohan not use the multiform technique during the Saiyaman saga?
What's the song at the beginning of episode 40 of Assassination Classroom?
Why did Neji’s father stil have the Hyuga curse mark on his forehead even after his death?
Which anime really started the explosion of new isekai anime? Why didn't previous entries in the genre succeed in doing this?
Can Kumagami in Charlotte possess Yuu Otosaka?
The song playing in ep. 54 of Boku no Hero Academia when Todoroki fought the guy that can make things big
The song played on Boku no Hero Academia in episode 55 (S3E17) about Todoroki vs Ninjas fight part 2
What did Ikta mean when he said "...Right now, you’re really red..."?
Were Stark and Baraggan Arrancar before joining Aizen?
Has it ever been established as to who the strongest trainer in the Pokemon Anime is?
What is the piano piece played at the end of airplane flashback on episode 19 of Nodame Cantabile season 1?
Why is episode 2 of "We Rent Tsukumogami" called "Gardenia"?
What song is played during Attack on Titan season 3 episode 40 when Erwin is telling his story?
Boku No Hero Academia Season 3 Episode 17, the song that plays during the end scene?
What does a Titan needs to eat from another Titan shifter to steal its power?
Has Ash ever cleared all 8 gyms without losing in any region?
What's the music/OST in God Eater ep 4?
Has there ever been a duel, where Yugi used every existing card right?
Does "I Couldn't Become a Hero, So I Reluctantly Decided to Get a Job." have an English dub?
Is there a manga with a scene where Shinji chokes Asuka?
What is written on Kohinata's belt after Nanaka makes the changes?
The instrumental music during Midoriya's monologue on My Hero Academia season 3's prologue
How strong is Mezo Shoji?
What is the song in Hunter x Hunter (2011) ep. 70 at 19:00?
What does Guts have in his left arm and when did he get it?
what's the song in Hunter X Hunter ep 73 at 9:51?
How did Hiei recognize his sister?
Why is Galand's armor color different between the manga and anime version?
The song playing in My Hero Academia season 3 episode 14 at 4:10
Why doesn't Pain have some spare dead Bodies?
What's the name of the song in episode 18 of season 3 of My Hero Academia?
How are backgrounds animated?
What is the music at season 3 episode 18 when Yuga Aoyama was distracting the enemy?
What was the red (rasengan type) thing Boruto's giant rasengan collided with, while attacking Momoshki?
How Asta is able to go through portals without dissolving them?
What's the content of the book that Aya read at the end of Mad Father?
what happens if Amaterasu is cast on another Amaterasu?
How does the actual tattoo on Sasuke's shoulder should look?
Can I use a UK Crunchyroll account on a US PS4 and viceversa?
Does Zoro still have his ankle scars from Little Garden?
What is the song at season 3 episode 18 at 19:00 of My Hero Academia when the last 10 students of UA fight all the enemy?
Can I start watching Naruto Shippuden after Naruto Ep 135 and not miss anything? (Story wise)
How did Kirito bring back Yui when she was deleted by Cardinal SAO?
How strong did Neia Baraja become, and what caused it?
How long can a cursed child live if she does not use her inherent gastrean abilities?
Were the War Hammer Titan and the Cart Titan ever shown in the anime?
Does Blast appear in the manga?
What is name of the soundtrack used in Parasyte ep. 12 around time 14:35?
Does Nosferatu Zodd help Gatsu in the manga?
How to find the full version of a song
How many trainers in the anime have Legendary Pokemon?
In Master Keaton, is TV news being used as secret code based on real world practice?
Themes, symbols or hidden meanings in Spirited Away
Is there a Naruto manga that goes over kid Kakashi?
Why is there no nudity in Darling in the Franxx?
Who is the physically strongest villain, All for One or Muscular?
Are All Might and Midoriya equally strong when they use One for All 100%?
How many continuities are there in Dragon Ball?
How can Aoshi Shinimori walk/run/fight when he got shot in both legs?
What is the meaning of this 'fox' hand gesture?
Why didn't Eren Yeager saw the Key before in Attack on Titans?
Why is Giorno's clothes color different between the manga and anime version?
Is Natsu's half-dragon form his complete Dragon Force?
How many titan shifters can harden their skin?
Has Boruto the anime caught up with the manga?
A song in Boku no Hero Academia Season 3 Episode 45 from 10:50 to 11:55
Is Gohan stronger than Vegeta in the DBS manga?
How strong is "Ultra Instinct" Roshi in the manga?
Who is the person that Rin saw doing high jump?
Where can I watch Nanatsu no Taizai season 3 online?
Can ditto turn into a shiny version of a Pokemon?
Does “Aria the Scarlet Ammo” manga continue off from the anime, or does it turn into the spinoff?
Is there any Japanese anime with a Korean OP or ED?
How did Dizzi get trapped in Kenny's laptop?
What's the name of the song from My Hero Academia season 3 episode 9?
Why is Al's armor so big?
What regiment do soldiers under Dhalis Zachary's belong to?
How does a colossal titan come down once he is done shifting?
Is there any hint in the Manga that Riko will meet the rest of the white whistles?
Soundtrack in Bleach episode 358 at around 8:45?
Why does Charles zi Britannia say "Yes, you're worthy of being called my child now!" at Lelouch's action?
How much of the Citrus manga got adapted in the anime?
Does Hiei transform into his Jaganshi form more than once in the anime?
What does the end part of the Tales titles mean?
Why did Near start to suspect the presence of a second Death Note?
Was Rin's death the only reason which has led Obito to start Fourth Great War?
Will Made In Abyss season two feature the same producer as OST?
Who is the singer of "Future Star"?
Is there a name for "4-koma style" anime?
Appearance of Ruby's Mother
Did Goku use kaioken in chapter #39 of the manga?
What did Makie talk about with the worker in harbor?
How does Star Platinum get the same ability as the World?
Why did Umi only raise five flags "H-O-K-U-T" leaving out the O at the end?
Why didn't Lelouch incorporated Black Knights in imperial army using the fact that he is Zero after he became the king of Britannia?
Where does the recurring tale of a spiritual / paranormal sake banquet in the woods coming from?
Is Cumber Golden Great Ape transformation the same kind of Golden Great Ape transformation seen in Dragon Ball GT?
Why is Ikki so important for Genesis?
The forms of a demon weapon- what is off limits?
What's the name of the song in Boku no hero season 3 episode 19 in the minute 19:00 approximately?
What song played in the background when Metal rips of his necklace?
How 'wild Digimon' in the Digital World fuse or DNA digivolve?
Does super saiyan god Vegeta exist in the anime series continuity?
Where does the golden great ape transformation fit in the saiyan transformations scale?
Do the eyes retain the host's powers or the donor's Ocular abilities after it's transplanted to obtain Eternal Mangekyou Sharingan?
What's the name of this piano theme in My Hero Academia?
How did Nue Survive?
Why can All Might still do his buff form?
Does Fu have a "super" transformation?
Why did the Greater Grail fulfill Shirou's wish while the other Servants were still alive?
What happens when a devil fruit eater is asleep?
OST on My Hero Academia season 2 episode 3 around 12:05-12:45
What does Victor whisper to Yakov before entering the airplane?
Was it ever stated canonically that Itachi was already dying when he fought Sasuke?
Which chapter of the manga does Kirishima unbreakable form appear?
What is this paper fan used by some student council president/senior member called?
Is it known which titans follow in power to the Founding Titan?
Why wasn't the Susanoo used?
What's the name of the song in Boku no Hero season 2 episode 15 from 04:46 to 05:40?
Did Dante ever activate his devil trigger in the anime?
Song from Ep 29/ S2 Ep 16 of My Hero Academia starting at 19:21?
Was mother Caramel eaten by Big Mom? And does eating Devil Fruit Users transfer the powers?
Hindi Poster Underneath a Bench in Anohana
What things and objects uses Blood Ability in Graveyard floor?
Did Kurama become a whole after the last war?
Why is Naruto hated in the beginning?
What's the song that plays on No Game No Life episode 2 at 14:35?
Is a Titan's size based on age?
Why not re-indoctrinate the entire Squad 13?
Why didn't APE create more clones of the princess?
What measures does the police take to control villains with all sorts of quirks?
Was Madara tricked by Hashirama when he absorbed the latter's senjutsu?
What is the release pace for English dub of Black Clover?
Song used in the after credits scene of Boku no Hero episode 47 with the introduction of All For One
How was Ainz able to perceive the threat of skeletal dragon beforehand and warn Nabe?
Why do characters repeatedly say other characters names?
OST in BNHA when the HUC child scolds Izuku?
Why are the monsters so different between Blood+ and Blood-C?
Which manga chapters correspond to the 2nd season (or "Season 3" on Netflix) of the anime, "Revival of the Commandments"?
What does this symbol that looks like a stylized "P" mean in each of Hajime no Ippo's matches?
What does the number on the Bog's Counter mean in Kaiji?
Tetra's avatar's gender: which one is it?
How could Rudy be a sorcerer before he was an adventurer?
Is it confirmed Fu having saiyan cells?
Can users of Rinne Rebirth exchange other's life to revive someone?
Is Nanachi able to ascend from the 6th layer again safely due to being a narehate?
Are Vegito super saiyan blue kaioken and Canba base form even?
What is the OST in episode 481 of one piece
What is the OST played during EP 6, from 3-gatsu no Lion?
Madara/Pain's Rinnegan
Why didn't Rod Reiss just eat Eren? Why did he need Historia?
Did Ranma lose his (her?) virginity in the Ranma 1/2 anime series?
Why does Feitan torture when Pakunoda can search someone's memory?
Why wasn't Hisoka interested in fighting Meruem?
What actually are Dragon Slayers?
How does All for One's "stealing quirk" work?
Why can Enel be hit without Haki?
What is the song playing in My Hero Academia season 3 episode 19 at about 7:25?
Is My Hero Academia: Illegals canon?
Are Mu and Kiki Humans?
Does Mirio Togata have superhuman speed?
Is Gogeta super saiyan blue confirmed in the new Dragon Ball Super movie?
Why does Rudy know so much English/Japlish?
Change of final bosses in SAO Season 1 and Ordinal Scale
Naruto Shippuden episodes after The final battle
Who is the baby Lucca picked up?
Who was Chrono waving to at the wedding?
Why does Kofuku protect/admire Yato so much?
Are there more than 12 golden keys in Fairy Tail?
When is Fairy Tail Season 3 release date?
Why doesn't Eren's Founding Titan ability to control other titans work on Rod Reiss' titan?
Is there a Japanese opening/intro for "Golden Boy" (「ゴールデンボーイ」)?
Which episode is this scene when Lan Wangji smiles at Wei Wuxian on the roof?
What's the origin of spiral glasses as a Japanese stereotype?
Name of song Boruto episode 73
Did Squad 13 contain a pioneer among the Parasites?
Why do light novels and manga have long titles?
Why was there a kid running with a Uchiha crest on his jacket iafter the Uchiha ending?
How did Sasuke survive the Tsuchikage's particle style?
Can Kakashi use Susanoo in Boruto?
Ki suppression control
What of Mei Terumi, the 5th Mizukage's marriage?
Song in episode 14 of Ghost in the shell SAC 2nd gig
is Vegeta's new form in manga chapter #40 super saiyan blue evolution?
Why was Elsie the "Final boss" in TWGOK?
Who and what is Satyr's role in New Hell
How was Elsie able to stop time?
Why is Luffy's scar shaped "X"?
How many years do hero students study at U.A. to become professional heroes?
Why do light novels tend not to be animated directly?
Would Historia Reiss become as big as Rod Reiss if she had turned into a titan?
What makes Seras Victoria special?
What the intense plucky guitar song that begins at 3:35 in My Hero Acadamia Season 3 ep 62/24
Which other nations are there in Attack on Titan world aside Eldia and Marley?
What holiday is "Miss All Sunday" named after?
Why does Exodia still appear in the intro of the first Yu-Gi-Oh! series?
What is the book referred to in Episode 4 of Asobi Asobase?
Why was Foo Fighters subbed as Asteroid?
How much is the casting time of Super Tier Magic and why Ainz used a cash item to speed up Iä Shub-Niggurath spell?
What is the piano song in Charlotte ep. 13 when Yuu picks up the flash cards?
Does this manga mentioned in Outbreak Company actually exist?
Inconsistent D-mail Dates in Steins;Gate Season 1 and Steins;Gate 0
Was golden oozaru cumber's blast power what made Super Saiyan Blue Vegito defuse?
Is it explained anything about what turned the cellphone-microphone into a time machine? (not how it is operated)
Four people excluded from the kill list of Dark Young of Shub-Niggurath
Accuracy of the translation of English manga?
Can Boruto really use water style?
Is the character known as Cuzco a member of Nickes' Alliance?
Who is this goggles-wearing character from the second My Hero Academia S3 intro?
Is Kai aware about Cray?
Why Bakugo didnt fight Mirio Togata with the other students?
Can Cumber transform into a super saiyan in the anime?
What's the OST that plays in the last episode of season 3?
Does Rintarou also transfer his tiredness everytime he travels back in time by transfering his memories?
In GitS:Arise, who did the Major and the gang work for if not Section 9?
Is there any other characters with 2 quirks like Todoroki?
Would Naruto awaken Rinnegan if he take Sharingan from Sasuke?
What's happened to the Masamune to make it so evil?
How do you spell Marry Kozakura's name in English?
Why do anime mothers often get the short end of the stick?
Why has no one except Bakugo figured out that All Might passed his powers to Deku?
Can Ainz Oal gown make Clones of himself?
Which kind of Overlord is Momonga?
Are Vegeta and Goku of the same age, or do they have several years of difference?
Did the voice of actor of Freezer worked in Gintama?
Can Obito's ocular jutsu acces multiple dimensions?
Can Amaterasu's speed increase?
What causes the Susano to morph into more advanced stages
How can saiyans have Freezer army-like armor when they first met Freezer?
Are there other ways of reading the Uchiha Tablet?
Where can I legally watch Rahan?
Why can Katakuri use Observation Haki for so long?
Has Midoriya's father ever appeared in the anime or in the series?
Is it known if One for All can't be passed through genes to children?
What happened to the Titans after the Survey Corps left the walls?
Can Kai Chisaki fuse with anyone?
what is the rolling thing (in real world, if exist) to cleaning the floor?
Is there another wall encompassing the entire of Paradis for Marley to use?
Why is the music of Studio Ghibli movies so similar?
Why are there Japanese and English names mixed in the anime series Fairy Tail?
Are there several others saiyans alive?
How strong is Gintoki?
What's the song on episode 24 of season 3 of Boku no Hero Academia when the Big Three is entering the class?
Did Naruto stack Sage Mode with Sage of Six Path Mode?
Is "La Tabki Ya Saghiri" an original Digimon Arabic song?
Couldnt Overhaul be used in the same way of Eri's rewind quirk?
If one could easily use Mangekyou Sharingan even without being an Uchiha why only Kakashi use it?
Why didn't Eren's eyes change colour when he inherited the Founding Titan?
Can Mirio solidify his body beyond human level hardness?
Does Goku suffer amnesia?
Has Dragon Ball Super Broly changed the original Dragon Ball story?
What happened to Magus?
Why does Wei WuXian look like Mo XuanYu?
Why most of the heroes have close range physical quirks?
What is the "Recovery" of Moriko Morioka after the series end?
What's the meaning behind Yuzuru's photographs?
Which reasons does Endeavor have to think having a freezing/fire quirk would make you stronger than having a fire only quirk?
Philosophical meaning on how Ed beat/defeats Truth?
Can an Ackerman become a Titan Shifter?
How was Takuto be able to become a shinigami if he was in a coma?
Kakashi's Mangekyou Sharingan
What is the age of The Witch of the Waste in Howl's Moving Castle?
What are the Chinese characters for the names of the Chinese American characters?
Why does everyone in My Hero Academia care about how Midoriya Izuku got his Quirk?
Is MyAnimeList still good ranking site for anime?
Can 2 elements be combined into a new release without a "clan based Kekkai Genkai"?
Is Gaara able to control sand because of his mother or shukaku (the 1 tails)
Do dolls in Rozen Maiden live like a human?
Is there a mind link between the Gedo Mazo and its summoner
How did Moegi acquire the Wood release
Is Dabi Endeavor's son?
At what point did the Kurama stop sucking Naruto's chakra?
Why was EVA Unit 01 Crucified?
What is Japanese version of the pun word, "slife"? ... and term for adult friend?
Is Levi Ackerman of Asian descent, like Mikasa?
Is the talisman a form of cursed seal?
Is Ash's explanation for the origins of his name correct?
Are other pirates than the strawhats able to find raftel?
Do Ghouls gain the kakuho they eat when they cannibalize?
Why All-For-One goes for a full frontal assault against All Might?
What happened to Kushina's soul
Is Kabuto better than sakura in terms of Medical Ninjutsu?
Are all Summoning animals Immortal in a sense
My Hero Academia Season 3 sound track
Why did EVA Unit 01 only accept Shinji as its pilot?
Where do the Angels get their names from?
What's the name of the song that plays at 18:06 in Noragami Aragoto episode 12?
Whats the track in code geass season 1 episode 11 in prologue when black knight attacks
Are there other "elemental based" Chakra modes aside from Lightning
Which episode in season 3 showing Eren having to seal a rock with hardening?
Why couldn't Natsu tell the difference between Gemini and Gray?
What happened to the Steins;Gate 0 anime?
Why didn't wizards get magic deficiency syndrome in Edolas?
What chapter does season 3 of Attack on Titan finish at?
Why do mecha anime tend to be original works?
Is Himawari's Gentle Fist more powerful than the average Hyuga's
Does the Similarity in appearance of 2 seals mean they are connected?
How did EVA Unit 01 interfere with SEELE's plan?
Can the Kekkai Touta be achieved by anyone with 3 chakra natures?
What song is played in episode 39 (S3E2) of Attack on Titan at around 13:00?
Why did the Magic Council make so many Faces?
Did Boruto inherit Naruto's large Chakra reserves
Can anyone give me a short, concise lore summary on One Piece?
How does Water style function in naruto?
What OST is played in episode 685 when Fujitora is talking about colosseum's warriors teaming up?
How could Darui wield 2 of the Sage's weapons
Reincarnated as a Slime -- Are the alphabets in the end credits real?
Tokyo Ghoul re: Season 2 - What did Orca notice about Arima in his fight with him?
How is the moon still Intact
Why is Boruto's Dojutsu different?
What is the trope of a leader being overburdened with paperwork, and is it specific to anime?
What is the meaning behind the titles of Tokyo Ghoul OVAs JACK & PINTO?
What does the LED on the NerveGear mean?
Why did Rei abandon Gendo for Shinji?
Who are the characters in the Audience?
How does an Element based Chakra release work
Why are Sharingan users less susceptible to genjutsu?
Is Ashura the actual creator of the "Rasengan"?
Has Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood always been the number 1 top anime on MyAnimeList?
Does anyone know what the song that plays when Deidara uses his C4 Giant jutsu on Sasuke?
How does Orochimaru exist in all of his curse marks
Why is Leobolt searching for Finis?
Can normal titans dig the ground?
How is it ensured that Anime Fillers do not "clash" with eventual plot elements?
How is Phantom a "top sniper" when they seem to spend little time actually acting as snipers?
How did Madara pull the Meteor stunt
How could mitsuki attain sage mode without training
What is real identity of Kagari?
What is the icy humanoid creature?
What is Meliodas's TRUE power level
How did Mari manage to pilot EVA Unit 02?
How to tell apart Japanese and non-Japanese characters in-universe and out-of-universe?
The Unknown clan
Why is the bang covering the right eye so prevalent among anime hairstyles?
What is this OST for Episode 4 of Rurouni Kenshin / Samurai X?
Is Super Saiyan 4 Vegito transformation the same Super Saiyan 4 transformation we know or it's an upgrade?
Why is the Uzumaki clan symbol more like a trademark in Konoha
Why do Mio and her friends seem to all wear different uniforms?
Why didnt Kondo capture Katsura in episode 106th?
What is Chino's age in Naruto Shippuuden?
Why did Historia see her father's memories?
There's any clue on why Battle Programmer Shirase ended so abruptly?
What is the music on season 3 episode 21 of My Hero Academia around 6:20?
Why is there a Hindi poster in Boku no Hero Academia?
How did Rimuru get the human form?
Who is Luffy's first mate?
What is the name of music in Code Geass ep10
Was Mitsuki decieved into being friends with Boruto?
How do characters in Naruto train to use elemental jutsus besides the wind nature?
What happens to a Titan Shifter if they die without being eaten?
Can an EVA kill it's pilot through harm caused during battle?
What clan is Kawaki from?
In Black Clover, how is Nero able to find the magic stones?
Was anybody from the Hyuga Clan an anbu?
Did Kagura ever show more strength than Gintoki?
Did Gintoki keep his ability to be possessed by other and increase his power?
How does the One piece Bounty system work?
Did Kaji know that he was going to die in Episode 21?
Did Shinji activate EVA Unit 01's Berserk Mode?
How is the title of Yonko earned?
Which manga chapter should I start to continue from season 3 of My Hero Academia?
How did Gon and Killua know they were being spied on when entering Greed Island?
Who were the previous "Emperors of the Sea"
Why did the storm dragon's name change from Verudora to Veldora in the anime?
What happened in the battle between Shanks and The King of Beasts
If the Tonegawa anime is supposed to be a prequel to Kaiji that is set in the 90s, how come it features modern things?
What will happen if Aizawa uses his quirk on Invisible Girl?
Where does Blue Exorcist anime cut off in the manga?
Could Sasuke use the six paths of Pain?
How is the witch Queen the Mother of all witches
Where was Kirito running to?
Is Klein gay? Is he gay for Kirito?
Why is it assumed that people who just got out of SAO would not dive in to another game?
What music plays at 16:23 of FMA Brotherhood episode 62?
Why is Asuna alone during the first floor boss meeting?
Why does Sachi come to Kirito's bed? Does this imply more than what we see?
Why did Mitsuha's face go red when Taki told her that he drank her kuchikamizake?
In "Radiant", do all Sorcerers have "animal-like" features?
Massacre skills of Hameln
Is Naruto still a Genin after becoming Hokage?
Why does Shiroe bought all the land in Yamato and sold it to the server?
Why does the text of Shino-sensei's math problems look different from normal Japanese?
Contradictory cards?
Why didn't Kayaba Akihiko notice that not all of the players were logged out?
Where was Hamura when Madara decided to steal the Ten-Tails' Gedo Body?
Could Oonoki's Dust release disintegrate the Amaterasu?
Is Dragon Ball Heroes Goku Ultra Instinct way stronger than Dragon Ball Super Goku Ultra Instinct?
If a white person/American was to make anime is it still anime?
What is Shanks relationship with the Gorosei
Are any JoJo's anime related?
Is Rascal correctly wearing a real type of backpack?
What is the context for Rimuru's joke about taking five minutes for the audience to quiet down?
What happened in episode 11 of the Little Busters Refrain anime?
Why did Madara use wood clones to manifest Susanoo while fighting the 5 Kage instead of shadow clones?
Why are Fairy Tail and Fairy Tail: 100 Years Quest separate series?
What's the name of the instrumental action song that's at the begining of episode 188th of Gintama and in many other action scenes?
Can Ken Kaneki from Tokyo Ghoul self cannibalize?
Sadaharu's form in Gintama
How did Konohamaru fool everyone in the Hidden Leaf Village?
Which perceived version of each character belongs to who in chapter 39-40 of Dungeon Meshi?
Shouldn't Edward Elric still be able to perform alchemy?
Which was the power level of Broly when he was a kid, 10,000 or 920?
Why Goku and Vegeta didnt use Super Saiyan Blue Kaioken and Super Saiyan Blue Evolution to defeat Broly?
What was the “I’m not a bad slime” reference?
What is the deal with some Emperors
Were the players able to communicate with the outside world?
Why was Asuna late?
How do loot and item drops work?
What happens after Kaneki carries Hide and meets Arima?
In what episode does Killua meet Netero who is getting ready to fight?
Can anyone tell me what you call these bangs?
Why didn't Naruto do anything when he and Gaara were being beaten by the ressurected leader?
What happened to Katakuri's mouth?
Why did Gintoki and Jirochou have a second fight?
How did Finral transport Yami into the cave?
For how long can a titan shifter can be in his titan form?
Can all Dojutsu be replicated?
How powerful is Carrot's Sulong, when compared among the Strawhats?
Does Asuna speak English?
Do Byakugans also posses "hidden" ocular powers?
What is the connection between Stands and Ripple Energy?
Who is the strongest fusion, Gogeta super saiyan blue or Vegito super saiyan blue?
Does Gogeta metamor fusion last longer than Vegito potara fusion?
Garmillans only sometimes speak alien language
Is it known if Rimuru's magicule supply is growing rapidly?
Which anime story came first, Accel World or Sword Art Online?
Why did Makarov not use Fairy Law against Tartaros?
Why did Warren need to invent communication lacrimas?
What is the name of this Hunter x Hunter (2011) song in episode 20?
Is Akira Toriyama involved in the new Dragon Ball manga arc?
Isn't this Layla Heartfilia's grave?
Is Gintoki's sword one of the strongest swords?
Why Goku's Ultra Instinct wasn't awakened in his battle with Broly?
How do Terraformars reproduce?
Is Gintama ending or not?
How are Anime distributed in Japan?
Why did Saber choose to return to her original timeline in Fate/stay night (Saber route) anime?
How could "this character" come back to life without becoming a Vampire at the end of Stardust Crusaders?
Difference between emission and conjuring
What is the piano song in the very first beginning of Tokyo Ghoul:re season 2 episode 1?
Did Archer notice who Rin was when she first summoned him in Unlimited Blade Works?
Did Zero-Two regain her memories far earlier? [spoiler alert]
What song plays in Akame ga Kill episode 5 when Esdeath is introduced?
In Sword Art Online Ordinal Scale, how does Asuna know about the boss' healing ability?
What chapter of the manga does Snow White with the Red Hair anime leave off at?
When does *The Miracle of Endymion* occur?
Are the "A Certain Magical Index" seasons connected?
Is Tarble canon?
Why Raikage didn't consider Minato using Body Flicker in their fight?
Is anime1.com a legal site for watching anime?
Have there been any announcements or news as to why the second season of Mysterious Girlfriend X was never made?
If Brook drown or even touch those Seastone handcuffs, shouldn't he die since the power aren't working anymore?
Can Kurapika identify the owner of a set of scarlet eyes?
Where can I watch Sailor Moon legally?
What song is Tsukiyama playing on piano in the chapel?
What is the end of credits song for Hunter x Hunter season 1 episode 51?
Is the Accel World manga the whole story?
Does Gogeta have a new transformation in Dragon Ball Super Broly?
Is the Degenerate skill name used as a noun or a verb?
Who was the attacker targeting in episode 1?
Where does Bungou Stray Dogs cut off in the manga?
Can Urashiki steal Kekkai Genkais?
What "actions" did Toneri Otsutsuki perform on Boruto
Why do the pistols and rifles not have trigger guards in Full Metal Alchemist: Brotherhood?
Did Hijikata and Kondo kill Oboro?
Does anyone know what those branches are in Goblin Slayer episode 7?
When did Shanks get scarred by Blackbeard?
Why is Super Saiyan Blue (Goku) more powerful than Super Saiyan God (Goku)?
How come there are still Quincies if the whole race was wiped out?
Can a mangekyou sharingan user awake Eternel Mangekyou, by only transplanting a pair of Normal Sharingans, or does it need a pair of MS?
Why didn't Naruto use Summoning Jutsu in Chuunin Exam?
How come Mr. Braun doesn't remember Suzuha?
Does Sebastian have feelings for Ciel?
What are the eight original Maken?
Seven Deadly Sins Manga to Anime question
Could the Sharingan have seen Nue's "possession chakra"?
What is the role of the assumption 'As long as it doesn't violate pledge three' in pledge 4?
Did the fake shogun agree to be killed by Hattori Zenzou?
Why was Kisame surprised when he saw Obito (Tobi/fake Madara) without the mask the second time they've met in person?
How is the title of "National treasure" attained?
Do shops need permission to produce scale/action figurines based on anime/manga characters?
Is Hanekawa punching Hachikuji out of character?
Can you help me find out where im stuck with Naruto Shippuden?
Soundtrack of K: Return of Kings at the beginning of Episode 2
OST/Song on Season 2 Episode 22 of Boku no Hero Academia
What is the soundtrack in the min 40:18 in Grisaia no Meikyuu?
Is Son Hak a Dragon?
Songs in episode 286 of Fairy Tail when the guild members saw the young boy before the soldiers hurt him
Is Guy's 'Air Walk' (8th Inner Gate Guy) and Sanji's Sky Walk similar?
What happened to Metal Lee's Mother?
How does the "Chakra induction paper" react when someone has multiple chakra natures
What relation does Image Synthesis from the third game, have to Grathmelding from the first game?
Does one need to see the 2 Little Witch Academia movies before watching the series?
Why are Gantz weapons slow to take effect?
Why didn't Hagoromo reincarnate dead shinobis after the Fourth Great Ninja War?
What was Mithos's vow(s) to the Summon Spirits?
Did Kishou Arima know about the dragon Kagune?
Is it impossible for Goku and Vegeta to turn Legendary Super Saiyan?
Where can I watch all episodes of Kiteretsu Daihyakka in English?
Why did Majitani's surrender not count in his Trick Tower fight with Kurapika?
Are there power levels mentioned in Dragon Ball Super Broly?
Who is stronger Jiren or Broly?
Which content providers show anime in India?
How did Luffy beat Katakuri?
What's the purpose of the dance that Narancia did in Golden Wind?
Why was it so easy for Kichimura to tear the one-eyed owl kakuja apart?
How do hybrids (half-humans and half-ghouls) rate in strength compared to normal ghouls?
Are Kale and Broly's transformations the same?
Is this Mr. Spock in Sei Juushi Bismarck?
How many transformation does elfman have
Thrilling music played in Tokyo Ghoul :re season 2 episode 11
How old was Broly when he was measured 920 of power level?
Differences between the Gintama anime/manga and the live-action?
How many chapters does ''Yona of the Dawn" volume 15 have, and what are they?
Can Fana still summon the Salamander?
Is there a special significance to the "20" on this Naruto/Kakashi shirt?
Why did Jotaro's Start Platinum's punch destroy DIO's The World?
Dragon Ball Super Goku Black vs Majin Buu?
Song playing during My Hero Academia Episode 53 (The Test) at the end?
Death Note, chapter 2 - Website "The Legend of Kira the Savior"
Why Digital/Web/Online Manga are still colored in black-and-white format despite not having publised physically?
Did Freezer surpassed Goku and Vegeta's power level again in Dragon Ball Super Broly?
What happens to Zoro's scabbards when he's in a fight?
What happened to Nopperabo's entire face?
Where does the phrase ecchi sketchy one touchy come from?
Why didn't DIO used his piercing eye attack to kill Joseph or Jotaro?
What is the song name played after Kaneki kills dragon (19:30 - 23:42) in 12th episode of Tokyo Ghoul :Re 2?
What is the Hiraishin no Jutsu's weakness?
What is Kumomadori Radio?
What happened to the participants of the Fourth Holy Grail War in the Emiya-san Chi no Kyou no Gohan timeline?
What's the name of the song played in season 3 episode 14 at about 21:15-21:57?
Before Tobi/Madara fought Konan, why no one tried to attack him while he's transporting himself?
Is Yamori's change of hair color caused by torture?
Why did Sakuta's wound start bleeding again?
Why did Kichimura know Kaneki was going to mutate into Dragon and why did he say he provoked it?
Why are Ghouls worried all people from Tokyo become Ghouls?
Kancolle. Song played at the night talk before reassignment to other fleets
Where can I read Chuugakusei Nikki?
Is there a way to indicate the action to remove a manga's cover to see the hidden cover?
Why did Fuuka decide to go solo?
What are those lines under some anime characters eyes supposed to be / mean?
What is the recommended viewing order of Steins;Gate?
What did Kakashi/Sakura mean in this scenario? Naruto Shippuden Ep 484
How strong Mama Hawk really is?
Are Meliodas and Elizabeth still in love after he becomes the demon king?
Who tattoos the Phantom Troupe?
Who is this white-haired girl figurine wearing a black-and-white grid skirt?
Is there a reason Gon never speaks to his grandmother?
Who was Levi's host?
Can Hammerheads both swim and fly?
How is rabb.it allowed to stream anime?
Who is the blonde woman in the opening of "Slayers NEXT"?
Does the Goblin slayer anime series cover the whole manga/novels story?
Original song used to make VOICES tilt-six Remix feat. Miku Hatsune?
Fairy tail wizard Myatogan's source of magic
Why Trunks doesnt turn super saiyan rage in the Dragon Ball Heroes anime?
How could someone with Magic wield the Anti-magic weapons?
How useful is dragonball saiyan armor?
Who are the Baby-looking villains attacking universe 6?
The song playing with narration of Misaki Kirihara about 21 minutes in episode 25 of "Darker than Black"
What happened to Hibiya and Hiyori after they broke out of the time loop?
Which is the timeline where Vegeks Xeno appear?
Who is the demon who saved Cell from being killed from Vegeta?
Is "Attack on Titan" taking place in the past or in the future?
Does Dabura and Kid Buu fusion have a name?
Why Dabura is stronger and looks different in Dragon Ball Heroes?
Does Ultra Instinct have a larger multiplier than Potara fusion?
Is Moro capable of raising his power unlimitedly with his technique?
Does Touhou 9: Phantasmagoria of Flower View reference a specific real world event in 2005?
Are the Japanese and US releases of the Yu-Gi-Oh! manga the same?
The title of the song in Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei season 1 episode 16 around 19:08
Why does Naruto’s anime and manga have huge differences?
Do the last two seasons of Berserk contain nudity?
Does the Galactic Patrol Prisoner Saga where Moro appears take place after or before the Dragon Ball Super Broly movie?
Are the Dragon Ball Heroes anime and manga supposed to follow the same story?
Was this person killed by someone else at the end of "I Want to Eat Your Pancreas"?
How did Kakyoin get Killed by the World when it was outside of the World's range?
Have there been releases of the Dragon Ball manga per issue in English or only collected editions?
Why do the stronger enemies in anime/manga tend to look more human?
Why do females always run like this?
Is there a connection between Medea and Len?
Is Mihawk stronger than one of the gorosei who holds the sword(since mihawk is titled strongest swordsman)?
Did the Mass Production EVA Series make use of souls, like "normal" EVAs?
Why did EVA Unit 01 accept then refuse the Dummy Plug?
What is the name of an "interrruption screen" element in the middle of an anime episode?
How did Trafalgar Law get to and leave Marineford?
What's Goku's and Vegeta's green aura in Dragon Ball Super Broly?
If the rose bomb is so powerful and poisonous why didn't they airdrop a dozen on the palace and called it a day?
In the UC timeline of Gundam, are Minkovsy Particles the cause of Newtype Powers?
Song used in episode 14 of 'Hinomaru Sumo' when the interview with Tennoji Shido ends at about 19:30?
Can anyone steal the powers of Devil Fruit from another?
How do Goku and Gohan manage to turn into great apes in Dragon Ball and Dragon Ball Z?
What is the purpose of the Liger Zero's cockpit change in Schneider
What are the different Battle Modes and their restrictions?
Isn't Doctor Laon's Weather Controller a violation against the Tigers Team?
What type of tablet does Yuito use?
How can you tell when Vegeta is fighting in super saiyan god or in super saiyan blue in the manga?
Why didn't Eraser Head just cancel out Kurogiri's quirk when he attacked the USJ?
What is the reading order for Kawaraya A-ta's Asuka and Rei (and sometimes Mari) H-Doujinshi?
When will the Fruits Basket reboot start airing?
What OST is playing?
Where did Itsuwa`s sweater go? (Continuity issue)
What is the correct chronology in Sword Art Online what light novel and manga volumes?
Why did Public Safety Section 9 have to be "sacrificed"?
Info on Mangaka Strike/Ball Tanaka?
Why doesn't anyone use the substitution jutsu later in Naruto?
Which song plays while Hughes and Mustang talk during episode 30 of FMA:B?
Do vampires in strike the blood have any of the traditional story vampires flaws?
What is the song that was playing at epsiode 10 R2 11:50 of code geass
Does super saiyan blue evolution exist in Dragon Ball Heroes?
Is there a non OVA version of season 2 of Strike the Blood?
Silver-haired humanoid?
How did the Denpa Kyoushi manga end?
Song playing at the Fairy tail: season 3 episode 16
Is Gear Second still damaging Luffy?
How did Ivankov and Inazuma survive Magellan?
Will of D. in One Piece
Mawaru Penguindrum Episode 16 seizon senkaryu Music
Soul Eater: Can students transfer from the NOT class to the EAT class?
Where is this Schoolgirl Plushie from?
Where is this Lion Plushie from?
Dragonball Z different versions
Dragonball Z - Rule for dragonballs
Can I do a Tiger Shoot like Hyuga Kojiro from anime Captain Tsubasa
Is it proven Gogeta is stronger than Beerus?
What does Mai's weird hand gesture joke even mean?
In Fate, can a Master summon an Extra Class Servant during a Holy Grail War, or under any circumstances?
In what episode did Karin meet Orochimaru?
Can a manga get an anime even if it already has a live action drama?
Why Akatsuki Kojou almost always use Regulus Aurum familiar for attacking?
What's the music in Fairy Tail Season 3 Episode 15?
Can Himawari awake Tenseigan?
Did Miki really never bully Shoko?
How does Sticky Finger ability works towards Pesci in Golden Wind?
What was the soundtrack with Juuzou looking at Big Madam during the auction raid in Tokyo Ghoul Re:?
When does the Dragon Ball Super Broly movies occur in the series
Does Fairy Tail have one main goal / plot, or is it just many separate stories?
Is there any indication that Gon will get his nen back?
Why did Goku/Vegeta not recognise Broly?
Mountain Tribesmen in Hi Shin Tai
Why do they tie their thumbs and don't use handcuffs?
Who is the enemy fighting Hatchiyack in Dragon Ball Heroes manga chapter 5?
How strong is Hatchiyack in Dragon Ball?
Does Deku/Midoriya ever use his power without breaking his bones?
At what chapter of the manga does the first season of DanMachi conclude?
What is the BGM playing during Naruto Shippuden's special episode for the Fourth Hokage's Legacy
What shows inspired Sword Art Online?
Final trigger that ended the Age of Gods(FS/N), World binding anchors beside Rhongomyniad
Where can I watch the Chuunibyou specials?
Where can I watch The Seven Deadly Sins?
Corrupted Grail Fragments inside Sakura, and Illya's heart
Can all Saiyans become a Legendary Super Saiyan?
Did Arataka Reigen retain or unlock some psychic powers?
Why Mob couldnt stop the dash granny?
What is the song in episode 13 when Levi shows up after Eren seals the breached gate?
Which chapters of the manga do the season 1 and 2 of the Mob Psycho 100 anime cover?
What does Kyon mean by a classified information that can't be said on TV in episode 13 (the 2nd day of Endless Eight)?
What happened to Fugo in Episode 18 8:35?
Can Freezer 4th form defeat SSJ2 Cabba?
How did the daughter get away from the Witch of the Void?
Is Derris-Kharlan's tree in Tales of Symphonia it's original one, or it's new one?
Do Gogeta and Vegito have the same personality?
Is Jiren a Fusion Character?
In the Monogatari Series, who is Araragi truly love? Hanekawa, Shinobu or Senjougahara?
Song from Naruto episode 12
In "Your Name", why does anyone let the scammers get away without calling the police?
Given how Obito had acquired Bijuu in the past, why would he bother going to war?
Is Hisoka basically immortal?
Can we say the human race won The Great War in No Game No Life: Zero or Tet won?
Currently is there any proof that Mael have used "The ONE" form?
Did Goten and Trunks ever fused using the Potara earrings?
How can All Might still fight using One For All in the latest movie?
Background song to bleach episode 314
What’s the song of Nanatsu no Taizai season 1 episode 18 remaining 2:56 minutes?
Song in episode 13 when Sakuta and Mai were on a late-night date
Kurapika's initial disrespect for Leorio, "Rewolio"
Where did the Ultrasaurus' come from in Zoids: New Century
Where is Kurisu Makise really is?
The meaning of the episode names in "The Promised Neverland"
What is the name of the song that plays in .hack//G.U. Vol 1 Rebirth just before Haseo and Sakaki meet for the first time in mac anu?
What is the meaning of the title of "Perfect Blue"?
What art style do TV series Mononoke and Ayakashi Samurai use?
Why is alchemy powered by tectonic plates?
Will Amaterasu go along with the summoned animal or disappear?
What did Pegasus do with his left eye after the Millennium Eye was removed?
After Hitagi End, does Nadeko ever meet Araragi again?
Is Kurama more powerful than Susanoo?
Roshi is over 300 years old because he used Dragon Balls, but how is Master Shen still alive?
Does the pin in Steins;Gate pose any information paradox?
Did someone replace Uvogin in the Phantom Troupe?
If demi-humans age by leveling up, then can they die of old age?
Does Kana Akatsuki have any published works other than Violet Evergarden?
Why did Luffy not command the Straw Hat Grand Fleet against the Big Mom Pirates?
What's the name of OST that plays in the beginning of all episodes of Magi?
Song playing in Bleach ep. 242 on Ashisogi Jizou's first appearance
How strong was the Genki Dama Goku made to defeat Jiren?
Did Goku get a Zenkai boost when Freezer gave energy to him?
Can the Eternal Mangekyo Sharingan affect people without direct eye contact?
Why don't the Shinigami just hang around the human world?
Trying to find a song in Assassination Classroom (S1 EP8)
How was SAO copied for ALO when Kayaba said it was all being deleted after SAO was cleared?
Why doesn't Pain use other paths when his bodies are killed?
Ranma 1/2 Season 7, Ep. 151, The Kuno Sibling Scandal - Score
Mjolmire and what does it profit a man?
What is the song in My Hero Academia that begins when Midoriya and Todoroki fight in Season 2 Episode 10 (before Todoroki uses fire)
Who has the most informations about the poneglyph?
Differences between the Battle Angel: Alita manga and anime and the Alita: Battle Angel Live action
Can hunters change their specialization through training?
Why did Violet's eyes constrict when Major Gilbert was shot?
Why Oreimo changed the actual brand name in Akihabara
Does Mob have an automatic/unconscious psychic protection?
Did Morel find back his pipe?
Looking for alternative version of Soredemo Sara ni Mukou e
Is Kid Buu twice as strong as Super Buu?
Is Hanzo a proper hunter?
Mysterious black hands on chapter 383 of Hunter x Hunter
Where to submit anime idea?
What do you call Al's armor seal?
Can Hyakkimaru understand what he hears or not?
Can espers in Mob Psycho 100 create any kind of superhero powers?
Are the final events of DBZ considered canon?
When did Lelouch take the Code from his father?
In what order should I watch Monogatari series?
How is Zamasu supposed to be alive in Dragon Ball Heroes?
Why do most dragon slayers in Fairy Tail have their emblems on their shoulder?
Which song plays in Rurouni kenshin during the scene between Okina and Shinomori?
How come Vegeta did not use his Super Saiyan Blue Evolution transformation in the dragon ball super Broly Movie
Does someone destroyed by a God of Destruction leave a ghost?
How many number of anime sales in Japan is considered as profitable?
Is it possible to use magic without saying "System Call" in Sword Art Online - Alicization?
Do all ki warriors need to power up?
Can universe 6 saiyans turn into Oozaru?
In Blend S Episode 7, why were strawberries sold out in every market?
What song is played during Attack on Titan season 3 episode 5 when the verdict is announced?
What was Hirohiko Araki's inspiration to create JoJo's Bizarre Adventure?
Did Goku actually die near end of Frieza saga? Plothole?
Why isn't Frieza permanently in his golden form?
Which is the music played when Natsu fights Zeref in Fairy Tail Final Season Episode 17
In Devil May Cry 5, how does Urizen defeat Dante, Nero, Trish, and Lady in their first battle?
Is this ring merchandise with a red seal and gold "忍" emblem exist in Naruto?
Why was Gowther not able to see the demon in Dreyfus?
Why does Paragus look younger in DBZ Legendary SSJ compared to DBS Broly
OST in season 3 episode 10 of My Hero Academia when Bakugo fights 1v6 with the villains while trying to escape
What song plays at 1:21:01 in the movie "Futari no Hero" ("Two Heroes")?
Is Boogiepop series connected to the Boogie music genre?
Why was Spike looking for beans in “Cowboy Bebop: The Movie”?
What is the song at the end of episode 6 of "Kenichi: The Mightiest Disciple"?
Is Jiren the strongest mortal character in Dragon Ball Heroes?
How is it that Scanlations are still faster than Licensed releases?
What's the name of the the track after the opening in Episode 111 of Hunter × Hunter (2011)?
Which song plays in Naruto in season 5 episode 9 at 5:00?
When does the Bleach OVA occur in relation to the anime?
How/when did Rukia and Renji find out about Ichigo's inner hollow, and did everybody else know around the same the same time too?
Song in Episode 11 of Nurarihyon no Mago: Sennen Makyou anime
BTOOOM! Complete plot
How did Norman and Emma not get seen?
Song from Tokyo Ghoul season 1 episode 10 at 08:25 when Ayato enter a coffee shop
Would Sasuke awaken 2nd Rinnegan if he in some case accept arm with Hashirama's cells
How was Ouni able to contain most of his aura?
Where does the Season 3 TV series start and end in the Manga Chapters?
What is Truth's view of the philosopher's stone?
Which characters can go Super Saiyan 3 in the Dragon Ball Heroes anime/manga?
Are all namekians brothers?
Does Eren hate Mikasa?
How come sports anime never have tryouts?
In One Punch Man, is King actually weak?
Does the truth that Naofumi did nothing to Myne ever come out?
Which characters in One Punch Man have regeneration abilities?
How much of a Devil Fruit must be consumed to gain the power?
What does the “5D’s” mean in Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D’s?
Why is that woman considerd the woman that Rimuru is destined to be with?
Why did Myne frame Naofumi?
Was Haru actually trying to kill Yamaken?
What's the name of the intro song in The Day Naruto Became Hokage?
Was Hyakkimaru immortal before regaining his body?
The name of soundtrack in The Seven Deadly Sins in season 2 episode 5 when Merlin was fighting with Galand
Where I can buy "Maquia: When the Promised Flower Blooms" manga/light novel in English?
What song is playing in one piece episode 530 while nami is shopping?
Why was lord Muu's fissioned clone not affected by the Earth Release: Ultra-Added-Weight Rock Technique?
Higurashi Route Chapters
Same story but different start(refer the body of Hyakkimaru)
What does "Daimadoshi" mean in "Dai no Daibouken" (Dragon Quest: The Adventure of Dai)?
Where can I buy English Region B Bluray for Arise - Pyrophoric Cult?
How does censorship in the English release affect the Dragon Ball Z manga storyline?
Why did mama (Isabella) told "they escaped safely" to Phil?
Origin of the philosopher stone using human soul from an alchemical text in real life
What does もっとたゆたゆver. mean in AT-X shows' broadcast information?
What and where is this Yhwach’s quote mentioned?
Can you release your zanpakuto if you are mute?
Why did the stand "Notorious B.I.G" change to "Notorius Chase" in the anime?
Name of the song that plays in Boruto Episode 100 after opening theme?
With animation being so time consuming, why are hairstyles so spiky and complex?
Common Magical Girl tropes?
When is Naruto using Kurama one tail
What period of time in DM does the catastrophe scene in Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D take place in?
How did they do for being able to retain Toichiro Suzuki for incarceration?
Can hand-reliant stat monsters in Yu-Gi-Oh! be abusable?
Why did Hisoka want to kill Panthom Troupe's members?
What is the song used when naruto asks iruka to be his dad for the marriage
How can we measure a character's power level in relation to others for the Dragonball Series beyond Frieza?
Does Trunks know how to fire a Kamehameha?
Which volume has Mikasa's backstory?
Which Episode of Bleach is this quote from? / Help me cite this quote
Where can I find the dubbed version of Naruto Shippuden? (after Episode 140)
Tokyo Ghoul Re: Anime what part in the manga?
Why was Ueno-san forcing Tanaka to drink her urine?
Why Does Ichigo look different after he gets his soul reaper powers back?
Why does Trish's Stand have a personality of her own?
What if someone wishes to not become a magical girl in Madoka Magica?
Tokyo ghoul season 1 episode 1 music when kaneki talks to lize
Anime / manga genre structure from Wikipedia
Which episodes in Boruto are fillers?
Significance of two moons?
Are the varied non-monster species on Gaia a result of Terran Souls replacing Gaian ones?
What is the statue Hyakkimaru prays to?
What is Genga exactly?
how close was kabuto to achieving the power of sage of six paths?
Why did the defense barrier went down when Hyakkimaru mother stabbed herself?
Why does Iida call Ochako Uraraka-Kun?
What do the colours of the souls mean in Dororo?
Why did this character become a zombie after the King Crimson arc?
How does Edo Tensei actually work?
Why the gods of destruction dont intervene in Dragon Ball Heroes?
How strong is Saitama to be able to resist the gravitational pull of a black hole?
How many times was Genos upgraded?
Is King's luck natural or does he have some sort of "luck superpower"?
How can Kakashi use Kamui and Chidori so much during the Ninja War
Who are the Heroes that Sweet Mask acknowledged?
NOT including fillers, has Naruto ever killed anyone?
How do you sign up for the entrance exam to get into UA?
What's Hearts race/species, demon, alien or what?
Which threat level is Garou?
Which book is referenced in My Neighbour Totoro, when the Susuwatari are introduced?
Does Saitama have enhanced senses?
Where do the people of Orth get their food from?
Song from Tokyo Ghoul, Season 3, Episode 4
Do light novel author/illustrator make a design for every single character?
What is Saitama reading?
How does S-Class heroes' power compare to threat levels?
Can the Law of the Cycle destroy itself?
If the universe seed is for creating universes, why does Hearts think he can destroy the Zenos with it?
In High School DxD, what does a demon gain by forming a contract with the summoner?
Does Lelouch vi Britannia speak with a Japanese accent?
Is there an English dub for Triage X?
Boku no hero academia season 3 episode 10 OST
Why does the Hero Association ratings have several S-Class Heroes to be more powerful than Tatsumaki?
If the Hero Association thinks that King is the strongest man alive, why isn't he ranked higher?
Why have Fate/Zero and Fate/Apocrypha light novels not been officially translated to English?
Can Rimuru's Predator power put someone in an infinite dream?
Is Saitama the fastest character in One Punch Man?
Is there a specific anime category for shows like One Punch Man and My Hero Academia?
Why does tier Harribel hate Barragan?
What does these non-numbered Monogatari novel's chapter title means?
Can Goku activate Mastered Ultra Instinct at will?
Why Vegito chose to use kaioken and not super saiyan blue evolution to increase his power?
What are those crystals Goku Ultra Instinct Omen was attacked with?
Is Senor Pink's wife still alive?
Which kind of features do the armors the heroes use have?
How are people supposed to watch Naruto legally if they live outside America?when it's only licensed in Canada and US on crunchyroll
Is Kefla stronger than Vegito?
Is Madoka being a Hypocrite?
Why didn't Fuhrer Bradley just imprison the Elrics and members of military plotting against him?
Is merged Zamasu fully immortal in Dragon Ball Heroes?
What's the "super saiyan hair" power in Tiger and Bunny?
Now with the Dai Kaio Shin memories being brought back to Majin Buu, can he use god ki?
Why Moro's power draining dont work in Majin Buu?
How does Origami Cyclone defeat his enemies if he only can copy NEXT bodies but not their powers?
Is Evangeline and Mittermeyer was incest?
On which chapter does Naruto married Hinata in the manga
What actually happened with sword maiden and her goblins?
What were the two bottles that Sebastian found before he got stabbed?
Why do the Z-fighters hide their power?
In the past, did Goblin Slayer rescue Sword Maiden?
Does Saitama have any friends outside the heroes ones?
Why are there four graves when Ciel first comes home?
How is possible Moro can defeat super saiyan blues but Majin Buu can fight him?
Can anyone in Naruto universe use all five chakra natures?
Are there any news about a Chinese anime movie called "Kuiyu Chouyuan" since its trailer?
Who knows King is powerless?
Did King get any stronger?
Which heroes beaten up by Garou died?
Why don't characters teach each other techniques?
What is the difference between Hero Killer Stain and Hero Hunter Garou?
Are there any OVA of Sword Art Online series?
Do Metal Bat and Tatsumaki get any closer to Saitama at any point of the story?
Why Vegeta doesnt learn Goku's techniques after being fused with him?
MHA, Looking for song that plays in Season 3, Episode 1 Game Start
Who is the strongest hero physically after Saitama?
Was Saitama a weakling before being a hero or not?
Which official Dragon Ball crossovers are there?
Can Mumen rider resist a S Class hero punch?
What is the music in Bleach Ep 320 at 10:00?
Is Holo different from other nonhumans?
Is Garou actually evil?
Which are all the S and A class heroes whom Garou fought?
Who is the strongest esper in One Punch Man?
Can sasuke use purple lightning?
Where do I pick up from after finishing the Deltora Quest anime?
How could a B hero class like Fubuki defeat a dragon level villain?
Who does the image labeled "god level threat" in OPM webcomic chapter #77 belong to?
How could Chihiro tell which pigs were her parents?
In "Unlimited Blade Works", why did the servants choose to fade away rather than staying in the real world?
Who is faster, Flashy Flash or Speed-o'-Sound Sonic?
Why Saitama was so poorly promoted after he defeated this insanely powerful enemy?
Are there other ninjas aside Flashy Flash and Speed of Sound Sonic from the same village in One Punch Man?
Why is calling Tohru amazing an insult to her?
Which version of One Punch Man is more expanded, the webcomic or the manga?
Can Sea Prism Stones be cut or broken?
Can heroes have any kind of powers in One Punch Man?
Anyone know the name of the song in Naruto Shippuden episode 471 min 10:50
Can Genos do something to increase his power other than changing his parts?
How does Kakashi's promotion to chunin at age six make any sense when Rin and Obito graduated at nine?
Looking for a track from Assassination Classroom (S2E19)
What are the thin books that everyone reads when in a club in School/slice of life Anime?
What is the music that plays in season 5 episode 25 (episode 130) at 18:42 of naruto
Has any other work of ONE been animated aside One Punch Man and Mob Psycho 001?
English letters in anime titles
What is the song played by Takuma Miura in S1 Ep 11 of SWORDGAI The Animation at 17:52
Why do many manga artists prefer to use pen and paper over digital drawing?
Where to watch My Hero Academia: Two Heroes?
What is the price of Crunchyroll membership as of 2019?
Why are there only 3 episodes of "World War Blue"?
Does Metal Bat need his bat for being more powerful?
Who is the strongest monster in One Punch Man?
Do these facial lines have a name?
What's it called when anime and manga chooses not to show nipples but make it as erotic as possible
Does Tatsumaki wear panties?
Why do supernatural titles contain the word 'Code'?
Does Melissa Shield ever appear outside the movie?
Why Midoriya didnt get another Full Gauntlet after the one he had was destroyed?
What is the song playing during Midorya and Bakugo's fight?
What is the name of the track at 17:25 in episode 764 of One Piece?
How many days pass during the first part of Konosuba episode 4?
What exactly is Korosensei?
What is the BGM when Sakura and Haruki leave the train station?
Which Cutey Honey Anime Adaptations are complete/finished?
Why do Priest and Elf-girl care about how they kill Goblins?
Why are recap episodes so common?
How can non-Japanese fans encourage continued anime or sequels?
Is the Sword Maiden blind?
What happens after the ending of White Album 2 anime?
In what order should I read Ghost In The Shell?
Where do the Bleach filler arcs and movies fit in the anime timeline?
How and why was Alucard imprisoned in the Hellsing basement?
Why does Manaka react like that to Hikari's confession in episode 12?
How did Toneri Otsutsuki move the Moon towards the Earth?
Where does the "You are 100 years to early" trope come from?
Which threat level was Garou when he defeated Tank Top Master?
Which heroes in One Punch Man defeated dragon-level monsters?
Can the calamity cause more than one extras to be brought back?
What were the two siblings referencing in episode 5 of No Game No Life?
How did Nagato have his eyes before Madara’s death during the 2nd Shinobi war?
Is Orience on Gran-Pulse somewhere?
Boku no hero Season 3 episode 11 OST 10:24 and 11:45
Why King was demoted from #6 to #7 S Class rank?
Why defeating dragon level threat elder centipede wasnt enough for a rank promotion?
Why King was needed as a decoy to grab the attention of elder centipede?
Did Genos get more powerful than Metal Knight?
Is Whirlwind Water Stream Roaring Aura Sky Ripping Fist just Bang and Bomb combined techniques or is it something more?
What kind of glove is being shown in the following pictures, and why is it nearly always a knife user who wear this style of gloves?
Does any hero with enhanced regeneration in One Punch Man also ages slowly or live longer?
What does this flag mean? How is it related to Raoh?
Can Child Emperor's Brave Giant Millenium Emperor Nova be fired with Brave Giant's original arm?
What is the song in episode 3 of Your lie in April
In Mirai no Mirai, where is the protagonist's family house in Japan?
Why is Suzuha’s last name not Hashida in the beta world line?
What are the origins of Naruto's stomach's double tetragram seal?
Do Child Emperor's mechanical arms have AI and independent movement of its own?
Why Naruto's transform has exactly 9 tails?
What is this soundtrack at My Hero Academia Season 2 Episode 24?
Difference between Vampire and Noble in Noblesse?
Which heroes are mutants?
Is Hinaichigo still alive in the manga?
How to support a creator?
What kind of puppets/dolls is Thunderbolt Fantasy using?
Which chapter/version of One Punch Man the battle between Tank Top Master and one of Bofoi's drone is in?
What "thing" were Taiga and Ryuuji talking about in Episode 1?
Is the water style actual "magic" or is it just a visualisation?
Why did Light didn't reply to second Kira separately from L?
Why does Vash the Stampede act so happy all the time?
Why does Horo call Lawrence Master?
How does a wolf come to live in wheat?
How can 蛙 be read as あ ("a") in Asui Tsuyu's name?
Is the Mewtwo in Detective Pikachu a Mewtwo we know?
Does Mob appear in One Punch Man?
Who are the four heroes who can face Elder Centipede according to Gyoro Gyoro?
Fate/stay night. Why is Saber called a King and not a Queen?
Who is in charge of the monster association, Gyoro Gyoro or Orochi?
How far did Ash travel across Kanto in total?
How is it possible to run out of Haki?
Why would Saitama choose this path?
What's the name of the song in Bleach that played in Episode 230 at 20:19?
Why are old anime women often depicted as young girls?
Is this Non Non Biyori song an existing one?
Did Luffy really kill Arlong?
Has a bankai ever been silently activated?
Why did Father create his "children" as the 7 deadly sins?
Where can I watch One Punch Man season 2 legally?
Which is the first D-Mail?
Where does the Kyuubi inside Naruto exist?
Is there somekinda site that shows beyblade parts image from different views?
How many kinds of guns have been used in Highschool of the Dead?
Is writing a manga more similar to writing a screenplay than writing a traditional comic book or even a western graphic novel?
What do L and Yagami Light Read when they are seen reading like Lin EP15 and Light in Last EP
What conditions trigger becoming an undead
What is the name of the OST playing in episode 2 of My Girlfriend is a Gal at 14:28?
The OST playing in "Parasyte the maxim" season 1 episode 19 when the police scan the civilians to find parasyte
The flute song in episode previews in the anime Magi
Raye Penber conversation with Yagami Light following the bus incident
Air Gear OVA 2 Battle Music
How did Kid even know about the detectives gathering at the mansion in episode 219?
whats is the song that plays in naruto episode 479 when sasuke talks about naruto when the infinite tsukuyomi?
Why does Tomoko refer to My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic as an anime?
What is the source of superpowers in the One-Punch Man universe?
Is Natsu's Etherious form still alive?
Do Eren's crystalization powers come from the Attack Titan or from the Founding Titan?
What accent is Kanbaru referring to, and where did she live prior to her parents' deaths?
How come WW3 doesn't happen in the Stein's Gate worldline?
What other countries have good animation scenes?
OST in Naruto Shippuden
How can the Armored Titan be killed if he can transfer his consciouness to his body and transform and heal?
Who has the strongest power level according to Child Emperor's Okame-chan device?
Are there books which compare Western with Japanese storytelling structures and conventions?
Did the fight between Orochi and Saitama happened in the webcomic like it just happened in the manga?
Do drifters age?
Did Kino no Tabi (2017 Remake) ever release a soundtrack?
Why does Eren Yaegar not have memories of previous attack titans
Filler episodes for anime that has no manga original - some questions?
What is the logic for the representation of the various chess pieces?
Why do subaru's eyes look dead ever since chapter 6 arc 2?
Is Atomic Samurai speed in the same level of Flashy Flash?
Why Levi chose Armin instead of Erwin?
How long can each titan keep his form?
When does episode 9 of one punch man air?
Origin/meaing of the nodes on Greed's (And other Homunculi) body in Full metal alchemist
Why we rarely see magic circle during battle in Fairy Tail : Final Series?
What is the name of the song that plays when Itachi puts Sasuke's eye in a storage container? (videos linked)
Did King kill any monster in the webcomic out of fear?
what is name of soundtrack in Attack on Titan episode 18 arround around 19:50?
Can someone explain Leorio's wager with the prisoner?
Why is Genos directly promoted to S rank and surpasses Amai Mask?
What are the limits of Heaven's Door?
What was Kirito's actual family name?
What are the hand signs that Naruto does for Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu?
Why does Inuyasha stop using Blades of Blood after the first few episodes
What would happen if a master won the Holy Grail War but didn't have any wish?
Does Itachi loved Izumi in a girlfriend kind of level/way?
Who is Uchiha Izumi's father?
The ending of white album 2 anime indicates which ending of white album 2 visual novel?
Bleach episode 293 song
What does Hiro fire?
How did Iaian survive Boros's ship bombardment?
Why the horse who was sent with bombs to kill Hyakkimaru resurrected with flames?
Can SuperAlloy Darkshine be hurt?
What is the song that plays in "Kore wa Zombie Desu ka?" season 1 episode 6 at 0:38?
Shiny Bulbasaur doesn't have a golden bulb but Ivysaur and Venusaur do
How did Ging know Gon wouldn't die?
Can 4 people fuse into 1 powerful person?
Why can't Haki be used with seastone cuffs?
Why Naruto's hand was not injured using rasenhurikan
Which S class heroes are left in the Hero Association?
What is the name of the song playing in Attack on Titan season 3 episode 13 when Levi attacks Reiner?
Is there a name for this anime run?
Why All Might didnt show the previous One for All users quirks?
Do users of One for All lose their original quirks?
How did the people of Marley to steal 7 of the 9 original titans?
Is 'Tower of Druaga' an isekai, video game, or fantasy series?
How many tendrils can Midoriya use when using the Black Whip quirk?
How and why is Emilia connected to Satella (the Witch of Envy) and the Witch Cult?
Why did All for One gave a quirk to stockpile power to his brother?
Can a One for All user transfer just one of his quirks to other users?
Which chapter of the manga does Season 4 of My Hero Academia anime start?
Who are Emilia's parents?
Does Issei Hyodo still have the Divider power after season 2?
How large is the explosion the colossus titan can create when transforming?
What's the song that plays in season 1 episode 11 at 16:33
Evillious Chronicles: What is the reference / wordplay with the "United States of Maistia"?
What is the song playing in "March Comes in Like a Lion" season 1 episode 6 at 9:30?
Why is Motoko Kusanagi usually the only one with thermoptic camouflage?
What is the song playing in My Hero Academia season 2 episode 25 at 10:00?
Why did Uraraka say this?
Why Midoriya said he remembered All for One's memories?
Is there any reason why Aizawa and Shinso use the same cloth-type capturing weapon?
Is Ranpo part of the hunting dogs?
What was the song the played when Naruto first used the one tail cloak?
Why Hachikuji isn't surprised by the fact that Araragi is a vampire
Fairy Tail backround music in the beginning of episode 9 of the final series
What is the song that plays on episode 4 of Tokyo Ghoul Root A when Kaneki battled Shachi?
Is there a limit to how many times Twice can copy himself?
Does Golden Meta Cooler have ki?
Song played when Hendrikson returns and fights the grey demon in season 2 episode 6
Where does Golden Meta Cooler come from?
Can Twice copy One for All?
How does Himiko Toga quirk replications habilities work?
How does Tomura Shigaraki for not disintegrating his shoes?
How is it that Dyne was able to commit those murders?
Why does Dyne have a Gun Arm aswell?
Tokyo ghoul s01 e01 piano soundtrack @2:25
Can Rinnegan users fly or levitate?
Why is Silver Fang rated as S-class Rank 3 hero?
Can the attack titan and the founding titan be splitted?
If Eren Jaeger dies without transfering his titan powers, will both powers transfer to the same child?
Does Eren have to be in contact with a titan with royal blood or an eldian with royal blood to activate his founding titan commanding powers?
Red hair Garou, is there an official name for this form?
How many forms does Garou have?
Why Light didn't lose memory in ep31
Who is the yellow-haired character in opening of Midnight Occult Civil Servants?
Do individuals with the power of Titans posses the ability to time travel through the memories of future wielders of Titan powers?
Why people from Marley think once aircraft forces from other nations will be developed , Titans wont be useful anymore?
Why didn't Marcel turn into a Titan to avoid being eaten by Ymir?
Why don't Evangelion Pilots need to pump the LCL out of their lungs after exiting an Eva Unit?
Why wasn't this titan involved in any military operation until at least the 3rd Season of the anime?
Can Black Sperm return to be as powerful as he was?
Which is heads and tails?
Which chapter of the manga version of Gintama corresponds to the last episode of anime?
Does Garou have some important techniques of his own?
Do auras really have color and movement to them?
Is anything known about Saitama's family?
How Yami Bakura could summon "The Winged Dragon of Ra" without be in "sphere mode" and neither pronouncing the chanting?
Soundtrack from Assassination Classroom episode 3 2
What was Kakashi's name when he was in the Anbu?
Soundtrack from Assassination Classroom season 2 episode 41
Are there any academic books or articles which analyzes popular manga?(Fight scenes)
Was Cloud and Tifa living together and raising kids in Advent Children?
Does Garou actually kill the heroes?
What is the point of using the kunai?
Does Dororo meet Hyakkimaru again in the ending?
Can Bakugo keep up with Midoriya's One for All?
How did Araragi Koyomi lose his vampire powers in the Monogatari Series?
Has attack on titan season 3 part 2 finished?
Is there any connection between "Whispers of the heart" and "The cat returns"?
What is the name of the song in the last episode of shingeki no kyojin season 3 part 2?
In Sword Art Online, is Kazuto (Kirito) Suguha's cousin, or is he adopted from unrelated parents?
Who was able to resist more punches from Saitama, Boros or Garou?
what is the song that plays when migi enters shinichi's arm in episode 1 and where's the link to find it
Why did garou get orange hair?
When was Orochimaru kicked out of the village?
Should I watch up to season 5 of naruto then go to naruto shippuden?
Why SSB Goku can face SSJ3 Cumber now?
Do Bang, Bomb and Genos know who killed Elder Centipede?
Isn't Sunshine "THE ONE" mode not strong enough to fight The Demon King?
How fast was All Might?
Is there a limit to how much anger and frustration can Re-Destro turn into power?
More steps from person until the Death Note than a pen still works?
Did Genos have his lastest upgrades when fighting the Deep Sea King in the Virtual Genocide Simulation program?
Did Dragonball (1/Z/S) ever show the Z fighters getting ready for the day?
Are there more difference between All Might / One for All quirk and Re-Destro quirks other than how the power is accumulated?
Which was Destro (Re-Destro's father)'s quirk?
What was the betrayal done by Micheal Roa?
Why could Goten and Gohan not resist the Baby controlling them while Trunks was able to?
Why did humans and birds turn into stone but other animals didn't?
What's the name of the song that plays when the students save Aries in episode 1?
Does "One Piece Movie: The Desert Princess and the Pirates: Adventures in Alabasta" have anything related to the Alabasta arc in the anime series?
Are there other nations in AOT?
Did Orichimaru use the real bodies of the First and Second Hokage against the Third on the rooftop?
How did Heathcliff manipulate Kirito and Asuna back to the battlefield?
Where to watch uncensored Yu-Gi-Oh! in English dub?
How many episodes of Naruto shippuden have been dubbed
Why Kaidou cant die?
Is Alluka a biological offspring of the Zoldyks?
How does Hitagi fall if she's weightless?
Where can I buy a one-shot manga called 'Prisoner' (written in Katakana)?
Why was Misaka Mikoto chosen as the candidate for the Sister's project when she was just a normal child when they asked for her DNA map?
In "Hunter x Hunter" (2011), does Gyro appear and reborn to a chimera ant?
Why there seems to be so few members of Passione?
What song is playing in Boku no Hero Academia season 2 episode 25?
Why isn't Raku Ichijou's mother's face never revealed in the manga?
At the end of "Kamisama no Iutoori 2", does Ushimitsu has to imagine every person to fulfill his desire?
what's the origin of the "accidental boob grab" trope?
Why didn’t Lelouch use Geass on himself sooner?
Why did the Leaf Village invite the Village Hidden by Sound for the Chunin exams?
What is the song that plays at 23:00 of The Ancient Magus' Bride OVA episode 3?
Naruto correct order of manga series
In Sword Art Online, why do Kirito and Asuna never refer to each other as boyfriend and girlfriend?
Is there nudity in any of the Mobile Suit Gundam series?
What song is playing in DBS episode 130 at 4:22? (UI Goku vs Jiren)
World Map of Naruto Universe
If someone surgically replaced their eyes with Scarlet Eyes, would they get the same specialisation power like Kurapika?
What is the weird hand gesture that Kazuma does in season 2 episode 3?
What character is this man with a gigantic, red-white-black, mace-like weapon cosplaying as in Hyper Japan?
Why does Grisha Yeager have to love someone?
Would Mineta stop producing the purple balls if Eraser Head used his quirk?
What's the fourth application of Calcium Carbonate according to Senku ishigame?
Which race is Tilarna Exedilica?
Can Hajime Nagumo eat monsters because he drank the sacred water?
Why is this guy handcuffed censored?
Why the "½" in the title of "Ranma ½"?
In Sword Art Online, why does Suguha practice only one Kendo move?
Why adventurers go to the dungeon to fight?
How many floors does the dungeon have?
Who created the dungeon?
Once a floor boss is killed, does that level become bossless or does another boss appear with time?
Why do the top 10 heroes in Boku no Hero Academia only come from Japan?
Why can't Mirajane use magic for long periods of time?
How did Yui learn Classical Chinese?
Why are most mainstream comic books about superheroes while mainstream manga covers multiple genres?
Subjects of Ymir and pure titans
the sharigan question about the fading sharingans and the ones that remain
Is Komachi equally cynical as her own brother?
Why did Itachi say that he needs to get someone's MS to get EMS while Sasuke only had a normal Sharingan?
What is the song playing in My Hero Academia season 2 episode 13 at 6:05?
Which adventurer has the highest level?
Why Tsukasa didnt kill Senku and his friends in episode 3?
What was the result of Sanji's battle in episode 794? (spoilers)
Do cell phones and email exist in Gankutsuou?
Was the main protagonist Shin in the manga Kingdom a real historical figure?
How does Machvise even hit anyone?
Is there a difference between the powers of magicians who can control fire like Stiyl Magnus and esper who does like Okahara Ryouta?
What is the first harem anime or manga?
In Yaiba, why does Nezuko still have a "muzzle"?
What's the song playing in HxH: The Last Mission when Kurapika fights?
Why does Zouken need both Illya and Sakura?
Do events of Toaru Kagaku no Akuserarēta count as canon in the Toaru Majutsu no Index universe?
Why if accelerator is so above other level 5 espers he isnt count as level 6 already?
Why Touma is considered only a level 0 esper when he's clearly so powerful and was able to defeat the most powerful level 5 esper?
Are Touma's parents ever revealed?
Floor boss on level 18
Are Shinra Shakaki's Parents Ever Revealed?
How/Why did Mai from the future Trunks, in Dragon Ball Super get young?
What is the name of the OST playing at 18:40 in Shingeki no Kyojin Episode 16?
Would it be possible for this Titan Shifter to survive from decapitation?
Is it known if in Overlord the action is set in a "real world" or in a "game world"?
In which place of the timeline of Toaru Majutsu no Index series does the Toaru Kagaku No Railgun series happen?
Why does Stiyl Magnus have a bar code-like tatoo behind his eye?
Which esper level is Shirai Kuroko, the girl who can teleport?
Does Adolf Hitler have a counterpart in Fullmetal Alchemist 2003's Amestris?
Why is there a soup ladle in the mortuary in Jojo Episode 38?
The instrumental version of this Hunter x Hunter song?
What is the continuation after the last episode of Naruto Shippuden?
Background song for No. 17 in DBS
Why nuns, bishops and catholics have magic powers in A Certain Magical Index?
Is there a relation between Shigaraki's power and how many hands does it have in his body?
Why did Tsukasa say that if he and Senku would have met 3700 years ago they would be friends?
What is the song played in episode 114 at 8:00
Are Japanese Students really not allowed jobs whiles in schools?
What was the last-starting TV anime to be fully produced using physical cels?
Love Live: Yon, nana, kyuu, and not shi, shichi, ku? (Counting from 1 to 9)
Is Jolyne in the SBR universe, if so before or after part 8
In episode 46 of Dragon Ball Super, why are destroyers 1, 5 and 8 still there?
What is a good way to protect manga from yellowing in an open bookself besides book covers/comic book bags?
Did the original Bem have a manga that was based on?
What animals are based of the tailed beasts?
Why did Bisky ask Killua to leave Gon?
Why Senku and Taiju revived from petrification when everybody else needed Senku's formula to revive?
What actually happen with Diavolo?
How did Akemi knew that Shiho will visit that house and find the cassettes?
What is the update status of "The Legendary Moonlight Sculptor" webtoon in 2019?
Can kamui be used inside kamui timespace?
What’s the song playing in episode 320 when Nozomi gets up from the bed in bleach and orihime says “Nozomi Chan”
Escanor not using "The One" mode?
Timeline of Dragonball Super Broly Movie
What would Light Turner's "Conditional" Entry in the Death Note actually do with the canon rules
who, or what, is Gal?
Why is Monokuma's English voice used in the videogame very different from his English voice used in the anime?
Why didn’t Rem die when she killed the criminal to save misa when she was in higuchi’s car?
Why does Accelerator need a necklace to use his powers?
What song is this in Code Geass R2 episode 17 at 3:11?
Why does the knight leader have the power level of a saint?
Which version of A certain magical index is more expanded, the manga or the light novels?
What's the thing like a giant spiral stone in the Evangelion 3.0's scenery?
Can Accelerator be killed by a nuclear weapon?
What is the song that plays in My Hero Academia in Season 3 Episode 61 at 5:30
How does Kenshiro gets his shirts back in the manga?
Why didn't Giorno heal Polnareff's body and restore his soul to the body?
What's the difference between Telesma and Mana?
Why are level 0 espers considered espers if they have no powers at all?
What is the Music that plays when Frieza Powered up to 100%?
Why did Accelerator turn into an angel?
How powerful is the piercing feature of Misaka Mikoto's railgun esper power?
Which is the esper level of Kiyama Harumi when she uses Multi-Skill?
Why didn't Killua use Nanika in the Chimera Ant arc?
shisui the teleport age recieved jonin rank
Is the One Piece Stampede Movie going to be released in US theaters?
What does Alucard's hand symbol mean?
What is levia’s Element?
Has Bang ever used the abandonment in the anime?
How could Armored Gorilla beat Marshall Gorilla?
If Tobi could use the izanagi, which requires both Senju and Uchiha DNA, then why wasn’t he able to awaken the Rinnegan on his own?
Can Capacity Down disrupt Accelerator's esper powers?
Why is there a curfew for students in Academy City?
If Itachi used Izanagi, how does his Mangekyou Sharingan work?
Why does Shiori Momono keep looking at Kakeru Satsuki in the 11eyes Anime?
Calm music played after pain destroyed leaf village
Why did the esper children attack Tetsuo with the toys?
Why was Railgun chosen for the Sisters project and not Kakine Teitoku?
Why the sisters dont have the same power than Railgun if they have exactly the same DNA?
What is Sasuke wearing around his legs?
Which are the five manga series that are based off the Toaru Majutsu no Index franchise?
Will memory transfer work on Luca Esposito?
Which song plays in Parasyte the maxim Episode 1 "Metamorphosis" at 9:52
Does Evil Natural Water distinguishes between enemies and allies?
What happened to the Goblin army summoned by Enri using her last horn?
Will Philly the Kid die when he'll have no more skin to be tattooed?
Is there an episode of A Certain Scientific Railgun which is identical to an episode of A Certain Magical Index?
How many abilities does Misaka have derived from her electricity powers?
Why did Itachi want Sasuke's eyes
Which chapter depicts Doraemon and Nobita on Easter Island?
In which Kitaro manga does he visit Easter Island?
Where can I acquire a specific copy of Let's Go!! Love Summer?
Where can I find a copy of Shunichi Muraso's 'Mystery of Easter Island'?
Who animated which transformation sequence in Symphogear XV?
Where can I acquire a copy of this Doraemon manga?
Easter Island (or the moai/ statues of Easter Island) in manga and anime
Can the sisters fire projectiles like Railgun?
What devil fruits and their users that are able to fly?
What are the objects that eat Devil Fruits?
Did Kakashi use genjutsu before the end of the Fourth Shinobi War?
What happened to Xíng Hài?
Why didn't Bell level up?
Is Yichang Shengwu Jianwen Lu anime?
Why did Amane Suzuha have to plead to Okabe for saving Makise Kurisu instead of her doing it by herself?
First Kimono Haruhi Suzumiya in Endless Eight first summer
If the dragon balls in DBGT were those made by Dende, how could a shadow dragon be born in them after Oolong wished for an underwear in DB?
What’s the song playing in the background during Todoroki’s flashback of his fight against Izuku in season 3 episode 1 of My Hero Academia?
Can Blast shoot lasers from his eyes?
How works the eleventh water breathing technique?
Code Geass - What is the song playing in Episode 1: The Day a New Demon was Born
Naruto, trying to find the order to watch it
The episode when Sakura fought a burned child ghost
Why couldn't Bell "save" Artemis at the end of the movie?
What's the name of the song that is played at exactly 3:38 of Hunter X Hunter episode 123?
What's the name of the song that plays on Naruto episode 172 at 7:28?
I want to find a anime
Where and how was Diavolo hiding where he was after the body swaps of Silver Chariot Requiem?
Looking for a manga
Why do people hate Kirito from Sword Art Online?
Do Mob and Saitama live in the same universe?
Oldest instance of Hanahaki Disease?
What are the races in One Piece?
Why did Hajime Nagumo entered a second Labyrinth?
How old is Kei Matoba?
In the opening song, who is Rimuru fighting in the town?
What are the New Initial D the Movies - Legends?
Hellsing unlimated
What is the background song on Naruto Shippuden episode 333 at around 18:30?
In Law vs Doflamingo, why didn't Law swap Doflamingo's soul?
Is Onani Master Kurosawa manga good?
Why did Apollo want Bell Cranel for his familia?
Are Tsunade and Minato related? Is Lady Hokage Tsunade Naruto's aunt?
Is it possible for a Demon to use a breathing style technique?
Does Minato Namikaze want to do everything on his own?
Does anyone know what anime this YouTube clip is from?
What happens when an esper reachs level 6?
What kind of eye does Kirara have in Boruto?
Where does MyAnimeList get their data from?
I looking for a old yokai manga
Why is DanMachi manga slower than Anime?
