How to read an RFID reader?
Alternative to delay function
Multiple If statements
How do you write to a free location on an external EEPROM?
Arduino with 12 bit DAC (MCP4725) Not Working
error: expected primary-expression before ',' token
Can I run ESP8266 via Arduino using the PWM pins?
Arduino Interface with Serial device and LCD display
How does this code move the bird sprite in this sketch?
Arduno Uno voltage in via VIN pin or DC power?
Why does my analogRead work on Teensy but not Arduino Uno?
Stuck on upload
Serial print and sensor readings halts
Algorithms to reduce measurement error from analogue sensors
Can I reuse crystal frequency of Arduino?
Arduino constant clock output
GSM GPRS module not getting any output from Rx , Tx
Can't figure out how to send Motor Values over Bluetooth, Arduino Bluetooth-controller robot
Can Arduino libraries be compiled for ARM MCU's?
Arduino Uno R3 board dead
Separate Timer Instance
using more than 8 temperature probe of DS18B20 on Arduino
Sending Something to Serial and Writing it Returns a Correlated but Strange Number
Safely enabling voltage divider on a 12V battery
Get 25 kHz PWM on a 16 MHz Arduino
Can I connect an output pin to an input pin to measure it's voltage on a single board?
How to change the usb name of Atmel 32u4?
Program an ATMega328P and use it without Arduino board
two 7HC595 and only 12 outputs
Is it possible to create an interface between Teensy 3.2 and a DSP?
Arduino snake on 5110 screen - some help needed
How to read RC receiver channels without using pulsein() command with arduino
NRF24L01+ how much supply ripple is acceptable?
How to select a 0.1" header in Fritzing
Help making LEDs blink like blinkers in a car
Problems with Arduino BT
Reading Arduino serial stream in Java using jSerialComm
VC0706 card failed, or not present
Driving multiple LED arrays with shift registers
How come the console prints error `avrdude: usbdev_open(): did not find any USB device "usb"`?
How to read 6 RC remote channels using Attachinterupt for every channel
How to cast float into four bytes?
How can program/arduino restarted by IDE?
Servos and ultrasonic at the same time
Can i run brushless ESC from any digital pin of arduino
How to connect Arduino device to Linux?
Concatenate string constants
Doesn't Arduino reports DSR (Data Set Ready) correctly?
How to apply a programme to all values in a list simultaneously
Powering multiple servos on external battery
What type of sensor could I use to determine the mass of a small object (under 1 kg)?
NeoPixel Ring Usage Without Arduino
BH1750 Light sensor always giving output as 54612lx
Pro Micro and LilyPad USB
Arduino with seven segment
Parallel servo control?
Most efficient way to store number in EEPROM?
4 Digit, 7 Segment Display Wiring (14 pin)
using seek() in Arduino to go to the end of a variable-sized file
Modify SSID and Passwords in WiFi sktechs
Why does a light bulb activate an infrared sensor? Is there a way I can filter this out?
Possible configure ESP8266 as wifi shield for Arduino?
Why does the PIN 13 LED of Uno R3 blink every time I upload some code?
Servo problem when use gps with softwareserial
LED matrix appears dead
Connect arduino to beaglebone black
Detect USB activity from a host
Why cannot I input arrays as digitalWrite arguments?
Is there a good XMPP (Jabber) library for Arduino?
Power Supply for 30 Servos
Execute Code While Refreshing a 7 Segment LED Display
cannot read from softwareserial
Arduino Mega 2560 bootloader delay
Sainsmart Omron 12V optocoupled 2 channel relay problem
Where can I storage a local database?
LEDs: difference between common anode and common cathode?
Ping sensor with three or four pins?
What components I need for a small GPS tracker
Send numbers bigger than 256 by SPI
pySerial and serial.serialutil.SerialException: device reports readiness to read but returned no data (device disconnected?)
Help with button library, hold>2s doA else doB
Arduino: Error: 'PubNub' was not declared in this scope
GSM Modem Connection Directly to Rx and Tx
ESP8266 stops responding when isolated relay is connected to AC tubelight
How to wait Arduino ready with ANY method?
Where do I get motion detector for ardruino that can actually be installed in ceiling?
Arduino Bluetooth Range Control
Sending AT commands to a gprs shield using serial port
How can I send a number from a master and make the slave read it?
Arduino Processing client fails to upload file to PHP server
Processing printing sensor readings and raising NaN exception at the same time
Is my leonardo broken? Is there a way to make it work?
Lego Technic Servo Motor - 9V PWM
Need to power Arduino Mega 2560 with 3.3V
Why doesn't PWM work on arduino in this code?
Problem in receieving message
The Time are functions do not work correctly when the processor clock speed is set at 128K
Esp8266 V12 Wiring
Switch MPU6050 to send SCL data through A4 and SDA through A5
Choosing Right Power Supply for Arduino - ESP8266 - HC-SR04
Can one supply an Arduino Zero's VIN pin with 5v?
What wrong with that code?
Read sensor and convert reading to const char*
Advanced Line Follower robot
Is it possible to specify a pin upon which the data sent over i2c can act?
Difference in bootloader of ATmega with 16MHz external crystal and 8MHz external crystal
Problem activating HC-05 AT command mode with Arduino Uno Bluetooth shield
Problems connecting reliably using HC-05 (as bluetooth master)
How to use serial.read a sentences and serial.print after that enter to new line
Arduino DUE Bossac Lockup after Ubuntu Upgrade
How can I enable the security bit of a teensy board?
Communicating Arduino with Intel Galileo
Relay module and internal pull-up resistors
Help with arduino car project
Raspberry Pi, Teensy and Arduino's on i2c
A whole basic game project Arduino
How to program an offbrand arduino uno?
How to Store the Value of A Sr04 Ultrasonic distance sensor (ping)?
Loop completion and resetting
Change UART pin
What's the difference between pow and sqrt in this code?
USB detect on Arduino DUE
Help choosing servo motor for Arduino crane
Arduino IDE says fcould not convert 'pinMode(buttons[((inti)], 0u)' from 'void' to 'bool'. How do I fix
Issue with leOS2 for one-time tasks
Error while compiling
Using random() in a header file
Unable to tell if error is from receiving or transmitting end
Reasons why it is not OK to connect a relay directly from an Arduino digital pin
Code for password-activated LED via Bluetooth serial
Passing a static array to a function
LED cube and 200 mA limitation
Suggest some highly sensitive temperature sensor
Powering Arduino with 110v and controlling relay
Arduino WIFI compiler error
Can I place bootloader directly onto Atmega2560 and have USB?
Help choosing an ESC for a 500W/60V motor
Arduino Pro Mini lower BOD problem
Shift register 1's and 0's array to 4 int's function not working
Arduino Uno "MEM CHECK FAIL" error
Keyboard.print() skips keys
I2C_Anything String / Char Array issues
SD card fails to initialize
Does Arduino.cc sell the Ethernet Shield?
Split arduino run mode depending on active USB connection
What is the best Arduino board for a Quadcopter with camera and Wifi?
Using digital weighing scales with INA125p
Multiple sensor connection help
Why can't I use an optocoupler to drive an AC circuit using the arduino digital pins?
Trouble with sleep mode and interrupts
Multiple shift registers, 16 bit numbers
ESP8266 returns whatever is sent through Arduino serial
Trying to understand Arduino products
How to Create a water screen with solenoid valve in arduino
LM35 at higher temperatures
Arduino Uno + 12 relays
Best way to make an Arduino switch 8 12V LED's
less expensive alternative arduino board to CMUcam4
Problem with structs and pointers(?) - Mega with QueueArray
Arduino Uno and I2C
SoftwareSerial with ESP8266
Arduino Wire.onReceive(handler)
How to add more inputs on Arduino?
DC motor kickback diode?
How to use Infra Red (IR) to reset arduino board
Verifying the timing between relay activations
Just got aurdino uno what should I do
Using TMRpcm library, the audio does not play
Compilling error not highlighting line in code
Arduino communicate between 2 different router in different location
Sketch upload freezes during write
Data exchange through USB Host Shield
Using 2 RGB lights over Bluetooth with a DigiSpark
How do I know which is ground and power in Piezo?
Open the Uart0 Serial Port on Intel Edison
esp8266 garbage out only when using SoftwareSerial
Problem with connecting ESP8266 to arduino
Extracting high and low bytes from long
RFduino and HC-05
Capacitive sensor MPR121 on Arduino Uno—how many will work?
433Mhz transmitter interference when using long cable, only on Arduino Due
How to read the serial data from a ATMEGA8 on a PC using Arduino?
pushing accelerometer data in packets from an arduino due to the pc and unto processing
Debouncing a limit switch in Arduino ISR with delays
Requesting references for learning about the upload process
Math with analog input values coming out wrong
atmega328 raspberry pi 2 communication
Dimming 6W (24V DC 0.25A) LEDs using Arduino
How to access parse cloud functions using arduino?
Arduino Uno + Adafruit Ultimate GPS Shield Serial issue
Are DAC pins useful for anything besides working with audio?
How to put arduino in sleep mode?
Cast from long to int
Arduino port recognition
Humidity values returned by DHT22 sensors failing after some time
Accuracy of liquid level measurement using sonar sensor
what is the fastest shield to add to the sparkfun v3.2 Arduino Uno that will enable me to playback and record hour of short audio dictation
Can BUS Shield on Arduino Leonardo - Can't init CAN
Intercept Data being sent to XBee Module via UNO
How to switch program in arduino using android app?
Can anyone explain how this code can be converted to work on a Arduino Uno
Arduino keypad matrix example? ( teensyduino )
Sending data from Arduino to the server where arduino (sketch) acts as a client
Is there a way to use functions defined in a library in any class?
What is the purpose of the howMany integer in the wire.onReceive() function from the example code?
H-Bridge L298N motor driver
Relay doing opposite to digital pin
Altering code to run a timer while checking for a data input
Problem assign float to an embed class within the Linked-list libary
Formatting and code errors?
How can I connect more sensors when my lcd is blocking pin access?
How to resolve my Timer Interrupt issue
Interfacing ADS8319 with Arduino UNO
How is AVR Assembly in Eclipse or at Linux command line done?
TMP36 probe reading 0 on analog
Linear actuator jitters/vibrates when getting PWM from Arduino Mega 2560 through JKR 21v3 motor controller
Detect if a chair is occupied using Arduino with some sensors
Gain on a receiver
GPS coordinates
Read function in Software Serial
Plotting a real time graph of sensor data from Arduino on Processing, MatLab or Python
Errors when deploying Simulink model to Arduino Due
How to extract number from a string?
Why can't I print this text to LCD?
How much voltage/current do I need for multiple chips?
Synchronization and Implementing hamming code on Software Serial
Please explain this OneWire communication with Arduino Uno and DS2502-E48
Using L298N to control DC Motor
C++ Namespace/scope problem when trying to attach arduino interrupt
Comunication between Android and Arduino
Adding more storage to microprocessor 3.3v trinket
Particle-like wifi configuration
Can I access individual pixels on my 16x2 LCD display
Teensy and MS5803 sensor
Connecting two arduinos using WiFi
Arduino Mega, Ubuntu, Time.h: No such file or directory
What is the best arduino board for a robotic arm?
Playing Melody with Tone() without using delay()
arduino serial comminucation
Any way to pass EthernetClient to function outside of loop automatically?
Create a device to detect object state
PC <-> Xbee <-> Another Xbee Communication
How can i change "+" sign into spaces?
Why does Arduino Due Native Port change serial ports after every reset? (Linux)
Will there be any pin interference in this Project?
Should long wires be kept separated from each other, to reduce interference?
Broken Score on Game Sketch
What could make an LCD stop working permanently after being connected for 5 seconds to Arduino?
Arduino number detection
Ultrasonic sensor returns random values on external power supply
Chat between Xbee and Arduino
Where do avrdude parameters get defined in the Arduino IDE?
Understanding values from an MPU6050
I have two 6 volts DC motors connected to L298N motor Driver. Do I need to use 12 Volts battery?
Arduino Temperature sensor with a LED
Arduino + TMP36 + DC Motor
Efficiently using a serial inteface
Serial communication between Computer & Arduino via XBee
Create mobile 3g wifi router
Using / calibrating pH sensor module
How to simulate delay() to debounce mechanical button using millis()?
Using Johnny-five API with RFID Controller Shield
Pro Micro Voltage regulator burned
Arduino Mega 2560 multiple slave via SPI
How to add new pins in the Arduino Due
Arduino sending keystrokes via push-buttons. Proper bouncing and manually setting buttons?
Timer interrupt won't work if the ISR is not set
Horse racing game
Circuit doesn't work when multimeter/current meter is attached
Arduino UNO with Sparkfun MP3 Trigger
Regulation of the temperature using PID
Arduino W5100 AVR
graph of a function Arduino
Alternative to patching core library source and header files
MPU6050, Bluetooth — FIFO Overflow and Breakdown
Why is my TMP35 giving me weird values?
Creating a timer using a Real Time Clock with start and stop times
Can anyone tell me about the onboard accelerometer of LightBlue Bean?
Using Analog Comparator on ATmega32u4
Question about include statements and details in Arduino.h file from core library
Graph plotting on Processing from Arduino sensor data
Graph plotting on Python using Tkinter Canvas
Johnny Five LCD: black boxes only
avrdude: ser_open(): can't open device "\\.\COM4": Access denied
I2C — set int pin
How to use Due PB0-PB7 pins as an external interrupt
How to build a high-frequency (>20kHz) driver for LEDs?
Having problems with HC-05 and three relays
Error in sending AT commands in esp8266 connecting to arduino IDE
Error in my Arduino code " error: expected unqualified-id before ‘if’ "
I2C send and read 2 bytes many slave
IR receiver transmitter High frequency
Using Arduino UNO as FTDI programmer for 9DOF Razor IMU
Timer (or other) interrupt happens while servicing an interrupt - how to accurately handle the second one?
How can I have two Arduino Uno's communicate wirelessly?
Need help converting a processing sketch for a robot arm with servo shield
Arduino Orion Upload - Which Board When Compiling
Prevent reiteration of loop instruction in Arduino/Execute instruction via off switch
Hardware serial not working, SoftwareSerial is
Sending serial data to Arduino from Matlab(not using support package)
Why serial communication does not work on atmega168/328p?
Controlling Servo Motors with push button. Problem though
Computer to multiple arduino bluetooth modules
Connect HX711 to a three wire load cell
Burning arduino generate hex file to blank atmel chip
How to measure relay current draw from Arduino
Why were Atmel MCUs used for Arduino?
Arduino UNO, using 5V and 3.3V
Can't get Ubuntu to see FTDI cable for breadboarding Arduino project
creating array using string name
Uploading sketch to ESP8266
Matlab too many input arguments using csvread
Getting a binary string and convert it to decimal
Arduino Leonardo bugs and lack of removable microcontroller
Turning on led every half hour
what is the difference between providing 7 volts or 12 volts to arduino uno?
Why atmega168/328p starts to reset?
Algorithm to detect motion using ultrasonic sensor
Using GPS Module ET314AC With arduino Mega
Arduino Nano v3.0 with ESP8266
Battery Solution for ESP8266 and HC-SR04
Using a library of sleeping with a combination of the WD and a physical INTERRUPT
Unsure how to connect the anode in this circuit
Using 5V arduino with 12v solenoid lock
What's Happened with my Arduino?
Arduino ethernet shield not responding to every request because it is busy
Counting minutes in arduino
loading hex code for sd card
arduino PWM temperature inexpected results
Find which WiFi device quiries a network?
Arduino Mega failure after first use of Mega Shield power connector
Stop Arduino from powering LED strip when connected to USB
How to read a higher voltage digital input?
Get csv field values
Occasional incorrect time returned by NTP
Help to decode xbee S2 API packet
Is it possible to run emulator from IC? and how?
Why won't the slide switches control the motor in this 123d simulation?
The difference between "time_t" and "DateTime"
Interfacing Arduino UNO with TFT LCD and WiFi Shield
Instead of 1 and 0, make display say On or Off
HX711 Load Cell application strange behaviour
RS-232 is a protocol or a cable?
Arduino Due uploading error using Eclipse plugin "avrdude: stk500_recv(): programmer is not responding"
Matlab and Arduino Serial communication
Read Voltage at PWM off time, and Current at PWM on time
In what situation would the Vin pin be attached to any of the I/O pins?
ESP 8266 does not respond at all
Uno pin 13 LED mysteriously always ON at 0.14V unless pinMode OUTPUT
Understanding transistor datasheets
SIM900 Modem is not responding
Assemble or typecast byte array to float
How to destroy my Arduino with I/O pins?
Giving the impression of a dying device - making a vibrating motor slow down and stop
How to send volume +/- on Mac/OSX from Leonardo
Is it possible for Arduino to send a message to the internet without using a GSM shield?
ISR not working as it is supposed to
Modbus Communication protocol for Arduino as Slave
Python script to toggle LED's
How to change SIM908 GPS location coordinates format?
LCD Pin Numbering vs I2C Controller Pin Numbering vs Sketch
Arduino Part Needs Identified
How to connect MCP4141 digipot and a data logger shield to the same Arduino board
Diode lights generate false interruptions
Problem with for loop
A question about Continuous Rotation Servo and Arduino
avrdude: stk500_getsync() attempt 10 of 10: not in sync: resp=0x00
433MHz sending not receiving
Can I safely integrate 3,3v sensor with 5v Arduino UNO? How?
sending ctrl-z in a struct?
Mpr121 multiple using breakout
Brushless motor "jiggles"
Can't read from DHT sensor when motor is running
ATTiny 85 analog input pin number problem
Connect Antenna to GPS Module ET314AC
Communication between two arduinos over wifi esp8266
Arduino Bootloader availability
avrdude: verification error, first mismatch at byte 0x0000 : 0x00 != 0x16 using USBasp
Mac Arduino IDE Connection to Min Seg (Mega 2560). No tty
How to display variables on 0.96" OLED with u8glib library?
Making Laser Tripwire with Phone Messaging
Any way to use F macro with a passed variable?
Arduino Micro tone() PWM Pins
How to send and receive hex or binary numbers via BLE UART?
Two commands in Void loop?
8x8 solenoid matrix
uint8_t * to integer and string
Communication via IP adress with Arduino IDE and ESP8266
How do I connect this string of LEDs to my Arduino Uno?
Arduino IDE, Underlying Code and Libraries
Flexibility of SoftPot Membrane Potentiometer during the use?
Is it possible to package a sketch with dependent libraries for cross-platform compatibility?
How do I create a 9 bit number based on values from 9 digital inputs?
ESP8266 & websockets
Pic16f84a delay 250 second
Power maximum output power for each pin
I2C between Arduinos without Master
How does the speed work in VirtualWire Library
Arduino nano (clone) with ethernet shield only works when I open up serial monitor
How to choose SPI type used by RF24 library from application?
How do I resolve "avrdude: stk500_recv(): programmer is not responding"?
How to use a microSD card reader with SCK instead of CLK?
Popen command restarts arduino
How can i connect the Mics-5132 to Arduino Uno (Carbon Monoxide Sensor)
Drawing amperage with Arduino code
is it possible to convert a 328 design to use a 32U4?
Why are Arduino clones cheap?
How to get constant readings from hall effect sensor
Is it possible to make a mathematical function generator using Arduino?
Unstable reading from Raspberry Pi
Serial Communication Problem Using Eclipse
Ideal settings for regulated power using Arduino Uno VIN?
LED Control through bluetooth
How to transmit more than 1 byte continually?
Unable to upload sketch on Mac OSX El Capitan
Reading from ps2 barcode scanner
Problem with analog pins' name when trying to connect Arduino board and Processing
How to know if arduino activated its short breaker?
Reading Reveive Hold Register from USART in SPI Mode on Arduino Due
Here is my code and i keep getting this error expected primary-expression before'}' token
How to connect Arduino and Beaglebone
error with avrdude command line using arduino as isp (i think)
Not sure if logic analyzer shows an error or perhaps just a 'relay bounce'
Connect Digital monitor to Arduino?
On the Uno, why does VIN require 7-12 volts and the USB only 5 volts?
Powering an Arduino UNO through 5V
Interrupt on Analog Port - ESP8266 w/ Arduino
Suggest me some good seller for Arduino UNO
Phasing a Stepper Motor Control Project Problem
How can I see the mySerial.print( ) through the serialmonitor on IDE?
PWM help (input changing duty cycle)
Arduino : distance measurement between fixed points
Simple Arduino Bluetooth Shield Android Display
Using Arduino for simultaneous lighting effects
How do I set a constant in setup() that I can use in loop()?
Convert INT to Array of Strings
Arduino sketch does not repeat
Including Class with .h and .cpp files
How to make data sent by Python (via serial connection) wait for Arduino to finish current task?
How to flash the "atmega328" with AVRDUDE?
Building an adjustable low frequency PWM controller with Arduino
Arduino and WS2812 RGB LED Strip "freezing"
Yun availability
Identifying Arduino-compatible board signatures in code
Why does an LED sometimes flash when increasing brightness?
Newbie - What is the Difference Between Power Supply's GND and Arduino's GND?
Library to correct time for DST
Why can't I include a library in another one?
Arduino graphic interface
Arduino due dying after connection, gets hot
OOP vs Inline with Arduino
5v to 4.3v Regulator - For SIM800 module
Serial interface
Addressing contents of array using incrementing variable
Arduino Uno cannot upload any sketch: avrdude: stk500_recv(): programmer is not responding
Help putting an Arduino project on the Internet
Speed of built in DAC/ADC in Arduino Due
One workspace, two IDEs - Possible?
Arduino using LCD
Sending and receiving custom messages with Ardulink
Using embedXcode with Adafruit Trinket
Controlling DC motor from Android device
Update Dynamically Tkinter Widget Scale from Arduino Ports using python and firmata
Simple URL decoding
ATmega 8 wrong timing with Arduino NG bootloader
Flexiforce to Uno to Keyboard. Working but not as inteded
Weird problem with LCD 16*02 I2C shield
When it says the Uno has logic level at 5 V is that also true of a bareduino/breadboard Arduino?
What killed it? Arduino in resin
Noob coding - don't know what's going wrong - controlling relays with IR and button
Modifying Arduino IMU library to rely on DSSCircuit's I2C Master Library
Arduino read from Server periodically
Need Basic Help with Software Serial
SRF-02 UART, transmitting from one address to another
Are there ultrasonic transducers which are able to produce a "chirp" sound wave?
"Sharing" used GPIO pins
Updating the ARDuino code over GPRS
Emulate RFID Tag
Any way to include the text of a file inside a sketch, to make it shorter and neater?
How to use FTDI to program Lilypad Arduino?
Share data between the two processors of the Arduino Yun
Using BLE Nano with LSM9DS1
Run code via NRF24L01+ command "dynamically"?
Multiple servos noise
RFduino communication capabilities
Cloud function getting stopped Parse.com in loop when calling from Arduino-yun
HDMI EDID emulator
Event driven programming
TCP connection CPU usage, multiple signals?
sending multiple signals at the same time, with short delay
I want to move the mouse pointer with an Arduino and ultrasonic sensor
How does one write Jacobian algorithms using Arduino IDE?
UART Software Serial - Syncing two different sensors with start and stop bytes
Synchronizing two sensors on uart, make one receiver and one transmitter
Problem in Uploading a Bootloader to Atmega8A
Problem up loading to board
Arduino outputs garbage values on serial monitor with ESP8266
Is it possible to simulate PWM using delay() function?
How to confirm a pin is fried
How to check if a pin is set from bank?
Is there any way to flash sketches using custom firmware?
Is there something I can use to control Arduinos easily over Ethernet with .NET?
Interface pressure Sensor
Array of strings - how to determine the number of elements present
Sending data over TCP connection in one piece
Updated Arduino IDE and Arduino not working
Documentation for creating a Board Manager profile for the Arduino IDE
Best practise when dynamically updating sketch
Windows 10 problem installing driver
I don't have "Process" header
Problems with Draw Loop using u8glib
Multiple RGB LEDs
Error opening serial port 'COM1'. (Port busy)
How does this eBay relay board connect to the Arduino
Using ATtiny85, NRF24L01+, DHT2: can't get data from DHT22
Does ATmega328 on Uno need to be burned?
Configuring IO18, IO19 for I2C connectivity on Intel Edison Kit for Arduino
Arduino Uno - Firmata/Serial Communication in Visual Studio C++
avrdude: stk500_rcv :programmer is not responding
Simple Speed question - Mapping PWM values
Peer to peer communication
Generating a 38 KHz signal without timers
Read RC receiver channels using Interrupt instead of PulseIn
LM35 and Character LCD
Arduino Simple Task - sweeping a buzzer and led, not working as expected
Unable to read any SMS's other than the first SMS using SIM908 shield
Better way than exit(0)?
Arduino Nano - programmer is not responding
Arduino with DS18b20 and ENC28J60 to thingspeak
Difference between simple wifi transceiver and arduino yun
Problems stopping an if loop, and starting it as well
How to get started?
Unsure about how the code works for this Make-It Robotics kit
What is the Arduino Uno default sketch?
are 3 connections necessary for a push button?
How do I control 4 LEDs with 2 Digital Outputs?
UART Software Serial - Syncing two sensors to make a tx and rx beacon
Arduino power sources
Suggestions for latest ESP8266 WiFi module
Cameras modules for my project
Atmega328P burn bootloader with FTDI
Why LED light delay is 5 second in arduino?
How can I power an Arduino in a 3-phase environment?
How can I program RFduinos and how can I connect them with Bluetooth?
Why does my Arduino keep waking up?
Arduino IDE Visual Studio and compile problems blank project .ino hack
Connecting via serial with Arduino comand line
Using arduino shield seems to break serial.print and uploading new code?
How to install a library for a single project
ATtiny85 + HC-05 + Oled = smart watch
How to program ESP8266 with Arduino Uno pins 0 and 1?
Arduino in-built LED is not turning off
arduino uno external power supply
Arduino Due SPI speed reduction
burn arduino bootloader and compiled sketch at same time
Buying Arduino Parts Different Manufacturers
Cannot control servos through 32-servo-controller on Aurduino Duamilanove
Using 2 PING Senors at Once
Serial: What is different between Gammon's RS485 (blocking) and RS485 "non blocking" libraries?
How many LED Strips can we connect to an Arduino Uno? Is there a way to connect 1-3 meters worth without needing extra parts (relays)?
Using digital pin 11 for DMDCon and IR remote
Sparkfun MicroSD shield cannot open log file
XBEE S1 Wireless Connection
Looking at Adafruit's website I'm confused which wallcharger I should get
Is my Arduino Uno broken?
How can I connect the MP503 to an Arduino Uno (Smoke, Alcohol Sensor)?
Leostick Receiving message from Uno using USB jumpers cables
Newbie and string of 300 WS2811s
Too many Bytes Using Ultrasonic Sensors
Arduino is freezing after 10-15 minutes
I2C connection with MT9D111 camera module, strange results after writing registers via i2C
Arduino RTC - getting the time from RTC after the power is cut off
Issue sharing MISO with multiple RC522 RFID Readers
On Arduino Due webserver, there is a 5 second delay on Windows, only when connected via native port
Teensy MIDI Show Control
Using a class instance with Wire.onReceive
Making Servo Motor Automatically Move Based on Input
Communication between two Bluetooth modules of two Arduinos
multiple connection with ISP Pin at Arduino Micro
How to correctly pack an unsigned long from 3 unsigned chars?
Controlling 2 relays with IR remote, push button and bluetooth - sort of works, need help!
Error in modification on MPU6050_DMP6
Arduino Variable Data Type?
Trouble with Timer 0
Issue in installing Arduino unit library and running with Firmata test application
Arduino Mega, ST7920 using COSA
Arduino Not Working as Intended when using barrel jack
Eclipse add library
Programming addressable LED
Prevent Switch case from not being complete
Reset Arduino Uno R3 from Serial when it freezes (stops looping)?
Can I use 5V 1A Adapter to power Arduino UNO?
ESP 8266 with sdk 1.5
ATtiny85 SPI with Timer 0
Measuring acceleration in g's
How can I use arduino board for AC mains?
Suggest some ways to communicate (Rx and Tx) between Arduino and LabVIEW through Internet
Arduino UNO inconsistent I2C register reading from ArduCam
Best 2a stepper motor driver for Arduino Uno
Multiple rgb control plus calculation help
Interfacing Arduino with matplotlib animation
Read gyro output values with other programming languages
One LED being constant and another blinking
What is better: one sprintf() or multiple strcat() and itoa()?
Flash Arduino Due via UART
Arduino Uno data logger shield recording nonsense time
Accelerometer sensor gy-61 convert to m/s2
Can I work with larger numbers than an unsigned long long in Arduino?
Control the ethernet shield with Chrome and Safari
How to make 2 LEDs flash in a 5/4 Polyrhythm?
Interleave Assembly and Source for avr-objdump
Array of Strings and Callbacks
Trinket: Battery + USB at the same time?
Is there any way I can turn off the 5V pin?
max current while using a shift register
Trinket Pro 5V red light flashing when battery attached
Weird stepper motor behaviour on RAMPS in arduino
ESP8266 and Arduino bidirectional streaming from and to a website
May I use both USB-serial and tx/rx pins at the same time?
How to interface with generic IR RGB LED controller?
Serial Communication, Arduino and Rpi , C library
Migrating from ATMega2560 to ARM based -- Teensy vs Due?
Using more than 8 digits using the sevseg library
Erroneous sensor reading while connecting extra load
Will Intel Atom Processor laptops support cloned a Arduino with CH340 driver?
Relay to Mains lightswitch
Issue with simple project
Looking for help with WiFi modules
Best way to implement score board logic using Arduino and Shift Registers?
Connecting and Programming LinkSprite Camera to Arduino
arduino SD card saving to file
Failing to read from DHT22 when multiple components on breadboard
glediator + PL9823 (WS2812B) + teensy = fail?
Low power + Logging motion detection
Script stops functioning after calling irsend() function in irlibrary!
minIMU 9 and Arduino reading Gyro angle
MG2639 & Arduino Uno not GPS-ing?
Can you connect ACS712 sensor to digital input of Arduino?
Where can I get a high-quality ADC (audio digitizer) for Arduino?
2 way RF with Virtual Wire / 315 / 433 MHz
Supply arduino through Vin pin with a battery
I'd like to make RC car and remote controller via bluetooth (HC06)
What does the 'arduino' avrdude programmer do?
I would like to retrieve data from a MySQL database using PHP using HTTP requests, on my Arduino
IR sensor readings at different voltages
Using a Hot Wheels Radar Gun with FreqPeriod library
connecting RTC DS1307 to ethernet shield
Multithreading with Arduino
What is the minimum wattage of resistors for breadboarding with Arduino Uno?
Taking off the chip from Arduino
Why won't processing not communicate with Arduino uno?
Is a HC-SR04 fast enough to make decisions on moving robot (4 Johnson motors 300 rpm)?
Where is the Aref pin for Attitny88
What is the correct way to wire a piezzo buzzer with a potentiometer and a button?
Sending IR (NEC)-Signals with Arduino
How to read all avaiable data from a Serial stream and then stop
FastLED fade WS2812B
Send AT commands to ESP8266 from Arduino Uno via a SoftwareSerial port
Wire over 1ft does not work with sensors SRF02
MPPT using preassembled 'adjustable' buck/boost IC
How to send unmodulated IR-Signal via cable?
Olimexino 32u4: Wire.endTransmission() hangs
Read serial data from XV11 sensor
Printing Serial Readings for 2+ Parallax Ping Sensors
Reading Analog values of bluetooth module HC 05
Sublime Text Compilation Issue
Send stepper to position and back AccelStepper
The 3.3 volts of the USB To TTL
How to convert frequency into db
SPI Interface between Arduino UNO and EVK1100
What does the bootloader do?
Message received with 1 character less
From Arduino to a miniaturized circuit
Are INTx pins the only ones eligible for Software Serial?
Converting three axis magnetometer to Degrees
Arduino Uno and Raspberry Pi USB Serial Communication
Blink question with breadboard & LED
MQ135 output on Arduino Uno
Extra characters remain in Serial
Arduino IDE fails without sudo
Displaying binary to LEDs
Rotating a motor with L293D
Linking Arduino Nano with ESP8266 Wifi module
How to learn electronics/programming with Arduino?
nRF24L01 Problem
ATTINYx5 usi for uart?
Looking for an existing lightweight RF protocol
ESP8266 Returns 'invalid' - Cause 4
How to prevent inclusion of unnecessary libraries?
Problem in RS485 Communication between Arduino and PC
Convert Long to binary - least signifant bit first
powering RF on GPIO
Is it possible to create a standalone exe which can burn the code into a Teensy 3.1?
Arduino IDE Based Data Logger - Stops Running
Set an arduino software clock
Converting ASCII value to String
Light leds on this board one at a time
TCP or HTTP connection between web server and arduino
Arduino / BitVoicer Sending IR code on loop
Files to YUN flash?
Light up multiple LEDs with standard Arduino Uno
Connect ethernet cable wires directly to pins
port name showing up as gibberish
Arduino countdown timer for repeating actions
Negative voltage output Or Controling negative voltage
Infrared distance sensor picks up distances that are not there
exit(0) function shows up an error
Counting loops or if..else
Seeking help - Using CJMCU 8*8 LED matrix with arduino
What's wrong with my IR sensor
Nokia32/RCMM IR decoding issues
How to properly use volatile variables in Arduino?
Arduino Mega 2560 not showing up in Serial Port in IDE
Adafruit TLC5947 breakout board is not working with my Arduino Uno
DHT11 and DHT22 unused pin
Arduino clone with ch340G and correct w7 x64 driver cannot connect to IDE
A good water flow meter to monitor home usage with Arduino
433mhz range optimization
"No more addresses" when using multiple DS18B20 sensors
powering the arduino uno
XBee + Arduino Problem
None of the programs in Arduino example is compiling
Arduino Nano Atmega328P doesn't work on Macbook
Can I increase the 10 event limit in Simon Monk's Timer library?
Can I run a Mega 2560 on 14v?
Light only half of the LEDs
How to shake hands (Atheros-ATmega comms)
Is there any realy working setup for multicopter with codes
How to connect HC-05 to an arduino Galileo?
Multiple Arduino Uno Slaves
Having issue using Arduino IRQ handler in nRF51822
invalid conversion from 'char' to 'const char*'
How to set address for using more than MPU9250
Can I receive data on the Arduino by sending data to /dev/ttyACM0?
Arduino Mega 2560 ADC sampling instant and other timings
Using a phone battery as a power source possible?
Handling double (8 byte) in Arduino mega 2560?
Arduino Power - DC adapter
How can I attach sensors without a shield for a wearable project?
Const Array still using dynamic RAM during compile, causing failure
How to extract the last byte out of an IP adress
NTP Client Library. Set sync provider pointing to public class function. Possible?
SD print in script works in setup but not loop
how to use the decoded raw value to send IR signal in arduino
problem on implementation of the ultrasonic circuitry
Arduino Christmas light project with dimmer
How to send a group message to multiple receivers using GSM900 and Arduino Mega2560?
How to connect an L293D and an MPU6050 to run together?
Strange problem with serial communication
Reading temp data
Atmel studio 7 with Arduino Uno: Just upgraded to Atmel studio 7 and my target platform is the Arduino Uno
Why is setup() executed twice at runtime?
Using fluctuating voltage as an input
Upload a .hex file, using a standalone ISP, without overwriting bootloader
Can I run a loop in setup()
Different behavior than in simulator: 5V pin works instead of GND. Why is that?
Input clock limit
#define macro not in scope when i try to use IR library
Arduino C, Led > binary alternative all lights
Arduino DC motor causes disturbance. What can cause it?
What is the Mark and Space of Ir remote of Airtel?
Issue with Serial PINs (RX/TX) on Arduino
Flashing dotStar LED
RFID tag "location identification"
Arduino Uno Wire Transmission Issues
Arduino due - Getting 0xFF (garbage) from serial
Use Arduino to transmit signal to a vibrating pager
Marlin Firmware troubles: <time.h> error
How Master and Slave concept works with Bluetooth?
What does "Arduino compatible" mean?
Connecting ESP8266 with Arduino Uno - WiFi shield not present
16 by 8 Keyboard matrix
Ethernet shield reset problems
How to drive a 4bit GLCD?
serialEvents within a class
Does WiFiClient work on a Yún to send data over a certain IP and port to be received by a Python socket?
Bootloader only works once with usb to serial module
How to read temperature from multiple DS18B20 faster?
RGB Led - mixing colors using analogWrite
Working with Seed BLE Shield and Adafruit Feather BLE
Clearing SRAM in loop()
Small, Power-Efficient wireless communication with ATTiny85
Arduino Micro project with Bluetooth low energy
Arduino hangs after less than a minute, but not on USB
Combine bits from two ports into a single byte
Compare const char * to const char
Arduino Nano gives 7V on the 5V PIN!
Serial Communication to Arduino with Node.js
FFT (or similar) library for the Arduino
How to make an SMS notification to my phone with Arduino Uno?
Creating a library for attiny85 out of working program
How to send a pitch bend MIDI message using arcore?
3.95 MCU Friend Arduino TFT LCD flickering
ERROR: Timed out waiting for Arduino 101 - anything I can do?
How to program AVR in Mac OS X?
How do I get the Itead 3G shield to work?
Arduino Servo Free Rotation
Basic C++ programming, how to pass constructor argument into class?
Can I use my phone's charger to connect arduino M0 pro R3 with computer?
Could you tell me what is wrong with this Arduino code?
How to wire an analog IR sensor for digital input?
embedXcode: Link Error using an Arduino library (Servo.h) within a header file
Class is not tracking changes to a private field
avrdude: stk500_recv(): programmer is not responding + avrdude: stk500_getsync() attempt 10 of 10: not in sync: resp=0x47
How do I change the default number of parameters SDI 12?
Arduino not working / not uploading
Where am I supposed to get an I2C BUFFER_LENGTH defined?
Capacitive "keys" press event registration issues
How can I attach I2C sensors on the small board of Intel Edison?
Problem Uploading to arduino uno board
Use Unix terminal instead of the Monitor on Arduino IDE
Help reading a 125khz FSK RFID
Nokia 5110 Screen Pixel by Pixel
RobotLinking 18B20 pinout and circuit board weirdness
What causes a "blip" in LED brightness with sequence of 254, 255, 0, 1 brightness values?
arduino beginner documentation help
Re-use smartphone/tablets parts like a camera
Lightblue Bean BTLE tinkering
What phone carriers are available in the USA that are compatible with a sim900 breakout board
Hardware Interrupt Triggered Randomly
How to Send Live Sensor Data to iOS Custom Apps with BLE
Reading SPI between an MCU and NRF24L01
How can I make Arduino IDE use Atmel's provided toolchain? (Linux/Ubuntu)
Measuring voltage on an analog pin - What do I need to know about amperage?
Teensy 2.0++ SDA SCL pins not accesible using ARDUINO software
Read a String from serial to debug the AT commands sent to my GPS shield
Link to an project for remotely turning off light switch?
Options for measuring position of garage door
Arduino Uno ADC behavior in free running mode
Declaring Variables in a For Loop
Problem with serial driver for CH340G board
detecting presence inside - PIR or ultrasound?
Use of additional i/o ports in Arduino Mega
Python PySerial with Arduino fails byte check
How much power can the Teensy 3.2 deliver to external components?
SIM800 or SIM900 library for Arduino
How to setup Uno + xbee shield 1.1 + wee wifi chip?
Declare for loop as an array of variables
HardwareSerial - check for overflow
Permanent connections with Arduino Due
How do I connect multiple pinhole cameras and take photos and video at the press of a button?
GPS library for Proteus
Arduino Uno - why doesn't memory leak crash the program?
WARNING: Category '' in library *any library* is not valid. Setting to 'Uncategorized'
Can't make Wee serial WiFi work with Arduino Uno
Logging to multiple destinations (serial & SD card)
Could not read ID via SWD with Arduino
Basic usage of Nick Gammon's Regexp library
Can external interrupts be OR'd together on the '328 (Uno)?
How to have precise measurements
MEGA2560 + SIM900A - constantly blinking, not responding
Why is 1020 steps used for crossfading colors on an RGB LED?
AVR - How to know that there is collision between stack and heap or the memory has filled?
What is the proper way to turn an Arduino UNO into an ISP?
What's the difference between ICSP vs ISP?
Does Arduino.cc silkscreen the pin headers? What explains the differences here?
How to build circuit to switch to other power source if primary source dies?
RF24 tranceivers: trouble with two way communication
Arduino ultrasonic distance meter doesn't display correct distance
Programming a USB mouse connected to the Intel Edison Arduino expansion board
I2C LCD displaying weird characters
Observing USB Gamepad with Arduino?
uint8_t etc as color variable
I'm pretty sure I fried my Arduino Uno. Given my setup, what caused it to be fried? (I can't identify the short)
Problems using an arduino with vex motors and motor controller 29
What happens when there's no space left on SD card?
How to hook up an LED strip to an Arduino
How fast is an Arduino?
Generate 2 PWM signals Vc and Vh from Arduino Uno
Suggestions for a program for drawing simple schematics
Arduino Uno R3 (with Atmega 16u2) and MAC OSX 10.11 (El capitan) not working
Interfacing Gammon's RS485 with computer
Decision maker loop problem
Low Cost Motorized Valve
android app to control arduino using usb
Access denied when Uploading
In UART, what mechanism sets the "new data received" flag back to 0?
How does the PID controller actually work?
Audio Visualizer (not working properly)
Can I use a GPS from old Garmin with an Arduino?
Controlling an arduino by html/php
Using Arduino Uno as ISP to program Mega 2560
How to send data from ThingSpeak to ESP-8266 (Arduino) using ThingHTTP?
Sending 5 Led pixel values to arduino , is this a good way?
Arduino Neopixel affecting IR receiver module
Multi-drop RS485 device control v1.0 - why is limit for "TIME_BETWEEN_MESSAGES "?
WiFi repeater using ESP8266
Print string and integer LCD
panstamp device signature is random
>> << and -> Syntax in arduino
Plug/socket between thermocouple wires and the amplifier
Arduino nokia 5110 lcd screen problem
Push-Pull tone code
constant current or constant voltage power supply to use with RGB shield with high power LEDs
Making AC current with pin 11
Arduino TMP36 sensor
Arduino compiler uploading last saved version of sketch, not current
Nothing is working even though every thing is right & it is new?
How can i send one char from arduino to android(bluetooth)
Programing in Assembly for the Digispark
Arduino raise the error "variable-sized object 'my2dArray' may not be initialized" while trying to change the elements of 2d array
Trouble when avoiding delays
Menu system without libraries
Which Bluetooth Module can I use with Arduino Micro/Mini?
Explanation for micros function
LCD does not work with if condition
What is the memory expense of creating a String from a char array?
Arduino Yún shield password reset
How to send an email via Arduino without an email account?
Is it possible to reduce the size of this program to 1KB
ACS712 sensor reading for AC current
Industrializing Arduino - 24V io? (Electronics)
Is it possible to directly set the registers that control the ADC clock on the Arduino?
PID and pulseIn()
C Serial Communication Code is unreliable
Cannot find crtatmega328p
Amplification of microphone circuit
Why does my Arduino freezes when i turn a servo
Arduino thermometer and humidity display with 7 segment LED display
Print to console
Field Programming a Arduino with another Arduino with SD card over RX/TX lines
Store String using F() Macro
What is the Maximum Current an Arduino can Supply?
Why can't the new Arduino IDE 1.6.7 compile extern "C"?
Modbus master arduino code is throwing weird errors on upload
W5100 Ethernet shield DHCP fails with a Switch
Power Supply Problem with Arduino Yún: Using a log USB cable
Module and library for self healing large sensor network
Can an Arduino act as a GATT Server (Bluetooth LE)
How can I load fonts into Adafruit GFX for TFT display (ILI9341)
Arduino recieving binary
UART error can not compile on Arduino Yun (ATmega32u4)
Automatic/manual door lock with servo
Compute yaw from magnetometer and accelerometer
Arduino IR remote control hold value
Controlling a DC motor with an external power source
How would I use Arduino microcontroller separately?
Why I cannot change array values even if a statement is successfully called? TFT Touch Screen
Arduino does not work
Why can't I upload GRBL but I can upload other sketches
Arduino loading variables from an SD card
Arduino and reading from multiple USB connections
How to display information from a web API on an LCD (2x16) in real time?
Why can I power an SD card reader from a digital pin?
Correct solution for "multiple definition of" compile error
Few questions related to programming microcontrollers
Update code over Ethernet?
How to upload Arduino sketches to Atmel chips
Can't send HTTP request using ESP8266 and Arduino Uno
Sending number as byte through serial
NRF24L01 Connection Not Working
Pinout for Leonardo USB
Do I need a lot of Arduinos?
ESP8266 (connected to Arduino) only works when plugged into USB power
I want to pour 500ml of Water in jar with Arduino water flow controller?
Negative voltage: How do I scale a 0 to 5 V signal to -10 V to +10 V?
Why does Ethernet.begin() require a MAC address when WiFi.begin() doesn't?
How to clear of contents of string in Arduino?
Can I set an Arduino pin as input and output?
Controlling an LED using a transistor (TL188)
Strange problem. Arduino stops working after few hours. Opinions please
No Battery Microcontroller Operation - (Motion, heat, induction etc)
One time execution of a variable incrementation
Using an Arduino as the processor for a computer-mouse-like speed detector
Connect Bluetooth remote control with Arduino
How to integrate ESP8266
How to solve "error 2" from the Arduino MPU6050 accelerometer
Functions of GSM
Reading sensor data over MUX
Load Arduino flash code from SD card
Problems with Windows 8.1 install of Arduino IDE
Sensor for very low temperature (liquid nitrogen)
Watchdog approach
Error when trying to write analog and digital signals from different pins (Arduino UNO)
Recovering from lost USB connection (Leonardo to Raspberry Pi)
How to diagnose unresponsive Leonardo serial port?
Resetting 16U2 Processor on Uno (R3)
HC-05 Bluetooth Module - INQ-Command doesn't work
Replacing delay() with millis()
Connecting an arduino uno to an arduino due
Unable to use RGB matrix and the serial monitor at once
Briefly "wake up" Arduino in response to an event
How to make precise square wave?
Compilation error using arduino-mk on arch Linux (undefined reference to __dso_handle)
Xbee for Arduino Uno
Why doesn't this debounce function work?
Custom arduino board
sketch uploading give error?
How Atmel Studio 7 compile Arduino code?
How to have arduinos work together?
SDA and SCL problem with MEMS
Arduino with multiple buttons - will power be an issue?
Does anyone know a library that can emulate 3 throttles?
Delay function broken?
3.95 TFT LCD SPI or parallel interface
Simple network protocol to communicate between N slave arduino and 1 central arduino?
connection between Arduino Uno with nRF24L01 and notebook with wireless card
pass class internal function as callback
Arduino Micro blue light dimms and turns off when I plug in my circuit
Corrupted files generated by Arduino with SdFat library. How to avoid that?
Running light, without delay, and a potentiometer
Arduino cluster functionality - feasibility advice for arduinos to communicate using variable-length long strings?
Visual Micro without .ino files
How do I install Arduino drivers?
Due : DMAC BTSIZE trimmed modulo 8192?
RF24 Stalls Arduino Program with powerDown
How to install Arduino IDE on Raspberry Pi
Trying to understand compilation error message
bluetooth module with stk500_recv() error
Refine Colorview Code
How to upload .hex file to Atmega8 Using Arduino IDE and Uno as an Isp?
Arduino Google speech api
Saving byte array in PROGMEM instead of SRAM
Adafruit libary and CC3000 shield
Ping IP address using ESP8266 connected to Arduino
Details on OV7670
Powering 3.3v sensors from a coin cell
Arduino drawing a bitmap on nokia 5110 lcd
Link Arduino Uno to Particle Photon
Long Distance Communication with Arduino
Arduino U8glib: how to display text?
Difference between /dev/ttyACM0 and /dev/ttyS0 (Arduino IDE ports under Linux)
Use ESP8266 as WiFi client connected to Arduino Pro Mini
Communication between Arduino and XBee
Bluetooth connection to HC-05 paired but not connected (in Linux)
Arduino String problem
uno + ethernet sheild(wiznet) + dh22 temp humidity sensor + viewing data online
Bluetooth help with Arduino Due
Gboard 800 (SIM900 + ATmega 328)
"Update driver software" not showing. :(
Do I have to use an RTC to build a clock?
İs there any way different way than GND's Arduino
Connecting Arduino To mains
Signal a LOW level interrupt with an RTC
Optocouplers for Arduino DCC decoder - Explain?
Use Adafruit Colorsensor to distinguish between green and red
Reverse the order of a hex string
Design Dilema -- What hardware?
Multiple I2C Devices connected parallel
Arduino non-blocking software PWM LED fader not working
Managing timer intervals using millis at random intervals
Car Control via OBD-II port
3-wire strain gauge - HX711 Issue
Statistical Mode calculation in Arduino programme
Arduino Uno, HM-10 Bluetooth Module, Not Discoverable
HID multiCLASS RFID reader all Mifare to Wiegand 32bit
Connection bluetooth master and slave with Android
How to alter joystick values with Arduino Uno?
Arduino Ethernet intermittently connects to server
expected ';' before '{' token error
arduino and gsm module receive
If value in serial begin is greater than that of delay in arduino, does delay time matters?
Is there a lean or modular SD library?
OV 7670 + FIFO (AL422B) with arduino
Copy content of array
Communication over I2C protocol with more than one A/D device
Unable to initialize W5100 using Arduino Pro Mini
BLE SPI Module with ATtiny85
How does serial communications work on the Arduino?
Take an Arduino or Teensy prototype to Mass production - Loading software onto microcontroller
What if Ultrasonic sensor doesn't detect object?
Can RX and TX be temporarily transposed on demand?
"EVERY_N_MILLISECONDS"
Shift Register Not Working
How to make two wheels turn only for a particular amount of time?
Send data from computer to phone through bluetooth - Bluetooth SeeedStudio Shield V2.1
Arduino to DAC to ADC back to Arduino?
DCMotorTest from the Adafruit site – got fatal error exit status 1
ESP8266 Analog read interferes with wifi?
Arduino and PHP communication only work if I open the Arduino IDE
Serial Monitor Just Stops Working
Changing how a longpress is executed
Could I use metal buttons as a capacitive button for my arduino project?
How to read bitmap image on Arduino
Is Arduino uno SPI comunication can be also master and slave in the same time?
How to dim background LEDs on TFT display with ILI9341
Error uploading Arduino Micro Sketch using Kubuntu
Send analog value over IR?
Error compiling Arduino
Processing Serial data
Windows driver installer not picking up
What is the best serial protocol for bidirectional communication with NodeMCU?
Morse code translator Loop the same sentence
Share battery pack with Arduino and DC motors
ArduinoMEGA: 64 digital inputs cause random digitalRead values
How can I dim a 10w LED?
Pelco D Library for Arduino
RS485 bus voltage?
arduino flexbot drone connected in a wrong way
Use command line to upload program through hex file to Teensy-LC
Check the value of character variable
How to properly reverse DC motor direction with 2 limit switchws
How to change Void with button press
Designing UI for effects project
ESP8266 is not responding
Four Fast PWM outputs, in parallel
Logic level converter 12v to 5v
ESP8266 cannot read DHT22
Using Temperature sensor arduino to trip off an ac device
Porting my project to multiple Nanos
Arduino Uno sometimes cannot connect to the computer
afmotor saying "servo does not name a type"
Use command line to upload hex code to teensy.ex
List of Arduino board preprocessor #defines
Arduino R3 Uno with EasyVR 3.0 Shield fails to connect to COM port
Read information from Twitch's API and execute actions depending on the output
Irrecvdemo program in or remote library gives fatal error #include<WProgram.h>
Arduino radio communications
Why the serial connection only work when Tx and Rx are shorted?
Converting TinkerKit to native Arduino pins
Arduino throwing error while using modbus RS485 code
Read RFID Card Number in Processing over Serial
How to latch a 200mS LOW pulse?
Detecting Motion behind a robot
Precision voltmeter using Arduino
SoftwareSerial library
Atlas Scientific pH project - serialEvent3 problems
Using Bluetooth module HC-05 when Arduino is powered using a battery
Arduino Due: Interrupt-based ADC hangs processing
Transistor slows motor instead of turning it off
Arduino MP3 Player
c expected ; before ) token
How to use Multiple MPU9250 to Arduino Lilypad
What could I use to vary the temperature of a Heating Pad?
PID tuning help
Arduino declaring class in h and cpp file Undefined Reference
Trouble with large numbers
Calculate OCR2A from audio frequency
Maximum frequency of digital signal in Arduino Uno?
Recommendations for limit switches for Arduino
Problem with a digital potentiometer application
Arduino Nano, ICSP header and 595 Shift register
Analog Pins are sensing Values
Converting data between baud rates
Arduino uno not writing to file
ESP8266, Arduino IDE vs Lua?
Unable to connect Ethernet shield W5100 to localhost
Both red and blue led of ESP8266 stays on
Arduino can't multiply?
Branching Bus for Sensor
What is the relation between Arduino's clock and possible VGA resolution?
Why is my Adafruit motor shield not spinning my motors?
mthread and multiple header files
arduino pro mini downloading?
Can Android phone can be used instead of( or with) Arduino as controller?
How to switch on 32A/240VAC with Arduino?
How to emulate an RFID tag with the RC522
Bad LCD? Bad microcontroller? Or what?
How can Arduino know that the number in a variable is a pin number and not something else?
Powering Motor doesnt work from Digital Pin, but works on 5V power
How to avoid delays in the loop() function?
MFRC522 Only working sometimes
Arduino Uno pin dead for no reason. Why?
How are HIDs (keyboard,joypad) created and mapped?
What is the Proper Voltage to supply an enough Current to the Arduino
Why does an RGB LED between VCC and PWM work?
Arduino mini being programmed with CH340G
What's the difference between setting a variable outside a function and setting a variable inside a function?
Atmega328 PWM frequency setting not working
Problem sending colors from an audio visualizer to Arduino
Where to start?
Arduino code not working
Speeding up Arduino DC Motors
Analogue input 0 staying at 0 when sensing light with Arduino and a photocell
Will this AC-DC converter chip really work with arduino?
multiple relays not triggering correctly
How to test Arduino behaviour on Windows?
where I can find ground?
Problem while writing sketch for GSM module sim800
Does a graphical driver chip exist for this project?
Programming many Arduinos simultaneously with a wireless broadcast
sending midi to software using arduino
HC-SR505 PIR Sensor only outputting HIGH
Arduino motor control using digital pins
Arduino Mega connect to 2.1 speakers
It seems my Arduino doesn't work
How does one build an arduino version of a slime controlled robot?
Use large variables without using much memory
Connecting Arduino Due's DAC output to pc sound card with protection
Generating digital positive (+5 V) and negative (-5 V) signal?
Error when using USART with Arduino Mega 2560
Can an a Arduino make music or speech without a speaker?
Funduino Joystick Shield with Bluetooth
Reprogram CH341A chips VID PID etc
Switching LED on and off using microcontroller
Use MOSFET to Change Voltage With PWM
Arduino sending data over MAX485
Arduino potentiometer example: what limits the current?
Replicating Tx and Rx LEDs
Arduino subtracting chars from strings
Problem with sending DMX
SPISettings was not declared in this scope
Flashing ESP8266
Multiple MPU9250 using Multiplexer
Can I do parallel processing in Arduino?
Understanding global variables on Arduino
Using Rx and Tx pins(0 and 1) on Arduino Uno for GSM
LCD is not printing strings, only integers with Arduino
Looking for hardware - 3.5" TFT with capacitive touch
Problem with my arduino board
How to check if a GSM module is working or not?
How do I go about building a backend for my Arduino device?
scroll text through multiple i2c connected dot matrix displays
Upload with esptool fails with "espcomm_send_command: can't receive slip payload data"
Manual reset is required on power on
Upload Code on Arduino Mega using FTDI Cable
How to connect two IMU in one arduino board?
How to generate Analog Signal (Voice) to the microphone
Arduino code will hang when it run until half way
Led issue with arduino controled by raspberry pi/python
LCDs measuring volts arduino
Sim800 sim card requirements
ATtiny85 communication with computer through USB
Arduino signed int can't fire timer > 15 seconds
Can an AT89S52 be programmed using an Arduino as ISP?
driver is not showing up in Port assignments mac
How to wire an LMD18200 and an arduino?
RC drag strip finish line with mph calculation (using 1" spaced lasers)
How do I use Sound Sensor LM393 + Speaker in Arduino
Serial monitor disconnecting itself
Can I connect an Arduino wifi module directly to my android phone?
OLED display wrong (using SPI )
Problem using Adafruit nRF8001 (BLE) with Ethernet module on Arduino Nano
Is a power off sufficient to avoid problems with the Watchdog on Arduino Mega 2560?
Sublime Text 2 with stino, compilation gives "filename ... is incorrect" Arduino IDE 1.7.8
How to copy files from Yun to local computer?
ESP8266 NodeMCU v3 basic questions
How to use ITG-3500 evb
Can I power a 9g servo from an arduino nano with USB power only?
CLion + Arduino
For loop question-Simulating a robot' s movement on a 2d array
Arduino on breadboard Tension is 4.4V instead of 5 V,looking for some guidance
millis() not working properly
Two MPU 9250 connected to one arduino (Code of the MPU6050 edited for MPU9250)
How to limit the number of message that an Arduino sends to a phone without terminating it
How to change Multiple variable values through Serial Monitor
Connect function generator to Arduino
Why is there a clock in my arduino?
How to get the MAC address of an Ethernet shield, if it is not printed on it?
esp8266-01 and arduino UNO communicating over i2c
Serial.print() is slower than it should be
NewliquidCrystal example HelloWorld_i2c just flickers
How to control nokia 5110 display using esp-01
Addressing EACH of the 3x3x3 LEDs separately
Arduino UNO Rx/Tx speaks to itself
Arduino Due with Atmel Studio 7
Arduino Yun & nRF24L01+ -> Linino crashing
USB Serial port not recognized
Using Arduino microcontrollers without board
i2c address instead of assigning pins
Does lowering arduino analog reference increase precision in measuring low voltage?
What is this temperature sensor module? (LM358, 103)
Edit variables through Serial?
Ideal power supply for ESP8266
Why is my Arduino still working?
Pin Mapping of nRF2401L01+ using Adafruit's nRF24L01+ library
Arduino ethernet shield error
Multiplication, division. What is wrong?
Atmel AVR languages
Controlling 3 stepper motors simultaneously
Quick start on Arduino for experienced embedded programmer?
Ublox GPS with Arduino Mega 2560 not working
Arduino & ARM - Replacement for avr-libc?
Simultaneously reading data from multiple serial ports
Why the 4.7 K Ω resistor in this pitch follower sketch?
How to send latitude and longitude as text message on mobile?
Is Teensy compatible with the Arduino keyboard library?
Get the rotation on Genuino 101
Yún not detecting SD card
RGB LED Resistance
ATTiny84 blink mystery
How to stop Arduino from reseting after serial connection lost
RePaper 2.7" eInk Display with Arduino Due
PIR sensor issues
Cat motion detector that can tell the difference from humans
Arduino uno + cnc shield v3 + Stepper Motor Driver A4988 + AccelStepper?
Override #define statements in libraries
Error on Uploading Program to ESP8266 via Foca v2.2 (USB to TTL Adapter)
Arduino programming attiny13a
Control brightness of 20 watt street LED light using Arduino
Select which XBee router will receive data
Arduino mega R17 led blink continuously
How should I use an optocoupler to control a 12Vcc load with Arduino?
Data changes when working with classes
How can I pass a char array as the parameter to a function?
Setup J-K Flip-flop for logging on Arduino RESET
Playing music with an Arduino
Maintaining Arduino on Ubuntu 14.04
Arduino Audio Shield Problems
Daikin Remote ARC
Are there flexible pressure sensors for Arduino that can measure forces of at least 600 lbs?
Detect how long a push button is being pressed?
Should millis() be stored in a variable once each loop, or called for every reference?
21 Servo on Mega?
ATmega32U4 (Leonardo/Pro Micro) bootloader, 8K rather than 4K?
SendSMS example sketch hangs at PINMUNBER if statement
MQTT broker and Arduino + Sensors NRF24L01
Power converting - up or down?
SIM900A GSM/GPRS Shield Transaction per minute
Does a moisture sensor need warm-up time?
Do I use 3,3V or 5V, when device supports both?
What is preventing my code from checking the number of pushbutton values for a correct/wrong answer?
Are there sensors that can detect the color of an LED?
Can an L293D motor driver shield do microstepping?
Cannot disable interrupts
Calibrate motors using arduino
Reprogramming a specific slave from the master ATTiny 85 (connected to IDE)?
Arduino Detect my move
Arduino error when compiling
Arduino Ping sensor with NewPing library
Serial.println for pointers to the byte datatype behaves unexpectedly
Problem receiving CAN messages using arduino, MCP2515 CAN module and multiprotocol radio shield
text to 2D array on Arduino
Is it possible to control a 12v led matrix with an arduino?
Why is my SRAM so quickly filled? There are not more than 60 bytes
How to read data from PC
Help Understanding FFT Analysis and analogRead()?
Mysterious behavior when using objects
Arduino Mega And L298N Motor Driver Board (Controlling using AccelStepper Library)
How to upload a sketch via Arduino Nano
Arduino CAN SPI Configuration problem
Are these the same?
Error: invalid types 'int[int]' for array subscript
Need help debugging my Binary Clock
Since double and float represent the same data type (usually), which is preferable?
Arduino Hardware Issue
uploading sketch via android bluetooth
Understanding types of timer interrupts
Arduino Infinity Loop
Another traffic light project
Trying to read a 93lc46b chip using Arduino
Arduino Nano no output on any controllable pins except for RX and TX pins
Double ## in macros
How to perform action if two rfid tag UIDs have been detected?
Connecting arduino to an existing circuit
Quadricopter+PID+Arduino+MPU6050
Pass class's public function as an argument to external command
Raspberry Pi Arduino Installer broken
Arduino and hard drive
Dimmer on Due: digitalWrite on one pin affects digital value of another
Timer/Counter programming Arduino
Is the Uno Vin pin protected by the voltage regulator?
Error uploading to ATtiny
BLE Python with GUI on OSX
Convert UNIX Timestamp
Distance sensor
Is it possible to upload previously compiled binary?
error parsing data from server using arduino uno and cc3000 shield
FTDI stdk 500k not responding
Change device Function Summary for Teensy-LC
Combining code for multiple sensors in one program
Difference between data type int and long on Arduino
"tamper" circuit of a reed switch: can I connect the two wires to an INPUT and an OUTPUT pin?
Detaching interrupts
How can I get my Arduino to recognize a specific object using some kind of sensor?
while compare, something is wrong
Physical dimensions(size) of the new MKR1000 board?
Do I have a faulty arduino uno, or have I found an Arduino bug?
Splitting String from Serial
Defining object
Arduino Bluetooth data (large data files) transfer efficiency using HC05 module
Unpacking Arduino binary data on a python sketch
Is it possible to run the Teensy to the Arduino?
What is the resolution of an arduino signal?
How many bits can an Arduino uno read?
PID not working correctly
Maintaining pull down on a relay with a shift register
Arduino compiled sketch on sd card
Is it possible to change pin operation from output to input within the Arduino loop (event-driven)?
Arduino disecting a string
Trying to run two simultaneous loops that do the same task with different delay cycles
Pro Micro clone worked fine, now RxLED stays on and can't program it
Arduino IDE programs Leonardo but cannot open serial terminal
What does it mean when there are two addresses listed in the data sheet for a particular register?
Arduino substring not working
MKR1000 not showing up on OSX
Adafruit Trinket 3v with LED matrix backpack producing error
Why doesn't my object's method return back to my caller method?
do digital input pins act as a positive or negative
Arduino to breadboard with LM35 temp sensor
How to do run time calibration for MPU9250?
Need help with Leonardo and HID code
Arduino Due interrupt is taken but not executed completely
Turn on a light when there is an input
Problem with biased circuit for oxygen sensor (SGX EC410)
Programming an ATtiny85
ATMega328P-PU not working
Exit status 1 expected primary-expression before ']' Arduino
Arduino array length
Powering a stepper motor
Don't know how to work IMU and NRF24 together
SPI with a level converter in the other end of connection
Why need a delay between readings?
Arduino how to get amount of elements in an array?
Writing not permitted on genuino 101 Built in Bluetooth LE (phonegap)
Help with school project (Arduino GSM and Thermal printer)
Arduino how to loop a method
Can we detect a magnet using Arduino? If so how?
How to run 5 wires hibrid stepper motor with arduino uno?
Arduino loading from file
Problem with inaccurate delays between sensor readings
Change Servo Speed With RedBearLabs BLE Shield
How to split a string received via a GSM module (message)
Double clap sensor not working as intended
Send AND Receive through i2c / set Arduino as master AND slave
how to solve Varing duty cycle value while using Pulsein()
At what level does low dynamic memory effect performance?
Connection between Matlab and Arduino
Cannot receive data from GPS SD Shield V2-B
if(Serial) not working correctly on micro or pro micro
CAN communication with Arduino
Does the VCC Output pin always give out a consistent 5V Voltage supply? What is the current output?
Is RX1 and TX0 the same thing as TX and RX? Will there be a difference in the way I program it?
Driver shield providing 24+ pins at 100mA (for Mega 2560)
Using Arduino IDE as an API
Arduino Due Port Not Found
Iterate an Object Array
What isthe best programming language for embedded systems?
3-Way Bluetooth Communication?
Serial Monitor not displaying anything
MATLAB - Read from 2 SPI inputs synchronously
Arduino Vending Machine problem
Arduino Loading doesn't work
High Torque motor humming but not turning
Regarding using I2C with Arduino for Silicon Micro-structure 5852 D 1.5 psi
Multiple non-blocking countdown timers?
Sending data to a webserver with GPRS/GPS Shield (U-blox Sara G-350)
Did I fry my ESP8266 module or was it something wrong with it?
ESP 8266 web server using arduino
Use only one pin as serial output/input with arduino
Serial not working with I2C
compilation error in arduino
Need some explain before desigin my own custom Arduino Due board
Store TinyGPS++ latitude value into a variable of type string or float
Is there a practical way to broadcast and receive ascii payloads over ethernet or wifi?
How to append float value of into a string ?
I can't seem to receive data to the ArduinoStudio serial monitor on ubuntu 14.04
Arduino Nano PWM output acting strange after running for a day or so
Get the last piece of data received on a serial port
Shaft Encoder Accuracy
FCC Certification
Connecting Winbond W49F002U-12B to Arduino Mega
Is it OK to Serial.print(message), when the USB cable is not connected to a host PC?
Code to control servo with shield
Loop behaves oddly in I2C receiveEvent
ICT Bill Accepter
Get servo to travel full length
How do I count time in seconds?
Is it possible to program the Arduino with only the RX and TX pins?
Dereferencing char into a struct
If a Timer is used, disabling some PWM pins, can I still use those pins for Digital write?
Modify Arduino Due's Bootloader to flash when reset
how to change increase pwm frequency by changing resolution?
Troubleshoot Arduino LCD 16 x 2 shield
Sustainable power source for outdoor arduino weather station
How to set string in the structure part of NRF24?
Will enabling parity bit actually decrease corruption?
(HELP)How to read Physical Dimensions in datasheets
Is there a way to upload precompiled code to an arduino?
Problem with running 2 DC motors with ultrasonic sensor
Transferring Data from Ethernet to Breadboard
HID-Project problems with keycode enums
Why the need to use the volatile keyword on global variables when handling interrupts in Arduino?
HC-06 Bluetooth Module on Arduino Nano
Can someone explain how to program i2C communications without using the library?
How to connect a 12V power supply to an RGB LED strip receiving RGB values via Arduino Uno PWM pins?
Timer CTC Set and Clear modes -- How to un-Clear and un-Set?
Sending colours to vga monitor
Is it possible to infer the length of a neopixel string using 1-wire protocol?
Can I use the TLC5940 LED Driver if I'm already using other SPI devices on my Arduino mega?
Regenerative motor drive for arduino with torque control
A simple login page on Arduino Uno
Can I use IO10 as digital IO while using SPI interface?
ATTiny watchdog and interrupt
Arduino GSM Shields stacking
Two arduinos one power source
Hall effect sensor direction detection using arduino
Motor Shield not giving full power, LED DIMS
Is replacing USB serial WITH ESP8266+ESP link feasible?
Arduino UNO and SPI eeprom (AT93C46D)
Good books to learn more about microcontrollers / electrical engineering?
How to speed up
Why all unset pins of my Arduino Uno are outputting 2 volts?
Atmel SAM MCU (on Arduino Due) only boots after second power up
Arduino Leonardo Pro Mini will not begin sketch when connected to BIOS not an OS
Regulator magic smoke
GPS Receiver SKG13BL + Arduino - Having trouble receiving data
How to write array of functions in arduino library?
Arduino Pro Mini
Neopixel led strip stops responding after change in brightness
How to update multiple outputs simultaneously
Serial monitor listing unreadable characters
Speed Control L298 motors
Programing uploading to Arduino due
ESP8266 Firmware Upgrade
What Arduino board with WiFi should I choose
Sensor/servo shield for Arduino Mega
Micro + restricted user Win XP = avrdude: butterfly_recv(): programmer is not responding
Send multiple sensor values over serial
SN76489 - Ready pin not working?
Arduino: How to get the board type in code
Strange behavior on 74HC595 Shift Register IC when its GND pin is used
What should I do to communicate with GSM module?
Arduino PWM Pins Interrupt
Arduino app hangs on upload for all boards
Arduino: Read frequency of input from audio jack
Dot Matrix Display with Arduino UNO (PROBLEM)
Motor shield causing problems with interrupts?
Trying to verify that Arduino Pro Micro ISP is working
Esp8266-01 AT commands returns random chars and/or "ERROR"
Is my Arduino board defect? No matter what program I upload the pin 13 turns on and off 3 times and that's it
Water heater coding problem
Debugging with ISP
Insufficient current through Adafruit Motor Shield
Is this a USBasp I can use with Arduino?
Do external battery packs need to connect to ground on the arduino?
How to send data from Arduino Uno with SIM900 GPRS to Firebase
Controlling an RC car using Arduino
Receiving and transmitting messages simultaneously
How to set Delay on GSM shield?
Sending RFID data to an Android app
How to connect GPS to IMU?
Simple webpage serve with Arduino ethernet shield on SD card
First time set up- permission denied to usb port- ubuntu 14.04
How to remote control Arduino using an old 2.4Ghz toy remote controller?
Are there any constants for default SPI port pins defined?
Start timer when pins connected
How to use a Bi-color matrix led 8x8 with 24 pins?
questions about sketch
Clock drift - is the precision of the crystal the only culprit?
Need help figuring out the pinout of a seven segmented display
How to write a sketch when adding more devices to an I2C data line?
How to serially transfer/read an image to Arduino
Connecting Arduino with Philips Hue
Difference between WiFiClient and HttpClient
Photoresistor Switch
how to count blinking LED flashes using arduino uno boards and LDR?
Nick Gammon's Hex Converter Error
Arduino documentation on PCIFR and PINC
HTTP POST request to IFTTT
Arduino command line vs. Arduino builder
Arduino controlled light dimmer software
How to wire and use a B10K linear LED potentiometer?
How to stop uno from running program when powered on?
Return value of 0 if value is less than zero
Configure HC-05
Works with gcc, not with Arduino. error: taking address of temporary array
Sim800L HTTP post request stop working after a while
Fritzing PCB design review/questions
How do I calibrate an ESC after connecting it to an Arduino?
error while loading libtinfo.so.5 - SOLVED
Neopixel Ring - How to breathe in a circle motion?
ESP8266 shows garbage in serial monitor
Adding button which resets to top of void
Audio Player picking up Interference
How do I adjust the scale/calibration of a photoresistor?
Arduino vs Raspberry, Advantages And Disadvantes
How do I install the latest Arduino IDE on Ubuntu 14.04LTS?
Arduino is not responding to a Tiny RTC I2C modules, How to fix?
help compiling code for flora project
Integration of signal
Why isn't there bus contention on the MISO line during SPI-based programming?
How to pad an ascii number with leading zeros?
Can not connect with Bluetooth hc-05
Is my Arduino mega dead?
Board won't show on one of my computers
What are the components of a Xively HTTP PUT request to send to my SIM800 GPRS module?
Custom built Arduino is not working - double blinks
MicroSD interfering with ISP programming
MPU 6050 stuck on same values
SD card initialization fails randomly
Help with a rather specific implementation of FFT Library?
Breadboard for kids
Bluetooth HC-05 Library for Proteus
"'Serial' does not name a type" error
How to know if my Bluetooth HC-05 is connected through serial monitor
How to use strtok() and strstr() with arduino?
Trying to pass a char to software serial with a button press
Arduino serial hex decimal values code
Power Arduino Nano with OTG cable
See compiled assembly output (Visual Micro)
Issues with AltSoftSerial
Why is the result of this product operation wrong?
Simulated Arduino displaying same temperature over and over again
Arduino serial port eats data for 3 seconds before it sends?
Possible to use the hardware serial port for peripheral on ATmega32u4 when using USB for programming?
Problem receiving data from RPi to Arduino via serial
Digital Vs. Analog Sensor
Not seeing frames returned from client when using ESP8266 Wifi Shield
A question about chars and Serial
How to burn Arduino Bootloader on ATmega168PA-PU?
Arduino LiquidCrystal_I2C fast overwritting
How does Arduino distinguish between SPI programming data and regular data?
Interfacing with desktop computer console software
Interrupts detach
Advice for checking integrity of serial char strings?
What type of hardware could make a ball tilt or roll?
How to sync multiple arduinos?
Why does analog sensor "hum" when plugged into common ground?
Controlling arduino over webserver
Why After instancing TinyGPS , serial stop working?
LCD not working with Arduino Uno
how to write program for line follower with adafruit motor shield
Arduino serial communication input string checking
Picking the time a led on an arduino should turn on, via android
Why doesn't interrupt TIMER0_COMPA work with loops?
Softserial - max speed - loosing characters
Low-Pulse Occupancy and Voltage Divider
Arduino hangs on second GSM message (was GSM based led matrix display)
Unable to upload sketches after little oopsie (reversed input polarity)
Digital Input with long cable - flickering values
Which is faster, Serial or DigitalWrite?
Aurduino Mega prototype board connectors
serial port on RPi
Piezo not making sound
DHT11 and Pulse sensor incompatibility?
How to access serial terminal through USBASP?
Arduino IDE stopped uploading sketches to BLEduino board
Will a .ino Arduino Sketch compile directly on GCC-AVR?
int not declared in this scope
connecting SIM900A GSM/GPRS module Arduino Mega
How to access Attiny84 port B in Arduino IDE code?
How to connect relay
Fritzing file for prototyping shield
How to receive data via Bluetooth on an Arduino 101?
Baud rate Arduino/Linux
Arduino Mimicking Voltage Dividing Keypad / Matrix
Arduino configure script for conditional compilation of libraries
Shield board with holes, do I need to solder?
Unable to upload code on Arduino Nano
How can I test/demonstrate what the serial input and output buffers are?
String matching serial input (was Code for voice recognition for arduino uno)
I can not upload hex files outside of the Arduino IDE to my Pro Micro
Expanding analog inputs to the Arduino
Script on pc only gets 640 characters via serial
Stepper motor doesn't start immediately when i pressed the button
Arduino Mega with nRF24L01+ module
How to program arduino due without arduino ide
Can a KCPI-3101 be replaced with an Arduino?
Can I connect an Arduino GSM Shield directly to a PC?
What variables to declare for controlling a motor with high power motor controller
Read ISO/IEC 14443B (NFC Type B) with PN532
ESP8266 GET OR POST Request Timeout Error
how to detect the incoming message from sim800 GSM module
Arduino millis() won't work
In Linux how do I start up Atmel Studio
ILI9163C screen not working properly
How do you control the amount of times the void loop loops per second?
Stuck on uploading sketch via USB 6 pin
Arduino Timer Button
why does it use A0 to define analog pin 0 in some case and why use 0 directly?
IOt application example Error
Brand new to Arduino, and can't even make an LED blink
How do I statements for the various conditions of this function?
Mounting Arduino in an enclosure
How to read data from Arduino with Raspberry Pi via I2C?
How to use a common anode 7-segment, 4-digit display?
RF24 + High speed pwd
How to write modular code for arduino?
Arduino minimal power usage
Trying to pass a single char to a serial device
Detect when RFID card is absent
How to implement a priority queue
Simple Arduino Serial Arithmetic
How do I upload the sensor data from arduino into a database?
nrf24l01+ with antenna problem
Why can't most servos rotate more than around 180°
Machine installed with arduino suddenly turns on when usb is unplugged
Opto Isolator question
Bluetooth Arduino control (was Speech recognition arduino control)
Problem running WiFiWebClient example
Why does the Arduino UNO have a separate power port if USB also powers it?
Combining 2 State Machines?
How to save data to SD card using Memory Shield Module SPI
How to properly process large arithmetic
Why does the Pro Mini 5 v and 3.3 v version have different clock frequencies?
Why does my PIR sensor stay high with ESP8266 breakout board?
434 RF Transmitter and Receiver for distance measurement problem
Digit LED has single input, multiple outputs for each segment. Concerns about "sinking" 5v supply into digital pins
Attach headers to servo wires?
Analog sensing needs external power supply
DS18B20 Temperature Sensor return as float function returning null 50% of the time
Simplified timezone shapefile suitable for Arduino?
Send JSON via POST on SIM900 shield with AT commands
How do I learn C? (was Computer project)
Problem reading an EEPROM chip using the I2C protocol
I need help purchasing components for my Arduino project
Tower Pro MG996R 180° high torque servo controlling using Arduino
Smallest digital 3-axis gyroscope pcb for arduino?
Problems coding a 12 pin 7 segment display and grove temperature sensor with Arduino Uno
How to convert string to long?
Using AVR Timer Within an ISR
I am planning to do a periodic table with Arduino's help but I have a few questions
What will happen if I supply greater than 1.1V to analogue inputs if analogReference set to INTERNAL?
Problem: "stray '#' in program"
How to select proper camera
Send commands to Arduino from the WEB
Problem with ATtiny85 and RF modules
Arduino onboard LED pin number as a constant
Can't compile my library because "String does not name a type"
Programming Arduino in Pascal?
Serial Monitor Suddenly Doesn't Work
Is this method to a String from a function going to cause memory corruption?
Arduino metronome - Change time signature on button press
MQTT Broker on an Arduino
Understanding the contents of a library in C
Function of rxAlign parameter in the PCD_ReadRegister function in MFRC522 Library
RGBW LED strip: which components are required?
Servo control using DIP switch
Adding Attiny to Arduino IDE - attiny\variants\platform.txt file missing
How can I easily see which COM port is used by Arduino?
Where are the chip configurations stored in IDE 1.6.x? How to modify them?
Accelerometer axis inputs driving three RGB LED strips - Trinket Pro 5V
Timer to control 1.5V clock
Append Text to Variable Names: Please Help Me Shorten This Code
Arduino Uno not working as usb HID interface
How to program pressure sensor and motor with motor shield
SOLVED -- Switch PIN, Also Trigger Other Pin in Arduino
Strange results trying to count pulses
ATMEL SAMD11 SPI (Slave) With Arduino (Master)
Moving motion sensor?
Getting the average of sound in last minute
Clone vs Counterfeit (Arduino)
Multi-file arduino esp8266 sketch sharing a reference to server
When I call the tone function on a Uno, why do I not have to declare the pinmode in setup?
Arduino development vs nRF51 development
Multiple Wireless Sensors to an Arduino
How do I change pin assignments for the LUFA AVRISPMkII?
Mysterious RX pulses on UART connect on OS X Arduino Due
How to convert String to byte array
ESP8266 blue led stays stays on
What does it mean in I2C, "NACK received"?
Sizing relays for audio circuit?
Comparison of a bit vs. setting a bit
Failed to read DHT22 sensor using Intel Galileo Gen2 board
How can there be not enough current?
Arduino digital input fluctuates with neighbouring pins
Issues on Arduino, LiPO battery and two mottors setup
Water pressure an salinity sensor connected to arduino
PC Cannot Access HC-06 Bluetooth COM Port
Arduino and DC Motor control board
Compare the new sample in a high sampling rate datalogger
Why perform bitwise operations here? (SPI FRAM read method)
Controlling HDMI Switch via RS232/UART
Running Steppers with servo
Uploading code to Arduino wirelessly
RFID detects the first card fine, but hangs on a second
Instantiating bounce library inside a class
Options for communicating between Arduinos
Power 4 leds with max7219 and LedControl.h
What are ideal delay times between commands for RF24 lib
is it possible to interface two cameras with a single arduino board
Using #define and multiple classes
Hardware network-infrastructure for a fully-arduino-based home-automation project
How do I correctly use enum within a class?
Connecting Mac to Adafruit Feather 32u4 Bluefruit LE over serial
The importance of I/O pin DC current
Can I hook up two micros to one GPS module?
Code problem w/ Uno+GPS+GPRS?
Turning all LEDs on (FAST.LED)
How to get a button state change within a for loop?
Do I need capacitors for these LEDs?
Random Blink LEDs
Does not name a type error when using makeTime
How to control Adruino through Internet
I2C Master-Slave Arduino system to control array of steppers
Atmel studio 7 - my own libraries
Rotary Encoder problem with LCD Display
How to increase the brightness of a IR transmitter LED?
Cannot include .h files back one directory
How do I connect this to my breadboard?
Posting Arduino data via ethernet to PHP server problems
Arduino recorder Wi-Fi device
Writing and reading multiple values through serial
Can we use an alternate RFID reader to read HID cards?
Arduino Nano ESP8266 software serial problems
Problems with serial communication from Arduino to Bluetooth HC-05
Arduino water pump not working and beeping
Using Lua in Arduino project
SIM800L project not working
RS485: is "Y" multidrop allowed?
Multiplexing potentiometers
How to send data from an Arduino to PC, without using the Serial Monitor?
Safe to control multiple power sources through a switch through the ground?
How to power an Arduino using automated mains/rechargeable battery switching?
vrdude stk 500 not responding error inspeed control of dc motor using arduino uno board .how to solve this issue
ISR executes twice if data coming through SoftwareSerial
Interfacing 9-Axes Motion Shield with RPi and WiFi Shield
Not sure if my Arduino Uno is damaged
Communication serial port with matlab
Arduino sketch won't run until I open up GUI in processing
Two voltage sources on the same circuit
How to operate under linux an USB to I2C adapter based on the FTDI FT232R?
Powering from 3V coin cell to VCC, using I/O pin as supply GND
How to use unregulated VIN voltage?
Max current through an Arduino Mega?
Reading 2 numbers from serial
Arduino LCD changing contrast only makes black boxes less readable i.e. less in contrast
ATtiny85 and INPUT_PULLUP
Has anybody seen/created a gps guided vehicle with arduino?
Arduino sensors with various periods
How do I reduce this down to a smaller, more permanent prototype?
Sparkfun Si4703 FM not getting to loop
Controlling Arduino through Internet and Bluetooth
Open WiFi Configuration Automatically
Take the program from the arduino board
How to convert array of chars to array of ints?
Measuring LPO (Low-Pulse Occupancy)
How to combine Leonardo with Ultrasonic sensor?
LED fading effect using a push button
Arduino Bluetooth Shield
Protecting your computer from stupid (arduino) mistakes
GPRS SIM900 and GPS NEO-6M don't work together
Arduino NTP clock glitches every 7 seconds
How would one make a 3-wire GPS?
Shared Memory using SHM Library
Pin 13 fires relay when powering on... How to disable?
My RTC is returning a sporadic date/time
Array + Serial Monitor Problem
How to recover from DHCP Renewal and Rebind failures?
Stepper Motor not Stepping Properly
avrdude: stk500_recv(): programmer is not responding
What is pulseIn in programming Arduino?
How to check if all pins are connected on my board to make sure Arduino sends the correct pattern number on my tool
Is it possible to replace this delay with millis()? (And issue with other millis loop)
VirtualWire send function
How to define a SoftwareSerial object inside a class?
Using millis() and micros() inside an interrupt routine
Transfer a struct's data to an external struct via serial?
Zeroing a Vernier force probe
Adafruit Neopixel Library- only the first 16 LEDs respond
How to use potentiometer on one Arduino to control servo on another Arduino via WiFi?
Arduino UNO stuck in Setup function when interfacing UNO with ESP8266 module
Arduino code for continuous rotation for 3 servos with Bluetooth
Motors settings
Risks of ftdi_eeprom? - TX always high after flashing
How to disable the write protection of the USART mode register?
Using 6 axis accelerometers
My Arduino Nano clone doesn't show in the serial this simple code. Why?
Why can't I see the serial plot with the following code for arduino?
I can't get code transferred to my Arduino Mini Pro
Accelerometer Interrupt Meaning - Wakeup Function
Java + JSSC + Arduino + Windows
Arduino SoftwareSerial not receiving data from Neo-6M GPS module
How to exclude a ino/pde file from Arduino projects
How do I run a loop for a specific amount of time?
Encoding clock signal into linear block codes
Fastest way to test if two integers differ by 4 or equal to each other
Link Arduinos over 5 acre laser tag field
Piezo connection causing RTC to go haywire
How to Serial read two consecutive chars sent by computer to Arduino?
Using two ultrasonic sensors for counting cars when they enter to a garage
Can I specify custom port names in the Arduino IDE on Linux?
Issues with connecting XBee to Arduino Uno R3
Can the Arduino Eclipse plugin use the libraries installed by the Arduino IDE?
LED and LCD game
"Return" Code Not Working
How to Determine Fuse Settings
Arduino Prototype on Breadboard: "avrdude: stk500_recv(): programmer is not responding"
What is the equivalent of this old SPI code using the current SPI library?
Potentiometer with switch wiring question. Not reading correctly
Non-blocking MQTT library
Can the servo pulse width range be changed?
Is this function subject to memory fragmentation?
Why does DHT-library (and others) only allow one object instance?
How to add SD card to store data
Arduino join multiple strings and numbers and then seperate them
How to read long value sent by Arduino in C
Debugging arduino shield for varying voltage
LEDs instruction code does not loop
Possible to determine at runtime whether a pointer is declared PROGMEM?
GPS North? South? East? West?
What happens if I try to draw power from the VIN port while under USB power on an Uno?
How to merge two arduino sketches, one for relay's and one for Servo motor?
A library for manipulate Intel Hex data?
Convert library from using bitbanging to hardware SPI
Expected Initializer?
Getting RTK-precision GPS with arduino devices like NavSpark?
Arduino Pro Mini and Electronic Speed Controller (ESC)
Integrating 2 push buttons to toggle the LED ON and OFF
How to flush the input serial buffer in Arduino?
How to approach an complex Arduino Uno project (Serial, SPI, Ethernet) in pure C, without libraries?
Does Proteus simulate external interrupts properly using Arduino? I can't get them to work
Soldering headers screwed up Trinket?
Burn normal bootloader onto Atmega328P configured to use internal 8MHz clock
Why does enabling TIMSK1 mess up serial?
How to generate true random numbers over Arduino Uno without any external hardware?
Arduino Yun OpenWrt MySQL Issue
QuadCopter PID using MPU6050
XBee unstable sensor data transmission
Barebones 328p, 2xAA vs 3xAA, which will last longer?
Problem updating Arduino WiFi Shield's Firmware
Library for DIY Keyboard
How to interrupt a Timer to Change position along a Colour Cycle
What are the parameters of the browseUrl() callback in the Ethercard library?
Possible to create IP-to-USB HID (keyboard) device using Arduino?
Why is the nRF24L01 not working with Arduino Esplora?
LM335Z temperature sensor gives very varying values
SD-Card-Module doesnt work with external power supply
Arduino Nano - 5V pin drops to 3.3V when load is connected
Casting a struct member between uint8_t and char, with regard to serial transfer
Can I apply a Kalman filter to DHT11 data?
Irregularly triggering an ISR using timers
How do I set my sampling rate?
Error: "invalid use of incomplete type" and "forward declaration"
Why does pulse sensor shows gaps when I move it?
Can I use two sensors with different baud rate without problems on arduino?
Power problems stacked Arduino shields
Setting Up a JavaEE app on an Arduino Yun Board
Connect a USB slave into Arduino using FTDI
Micro USB to USB adapter m/m
Get strings from Serial.read()
How to get the name of the device connected to the bluetooth?
Designing a robotic arm using Arduino Uno
How to make servo rotate for angle bigger than 180°
Thermistor value correct on Uno backwards on Nano
How can I exactly put my sensor at 4 Hz readings?
How to perform a data transfer to an external server
Need to make an action just once when condition is reached
Arduino Pro Micro troubles
Arduino Uno to Processing, using Serial
Arduino clone CH340G (ATmega328P), MIDI over USB
HC-05 to low cost AB shutter 3
Arduino fried? Onboard blink ok; offboard blink not ok
Arduino GPRS (GSM) shield (SIM900) no long pins
Arduino with Bluetooth
Diagnosing crashed Arduino Uno
2WD robot - logic error
Altering SoftwareSerial to transmit more than 1 byte at a time
How can I reduce the size of my sketch?
Sending GPS data between two Arduinos using Easy Transfer
Sending data from Arduino UNO as a SOAP request
RF 433 Module with VirtualWire: transmit and receive using the same Arduino board
How can I control continues servo using potentiometer?
Wire.h not found newliquidcrystal
Using a SPI based ADC (ADE7912) with Arduino
Rc switch library transmit using protocol 5
Upload sketch via Bluetooth using HC-06 module
HM-10 and Arduino Due
Proximity sensor without proximity sensor; is my hand magic, my competency crap, or my arduino fried?
Print the response from GSM shield
Arduino micro lost connection after first programming
Using map for DC motor instead of servo
Trinket works with USB but not with wall adapter
Reading sensor data, massaging it and performing operation based on transformed data
Due as USB Host timing issues
How do I connect an 8x8 LED RGB matrix to an Uno?
GPS Transmits False Data with SD card in; True data with SD card out
Did I Brick my Controllino?
Only return button state once in X amount of time?
Problem related to Arduino ip address
Shield:FAIL problem in ESP8266-01 with Arduino UNO
How can I read also the temperature with this GSR sensor?
Stop multiple presses in vex bumper (Unexpected bumper output)
WebClientRepeating not printing response to Serial
Changing timing intervals with millis()
Does an Arduino 101 come with bluetooth HID capabilities?
Arduino-Bluetooth HC-05 Android app blueterm connection for chatting
Multiple node communication using NRF24L01
Why doesn't my 7 segment update every second like in the program?
Iterating an array of relays
Audio/Voice Recording Device
rf24 change order of data
DB:NO RESP Using inet.httpPOST on loop()
User input for utility program
Compiling Error 3 Wire LCD
While loop not breaking
Simulator for AD8232 Chip
What are the consequences of different clock speeds on different boards?
Arduino to Thingspeak using WiFly-RN171 (Firmware 4.0)
How do we connect 2 FSR sensors to an Arduino Mega?
How to control relay using SIM800 and Arduino Mega through SMS?
How can we replace a 10k potentiometer with resistors?
how to make arduino powered talking circuit?
Is cheap away arduino trustworthy
Arduino countdown timer preventing rest of program running
How do I use an AtTiny85 (or other AtTiny) with Arduino?
What minimal resistance should be between an input and output pin not to burn Arduino?
Is that correct that input and output pins are not supposed to have current through them?
OV7670 non FIFO with AL440?
Signal pin of buzzer is connected with which Arduino uno pin
Flickering LCD backlight with fingerprint scanner
ATTiny85 433Mhz with sleep
Not enough pins on Uno?
Assembled redboard PTH kit, when I turn it on the led flashes increasingly fast and stops
Why is my pushbutton always reading LOW?
Connecting ethernet shield to computer
Wire Library send/receive
VS1003 MP3 module performance(?) problem
MCP4725 not working
Cheapest Arduino wireless solution for home automation
Arduino Pro Mini I2C Problem
Which GSM-shield is most efficient for GPRS communication?
LCD readout is odd
IR remote unstable button numbers
Connecting Pulse Sensor to RFDuino Simblee
What would be the architecturally-right place to put custom -D defines?
How do I connect a vibration motor to Arduino?
Running script file/programe on Intel Galileo gen2
Arduino Uno + Jaguar Speed Controller + CIM Motor (12V DC)
Arduino Due Serial garbage
Bluetooth and another sketch
Is it safe to power an MQ-7 gas sensor with a 9V D.C supply?
How do I use SNAP protocol, correctly?
What is a current consumption of arduino nano
Extracting a substring from original string
Looking for a Mega 2650 drawing or picture that shows the components labeled
Trying to start a timer to change lights when a button is pressed
Why does the arduino respond so slow to serial input
Arduino Nano - Upload verification error
a mega 2650 power supply mystery
Forensic security of Arduino (SRAM)
SMS Receiving problem - Arduino Uno and SIM900A GSM Module
Regarding use of software serial two times
How to measure water turbidity with arduino
Want to setup a wireless communication using nrf24l01
How can I power an Arduino Nano with a LiPo battery, preferably 3.7v
Why does this method return an unprintable character, how do I convert it to display correctly?
Arduino controlling a heavy solenoid water valve
Program nodeMCU Over the Air (OTA)
Can I measure velocity from an accelerometer? How accurately?
Removing Element From Array While Keeping Order
Send newline through serial monitor
How do I connect a vibration sensor/switch to a breadboard?
Arduino UNO doesn't produce expected square waveform
Arduino project - will this fit together?
Join Serial Data Seperated by Newlines?
No sketches will upload to Arduino Uno board; says "access denied"
Send Newline / Carriage return with python
serial communication dead slow after a while
I²C only works when I short-circuit my Arduino
How to load Atmega328p 8mhz board using board manager
radio wave generation using arduino
receiving sms by arduino with wavecome to control the led with sms
Did I fry a Sainsmart 1602LCD (not shield, just LCD), HD44780 compatible
"missing filename" compilation Error
Random numbers being printed back after entering data
Which tft works on both Arduino Uno and Raspberry pi
Why does this code show me a lot of space?
What does serial monitor send with 'Both NL & CR'
Arduino Mega2560, Ethernet Shield & OV0706: "Camera not found"
Using Arduino and XBee at the same time
Sim900 data logging through Sparkfun
Error with libraries after setting up Code::blocks to work as an arduino IDE
Serial Data Formatting not Correct?
NEO GPS 6M connecting to Lilypad Arduino
Beat 1 LED light is always on - should turn off
Project 2: Arduino controlled spaceship interface
NEO 6M GPS speed
How to use a digital RGB LED Strip?
What is the necessity of “Prototyping Shield” for an arduino UNO R3?
What are some "must-have" sensors or shields for an Arduino robot or motor?
SDA/SCL pins Arduino Uno
Problem with my Arduino project
arduino quadcopter freezing while reading MPU6050/RC Receiver
How can I use my old cellphones camera on my arduino robot?
What is the necessity of "Prototyping Shield" for an arduino UNO R3?
How to design and debug a custom I2C master-slave system?
Port Manipulation - fastest implementation
Sampling Rate of Arduino Uno
Arduino Nano - Unknown USB device
SM 130 RFID reader, with Arduino Uno. Trying to read RFID passive tags on Arduino version 1.6.7
What is the best way to attach TMP36 sensor to the copper coil?
Maximum potentiometer resistance
nrf24l01 (8pin) + adapter board (10pin) oops?
Keyboard input arduino speed
Funduino Uno with 5V 1A power supply?
Is it possible to make 4hz readings with the DS18S20 temperature sensor?
Getting NaN error in Processing when Xbee is used and trying to create a popup window.
Can you use both 3.3v and 5v
RTC interrupts and coin batteries
Pro Mini Fuse Repair
Arduino on breadboard, and then soldered using a board made on Eagle but won't work
I²C between 2 Arduinos sends additional receive event
Troubleshooting duplicate libaries (Arduino motor shield and stepper motor)
Arduino Uno Constantly Resets with WiFi and 4 Relay Module
Resistor on SPI Chip Select Pin
Two or More Arduinos Handshaking
Why is my LED blinking?
Do arduino librarys require the arduino to be connected to a computer?
Integer goes garbage after iteration. struct pointer manipulation messed up other variables in memory
MQ4 gas sensor is not working with Arduino UNO
Esplora: Connecting a 2-Wire Speaker to Arduino Esplora
OLED with arduino?
Using an Arduino Weight Sensor, it fails to satisfy a while loop and I can't firgure out why
Only 1 DC motor spinning with motor driver l298N and arduino UNO?
Why is the result shorter than expected when I do longString.toCharArray(bigCharArr, longLength)?
Why does getting list of files from SD card FAIL if not printing to Serial? (ESP8266)
voltage output at digital pins vs. load
Arduino OOP and [this] keyword
Managing 80 ~ 90 accelerometers with Arduino
How many stepper motors can a motor shield control?
Controlling HC-05 from a sketch
Where can I find a hardware manual (or documentation) for Arduino board?
Are there any advantages to Wifi shields as opposed to a Yun?
Resetting millis() and micros()
Problem controlling a Stepper motor with AccelStepper
Use object of LiquidCrystal class within another class
How to get Type name of a variable on Arduino
CC3000 cannot sending post data with content length more than 104
digitalPinToInterrupt() doesn't work
How to reduce current from a AC TO DC power supply for arduino use
Can't make my stepper motor run clockwise and counterclockwise with AccelStepper Library
5V Trinket only outputting 3.3V?
master slave control of 2wd robots using xbee
Is this bluetooth setup good?
Is Gsm antenna effect on microcontroller working?
I am trying to connect the PS3 controller with the Arduino Uno using a USB Host Shield. Getting stuck at 'PS3 Bluetooth Library Started' . Need Help
Is Arduino reliable for serious tasks, such as medical machines?
Compiler doesn't like function code
MQ135 Air Quality Sensor Signal Amplifier needed? Higher Quality Sensor?
Start program on PC using Arduino
Employing C++ code for Arduino
Standalone chipset, power regulation & pinout
ATmega328p simple shortcircuit button
Digital pin output voltage, not triggering 71mA relay coil
Translating accelerometer angle to PWM output (was MPU-6050 DMP6 example)
Not being able to use pushbutton
Why am I only receiving the first address byte? (I2C Protocol)
Ultrasonic Range Sensor won't print distance in Serial Monitor
Proper way to run functions in loop
User callback functions
How to get power for a nexus 7 while reading serial data from an arduino over usb?
Trying to send data to the server and AT+CIPSEND not working correctly
'Non-Deterministic' memory usage on Arduino
PFC8574 4x4 keypad: correct wiring?
Ethernet shield or Wifi sheild - Arduino?
Using Processing to send data to Arduino
Regarding the output voltage and current in arduino
Can I reassign my Arduino Uno COM Port?
How can I control neopixels attached to a Digispark?
Arduino (Or Raspberry Pi) As HID Device
Streaming audio from PC to Arduino over WiFi
Critical sections in Arduino, interrupt consuming data
Resend data traffic from an Arduino
Disable other buttons while one of buttons is pressed
Arduino Pro Micro and HC-05 Bluetooth module
code to force a gentle servo power up
MatLab connection to Arduino using Bluetooth
Arduino serial non-blocking
ESP8266 module cutting connection with PC via USB
Measuring The Distance Using GPS programmed with Arduino
Making my own motor shield
Drop alpha character from serial input
Breaking a switch case from an ISR
Arduino Nano USB Serial Bypass
Motor shield and sensors
Defining an NFC tag as NDEF using the Arduino Uno and the PN532 NFC module
Controlling Enable Function on MicroStepper Driver
Control speed of linear actuator servo
Can a 9V battery be used as a backup power supply (to Arduino Uno) while plugged directly into Vin and ground?
Can I turn a headset with a cord into a bluetooth headset with multiple connections?
Arduino LDR sensor stained
How do I give the ENTER keypress?
Make LED blink using AVR assembly
Printing decimal numbers
Arduino capacitive touch sensor help
Arduino Hardware serial library with rts/cts flow control support
Arduino and 2 Adafruit Fingerprint modules working together
Arduino Yun Python ImportError: No Module named mime.multipart
Arduino: pins still active after entering sleep mode
How to use voltage divider between ESP8266 (3.3v) and IR proximity sensor (5V)?
Library LiquidCrystal_I2C don't work in other class (Composition)
Arduino IDE installation Problems
Having 3 buttons with only 2 input pins
How to get neopixel to fade colorwipe?
Dealing with TCCRx
SDS011 Dust Sensor Checksum Error
FlySky TH9X with Arduino: cant get pulseIn() function to return sensible values for any channel
Does upload using `ICSP`overwrite the bootloader?
Arduino Uno Multiple Modules
Using ESP8266 core for Arduino
How is it possible that my skin temperature is so constant?
Connecting a motor to Arduino UNO Play breadboard
Matlab Arduino Multi Byte Read
How to make Arduino to stop updating i2c data when meet a condition and wait until it receives another serial input from processing?
RF24L01+ VER01 with 10 pins
Practicality of recording speech
Nrf24L01 with Arduino
Compile `.hex` files on Linux
Can I prevent the Stepper library from holding the motor?
Connecting arduino and EV3 using I2C
Avoiding float math to speed up arduino
Arduino Leonardo runs unusually hot
Confusion with ATmega328P and 3.3V/8MHz
Are there any detail examples of Si4463
Arduino micro window focus troubles
How to detect whether connected to computer
Need to buy a new breadboard?
Detection of DS18B20, arduino Mega
using enums in functions
Programming problem I need both if else cases to work but only else loop is running
Arduino continually resets when connected to external power supply, but not USB
The most practical plug socket
Arduino Digital Input. Trigger HIGH by 12V to 36V
Arduino uno simulation software for windows
Receiving serial data in acsii, how to split it.
Arduino sketch taking forever to upload, followed by multiple issues
How to use Arduino Pro Mini without Programmer
Sampling frequency
Arduino GSM receiving text and then storing value as a variable in code
Arduino motor rotation
exchanging data between two hc05 bluetooth modules
How do I display serial monitor on LCD keypad shield?
GPRS/GSM SIM900 Shield not working with Arduino
Convert uint8_t array to ascii character for serial transmission
incoming GSM data stored as variable in code
Burning servos like crazy, what am I doing wrong?
Using IR Sensor to sense movement?
ESP8266 sending GET Request and getting 408 Timeout error
Send a file from PC to Arduino using HC-06 module
Having a problem to control digital servo with HC-06 bluetooth module
Accelerometer IoT
Wi-Fi from Arduino to computer serial COM
Can't retrieve data from X-NUCLEO-IKS01A1 using I2C protocol
Atmega328 xbee and softaware serial libraries
What would be the right way to connect 2 fsr resistors, jumper wire cables and 2 10khm resistors onto the breadboard
Oddness with #define and #ifdef in a sketch
SimpleSDaudio giving a lot of static from speaker
Am I multiplexing my LEDs correctly?
Retrieve value from ThingSpeak using ESP8266 with Arduino setup
How can one use the SPI hardware on the Arduino Nano?
Create own apache web server on Arduino Uno... just like you can on a raspberry pi?
keypad code is not working and produces wrong numbers
avrdude/stk500 protocol error
Motor controller for 24v motor, Arduino Uno
Arduino PRO Mini - The pads [was "jumpers"] on the back and Low Power Consumption
How to port Arduino project using non-core parts of the arduino library to atmel studio?
Arduino to send sms one time only when a button is pressed
Reset as I/O pin
What do I need to make fluffy toys move and talk?
Using a L2938D Motor Driver Module. (Not IC, Module)
Adafruit Flora V2 use onboard and external NeoPixels
Converting RGB from color sensor into the Munsell Color System
Help compiling multiple .ino file code with code! (I'm not sure what to name this)
sensor sampling frequency
Arduinino & Max7219
Arduino IDE get stuck while uploading sketch
How can I connect an 8-relay board without using 8 digital pins?
Arduino IO long distance travel
How can I get ultra clean dc wall power for my arduino project?
Proper error logging using Arduino
Pi3 + ATmega644P: How do I establish a data connection with 1 analog input and 1 digital output left on the AT?
Arduino Uno (or Teensy 3.2) programmatically powering an external USB connection
Arduino relay module working in a wrong way
Arduino uno and ttl laser
Arduino digital I/O pins
How to deal with launch4j error
Can burn bootloader but not sketches... thoroughly mystified!
how to differentiate in code between Sangunio and Microduino core+
Is there a way to replace an Arduino core function without modifying the Arduino code?
How to Change the Output Resolution of Sine Wave Controller
RFID Code (and setup) works on an UNO but not on the Yun
No response from device when trying to communicate with it via RS-232
No Response from ESP8266 WIFI
Parallel Chaining of APA102 LED matrices
How much code can an Arduino board run?
ESP8266 pin multiplexing possible?
Get MP3 play length
What is a flag in programming Arduino?
Help! Interfacing LCD with Arduino using 8255A Intel peripherals
Reading SD card with Sparkfun MP3 Shield
Connecting to WIFI using esp8266
Wake up from sleep from pressed button?
Communication between IC and microcontroller (Teensy 3.2)
Air data rate nRF24L01
MQ7 Readings are too high
Draw polygon on LCD from GPS latitude and longitude
BMP280 returns 0
A4988 stepper motor driver, arduino UNO and Haydon linear actuator
'Keyboard' not found when trying to use Keyboard.write from the <Keyboard> library
When should you worry about interference affecting the analog input?
Arduino Nokia 5110 graph
Are there fixed connectors for gpio?
Is it possible to start audio playback when headphones gets plugged in?
Arduino/ESP8266 no SPI data coming from MCP3008
Find number in a reply returned via serial
Reading two sensors at different frequencies... multiple Timer3?
Digital input pin voltage treshold (voltage to register 1 or 0)
PWM on non PWM pins
Is it possible to use AWS and Arduino Uno to upload data from Arduino to a website running on my localhost?
RGB Led strip pot control burned my arduino?
Measure different Vcc using 1.1V bandgap
Erratic readings on Analogread with low voltages
ESP8266: Is it safe to use pin 0?
ESP8266 blink not building to esp-01
Unidentified constant value
UNO's digital pin continue to read 1 for a while
How to connect a a three state switch (ON-OFF-ON) to arduino?
Creating an Arduino Tic Tac Toe game
How to use the analog comparator to determine when an analog pin has reached a certain voltage?
Arduino not in sync unique error
PIR sensor and sleep (interrupt) on Mega2560
Did I fry my servo?
build fixed size strings from floats
Is there a way to combine a 3-axis accelerometer/gyroscope into one value?
Hardware Interrupts Issues
Split string into an array of string
Is there an easy way to connect and control 3 servos?
How can I interface HMC5883L compass board to a smartphone with OTG?
Measure current and consumption
Power Arduino from 230v with battery fallback
Use distance sensor to trigger LED strip and stay on while the person is in range
Arduino Nano not showing up in /dev
Can't figure out how to distribute the power
Gesture sensing TV coffee table - what sensors would you use?
DVD drive stepper motors with polulu a4988 on Arduino
ESP8266 sends webpage to client, but html codes appears in browser instead of webpage?
Help with Arduino Due and APA102 LED strip Vs Matrix
Producing a sine wave with the DAC?
memory game arduino
Problem uploading to Arduino Uno
How to read data using Arduino SPI
mqtt library which support softwareSerial on arduino uno with ESP8266
Can I use Visual Studio instead of Arduino IDE?
upcoming voltage from a button
It seems as if there is a 220K pull-down resistor on analog pin 0
Reserve /dev/ttyUSBx
Unable to type in Arduino IDE running on OS X
all in one Arduino robot
Tmp36 spike and dip
How to handle an error in setup()
I want to run jvm on arduino.What minimum configuration do I need?
My code is stuck in a loop involving Serial.read. How can I break this?
Second I2C address not accepted
Driving numerous chips from 2 separate SPI connectors w/ Arduino Micro
arduino mega overheat when connected to TFT 7" and TFT shield
Visibility of #define between sketch and library
Graphing force sensor data routed through HX711?
STPM10 using Arduino SPI communication
ARDUINO UNO+SIM808(GPS/GSM) SYNCHRONISATION
Arduino struggling to power a large LED strip
NRF24L0 wireless modules
Controlling dynamixel AX12 by Arduino
How to use SIM908-C BY UNV shield
Will I be able to control stuff from anywhere in the world if I use a wifi shield like ESP8266?
Max double value or NAN as a sentinel value?
Is a 9v battery appropriate for a piezo and 1 LED?
Can d2xx connect to an arduino mega 250?
DS1307 RTC not working with CC3000 WiFi shield (I2C bus hangs)
Intel Edison Program Deleted After Power Off
Simple Calculator
Error in using buttons to input numbers!
FHT doesn't work with the example code
Compilation fails with non-explicit error message
How can I connect mysql with Arduino using GSMshield
Arduino Clone - A request for the USB device descriptor failed
Low current in a motor used in a line following robot
How do I use the NRF24L01?
Include Git tag (or SVN revision) in Arduino sketch?
I want to begin with arduino programming
Esp 8266 doesn't reply to AT commands
Nano clone not working over USB, no data, no power, but can power via Vin (CH340 chip? schottky diode?)
Using Arduino UNO to retrieve ATMega328P-PU chip signature
How to not wait for USB to become active?
Possible to "inline" PROGMEM strings into a structure array initialization?
two-in-one switch to operate both #0 and RST on ESP8266?
Ways to implement touch sensitive surface?
Can I short this code?
I need to build a char array from two integers
Cant compile for Uno
Using buttons with Arrays
Test level shifter with Arduino and some data
UNO Power supply to USB
How to Capture Data from a Webpage in Arduino and Display it over Serial Monitor of ESP8266?
Arduino Blocks at Uploading
How can I set 4 Arduino Leonardo PWM-ports between 200Hz and 1kHz?
press windows key using keyboard.press();
Send Photo with Arduino Uno
Parsing using the ArduinoJson library
How to use printf with Arduino's serial ports without an intermediary buffer?
What would the total current requirements be for these items?
Arduino Mega pin conflict
fatal error: ESP8266WiFi.h: No such file or directory
Can Arduino be used as an FDTI Programmer?
My serial Monitor of the Arduino ide does not show up when running Gui?
Can I use arduino's 3.3 V output directly to esp8266?
Example with dynamic array works with uint8_t, why not with uint16_t?
ESP8266 as WiFi for Arduino
Error on Arduino Code (unknown type name 'LiquidCrystal')
AVR has no vprintf_P?
What programmer do I select in Arduino IDE for the ATMEL-ICE ISP?
Three phase sine wave inverter using Arduino
Powering two L298N motor boards with external supply
How to use the timer to generate a pulse wave of the specified frequency and duty cycle
I'm having some undefined references and can't figure out why
ESP8266 Arduino 2.2inch ILI9341 TFT library
Strings that always stay empty
Using a button to cycle an array
Working on a reaction test for the Arduino Uno using an led and an lcd shield
How to monitor a sensor for specific period
Serial Communication Between Two arduinos (Asking and Receiving)
Time Stamping data on an Arduino and reading it on a Java IDE
What is the proper way to send data through http using sim908?
What is the best way to get more RAM for a sound buffer?
Creating date string for error log
Error loading Blink sketch in esp01 (esp8266)
error loading an array of strings
Why ModBus RTU Master-Slave Dont Work
Using two ultrasonic sensors together
How to turn two LED's on and off with one button?
Atmega328P - SCK pin
I’m having a tough time trying to program 2 fsr sensors
Value of joystick reduces when I send it over serial
Using an Arduino to drive a digital RGB LED strip
Do I need 3 voltage dividers to control ESP8266
Is it safe to place a capacitor across vin and gnd?
IR sensor does not work well on carpets
How do I pass an Int Array into void for a foreach loop?
Code doesn't seem to work when trying to program 2 sensors
Is it possible to have an array of int arrays?
How to import data from SDcard on Arduino to the computer using Arduino serial/COM port?
Use of two external power sources for a power cell - charger
Can I use Arduino Nano V3 to program another arduino (Pro Mini)?
Arduino IDE menu doesn't display properly (missing letters)
System Is not Functioning Error. Windows XP, Arduino Uno R3, C# Listen SerialPort
Networking multiple Arduino Megas and updating their programs from one master
Arduino Serial Monitor works but not on PySerial and PuTTY
Send information (such as a string) over digital pins
Power supply change change gps readings?
My Arduino UNO turns LED ON forever when I connect it to my Laptop
error: invalid conversion from 'char' to 'char*' [-fpermissive]
Bluetooth sending values from two joysticks
How do you extend the wires from the arduino board to both fsr sensors to be placed on both chairs (one for each)
ESP8266 does not response
How to calculate the needed voltage and current to supply for Arduino
TFT screen to change sketches
How to request data via I2C?
Burn new bootloader without crystal
Multiplying Arrays
EBay "Development Programmer Board for ATtiny"
How to connect an LED to Arduino LilyPad Mp3
How to use web data from GSM Sim900 to be used as input for Arduino?
Arduino nano to esp8266 level shifting needed?
Running Arduino IDE in terminal?
How to sleep a whole circuit?
ESP8266 reset problem
reading pwm signal doesn't work correctly
Proper use of * and & when passing objects in methods
Voltage divider producing unexpected voltage
How to set float to variable with 7 digits after the decimal point in arduino?
Decreasing large DC motor power usage by coasting
Wifi101 ad-hoc network
Switching Many Switches with one Input
wrong leds lit in matrix display - wrong coding?
Sending data to serial port using Processing IDE (Debug works but run doesn't)
send serial monitor to server and save data in hdd
How to calibrate a load cell?
Standard Arduino kit button caps?
Cannot directly connect Arduino Ethernet to PC
Is it possible to increase the Arduino's input and output pins?
How to put 2 variables in a macro?
arduino teensy no true HI-Z available?
Ethernet shield/WebServer problem: 'server is at 0.0.0.0'. Any suggestions how to debug it?
split serial.readString() output
What is the output of Software Serial .read() function
Is ATMEGA328P the same as 16U2?
Arduino Pro Micro clone clock cycle issue
Reuse Makerbot SMD-2.3 Stepper Driver with Arduino
How do I connect velostat to an arduino?
How would I refactor this code, given how similar most of the lines are?
ESP8266 - CIPSEND & external power supply Hangs program
connect arduino to battery with 12V motor
What does this error mean?? Arduino Due loop warning
Electric interference from cnc spindle
Need Help with Switch Case commands/receiver and lcd screen project?
Arduino Uno's RX and TX lights not blinking. Unable to upload sketches!
Ethernet Shield: Failed to configure Ethernet using DHCP
Getting RGB values from camera
How can I maintain PWM output while still performing other tasks?
Error saying an included library is not
Enabling keyboard feature on Arduino with CH340G
Error on UNOr3--> avrdude: ser_open(): can't open device "/dev/ttyUSB0": No such file or directory ioctl("TIOCMGET"): Inappropriate ioctl for device
Using Blynk to control stepper motor is jerky
BMP280 sensor not initializing
problem in integrating the slave code in attiny 84
Arduino Mousecontroller library doesn't work
Arduino Yun restarts or stalls during operation
Simple memory chip for Arduino?
Unable to upload to Arduino Due using version 1.6.8 of SAM tools; bossac.exe throwing an error
How to store a function in a constant?
AVR-STL Library
How did I burn out this ESP8266 unit?
Different sensor readings on analog input when connected via USB to self-contained/externally powered
How to change baudrate of ESP8266 (12e) permanently?
Digital Pin State - Some 1, Some 0
My Arduino is heating up
Arduino Memory Best Practice
millis() in a millisecond stopwatch
Detect if multiple variables are the same?
Best Actuator to Behavioural Positive/Negative Feedback on Cat
Can the Arduino interface with USB devices without the USB host shield?
Will Arduino Pro Mini 3.3V run at half the speed of 5V version?
2 Direction Motor
Led blinking in the loop in condition
Manual TCP connection using WiFi ESP8266 module mistyped command
Can you send binary data to arduino AtMega328p?
Wifi rssi converting char[] to uint8_t
How do I solve error 516 : Broken Pipe with HC-05 and arduino?
Capacitive sensor switch
Is there a way to pause Program execution?
what units do Mouse.move() use?
Purpose of extra holes for pins or Arduino clone
3 square wave pulse by 120° phase shift and 3 inverted of each by Arduino
Delay function not working as intended
Mass Storage with Arduino Uno and LUFA
Arduino components for smartening my current doorbell
Arduino with wifi shield and 5AA batteries current draw
EEPROM - Storing Static Data
Possible Arduino Uno c++ compiler bug?
Over voltage protection for Arduino
Arduino SoftwareSerial - can't get data from NEO 6M-GPS module
Connecting Arduino to internet through HC-06 and then smartphone
Current Arduino STL Libraries
Arduino + WiFi 101 Gerber Files
Uploading codes
Arduino uno, 2x parallax continous servos (BOE), wifi shield power draw
How to implement an alternating current using only two PWM pins on STM32 Nucleo L053R8?
Serial is freezing arduino
Use terminal command to verify software
serial to parallel and nixie clock
Unable to reset arduino with RESET pin
Opening webpage using ESP8266 in Arduino
Cannot connect device with nRF8001 Bluetooth LE to Windows 10 PC
Find remote ip address TCP
Can this Motor shield support other arduino functions?
Arduino IDE unable to see serial connection on OS X El Capitan
Program around this while loop not working as expected
Connector for I2C sensor
Arduino Pro mini to CH340G Connection problem
How do I use Microduino (mCookie) on Linux?
Arduino Morse decode Project suggestion and rectification required?
How to serve multiple connections with an ESP8266 and an Adruino?
Arduino shuts off and doesn't turn on after couple hours
How to convert voltage to current from ACS712-20A?
Arduino Nano clone doesn't fit into breadboard. How can I work around this?
how to upload arduino program via Android
upload real time ultrasonic sensor data to pubnub using arduino and esp8266
Are there any online data analysis websites for arduino IoT projects?
Can you pass params to an arduino sketch?
Programming an Arduino over the air using an ESP8266
Sending binary data to HTTP server
Inherent delay running EEPROM.read()
Low byte fuse programming of atmega328 of arduino uno
How do I turn off the blinking cursor/caret in the Arduino IDE?
Can't store time over 9 hours and 10 minutes
Trying to print text on LCD display from Arduino trinket
Range of Offset Value in pH sensor module?
IO Control and Configuration
Getting Firmata to control WS2801 LEDs
How to write IF/Else using a threshold range of values
Question about number of sensors for Arduino Mega
Arduino Wifi/Wemos Wifi D1 adding &t=0 to simple GET request
No Response to AT commands
GPS timestamping of digitized voltages from geophones
Use doorbell output (12VDC) to power arduino?
Serial Communication to WPF (Windows Presentation Foundation) giving me odd results. How do I clear up the Strings I am receiving?
Replacement for #include <pins_arduino.h> on particle photon
Arduino tool to enumerate where RAM is being used?
Trouble using lcd.readButtons() in RGBLCDShield library
why are there odd spikes in the USB serial data transfer rates?
Possible to condense this if statement?
Refactor to save bytes?
Removing CH340g chip from Arduino Nano clone.. any issues?
DC Motor Speed Measurement using Rotary Encoder
How to switch on an AC bulb using arduino as well as regular switch?
calling a random function number
convert String to unsigned long long
ESP8266 Battery Monitor
Pin toggle speed
Where could I find the "Serial.find()" source code?
How is a 41KB char array filling up 256KB of program memory?
Problems With Fading Through Neopixel Colors
Ughh... My Arduino Code ain't workin'... And i just couldn't see any problems... Any thoughts?
Slice byte-stream into bit pieces
How to use Arduino as RC Receiver
teensy as a keybooard throws error as keyboard input
LED color for outdoor project
Adafruit GPS module with SoftwareSerial affecting servo signals
Looking for a wireless soil moisture sensor
Why is timer0 the fastest timer in the arduino?
How to connect a phone's camera to an Arduino?
Interrupt numbering
can homemade arduino be powered up with battery?
Problem with programming an ATtiny85: Error - avrdude: Yikes! Invalid device signature
Split Power supply in voltage and gnd?
Can't upload sketch to arduino Uno board
COM+ and COM- to RX and TX
Camera switch with ov7670 to output standard A/V signal - composite
Moisture sensor data will not output data to Serial Monitor?
RS485 Multimaster Communication with collision avoidance
Arduino IDE "Tools > Serial Port" grayed out (Ubuntu)
Using Sprintf() to left pad a string?
What is VREF pin?
Sending a text message through a arduino wifi shield
Power motor with Uno
Can an arduino tell between being powered by USB or by the jack?
How to 'label' module using electric techniques
AVR dude not working in javaFX
What happens if I draw too much current from ATMEGA IO pin?
Works for 2-3 hrs, then LED blinks rapidly - Sleep Mode and Watchdog timer wakeup
Arduino I/O Shield relay won't switch
ATSAMD21 sleep + watchdog?
sending room temp data from multiple esp8266's to Mega 2560 to control CH gas boiler
Arduino Leonardo based h keyboard
How to bootload a atmega328-pu using arduino uno?
Is this a proper implementation of FreeRTOS for Arduino?
Creating a library
Is it possible to connect 2 ultra sonic sensors to 1 arduino?
Weird characters in Serial Monitor and not functioning ESP8266 ESP-12e
AI thinker AT firmware
How to filter a blank line received over serial - ESP8266
What is more power efficient: GPRS or SMS for a GSM sim Arduino application?
problem using GSM shield and GPS shield in one Arduino UNO R3
Can I do speech to text converting with arduino?
Building Multidimensional Arrays from simple arrays
Using HC-05 to play a sound on an app
Arduino: put string through variable in array
How do I power my Arduino Micro directly?
Board info: Unknown board
I am not able to compile,libraries missing
Sound or motion activated long term battery powered Arduino
Why is my potentiometer giving strange reading?
Generate particular pulse using Arduino
Arduino nano is not working
Syncing/taking external clock for SPI on Arduino Due
ATTiny85, how to fix overwritten clock pins?
Arduino/Genuino not in board list
Motion triggers email or text
Is my HC-05 broken?
MQTT and IR code Raw
Customize FTDI driver for custom PID and VID
Accessing configuration registers of OV7670 cam on i2c
Adruino Yun's Linux environment not working
How to determine Flash size?
Powering 3 servo motors and Arduino Uno with one 9 V battery
PID control arduino
Sketch not running as expected
Porting ATMega8 AVR based program to Intel Curie Processor
GSM GPRS for sending an sms
How to upload one program into several Arduinos at once?
Accepting strings and integers via UART
How to handle multiple simultaneous Arduino development environments?
Is it possible to run 2 functions, that communicate with 2 different serial devices, in parallel using FreeRtos library?
wifi failled connection with yun and after upgrading openwrt
Printing Time to Serial Port
Router with arduino
Arduino original motor shield can not supply enough torque to the motor?
CC3000 gets wrong address when connecting to wireless AP
Arduino Nano (clone) not recognized
Arduino Geeetech Voice Module - CoolTerm not responding to commands
What is the protocol that uses ROS with arduino?
I just bought a TFT screen is it still possible to use the serial port 1 and 0?
LED Pin 13 Input or Output?
Which (Official) Arduino IDE to use?
Arduino IDE/Visual Micro - Undefined reference to constructor
Two-wire communication (I2C) between Arduino Micros
Using the Logging library, sometimes doesn't exit setup()
80 Apple Homebuttons and a steppermotor
IF, ELSE IF functions not working with analogRead
MIDI controlled analog RGB LED strip (code problem)
How do I read from /dev/ttyACM0 in Linux without a terminal emulator?
Is it possible to receive a 9 bit protocol on the Arduino Uno with Arduino?
How to rewrite code in millis?
Read int from Serial
TMC26XMotorTester:44: error: 'TMC26XStepper' does not name a type
GikFun Arduino Nano locking up on serial I/O
I feel like an idiot, why can't I make a servo move with the boilerplate code?
Circumventing overflow error by pushing data into computer?
Why doesn't my LEDs turn on?
message received from GSM contains parenthesis instead of curly braces
Is it safe to power the Uno with 18v?
How do I lock a servo motor?
Avoid the 10 attempts of Avrdude when programmer is not responding
Peristaltic Pump Project
Is the C++ STL fully supported on Arduino?
How do I stop the Arduino TX/RX LEDs from flashing? How do I turn off the "ON" LED?
Problems running several Arduinos off of one HC-05 Tx pin
Why can't the OCR1A register be set to 1 to get a 8MHz PWM?
Get value from a website using Yún and a RPi
ESP8266 not able to communicate over serial connection with arduino UNO
Any way to not explicitly include dependent libraries?
ESP2866 and java ServerSocket
Does Serial.read() ever return a character?
How to modulate my IR sensor?
How can I test if pixels are being sent to my arduino?
How to compile an official VS1003 / VS1053 example for Arduino / ESP8266?
Why can't my Arduino IDE recognize serial ports? (Mac El Cap, Ard. UNO)
Pro Micro - Measuring voltage between two pins, without using GND
Send data using Arduino GSM shield GET/POST/PUT?
7 segment with arduino
How to interpret analog values sent to Arduino from line scanner?
Arduino Pi-3 Ubuntu MATE not compiling
RFID/NFC Tag get data from wordpress MySQL
What is the quickest and simplest way for two Arduinos, with network shields, to communicate?
MPU6050 acceleration values not 16-bit?
Arduino and solar panel
How do I read the fuse bits from within my sketch?
Code runs different on USB vs Battery
Arduino OBD library and software serial library
Does serial communication between PC and Arduino has to be in a loop?
What is the sampling-rate of the `analogRead()`?
SIM900A Dual-band Network Serial GPRS GSM Breakout Module pinout
Controlling 2 DC Motors with L293D and 6 V battery pack?
Character array weirdness
trying to use millis()
Is there any reason not to solder power leads to the lugs for the power in socket on the reverse side of a mega 2560 rev 3 board?
Unable to issue any AT commands to BT BLE Breakout Board
counting ADC samples ( using a light sensor)
Attiny cores with SPI support?
MPU6050 code explanation
ADC timer interrupt when ready
Can ESP8266 replace Arduino?
Good Arduino motor drivers
Arduino's digitalWrite, precautions for direct port manipulation?
I just fried my Arduino on a breadboard. Can I still use the breadboard?
How to connect Wi-Fi shield ESP-12E-ESP8266-UART-WIFI-Wireless-Shield with Arduino
Safe changes in the Arduino Libraries and use them
Storing integer into character buffer
Button Relay Control
Can an ATtiny print results to a console?
Fan control circuit with Arduino
Add string inputs into an array
Change timeout of `Serial.parseInt()`?
Arduino wire question
Can't play melody and FastLED lights at same time
Serial Request error
Converting an array of uint8_t to a char array
How can you export data to a file in Arduino?
Deploy data online from SD Card on Arduino
Amforth on Arduino UNO
Can I connect a camera without a shield?
Operating two functions simultaneously
The function AnalogWrite is outputting less voltage than digitalWrite on my board
What is the wiring of arduino motor shield to Nano?
Arduino Mega + SIM808 GSM + GPS Module + Program Switch ON without pressing Push Button?
What would be the code for using Arduino UNO to alert by sound or LED when it detects a certain position through GPS?
Making HTTP post and get using Arduino
how to implement PWM LED fading into a random case switch?
is it possible to code microservo automatically stop when the speed of rotation getting slower?
How would you send clock impulses to a camera with an Arduino Mega?
Debugging with an ATtiny?
Motor control using arduino board
Help with getting Sensor Average using Arrays
Variable scope error
How to get data from 9DOF razor IMU directly to arduino mega
Why was the Due retired?
Modbus Protocol RTU
Reading a .csv file element wise
Change range of IR programatically
Gas Sensors with Arduino + Interfacing Circuit
initial power output in the digital io pins of an Arduino controller
Multiple VL6180X distance sensors interactive problem
I need more memory!
SparkFun EL Sequencer does not work
Why connect arduino with Rasberry pi?
Row-columm Scanning to control an 8x8 LED Matrix
Leonardo connect to keyboard on laptop
how do I power my motor shield without an arduino uno?
How to remove SD card safely
Can you access the EEPROM of an ATtiny with Arduino Code?
I2C multi sensors reading on Arduino
MG2639 CELL AND GPS LIBRARIES
Arduino Uno - ESP 8266: sending AT commands via Code
Hooking up the Arduino to a car's 12v
Can I connect a remote control relay to a arduino uno board by disabling the remote control in the relay?
Difference between Arduino IDE giving me headaches
Arduino: Sending SD CSV file online at specific time of the day
Setting the frequency of a timer interrupt
HTTPS Client with MKR1000
Arduino Nano Update failure - avrdude: stk500_recv(): programmer is not responding
74HC595N shift register with separate power supply
Why do I get "invalid operands of types 'const char*'" error?
Why does my lcd screen work fine and then display random characters?
RC Car Hack Issue
how can i fix the error ? stk500v2_getsync(): timeout communicating with programmer
avrdude: ser_open(): can't set com-state for "\\.\COM2"
programming via ISP
Getting POST data into a char array
How can I make push buttons react to being pressed instantly?
How can i receive data from Mega2560 on PC with Visual C#
Thermometer project shows fluctuation due to varying sensor value and voltage
Arduino Wireless SD Shield
Which relay should I use to control the power from mains?
HTTP Requests using Arduino
how do you capture the top value in a fallen edge in analogs data (flex sensor)
Arduino Mega different SPI Pins
Using only Rx pin to receive data from HC 05 and attiny85 (Arduino IDE)
Serial clock for SPI
Wired IoT sensor network with PoE?
How can I control 4 DC motors with an Arduino?
Why doesn't my 1602A LCD display text with this code?
Program does not seem to be passing from setup to loop, or printing to SD card
How can I made my Arduino follow the time exactly?
ESP8266 - Error: unknown opcode or format name 'jmp'
Need help on HC05 and Nano
Piezo not loud enough
trying to discover other nrf24 modules
Lighting LED Strip via HC-06 Bluetooth Module
Is it possible to overclock the baudrate from the mega to 230400 bps?
AVRDUDE Error (Arduino Leonardo)
Overwritten EEPROM
What is using up all the RAM in my program?
Extracting a specific sequence of characters from an array
Would rewriting my code in C help reduce RAM usage?
Unable to create a desired periodic signal with Arduino Mega 2560 and DAC0808
Is the a low memory alternative to SoftwareSerial?
Create a library without a class?
Arduino mega 2560 Stacked with Ethernet/SD card Shield Heat up
Basic Question - ESP8266 Board Pins
Serial available doesn't work right after upload
Remove certain characters from char*
Dynamicly sized array as a class member
How do I use interrupt service routines inside libraries and classes?
ESP8266 to ESP8266 communication using Arduino IDE
Computer to Arduino to hardware, controlling on / off state of hardware via user input on computer
ATtiny85 (Sparfun Clone/Trinket), detect/read operation voltage
Random output on decoding time from LTC audio using arduino UNO
how to send large strings (> 100 characters) from arduino serial monitor
How to convert String to Double?
Arduino Data to Cloud without shield []
Is there a way to set an interrupt to go off after a certain period of time?
Why is there already text in the serial monitor before the Arduino initializes?
How to detect the pulse width from microphone as Input?
Why does this not put my Arduino Mega to sleep?
Building a Vector class in Arduino
Servos Do Not Move to Specified Position
The L LED Keeps Itself On
How to wake up Arduino Mega when in Power Saving Sleep Mode?
Why doesn't the time update?
How can you determine the duration of a timer interrupt?
How to Implement Simple, Quick HMAC on Arduino
Upload code on Arduino Leonardo using command line
Why are pull-up resistors needed?
arduino usb android controller
Timeout error uploading code to Arduino Mega 2560
What is the Arduino compiler's version of `__unused` for function parameters?
How to connect the 3.3v pin of arduino mega to multiple sensors
Where can I find magnetic declination lookup table?
how to use an object of a class within that same class?
Arduino Micro Println prints 0
Particle Electron to RS232 Serial gibberish
bitClear doesn't work on most significant bit
Is it ok to power a Wemos D1 R2 placed outside with a smartphone charger?
I2C: What is the difference between A4&A5 and SCL&SDA pins?
Why can't I declare variables inside an if statement?
How can you check how long a timer interrupt really is?
How can you count the number of interrupts that have taken place?
Atmega2560 + weather station freezing
Renaming pins in sketch
MFRC522 Module Won't Read Multiple PICCs Consecutively
Arduino, 74HC595N, magic
Arduino crashing and rebooting
Two Raspberrys on one Arduino
expected class-name before '{' token
What is the maximum prescaler you can set for an ATtiny85 Timer Interrupt?
nRF24L01+ module fried?
Duplicate a garage door key
How to send AT command to sim800l with SoftwareSerial
Code: Switch case and loop problem
What's up with my code?
Arduino as switch for external circuit
Standalone Arduino with ATMEGA328P / Serial working, but serial programming not (only once after buning bootloader)
Water measuring
serial.write() five sensors and Processing
I/O expander with i2c interface vs Multiplexer
Inheritance not working as expected
Bootloader sequence
GPS is not detected on SIM808 module!
Clearing arduino serial buffer
Read BLE Characteristic Value in Arduino Uno
Arduino Uno - External Power not working properly
Connecting 4 servos, 2 motors, hc-05, sr-04 and L293D to Arduino
Arduino LCD Screen
Audio Input into A0?
Significant drop in speed between Arduino IDE and Visual Studio?
Reduce 5v Trinket Pro to 3.3v?
Relationship between avrdude's "programmer" and bootloaders
Control many devices via Wifi
Arduino Button interference
Calculate time between 2 data of a sensor
Determine Object Heading
Detect movements of a person?
Starter Kit for Arduino Cookbook
How to connect an Arduino with SIM300 and a seperate GPS module?
Generating PWM using Arduino Uno and Simulink (interfacing) pins 5 and 6. What's the maximum frequency?
Does IDLE Mode not power down an ATtiny85?
Detecting distance moved by accelerometer?
Issue with IF statement condition
Calibrating ESC and then using it
I want to generate 10khz frequency on arduino uno pin 9 while reading analog pin A0 while running simulation from simulink model
Distance finder technology 0-24inches
Not able to upload program to "Arduino Due"
Arduino as an automation controller
Average response time of Esp8266 module
Strange RPM Readings on Teensy 3.2
Unable to replicate Arduino code into ATmega8 code
Linker error when trying to use functions in separate header and source files
Ethernet Controlled Arduino Arm
Arduino Uno: Pullup Resistor
How can you reduce the clock frequency of an Arduino Mega?
Want to create bluetooth audio control (volume up/down, play, pause, etc.) for smartphone
How can I generate a sinewave with Arduino Uno?
Sleep and Wake Arduino according to LDR interrupt
Can I connect a camera to an arduino mini?
MPU9250 - Calibration Not Saved with RTIMULib EEPROM Issues
Set PWM frequency to 25 kHz
How can I understand the circuit diagram for Arduino Starter Kit Project 4?
How to properly receive data from accelerometer @ arduino in processing and map it?
MPU6050 hanging/freezing
WiFi thermometers: save different location string as const across many devices
Do I need more voltage to close this circuit?
ADXL345 I2C setup not returning anything
Real time Cross Correlation...?
Arduino Project Power Consumption Calculations
Triggering capacitive touch on a touch device
Serial.println not outputting
Sharp GP2Y0A710K0F IR sensor behaving strangely
RGB LED blinks when analogWrite is low
compare uint8_t to char array
PWM Every Other Pin Doesn't Read
How to communicate from Python to Arduino Softserial
How to pass a static const (progmem) array to a function
cu port always busy on Mac
Access method from main sketch inside class
Is there any way I can connect the RAM of a computer to Arduino?
What does "+=" mean?
What will happen if I keep my arduino on for 24 hours?
Why is there a need to ground a circuit?
What should I learn next in arduino?
How to user timer interrupts for times longer than can TNCTx can keep track of?
100khz square wave with 50% duty cycle
Arduino yun is not creating it's wifi?
Use LDR with 220 ohm resistor
How to simply close a tab?
Selection of presence sensor
Changing the tick time in FreeRTOS
How do I communicate with a sensor via an Arduino's RX/TX ports?
Can I connect and control 12 Arduino's over USB/serial to my laptop?
How accurate is arduino time keeping?
Saving library example sketch getting error "you cannot save a sketch into a folder inside itself.."
Arduino Robot. a function-definition is not allowed here before '{' token
Clearing EEPROM
How can I record something using an arduino and use bluetooth to search those terms on google now?
Wire.h not found!
Arduino 4G LTE Shield
Arduino and a Web Server
Sketch behaves differently when motor driver is added
How can I use wifi to wirelessly communicate (and wirelessly code if possible) between multiple arduinos?
SoftwareSerial error:
Arduino for Weather and Air Monitoring: Casing and Power Source
Communication between two Arduinos over RF module
Passing pointers between setup and loop
Multiple HC-SR04 with one 5v 7805 regulator
Posting to EEPROM via HTML - ESP8266 Arduino IDE
Modbus RTU over TCPip
use more then one timer
Power arduino from 5v rail of pc molex
Make your own Cheap + Value Packed Arduino Starter Kit?
How to call class A's method from class B?
How to send Serial.Print only If Serial Connection is open?
Problems returning char array from function, value gets messed up
Arduino oscilloscope
Connect GPS module (WeeBee) to Arduino Uno
How to wire up and trigger this SPDT relay?
Serial.readString() not working becaue of outdated IDE?
Arduino Uno + cc3000 breakout board - read DOM instead of HTML
Can I connect my arduino ground to an external battery ground? Are they the same when said battery is powering the arduino?
What is the difference between running code with the scope of the void setup() or void loop() vs. outside their scope?
Programming Problem with a hand gesture controlled robot; the analogwrite() function doesn't work
Compile Error for Arduino Mega
How to run stepper motor at its maximum speed
How do I reset an ESP8266 with an FTDI and no reset button?
How to include <SPI.h> outside the .ino file
does eeprom_write_block function of avr.eeprom.h writes a NULL terminated string or we have to manually null terminate it
Controlling a NC connection from two sources?
Potentiometer on motor for position control
HM-10 discovery issue
Not getting data from GPS
Arduino i2c communication between another arduino and a sensor
Unable to communicate between ESP-12E module and mobile through ESP-12E router
Unusual behaviour over serial communication
I want to play a sound based on my ultrason sensor reading
Append to .h file through arduino code
Driving single-character alphanumeric (16-segment) displays
Can you output to D+ and D- so that Arduino Uno can be used as a USB device?
Connect 2 Arduino UNOs via Bluetooth? (HC-05 and HC-06)?
rs485 and serial ISP
Problem with DHT11 and DS18B20 temperature sensors
Using two digits to display a number using TM1637 and a 4-digit display
Bluetooth module as MCU?
How to read and write EEPROM in ESP8266
Understanding flow of current with pull-up and pull-down circuits
PWM output voltage too high
Two Identical Potentiometers, two different results
Passing array to library function
Arduino UNO suddenly stops responding
Using an External ADC with Arduino
How to make "IF "Temperature exceeds" logic to work in same arduino code
Interfacing pc mouse (serial port DB-9)
Strange behaviour with using max
How can I include examples in library?
Cannot read NTAG203 with MFRC522
XBee WiFi: Does it work on the Wireless Proto Shield?
Getting negative results from calculations
HUGE deviation in Sharp IR sensor values if other pins are defined in void setup()
Uno timer 2 set up
Arduino clone changing its serial port on slight physical displacement, even during an ongoing serial communication
Problem in using COZIR W-100 with arduino
How to transmit serial data from laptop USB out to Teensy?
Arduino ADS1115 PGA settings
square wave with serial plotter
Can I close an input?
Making two points on a tm1637 display blink [ Solved ]
Find a time server for NTP to get the current time (EtherCard library)
How is the integration time set for a camera?
Port Not Being Found
Arduino Mega Hall sensor interrupt for a speedometer
Arduino receiving values over serial, but not responding
Is there an easy way to turn integer values to pixels?
Main Idea of Gyro
Why SD.exists() only looks for inside media/realroot on Intel's Galileo?
'serialWrite' was not declared in this scope
Can't assign elements to index in array
Grouping multiple pins to one variable
Moving ATMEGA to 3.3V
Why doesn't this work on a Mega2560 although it works on an Arduino Uno
How to make a Smart Light Bulb?
Running sensor input for given time, stopping, then running seperate scheduled relay output
Arduino fast start not working properly
Cannot enter programming mode on Arduino Uno
arduino + GSM/GPRS SIM 900A cannot able to read a message
Why/when to use IoT publish/subscribe protocols rather then RESTful HTTP?
Arduino PWM fading led in assembly
Best practices for really long distance sensor deployments
Burn bootloader on custom ATmega 2560 board
RFID RF522 kit for access control
How can I get analog-in reading from Digital-PWM-out on the same board?
Converting char array to int
How can you speed up the ADC on an ATtiny85?
Good book/reference for AVR coding in pure C/C++?
How to control a DC Motor with Hall Encoder using Arduino and Motor Driver?
What speaker can you drive with output pin?
not getting proper bitstream output in serial monitor using digitalRead
Informations lost in a string
PCINT with my arduino UNO says redefinition of 'void __vector_4()'
Reading Multiple switch inputs
Arduino Quadcopter problems
Single #include pulls in all libraries
Audio sampling and serial communication
Sending Arduino data to MySQL using phpMyAdmin and XAMPP using Windows10
Code example SPI multiple slaves Arduino DUE
Complete Bread board arduino
send mixed data over serial
Arduino Uno and ESP01: can't issue AT commands [Solved]
Oxygen sensor up to 50%
Receiver Module Second Data Pin
Trouble reading analog (PWM)
Bizarre behavior, loop function affects setup function
Sparkfun Can-Bus Shield example not working
Precise rotation (steering direction to a given angle) on obstacle avoidance robot
ESP8266 Web Server Crash + Arduino IDE
Programming Arduino With Python
Accelerometer Z Value off a significant amount, all other values reasonable
Using an external interrupt alongside serial
NodeMCU Arduino set PWM Frequency to specific frequency
Arduino Dim RGB LED
Does anyone have a data sheet for MC16-0072
ACS712 Not working correctly with Arduino
Storing an array of function pointers
ATMEGA328 SPI MCP2515 - SPI communication freezes at certain point
Serial Monitor listing rapidly
RC522 RFID reader doesn't read NTAG216 chip
I bought an Arduino WDLduino uno board
If - else statement in Arduino
Why send my Arduino sometime Hex and sometimes the wrong?
How to use same sketch on two different computers in two different directories
Using micros() to measure analogRead() time varies based on Serial.print location?
ESP 01 - reset settings to default values
Arduino + ultrasonic rangefinder behaving unexpectedly
Which Protocol to use to control WiFi (ESP8266) enabled Led Light
Quadrature Encoder:Interrupts: Reset Count
NeoPixel Blink/Glitch
Why do I get negative voltages for a PWM waveform?
How to send data from arduino to Temp Controller for setting temp?
Which pins of an Arduino UNO can be used as Tx and Rx pins for connecting to GSM GPRS SIM 900A
I have four servos connected to an arduiono uno and I cannot control them
Serial communication between arduino and raspberry pi works once, then stops working
Atmega8 with Arduino bootloader - wrong serial characters
Powering 3.3V Arduino and 12V peripherals from single 12V power supply?
What is the proper way to implement PID?
problem with bitwise OR
Record a duration of time as data
which is the number of bits in a float variable
Bidirectional communication between Arduino and Raspberry Pi over USB possible?
Is it possible to reprogram an atMega328 chip inside of a pcb?
Is it possible to move a servo without knowing it's current position?
ATtiny44 millis() not working with 16 MHz external clock
Bit shifting fails with warning: left shift count >= width of type
Serving binary file with ESP8266WebServer
Arduino WebSocket Client "Connection Failed"
Where can i get touch sensitive buttons with RGB-LED like in Ableton Push
Scale Magnometer to Servo
What's on an Arduino board? Can i build one of these boards myself?
Sampling rate of analog read
I2C communication between 2 Arduinos with updated wire library
Increase the resistance of a photoresistor with increase in light intensity
changing from long to bytes and vice versa
Force compiler to execute instructions sequentially?
Send values to a PHP page using Arduino ESP8266
Can anyone help me spot where my buffer overflow might be occuring?
Relay for controlling a water pump motor
Arduino : How to control AC Motor Speed
Controlling 4 motors using the Arduino Uno
Arduino Robot motors disabled when AnalogInput is connected
Programming an Arduino Mini 05
Arduino Due SRAM
motor does not move without Serial.println
Burn arduino bootloader using ubuntu 16
why am I losing data over serial communication between arduino and pc
Change max and min read value of potentiometer
using millis() for a timer
Motion Tracking Using Arduino?
How do you use an Arduino to control a 4 - 20 mA transmitter?
12 V 6 A power supply for Arduino
Relay switching problem with ATmega328P + 10 relays
Switch statements with Bluetooth serial input not working
Bluetooth module is neither sending nor receiving data at baudrate(115200)
ESP8266 only responds to AT and AT+GMR
How to filter out "jumpy" readings sent using Bluetooth
How to check 8266 module
How to delay outside loop
The Right Com Port (COM 7) is NOT Showing
how does serialEvent work?
Convert a Double to an UnSigned Char
analogRead() takes >400 us on Arduino Zero but ~100 us on Uno, why?
Atmega328p clock and safe operation zone
creating object of another class when initializing an object of a class
can i configure 2 (XBee series 2) modules using one explorer
Doorbell for someone with hearing issues
Arduino: Reading PPM values from MQ-131 Ozone sensor
Problems with Powering Led Project Through Vin Pin
Changing Uid Using MFRC522 Via Arduino Error
How can I reduce the redundancy of this code, so one function can perform the task of printing on Serial and Softserial?
is it possible to control 5 servos with arduino mega?
How do I Read and Write data from a USB stick?
Why does servo library conflict with irremote?
Receive sms on android phone without GSM module
How to volunteer for arduino projects?
Real Time Clock Module Reset
Can anyone recommend a breadboard for the new Arduino 101?
Arduino SPI - MOSI not writing any data but clock works
Using multiple RTC libraries in one program
how to make led fade on and blink while wav file plays
USB connector between Arduino and a lever (switch)
SD Card Info Unexpected
Arduino Micro Cannot get Interrupt 6 work on PIN 7
Cheapest way to change digital output source
Is it possible to connect a camera to an arduino?
Yikes! Invalid device signature. Fail to burn bootloader and read fuses
Why does Serial.print print out the wrong thing?
Shift Register w/ Internal Pullups?
SD test is taking long answer when it fails
Is it possible to use a USB camera with Arduino?
How to get readings on serial monitor in every 10s?
Engine Speed Control Observation
Xbee not activate on arduino micro
Using Arduino libraries with ARM based microcontroller
Array deletion problem
Bizarre transistor behavior and voltage with DC motor in simple circuit
Difficulty with shifting data
Should I control each of the four robot wheel separately or wire two from each side together?
Send button press over RF
Adding Date and Time to existing sketch
Can I use a PIR sensor to turn on an arduino?
Arduino Pro Mini interrupts timer not working
Large values are changed by Arduino when viewing with `Serial.print()`
WDT & Software RESET in ESP8266 + Arduino IDE
is the Arduino shield pinout a standard, so that any Arduino shield can work with any Arduino board
Who makes this cool Arduino display shield, and what model is it?
4 channel Remote Control
Send sensor information to processing
What's with the debug error messages, like VMDPE_1|1_VMDPE?
Help me restructure code for multitasking Neopixel + IR remote + arduino
XBee series 1 or 2?
Stepper Motor Button Press
Data transfer using SPI
Exporting ADC data to excel
ESP8266 - AT Command for Network Requiring Username AND Password
Listen for USB "TX signal received" response on RX
Is Sparkfun's MicroView OLED Arduino module a shield?
Missing Libraries make no sense
arduino ethernet run php from sd card
How do I connect components to the Arduino with a motorshield?
Getting "Undefined reference to vtable for {classname}
Arduino wait for change in value
Custom ATMega 2560 board won't execute Arduino code
Arduino due + mcp2551
Neopixel Painter - Need to change few lines. Not sure where to start
Do I need resistors or capacitors on this relay?
How to detect cancelled download?
How do you change the state of an image on a TFT display when the associated pin changes state?
Chinese CH340 Arduino Uno - Burning stand allone chip
VGAX library only allows 4 colors, library or hardware limitation?
SIM808 module GSM working fine, GPS not working (No GPS ready message on power on)
Arduino uno unexpected void loop stop
Servo Speed Changer with Buttons
How to convert char[] to int with fail\success control?
What does 16u and 128u mean?
Sending data via SoftwareSerial results in garbled reception
Best way to read CSV from SD card and store values by date
calling a timer when a button is pushed
Udp.remoteIP() and Udp.remotePort() calls not working
Manually Declare Global Variable
Read and write on the same node (central) using an RF24 network on Arduino
Can I make so when I press a button on my Arduino Uno board, it will press a key on my computer?
Wifly Library that works with RN171
Constantly read analog in in SWITCH/CASE setup
Limited to 1MP still captures with OV5642 ArduCam Mini + Arduino Uno
How to connect ESP8266 12e directly to Arduino Uno (without shields)
Telit GPRS Module never returning and never timing out for command AT#FTPOPEN
How to use Aiduino module to connect to computer network?
Follow up question to Calling a timer when a button is pushed
Arduino-like ethernet only board?
OTA Update Esp8266 without IDE
SIM808 module: GSM location command (AT+CIPGSMLOC=1,1) giving wrong value after execution of sending message command (AT+CMGS=+91xxxxxxxx)
Reading digital port with pullup via Firmata
ir sender detecting receiver and display
Please explain this adafruit image for connecting a DS1307 RTC
Arduino and A4988
Arduino sketch unexpected behaviour
Solar Power Inside a Car
On UNO, when serial.print to UART pin 11, nothing comes out of pin 11
Blocking Serial Data
How to run servo 180 degrees and stop?
Why am I always getting 48 with serial communication?
Server checkbox not working properly
Printing the messages having problem in SIM 900A to Arduino
Connection of Seeeduino GPRS with relay module
Size of String array
Is possible to concatenate integers?
Arduino UNO HTTPS
Trying to figure out how to use an extension board with Pi
Sending a text/notification with Arduino + ESP8266 Wifi shield
Is it possible for ThingSpeak to show a simple table of all data collected?
Arduino....How to change text on lcd?
Interfacing to scale over RS-232
Can multiple xbees send data to one xbee
Connecting multiple TFT panels to Arduino Uno via SPI?
Generating an 8V PWM signal
Extract data from Weather API to display in LED's
Can anyone help me figure out why this buffer is overflowing? (Updated)
I want to log GPS coordinates using my Arduino and other sensors
Problem Atmel Studio 7 with uploading
Interrupt for traffic light
Is possible to process analogue inputs with variation frequencies in MHz?
How do I convert a float into char*?
Answer power IN from two sources
Control/switching of headphone audio
Basic WiFly server returning unexpected output within web client
Cannot open file with underscores using the SD library
Connect USB cable to GPIO pins on an Arduino Uno
can teensy 3.0 or above run fingerprint scanner fps gt-511c1r?
Cannot access "tools>Serial port" on Kali Linux
straight or 90 deg headers (pins)
Sending data using Bluetooth SPP-C Module without a Breakout-Board
WebSocket client for ArduinoHttpClient conditional if with readString() incoming data buffer
do i need an I/O shield for quadcopter motors
Arduino Driver can I use only PNP?
Why does my servo execute an action in the beginning when the odds are almost 0?
Using interrupts for two MCP23017
Simple interrupt
LED Strobe based on switch press through Arduino
How to handle low temperatures using Arduino Uno?
Using Arduino Yún to send data through Ethernet
How can I convert PID correction values to an PWM brushless command?
How to connect a thermostat to an arduino via USB
do i need to also connect GND and 3.3v
SPI MCP23S08 to Arduino: strange stop/start behaviour
Confusion about PNP transistors
Arduino - RF 433 Mhz transmitting string and but receiving ASCII values of those characters
Steppermotor+Arduino Mega+ Adafruit
Declaring literal strings
Arduino Due - using built in ADC as a DSO causes issues at high frequencies (kHz)
How do I read numbers from a serial sequence
Bluetooth radio control of a motor
Arduino Micro: how to switch off its blue power LED?
Arduino as a custom I2C slave device
Nano onboard "test" LED blinks when powered via 5V pin
ESP8266 stuck in flash mode?
analogRead values all over the place, while measuring light
How to structure data for HTTP upload
Frequency generator
Installing Pyserial
Software Serial and multiple shields for Arduino Uno
Simple IR Receiver code
Error when using buzzer and IR sensor
Parse HTTP Request Arduino
Connecting external mic to the Teensy
Arduino Serial library (Synchronous or Asynchronous?)
nRF24L01+ packet loss caused by Arduino reading and communicating with sensors
IR basic connection
Homemade fan - motor madness
What are the Ramps pins on my Arduino mega?
ESP8266 does not respond after changing baud rate to 9600
Pros and Cons of using a non-pointer class object
No data from U-Blox Neo-6M
Talking to Eurotherm 2416 temperature controller over modbus rs232
Building an AtMega328p from Transistors
Using two software serial - two UART
Can't display text on LCD 1602
pH ORP sensor esp12 esp82666
code wont upload to arduino starter kit
Uno R3's a4 and a5 not working after installing itead SD Shield 3.0
Arduino Saint Smart Chapter 7 Tri Color Module
Help understanding SoftwareSerial recv() and PCINT
WiFi Password Safety
Atmega328p - PCB ISP pins for bootloader and sketch upload
Arduino Mega 2560 Only Powers on with USB
Board and library updates required caused an error
Programming arduino using avrdude from command prompt
How do I split a number into individual digits?
Pass templated function as attachInterrupt parameter
Testing Logic Gates using Arduino
Arduino servo seems to time out after code runs for some amount of time
How to control 12v water pump by arduino?
Initialize a class (HX711) within a class with constructor and parameters
Controlling an OSX app by Arduino
Webserver on Arduino: Refresh issues
Webserver on Arduino: How to 307 temporary redirect
Cannot upload sketch to Arduino Nano
Sending data via bluetooth
Can't use enum as function argument
How to code for cascading multiplexers?
Arduino 2560 as an Interface to 4 Serial Hardwares
Connect to Arduino 2560 using a RS232 Connection
Releasing gas from a bottle via Arduino - opening a valve?
Water valve for food
Serial Port greyed out Ubuntu 16.04
UVB sensing with Arduino
help with arduino programming
SIM900 TCP Connection issue
A lot of "undefined reference" errors
How to increase voltage of Arduino?
How to convert Arduino GSR values to microsiemens?
build simple IR sensor with 220 ohm and 1000 ohm resistors
IDE will not open in Windows 10
Serializing data created by ATTiny85 for use on PC
Esp8266 firmware update with uno "chip sync error"
most effective ( progsize/speed ) SD card usage
Lowering delay when sending multiple SMS
FastLED int + float problem
how to find find out capacitance using time constant?
Identifying Bootloader ttyACM# device
How to code for cascading multiplexers?
switch pump on with transistor, mosfet, or relay
Reading Two Quadrature Encoder using a single Arduino Due
Send RF 433MHz data to Domoticz RfxCom with protocol X10 from Arduino Nano
Low memory error using SD card
How does if(serial) work, a c++ question
A question about resistance measurement with arduino
Powering multiple Arduino shields
Arduino-Pyserial communication on Python 3, Windows machine: Pyserial.write() doesn't seem to do anything
IDE 1.6.10 on LinuxMint 17.3 Cinnamon
LED bar graph script not working
Set EEPROM from PC before program
Problems with running multiple ESC
[Arduino UNO]Receive Serial Data from multiple sources
Power ESP01 in forest
Is the Arduino bootloader really the Atmel bootloader? Can I use Flip to upload?
How to configure 2nd Quadrature Decoder IO pins in Arduino IDE
NodeMCU : Input pullup in A0
Sensirion library for SHT7x humidity sensor
What is the variable pot exactly for in arduino sensors boards?
External power supply?
Supplying power to arduino by 5V and 2A adapter
Atmega328P and Arduino Studio and Pololu AVR - not working
EPS8266 ESP-01 Blue led stays lit unless 3.3v logic divider is bypassed, works when reconnected
How to connect Arduino to headphone jack?
Inexpensive way of connecting a lot of modules on a distance
User-Agent question
Ignore event until x minutes
Delaying pushbutton input to microcontroller while it's busy processing I/O
Keeping track of the number of rotations of a stepper motor
Connecting Bluetooth module to Arduino Uno without RX/TX pins
can i unplug my Arduino project when i'm done installing the libraries and it still work the way it did when it is plugged in
Problem with wrapping Adafruit Motor Controller function calls in a class
SOLVED: Soft Power On SIM900 module - JP pads missing!
Receiving live astronomical coordinates on Arduino Mega using telnet and ESP8266 wifi module
Arduino micro program not uploading
NFC 'dynamic' UID database
Issues graduating to AVR-C
Strange adding behaviour
interrupting an interrupt
Why is one LED more luminous (brighter) than the other?
Sketches won't upload to Uno
Arduino - stepper motor wrong steps number
Arduino Uno VIN 2A
connecting two keypad with arduino
Arduino which library for led 4x20
How to power Arduino and shields with 4 rechargeable AA batteries?
How do I find names of components I don't know?
How to interface an arduino to load sensor with darlington transistor?
Powering a 12v lock with batteries, via WiFi, and with low energy consumption
How to convert bool array to byte?
ESP8266 Showing junk data while running local WiFi connect
DMX dimmer appears to receive data from Arduino but connected lights do not respond
Why isn't this pushbutton program working?
Arduino program does not start when plugged in
Start to build a robot
Compilation Error
Serial characters are corrupted
Use a 2.8" TFT with my Leonardo
How is IF( object ) evaluated? Follows from SD card example sketch
Why can't the Atmel ATtiny family delay over a minute?
How to use relay shield to control dc motor speed and direction?
SIM900 random shutdowns
Arduino servo motor on pushbutton
Arduino audio output circuit
Using logical operators
Pneumatic cylinders with sensors with Arduino Uno
Circuit with buzzer not working :(
Arduino round to nearest 0.5
Problem with code for IR remote controlled robot
How to turn servo to a specific location and then turn over
POST data from Arduino to website
connecting 3.3V to +3V
Voice recognition module: avrdude: stk500_getsync(): not in sync: resp=0x00
millis() function always returns same value
Arduino MCP23S17 I/O Expander (SPI)
Powering Down Arduino MKR1000
How come my code does not wait for a specific time before going into an if statement?
Gas Sensor Library for Proteus
TCS230 Low Pulse Length with Arduino
Can I convert 3.7V to 5V's using 3.3v to 5v converter
Pin 0 (62) you are trying to use is not supporting interrupts
Arduino Mega LCD
Why does this Arduino Pro Mini use a capacitor on the DTR reset line?
Posting data with ESP8266 module?
Why so different not connected analog inputs?
Sketch does not work without delay() or other complex functions like digitalWrite()
How to encode resistance change (reed) for Arduino?
Perform function after a period of time
Interrupt driven serial in Arduino Mega
How to increase SD card write speed in arduino
Arduino connection confirmation
How often can I ping an HC-SR04 ultrasonic sensor?
Why does HC-SR04 return 0s in this sketch
Is there any way to prevent Arduino CLI from closing each time?
Weird OneWire bus problem
How can I define a port extender MCP23s17 pin in Arduino
OOP vs procedural programming on arduino
Arduino zero Error: unable to find CMSIS-DAP device
How does Arduino decide when to go into flashing mode and normal mode?
How to split a string into substring Arduino
Arduino nano digital pins not working with external power source
Why do my temperature sensor values become inconsistent when additional hardware is added to the board?
HTTP Post not working
how to use capacitive touch keypad without using CapacitiveSensor.h Library
max7219 chained display showing text only on the first display
Arduino Wire.h library: how to communicate with an LCD?
Can MP3 be sent to SPI of Adafruit Music Maker Arduino shield instead of from its SD card?
Is Adafruit Arduino Feather M0 WiFi compatible with Adafruit Music Maker shield?
What SMS can send to switch LED?
Arduino I2C long string
"avrdude: stk500_recv(): programmer is not responding" when uploading sketch
The most effective way to format numbers on Arduino
Sending LCD commands to a slave micro
Wiring LED strips in parallel & ground
Servomotor losing its connection right after being connected to Arduino
Faster and lighter approximate timing code without using timer
No power_usi_disable() on Arduino Uno
arduino uno board
How much time does the Arduino need to call a Function or to read a Variable?
How to change Arduino Nano MODEL_ID
How to use Serial Monitor without Arduino board?
How do I know if bootloader flash was successful?
Wiring ESP-05 to Uno
Why does the current drop through a multiplexer?
Absolute noob looking for troubleshooting help
WizNet W5100 not connecting to modern switches and routers
Arduino Due SPI will not loop
Can i supply the AREF pin with an Analog pin from the same board?
Connection of arduino to java Netbeans
Arduino MPU6050 Control 2 Servo
MySQL Connector/Arduino insert data from row into an array
externally powering the Arduino questions
Sending data from Arduino w/HM10 to relay board with hm12
How to serially communicate arduino uno to PIC18f4550?
Arduino Nano stuck on uploading
EthernetUdp2 does not name a type
Which Barcode Scanner to be used with arduino in India
Uploading a sketch causing an error message in Arduino Uno
Is there any way I can stop the Arduino Mega 2560 from resetting all variables after losing and reconnecting power?
What if I just connect 5V DC to my UTP?
Controlling 12v DC LED strips using Arduino UNO
MQTT Callback function don't called
How to insert a power button on Arduino Nano
Problems with transmission between ATtiny85 and Arduino Uno with 433MHz RF modules and Manchester
Cannot power up Arduino Uno + Ethernet Shield with other than computer USB
Uploading .hex to ATTiny13 using Arduino
HC 08 Module with Arduino Uno
How to purge incoming Xbee packets from the buffer?
How to control cold to hot (blue to red gradient) RBG LED strip/bulb with a rotary encoder?
Minimal Arduino using ATmega32U4
Help with usbasp pinout
digitalPin giving lower voltage than Vcc
Find RSSI of Mobile Device Without Connecting
Strobe Frequency Calculation, how its done?
Is it possible to program an ESP8266 12F using an Arduino Nano?
Arduino Wire.h send double to lcd
Understanding memory fragmentation due to char arrays in functions
Motor Shield and HC-06 Bluetooth Module competing for pins
Arduino Due ( Atmel Microcontroller) IC Heat up and led goes off
Best way to assign value to lot of variables
Controlling a digital 12V addressable RGB led strip with Arduino?
How many sensors can be supported by a single Arduino unit?
Should I buy a retired Arduino?
Arduino project feasibility
A more elegant way to deal with timers without using delay()?
Arduino Leonardo isn't detected by Linux Mint on serial port /dev/ttyACM0
Can I use a DAC with an L293D driver?
Identify connected PC per Arduino
Camera VC0706 not found
Arduino Accessing a web page
Using softwareserial with a TFT, how can I use a variable to position cursor?
Reading an MCP23S17 I/O expander port with the Arduino SPI library
How to expand program memory on an arduino?
Wifi networking with ESP8266 (NODEMCU version)
LED pin 13 not flashing properly
use more no of batteries for more current for servos,why using motor shield?
Do I need to supply the 12V connection to an HDD
How can I replace pulseIn with interrupts?
Power measurement on Pins
Combine DHT22 and SI114X.h
DHT22: Library and Data accuracy
How can a USB keyboard emulator (TrinketKeyboard) type Unicode characters?
Is Arduino stable enough to use it for a door lock?
Arduino Keyboard - print() works but println() does not
How can I determine how many bytes an I2C master read from my Arduino acting as I2C slave?
How should I organize a 3-day Arduino beginners course?
Help with a Memory Issue
Will this SensorHub work?
Turning my GPS logger shield off and on
What power supply should I use?
RFID stops working when I place the servo
PWM generation for inverter by Arduino
Design considerations for creating an Arduino 'shield' shield to limit EMI
producing sine wave variable in amplitude and frequency
XBee Shield Arduino External Power Issue
Arduino IDE programming help
Using a lot of interrupts on a single Arduino
GCC msg "note: in definition of macro 'max'" error message
Controlling 5 DC motors with Arduino
Soldering issue with arduino
Arduino running at 8MHz with external crystal
dns lookup only works with DHCP and not with static setup (EtherCard library)
Port D isn't Working as Input
Help with MPU-6050
How to increase current in Arduino uno?
SIM900 module not responding on hardware COM port
Is applying 5 volts to LED dangerous?
Why have resistor at end of circuit cycle if GND dissipates final energy?
Multiple transmitters and problem with ref
Is it safe to use the same power source for Arduino and its Motor shield?
FreeRTOS: Object not created properly from within task
Can't connect to my Arduino via W5100 Ethernet shield
Controlling a capacitive touch screen that doesn't have I2C/SPI
Nordic nRf905 (433MHZ) with arduino receive garbage data
How can I read Data from 150 Arduino Serially to a Single Arduino to display it via serial port.
Powering ESP8266 from Leonardo's 3.3v pin
Is Arduino WiFi101 library fully compatible with Arduino MKR1000 with WiFi HW?
DIY Arduino technical difficulties
Garbled serial from GPS device
What's Leonardo 5V pin current limit?
Using an Atmega8 Chip with an Arduino Uno instead of an atmega328
Transforming from analog output to speed and acceleration with gy-61
Error while installing bootloader ATmega328
Trying to read analog signal with digital pin using outside ADC
Can you save data to EEPROM using firmata?
Trouble reading LM35 with long (?) Ethernet connection
Detecting mutual contact between balls
CS5211AGP wireless RF transmitter (433MHZ) address decoding problem
Is my MQ-2 gas sensor analog or digital?
Why are my objects losing their member's values?
Will unnecessary Serial.print() statements slow down my program?
can u plz check my code whats the problem in it
analogRead DC Motor - Negative value
AnalogRead from voltage divider ladder
ArduinoDue - Matlab: SerialUSB.write() sends ASCII?
Question of proper usage for F Macro
Arduino only addresses 3 LED at a time
Reverse DC motor direction every second automatically
Can I power my Arduino Uno with a 9V / 990mAh battery?
I need to power some coils sequentially, can someone help me with the code?
Using arduino uno as a battery charger timer
Difference between DS1307 and IN1307N, I am using RTClib for making rtc module using IN1307N getting RTC is not running
Way to use other baud rates in console or different input/output rates
Weird Arduino LED behaviour
How do I repeat a piece of code
Arduino SPI Communication with H3LIS100DL accelerometer
Arduino programming through HC06
Arduino relay. risks?
Using two references in the same ADMUX
Problems burning bootloader on custom ATMEGA2560 board for High-powered model rocketry
Seamlessly loop through LED's - Shift Register
Can I create a serial.read command with the arduino code alone?
Serial ports(in 1.0.5 & Port in 1.6.11) is greyed out under tools
where to get Arduino WIFO101 library that supports WiFi.beginAP() on board MKR1000
Arduino code won't upload with Ethernet Shield attached
where does access point's IP address come from for sketch AP_SimpleWebServer.ino in Github WiFi101 examples
How to turn I2C Sensors on and off with an Arduino Mega 2560?
Use photocell as digital input
Controlling buzzer with assembly
Creating a Library Help with errors
How to blink LED's unsynchronized?
Logging without IDE
Cannot ping ESP8266's IP address from a computer on the same network
How to read Arduino voltage
AnalogRead(0) always returns 0 on RFduino
analogRead problem
Debugging my created Library - Error - request for member ... which is of non-class type
Is my atmega2560 schematic correct?
Avoid global variables with classes
How can I move these global variables to be
code for automatic door
Arduino is freezing during Serial.Print() while passing a char array
Using VMA-02 / KA-02 Sound Shield to get line-in input on arduino
How to count the number of button presses then play a sequence?
Coin Acceptor CH-925 Pulse
Can't upload to Arduino UNO (kuman UNO)
Can't upload to my Arduino UNO
Trying to Serial.write RAW code properly
Performance tuning PORTB manipulation - mask
Voltage increasing when charging a battery using arduino
How to make PCA9685 work with Arduino Due?
7-segment display code
Nano resets or freezes on calling a function
Are all the pins on Arduino shields available for use?
Changing the mode when pressing/holding down a buttton
Exception 29 ESP12E Arduino
check string for specific characters?
Code will not run when Serial Monitor is not open
Thunderstorm triggering button press?
Problem using an array inside a switch statement
LCD 16x2 Blank Display
What are the logical errors in this piece of code?
How I can use multi sensor in one code in Arduino?
How to correctly serve a webpage from an SD card
Is it possible to power this 12V Wind Speed Sensor with a 5V battery?
How to attach Arduino MKR1000 to a shield meant for Arduino UNO?
Detecting ground distance through rubber
Converting uint8_t to String - unexpected result
how to get an unofficial WiFi Shield to work?
I swear this worked yesterday!! - mysterious compiler error
Can we write text file to SD card that can also be read in windows?
Unable to interface AD7705 (SPI) with Arduino
using an ESP8266 shield on my Arduino Uno R3 with an unofficial library
External 5V Power and USB Serial
9V Vin powered Mega - 3V instead of 5V
What's the difference between #define and const int when declaring a pin?
EEPROM bytes preset to 255 while programming
Cheapest and easiest Arduino board for 12 bit ADC, thinking of M0
Arduino Parse data serially on VB
Accelerometer sample code
433M modules w. soldered 34.6cm antenna, first test
Need help modelling and coding a feedback scenario
Stepper motor shield compatibilty question
Communicate with ESP8266 RX/TX
Connecting an optris to an arduino uno to send and receive hex strings
Crosspack instead of Arduino IDE, how to include Arduino.h
Cheap ATtiny programmer on Debian
How to read Ultrasonic sensor value to use and drive servo motors
RF24 - Split data in payloads at sender and then rebuild on receiving end
Advanced ADC setup on Due (SAM3X8E) to increase precision
Applause reactivity
Delay In receiving data when SoftPWMBegin(); is used from SoftPWM.h library
Is it possible to run Python embedded in Arduino?
ESP8266 - How to know if incoming connection is from AP or station network?
Wrong microcontroller found on Arduino Leonardo
Is it possible to charge a battery using a water flow sensor?
Arduino Due works perfectly on Windows but doesn't on Linux (SAM-BA operation failed)
Use an electromagnet for reading induction as well
ISR halts in DUE
Problems with Ultrasonic Sensor
Making three led's blink at different times in Arduino
ESP01 PROBLEM: ip not showing up
ISO C++ forbids taking the address of an unqualified or parenthesized non-static member function to form a pointer to member function
Water level Detection using Ultrasonic Sensor and arduino
Sending IR via a wire
In-application programming for the Arduino Uno
Serial Communication Not Receiving Entire String
Making three LED's blink at given times
ATtiny serial.print() crash with INTs
Possibility of installing custom firmware from Arduino Uno R3?
Motor running slowly when connected to digital pins, but fine with 5V pins
Sending textual and nontextual data simultaneously across a serial port
Atmega328p programming with Arduino libraries
Arduino Mega 2560 from .org- which IDE works?
WiFiClient.connect() does fail all the time (ESP8266 Core for Arduino)
How avoid TCP packet fragmentation?
How do I convert a program made on Notepad to my Arduino on Proteus
Arduino Uno outputs 8V when pin is set to HIGH
Individual control of multiple RGB leds
Sensors to measure wrist bending
Help avoiding floating point math
Arduino box stops working: Reading RFID tag and sending data over network
Is it possible to hookup two ultrasonic sensors to one Arduino Uno unit?
Serial Communication Between 3 Arduinos Doesn't Work (Daisy-Chain)
Arduino mini pro as ISP for Atmega329P-PU serial monitor failing
Errors in code, LM35 temperature logging to web server
AVR (Arduino Uno) Serial.print and Serial.println only printing 1 or 2 chars
Why is LED lid when pin is set low?
Use transistor to press button on external device
Good voltage and resistor value for string of LEDs
Determining if an LED on another device is on
Object can't get the right value of its property
Arduino Due: multiple TCS sensors
Pinball - "All Lanes Lit" Bonus score is not behaving as expected
Using an LM339 IC as a motor driver
How do i test whether my code fulfills the timing requirement?
Interfacing arduino with LabVIEW
Sending uint16_t over I2C
ESP8266 GET REPLY ERROR 501
control multi adruino over the internet
SD card shield not working on 3.3v
options for wireless data broadcasting to hundreds of nodes
How can I tell how large my program is?
Object Array using Inheritance
FreqMeasure.h uncompatible with my code problem
Need help with 2X3 matrix for braille
Arduino Rubber ducky?
While condition with & bitwise of PINx read
Is there a library to use Amazon IoT services on any Arduino?
How do I program my Arduino Yun Shield when I keep getting this AVRDUDE error message?
Unable to analogWrite to MOSFET properly (IRLB3034)
Able to make continous music loop in Arduino and control the volume of the music with light sensor reading?
Pass custom element of an array from an inherited class to main sketch
Multi Agent Systems
Analog read negative voltage inbuilt protection
How to prevent Wire.requestFrom from hanging?
Receive data from multiple wireless sensors simultaneously
ble_write slows down my sketch causing problems (Blend Micro & NRF8001)
No connection with XBee radios on Arduino board
Attempt stacking 'CAN-BUS' and 'USB Host' Shields on Mega 2560
Connecting Saleae Logic 8 to MISO (pin 12) on Uno 3 w/ NRF24L01+ halts program
What is the maximum length an Interrupt Service Routine?
Arduino FFT library - Open Music Labs installation help
Arduino Mega 2560 + ESP8266 Problem with GET Request
Writing objects to PROGMEM
How to find gain for this device?
Ooops, no LSM303 detected ... Check your wiring!
writing and uploading sketch as cpp file
Results for GP2Y1010AU0F Dust Sensor
How to Set the Wifi Password at Runtime with ESP8266 Wifi Module and Arduino Uno?
How to control MKR1000 from outside your local network
NodeMCU ESP8266 on Arduino IDE doesn't detect Wifi
Multiple MuxShield 2's connected to a single Arduino Mega
Esp8266 not working
Interfacing a stepper motor with arduino
How to Factory reset ESP8266?
How can the Arduino check if it is connected to a PC and the PC is on?
Sum values, store them and print the last value
Can't reprogram atmega328p chips using nano as ISP
Serial communication with Python
Accelerometer fix values
I2C between Yun Shield (Dragino) and UNO R3 problem
Arduino code not starting at beginning after poweroff
Interrupt and delay problems on Attiny 85
ATTiny85 I2C LCD
Arduino toggles on multiplexer not working
Bug read an image from SD card and draw it on TFT
Prevent 5V output on Arduino Nano 5V pin
Connect an Arduino directly to RGB LED strip
Code Optimisation
ESP8266 12e Arduino IDE outputs garbage values on serial monitor
Getting the highest value from analog reading?
From Wiring to pure C
Arduino or XBee unique identifier?
Generating analog signals
OnKeyPress in a arduino
Reading Serial Data Using readBytes() and Use of Serial.read()
How to improve date-time control from RTC?
How do I turn off a 12V 3A RGB LED strip?
Difference between Wire.setClock() method and TWBR method for changing I2C Frequency
How do I see underlying code and definitions inside Arduino IDE on MacOS X El Capitan
My computer dose not recognise my Arduino Uno
Ramping a stepper motor
Make a stepper motor move
How to power two stacked motor shields with one 3S Lipo battery (11.1V)?
How to properly understand verbose compiler error text? For beginner level
How to use millis()
Does serial speed affect performance of other tasks?
FastLED and Neopixel Help
Ensuring specific frequency at specific time?
Control Arduino through ethernet. How to contact from outside network and securely
Function only taking the first 4 elements of a character array
Cant connect to localhost
Can I power two 5V with Arduino powered with 9V power adapter?
Referencing local libraries from higher dir levels
Arduino Due randomly slows down, serial communications stops
Voltage on open circuit jumping on Arduino R3
Errors seen whilst compiling with AdaFruit Motor Shield ("invalid library")
Do I need an Arduino for BLE?
Read speed between two ultrasonic sensors
Is there a portable timer interrupt library?
Arduino only accepts one programming update per laptop boot
use only one input pin in L293?
Sending Large Packets and Reassembling over Serial
Enable BLE pairing on request
How can i do something like multi threathing in arduino?
How can I use an arduino as an intermediary step between my PC and a LED strip?
Performing 32-bit arithmetic on embedded device
Arduino Uno with Camera and LCD
Trying to get my mega 2560 to work for my 3d printer
how can i make a specific object detected and move to the sensor? (like a magnet-attracted)
How to interpret accelerometer output data?
Using Analog Comparator on Uno to Read Differential Voltage Signaling
How can I transfer multiple frames from the Arducam's fifo buffer to file without zero padding?
I already have a button on my Arduino board, but I don't know what pin number should I use in my code?
Where can I get high-quality LCD's for projects
Arduino UNO with NRF24l01 + touch screen
Arduino Nano and WS2812
smoke came out of Arduino Nano
Problem with Software Serial: no response
How does Arduino IDE for OSX work without drivers?
Controlling Relay Using Serial Monitor
uSDaemon in Linino / Arduino Yun Mini hogging the syslog
BASCOM-AVR stk500_2_ReceiveMessage(): timeout: -1
Setting up Huzzah ESP8266
Arduino Text Scrolling on 16x02 I2c on NodeMcu (ESP8266-12)
How do I use two PulseIn() functions simultaneously in Arduino?
How to correctly code a LED STRIP?
Start LED blink at certain millis() value
MPU6050 Measure distance traveled or position
Use Arduino Yun Shield as ISP for bootloaded ATMega328-PU
How do I use ATTiny pin 5 (RESET) as a digital output?
How do I use two PulseIn() functions simultaneously in Arduino?
Arduino uno - Ethernet Shield enc28j60 hangs after some time
Measuring .7 volts on pin 2 and 0.0 on the rest when setting all pins low
What sensor would work for soccer ball detection efficiently using Arduino?
Code for activating a led after 2 minutes and will blink after 30 seconds interval
What to do after prototyping?
Which sensor to detect light?
How to read differential TTL signal from encoder using Arduino?
Arduino nano & pro micro SPI simple communication
An audio jack modem
combination of arduino uno and mega?
What is LCD bias voltage and where do I have to connect it?
Fading RGB LED between 10 and 60 cm
Update variable using buttons
Using two pins to sum maximum available current
Self made microphone burns Arduino
Will 5V 2A current input to the power port kill my Arduino?
Proper Attiny85 timer/delay
The Arduino Sketch does not save in Arduino folder location
How to connect IR Transmitter and Receiver Module?
How to sense toggle switch using OPTOCOUPLER
Made a Adafruit Flora unusable
Reading the DotStar datasheet - power requirements
Using Arduino GSM with WiFi
VLcd pin to ground?
I'm new here. Where to look for documentation for my specific board
Time.h rollover after 49.7 days
Can't get ESP8266 working
EthernetClient: HTML table isn't being fully populated
Having trouble using RTC if I set an ISR for a 1 second timer
DC Motor Pinning the Ada Fruit Moto Shield with the Mega2560 R3
Arduino Uno R3 not working with Cytron shield GPS 53
Get pin input status without using the arduino library
Can I use the same Data Registry for both input and output pins?
Supply 5V to Arduino
How to set up one second interrupt/ISR for ds3231 RTC
Servo.attach method causing strange issue
Problem building a smart shopping cart
Soldering Arduino Pro Mini's disaligned pins
Serial.read() is getting a whole string rather than just a character?
Is analogWrite() inferior to writing directly into registers?
Using Arduino as ISP to burn sketch directly to ATmega328 without first installing a bootloader on the ATmega328
neopixel not blinking
How to handle an interrupt that interrupts a serial communication?
LCD not doing anything
Arduino Debounce Sketch
Arduino Record pulseIn
How to get the rightmost four bits from a byte
Using SoftwareSerial to send data to itself
How to represent -1 as a byte
How to change the default name of ESP8266-12E module
How to I make the Tx and Rx pins on an ESP-8266-01 into GPIO pins?
Multiple I2C BREAKOUTS with pull-up resistors doesn't work [UPDATE]
Why can't i compute the percentage?
Sending GPS data to computer via USB and then to iPhone app through Wi-Fi on LAN
How to extend my Sketch for Multiple Inputs and Outputs
Arduino Mega 2560 and Android USB OTG serial communication
Transmitting Variables over RF
Using Atmel Studio with Arduino Starter Kit (Uno MCU)
W5100 Ethernet Shield to Custom Board Problem
Including string class in Eclipse Neon
Smooth servo control library
lcd has no contrast pin
SIM800L module just repeating data sent via serial
Arduino char showing as 2 characters
Write PWM with only 8 bit? (Timer2)
Can I use string and int in Serial.println together?
SIM800 gsm Module returns 0 on AT+COPS?
Do ISRs have to be defined in top level Arduino program?
Sensor for detect there is a car or not ?
Questions about the Arduino Micro PCB
DigiSpark USB issue
Arduino port not showing serial USB Mac OS El Capitan
How to use a rotary encoder on NodeMCU with Arduino code?
"Exit(0);" caused uninterruptible uninterruptible loop on 32u4 board
amblone error :85: error: 'TCCR3B' was not declared in this scope - no fullscreen vlc support
Unable to connect esp8266 12 module with arduino uno
Male header pins on Arduino Uno
Arduino retrieving PHP echo using ESP8266
Switching methods/functions with a button
Uploading Error: no programmer has been specified
Arduino uno board not detected when connected via USB no matter what OS
Get an additional analog pin?
Issue with photoresistor - the analogRead stays pretty much the same?
why does function affect my ISR?
Using ps2 mouse (PAW3402 / PAW3412) as a distance sensor for arduino
Is it possible to print client IP or MAC address from Arduino WiFi web server?
connecting ESP8266 to mega 2056
Is possible to set a pin faster than digitalWrite?
arduino pro mini analog pins read different values
Storing Long numbers in arduino like phone numbers...How?
Arduino sound equalizer
How to keep accurate millis() while using ADC_sleep mode?
How to multiply strings?
How Bootload an Lilypad Arduino USB using Arduino UNO
Eclipse C++ Ide for Arduino 2.0 and eeprom.h (no such file or directory)
Why is there a plastic sleeve on my HC-05 bluetooth module
AC meter By ADC timer interrupt from Nick Gammon
and gate based on truth table
Arduino resets my MacBook Pro
How do I program a non-Atmel chip with the Arduino IDE?
I2C on non I2C pins, possible?
GSM and Bluetooth modules on 1 Arduino Uno board
Talking to ADS8698 (18-bit ADC) over SPI
Serial Monitor "button" implementation
ESP8266 Upload hex file Arduino IDE
Why is Serial.begin(9600) interfering with my multiplexor functioning?
Does a GPS need a sim card?
Comparing time_t values within an if statement
Using Arduino to pass data from a coin collector to android app
How to detect Genuino 101 from inside the code?
How to clear output buffer of Arduino Uno?
How to switch 12V water pump
Help managing the fallout from timer0 mode and prescaler change on ATMega2560 without modifying wiring.c
How to repair or work around a damaged usb port on the Arduino?
Did I just brick my ATMEGA 2560?
Arduino Uno Wifi Module ESP8266 AT Command Test error
Why am I not receiving codes from IR receiver over the serial monitor?
The best signal source for a path-finding robot
Attiny85 code on Attiny84
Serial loop stopped after a while, I don't know why
Amplified piezo sensor wiring problem
Returning an int array from a function
Cisco Switch not receiving serial communication from Arduino
Cast from uint8_t* to char - loses precision
avr-gcc -D is ignored
Problem with simple sound detection circuit using a microphone
keypad storing problem any idea store more than 11 numbers like phone number
Interfacing key-pad with arduino with 7 segment display
Is it possible to pass HIGH and LOW values as parameter in a function?
How to connect Flora 2 and nRF8001 BLE Breakout
Compiles but doesn't print anything
Serial communication doesn't work right after upload
Switch between ntc resistor sensors time based for other device
Expected } at the end of input
Can I use L293D driver as ESC for arduino controlled quadcopter
Error Uploading Arduino Sketch to Arduino Pro Mini
LED and Switch Compolation Error Arduino 101
SerialUSB on Arduino Due
Formula for current through shift register
Expected declaration before } token
Is there a cheap relay that can control voltage from stuff like bulb lights with a 5 V control output?
How do I clear sim800L buffer?
Most memory efficient way to program
Arduino project list: What do I need?
Help Improving Debouncing
Running Pthreads (POSIX) on an Arduino
Which arduino should i use for a very simple one pin "blinking led" type project?
Uni-directional communication between NodeMCU and Arduino spits out garbage
Genuino 101 - Can't upload my sketch - Timeout Error
High rate of transmission errors (~50%) using Xbee Radio
AT+CIPSEND command closed the connection automatically
Can LilyPad Main Board interface with a sensor via UART?
Can a timer be used in both CTC and (fast) PWM mode simultaneously?
Error in the arduino code
How to get real time data from ardunio board using NodeJS and send to my remote server without the wifi module?
Change from using the external crystal to the internal oscillator
Arduino 16 MHz with only 3.3V?
Extrapolate require MCU from Arduino MEGA2560 performance
Replacing several pinMode() and digitalWrite() pins with an array
Help to get Arduino UNO with 4 SoftwareSerial transmit only ports
Format hour and minute integers to HH:MM format (char*)
I2C connection freezes Master if Slave disconnects
How to analogRead() 2 separate pins simultanously?
Temperature on two 7-segments displays
Float to integer conversion for control program crashes arduino
Arduino ESP8266 module communicate through Arduino IDE terminal
Long run data wire
Testing for bad WS2812B?
Using Arduino project migrated to breadboard with 12 MHz crystal instead of 16 MHz
ESP01 connected to Arduino can't read from UART while connected from external power source
IRemote with PulseSensor
Where to connect BLK and GRN pins of Openlog board on my Uno?
Arduino motor shield
Looks like a smartwatch but only has a gps tracker and password
Utilizing 3G/4G connection as gps
Use interrupts with analog pins in arduino or another possible solution?
Gnd pins at the power pin strip VS Gnd pin at the IO pin strip
Where can I find the Arduino Mega core code?
Stepper motor with HCSR-04 sensor
Power Arduino Over 9V automatically after being disconnected from USB 5V
Serial communication between NodeMCU and Arduino doesn't work when I try to use the DC jack or Vin
Single pin as input and output
ADC port manipulation
Pointer to Hardware Differences Documentation For Arduino Boards?
Methods to prevent Accelerometer values changing from current spikes
Simulation of IoT based systems in Software
What is the best type of Arduino board for simple delivery robot?
getting error while trying to compile code for soil moisture sensor
Arduino & ESP8266
RFID-RC522 Can't access sector after writing to trailer block
Matlab interfacing with arduino ERROR
Arduino Micro Power Questions
Gradual change of PWM motor control
Problem stopping a stepper motor with an endstop
ESP8266 Programming using ESP-01 to USB converter
Controling pump while displaying moisture value on a LCD at the same time with soil moisture sensor?
How to correctly read a string from Arduino serial port?
Using pointers with Arduino
Why is communication between a Python program and Arduino not producing the expected result?
Read serial 8 bytes from Arduino buffer
Help with 1-Wire to I2C translate
Does 'digitalPinToInterrupt' work with analog pins
How to measure free RAM on an Arduino Due in Runtime?
Replacing stock String.cpp with smaller version
Writing a float to a BLE characteristic. What data format?
Arduino - Turn on LED when Potentionmeter is used
Timer2 "Clear OC2B on Compare Match" not working as expected in CTC mode
High errors in transmission (completely eliminated by adding delay): What's the issue?
Sending Analog Data with and IR LED
Explanantion of Addressing
formatting of IPAddress via printf(...) family similar to Serial Object
Strange binary number representation
Arduino shield bluetooth
20x4 LCD will write but then won't update
Arduino weather vane
Quadcopter yaw PID with MPU6050
How come my transistor doesn't work?
How to speed up writing a file to a WifiClient?
Keep References Between Objects
Why the GSM Shield is discontinued? What options are available?
ATMega328 not able to fully switch coreless motor on
Arduino IDE - Start Serial Monitor once upload is complete
FTDI Breakout with additional ISP connector
Using Arduino to detect when a sensor is on and off and display time elapsed
Trouble connecting Arduino Pro Mini (Atmega328, 3.3V) to nRF24L01 over SPI, receiving all 0 values when I use radio.printDetails();
Why do i get additional characters when reading a file through a buffer if buffer size > 15?
How to change the variable value on arduino program using java?
"stray '/302' in program error" when compiling
Problem controlling a Stepper motor with AccelStepper in arduino uno
Bluetooth and EEPROM
How do I code my arduino to return a throttle servo to idle?
SparkFun Monster Moto Shield current sensing issue
Arduino - read multiline serial input
Serial print message results in gibberish
LiPo batteries with L298N controller
Adding a kill switch for servos with states - blink without delay code
Native function name w/o parens -- expected behavior?
Setting two distinct min/max ranges for two servos
Read string from DigiUSB
ESP-12e, Arduino IDE, NeoPixel Strip - Flickering
What Arduino data type allows decimals?
SoftwareSerial data not available
Charging Blend Micro via USB
Low power wifi temperature sensor
Options for turning on/off an output at a specific time?
Input PUK code, when requested
How to keep amperage in serial and parallel?
How to add toggle button for LCD display text and backlight?
How to set Alarms on the DS3231 easily so the Nano doesn't have to go to sleep with delay statements?
Attiny45 resets when setting digitalOutput to low
Transistor Switching
Why is my arduino acting like a radio? And is there a way to abuse this?
How do I change the I2C address on the LCD backpack?
How might the SD library be reading phantom files?
Interfacing Digital clock with Uno
Program hangs at am2315.begin() - ideas?
avrdude.conf: programmer type must be written as "id_type"?
Why is my switch not working?
Is it possible to detect stairs using ultrasonic sensor?
Problems building an Arduino Micro with through-hole components
NeoPixel setPixelColor works only in for loop
What options do I have to wirelessly connect my computer to an arduino?
How to connect an RF module directly to a PC without using an arduino?
How to animate a LED Strip via wifi?
Can the EWRF 3022 module be directly connected to the pc totransmit data from the pc wirelessly?
Binary message formatter
RFID Reader ID12-LA reads every card as ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
Aptotec PN532 shield power consumption
What is a cheap way to interface a USB keyboard to an Arduino Uno?
Arduino Uno and ESP8266 serial monitor issue
very lightweight low power microcontroller with memory?
Using an Arduino as a crystal oscillator
Coding problem (gesture sensor)
NodeMCU ESP-12e - Timing errors
Sim800L's library can not compile on Arduino Due
use button to select variable
Which interrupts are enabled when programming an ATTiny85 with Arduino IDE?
How to ground a arduino with an external power-source?
How to program an nRFL01 RF module that is connected to a pc via a USB to UART/TTL adapter?
save bytes from Serial into ROM (EEPROM)
Maplin Bluetooth Shield for Arduino - BAUD rate
Arduino trim: does it remove the \n as well?
NRF24L01+ unable to receive data
Can Atmel Studio 6 Simulator simulate SPI?
multiple multiplexer (4051) - how to process the inputs?
int VS uint8_t VS uint16_t
Arduino Uno + aRest + ESP8266
How to keep track of if data is outdated
How to automate an electric kettle?
How do I hook up a 3V device to a 74AHCT125 (Quad Level-Shifter)?
Inconsistent response AT command
Print when echo is read by HR-S04 sensor
Wake Arduino (Atmega328) from sleep with ADXL345 interrupt
Change Digispark clock speed, run at low voltage?
Do I use an Arduino or an ARM based Launchpad board for my commercial project?
Getting an error while uploading a code to the Arduino when ethernet shield is attached
Arduino ESP8266 Webserver
Is there a way of turning a computer into a Arduino type board?
Arduino Pro Mini name in CMakeList.txt in CLion
Problem fetching data from MPU6050
clkI/O 256 & 1024 (From prescaler) not working with driving PWM on Nano board
How to detect Arduino serial port programmatically on different platforms?
Amplify Piezo Sensor
How to send multiple data from PC to arduino
How to connect an Arduino Micro to MPU-6050
The use of 4.7kOhm resistor with DS18B20 temperature sensor
Use digital pins as analog - Arduino Micro
Speed up the Arduino
Setup arduino uno with ESP8266 ESP-1
Why does exit status 1 stray '\302' in program pop up around Serial.println ( "-> Second Service load");?
Sending digital signal from one arduino to another
Odd symbols in ESP8266 responses to AT commands
ESP-12f SoftwareSerial read fails
How to run multiple functions one after another?
>=500Mhz microcontroller that works with arduino sketches?
Use TFT LCD with Uno and Wi-Fi shield
How to use different device address for MCP23017 so I can use multiple chips?
How to connect a varying output voltage to the Arduino?
Alter baud rate after being certain events
Ethernet module ENC28C60 doesn't connect to internet when DHCP on router is disabled.
What is wrong with this processing code?
Switch case problem in Arduino code
Problem with executing a function in the middle of a 'nested for loop'
How to send Arduino Yún Post Request to localhost?
Mini Voice Recorder for Arduino
Using SPI without driving MISO
How to track revolution of DC motor?
Ethernet shield not working
All of the sudden the Nano will not accept programming
The Mysterious Case of the Mostly-Vegetable Servo
How fast can I drive a stepper motor?
Compiling Error
How to display an entire incoming string from the serial monitor in arduino ide?
Arduino Nano (3.0) Use an USB Bluetooth stick
void loop followed by other "void" expressions
relay working problem
LED won't turn on and serial monitor won't display values
What is the datatype of the pinMode function?
Blank.txt at the End of Transmission
Get Battery voltage on raw
code for line following robot not working perfectly
ATtiny84A support with "Attiny" board manager installed to Arduino IDE
Using Arduino as Keylogger
digispark - 2 pin push button to iterate through an hashmap
HCSR04 Sensor without delay
Does the SIM800L works in the US?
ArduinoISP external programmer produces verification error?
How do I measure watts without a CT clamp?
Can I connect a servo directly to arduino uno without a transistor?
Common/standard library and/or protocol for Arduino to be I2C slave for driving NeoPixel
How to reprogram Arduino if USB port is already in use?
How can I play music using a speaker and Micro SD card Module?
which Arduino UNO ethernet shield supports power over ethernet?
Why change the variable content?
Does the Arduino Uno have two crystals?
Thermosensor Error - 'Wire' does not name type?
How do interrupts work on the Arduino Uno and similar boards?
Problems reading I2C sensor when using a Xbee module
how to communicate MPU-6050 ( on arduino micro) wirelessly using nrf24l01 to arduino uno?
troubleshooting - Turn on a single led in a ws2811 ledstrip with an arduino Uno with FastLed
how to measure level shock using vibration sensor and arduino
GSM librarys Software Serial conflicts with I2C pins 2 and 3 for Arduino Micro
I2C collision detection
Arduino Leonardo - Using ICSP pins for serial
Arduino Nano periodic reset under program control?
Making two Arduinos/MKR1000 communicate
Record Ping time using ultrasonic sensors and calculate speed
DHT11 sensor works on Arduino Uno, not on LoLin NodeMcu
WaveHC Library Trouble
Sim900 error on AT command AT+HTTPINIT
Atmega boot loading UART or SPI
Controlling 20 servo motors independently with a single Arduino
Multiple If Conditions Arduino
Firmware update for remote situations
How to connect GPS Neo-6M module to GSM Shield SIM900 V2?
Is my Arduino possibly broken?
Arduino SSCANF stop on comma delimiter
Entering integers as bytes in serial monitor
Error: Expected primary-expression before void
Slow response from ENC28J60
How to use Servo movement with RTC with Storage error
How to turn a LED if ultranonic HC-SR04 reading is on defined range for some interval
Keyboard key press listener
What's the problem with baudrate?
I need 70 or more input pins for the Arduino -how to do this?
delete the memory or re-upload a program
Is there a counter library in Arduino?
Wiring and Connecting WS2801 to NodeMCU ESP8266
Unexpected Delay Between For Loops
RH_RF24_MAX_MESSAGE_LEN in RH_RF24.h
Arduino Pro Mini automatically resetting
Host name is unvalid
Read/write data from 2 Arduinos simultaneously with Python
Gui Scale on Linux HD display
Arduino creating delay function
I2C to UART bridge as breakout or in DIP package
Connecting ESP8266 to local webserver
How can I deal with rapid fluctuation of Anemometer readings?
Why is my radio circuit working with other arduinos but not the Pro Minis?
Arduino Pro Mini Serial Monitor garbage
How fast can I read Arduino port D?
Arduino Unreliable Serial communication
What are the options to Expand the IO pins on an ESP-01 8266?
Capacitors in DC circuits
PWM multiplexing on Arduino nano
State machinese for serial input
Pause between switching motor direction
Capturing avrdude command in IDE
Why is my transistor always transmitting?
Hold a random number
Having problems compiling this code for NRF24l01 on arduino uno and arduino micro
Speed of comunication by SI4463 under RH_RF24.h
How to use ESP8266-12E with PCF8574 as an I/O extender
strtok problem while parsing String
Arduino Pro Mini RESET button suddenly stopped working
Measure voltage of data output?
How to create a smooth change in voltage?
Arduino Web Server: Receiving response from web form
How to switch on and off an HD44780 LCD Display?
Unable to send serial data to XBee connected to Arduino Uno without a shield
How to make RGB LED blink rapidly one color using FOR or WHILE loop
2d 3*3 LED matrix code error
Why is my class losing a field in the middle of a method
How to use setModemRegisters in RF24
Having trouble connect nrf24l01 to arduino micro and arduino uno!
PCF8547 Wire.write explanations
Arduino Uno Reading Fuses
Problem with sending a POST request using the WiFiEsp library
Compiling sketch vi command line
Atmega328P 8MHz External Clock
Board.txt configuration change Atmega328p
Getting some unknown characters while trying to connect my SIM900A to my PC
Debugging library - Error- expected unqualified id before '.' token
Read signal from co-ax cable with ADC
Atmega32u4 external 8MHz clock
Getting data from web form
Which sensor i can use to transmit some values from Arduino Uno to phone using bluetooth?
Can anybody advise what type of connector this is?
IRRemote send and receive same Arduino
Read time digits from DS1307 and run code based on return
7 Segment display dimming
Detailed analyse of memory usage
Is there a non-float alternative to pow()?
Difficulties with raw string literals
Can I connect to a DALI network as a master node using an Arduino?
Arduino as analog to digital converter for temperature sensor
What can I do in this situation
Lowering cost of using NRF24L01 radio module for communication between several Arduinos
Cannot assign COM port to HC-05 bluetooth device
Shared 5v power for Due dedicated application
Comma between two values in a macro
Cannot set Pins to LOW
The easiest and most time efficent way to connect to the internet regardless of the cost
Shrink array to save memory
Powering 24 volt solenoid valve with Arduino uno
Will a transistor always reduce the voltage?
What pin is the external interrupt #0 for an arduino micro?
not able to tick the checkbox of page generated by client object
Multiple client server over wifi
Clear GET params from URL
Making a current GPS code run once, and only once, after the code is 'activated'
Arduino IDE crash when I connect Blend Micro
Power an arduino on a 12V circuit
Arduino IDE in conflict with pyserial for use of serial port in OSX Yosemite
How do I output tone() and audioFX board output through a single speaker?
How can I use stepper for specific degree?
Regarding Arduino Mega hardware serial
Running quartz clock off an arduino
Problem understanding code
L298N vs Motor Shield R3
Sound Recognition
Faster output of Serial.print() data coming from TSL1402R sensor
How to calibrate a PID?
Continuous Rotation
Arduino Micro "Keyboard Not Found"
Arduino not running the sketch with external power supply of 9v, but runs the program when connected to pc
Can I avoid having a bootloader if I use ISP to flash to an arduino?
USB Communication like serial RS232 with an Attiny
How to control an Arduino connected device accross the Internet?
Stepper motor release L298N
Send and Read packet XBee AT mode
Arduino and industrial stepper driver
I need help purchasing materials for a arduino fpv quadcopter
Re-enable Arduino after short
How to wire Christmas lights with LEDs to use for Arduino Project?
Library, instantiation of a class object
What boards have integrated USB charging?
Why are some letters reserved?
Can I get my RGBW Neopixel strip to loop perfectly by adjusting rainbowFade2White function in strandtest?
(SOLVED more or less) Direct reading/writing to PORTD, unexpected readback, how does the serial library use it?
Problem with connecting pins on an Arduino board with an L239D shield
Where are the Special Function Registers located? (Atmega 328)
Using bitRead to toggle between LEDs
Turn Arduino on with timer every 24h
Control Current / Connecting a Relay - Simple question
Is it possible to use Wi-Fi as a wireless connection to my Arduino/Windows PC LAN without using the internet
SPI Overflow in 328 slave with i2c sensor
DC motor not start?
AVR timer overflow interrupt not working
Measuring RSSI between two Wi-Fi shields
I want to modify setup, to also keep the serial USB port opens so I can send strings via a Raspberry Pi
4 IR sensors on Arduino pro micro. 2 are working other aren't
Connection between ATTiny85 and RaspberryPi3 with nRF24L01+
Same code in setup() and loop() give different results
arrange vector in descending order
Remote temperature sensor system without slave board
Simultaneous output from sonar array
Replacement crystal on Uno for cold temperatures
Sparkfun ESP8266 Wifi Shield does not receive data
My RTC DS1307 isn't returning any information. It seems to be stuck in the isrunning() function. Does anyone have debugging tips?
ArduinoUNO/MEGA, Is there a way to exceed 256 in analogWrite
two dimensional array with 3 characters per entry?
Servos and Random Number
Arduino UNO Chinese Clone LEDs not lighting up
Arduino and C++ Serial communication
Arduino calculator: I'm struggling to write a sketch which parses inputted characters
How accurate the an attiny timer function
Identify UUID of HC-06
10 bit PWM on Arduino UNO
eval() function for Arduino?
Using ATTiny85 as a USB HID Mouse
Using an Arduino as a lithium ion charge controller
control vibrator motor speed with ultrasonic sensors
DHT22 reading weird values
Merging strings and constants causing scope errors
"return" not working to break out of a loop
Combining two codes to jump back and forth between them
Which external programmers work reliably with Arduino Mega?
How to move my robot in the right direction?
connecting lv maxsonar ez arduino
I am not able to use ESP8266 12E with Arduino
MPU-6050 + Arduino Micro + nRF24L01 FIFO overflow!
What is an easy way to power a 3.3v BMP-180 barometer board from a 5v Arduino Nano?
Reverse engineering of a bluetooth sensor
arduino not loading library
Problem with microSD SPI mode in AVR
Connection ESP8266 to ESP8266 Client Server can't Connect, Help me?
How can I reduce speed of motor with motor shield?
Is the MKS GEN V1.2 compatible with Arduino IDE as Arduino MEGA Board?
SIM800L always returns +CREG: 0,2
Rotary Encoder on LoLin NodeMcu increases value when rotating right/left
MKS GEN board pinouts for Arduino MEGA
Detecting a 2.8ms pulse using a Arduino Uno
Can I switch a pulse solenoid from the onboard 5V/3.3V power source?
Limiting motors to a specific position using while and if loops
MPU-6050 - angle drift
Issue with Visual Studio not seeing arduino boards
read AM signal only with an Arduino
error: stray '\' in program with servo
How to use Honeywell NBP Series Sensor with Arduino
Combining arduino leonardo code with water alarm code
Traffic lights using timer
XBee radio dropping bytes?
Running Stepper motors (at least 2) at the same time
Servo Control using Pushbutton
Can I change a simple LCD to be a graphics LCD?
Motor Control Help
XBee: How do I create a packet?
MQTT - Which option for private .NET
Adding fade to this RGB LED IMU
Waking up async the Arduino while it's sleeping periodically
Using Arduino with Assembly on MacOS
Update Variable via Arduino to Arduino I2C
Arduino Serial Response is Slow when in While Loop
Getting the DS18B20 detected and temperature read
How to find a clear frequency when use SI4463
How do you figure out an efficient battery setup for a project?
Analog Reference (AREF) pin on Arduino MKR1000 not working?
How to turn on Solenoid based on Soil Moisture value?
No display on LCD
Multiple (3) RF transmitters to a single receiver?
Arduino DUE deadlock problem, watchdog not working
Can't connect to serial port
Receiving a packet via XBee radio
Arduino bug when "myFile = SD.open" is inside loop()
create dynamic mqtt topic
Run 'Serial.begin(9600)' before loop()
Scan multiple ESP8266
Does an I²C IO Expander needs additional resistors for outputs?
Can't run two separated DC Motors
Serial question : Going from Mega to Uno
Arduino Nano + ESP8266 and saving to EEPROM
How to restart void loop if condition is met
Waking up async the Arduino while it is sleeping periodically
What is the maximum current for each I/O pin?
How to output a true analog voltage at output pin
Emulate non-standard keyboard from Arduino
How to use while(1) loop in arduino?
Control multiple MPU9250 to start collecting data at the same time
Using 2D servo array in my class
arduino web client uploading data to mysql database
Running multiple motors simultaneously
Arduino Due SAM3X ADC programmable input offset not working
Arduino Uno Digital to Analog Converter
Digispark / DigiKeyboard change keyboard layout
Serial 3 vs Software Serial
Cannot move TM1637 from Uno to Pro Mini
How do I change PGA gain in this Arduino program?
Arduino based Fan controller for PC
Servo Driven Through Custom Library Not working Properly
How to plot YPR from MPU-6050 on Arduino IDE?
Can you tell me if this circuit will work?
How to break out of a loop if it is contained in a function
It seems like the math of arduino is off
Data acquisition/logging question
Arduino Simulator for Windows that can be detected by Arduino IDE through a Virtual COM Port
what is the right way to parse JSON to Arduino?
Using CLion as Arduino IDE — Cannot find Libraries
Scan IP address of ESP8266
Arduino Mega Serial2 seems to stop functioning mid-sketch
RF24 communication between Leonardo and Micro not responding
GSM and NFC not working together
What programming practices should be adopted while coding sketches for Arduino?
How do I use the Arduino Mega as a 16-bit SPI slave?
How does Arduino determine whether the given condition provided to it is true or false?
How to use breakpoints for debugging
Can a motherboard be a simple circuit between arduino uno and a set of devices (ie: motors)
Alternative distance-meter, HC-SR04 doesn't work very well
RFM69HCW 915 MHz radio module: Sending a stream of int values rather than char[ ]
Arduino Sending faster/more data to a web server
How time intensive or how long can an ISR be?
Is the analogread function averaging the samples taken by the ADC?
Web Page doesn't load when data is being received from Xbee
Mega 2560 & smoking/burning 5v requlator, probable cause?
`servo.attach()` paralyzing (one) motor on L298N
How to make battery last for months?
How to send Multiple decoded IR signals in one script
Arduino and Raspberry Pi - initiate I2C communication as slave
Lcd display shield, no characters
How do I write the codes in #define in an IR Receiver circuit?
Previous and updated releases of Arduino IDE are not be able to start on Win 8.1 x64
How does an 8bit MCU make use of data-types over 8bits?
RF signal boosting
Custom ISR triggering function/value
Which library to choose? <Wire.h> or "Wire.h"?
Why can't my .cpp file have a class of the same name?
How come `MyClass.MyStaticMethod()` doesn't work, but `Serial.begin()` does?
Bootloader on Atmega328p overwrites whenever it gets programmed
How much ohm resistance I should put between tp120 base and uno?
Making WiFi hotspot for 3G network sharing controlled by Arduino
Arduino Skill Stop Push button error
What would be a good way to identify items spending as little as possible?
Arduino Leonardo - disabling the debugger port
I would like to add a RGB led strip to my arduino alarm system
Using SPI Interrupt causes two servos to lose functionality
How convert eight hex characters to uint32_t using strtol() function?
Arduino RGB component identification
Most efficient method to turn a gear extremely slowly?
Need Help in circuit diagram of 8*8 reed switch matrix
How to make 12V flashing LEDs using an Arduino Uno?
Questions on how to connect Arduino to Matlab through the serial port
Getting a reset error on a WEMOS D1
How to add Attiny13 to Attiny board profile in Arduino IDE 1.6?
wire.h onReceive only triggering once
manual square wave period is off
wire.h multiple slave addresses
First Serial.print voltage is wrong, way too low. Ruins average calculation
Does receiving data with SPI stop the main loop?
What am I doing wrong with my millis()?
How to setup an I2C bus which stays valid if a slave is powered down or fails?
File download from SD card hangs up my ESP-12E
Need to turn on project twice in order for screen to work!
Why do I get a compiler error when I'm pretty sure I have such method?
millis() vs creating a "long" variable
Implementing interrupts and timers on an Arduino Uno board
How do I read data from Parallel port DB25 over my Arduino?
IDE avoiding math operation
RF24Mesh master-base node communication delay
Using an Arduino for a Diorama Controller
Getting different results from function. How to retrieve values correctly?
Very strange power supply problem
Update custom library
Interfacing IMU and GPS with Arduino
Set Arduino PWM frequency to 20KHZ instead of fixed values given on each pin
Arduino USB Host Shield with joystick
Arduino Uno: how to increase distance of serial communication to PC
How to use potentiometer data from slave to master Arduino?
Arduino ultrasonic sensor to trigger LED when path is blocked
Opening and closing a hatch with different switches
Voltage on analog pin arduino when arduino turned off
How to interpret accelerometer data to get decimals from -255 to 255
delete or free on object causes Arduino to hand or reboot
What is the principle of scanner
How to use this Arduino code to control multiple different LEDs?
getHostByName always failing to find a valid ip
ESP8266 NodeMCU first WS2812 LED lights up green
GSM shield 2 - Fully erase memory buffer
How to run 50 IR LEDs off an Arduino UNO?
How to make auto keyboard using arduino nano V3.0 ATmega 328P ?
ard-reset-arduino resetting Leonardo/Micro via USB works on OSX, fails on Ubuntu
Use of struct and sizeof in C for Arduino
ESP8266 Nodemcu create custom PWM with 1.25us resolution
What USB to UART chip provides highest data rates with Arduino boards?
How do I run multiple vibration motors from an Arduino Mini with PWM?
How to read RPS for fast rotation with status change method in Arduino?
Timer for how long button is not pressed
Writing new functions into progmem after main program is burned
Debug soldered connections of LCD 1602A
How to run a timer every 12 hours (exceeding the max size of int) without an RTC?
Arduino Due: ADC gain adjustment problem
De-Auth "attacks" using Arduino?
How can I stop my Servo rotating?
MAC address arduino
How to I press a button once to display text and again to remove it?
Problem with combination of Bluetooth and RF 434MHz with Arduino Mega
Erratic behavior from 'randomly' generated values in array
How to unify all RPS reading in one function?
How do I see the command line equivalent of clicking Verify?
Understanding Nikon modified version of SPI
Best way to detect tilt using MPU 6050
Global variables use to much space in the dynamic memory
Why use a motor driver board?
Keyboard.println missing characters when I print long strings
Temperature sensor and LCD
Serial Communication
4.7v as HIGH on digital output instead of 5v
Barebones Arduino Zero with ATSAMD21G18
Can I detect with software when a PIR sensor is physically connected to Arduino?
Using MMA8451 accelerometer to count steps
Implementing an external ADC in Arduino
ML8511 Sensor, unable to achieve meaningful results. Output voltages are atypical
Why declare analog pins as ints?
How is a local variable address retrieved/returned inside the CPU of Arduino?
Explanation of the formula of the map funtion
Connect Arduino to PLC (Data Exchange)
Arduino + ESP8266 as Webserver
Is it possible to measure the velocity of a Unmanned Aerial Vehicle using only accelerometer?
Stepper motor jittering
2D Tracking of an object - which sensor?
SPI conflict with two shields - IOREF?
How do I send data to an Arduino via light flashes
Software PWM implementation on ATTiny44 screws up timing functions
How to fix 12V RGB LED Strip connection to NodeMCU?
Arduino leonardo. Encoder mouse movement
Do we need to burn bootloader in new Atmega328p before uploading the arduino code
Adafruit feather M0 wifi firmware update
Can i power Esp8266-Nodemcu with a solarpanel + usb-powerbank?
What means the ~ symbol in the code?
How to prevent ATTiny program from running after I flash it with Arduino?
RF24 Network and Payload
Can I use a mobile charger (output 5V) to power an Arduino Uno?
Arduino-ESP8266 socket
Arduino with two (or more) push buttons
Arduino to arduino serial communication without a library
Encoder + Bounce2 Library
Measuring the distance covered by a car
Using timer0 on arduino uno
Difference in Arduino pin distance
2G/3G vs 4G/LTE Cell Connectivity for Sensor Prototype?
SdFat: Why does the first write to the file take so long?
Code won't read the first line from SD
Unable to read the Serial Port through Arduino the way Serial Port Monitor softwares read it
ESP8266 Aes encryption using Arduino IDE
What is happening in this basic push-button circuit?
How do I control multiple LEDs strips with Arduino
I can't receive a letter using UART
Trouble using a TSSP77038 with an Arduino
IDE does not create prototypes
Arduino Uno rev 3 - what are the additional 2x3 set of pins for?
Arduino (weird) ADC problem
ADXL345 accelerometer doesn't work
Arduino to ESP8266 SoftwareSerial communication
2 if-else in one program
Arduino IDE automatic tools
Extracting bits from hex encoded binary
Arduino write/handle long programs
PCA9685 seemingly no PWM output Arduino Uno when attempting to do LED dimming
How to use get_properties to get RSSI in RF24?
Use an Arduino to "intercept" transparently serial communication to Grbl?
I seem to be having trouble with these libraries and the Arduino 101. Can anyone look at my output and tell me what I should do?
Arduino Serial.println() keeps transmitting data even when conditions are imposed
How to set timeout?
Arduino + HM-10/11 + ANCS to get notifications for iPhone
Arduino Uno as a HID the letters duplicate
Communication between Raspberry PI (Windows IOT) and Arduino with ESP8266
Why isn't DigiSpark automatically recognized on other computers?
How to get the ID of an Arduino?
Tracking Device Using Arduino UNO, GSM and GPS
Program an Arduino with another Arduino
Microcontrollers with built in HID support
Teensy to Teensy serial communication via USB connector
Printing multiple double qoutes in print statement
DigitalRead() floating pin problem
How to add extra USB port to Arduino Nano?
A class within a class - via an Initialiser Lists: NOT able to update a variable
How to load page from SD card and still show live data from sensors?
Arduino using Ethernet shield WebClient example code is not working
How to wire a small quadcopter drone with resistor and breadboard (If possible)?
Send Color value from Processing into Arduino
I want to change my "serial monitor" command to push button command for IR cloning project
LCD Shield and Arduino
Arduino not running code without connection to PC via USB
Electrostatic Discharge Protection on Arduinos
How do I repurpose Arduino's reset button
Power issues with RFDuino
How can I maintain switch state when in sleep mode?
Which key is KEY_LEFT_GUI?
Cannot run arduino as web client
How to merge HCSR04 code with DF Player mini mp3
SPFD5408 for TFT in Arduino Due
Why do I get access denied when I do have mysql root user added to grant all privileges?
I2C and SPI at the same time?
Random analog input
SIM800L GSM Module, no network signal RSSI
How do I control arduino uno multiplexed digital pin (using HC74595)
What is this shield? (AST Space Arduino Kit)
Arduino add two spi slaves that has no slave select pin
Can I use a HC-05 and a GPS without a breadboard on a Arduino Uno?
Arduino Uno Bluetooth connection
Reading values from SQL Arduino ethernet
Minimum circuitry required to program an AVR
Where is the inaccuracy of my arduino thermistor circuit coming from?
Does this code work as a PWM?
Why FIFO is important in camera?
Stepper and Line tracker
8 bit arduinos: What happens to the data in registers during a function call? During an interupt?
Problem using HC-12 graphical configuration utility, invalid responses
Connect 9 V battery to Arduino Mega 2560 directly?
Looking for a distance sensor that works through plastic (i.e. car bumpers)
Two signal with delay
Array variable name changes from readings1 to readings2
How many Ultrasonic sensors can be connected to an Arduino Uno R3?
How to drive RGB LED fading alongside MAX7219s
What is micro C in a circuit diagram?
Why does this code not respond promptly to changes in the LDR reading?
GSM module connected with arduino uno giving garbage values in response
Random numbers recived by wifi shield
Serial - Send data to Arduino while Arduino sending data
Building a GPS-controlled Camera
Long Distance Shift Register
Is there any way to control current precisely with Arduino without using a DC-DC converter?
Feather32u4 device not accepting address 5, error -71
Store data in flash/EEPROM and process it in parallel
Problem with uploading LUFA MassStorage .hex file to Leonardo
Creating variable inside if statement (conditional signed vs unsigned int)
Hardware damage from executing tight polling loop over extended periods of time?
Environment Variable to change build
Where do I put the cables from my soldered l293d onto the arduino uno/arduino pro mini? (Drone)
While doesn't the loop terminate?
How do I add dimming control to my following LED toggling program on Arduino? Also how do I improve my existing code?
Why doesn't this code work?
Why does Keyboard.Print adds random values to url?
How to send arduino data to php code
Whats the function of the resistor between MCU and its Resonator in Arduino Mega?
What do I do about a compiler error " variable 'font' must be const"
How to insert into table in database after every 5 minutes using Real time clock module
New tab VS OOP : which is better in Arduino
Get data from website with ESP8266 using AT commands
How to detect the direction of a rotary encoder?
Connecting button as PC usb input via arduino
Reset and Remove Arduino ATmega328P?
About Arrays in Arduino
How do I deal with this Arduino IDE installation error?
EEPROM library throwing errors
teensyduino with teensy LC: cannot include multiple files in sketch
HTTP request not sending
Arduino IDE on Linux - directory not found
GPS module to a Bluetooth Transmitter
Collection of functions for arduino IDE
Where can i get a current Websockets Library for Arduino that will work with the Ethernet Shield
Why does an `.ino` file have to be in a folder of the same name?
I keep on getting a stray '\302' in program error.How do I fix it.This is in arduino uno
Arduino beginner question
Should I use LLC to power sensors on grid pcb at 4mtr wire length distance?
I have 4 motors connected to their own ESC (that is connected to a power distribution board), how do I connect this to Arduino uno? (Drone)
Switch a 12V 3.3A component from an Arduino
All four of my ESC motors stutters when I run it on my Arduino, how can this be fixed?
Value declared but not coming up as declared
which spi mode shall i use given this timing diagram
How many bluetooth modules can be interfaced with Arduino UNO?
Can I design Arduino Mega 2560 circuit without adding ATMega 16?
Microcontroller software shutdown with transistor 2N4401
How do I do a register read?
How can I fix stuttering motors that are connected to ESC's [Arduino Uno]?
Controlling servo with IR led and photodiode
RFID reader for unknown tag 125kHz
Does Atmega-2560 support image processing capability?
LCD from Arduino Starter Kit not displaying text
Powering Arduino with reverse car lights?
Can't communicate with SIM800 module
Does Arduino Tian/LininoOS support Python 3?
Linking one circuit to two Arduinos
Arduino Disconnects after router password changes
How can I read delay of a note that I am playing
Why do we need to amplify the signal of an electret?
Interrupts on the Arduino NG
Arduino Uno + USB Host Shield + Motor Shield
how to prevent IR signal to go through 3d printed plastic?
Sweeping servo 90 degrees
How is the bootloader activated when device is running?
How to get current time and date in arduino without external source?
Adding external power supply to any arduino connected component
Use Raspberry and Arduino IDE to programm ESP8266
Looking for learning resources to teach the "principles" rather than "follow this" projects
Why doesn't the Ethernet W5100 shield work on Gigabit switch?
Arduino-RS232 converter baud rate problem
ArduCam ESP8266 and (Not-Mini) OV2640 Camera Module interface?
How to transmit characters or just use xbee like serial monitor
Arduino as wireless network host
Motor shield for Arduino Nano ATmega328
Why is the loop() stopping?
Code is supposed To extract data between * ie *989*= 0989*; Runs only once then doesn't please help
Programming ATMega328p using VP812 programmer (for AVR/Atmel chips)
Several Piezo contact mics with Arduino
Why does the serial monitor needs to be repeated a command?
Hardware logic gates for a simple demo with LEDs
How to execute commands on Arduino (via PC) without touching the current sketch?
Programming an ATmega328P by holding it on an Uno's
Servo/Motor for barrier gate
Implementing AT commands with Arduino and ESP8266
UART from Arduino to NodeMCU
Port Manipulation and serial communication
Making an automated watering system with Arduino
Couldn't connect to local server using Ethernet Shield and Arduino Mega 2560
ATtiny85 AC Phase Control for dimming a light bulb
Fatal Exception Error on ESP8266 + Arduino
clear Arduino as a global variable in Matlab
Best way to power an Arduino using the Vin pin
What GUI software/platform can I use to control my Arduino MP3 player over the serial port?
DFPlayer library using RT TX pins
Convert ASCII output to human readable form and assign to a variable
How to send information from a web-site to the arduino?
while(1) loop blocks program to enter interrupt
MFRC522 not scanning card
IR communication not consistent
Arduino pins LCD and motor controller
Removing Robot IR Arduino Library on Macbook
Controlling DC motor using the Servo pins
Adapt a differently pin-interspaced chip to be used with an Arduino
Arduino - Windows can't find the drivers
Arduino with 2 echo sensors
Can't read two bytes through Serial.read - Arduino
running gba files in arudino
Making games on Arduino
ESP8266MOD does not respond to my Uno (Custom board) AT+RST command
LCD5110 - How to make Direct Draw via 2D-array of boolean?
avrdude: stk500_recv(): programmer is not responding - OSX10.11
How to create a heart rate detection system that uses a chest strap?
How to set up a long press with something other than a button?
Led cube circuit
const int re-declaration - memory leakage
List of connected clients to server
Floating pins: digitalRead returns always high or always low
Do I need a transistor if my relay has an optocoupler?
matrix buttons 8x8
Having Arduino read a video game screen
Multiple tones with one piezo buzzer
Get pixel data with OV7670 (w/o FIFO) and Arduino Uno
Are these components connected correctly?
Win10 PCs won't see ATtiny boards
How to save a hex file into Arduino Flash to send it via Serial?
Wait for serial input otherwise start with preconfigured options
Using Arduino libraries for adding more functionalities to a bootloader
bridge messes up serial.print
Safe way to setup I/O to read switch AND manipulate LEDs at the same time
Keypad number input and store
Flash String Helper object as variable
Arduino Mega web server always returning JSON data even if JSON is not passed in URL
How can I send/write two doubles via Bluetooth (nRF8001 Bluefruit LE) in Arduino?
WiFiManager autoconnect after timeout
Digital Reading from a array without using the exact element
Sense checking Arduino Uno barebones schematic
Arduino keeps crashing
Output specific value using port manipulation
Arduino Leonardo model differences
Millis...alternate flash
I am making an easy game but something in my code is wrong
Multichannel communication with Arduino and HC-12 transmitter
How to convert Arduino example sketch to a complete c++ project?
Win10 64bit, IDE 1.8.0 back to IDE 1.6.13 won't compile anything including Blink. 1.6.12 does compile
Multiple I2C sensors with the same address
Arduino uno shift register
System voltages: Can I use a 5V touchscreen shield on a 3.3V arduino?
Show images on a monitor using Arduino via Wifi
Arduino Ethernet Shield on Arduino Mega Pin Usage!
Arduino pro mini (clone) @1Mhz target does not answer
Arduino Nano 3.0 and Arduino Uno Benchmarks
ESP-01 won't start correctly
Equivalent for PORTB in Arduino Mega 2560
RS232-TTL Data Transmission
Need help with the basics on serial control
Creating Arduino library file
How many modules can an Arduino Nano v3 support (in code)?
Arduino DUE as a FTDI programmer
ESP8266 with Arduino Uno - Problem with AT+CIPSEND
How to operate multiple relay boards using a single RF Remote?
Can I use the nRF8001 Bluefruit LE Breakout on 3.3V instead of 5V on my Arduino Uno?
How to flash an ATmega directly without a dedicated flashing device?
Defining Serial UART
Safe place to download CH340G drivers from
How to: Connecting 4-pin Joystick to Arduino board
Adapt Dynamixel library to different shields
What does map() do?
creating table in 24LC256
How do I send a string from an Arduino Slave using SPI?
Accessing Values From Array Within a Library
How to print (or store) gps lat, lng value (TinyGPS++) with Bluetooth BLE nRF8001?
How to multiplex multiple displays?
pulseIn() function not working
Use server.arg results as a function parameter?
Intermittent LOW reading from input pin set to INPUT_PULLUP
How do I order the gcc compiler to generate -S flag in Arduino IDE
Turn on a LED when an other LED turn off
Digital read on voltages between 1 and 31 volts?
How can I adjust my code so that the value that I print with my BLE device does not get chopped up when I receive it on an app?
How can I make this code read a page every 10 seconds?
Control RGB led using microphones, getting the right components
ESP8266 Serial Communication with ATMega328P
The BOOTRST fuse was disabled, but bootloader code is still running after chip reset
WS2812 - First are white and then they turn red/yellow/orange near the end
How to measure ultrasonic sensor without pulsein method?
How to store a string in an object and retrieve it safely later?
How to fix compilation error for tone() using same timer as other function
Volatile variable not updating from timer ISR
Reading Infrared raw data
How do you debug SPI connected devices?
Arduino due - SAM-BA bootloader is it there even if you replace the original chip
How to calculate the time it takes before the water valve stops dispensing water in an Automatic Water level controller?
Stepper motor moves initially but after idle time, clicks and doesn't move for a while
How to delete first voltage reading?
Reseting serial connection?
Reading/Writing salvaged EEPROM
"port" is greyed out in 1.6.13, running win 10 for an Uno R3
NodeMCU sensor values to web page
Creating linear motion using motor
Vary the length of square waveform
Regarding PGA bypass in ADS1262
Arduino Uno with PWM driven motor and 433 MHz wireless receiver don't work
Detecting I2C transfer with LED
Arduino Nano 3.0 dimensions without the pins
Touch-screen, 3 H-bridges and 3 sensors on Arduino Nano 3.0
Unspecified running error while programing WeMos D1 in wireless mode
avrdude: stk500_recv(): programmer is not responding after serial
Arduino Uno as keyboard
Arduino Starter Kit - firmly wiring longer parts
DHT sensors with RGB LED
Timer3 Arduino maximum period
Understanding SevSeg
Can't power mg2639 cellular shield with battery
Why does static member std::map reset ESP8266 when outside the .ino file?
why leonardo bootloader is bigger than UNO?
Find the time between HIGH state & LOW state of push button(switch)
Is the A6 module broken?
MPU6050 safe to use with glue?
Mapping PPM Signals to Servo Values
Accelerometer readings on a moving object
Arduino Problem with using SoftwareSerial and SPI
Reading updated serial data from ESP8266
Arduino Leonardo clone voltage question
Wearable GPS Antenna
Digital Band pass filter on Arduino
Reading serial buffer taking newline character instead of user input
How can I connect H-Bridge motor driver (using four 2n222 transistors) to Arduino?
ADS1262 and 2.2 SPI TFT (Two SPI Slave) with Arduino
Arduino connection websocket always fails
What does the following code in Morse Code Arduino mean?
How can I setup a LED state change with push buttons?
Better way to remap 16-Key Touch keypad
Using SIMCOM SIM800 as a Bluetooth SPP Client
Yet another "Mac cannot find USB serial port" post
rc522 RFID reader will only accept first tag after power up
Serial Monitor stops printing data
No power from Breadboard Power Supply Module
Serial communication between Arduino and Java NetBeans
Arduino - Rural A-GPS Station
Weird text when pressing a certain touch button
Measuring ADC sample rate - Arduino DUE
Issues with analog microphone readings
How to write an integer value to an RFID tag?
MATLAB+Arduino+LCD
error: too few arguments to function 'char* itoa(int, char*, int)' byte blockcontent= itoa(order); ^ In file include
How do I lock out a push button input with a selectable delay?
How do I squeeze code to fit onto an ATTiny
Storing latitude and longitude floats as chars with specified precision
Measuring ADC sample rate - Arduino DUE
ATtiny Mapping PPM Inputs to Move Servo Issue
Control the "TV remote"
How to programmatically upload an Arduino sketch generated by node.js (electron) or from browser?
shiftOut using SPI isn't working
Peak counting in serial Arduino
Help: convert Arduino code to avr-gcc code
Possibility of getting a UID on Arduino
How to use multiple SPI slaves in MKR1000 if it doesn't have Slave Select (SS/CS) pin?
Graphical programing language for Arduino
How to setup OpenCV with Arduino?
LED doesn't register as LOW after a switch has cut all power to it
Serial Communication Issue with Telit LE910 LTE Modem
How do I stop 5v on the I2C port of a pro mini so I can use 3.3v devices?
How to store 1 bit Boolean data into EEPROM and retrieve this 1 bit data?
Is it better to use Vraw or Vcc on Mini Pro?
Huge nested loop in Arduino
Electronically, should single or several ground pins be used?
Set pins to LOW over time
Arduino stops loop randomly whenever a button is pressed
Change select pin of USB Host library
How to detect pinout at run-time
How safe is it to use my body as part of a circuit?
Communication between 2 nRF24l01s and 2 Arduino unos
String use in arduino IDE (this question for understanding)
Is there a way to "list" (in BASIC, or "cat" in LINUX) the current sketch loaded in my xxxDUINO?
How to burn bootloader/program an ATMega 328P with an external crystal 8 MHz oscilator?
Wireless Sensor communication with 100Hz rate
Avrdude fails to verify after upload
Is it possible to have an Adafruit music maker shield and a sensor connected to the same Arduino?
Multi-LED Toggle Switch
Using both a stepper motor and a DC motor with Arduino motor shield R3
SocketIO Arduino TCP Port ISSUE
Arduino Mega prototype analog timer interrupts: newbie question
Arduino reading its own voltage wrong
Issue with Arduino Timing
Not getting proper readings on Arduino from MAP Sensor
Controlling a button
Suse or Debian Linux Installation on Raspberry PI 3
Reduce current consumption on ATtiny85
Connect ESP8266 to Thingspeak
Is there any way to check with Arduino UNO if a sensor is connected and ready to be read?
Why is SD card failing to begin?
How to get each byte in byte array out and be able to work with them on their own?
Following on ESP8266 Board pins, how do they map on the motor shield?
Typedef Function Pointer Invoking Issue
Fan dropping voltage?
UART communication issue on Arduino Mega
Arduino and GPS module Neo 6m
Powering up LED strip - How many amps?
max7219 chained display showing mirrored text
Would an Arduino Uno be suitable for a simple time-based locking circuit?
How do you configure ADC7 on the Arduino Pro Mini as a digital output?
32x32 RGB-LED Matrix displaying Arabic Font with Font Forge more easily
Push to 2D array (log) but last value pushed is everywhere
Get data from a running exe on my pc
EEPROM put and get not working on ESP8266 (NodeMCU)
Why do I get avrdude: stk500v2_ReceiveMessage(): timeout error when uploading to Arduino Mega?
Reading multiple DI pins in parallel as one byte/word
How can I run HC-05 on 8MHz Pro Mini?
Manipulating 3 IR led's on Arduino Uno
Servo motors not working when called upon using I2C
Building a low voltage disconnect w/ timer - need help with the timer
How to run functions concurrently
Remote controlled lights
ATtiny88 ADC reference voltage setting
How to identify connection lost on HC-06?
Arduino and ESP8266 Two-way Communication
Replace Wire library with TinyWireM
Arduino time between interrupts in POV led display
How to choose a transmit pin in the IRremote library for an Arduino Uno?
Serial Getting Garbage Data with real data
Increase Serial Rx buffer
Working on Binary code with arduino
How to on/off light dimmer using another pin?
How to run background music while the code for a game is executed
Error: Cannot find module 'serialport'. node.js, Arduino Yun
Which Arduino is the most suitable for my project?
Arduino Countdown without using delay()
Arduino LCD is displaying gibberish, sometimes
What software should I use to program my ATmega2560?
Pattern detection in sensor data
How to calculate air velocity from wire resistance?
Endless loop on boot after reflashing ESP-12E with AT firmware
PWM doesn't work with my sketch
How To Read Serial Data With NodeMCU
ISR and multiplexing- time required to execute the code in Arduino
How can I concatenate multiple byte Arrays into one Array
Problem to convert rotary encoder output to angle
How can I switch a 1.5V buzzer with my Arduino?
Analog output doesn't work for just 2 LEDs [Arduino Mega]
Flash an ESC Through Serial USB without Arduino Interrupting the Signal
ESP8266 as WiFi monitor
5V power supply negative terminal connection
How do I fix the serial loader on my Pro Mini?
Stepper motor is not working according to code
Disable SCK temporarily to save power
Arduino to ESP8266 (SoftwareSerial) communication, does not receive full data
Minimal ATmega328p Ethernet Configuration
Convert LIRC config file to Arduino IR remote command
How can I make this button toggle the position of a servo?
Serial.print start prints unreadable character without any reason
Qduino Mini bricked?
Failing to write to SD card using SD.h
How can i provide enough power on an UNO to use the HC-12 wireless module?
Trouble while using Arduino DUE as programmer
Why is integer-to-string not working in this sketch?
LCD displays wrong temperature
How to setup HC05 Module to be distinguishable
Arduino read PWM duty cycle value with input (analog / digital)
Why adding a LED between Pin 3 and Ground causes LCD display not to show text?
What does an arduino sketch translate to before compilation?
Slowly increase speed using PWM arduino
Delay between multiple analogReads
Confusion with storage of declared variables and volatile
FreeRTOS Implementation on Arduino
Where is Arduino.h on a Mac? Can I download a copy if missing?
How to increase sensitivity of Capacitive Touch Switch?
At what frequency/rate does the digitalRead function read an input?
Arduino Uno, BLE Bluetooth Shield and Braccio Arm Shield
Strange characters after typing an AT command in serial monitor
Teensy lc linker script question
Mains-Frequency Clock Library
What is the best board for setting up an SSH protocol to an Arduino?
Wiring a potentiometer to control a 9V battery powering 2 LEDs in series
Do I need to use the PWM pins in order to control brushless motors Arduino Uno?
Fading LED Lights
Can I use Arduino to generate a 0 to 15V analog output?
Flash Esp-01 and Esp-12 using NodeMCU module
Writing to a SPI memory
Confusion in the use of byte variable
Multiple if statements - stuck
5V 1A vs 5V 5A power supply for 6 LED + Arduino
Weird formatting behavior with sprintf function
Make Arduino Executable File
Can't upload new sketch
'content' is not captured
Error: "invalid use of non-static member function" while calling a function from my own class-method
Moving average sticks in fictitious zeroes for the first readings. This delays accuracy
I need to control an external circuit with Arduino
I can send AT Commands, but cannot upload sketch to ESP8266 via Generic ESP Module
Can't able to detect Square wave from 74HC14
Confusion on array definition at Arduino website
Run 2 loops side by side
How to explain the need/advantage for volatile in terms of microcontroller instruction flow
Setting the sampling rate for timer interrupt
My servo is misbehaving
If-statement gets ignored?
Comparing two char array
Subtraction with doubles returning zero erroneously
I2C communication, wrong response
Understanding Soil Moisture Sensor Values
how does a bluetooth on android works and what are the best alternative in saving data receive from bluetooth?
Is there a way to keep a program on the Arduino after uploading new sketches?
How to skip the first line and output the second?
One of my my buttons is interfering with the other (i think)
Define a string with single quotation marks?
MCP23017 and stepper motors
Melzi 2.0 Board Firmware Upload problem
Which timer does Arduino Nano use for each PWM pin?
Is there an advantage to set pinmodes via bitmask and register?
Absolute encoder vs Accelerometer for calculating angles
Does anyone know how to connect 2 digipots to Arduino? (MCP4141)
Using strings inside mBlock extensions code
Using StringStream in Arduino sketch
Lighting LED with Arduino Uno from PC keyboard
Upload custom trinket firmware
Ethernet Shield 2 data to PHP server doesn't work
Powering Arduino Uno from 5V pin, what exactly is the voltage range/tolerance?
Why do the LEDs visibly flicker?
Problem with receiving data from Arduino via HC05 sent by Java
Delaying an action inside a function
Analog inputs on ATtiny85 don't work
Arduino Uno Wunderground weather station - Ethernet connection failed
Need to filter low voltage from a piezo buzzer circuit
How to have some code executed at a certain time of day with a DS3231 RTC?
'MeDCMotor' does not name a type error inside mBlock
How to do weigh scale zeroing (tare weight)?
Using millis() function to start at potentiometer reading
How can I use my Arduino sketches on my Raspberry Pi IDE?
Arduino ATmega 2560 frequency measurement
Using 8-bit instead of 16-bit in Adafruit library
Figuring out IR sensor PWM frequency with Arduino
How do I specify a particular pin to use as output for the Print class?
How do you connect parts once all GPIO ports are used?
Why can't I use just the digital pins and a ground to use a potentiometer?
Why is my code only reading the change of the encoder's pin A?
Different functions using 2 buttons
Best way to send text to ESP8266 remote display
Error while trying to drive relay through the state of a digital input pin in Arduino
Custom source directory
Is there any way I can light up a candle with an Arduino?
Serial parsing strange data
Large stack-based buffer in class without filling up program storage space
Multiple buttons on single interrupt, how to debounce?
Serial Connection
Why does "!=LOW" != "HIGH"?
Arduino digital output pin controling relay problem
Brushless motor + ESC with Arduino question
Low Power Pin Change Detection (ATtiny)
WiFi.status() hangs / resets board
TPS/MAP calculation problem - SOLVED
Measure the duration a pin is in a HIGH state
Arduino Mega read data from USB
Arduino rc plane logger
Pulldown resistors and multiple switches
How do I configure the Arduino IDE to look for source code in a subdirectory within the directory that holds my sketch?
DS18b20 Order of sensors on a cable
Error message - help needed
How do I accelerate a stepper motor?
Arduino analog input protection
Arduino + UltraSensor - Serial Monitor outputs garbage
Trying to explain strange behavior when attempting to do a digitalWrite to A7 on a pro mini?
Load website from SD card
Getting a fixed sampling rate
What's the difference between all the Software Serial Libraries? Which one is Arduino Nano compatible?
I2C conflict with 2 Arduinos
I2C wire.h send 2 variables
Arduino IDE Can't find the USB Port
In ESP-12E NodeMCU, what's the pin number of A0?
Can I hook up an Analog multiplexer to Arduino Nano?
Reverting Arduino Environment on OS X
How to select arduino 101 in ubuntu?
How to compile a sketch using arduino-builder?
Will M2.5 screws fit the holes in the Arduino Uno?
How to set limits in Arduino of pin x to remain in high state?
Wemos D1R2 - Onewire 2 DS18B20 passing to variable
Can't get deep sleep to work on Wemos D1 ESP8266
decomposition long number to byte and recomposition With FRAM
Using multiple HC-SR04: sharing trigger pin and interference between HC-SR04
Is there a module for driving 2 stepper simultaneously?
Is there anything special about Arduinos?
Noise from the I2C - digital potentiometer
How to connect an industrial sensor to Arduino Uno?
How to increase life of EEPROM?
How to connect to pins when using I2C LCD shield?
WS2812B strip stopped responding to control
Attiny85 DigiSpark: Drive 128X64 OLED screen, no picture problem
How to interpret the data from GPS GY-NEO6MV2 using Arduino Uno?
Am I able to connect an anti static wrist strap to the ground pin on the Arduino uno?
Bluetooth signal returns 0
Strange power comsuption into sleep mode
I can't receive data from Arduino through Bluetooth
DS18B20 and Arduino - Internall Pull-Up
Why is the stack pointer out of range?
How to define SoftwareSerial pins on ESP8266
Error: request for member 'RGB' in 'redLed' , which is of non-class type 'int'
Optimization Teensy 3.6 Arduino IDE fast I/O Multiplexing Led Matirx
Weird characters at the end of LCD
Java NetBeans sending value and receiving value from Arduino
Storing data on AT24C02 EEPROM chips with Arduino
How should I initialize a RepRap Discount 12864 on u8glib?
What happens if device sends data to arduino over serial port (UART) and arduino is unable to read it
Turning an electric vehicle
Connect my Arduinos to central server, despite different IP adresses
What is the difference between a 3 pin and 4 pin ultrasonic range sensor?
Showing chronometer on PC controlling the begining and end of time by Arduino
Arduino Nano nRF24L01+ DFPlayer Mini SPI Problem
Avrdude fails at specific baudrates
Multi Level Button Menu
What is the opposite of this data operation?
Arduino Controller Mute Button
Arduino audio frequency reader
ESP8266-12E and MCP23017 , unable to identify the application
Flash a hex file to an MCU/Arduino over the air?
Arduino Nano CNC V4 AMS1117 3.3V
How to make the motor move after a certain period of time?
Arduino HC05 - AT commands won't respond
Working on my second project and I'm confused about proper procedure for turning on the arduino
Using HC-12 radio on UNO or NANO without software serial
Having problems registering my SIM800 with the network
Firmata C++ library for host?
Communication between two ESP8266 modules using Arduino IDE
No reply from GSM module
Power save Sleep Mode Arduino
How do I go from modules to PCB?
On extending scrolling 8x8 bitmap to 32x32 or 32x64 (see clip)
Arduino Mega + ESP8266 - Post Data to website issue
Run different code on different type of reset in arduino nano
How do I "conditionally" include libraries and declare global objects of them?
Inputting list of data
Arduino library making
Splitting a float into bytes for storage in FRAM (like EEPROM)
Why is my Serial port not printing the right output?
"undefined reference to" - C++
Splitting DOUBLE in byte for save on EEPROM
Arduino Ground Current and DC power jack
How do I find my 1N 4007 diodes?
Playing WAV file from Arduino Uno using Ethernet R3 Shield
Anything wrong with this code?
FastLed (WS2812B) and IRRemote problem
Implementing AT commands on ESP8266
How to analyse audio and to affect source?
Setting a pointer to NULL in Arduino library - error: ‘NULL’ was not declared in this scope
Start/Stop/Reset the melody using buttons
Fastest communication between Arduino and PC
I need a simple, low power, low cost wireless switch to transmit to Arduino
Checking for multiple values in IF separated by commata
ESP8266 & Initial State
Arduino Uno: Sensor shield powering multiple servos
Powering Arduino through 12V USB communication unstable
Cycling LED's for specific time period with millis()
Adding to the counter only ONCE while R2 =<200
Help combining code
Serial printf implementation
ESP8266 doesn't respond to Serial.println("AT")
Expected ')' before ';' token Error
Burning the Arduino bootloader without an extra Arduino board
Arduino board as USB/serial for a Nano with broken USB
Bot not activating after button press
Can I monitor data of variables while simulating Arduino on Proteus?
Can't communicate my 2 Xbee modules using API mode
New Arduino Motor Shield Short Circuiting my board?
Square LED vs Round LED
Read frequency to voltage with Arduino
Why does the Arduino Uno WiFi network connection drop when requesting a page?
Using same pins number in different arduino?
Voltage and Current and Arduino
how to wrap/scroll text with U8G2
Arduino serial controlled tone generator only working with single digit ints?
How can I see if volume buttons of Apple earphones are pressed?
Why won't my iMac recognize my Mega32u4 Arduino Pro Micro board (I've tried several cables)?
NodeMCU serial port - use with computer and device at the same time
Automatic subtle colour changing on ws2812b with arduino
How to have compiler know whether Arduino or ESP8266?
Is there any way that the two 'different' programs of arduino can be run one after another keeping each one separate?
What are devices in this picture?
Problem with PWM interference
Make something happen on a continous input just once and for a specific amount of time
Bluetooth data: how to handle these data?
Not understanding C++ arrays
Newbie Arduino DC motor problem
Why am i getting "phantom" readings from a flowmeter?
Reading PushButton status with pyserial
Is this example for playing music without delay correct?
Need clarification with arduino syntax
Why does my LCD screen display white rectangles?
Using analog in to read a push button
How to program an Arduino Uno Pro with a makefile?
Arduino Due connection with FLIR Lepton
Demultiplexing Arduino with C++ code
Can't operate relay's functionality in ISR function - SOLVED
How I Can Send the status of switch in SMS by Arduino?
Demux 1 LED at a time
How to vary the frequency of a PWM sinewave with arduino uno?
Reading values from Wiznet w5500 chip over SPI
24LC1025 Arduino - Data Writing Problem
Simple reading and writing on Floppy Disk
Stop time in Tkinter Stopwatch with a PushButton
Reading a 10-byte buffer out of a PROGMEM string stored in a string table
Aurduino Smart Wifi Wall Socket
Reading and Writing RS232 in Digtial Pins 3 and 4
Store a variable?
Read value from a file inside SD card
Term for Two-Channel Analog Switch Module/Digital MUX
How to verify that my FTDI bridge for ESP8266 is communicating with my PC?
Run Code Based on Time From GSM Module (SIM900)
How to power my Arduino mini using wall socket?
How to make a servo sweep from 0 to 180 on press of a button on PS2 controller? (without delay)
How to find integer inside a file with STRNCMP
how can i generate square pulse at 50khz frequency to drive two mosfets at a duty ratio .6
Undefined reference in Eclipse of .h and .cpp files
Problem using IRremote library
Where is PORTB defined?
Problem burning bootloader on ATmega328P using internal clock
Send commands to ESP8266 over WiFi
autoCalibrateAccelerometerOffset() Why does my Z values swing from 0 to 1g in static condition?
Arduino Robot won't move
How to set counter for two ultrasonic sensors?
Is the DHT.h library compatible with ESP8266 Arduino IDE compiler?
I'm facing a problem with cap sense proximity
airduno mega 2560 and ESP8266-07
A coding problem or improper interrupt usage?
white screen : 2.8" TFT LCD Screen Module: HY-280TFT
LCD Display Issue
Controlling 4 LED strips
Insert Variables In AT commandes
Battery level indicator
Simple example multiplexer usage
How compact, small and smart a fluid detector need to be communicate with external systems?
Understanding writing to input pins and pull up resistors
Servo motor with 9V battery
ESP01 flashing error
Can I safely power my UNO and DC motors with the 5v1A and 5v2.1A ports on a USB charger?
Problem sending data from arduino with ESP8266 to a local mysql database
I2C Arduino ESP8266 Bad Reading
Is my arduino board broken?
esp8266-12e Nodemcu 1.0 board not starting uploaded data sketch from Arduino IDE
NodeMCU Light Sensor
How to send sensor data from Arduino through NRF24L01 to Raspberry Pi
How to concatenate strings
Powering Arduino Mega 2560 from a Raspberry Pi Usb
Arduino for push notifications to phone
Does Arduino sent output to TX pinout?
Time displays on serial monitor but not my LCD
Seven segment display multiplexing
Ethernet Shield - Multiple simultaneous connections cause TCP reset
Buffering output stream
Using PROGMEM in constructor
Unable to connect Arduino Uno to Ubuntu 16.04
Sending values from Matlab to arduino using serial communication
Carry out two consecutive tasks when a button is pressed
Powering ESP8266EX with batteries and a voltage divider
Connecting a sensor to the 5V pin shorts Arduino Nano
Vin and Ground pins shorting only under specific conditions
Driving two stepper motors using one stepper motor driver
When is it necessary to use "float" instead of "int"?
Arduino Uno-Spider Robot Plan
Arduino Nano not visible in Serial Ports (Mac OS)
Can I port a project built on Arduino Uno to a standalone ATmega328 using the exact same code?
How to use to two different programs into one stkech
Motor shields in arduino
Issues using HC-06 Bluetooth module with arduino
Unable to program Arduino mega2560?
Did I fry my DUE by powering it from a external source and USB at the same time? If so, why?
Xbee can send from arduino to XCTU, but not the other way around
Why won't this code work on an Arduino Mega 2560 (It works on an Arduino Uno)?
Call function and not came back
Why is D3 not activating?
GSM serial get event or read the whole input?
DS1307RTC Outputting cryptic 165/165/2165 date. What are some possible fixes?
Scanning for I2C addresses
Voltage changes but digitalRead always HIGH
MIDI and DMX together
Multiple push buttons
Arduino whack-a-mole game not working
Control time without delay() Arduino
USB DEVICES WITH THE 32U4?
Accelerometer (I2C) and Fona Shield (software serial) won't work together
Serialprint and analogRead time
Make device based on CH340G working as keyboard
Finding and loading "libraries"
Is there any chance of fixing it?
Xbee S2 API Data Packets dropping out
Arduino based SPI programming of LT1257 not working
Input Capture Pin Atmel ATmega328P
X and Y axis on Arduino Serial Plotter?
FTDI to HM-10(CC2541) serial command no response
Brownout with Arduino Nano
Why does my code or Serial Monitor hang with analogRead?
Power bank turns off spontaneously
ADC with better performance
SIM808 module restarting repeatedly
Need help with my project
Worldwide "Arduino in education" events
How can I connect an arduino to a raspberry pi via an HC 05 bluetooth module and transmit data?
Issue regarding executing sketch code when not connected to USB
Why does my ESP8266 making an HTTP request to an MDNS responder keep getting redirected to my ISP's search engine?
Can an Arduino emulate a USB mass storage device?
Connecting to the Sparkfun Redboard on Mac OS X Sierra
Is it possible to burn a bootloader to an ATTiny85 with USB TTL and avrdude?
How can I send integer from arduino to another arduino by FS1000A / XY-MK-5V 433Mhz TX/RX Module (WIFI)?
How do you program to make a random timer to start and stop to music?
3.3v inductive proximity sensors
HTTP post request in JSON Format using SIM900 module
DFROBOT I2C 16x2 Arduino LCD Display Module I2C communication interface
How to properly use interruptions with twi (I2C)
Is there a good Arduino enclosure for that works with the Olimex MIDI shield
Do we really need to upload Arduino bootloader for new Atmega IC
Problems creating 10Hz pulse wave
Can I set arbitrary SPI clock speeds?
Does the reset button clean a programe that you programmed?
is it possible to power esp8266 with button cell
Problem with TIMER in Arduino DUE
Identification of IoT
Format Integer in Arduino
Dual OLED displays showing the same image via SPI?
ESP8266 Timing question / Do something in 2 seconds even
Read data from arduino once only serial communications (jSSC)
Arduino Nano BME280 weird values
How to connect a digital sensor through SPI
Making the speaker play a certain frequency of sound
Two-way communication on multimaster I2C bus
If the USB gives 5v, how can the Arduino supply 5v to the 5v pin? (And another question)
Hacking old car dvd monitors with arduino
Arduino, Receiving Instant Time When Event Occurs
Problem with transmitting 2 byte data in correct way
Question about configuration EEPROM or Flash
Arduino WiFi/ESP8266 WiFi Password Changed
Another problem with code; boolean?
LCD isn't working with if statement
SPI communication Problem Arduino
Ultrasonic sensors with 12v motors will not work! (ADRUINO)
Controlling common anode RGB LED with PWM - Can individual colors be done w/o transistors?
Generating a short pulse after a delay
Arduino MIDI Program Change to Voodoo Labs GCX Converter
missing some data after data is sent by FS1000A / XY-MK-5V 433Mhz TX/RX Module (WIFI)
Toggle a led with a switch
Connection between Arduino Mega 2560 , ESP8266-12F , PCF8574
Interrupt routine for button somehow respondng to room lamp turning off and on
Arduino code is not working for unipolar stepper motor
Working on a simple door lock
Do (cheap) SD modules support file I/O?
A question on physical locations of the registers in ATmega328P
What controller should i use?
Initializing pointer to vector of objects inside another object
Connecting two arduinos with wifi over the Internet
Does SoftwareSerial use hardware timer?
Arduino 5v output dead?
Arduino and USB power, what to choose
Arduino Serial and myserial clarification. How to print out rx output?
sleep and wake up arduino mega according to ds3231 interrupt
Arduino Serial Port. COM1 does not exist
Explain what is meant by "Arduino core"
Tiny RTC I2C module not working
A confusion with setting timers
The program keeps skipping over the running 1 and 2 states even though the prereqs are met
Arduino DigitalWrite() Super Basic Circuit measure voltage with multimeter
Converting `millis()` to decimal seconds?
ESP8266 and Arduino integration
Contoller for a stepper motor
Problem with shift register
Is there a constant for the Maximum Unsigned Long value in an Arduino compiler?
Arduino Zero (ATSAMD21G) - I2C - continuous wrong data flow
Right way to convert 120VAC to 5V?
How to communicate with GPS SIM900a without Serial Monitor
ESP8266 ASyncTCP class example
Sublime as external editor, error on Arduino compile dropdown: "avr-g++ is not recognized...", from Stino
Using a MOSFET module to control DC LED PWM
OVF in serial monitor instead of data
How to get response of issued AT command for ES266 on Arduino programatically?
fatal error ESP8266WiFi.h: No such file or directory
Any resources you know with regards to remotely reading data from arduino?
Max current of Vin and 5V pin on Arduino Nano
Radio Issues with RF69HW
Encoders for precise robot turns
Led and button simulation of a blink
Does int array[100] = {0} contruct work on Arduino?
BLE Shield v2.1
MIDI connectors / Diodes
ESP01 unsuccessful code execution
Post-split, where do I download the Arduino IDE?
How I can make alarm on off?
How can an Arduino-Quadcopter be stabilized?
Cheat Sheet for interruption
Why does the serial monitor output show some unidentified symbols?
5V usb surge protection for circuit board?
Stop Led's from blinking
Increase IR transmitter directivity and range
PCF8563 does not remember time when restarting Arduino Uno?
FFT library for Arduino 101?
Advice needed, commercializing an Arduino Due project
Weird probled with TFT LCD screen and DHT22 sensor
CAN-Bus shield, SD-card module & LED_BUILTIN use D13; possible collision?
I2C Wire.write function doesn't seem to work
Open video file if sensor reaches certain threshold value
Change conditioning in real time
My Digispark board won't show up in Ports tab in Arduino IDE (OSX)
Using SlickEdit to compile Arduino files
Why is the piezo buzzer not making any sound?
I2C between 2 or more Arduino boards
Arduino LCD Display 2x16 custom char byte limit
Controlling servos
M0 pro: SPI communication, code works on Uno, but not in M0. Using ICSP port
Program Arduino Uno via Nano
LM35 gets very hot
Weird result printing an array using a loop
Is EEPROM's location relocated on sketch compile?
How can I receive several inputs from wifi and save them?
MAX7219 not behaving as expected
Can I use NodeMCU with Arduino to connect to wifi or do I need a separate module?
What is the worst time case for Arduino Mega?
Nick Gammon "Camera shutter speed timer"
5pt font for Neopixel shield
Arduino interrupt not called using PinChangeInterrupt
Slackbot integration using ESP8266 gets "ssl->need_bytes=16432 > 6859"
Can regular Arduino pins be used during SPI?
Will an in-circuit programmer mess up my board?
USB and Arduino: Power Arduino, charge LiPo, and transfer data at the same time
Compiling code via terminal
Can the Arduino be hurt by connecting too many LEDs in serial?
Wiring BMP280 to Arduino Uno
Square wave based on falling edge of alternative pulse of upcoming RPM square wave
Arduino to read from RS232 converter to TTL serial module (updated)
Void value not ignored
analogRead returning 0 constantly when connected to joystick
How can I alter my program to read PWM signals from Arduino Mega?
Connect Arduino Uno to video camera's web Server via Ethernet (not working)
DS18B20 - Temperature a bit off?
Serial LCD has like a "rolling shutter"
Photoresistor value drops when board stacked on Arduino Uno
unexpected change of ADC value with multiple voltage dividers (thermistors and pot)
Calculate the time since arduino started working for a year
fob_init(void) code for interfacing the arduino with nrf24l01+
Motor running during Motor Shield R3 reset
How do I make specific tones with a piezo buzzer?
door protector using arduino uno and GSM sim800 module
How to use a 4-pin ultrasonic sensor as a 3-pin ping sensor?
Arduino Mega external interrupts fire randomly
I have a diagram of my Arduino circuit. How do get it ready for PCB manufacture?
Using rotary encoders with pin change interrupts
Trying to understand interaction of interrupts, noInterrupts and delays
Running Multiple Languages on Arduino
Initially my Arduino executes a series of PWM signals simultaneously, but after some iterations it adds around a second between PWM executions
RTL8170 Web Server - client unable to connect
How to send command from coordinator to router in Xbee?
How do I check if a password is right? (keypad input)
door protector arduino program
Enter timing value via keypad for bldc motor spin
Wakeup Pin ESP8266
Unable to receive SMS on Android
SSD1306 OLED LCD Library Errors
toInt error when converting character of string to interger
Connect Two Arduino Uno's
Arduino + DS18B20 array
Can I drive an LM334(Z) from an Arduino with AnalogWrite()?
Atmega32 push button library problem
Arduino randomly does incorrect addition
Two function Reset button - long/short press
In line following robot do this code work perfectly as iam unclear about the right and left moving programing lines
How do I free up space on arduino Yun shield?
attachInterrupt HIGH
Arduino Nano memory issue. SD card and LCD screen together
Serial Write fails to send when Motors moving
Arduino not recognized by PC, overheats and L led is always on
Arduino IDE doesn't release COM port after programming
Problem in getting the output (language: Processing and Arduino IDE)
Arduino Blink two LEDs without Delay(amount of repetitions)
How do I update library h-file in arduino create online editor?
How get assembler/preprocessed code for library
MPU6050 Sending Bad values for Angular Velocity
Line Following Robot
MPU-9250 IMU on SPI, external sensor or magnetometer using I2C master
fast reacting color sensor
Sending data from Arduino to laptop via bluetooth using java
MAX485 communication between multiple Arduinos
The fastest way to read out a digital pin state in an Arduino Due
help connecting atmega32 micro-controller to LAN
Is ATmega 328 on Arduino UNO already bootloaded?
Unable to read and write serial data between two arduino's (hc-05 paired) when using a sensor
Reading multiple cases on Serial
Playing a pcm file through a speaker with arduino
Solid-state relay boards: Can they be used to switch audio signals?
What is the point of a adafruit data logger
Can an Arduino power itself off [not low power mode] via software?
How to make two small micros communicate with my Arduino over BLE?
Burning a bootloader onto my Arduino MEGA 2560 without another arduino board, or isp board
Read all relay output (high or low) from Bluetooth through Android app
What is this green board?
Reading Json object name in arduino
How to make HC05 bluetooth module undiscoverable or limited discoverable
Arduino receives no external UART comms after Serial.begin(9600)
Arduino play many piezo at once
Why would uninitialized SD-card module without card disable CAN-Bus shield?
conflicts with LiquidCrystal.h and SoftwareSerial.h library?
Arduino + motor driver (L293D) power consumption
Help with struct variable
AC Motor speed control using SSR?
Is it possible to digitally stop a moving motorbike using an Arduino module?
3 buttons digital inputs
Input-Output Circuit Issue
PulseIn tachometer
Correct connections: 7-segment, 4-digit display with common anode
Is there a way to setup an interrupt to trigger at n number of clock cycles from now?
Arduino to Beaglebone black
From Exploring Arduino Text
ColorPal Sensor
What is difference between analog and digital input and output, and when should i use anlog or digital (input or output)?
MISO pin issue in SPI
Autolock transistor for powering Arduino
Smooth breathing led
Build error on a phantom file that is not in my sketch, but somehow created in AppData/Local/Temp\build
Using Air Quality Sensors like MQ135 to sense dust particles
exit status 1 'mcpButtonState' cannot be used as a function
3D printer Arduino sketch
DS18B20 - Thermometer and Sensor discrepancy (varying)
Arduino Due, program not there after power off
Serial Monitor (user input)
Deprecated Conversion error
How fast is a SD page read from a file?
How i can have one code for multi sensors
How much current does an Arduino Mega draw from a LiPo battery (5,000 mAh)?
Arduino timer library for piezo
How to get data from a sensor's FIRST IN FIRST OUT FIFO register (from two's complement)
Unable to boot Windows 10 iso file on arduino uno
How to create TCP server on Arduino UNO WiFi?
what is the use of Serial.begin(9600)
Problems powering standalone arduino with USB powerbank
Arduino UNO WiFi RestServer returning "not found"
Arduino UNO WiFi "wifi shield not present"
How to execute three functions at the same time?
Is there any way to use a JTAG programmer with the Arduino IDE?
Blink 2 LEDs one at a time every x seconds
Char transmission using Virtualwire RF signal
SSD1306Ascii Library
Can't Flash ESP8266 latest firmware, says "Fast Flashing error" and "Invalid head of packet(' ')
Run exe or apk on Arduino
Why is my circuit working only when I touch it?
How to convert macros for Arduino code?
I have a problem uploading blink
How do I use a photodiode for arduino?
How to run TCP socket server on Arduino Uno WiFi?
My HM-10 Bluetooth module only returns OK after any AT command
Bredboard board in new release
(Beginner) Blinking led call function
Why connect the source pin on a mosfet to the pull down resistor?
I think I have a bad batch of TPIC6B595
GSM 900A modem not responding to AT commands
Not showing output when using pins other than 10 and 11 with SoftwareSerial library on Arduino Mega
Errors when compiling the GSM SMS receive example from the Arduino IDE
Precaution issue
Error while updating ThingSpeak using SIM808
Arduino Uno not including two header files at the same time
Using Youtube API with ESP8266 = redirection problems
Why sensor acts erratically?
I2C MCP4725 DAC connection speed
Serial read in ESP8266-01 not working
Better cycling through the RGB colors
HELP with, I think, are wrongly placed Interrupts
Easy way to upload sketches using MIDI (without RX pin removed)
Generating random pattern on startup
How can I convert a char into a string?
Serial not displaying sketch for MPU6050
47Effects MIDI Library and serial debugging
Use input capture for multiple sensors simultaneously
74HC595 with 4 digit 7 segment display. Any way to get rid of leading zeros?
Virtual analog inputs? Possible?
Connecting ACS 712 30A to my Solar Panel with Arduino
How to stop transmission i2c on LCD 16x4 i2c
WiFiESP constantly losing connection
Light up more than one LED connected to 74HC595 Shift Register
Can't send SoftwareSerial to Class Object
What difference between readString and while loop read
Using an esp8266, how can I create a circuit to measure 2 different analog inputs (not simultaneously) with only one ADC pin available (A0)
Instance does not name a type, in function void loop (8x8 matrix)
Arduino Uno with ESP8266
Cutting off OneWire/SDA line with transistors
Arduino String memory allocation
Possible error in CAN-Bus shield schematic?
How can I call the variable **Servo::write** in Arduino for my 360 servo?
What Are The Differences Between Arduino Language and Standard C for MCU?
Is something wrong with my Adafruit motor shield?
Arduino Serial Communication Issue
How to detect if the arduino wire is still connected
Manchester 433MHz Nano to ATTiny85
The working of a MFRC522 and its Interface protocols?
Having some trouble incrementing counters
POE with Arduino Leonardo Eth
Control a motor with a button
Servos stop after a while in case of 8 servo motor control
Why the command noDisplay() clear all LCD screen?
Using two MIDI inputs with Arduino UNO (with one serial)
Low Power Library 4 seconds ON, 10 minutes OFF
EEPROM write time
Using Arduino as a pc remote controller
Trying to move a stepper motor back and forth
Arduino LED Dimmer Proportionate to Ambient Light
L298n - both outputs to one motor
Arduino Yun Analog Read Problem
External Flash Memory File System
How to connect 70 analog sensor to a single Arduino (Mega or Uno) device?
How do I write and read internal EEPROM?
What's the difference between analogWrite and digitalWrite?
Arduino Sdcard database Library
Problem regarding Arduino & GSM module kit
Scheduled loops using same function
I would like to know the ATMEGA wiring to Arduino
HC-SR04 and LCD Circuit Problem
Custom DAC for Arduino UNO
Arduino Control TV over RS232
Global memory reduction when using SPI/SD
Time delay without using delay() and millis()
Pin identification for a salvaged LCD
Liquid level sensor
SD card in Arduino
Problem sending array data from matlab to arduino
Laser emitter + receiver for Arduino (Arduino to Arduino communication)
Is the SIM800L 3G? Or is it able to connect to 3G?
Controlling amplifier using remote control jack
Arduino eeprom_put sketch writes data in two locations?
code optimazation 6x6 Matrix
Can't include files
How can I implement a parking counter with multiple entrances and exit?
SPI.H library to control APA102
How do I power an arduino without USB?
Forwarding serial output from a Nano to Uno that's used as the ISP
How to send messages to multiple numbers using Arduino uno & SIM800 module?
What would be the best way to sense the tank level of a 1000L water tank?
Working or functionality of pinMode(), digitalWrite() and digitalRead()
Pllzz help me with this error i m using Arduino uno r3 on win 10
Local variable usage in SRAM not counted
Deep sleep mode for the Uno without complicated circuits?
Arduino analog pins
Arduino Nano TX LED is on
wiring a arduino led project
Arduino IDE COM Port error on Windows 10
Serial1 is not reading the Xbee on a Arduino Due
Linking Arduino and Matlab
Why is there no smooth value from ADXL335?
How to change the baud rate of ESP8266 (12E) using an Arduino Uno?
Problem connecting 10W led + Led driver Directly Arduino Uno
Arduino Shield on Breadboard
Passing variable value in structure object
Hex to binary, LED blinking
How many pins are needed for a sensor?
SIM800L change default baud rate
How many pins does this circuit (HMC5883L) use?
Arduino Standalone construction
Understanding why should avoid “String” and alternative solutions
Is there some kind of timer function that returns the amount of time passed?
Does sharing code on Arduino Create automatically grant any license rights?
Arduino Mega and LP621024D70LL
Can Digital/Analogue pins double as power supplies?
How does avrdude burn a bootloader much quicker than the Arduino IDE?
Arduino voltmeter maximum amp input
String to char array conversion
Two solenoid valves, both independent
Receiving message from arduino through wifi
Arduino as Slave to Return Multiple Values
DS3231 AT24C32 IIC making digital outputs not work
Arduino TCP Server establishes connection with client but does not receive data
Directly powering a single 32x16 RGB LED matrix (without external PSU)
7805 powered Atmega328 Stops working when input of 7805 exceeds 7volts
Temperature sensor bugs
Can't burn bootloader, Says Invalid device signature
What is the definition of these arduino commands, and how do they affect the circuit?
IR remote heater
How can I add two different programs of bldc motor and servo motor in one so that they work in parallel?
Problem when using PROGMEM on array holding notes for speaker on Arduino
Data sent via UART Bluetooth different than SerialMonitor
ATTiny85 VirtualWire AnalogRead 1
Persistence of user input after reboot
Button press with Arduino repeated many times
Ways to turn a knob with a stepper motor and an ATMEGA32u4
Why my Galileo isn't getting a IP address?
Working or functionality Serial.begin(9600)
Can I make a USB Device with only data output
What bootloader does the Arduino Micro come with?
Master doesn't receive the correct values in a master/slave SPI link
Accessing 3rd party driver
Programming Other Atmel chips using Arduino
How to send HTTP request to specific port using Ciao?
Transferring stuff from the Uno to the Lilypad
Do software SPI read from a register using shiftin()
Using AA batteries to power Arduino and GPS unit
Replacing BT module with 433 MHz transreceiver module
Why does my Arduino Nano send the wrong voltage on a digital output PIN?
Arduino does not respond to button press suddenly
Problem Uploading to arduino nano (atmega 328p)
Assigning float to 10 decimal place for longitude,latitude
Turning an LED on when an error occurs, then turn it off after 2 seconds
Can i burn an Arduino sketch .hex directly using USBASP?
Problem uploading to board
is it possible to write two threads in arduino & switch between data & AT command mode dynamically?
smaller program bigger sketch
Sending serial bits in arduino
'setup' does not name a type?
Chromebook/chromebox IDE/compiler option?
Swapping 5V and GND for a 2 wire motor
How can I split a string into multiple parts?
Using an Arduino and multiplexer for writing to multiple outputs
Help Led matix isn't lighting up correctly Is it a Hardware or software issue?
Could someone help me with an Arduino Uno program?
Is there any good working MODBUS TCP master library available for Arduino?
Programming other Atmel chips(excluding Atmega 328 and 168)
State change in Arduino Using Adafruit display
Connect Arduino + WiFi Shield to Raspberry Pi
NEO 6M doenst provide coordinates
Arduino board with built-in Bluetooth
Sketch Memory in Pro
Arduino car parking program help
Which motors to choose?
Programming Chinese Arduinos
How to detect lipo battery % charge left?
arduino + mpu6050 + nrf24l01 >>>>>>>>>>>>nrf24l01 + arduino ( Not running fluently)
Sending NEC IR signals makes LED strip blink
How do I Continuity Test/Troubleshoot a Linksprite RS232 V2 Shield?
Arduino UNO R3 as flight control plus brushless motor driver
Adding Library to my sketchbook
What kind of control method in my code will allow me to control multiple servos with phase shifts
SPI or A0/A1: what is the best solution for pin allocation on an Arduino shield?
Execute function until called again?
DC Motor's don't stop immediately
Additional boards manager option is missing from Arduino IDE
How to get and interpret digital accelerometer data?
MPU-6050, why is pitch, yaw and roll data not being consistent (value keeps getting higher/lower when it is stable)?
Voltage via 9V adapter and MIDI
What difference makes resistance of thermistors?
How to drive a strip of 12 V no-addressable LEDs?
Is it wrong power supply?
Standalone ATMEGA328: Verification mismatch on random byte on -subsequent- uploads only
Obstacle avoidance algorithm
How can I read a piezo sensor and have it output a fixed voltage?
Broadcast data to radius of at least 500 meters
How to include Voltage code in 4 digit 7 segment dislay
What happens if we connect GND and +5v?
How to make a 5-volt relay work with NodeMCU?
Passing a substring to a function or sub
How to read NodeMCU GPIO pin status?
how to send argument to ESP8266WebServer objects on function
Why is the BLE device not starting on my Arduino Pro Mini?
Send serial commands through IDE while RX pin is in use
Sparkfun OpenLog both lights flashing
How can I split a string into three parts after space and turn the values to doubles?
Complex Arduino programs
Issue with nRF24L01 - Module sends a message when it ought to send another
Random data sending integers between two Arduinos
Converting a char* with numbers to a double is giving me 0.0 in return
Arduino does not make any sound when connected to laptop?
Serial data is not sent on interrupt
Best Bluetooth module for the Lilypad?
What does this notation stands for? Wire.read() <<8 | Wire.read()
Run motor for a set amount of depending of Pressure Sensor
Turn on one by one the LEDs of a Neopixel rgb LEDs strip for each detection at the same distance from an Ultrasonic Distance Sensor (HC-SR04)
Issue with IF statement
High range Obstacle detection system
How to reset the arduino uno after 5 seconds?
Arduino Uno as USB to Serial converter (bypass 328p)
Sending a string to arduino and is not reacting to it
How to convert uint8 to int for maths operation in Arduino?
How to play Midi from the Sparkfun Mp3 Player Shield?
Pre-heat time required for MQ-5 gas sensor
Too slow start up with Atmega2560 on custom PCB
PWM generation using Arduino uno
Interfacing ArduCam with NRF24L01 to Arduino Uno
LED fade with LDR sensor depending on the light
Arduino IDE - Maximum serial COM ports
Creating a library of C++ classes for Arduino; How to #include "Arduino.h", "WProgram.h"?
Run 5V/2.3W water pump on Arduino Pro Mini 5V
I fried the AMS1117 voltage regulator on my Arduino Clone, is this the cause?
Problem on Arduino Interrupt and RTC
Why are there two sets of tools and bootloaders in the Arduino IDE?
Arduino Uno WiFi - How to disable WiFi?
Read one(2) hex-adresses from a string
Fast I2C communication between ESP8266 & PCF8591
WiFiEsp not working on Software Serial, working fine on Hardware Serial
Performing multiple Wire.writes() - does endtransmission slow things down?
Using an Arduino on a motorcycle
HC-06 Bluethoot communication
Use registers as parameter?
if condition does not work
Differences between a real and clone Arduino uno?
Why does this sketch give MPU FIFO overflows?
Directly read analog voltage using PWM duty cycle timer registers
When writing to SD card the file has all gibberish how do I fix it?
How to code water flow sensor and solenoid valve?
Can i connect Bluetooth and wifi module together to Arduino uno?
How Arduino IDE works?
Realistic to create a local variable as the SD buffer?
Arduino nano select port option is blurred | Driver issue
"No Socket available" for WiFiClient
How to generate two pulses one with 60 and other 66 duty cycle at same instant in 2 pins?
Fastest way to send serial commands and do something
How to send data in response to HTTP get request from ESP8266?
How to display extended ASCII characters, e.g., the standard degree symbol, DEC 167, on the Serial Monitor [not LCD]?
Help using thermistor with esp8266
Arduino board is turning off when I connect to +5V
Programming Micro controllers using Arduino ISP
Modbus RTU slave library
Sketch Memory and EEPROM
ESP 8266 module outputting garble
How to find if AC Appliance is on or off using ACS712 current Sensor
AES 128 CBC mode Help
Using N mosfet to switch ESC to BLDC phases
Trying to make arduino heart beat counter but couldn't understand code
Arduino -> Processing conversion: creating mux channels
Power suply for MicroSD card breakout board
Will an ATmega2560 board be faster than a Uno for hard real-time data logging?
Interfacing with TC5564APL-15 paralell static ram
Getting Bluetooth addresses of connected devices via Arduino Uno?
Error trying to compile an example from newly added Arduino menu library
AT commands not working for HC-06 ON ARDUINO UNO
How to restart a counter in a program using a push button in a LDR Tripwire setup
Can I share the VCC (5V) on my Arduino Pro mini with multiple modules?
Shield Compatible third party motor driver
How do I connect Arduino to RS232 via USB?
ESP8266 not sending temperature data to text message
Arduino auto power of circuit possible issue with higher voltage agains output pin?
Press on pressure sensor, then wait 5 seconds, turn on LED
Detecting the light source location using multiple photoresistors
Cannot get HC-12 to function with Arduino Pro Micro clone
Substitute for FTDI board?
2D cross correlation code for small images
How to control a Nema 17 stepper motor with an arduino? (too much current / heat)
Benchmarking String.toInt() vs Checking individual characters gives unexpected result
Trying to make a heart rate analyser with Arduino that will calculate the BPM of a person
Uploading Arduino code, OTA, via connected ESP8266-12E running Esp-Link
Arduino Com port and PHP Bug
Is setting clock divider worth changing on delay() to save power?
Interface with mux-controlled LED rope
Need Help to implement MODBUS TCP Master over Atmega32 MCU
How to connect receiver in an Arduino with a motor shield?
My ESP8266 01 is saying at espcomm_sync failed, espcomm_open failed, and (2x) espcomm_upload_mem failed. OS X
MPU6050: Setting Gyro Output Range Throws of Positional Reading
Using MCP23017 to control Servos
Software flashing attiny167 from RPi with avrdude
Confusion about String handling
What is the correct way to create large project files?
Specific noise while using arduino ADC in free running mode
Problem with Micro SD card breakout
Communication between Genuino Zero and Arduino Uno using UART
Arduino UNO USART problems
What is the phase of tone?
Serial Port configuration with asio C++ library
How to get number of available pins in code?
How can I connect a Fona to an Adafruit feather?
Trying to make a wattmeter
Single-channel serial communication
Creating a queue in Arduino?
I2C broadcast and reply on Arduino M0+
Arduino : How to write a variable value into a text file and modify it in the SD card?
Convert serial value into hex using in Genuino zero
Arduino restarts when a function is called
Wemos D1 & Relay shield
How to combine 3.4ghz intel processor with arduino board
Analog reading via bluetooth
Button that increments a counter
How to recreate this basic ALPS switch board in Arduino?
Connect Multiple L293D Motor Controllers to Arduino
Logging small capacitance
What happens if you write >10000 times to the flash memory of an ATmega?
Formula for decision making when in contact with an obstacle using Arduino
Nano + ESP8266 control pins with REST API
Attiny13 analogread() not working on all pins
Using EEPROM to write a counter value
Adding slave device to Arduino Uno-SPI | Configuring pins
Student Code: map function not functioning
RFID working with interrupts
Using a transistor to get 100mA on a IR led
move forward and turn right
Arduino Uno Sensor DHT11 Failed to read from DHT sensor
Does the reset button work when not powered?
Analog pins for 4x4 matrix keypad
Resistors/capacitor used in connecting 23LC1024 SRAM 1 Mbit
Which library to use for 23LC1024 SRAM 1 Mbit
Problem in MODBUS RTU communication between two arduino's
NodeMCU espcomm_sync failed
SIM800L Arduino Pro Mini
Bluetooth serial readings on 0.96'' Adafruit OLED
What should I use for IOT Things?
Two outputs: which one "leads" the other?
Why isn't the RPM displayed on the LCD?
Arduino leave PWM on
Opening a program in administrator with Arduino (DigiSpark/DigiSparkKeyboard)
Upload of sketch with avrdude stuck only outside of IDE
EMG control of solenoid valve
Can Arduino Leonardo use USB port and RX TX serial pins at the same time?
POV using ATmega328 powered with cr2032 cell
'SoftwareSerial' does not name a type in Adafruit Feather M0 Bluefruit LE
Control Android Camera using Arduino over Bluetooth
Arduino connection to brainwave analyzing module
Can an interrupt function call a regular function?
Arduino sim900a GPRS POST method asp.net
SD.begin() causes SD card to pull 20mA in idle mode. Seem high?
How to reset Arduino with ESP shield?
What shift register would I need for input OR output?
Working with multiplexers for constant voltage output
How can I use delimiter/split serial input in a loop function?
Arduino Video player?
Does ADC conversion to a voltage rely on the actual value of the +5 V pin?
Arduino Interrupt example not working
Is the DigitalWriteFast library still needed?
How to implement elapsed millis as the timer for my motor spinning time?
HC-SR04 distance measuring without delay?
Make action happen after time is passed using interrupts
Play sound with speaker inside interrupt while a timer runs
exit status 1 expected primary-expression before 'int'
What are the problems with using an Arduino in a production environment?
How to pull a pin low?
Multiple connections on the same pin
Arduino EEPROM retains old data after flashing with a new program
Port is not available
Arduino Uno with UsbSerial Android library w/ baud rate over 9600?
Arduino State Machine code flow
Liquid Crystal LCD Display Prints f in all rows and columns
Slave SPI does not work
Arduino motor driver 3.7v
How to load program into Arduino pro mini using FTDI cable?
Programming standalone Atmega328p-PU with NE555N timer IC
Strings becoming empty (Arduino Uno)
Actual baud rate of UNO R3 Firmata protocol
Get Speed Using GPS Neo with TinyGPS++
NodeMCU does not boot up when GPIO pin is high
Managing 2 ultrasonic sensors without blocking the other
How to change this function in to a non-blocking function?
What are the unused pins in an Arduino L293D motor shield?
Get when a button close the circuit
Matching the blink of an LED to midi music
Why is one part of my code being executed over the part before it?
Moving cursor on LCD and changing highlighted value
How to control low power devices when implementing Low Power Mode strategy?
CRC test fail on MS5803-14BA pressure sensor - what can I do?
Program crashes when I use Serial.println()?
Executing machine code at runtime Uno
Multiple MFRC522 RFID reader on Uno bugs
what pins are attached to ethernet shield SD card?
Arduino Audio Recorder - Speed Correct but Wrong Pitch
Recording and storing Midi data with arduino and midi shield
Do I really need Ramps 1.4 for laser engraver
Too low voltage on digital input on attiny45
Blinking cursor on Arduino is inconsistent and misses inputs
Do I Have to Change Internal Interrupt Setups when I Change Clock Speed?
How to break connection HM10 Bluetooth?
Advanced Arduino Project Help
How to blink 2 led strips without delay
Crash when datalogging MPU-6050 to SD card
Serial.available() function for Arduino
Not hearing PlayBack from code that records and plays back MIDI
127v/220v AC sensor - What's the role of this particular resistor?
Arduino Due: enable reentrant interrupt
Arduino mega 2560 might be dead
XBee not connecting
i am working on a project smart watch i am getting this error please help
Detecting which pin called the ISR Uno
Power Supply Ticking, Light Flashing
Navigating menus using buttons on Arduino
Sim800l and arduino pro mini3.3 volt
What types of connectors should I use to connect an HC-06 to an Arduino?
Correct Capacitors to use with L7805 Voltage Regulator
Controlling Dynamixel Ax-12 With Arduino Mega
I want to obtain the output of GPS at every 5 secs and store them onto database using Arduino uno,GPS SKG 13BL and GSM module??
Compiling error:passing as 'this' argument
Logic level converter not working?
How do i get stored Midi to Play back without the notes sounding sustained?
Flash Arduino Micro code on Atmega32U micro controller
Arduino Nano PWM pin not functioning
Atmega328p low voltage
8 bits 62.5kHz PWM signal
Loop inside switch statement
radio.write () always returns 0
Determining state of charge using current sensor (ACS758) with arduino uno
What are the causes of Arduino lockup?
i am unable to make a correct program using the pushbutton to toggle LED on/off?
Saving sensor logs of unknown length
ESP-32 with tft display
Do motors need to have capacitor even if being used with motor shield
Using Arduino and Motor Shield
ESP8266 + Slack (ssl->need_bytes=16432 > 6859)
Move a servo slowly between 2 positions based on input
Can I compile a sketch for my attiny85 without an arduino board?
Powering 4 servos with an external source
Why digital pin not reading ON from push button switches connected to 5V and pull-down 10K resistor?
how to get precise value from float variable?
Programming Attiny45 using Arduino Uno with weird behavior
Arduino constant vs Microchip PIC constant
why there is errorneous output on start up and how to avoid it?
How to get my water pump to turn off and on with the moisture level?
Function is executing when I try to store it in an array
How to read CPU temperature into Arduino?
Interfacing TRRS headphone to Arduino Uno
Arduino IDE compiling for non-arduino AVR boards
Can I connect an SD card shield to Digispark ATtiny85 board?
Multiple 3-wire SPI sensor interfacing with Arduino
How to connect gyro to Arduino Uno via I2C
Changing function to work with Midi controller instead of buttons
Char Array Buffers String UINT8
No message got sent
How do I use this motor shield?
Implement Visible Light communication using Arduino
ESP8266 cannot handle struct
Moving wiring.c functions from timer0 to timer1
Need to set an output pin without it going LOW during initalization
Yún vs Uno with Yún Shield
Common ground serial communication trouble SIM800L
Switch Statement Alternative
Arduino with OV7670 - a buffer
HC-06 RX pin usefulness
Having problems with I2C - Slave is receiving "b ~ ,,,"
How to use analogWrite() on multiple pins at the same time?
TWI Wire.setClock() on non arduino AVR MCU issue
Attiny85: Watchdog does not initialize properly when using switch(case)
Serial communication on Arduino Uno
How can I store the received data from nRF24l01+ module in an array (code in description)?
HC-06 pairing to arduino
Adafruit Huzzah espcomm_open failed
HMC5883L - Tilt compensation without Accelerometer
How to make ESP8266-1S module work on Arduino Uno?
Name of the Arduino Nano clone in the device manager
Why analogue pins affect each other?
Writing a custom character on an lcd
ESP8266-01 connected to Arduino Mega - Current output?
Arduino Uno WiFi - WiFi mode keeps changing
Adding data to an SD card file
Not sure I'm understanding pipes for NRF24
ATtiny85 Comparator C interrupt on timer 1
IR sensor not detecting light or dark sufaces
ESP8266 (ESP-01) Not booting with load on IO pin 2
Using dynamic variables in URL
When a pushbutton and sensor are in a certain state, do something for a certain period of time (15 seconds)
Issue with HC-SR505 sensor
How do I change number and bracket colors in the arduino IDE?
Evaluating delay for Xbee
Arduino Due vs Mega 2560
How do I send HTTP request using ESP8266 to other port than 80?
Arduino Nano, nodeJS serial
Middle school Student stuck and needs help
Arduino Mega 2560 SoftwareSerial Not Working
SoftwareSerial response is semi-gibberish using ESP8266
Arduino communicate with PC?
How can I learn to use Generic ESP8266 boards Libraries in Arduino?
High power consumption of ATmega32u4 when connected to iOS device
Arduino Due DAC pins with 0V
SAMD21 Programming with Atmel ICE Fail to Write
Converting a message received in char buffer to integer
Arduino Simon Says with Midi Controller
Molex power with USB serial Communication from the same PSU
Powering an USB to Serial from USB
how to move my robot to the assigned coordinates
reverse 12v motor
Run Servo when detect object on OpenCV Python
ATtiny85 Timer 1 comparator A interrupt problem
Write to serial only if the state of a light sensor changes
Can I make delayMicroseconds more accurate?
Simplifying code, getting invalid conversion from 'const char*' to 'char*'
How do I sense that the serial monitor is started?
Cannot locate Rx Tx pins on SIM800a GSM module
Reading Arduino serial data in Octave on Mac
Using Lego temperature sensor with Arduino
Conditional compilation, how to determine whether a variable has been declared?
ESP8266 unstable connection
Capacitor Questions
Arduino pins always reading HIGH (1)
Life span of arduino
Design vehicle tracking device
(SOLVED) Fast HW check: (18 digital + 4 analog to I2C ) Arduino Mini Pro + MCP23017 or STM32?
Gravity fan does not work when powered by 3.3V ESP8266
LCD display and ultrasonic sensor not functioning
What if I detach AVR micro controller from the Arduino Board after uploading program?
Using a potentiometer to control number of lit pixels on an NeoPixel strip
Press on pressure sensor once, turn on LED for 6 seconds
How to pass input from a Midi controller to a function?
ATtiny85 LM75 I2C
How to change colors and theme settings in 'Windows Store app' version of Arduino IDE?
RadioHead and DallasTemperature error
ESP8266 ESP-12 Connection
MATLAB and Arduino communication
SPI Problem with K-Thermocouple and Potentiometer?
Robot beeping when power set to 0
Arduino Zero: Enable RTTI
Connect to Ethernet2 by hostname
Why is my boards.txt file not being found?
How could I make PWM pure sine wave 50Hz signal with Arduino UNO? Does Arduino support the code?
How to connect arduino with local network
Where to connect shield in USB power supply for Arduino?
Arduino powered car not running when touching ground
Standalone atmega328
Can you pass the entries of a strut array to a int array? if so how?
comparing the entries of two arrays
Is there a manometer available to use with Arduino?
waiting for a set number of inputs in an array to be reached
Arduino: wrong digitalRead results from a pullup pin
How to code Arduino to follow schedule
GPS autonomous robot
String array glitch
home automation - What's a compact way to control a light switch with Arduino without interacting with high voltage?
Transistor amplifier to drive speaker using Arduino PWM
Calculating with millis()
Making MCUs Arduino Compatiable
Is it possible to print all RFID chips in range instead of printing one by one?
Diorama Controller Part 2 - Need More Outputs
Two TH02 Sensors to Grove Base Shield V2
Port manipulation in Arduino using byte value
Problem with SIM800L GSM module and servo
3x3 LED Matrix with less pins
serial.write if condition
NodeMCU powered with battery and use WiFi
Why Liquid crystal display doesn't give output in code below?
Arduino nano clone problem with interrupt on falling edge on pin 2
WDT and RadioHead with delay()
Syntax for declaring more than one serial pins of Arduino mega?
Arduino serial port implementation
Switch to drive Arduino and optocoupler
Arduino Zero - Stepper control (interrupt)?
Arithmetic mean for sensor
Generate 1.7 Mhz with PWM in Uno?
Arduino RFID Mifare Classic dump info
LED strip and SD card
Interrupt handler in library
MPU6050 doesn't work
Broken Loop and dim LEDs
NodeMCU power consumption measurement and DeepSleep
Different questions regarding Arduino C++ library coding style
Powering SD breakout board with 3.7V battery
ESP8266 sometimes stuck on AT+CIPSEND with "busy s..."
How to use ESP8266 for wireless communication?
Serial communication with more than two Arduinos
Servo jitter with Arduino
Programming ATUC256L4U using only Arduino ISP
Running two stepper motors with two rotary encoders
WiFi connections being lost on connection reset
Two ints declared simultaneously, one "does not name a type"
Library using another library
Nano clone failure, how to prevent it from happening again?
Mega SPI communication changing between setup and loop
ESP8266 - Parsing last char from a string
Controlling I2C slave on Arduino with Python
Do they make 2.54mm 2P Crimpable Micro JST Female connectors?
Trying to print "occur = 1" in an if statement but it wont work
Can I make multiple void loops with Arduino Uno?
Different ways (and the fastest) to compute sines (and cosines) in Arduino
Is setting AVR TWCR for mega328p TWEN in each function necessary?
How does ESP8266 work as web server with Arduino?
How does Arduino WiFi Shield connect to Blynk and How can I use ESP Module to connect to blynk?
Arduino Mega + XBee Shield + RAMPS 1.4 Is it possible?
Can I cut the pin holes off of my Arduino board?
Testing an oscilloscope with my Arduino
Can I make existing libraries use external SRAM for the Arduino
Getting an error while uploading code to Arduino when ESP8266 is attached
How to pass a string pointer to a function
Distance Readings Getting Manipulated When Calling Unrelated Function
Can't send AT comands to ESP8266 on any baud rate
Nested for loop errors
Arduino MotorShield code running but not motors
Fingerprint sensor code won't work correctly with LCD 16x2
Send .wav file from SD card to NodeMCU via serial port
Auto Reset during programming Arduino
Can I power up my Arduino and MotorShield with four AA batteries?
How to create jumping wire using fritzing tool
Building Custom Bootloaders
Using ATiny102 as HID device(emulating mouse)
Sending value from Arduino to MySQL using ESP8266
Using RFID and fingerprint sensor together
ESP8266 TCP connection WiFiClient issue
State Machine with If/Else?
Measuring the capacitance of 2 capacitors at a time
Calculate absolute time based on cycles and RTC
WeMOS creating soft access point from old code even when new code doesn't have it
Getting RFID tag data using C#
Data transmission Serial to TCP
Problems with installing MIDI library in UECIDE
Where is Arduino on Fedora?
Set array to array passed as parameter in constructor
How to arrange my code block to make it work smooth and correct
Multiplying the voltage output
Arduino Mega vs servo shield
Should I use motor driver or Motor driver shield?
Why does my Arduino freeze?
incompatible types in assignment of 'int*' to 'int [0]'
Powering the attiny85 with a separate power source
Utilizing Array with RGB
How do you balance an Arduino quadcopter using calculated gyro values?
Voltage transfer
MFRC522 ReadNUID example reboots unless I include a null if statement
What is the theory behind the Arduino UNO being able to create AM waves at 800 kHz
Not able to add JSON data to Arduino data
Measuring voltage from -12 to +12 VDC
Smooth out digital signal from SW-420 vibration sensor in order to record duration?
Error compiling: expected unqualified id before token {
Button to not run script
Easy bipolar motor control?
Avoid blocking from bluetooth callbacks
Increment problems
How to find the pin map for the LCD 1602 I2C adapter module?
Transfer 10-bit via Arduino-to-Arduino SPI protocol
How to connect an Arduino to WIFI using an ESP8266
How to set alarm on DS3231 sensor?
#define VS local static const char
Combining code for two sensors in one programming
Serial monitor isn't updating in while loop
#endif without #if
Arduino Nano Circuit grounding
Using a 4*4 keypad to enter an integer value
Basic questions on Inputs
SPP-C and HC-05 are they the same thing or something else?
Can I connect an Arduino Uno Wifi to Arduino Cloud?
How to program Fio v3 without MicroUSB port
I can't upload my program to Arduino Uno
Detect certain characters and if not a consequence
I2C begginer with I/O expander with mega328p C code
LED series Resistor- Noob question
Should I use OOP?
Need a proper diagram to connect my multiple relays (more than 8) with only a few pins on Arduino Uno Board
Is the use of malloc() and free() necessary in my Kalman noise Filter function?
Multiple SPI reads slows down read time dramatically
Do I need to run an expand drive sketch if I update the Yun Firmware subsequent to expanding?
Problems adding ESP8266 wifi board
Two devices on one UART/Serial
Make Sure \n is the last character in serial string
Simple Ground circuit layout
Error on sending AT+CWJAP_DEF commands to ESP8266
How to logically tell than an UNO is being, or about to be programmed
OSX upload error: avrdude: ser_open(): can't open device "/dev/cu.mydev" : Resource Busy
Arduino nano Serial port not recognized
POWER_MODE_IDLE wake on any input change?
Using ALL the analog pins on Mega for Servo
Programming Arduino via RX/TX
Make lights come on and off depending on which button is pressed
Connecting a 5v dc fan to ultrasonic sensor
Trying to send .wav files between NodeMCU
Arduino Nano and ESP8266
Make RFID Tag as a variable
NRF24L01 only receiving zeros
Major difference between DTR signal and RTS signal?
l293d is not able to drive two 300 rpm motors simultaneously
RFID+Fingerprint sensor code
Arduino MPU6050 not working due to LED PWM
Testing ID and Serial Communication (Update)
Accelerometer MPU-6050 marks timeout in Unity
Attiny85 not recognized at windows startup
How many WS2811 LED strips can I control with Arduino?
Yun UBoot Prompt Not Showing
Makeblock Arduino keeps stopping from motor overpower protection
HC-SR04 pulse at multiple angles
Using the Tian handshake line
NodeMCU with RFID RC522 and I2C interface LCD module together
Serial Comm. timing issue between Arduino and Pyserial
No such file or directory compilation terminated
Suggest me Arduino device with USB for Mass storage
EEPROM PUT and GET audio playback
Is it possible to save different values on address 0 and 1 in EEPROM?
Using voltage divider to read voltage from sensor
How to recieve NMEA data in A7 Gprs/Gsm/GPS Module
Attiny85 Timer 1 comparator B doesn't work properly (while A does)
Multiplex 7 segment during delay (external IC?)
Shift Register on ATMEGA328p
How do I know the IP address assigned to an ESP8266?
loading custom code onto SparkFun Blynk Board
Wifi proof with WeMos D1 ESP8266 Ad-Hoc
Speedometer slow reaction arduino
Problem with Arduino and INA226 power meter module
Wrong computation Number
HMC5883L tilt compensation
Did I damage my Arduino?
How to know positive and negative in breadboard
How to keep a specific bit set all the time for bit masking I2C operations?
How to reset ESP8266 wifi module
Is it any way to connect ESP8266 to wifi faster?
7 Segments display with arduino mega2560
Arduino Uno: Receive MIDI data from DAW
LEDs effects changing with a button
Is there a Serial write buffer limit and does the Arduino reset if it is hit?
Arduino/Genuino 101 5 volts pin
Run program from SRAM on SAMD21?
Why doesn't analogWrite() work
CurieBLE receive data without pairing
Communication between Arduino and raspberry Pi
Controlling a LED array from Arduino NANO
How to include userid, pass to WifiClient connect() api
How to Sort Elements of Array in Arduino Code?
How to work with arduino softwareserial communication using HC-05?
ESP 8266-01 Library
Array Addressing
Triggering Sound - Arduino + Contact Mic
Variable was not declared in this scope
unexpected primary-expression before ';' token
error: 'analogRead' was not declared in this scope
Uno - measure the voltage, NOT connecting GND
ST7735 display with esp32
Conversion of Arrays into Matrix?
How to Read Voltage Level?
Communicating between two arduino terminal using Xbee
If Else Alternative
Understanding schematics: resistors attached to Attiny85 pins V-USB
Different data showing in arduino serial and hyperterminal
Why is my Analog Input channel adding voltage to my signal?
Can removing lines of code destroy a motor driver and make it catch fire?
Issue with PIR sensor
Can't cast char to unsigned char?
More speed from ATMEGA328 Internal Clock
Attempted to disable autoreset - now the voltage regulator only outputs 4.0v
Program jumps alone from void loop() to another void
Switching low current AC
Arduino DUE samples per second with the DAC
How to write arduino code which reads the value of a flex sensor?
SPI communication between two Ethernet Shields (W5100)
How to write Arduino code that reads the potValue of a potentiometer?
Is it possible to connect NRF24L01 to localhost in laptop without wifi router?
How to select which resistor is required for my curcuit to reduce voltage
Arduino Micro vs. Pro Micro
Alternative ways for read Serial Output
Accessing two MPU-9250 DMP
Check array value
'[Class name]' does not name a type in C++ Error
How can I automatically get the time from the computer into an alarm clock (starts at 00:00 when plugged in)?
How do I send all notifications from specific apps (like Skype or Facebook) to my Arduino through Wifi?
Choosing the right mosfet to switch on-off a neopixel strip
AT command is not responding on serial monitor
What if I have burnt my atmega328p?
Uno with LCD acting strangely - power issue?
PWM water pump flow control - in percent
PWM water pump flow control - should I use capacitor for MOSFET?
Current available SRAM?
Hex String -> Byte Array -> Serial Write
How can I add a LED to this build?
How can I identify, debug or fix a faulty IMU?
How can I split data coming from JSON?
Can't send Data to LCD1602 with I2C
Errors reading fixed-length control strings over serial
Passing user defined callback functions to a library method
How to light up all LEDs of a 7x5 LED matrix?
serial write pixels of a bmp image
Turn led on after ringing once, off after two rings when hung up SIM800
ESP8266MOD programing using Arduino uno?
Arduino Mega 2560 to Adafruit STMPE610 wiring
LCDs interfere with Adafruit datalogger SD card function
ATmega AVR frequency measurement with timer/counter
ESP8266 problem with recieved data trasmission via TCP
Data logging speed with arduino
Turn LEDs on in binary sequence
Why is the SPI response mis-ordered?
Are (how much are) interupts interfering I2C or SPI communication?
7 segment displays arduino mega 2560
Why can't I define the constant A0 (some pin) to something?
How to code multiple conditions inside if statement?
NRF24L01+ Issues antenna
How to make 4 digits 7 segments common cathode thermometer
Multiple arduino Wireless communication
Write array to serial port
Arduino Nano + (2* tlc5940) + 34 LEDs = Power Questions
Writing to flash Attiny 85
how to drive 500W of leds
float not a float
What is the best way/module to talk to an Arduino from far away (WIFI)?
ESP32 in Arduino-IDE with FS.h and SPIFFS
Programmatically Change Arduino Com Port Name
RasPi GPIO into Arduino Digital Inputs
Any good way to inverse a function?
byte Array to CRC calculation
What is the meaning of [type]* for arrays?
Create an a message from two inputs[Programming Help]
Arduino-based mains frequency monitor
How to run my IDUINO Yun Shields stand-alone?
NRF24L01 integrated antenna exposed out of the box
Voltage divider arduino 5v and Ethernet board 3.3
Error in IR receiver project
Adding null character to char array
Disable Reset when Com Port Connected/Disconnected
PROGMEM : pgm_read_float_near() equivalent for double? (Arduino Due)
Does the Node MCU v3 (LoLin) not have a builtin led?
Using a MIDI connector both as MIDI In and Out (not simultaneously)
analogRead seems to freeze some seconds the program
fatal error: avr/io.h: No such file or directory
What's wrong with my code?
More than 500 pins
I want to make a counter but i don't know what i'm missing or am doing wrong
Johnny-five driving LCD Matrix or call Arduino library from Johnny-five
Running out of pins in a 4x7-segment display clock
Interruption triggered twice when set to FALLING
TLS Client ESP8266
Multiplexing with 4 7-segment displays
can I give the 9v input power for arduino mega 2560 using vin pin?
Grab keys from an ordinary USB kyboard
How to get 38 Khz clock from Timer 0/2 in Arduino Mega 2560?
P I D AND GY80 10 DOF
How to chooce SDA/SCL pair on Arduino Due ?
Arduino Uno R3 keeps on resetting within void setup() itself
How to manage dependencies?
Automatic irrigation project
Dynamically switching pin out
LED sequence control by button
Split flash Arduino nano
I need to restart Arduino IDE after each compilations
How do I erase internal EEPROM on a Arduino Pro Mini
How do i generate exact number of PWM pulses in arduino?
Issues while making ESP8266 as web server
Arduino Mega Shield Library for Eagle CAD
Storing a 2 dimensional Array in PROGMEM
SoftwareSerial too slow for MIDI?
GPS module not working with sensor
Ethercard. Copying ip address into hisip
Including an arduino library in Eclipse Neon (undefined reference to)
Does an Arduino get worn out by too much command execution?
Setting Time to UTC with Data Logger Shield (with RTC DS1387)
Difference between Ultrasonic sensor and Distance Sensor?
ESP8266 not working. No response
Arduino stopped working
8Ω speaker, what resistor values to use?
How do I use ultrasound to track a moving object?
Something's wrong with my code for a 4 digit 7 segment clock display
Problem with 2 decimal places/2 significant figures
I am trying to combine an automatic door lock with an RFID MFRC522 with a IR REMOTE program
How can I get my Attiny85 interupt to trigger
programming arduino in pure c
How to make DC motor rotate a specific number of turns?
my button won't work, why?
Correct use of interrupt vs monitoring switch
analogRead over a certain time
How to exit a function if conditions are met
ATmega328P SPI Slave
My button stays on high if I press it once, what did I do wrong?
Help understanding circuit for button example
nRF24l01+ Outputting Garbage Values
Firmata: how to set a particular pin to high on boot?
Problem regarding getting split data of JSON - Another issue
Manchester.h message format
Advanced I/O shifting bits
Arduino + L9637 K-Line reader - 10400 baud on SoftwareSerial?
Servomotor and music shield
What is the purpose of the I/O pin capacitor on the AVR microcontroller?
Can i create a function inside of void setup()?
Problem with coding
Arduino Uno doesn't work as Manchester code receiver
Connecting an Arduino Nano, Mega and LCD via I2C works but fails when shutting down Mega
Switch setting 'running' state boolean doesn't hold
Can I include a header file into a new header file?
How to use variables and functions across multiple .ino files
Programming Arduino via ICSP
Read only selected Packet SoftwareSerial
Pass changing analog value from void loop to library .h file
Decoupling cap for self-powered LED matrix and LED strip
After update via ICSP can't use usb for Serial Reading and Usb for programming board
Problem with measuring vibrations (Arduino UNO + step motor + accelerometer)
Issue with Speck cipher on Arduino UNO
Loop code without manually pressing the button
MH-Z19 with Arduino null output
Arduino Yun V2.0.1 can't configure WiFi
About multiple void loops and functions
Arduino Mega - Multithreaded (run two loops simultaneously)
How to access the member of union in loop?
In the AnalogRead example, would the thing work if I remove or short the A0 and the ground pin?
Value appears to change sign suddenly
If else statement not mutually exclusive?
ESP8266 Library Method List
Arduino Compiling Error
Servo motor and the servotimer2
Three or more Arduino slaves sending bytes to 2 different I2C devices
Convert to and from Unix Timestamp
Servotimer2, detach "stop"
Open source PLC Wifi
Image Breakdown
Can I connect my Arduino Uno to a power source and a battery at the same time?
I have cooked 3 regulators applying 12 V to RAW pin. Am I doing something wrong or did I get a bad batch?
Understanding how methods and pointers inside a function work
It is possible to carry a pic c code for arduino
Use SPI and I2C in the same circuit (ATtiny85/84)
Arduino ISP ATtiny problems
Cannot obtain reading from meter (Modbus)
ToF Laser Sensor (VL53L0X) not working
What do I do with the potentiometer on Adafruit RGB LCD
I want to declare an array with variable size and also I want to ask from the user to enter it?
Can't use two SPI devices at the same time
Arduino Due power supply
Doubt on Processing Power
Reading and processing a PWM on AtTiny45
Arduino-based mains frequency monitor follow-up
Serial data affected by interrupt
timer0_millis always returns 0
IR remote-control clone
Avr dude programmer
Can't get 4 digit 7 segment display to show different values
Arduino % symbol meaning
Use Female USB Type A as Power Supply for external device
CJMCU-116 9DOF mpu9250 driver
How can I seriously calibrate ADC voltage readings with Arduino Nano?
Can I upload with avrdude 2 hexes with 2 usbasp connected to computer, one hex with one usbasp ? If yes, how?
Stepper motor control
How many and fast interrupt pin can handle in Uno?
Odd RGB matrix behavior while using shift registers
Drawing bitmap on TFT
Cannot correctly access element in array when given index
Will the Arduino's low clock speed limit wireless transmission frequencies that are higher than the clock speed of the Arduino?
Help with my DHT22 sensor and using GET request
Sleep mode Arduino Due through IR receiver control
Is an Arduino Uno made in the USA compatible with SunFounder shields?
Arduino Uno unable to detect usb port on Mac OS Sierra 10.12.5
Is Fastled.io library suitable for SMD50500 led strip?
Bootloader crashing continuously
Galileo Positioning System signal receiving
How can Arduino know Wire.available() is true or false?
Expected unqualified ID before numeric constant
How do I use an ATMega 328 (not P) chip with an Arduino board?
Custom boards list
GSM SIM900A SMS content not displaying
HX711 sporadic wrong values
Arduino 101 I/O voltage levels
Reading pulse train with DC offset
Renaming folders in Arduino Uno' SD card
Switch case inside a switch case with serial input
Arduino Uno R3 stuck in DFU mode/Port not recognized
Bluetooth Communication Not Working with DC Power But Works With USB Power?
Get image from Arduino Ethernet Shield sd card
Arduino Mega 2650 + Matlab/Simulink - Serial decimation
Help understanding Print::write()--it calls write()--where is write() defined? Help reading code
GPS very short distance calculation
Button and switch to turn on and off LED and changing after time
Is there an ICRn CTC mode interrupt vector?
Using SCL and SDA of ESP8266-01 with GY-30 BH1750FVI for lux measurement
how can I combine two 2 digit 7 segment display to a single arduino uno
Errors creating instance MenuBackend and MenuItem attributes in a display class
Why using a ESP01 adapter?
PCF8583 with Arduino delay of one second?
digitalRead influenced by touches
How can I2C be made to work through a level shifter?
How can I set a calculated value when my sketch is uploaded?
How to write a digitalWrite array for MCP23017 expander chip?
Make a Robotic Arm move straight not curved
2.4Mhz clock for 3-wire SPI using Arduino Mega 2560
Ring topology by using arduino and Bluetooth
Overflow in bit calculation
How to flash hex files from a micro SD card to an Arduino Nano using an SD card module?
Reading from software serial with an interrupt
Powering an Arduino with more than 5 V
Why do MEGA2560 digital pins go high on serial disconnect?
Arduino HC-SR04 water experiment
Which connection should I use (preferably wireless)?
replacing #define with typedefs for bracket scope
Atmega2560 USART UDR r/w conflict possible?
Powering multiple (separately enclosed) Arduinos by one adapter
Sending information via USB/Serialport
Battery Status notifier
error using String class to convert a double to a string
WiFiClient::connected() not working
Is it possible to use Serial window for debug statements while using the hardware serial port for GPS module?
Don't Print After decimal point in
Why is the piezo buzzer not looping/making sound?
How do I load an image using fopen()?
Help needed to add and extra sensor
Writing your own Arduino flashing tool
Why we can wake Arduino Uno from sleep using only pin 2?
Two PIR sensors not working properly, help needed
My Arduino Uno buzzer isn't working
How to get code to respond to a certain time from the DS3231 RTC?
The LCD doesn't display the words typed
nrfl2041, WIFI, bluetooth, xbee, zwave, other wireless communications
How to use AtMega328P-PN
How does one set attributes for SD files?
Purpose of capacitors in this project
Scheduling and BLE Read on demand
How does Arduino IDE 'Get Board Info'?
Getting the "Device has problem: 0x0a: CM_PROB_FAILED_START." error code 10 while installing device driver for Arduino Uno
Need help with calculator logic
Using the SD library with the ESP8266 DevKit
I2C on ATtiny85 and Si4703 radio
Thought Dropbox was gone, but Arduino IDE kept it running. Search led to Temboo & Arduino Yun. Will it cripple my IDE to cut it out?
Arduino not detected
Write char array containing new line to SD card
Speed of reading I2C
ESP8266 constantly reconnects
Is there any option to connect XDTouch IrTouchScreen to Arduino?
Controlling TFT LCD with Arduino
What are safe memory usage limits?
SD Library Print Full File/Folder name
DS1307 Real-Time Clock
Can a 433mhz receiver receive data from a 433mhz tag/fob?
SdFat library Change output style of sd.ls(LS_R)
Scrambled query responses from ESP8266 to Uno, what are possible causes of the problem?
Can I control a Z84 counter timer circuit with Arduino?
Reading HMC5883L hex values in 2's compliment C code
Wiring Feather Huzzah ESP8266 to Monochrome 1.3" 128x64 LCD
Stepper Motor with Limit Switches
Arduino freezing with OLED display
Seven-Segment Display doesn't work on two lights
Using SoftwareSerial along with FastLED library to control WS2812 LEDs
Library not found
Windows stops recognizing Arduinos
Pause in the program for some time
Recursive list of files on SD card with indexing
Problems with I2C connection on ESP8266 - 12F, which pins should I use?
Library to set internal analog gain of the Arduino?
Transistor switching problem
Using tinyGPS++ with millis errors
Lighting up LED lights on Arduino tank using Arduino transmitter
Source code for Arduino “firmware”?
Understanding the ESP8266
Write data on the computer with Arduino
Button not working - Arduino Due project (MiniEngine v2)
ATTiny85 and DHT11 - Sensor always returning 0
A1 was not declared in the scope
Humidity sensor for wet environment
Arduino Esplora
Control a 5 volt water pump with an Arduino
Arduino Uno alarm interrupt
ESP8266 proper power circuit for avoid reset issue
ESP8266, prints ready at start but no response to AT command
Optimizing Arduino File Selection from SD card
How to change a code for an I2C 16x2 to a 20x4?
Pushing sketches to pro mini with Uno 101
Trying to map a room with Arduino controlled bot
Avoid a Pro Micro waking up a PC?
Error using Crypto Library for Arduino: Speck
Arduino autorestarts when powered externally
No code, but Fatal exception (0): epc1=0x402066ac, epc2=0x00000000, epc3=0x00000000, excvaddr=0x00000000, depc=0x00000000 in Serial Monitor
Accidentally plugged in Arduino Uno before installing software, now it's not recognized by Windows 10, only powered by usb port
Project Idea Guidance: LED strips that react to music
How to read Negative number with serial.read
Send Arduino Data to a database in a website and then display on the website
How to pulse a signal at 100ms to 500ms?
Where to declare timer interrupt variables?
Can't reset Arduino Pro Micro
How to create a library from scratch?
Simple 2 Servo Synch
Communicating with I2C DAC (LTC2631)
Hardware interrupts for buttons not directly assigned to pins
Using ESP8266 to send email. However "HELO" responds with "ERROR". Possible cause?
DHT11 not giving correct value if I attaching a servo motor
PCA9685: how "unset" PWM signal?
Compilation issues on Arduino Due
Differential voltage measurement with Arduino UNO
Creating Sine wave with DAC and feeding it back
Wiring an IR blaster+receiver board
Bootloader and Boards Definition for Atmega2560V-8AU at 8 MHz / 3.3v
Arduino Controlling a stepper motor
Reducing noise and finding sampling rate
Compiling source with Arduino.h with avr-g++
Decoding 2.4G RF remote controller?
How do I connect through a HC-05 to PS4 Controller?
Searching for a good keypad
New Microcontroller - programmer is not responding -
Air quality sensor reading meaning
Raspberry Pi Outputting Signal to arduino
Change Word Color
Error 400. The request has an invalid header name ESP8266 (HTTP-POST)
HMC5883L not working in continuous mode!
DHT22 and DS18B20 together
PIR with Arduino - detects only first motion
Problem with using pure C code to program default UART (UART0) in Arduino Mega
I got this ILI9341 *i 'm not sure * from ebay and i cant manage to use any librarys
1-wire bus apparently working, but OneWire::reset() fails
Arduino open door (outdoor) tonemelody
Avoid overflowing of counter
Corrupted characters with an OLED displaying thermocouple output
Converting array to char
Arduino Human Infrared Sensor
When I see the red RX LED flash I am wondering if it means there is an error?
If statement comparing array to value list throws error
basic_insert with WAMP server doesn't connect with MySQL database
2.8 Touchscreen does not work with Proto Screw Shield
HC-05 Bluetooth Module Blinking Red Light-Arduino Uno
How to control continuous rotation servo via HC-12 rf module
Where are RX and TX pins on the GT2560?
How to get ip information of arouter/AP with ESP8266
Arduino Leonardo as USB Keyboard with WiFi module
Can I use NodeMCU 12E (ESP8266) as wifi shield for arduino Nano?
Arduino serial plotter with independent Y axis, is it possible?
cannot get low power with Adafruit Trinket
Parse an element that consists of an array using ArduinoJson
What is importance of the reflow profile?
Arduino uno and 1602A I2C not working
How to identify Adafruit Feather 32u4 via mac id/UUID/etc
Connect Arduino to an external microSD card reader
Powering a DC motor with an external battery
Drawing specific RGB on touch screen
LEDs interfering with analog sound detection
Serial.Write(buf,Len) how to read Serial sended array of byte
I have problem in sketch compiling error message is 'printNormalModeMessage' is not declared so what I can do
How to pass variables to custom callback functions
analogWrite mosfet problem
Specify F_CPU in arduino to use 8MHz clock
Arduino Due unable to access library
Powering leds from arduino with adapter
Cannot find COM port for Arduino after replacing Atmega328p
How to store u-blox coordinates (lat, lng) values in doubles? [TinyGps++]
Output frequency from an SPI DAC (MCP4922) is lower than expected
Power ON/OFF a car using Arduino with IR remote control
PIR sensor code logic works on Mega but not on Yún
MIDI output circuit behaving incorrectly when not connecting with USB
Multiple definition of "..." Compiler Error
Serial monitor showing extra data
Interfacing with SPI
PHP/My SQL Database -> to Arduino Serial Monitor
Arduino FIFO queue for with potentiometer values and 7 segment display
Error while boot loading Atmega 2560 using Arduino Mega 2560
How do I measure speed and manipulate the speed based on distance covered?
sizeof() on custom library constructor returns wrong result
Using SoftwareSerial library with EnableInterrupt
What datatype is the names of the analog inputs?
Converting between NEC and HEX values from IR receiver
Countdown sometime stop
compiler says I have to declare my hexidacimal I try to compare
How to interface OV5640 to Arduino Mega using Embedded C?
Multiple IDE instances
Turning on many (30) leds arduino mega
Using chipKIT WiFi Shield with an Arduino
Diffrence between running once and infinite
Any known issues with Arduino: 1.8.3
Optimizing ext. SPI ADC for speed and verify the speed
Trying to turn off fading RGB LED after 30 secs
Issue with code for SDA/SCL TC9548A Multiplexer and HMC5883L sensors
Unable to load programs onto Arduino Pro Mini Using FTDI?
Can't open "COM1" on Linux with Trinket Pro
Problem with using multi-node nRF24l01+ with Arduinos
Unable to flash Arduino when TXD pin of HC-6 Bluetooth module is connected to Arduino RXD pin?
Motor shield code
Write your own program to control Arduino Uno
looking for a very accurate and sensitive accelerometer
No ports available
ESP8266 library / function for IR remote control
ESP8266 cannot read POST parameters
Arduino as a real device to computer
Pins are not switching
Programmatically activate a specific Arduino
RadioHead Library custom configuration for RFM96 LoRa
How do I pull up D1-D6 using 10k ohm resistors?
Setting ESP8266-01 up with AT commands
Shift Register 74HC595 circuit working weirdly
Serial source code
Power supply to L293D motor driver
PCM audio, PROGMEM sounds through speaker, multiple clips (using speaker_pcm)
Output of Hex of ino
Comparing 2 char converted from a array
Access I2C sensor from Arduino Uno as slave
Wierd Issue with PWM pin
Arduino nano as HID Keyboard
Extracting char array out of function
if-else statement not working
Arduino not recognizing when a timer reaches 0
Listen for specific frequency
Sidestep one second log rate with NeoGPS when another sensor on the board need to log faster
Wi-Fi module 5 GHz
How do I interpret the esp8266 "boot mode" message?
Nano-like Board - Programmer Not Responding
What is the meaning of the preceding character on several library defines?
Serial.read() always returns 255
Some questions about a RGB LED Strip project that Im planning to do
Measuring distance based on time
Is Arduino Ethernet shield compatible with arduino due?
Is there any way to use the serial port as an interruption source?
Global variables with C++ in multiple files
Can't get constant reading with load cells
Getting more current through an LED array
Sending JSON message to web api via post. Why does HTTP 1.0 versus 1.1 make a difference?
How to get the server response when I post to a web api
Rounding up and Down
How can I use the NRF24L01 modules without a library?
send sketch to arduino via wifi
Problem on multiple interrupts operation on Arduino Uno
Running a function in the background continuously
Not able to get response from esp using Arduino uno
Sampling/transmission limits for USB and Arduino UNO R3
Partially clean a LCDScreen
How to connect a 5V submersible motor to Node MCU?
Arduino - IR firing problem
If any kind of character gets loaded into a string, what do I use for an end-of-line character?
Powering relay module with 5v external supply
Arduino UNO hangs without visible reason
How can I find and specify the address of my adafruit MMA8451 accelerometer in arduino code?
Conflict between UART serial transmission and timer interrupt Arduino MEGA
How to fix: Invalid conversion from 'const char*' to 'char*' [-fpermissive]
How can I get Serial.print to print a variable thats a char?
Unable to compare char from radio (RF24)
Arduino MKR1000 problem with only two HTTP Client Post Request
Convert my if loop code into a switch/case statement
Certain String Characters To Int
Compatibility between shields
Can you charge and use a LiPo battery at the same time?
High Precision Temperature Sensor LMT70 connection to arduino mega
Do AVR delay functions (_delay_us() and _delay_ms()) use timers?
Strange behaviour on splitting char array and converting the chunks to int
Code flow execution between loop() and timer interrupts
Is the ShiftOut tutorial on the official Arduino website really wrong regarding the capacitor?
Cannot find solution to "variable out of scope"
Use MQ2 Sensor with Arduino Uno without breadboard?
Function pointer or abstract class?
Delay in displaying data received from UART when used with PCINT on PIN0
Output 12-25V from Arduino Mega
Taking pictures with a small Arduino
Splitting a string read from Serial into parts
Undervoltage from solar panels
How to convert an hex string to an array of bytes?
delay() runs super fast unless I remove a while loop that never runs
Is there a microcontroller that can output hdmi?
read CID of SD card with SD.h library
Integrating an analog signal using Arduino Mega 2560
Read from analog then cast not showing the correct value
Stopping Serial on RX/TX pins while running Serial on USB
Is it possible to use Arduino PWM for audio within a PAM8493 amplifier?
error: espcomm_upload_mem failed ESP8266
Arduino Zero D0/D1 set output high
Passing serial data to Processing using something other than ln to trigger Processing
How to read resistive buttons with Arduino Pro Micro?
Incorrect data being received on RX of NRF24L01P
ESP8266 + NeoPixel - Cannot set pixel color, I got "Exception 29: StoreProhibited"
H11L1 opto isolator does not pass signal to Arduino (correctly)
Unusualy high fail rate with Adafruit Circuit playgrounds
How to cross compile Arduino code?
Servo only going one direction till it reach limit
Unable to upload code to Leonardo
Neopixels with I/O expander
Uno - PCA9685 Servos are too shaky before stabilizing - when using two channels
Powering my Arduino Mega project
Which Arduinos have a true serial port?
Difference between Arduino and elegoo?
Measuring time between two photoresistors and printing time on lcd
Echo from device not matching input
Why is 8x8 matrix pins do not correspond to rows and columns order?
arduino labview serial communication
ESP8266 UDP multicast doesn't receive packets
Do all arducam need the "Arducam-F Shield"?
Problems with ACS758 Hall Effect Current Sensors - Calibration and no Signal
I2C device responding, but data is nacked
Can I run arduino on Windows Embedded Compact 2013?
Arduino Uno SD card fails to initialize
Arduino with HC 08 bluetooth module
Sending Analog Input Data from Serial Port to Google Sheets
Understanding bitwise operations
Confusion receiving I2C data from magnetic sensor
Convert Bitstring to Textstring
Are the output pins on the 74HC595 shift register protected against shorting?
I want to control a single DC motor with an Arduino. Why would I use an Arduino motor shield as opposed to an H-circuit and a MOSFET?
Arduino Ethernet shield cannot establish connection
How can I know how far a button is pressed?
How to get different parsed JSON data?
Reading force from an FSR in Newtons
Arduino micro not recognized
More than 4 MCP23S17 on 1 SPI bus
Constructing my own serial command syntax to control arduino
Trigger countdown with 433MHz transmission
Arduino Uno power input - is 5 V at 1 A enough?
How can I update global variable within a loop from outside the loop?
Using PWM signal to decrease power of laser over time
How to select hardware for my Arduino board?
If this the way to generate a BEEP for a second
Would this substitute for an Interrupt timer?
Powering potientiometer/button with a digital pin
Stable temperature sensor under voltage fluctuations
Fading red to white to blue continuous loop on ws2812 LED strip
Arduino Mega 2560 with SIM808 module
External ADC reading zero while input is zero
Serial Monitor Stops Working
SIM800C developer board "SIM not inserted"
Trying to send serial data to computer over network from Arduino Yún
What is actually an IC (Integrated Circuit)?
Problem with the Frequency meter code
mega2560- Interrupts reading digital input
Oscillating Analog Readings
Connect Arduino Uno RX/TX to 3.3v NEO-M8N gps module
How do I choose proper diodes for a 74HC595 shift register with a wired OR connection?
Possible ArduinoJson bug on ESP8266?
Synchronising LEDs
Arduino Mega 2560 with SIM808 module - Incomplete SMS response
Recording and playback sound
Controlling an MCP41HV31 Digital Potentiometer
ICSP pin, what is it actually?
Two Arduinos get out of sync after a few seconds
HC-05 emit data without pairing
String to persistent memory (EEPROM?)
Serial Communication between ESP8266 and Arduino Uno
error: expected unqualified-id before '.' token
Power a Raspberry Pi 3 from an Arduino Uno
Trying to communicate with an ESP8266
Repeatedly checking multiple "if" statements
Arduino code to control 4 led's from 4 buttons
mcufriend 2.4 TFT with ESP8266
AtTiny44 and AtTiny 85 communication
Making a 7-hour timer-based relay
Micro servo is not working with Arduino UNO
How can I define integer inputs to a function and get array as an output?
How do I read a sub-degree angle?
65 hall effect sensors as switches to be used as a keyboard with a teensy
How to read response from server using an Ethernet shield?
Adafruit Gemma unrecognised USB device on Windows 10
Is this (loose) capacitor critical?
Upload original firmware to HID Arduino
Not able to read the product ID from ADIS16260 Gyroscope Sensor
Read and store data with the usb
Need help with my code for my project using an Arduino Uno and Processing
Purpose of this resistor in Arduino Nano schematic
How can I tell what programmer to use?
How can I get additional Slave Select pins?
Serial write skips on Arduino Due
My Arduino Ethernet shield is not working
Arduino UNO UART coding in pure C
Arduino chip family
Cant open serial monitor on linux
Arduino digital pin reading string numbers
what is aref(analog reference)
Can't upload any code to my Arduino board
How to connect a Pressure Sensor-MPX10DP to an Arduino?
Custom board with ATMega32u4 having USB issues
Read Audio Data in Real-time over 3.5mm Stereo Cable
Which Timer can I use on the Arduino/Genuino Micro?
Pressing reset button restarts program only seconds latter
Can upload programs to ESP8266 with Arduino Nano but not run them
How to speed up Due ADC
How to store incoming serial string in arduino?
character input for an integer variable?
Using ArduCam library for Ov7076 camera
How to extract latitude and longitude from GPS
How to create a simple TCP server with the analogRead value on Wemos D1 mini?
IR Remote code not activating ON/OFF states
Connecting NodeMCU with OV7076 camera
How to control RC power switch with Arduino-/Adafruit-Board?
Problem with tachometer using attachInterrupt and servo
Visual Studio integration with Arduino
ESP8266 send TCP HEX packet with 4 chars
ESP8266 stops reponding
Compilation Error: "cannot declare 'client' to be of abstract type 'Client'"
Servo FS5106B does not work properly
Interrupt problem...?
Why is the T2 transistor used in Arduino Micro?
Arduino RS232 Shield with SD Card conflict
Can I power my shift register with a 12V external power supply and connect only the data, strobe and clear pins to the Arduino digital pins?
GPS Logger Error
'Class SdFat' error message with Adafruit wave shield
Arduino UNO two SoftwareSerial ports communication
ATtiny85 soft-latching, and sensor-waking: Are multiple switches differentiable by pin change interrupt?
Maximum Delay time
How to get Arduino to talk to two seperate motors wirelessly?
SPI MOSI receive error
My Arduino code will not compile, when I can't see anything wrong with it
How to control Arduino using mBlock and Bluetooth?
Arduino USB and 9V
Feasibility of project with 50 leds working independently
Is it possible to make normal pins act like ground pins?
Arduino PC to RS232 not reading data
Detect where pressure is being applied by using force resistors
What is the relationship of an Arduino .ino file to main.cpp?
Pressure Sensor-MPX10DP with amplifier and Arduino UNO - output to kPa
Communicate between NodeMCU ESP8266 gateway and multiple sensor nodes
Stepper motor not working in Arduino 101
what are data types in c
Running a 7 pin OLED with 4 pins (I2C)
Hiding WLAN password when pushing to GitHub
Encode & decode boolean values into a single integer?
weird output from keyboard program
How to programmatically choose "board model" and "port number" in Arduino IDE?
Send AT commands programatically to ESP8266 without Arduino
If (serial.available()) conditional statement
How can the sensitivity of capacitive touch sensors be limited?
How to use Atmega1284AU with Arduino IDE
I can't upload sketches to my Arduino 101
Problem with reading series of bytes over serial port
DigitalWrite Cannot Power HC-06 Bluetooth
Send signal to vibrate a Restaurant buzzer via web based app to a PC
Can't print on LCD
Differences between nodemcu and arduino processer
Code to obtain PWM output
Arduino Gesture Sensor error:No such file or directory
Do all serial ports on an Arduino MEGA 2560 have the potential to "brick" attached items when being flashed?
Wire library compatibility Arduino Pro Mini - nodeMCU (I2C/TWI) problem
PS2 Keyboard and sending keystrokes between a Leonardo and several pro micros
Infinite "while" statement
Are global variables evil in Arduino?
polynomial change of LED brightness arduino
433Mhz receiver only get values of 0, 1, 2
Rotary encoder I2C LCD menu
Lifespan of a hot microchip
Why is the GSM shield so expensive?
What is the difference between python and arduino programming?
Very bright cursos positions
Using Thinger.io Wifi together with HX711 library soft resets ESP8266 (NodeMCU)
Why would digital outputs on Arduino Due be less than 3.3V?
Digispark Serial Port Communication
Sizeof variables and Due's RAM
Time to read/write memory on the DUE
Why is Wire.onReceive() called during requests?
Fastest way to read an array of numbers from python
Use a Unicode surrogate pair character in Arduino IDE
Arduino Mega - I2C pins (20/21) unreliable
How to get DHT11 temperature/humidity sensor to update on Arduino Uno
for loop reads pots, passes value to PWM pins, can this be in the same for loop?
Arduino Zero timer setup
Controllino Debugging
Esp <--> Esp Communication
Lowest memory consumption for arrays
DHT11 is not reading Temperature and Humidity when Arduino is powered on using DC power Supply (12V)
How to detect which wire is live and which is neutral with Arduino?
Analog thermistor readings are wrong
time delayed LEDs
Can I power arduino uno R3 with 9v battery through Vin?
Data not updated in real time
Arduino UNO IR blaster - storing codes in PROGMEM
433 MHZ connection between two Arduino (nano,uno) fails after some time
Is it ok to declare variables inside timer interrupts?
High Speed Thermocouple Readings
Help with code. Fade in LEDs from off (shift register)
How can I pass a long as parameter and get a char array in return?
SdFat Library what is dir_t*?
Photoresistor and another switch
Ams1117 worked fine on battery, up in smoke with 12v power supply
Can I cause breaking the main loop from an interrupt?
Arduino Due not properly detecting SD card
Delay a part of the void loop
15x15x15 LED cube with thermal sensors
Serial port - ESP8288 (TCP/IP) - WiFi - "Virtual serial port on my linux/windows PC" [Solved]
serial data gets spoiled
How to create a String with Temperature Value From An int Value
Can I use an ESP8266 as a replacement for an original Arduino?
MIDIUSB - Why is the command put twice?
is there a timeout for Ethernet.begin?
Burn smell from arduino uno
Feasability question
Simulate 9 pin joystick output
How do i power recycle on SD card
Powering on the PC
Arduino UNO only works with Monitor Serial opened
Creating a file in an SD card
Delay only some function
Start I2C communication at an external event
Arduino as Slave | SPI | Answers too late
Weird issue with software serial?
Arduino Uno wont power up when GND is plugged in Logic Converter
Updating Array Values Incrementally Overwrites The Existing Values, Why?
Void value not ignored as it ought to be
Arduino I2C via USB Serial cable?
arduino on battery for long time use
SD card fail of initializing
Python - Arduino communication not reliable
What not to do to an Arduino
Use timer0 without affecting millis() and micros()
Arduino, Serial and wrapper class
Arduino Mega, PWM analogWite doesn't work with Timer interrupt
I bought ATmega328p with bootloader and I can't erase it
Possible reason for broken Uno
Interfacing Logitech Joystick to Arduino and interrupt a while loop
How to load Image in Arduino?
Can't Upload Sketch, Atmel SDM Chip Overheating
Include Adafruit_RGB LCD Shield library in class
Saving EEPROM after programming on Arduino uno
Read and parse continuous serial stream
Writing serial data on a pin on Arduino
Comparison of Board Shape between Arduino MEGA and Arduino DUE
Run two Loops Simultaneously on Arduino
Buzzing on computer speakers when LEDs are on
ESP Wemos D1 upload fails
Arduino: Connect UNO to A7 AI Thinker
Adafruit nRF52 feather board [SOLVED]
Arduino LilyPad and nRF8001 module wiring
CH340 max serial speed
analogRead() hangs
Programming ATmega328p on external board with FT232R
Using Capacitive Sensing Library with a 74HC4067 multiplexer
SPI Arduino communication
Millisecond timestamp (13 digits) in Arduino
What's in an Arduino?
inttypes vs Arduino defined integral types
Reading an output analog pin with an input analog pin
Sending string over serial to nodejs app. Why does it get chunked?
UECIDE: linker error with U8g2 library
12V from Arduino Uno
How to measure resistance of TFT Touchscreen
Menu with switch case not behaving correctly
Change Token authentication method to MQTT authentication method(username, password, client_id, ssid, passwd)
Arduino and 2 MOSFETs
ATmega328p - ISC00 with INT1?
Convert from 3 V to 5 V
Arduino Mega Timer1 in pure C problem - doesn't work
Arduino language
MAX7219 powered on via digital pin set to HIGH is not working good (I < 25mA)
Get hour with ctime (time library with ESP8266)
Reading values from TTP229 capacitive touch sensor on arduino
What would be the Western / American equivalent of the Troyka Shield and modules?
Can't manually connect HC-05 master to slave
Is it possible to run two for loops separated?
How to store/get MIDI SystemExclusive data?
How to map sensor analog output voltage
Issues uploading to atmega324pb w/ adruino as ISP
ESP32 wifi module
Only 2 decimal places in printed float
Receiving Multiple data on Arduino Serial
Arduino Leonardo(Atmega32u4) - Detecting if USB is connected to a computer?
Check to see that String only contains .csv style numbers
How can I control the speed and direction of dc motor at the same time (through Bluetooth
Convert int to char[]
How do I prevent Arduino from running on startup?
5V and Vin pins on Arduino
DFRobot GPS init error [Arduino Uno, SIM808]
Why is a delay(1) necessary before Wire.requestFrom?
Confused between which arduino to use for project?
stepper motor always stops in a fixed position in each rotation
use OTG as extension?
Use 5V pH sensor with 3.3V NodeMCU
Help What am I doing wrong? Matrix Led
(ESP8266) Check if a SSID is in range
Connecting Arduino Wifi shield to Arduino Uno based Mcore board
Tracking one Nrf24l01 by another
Reliably measuring the energy consumption of arduino running sketch
Error running the code
Call class B from Class A
FPC1020 + WeMos D1 Mini
microstepping and pwm
Restarting Arduino changes cursor position on OLED
OLED display crashes when connecting USB
Modified Mesh networking using nrf24l01
Advance arduino programming?
NodeMCU NeoPixel
Understanding a PWM spec
Sending POST request to HTTPS aws server using SIM900A
Automotive Lighting Control Module
Can't find OV2640 module! pid: 254
Powering Sim808 + Arduino UNO
Can I get the arduino to run ESP8266 code?
Should BLK and GRN of Pro Mini be connected to upload sketch?
How to merge 2 batteries socketof 6v each
Arduino Ethernet Shield 2: How can I automatically determine the MAC Address?
Arduino Micro not providing regulated power
MCP23S17 library crashes
Suddenly I can't compile any sketch. Not even a blink sketch that I compiled earlier
Simple Multiple RX/TX SoftwareSerial?
Wake up Arduino Uno by RTC
Logic Gates Identifier
Serial speed for debugging/logging
Bluno + PS3 controller?
Arduino 3.3V Conversion
Arduino timer ctc mode 4 vs 14
How to read a timer's value once stopped?
Which component is described as a "jumper" (NOT jumper wire) when working with a motor shield?
How to understand the "power economy" of a voltage up-converter (boost converter)?
Tap into display signal
HMC5883L stops reading when x-axis value get to positive value
Arduino Pro Micro not recognised by computer or showing up in ports
How do I connect a LED strip to a Multiwii SE 2.5?
Weird behaviour of rotary encoder values
Can an Arduino be used to read data from a serial port?
Slower nRF24L01 round trip delay than expected
How to declare and use "Variabled arrays" inside arrays
Arduino: Digitally Muti-Switch - What is the proper term for hardware?
AT+HTTPACTION: What is status 606 means?
Writing int/long on Sd card
Burning Arduinos one after another
Arduino and big servo
Two nRF24L01 radios per Arduino
Arduino Uno + Sim808: Using HTTP client for GPRS GSM
Is this assignment valid or needs casting?
Make arduino board controler for watering system with power bank
How to send a number to Arduino via Python over serial?
I'm getting watchdog timer resets in NodeMCU. How can I permanently disable or stop that?
How to convert numbers from Serial port input to HEX String?
5 inch TFT LCD for Arduino
Roadblock using template functions
Connect ESP8266 ESP-12 with 2 arduinos
Using 2 GY521(mpu6050)s with Arduino Uno R3
Arduino + SIM808: How to get only the JSON object response without the header?
I have just done this same code but not getting exact time as per Indian timezone...What thing should I add to get exact time?
getting " .error: failed sending 1116 bytes warning: espcomm_send_command: didn't receive command response"
What is the maximum SPI speed for a slave Uno/clone?
Problem reading from GPS
How can I connect a force sensitive resistor to a vibration motor via Arduino?
ATmega328p hangs on USART RX interrupt
ESP8266 Send data to Firebase using Arduino Uno error
Video streaming by ESP32
Unexpected results and hard crash when modifying and addressing arrays & variables within a struct
More missed messages with longer cables with nRF24L01+?
Connecting Arduino Uno WiFi Developer Edition to the Internet
Format error with ESP8266 compile
is a 5V cellphone power supply stabilised?
How can I know if I can stack some shield on another shield?
Writing on a SdCard
Arduino IDE missing libread.s0.6
Use Print library to set string variable
ESP8266 connecting keypad and lcd display
Coding or Wiring? Dual Piezo sensor not triggering LED lights
Multiple SPIs on one Arduino [SOLVED]
Raptors relocation
Mega + SIM808 GPRS GSM GPS IPX-SMA module power on from code
How to add this old BASIC code snippet to work in Arduino C++ for FastLED?
Arduino Micro disappears on osX 10.11.6
Pointer problems using Adafruit MotorController
LinkNode D1 Serial stops working when using pinMode
Sensor for turning rail direction
can someone please fix this code
LM35 readings are erratic
Preprocessing problem
Arduino Pro Mini maximal and recommended current per pin
is it possible to program an arduino with usb/ttl adapter
Using all ten capacitive touch inputs on the ESP32
How to burn the bootloader onto a bare chip without using an Arduino board
Duplicate libraries while compiling for ESP32 in the Arduino IDE
LED Webserver control not working
How can my library source code instantiate an object from another library?
Connecting Arduino to PC through Slimline SATA instead of USB?
Arduıno button problem
Send a polymorphic object over serial
What to use instead of a USB to serial converter
Can the WiFi on ESP8266 be disabled?
Arduino nano does not draw enough power
Can i use ULN 2003 with 9v directly?
Arduino Leonardo as keyboard for an iPad
ARDUINO led bar indicator if/for/else
CRC usage when ack disabled in nRF24L01
Powering Multiple Servos From One Battery- What is my circuit missing?
Changing parameters of pulseIn() to sense different materials
AtTiny85 and MMA8452Q accelerometer cannot connect using i2c
Unreliable serial communication from Arduino Mega
What are all the cameras that are compatible with ATtiny microcontroller?
Arduino port relocation (PORTD to PORTB)
Arduino motor and motor driver
Using ESP8266 Adapter with Temperature/Humidity Sensor
Arduino library not working, can't find header
How do I use an image sensor with an arduino uno?
Trying to flash ATTiny85 bootloader using FT232R in the Arduino IDE
Program NOT responding to loop()- Arduino UNO+GSM + Sensor
When uploading a sketch to an esp8266, isn't that the same as "flashing firmware"?
Alternative for IRF520 mosfet in Arduino shutdown schema
Garbage when listening to serial
Can I connect a voltage, higher that the 1.1V bandgap voltage, to an ADC pin
Controlling an analog potentiometer using an Arduino
How can I work with two devices that use the SPI protocol?
LEDs on Arduino WiFi Shield
Function for converting milliseconds to minutes?
Can anyone identify these headers?
How to know physical address of XBee?
Which is RX and TX pin of the HM-10 module?
Accessing a C++ static variable from gcc inline asm
LEDs Randomly smooth transitioning, accounting for black or how-to switch using HSV
Connecting E-paper display (GD) to Arduino?
Adding an LCD to Uno but not enough pins left
Purpose of extra pin slots on Pololu DRV8835
Solution for simple multi-Arduino communication network (or alternative?)
ESP8266 - UDP send interruptions
arduino send logged data over wifi
Pin 9 and 10 with different duty cycles
Gate opener code help - should be working
Arduino Mega PWM doesn't work in C Code
How to receive and process a long string sent over serial?
is using two UARTs wiser compared to I2C and UART with Arduino + Xbee + BNO055 Sensor
Weird arduino bug, using microphone and relay
Atmega2560V, trying to burn bootloaders of MegaCore
Arduino digitalWrite not working
using references to SFRs in gcc inline assembler
Attiny85 - Method to discard glitched ADC values?
Bluetooth Low Energy dropping data at 115200 baud?
Differences between Arduino Uno SMD and Uno DIP
Connecting esp8266 using Arduino
Is it safe to short two pins together for conditioning a sketch?
how to set the delay on for 7 hours?
How to use ESP8266 Pin D3 / GPIO 0 and D8 / GPIO 15 properly
Powering via an I/O Line
Using a separate power supply?
Multimaster I2C with same address
Problem with uploading my sketch to my Arduino
Stopping motor DC with 2 limit switches
can we use Lm317 1.25 ref for ext. reference of arduino
How to use #define in a library I'm trying to write?
Converting UNIX Time
usart sketch uploaded using makefile gives unusual behaviour
Charlieplexing 30 LED sections with a max of 27 LEDs at the same time?
changing device signature in avrdude
AT+CENG=2,0 What type is the returning LAC?
Arduino writes only one time on SD card - Data log
Arduino UNO/Nano communication with SP1ML-868 module
Connecting ESP8266 to Arduino Uno
Analog inputs are not working
Ultrasonic Sensor returns com3 false
'tmElements_t' does not name a type
NodeMCU stops responding after several hours
Boat project - object detection
Unknown type name 'IRsend'
ESP8266 disconnects after relay switch
Elegoo "Uno R3" not being recognized in any computer anymore
WiFi101 Client HTTP POST fails after 3rd request
2 Channel Relay normal open is not working with NodeMCU but led on board light up
How to listen for an incoming serial string inside loop with long delay?
Android, Raspberry, Atmega, SQL communication
Dynamic SSID + Password from ESP8266WiFi
Can we use yx5300 to play audio from a file in Arduino?
Solution to interrupt Arduino every n seconds
I2C communication between Arduino Due and Nano
Built-in capacitive touch detection with SAMD21 development board (Arduino Zero Compatible)
RFM95 LoRa module frequency options
Usage of Crypto Library (Speck)
Connecting an Ultrasonic Sensor to Arduino (4-Wire)
Blueduino Rev2 service UUID for web bluetooth
How can I configure the RFM95 LoRa module to emit packets at only 'one' particular frequency?
Arduino ESC controlled motor has issues
L298 works only when touched
How can I connect nearly 450 LEDs to an arduino without drawing too much current?
EPS8266 ESP-01: LED manipulation seems to interfere with serial communication
Wemos D1 mini freezing after a few minutes
Using "boolean" Data Type
TEENSY 3.2 RS-232 throughput
Selling a product using Arduino microcontroller or bootloader
Arduino uno R3 Not detected in windows 7 64
PushButton as LED Switch (does not work)
Do we need ARM build for arduino while interfacing R-pi and arduino
Multiple SPI device
Using I2C to keep track of position of slaves
How to compare payload value?
problem uploading arduino sketch on esp8266-12e
ESP8266-12 is showing garbage when RST is given
Error "Documents/Arduino/libraries/.DS_Store/library.properties: permission denied"
ADXL345 becomes 0g when plugin MicroSD Adapter using SPI
IEEE 754 for integer
Arduino interrupt sleep mode/reset problem
Menu libaries for a clock
Servo jitter with two atmegas
How do I handle multiple interrupts and outputs simultaneously?
No change in acs 712 readings after connection to load
Send serial command and wait for reply
Receiving serial data in groups instead of individually
Arduino Mega 2560 interrupt pins and port mapping with rotary encoder
Difficulty connecting arduino ethernet with PC using a switch
Are there any electro-chemical sensors available to measure nutrient contents of soil?
Timer Prescaler problem
Arduino Newbie: Solderless Breadboard Alternate
Determine whether a variable is of an arithmetic type
MAX7219 with Arduino UNO - LED control doesn't work
FreeRTOS : Create Tasks but don't start Scheduler
Different behavior when Arduino Micro powered by laptop USB vs portable charger USB
Reading multiple NTC temperature sensors with Arduino
Arduino only sends HTTP 1.0 requests
How to get the angle from vertical window blinds
Can I set pin 13 to output 5v, then put arduino mini pro to sleep?
Arduino Uno - relay with separate power
Debouncing, or problem with my code?
Sim808: Is My GPS Module Broken?
Reading HC05 Output
Using ESP8266-01 with Arduino uno R3
Connecting multiple boards to Arduino Uno r3
DHT11 returning incorrect values
Best way to store files on Arduino
Disabling Timer2
Dshot implementation on Arduino (ESC protocol)
Wireless Shield Not being detected w/ Arduino Uno R3
CH34x board fails with avrdude: stk500_getsync() attempt 1 of 10: not in sync: resp=0x00 Atemel Mega328P AU1640
How to call more than 10 different functions based on serial input?
Why did my pushbutton LED circuit work when my wiring was wrong?
How to tune up a servo and add protective clauses?
Uploading Arduino bootloader to ATmega32U4 with another Arduino?
Standalone 328p Programming with CH340G programmer
Controlling 10+x 5m led strips with 10+ individual analog floor switches
What is the proper way to make library pin mappings configurable?
No Socket Available message floods serial monitor
How can I move an arduino library into my project repo and use it from there?
someone can help please? am getting an error saying expected } at the end of input
Can't move servo with my Nano
Is a solenoid piston strong enough to lock a water tubling?
connection for hall sensor 4 pin and arduino nano
Make Sure Digital pin is high before Serial.write()
New to Arduino building
How to detect if LED is switched on in external circuit using Arduino NANO?
SIM800L and Arduino Sleep - getting whimsy Serial output after 5 calls
Wifi with ESP8266 and Arduino sketches
User configuration file does not exist or is not a regular file, skipping
Flashing ESP8266 over WiFi whith samrtphone?
Arithmetic types in Arduino
Programming Leonardo with TTL to USB cable
Using Raspberry Pi to Receive Float from Arduino using NRF24L01
Getting BPM from the given code
How can I have the user instantiate an object?
Digital Music Player (SD to USB)
ADXL345 hangs the microcontroller as vibrations increase
strcat appending multiple times when called in loop
Can I read two PWM signals and output two square waves on an UNO?
Urgent need of help splitting a JSON formatted string received by UDP
Using Serial as boolean function argument
Send HTTP get request from GSM SIM800c and Arduino
Arduino crashing during serial print for no obvious reason
Reason for warning "avr:build doesn't define a 'build.board' preference" when build.board is explicitly set in boards.txt?
Specifying port in Ciao.write
Problem with 16x2 LCD using Arduino
Is there a way to power off external devices during deep sleep
How to read data from an NI DAQ?
Sharing a Digital Pin / What to do when two components need a specific Digital Pin?
How to record steps a stepper motor takes and how to rotate it backward and forward with analog input?
upload.tool not used in custom boards.txt?
How to compare two string?
RFID does not respond after Ethernet.begin(mac, ip) initialization
lcd not display
How is interaction with CDC device with no interface endpoints working?
Serial.println cuts off first digit
Arduino and Optoisolators
Yet another display 16x2 not working with arduino
Storing a counter to EEPROM - how to extend the life?
How can i change by esp8266 baudrate, as I accidentally changed the baudrate to something else(which I dont remember)?
how fast does loop() run in Arduino
Arduino Mega and other modules power consumption
NRF24L01 receiving even if no data sent
Default sketch working but arduino is not recognizing
Issue with If statement and boolean logic
Arduino Mega and other modules power consumption
I2C FRAM read/write is very slow. Taking over 500 microseconds per read, almost 500 per write
Establishing an MQTT connection using Arduino Mega and ESP8266
Controlling ceiling fan speed using Arduino
Connect arduino with C# Desktop application wireless using esp8266
Waking Arduino from sleep by holding button for more than 3 seconds
RFID-RC522 not working, red led is on
Arduino WiFi Dongle Connection
POST to server using ESP8266 module- Arduino Uno- AT+ commands
Power consumption in Arithmetic Operation in Arduino UNO
Grounding for arduino, measuring phase controllled 240V
How can I swap a servo with a stepper motor?
Can not receive data from UART with stepper motor
How do I connect an Adafruit headphone jack to an Arduino 101?
Troubleshooting an Arduino Computer Program
Arduino Editor: Monitor menu show "Serial port unavailable"
Angular velocity of a dc motor controlled by a potentiometer
Problem receiving full serial event+SMS
Super-fast USB communication; how is it possible?
Simplest/best way to control a set of 8-10 PWM signals from a smartphone
Problems Writing and Clearing 24FC512 EEPROM using Arduino Uno
How to "break" a function we made?
Arduino - Getting error - 'TCCR2' was not declared in this scope
GPS and Arduino
Transfer byte-buffer with ENC28J60
Linux SSH command for Arduino Console
Coding for a stop button
Problem reading in Arduino serial port with 5K potentiometer
Arduino Nano + RFID RC522 + Ethernet shield W5100
How to restart USB subsystem?
Switching between SPI Devices when one is an SD card
Analog output low voltage issue, how to troubleshoot
RFID access system with PN532 reader
Arduino Wire communication with MCP23008 GPIO pin expander to turn on an LED with a button press
How do I fix this error? It says "warning: invalid conversion from 'long int*' to 'long int' [-fpermissive]
Communication with ESP, HTTP requests or WebSocket?
Connecting Arduino Uno to a smartwatch via bluetooth
RF receiver becomes weakened after motor turns on
Make Piano keys on Webpage create sound on Arduino (w/out Shield)
Unplanned behavior with two power sources
Arduino SDFat Libray overwrites last value
Transfer serial data to struct variable in Arduino
Changing Text Arduino inkShield
Alternative code for pinMode()?
Why is CLK_FLASH separate from CLK_CPU?
STM8 Development Board with Arduino IDE
Is it possible to configure FRAM memory for use as stack and heap?
Combining 2 IF statements, getting nowhere and pulling hair out! ;)
Sine wave PWM Arduino Micro
How do I program the Arduino Primo Core using the Arduino Primo?
How much power can a proto board handle?
Open Parent Class as Child Class (SD Fat Library)
Inkjet Printer Robot Wheels
No serial data from Adafruit GPS (on Arduino 101)
Erasing all flash on boards with over 64kb of program memory
Multiple timed functions (timing off)
Why don't these sketches produce a similar output?
HD44780 Extended non-display DDRAM?
Error Compiling to Board Teensy LC
ADXL345 hangs the micro-controller as vibrations increase
I2C from two masters (ATtiny85, ESP8266) to one slave (ATmega328)
Weird output from chained 74HC595 shift registers
WiFiSSLClient will not connect to servers with LetsEncrypt certificates
How do I calculate sampling rate of external ADC?
Servo motor sweeps beyond 180
How to use ESP8266 wifi shield as a hotspot?
NodeMCU keeps hanging after random time
Very long range wireless communication between two arduinos(500-1000 KM)
Simulate V1838B IR LED output
How to send information from Arduino?
ESP-01 adapter and logic level converter
Using multiple sensors on ESP8266 Wifi module
How to switch on or off up to seven devices individually?
SIM900A A6 module Arduino +CME error 58
Osepp LCD 16x2 Screen Printing Out Pixels In Random Spots
Serial.print and char[] & null
Powering Arduino with 12V AC-DC Adapter Jack
connecting multiple keypads
XBee s6b internet
Servos: attach() and write()
Is it possible to connect nodemcu to mobile internet and how?
How to set Inquire Access Code (IAC) via AT commands on HC-05?
I have built a battery level indicator and have tested with a 12V battery Would it harm my arduino board if I connect a 48V battery?
Low power RGB LED for wearable device
HC-05 module short circuit
Differences between Arduino IDE versions
Can't upload the program to Arduino Uno
Known conflicts between use of HC-12 and Ethernet Shield on Mega2560?
Midi Program not sending notes
Wiring diagram for Arduino to prevent relay firing on reboot
Avoiding false rising and falling edge when using demultiplexer
Arduino MEGA2560 Standalone
ESP needs a reboot after wifi OTA flash
Particle Spark (Arduino) How to flash 2 LED sequences at the same time?
Connecting Arduino to the ESP8266
ESP8266 error: espcomm_upload_mem failed while uploading sketch
How to vibrate Adafruit Feather 32u4 Bluefruit LE device?
Adafruit Motor Shield and Bridge Library for Yun Shield
Data from RC522 to firebase real time database
Triggering actions in Android smartphone via Bluetooth from Arduino
Using Multiple identical sensors - Beginner
Breaking out of while loop using IR remote input
Midi Timecode Fails to Send
Bluetooth HM-10 in central mode bonding with another bluetooth device
Broadcasting parallel data from Arduino using router
Cannot upload sketches, and loopback test fails, but bootloader is intact and correct
PWM output maximum current
Advice on cabling, packaging and connectors for 12v light project
Arduino 101 accelerometer drift or calculation error?
How to flash/blink I2C LCD backlight without delay function?
How to keep a 24 hour maximum and minimum temperature
Allocation, initialization and scope
Efficiency of a cast vs a shift
Building mocoLUFA under OSX & Linux
Cannot mount NodeMCU with MicroPython on Mac OS X
I2C Temperature Sensor Communication Issue
Arduino & NodeMCU, one server and multiple clients
How to send data from an Arduino GPRS module to a Django application hosted on Heroku?
What good designs are available for Geiger counters using an Arduino?
Force Sensitive Resistor OverLoad
Arduino ESP8266 direct/fast control of the digital pins
What are these wires called?
Atmega328p screen + midi, possible?
LCD is not showing any text
Fade sketch stuck in mathematical loop
Can you use an input pin instead of ground in Arduino circuitry?
How do I make the HC-05 bluetooth module take data from the HC-SRO4, and then send it to my Android app?
Can you connect more sensors of the same type to a single board while not using up more pins than if you were to use a single sensor?
Cannot create a PWM with 20% duty cycle using micro() timer
How to read the busy flag on LCD?
Trying to flash ESP8266 with Arduino UNO
Stability issue with webserver and smartmeter logging
What is causing this 'narrowing conversion' warning?
Arduino UNO + Ethernet Shield + LCD + RFID but RFID doesn't work
Installing Arduino IDE on Linux
Android as sensor hub
nRF24L01 not communicating
Can't upload to Arduino Mini via Arduino USB 2 Serial Converter
Arduino Uno - Multiple modules for HDMI switch device
SIM900a Mini Modem, IMEI 0, help with TX RX pins
PWM on Pin 4 - arduino Micro
Connecting a servo via HC05 and HC06
DHT11 data in Arduino UNO to Firebase through ESP8266
Problem with Arduino Uno and SIM900 shield logical communication (rx & tx)
avrdude: Can't find programmer id "{upload.protocol}"
Digital Vibration sensor on NodeMCU ESP8266
Ultrasonic distance module works without connecting to gnd
Arduino with nRF24L01
Set board manager as ATmega16
How to use and retrieve data file from AT command in Arduino D1 Mini Wemos (With esp8266)
myserial.available() returns zero byte
How to calculate voltage from A0 pin
Reduce PWM Frequency Arduino DUE
Cannot upload to Due
Can I use ESP8266 WiFi features with Arduino Uno?
Can I use my PC or Android mobile as WiFi Shield/Module for Arduino UNO?
Can we use Arduino mini in eagle to create new custom modal
Error while uploading code to ESP8266 through Arduino Mega 2560
Reload only one variable in loop()
Home devices control system using gsm and arduino mega2560
ESP8266 Wemos D1 Retrieving Wrong AP Mac Address
Reading/Writing Strings with Bluetooth Windows API
How to dynamically allocate arrays
ESP8266 not working properly
Unsigned long overflow? Or something else?
using UART bridge module to have serial communication through usb port of arduino nano
Arduino - fuse setting problem on ATmega328P-PU
Use Arduino Uno digital pins instead of ESP8266
Arduino for kids toy with Battery (safe), Can Arduino overheat the Battery with long running code
ESP8266 as ISP program for ATMega16
Rotate Robot head according to Sound level
Alternate between 2 relays with one button
Arduino Micro serial communication is not working after wake from power down
OLED on Hardware SPI, on DUE
BMP 280 exact Altimeter readings
How can I wire a 12V LED switch so that it is powered, but my Arduino only receives a 5V signal?
Power Measurement
Unable to connect ESP8266 to WPA2+Enterprise network
How to do with fzz file
Time Library Adjust Default on Windows
Convert string into char array in Arduino?
Odd Serial behavior with Uno
Need help to set PWM frequency to 25kHz on pin 8 of Arduino Mega
Master Slave Arduino-Side Multiprocessing
A beginner lost at sea, Arduino looking at the sun
Receive an array of characters using SIM900 module
Protothread Library Stalling on One Thread
Programming a servo on an ATtiny85
Variables displayed incorrectly
WS2812 (?) RGB LED matrix turns on white
ESP8266: Client Server Based Home Automation System
Esp32 Https Problem
Where to use "static volatile bool"?
Unable to open arduino on raspberry pi3
Xbee AT Commands failing. Something wrong with Serial? Tx commands working fine
DS18B20 setting resolution without addressing
How can i build mouseless technology with arduino?
Is it possible for Arduino firmware to recognise only one computer?
just a silly doubt about glowing an LED
Need help to set PWM frequency to 25kHz on pin 8 of Arduino Mega to control speed of a 4-wire cpu fan
Reading FAN tachometer/RPM on 4 wire fan using arduino
Can arduino nano board support bluetooth earphone and python for sound function?
How to get elapsed seconds since Jan 1, 1970?
Use ESP-01 with Arduino Uno/Nano, with the ESP8266WiFi library
Sim800l gsm module cannot connect gprs data
Adafruit Feather 32u4 Bluefruit LE and HC-05 Bluetooth module
Arduino protecting analog input with internal voltage reference
Dust sensor code with a few errors
Run Stepper with A4988 driver in highest resolution
redefining delay and delaymicros as personal function
Get a LED to fade out
Arduino core structure and timer usage
String to unsigned long conversion
Arduino Uno simple LED example with pointers
How to have code/sketch that's easily toggleable to work on different nodes
Max Sample Rate of an Arduino Uno
Using an ESP8266 with an Arduino Uno - can't get AT command to work
Break loop/restart program at any time
Two data outputs to be displayed on one 16x1 lcd display
USB or external power
Blink a LED between servo pulses
Having a problem where the previous letter flashes after a space
LCD library and timer2 CTC interrupt not working together
How to jump outside the loop? in below Programme how to use goto or any other Jump related Programme
DHT.h Library not being imported
Reading pressure sensor using Arduino analog
Arduino Mega Wifi Shield Timeout Error
Powering a Nano with a 5v mini USB adaptor
ESP8266 Blink sketch - does not blink / or stays constant
serial data transfer on gps shield duinopeak
Conncet Bluetoth module HC-05 to Arduino Uno Using UART Usb to enter in AT command
LED matrix question light up H or 4
What happens if I don't use a relay for 5V pump
check if a fuse is good or bad in an ac circuit using arduino
How important is the INT pin of the MPU6050 (GY-521)?
Referencing Serial output
Motor on transistor causes arduino to reset
ESP8266 blink sketch not blinking LED
Temperature Controlled fan using arduino project regarding - LCD not displaying anything
Why my Arduino output active on reset using relay module?
SIM900A showing Starting modem test...ERROR, no modem answer. Checking IMEI...Modem's IMEI: 0
Arduino port grayed out for Fake Board with CH340
How to connect a simple wall switch to arduino GPIO
Avrdude Verification Error while flashing Arduino Mega code
Problem with load cell and ADS1262
Not sure why eeprom isn't reading back correctly
Water flow sensor unable to get readings
Can I use my Arduino nano to upload sketch in Uno's ATmega328p chip?
Communicating to arduino as fast as real-time
ESP8266 sketch worked a few times but now doesn't seem to run
String to Int Array
How do I properly convert a pointer (uint8_t* or void*) to a "normal" integer?
mcufriend SPI connection
Controlling the Serial Monitor for 10 seconds
Problem with Arduino line follower
Unable to send IR command
Send String to a function inside a class
Ultrasonic HC-SR04 echo and trig pins
ESP8266-01 system param error
for loop iterated only once
Hacking a Chinese Audio Selector Board: IRLib2 with Low Power Sleep Issue
How to connect capacitive touch sensor to Arduino?
Why isn't ESP8266 connecting to wifi when calling yield()?
Soft debouncing from an interrupt during stand-by
Arduino connection with the server failed
Changes to array not reflected
Is it possible to put ATtiny85 to sleep while using TinywireS?
Is it possible to recover an Arduino if it does not wake up after putting it to sleep
Digispark / Digikeyboard code doesn't execute inside setup{}
AT command to put the A6 GSM/GPRS into sleep / power down
Arduino Nano v3: is it possible to PCM + AltSoftSerial?
Simon Says Project - Can't go from random lights to user input
Arduino mega board 5v pin does not gives 5v when 7.5v is applied through external source
How do i fill the second byte?
Help adding 3 more on/off switches so that I can control 4 LEDs
RadioHead library nrf24 sending and receiving struct data problem
How do you post json data to HTTPS endpoint from ESP8266MOD?
How to control a DC motor via Arduino Uno as a slave and Mega 2560 as master?
Arduino (or clone) powered with one or two AA batteries or one CR2032, but still able to give +3.3V or +5V
How can I set up a watchdog interrupt vector timer on the Arduino Redboard/Uno?
Is it possible to use SPI on Redbot Mainboard?
MCU to switch single coil latching relay not working (attempting array with common gnd)
How do you make an Arduino count down timer?
Analog pins as output by using digitalWrite
Is there a way to shift through sensors
Getting no such directory file error when compiling
Connecting multiple load cells to the same microcontroller
Floating-point without FPU
Recognize Morse-like code words
error: espcomm_upload_mem failed when uploading a sketch
Attach Interrupt problem
Operating system on Atmel 328 Arduino?
Will I be able send a HTTP request using the Arduino Yún?
What sensor is used to judge transparency?
Can someone recommend a complete guide for learning Arduino?
Power source for arduino project
i2c wire length
How To Communicate Three NodeMcu In Access Point Mode
HC-SR04 calibration conditions
Arduino with ATmega32U4 low power but keep Serial1 working
Problem with Dual Safety Switches Initiating Timed Relay
Need help with my urgent problem
Compilation Error in nodeMCU along with oneWire temperature sensor ds18b20, and 2x16 LCD display (not I2C)
There is an error stating that "exit status 1 expected unqualified-id before 'if'. This project is used to turn on/off LED and magnetic door
ESP8266-01 wrong flow control settings
Arduino <<I2C>> ATtiny85 stops updating variables after a while
ERROR on SIM900AT comand HTTPDATA (POST method)
A4988 Vref too low
Can Arduino post multiple sensor data to one Google Spreadsheet?
2 sensors, add delay between each reading
Using Interrupt on Arduino
Audio.h Library Issues
Wifi radio with an Arduino
COM port problem when uploading bootloader to SAMD21G
Changing the order of blinking LEDs with the push of a button
Cannot spin motor 28BYJ-48 with controller board ULN2003APG
Adafruit RTC begin() not returning false
How to make two WIR 1186 RF transceivers communicate over serial communication?
Can Arduino Mega ADK charge connected smartphone?
How to embed a 5V-range Arduino-based controller in a 12V-range DC circuit?
How to send HTTP requests using wifi of Arduino Primo board?
Grounding issues Arduino Ethernet Shield makes WS2811 LEDs flicker
Arduino nano ATmega328p with CH341 won't upload
Connecting Arduino Mega + SIM800L to a car battery
Why is there a limitation in using Serial.println on ESP8266?
Current Draw for LED Projects
digitalRead not reading input pin of ESP8266-01
Posting data to ASP web service from GSM using AT commands - where am I going wrong
Writing a value to 7-segment max7219 displays
Do I need a relay to control a monitor's power with an Arduino?
Mapping string values
Code runs, then doesn't run after I add some routine code
In a circuit with a switch and a pull-down resistor, why does the high impedance of the input not discourage current from flowing into pin?
Arduino Fails to Read Thermocouple on External Power
Software Interrupts in Arduino or nodeMCU
How to connect Arduino Nano with ESP8266 and BMP180?
Program hangs when correcting CO2
MAX7219 7-segment 8-digit display in wrong order
3 AC current sensors using one Arduino Uno board measuring at 200Hz
ESP8266WiFi library severely slowed down my embedded system project
Servo motor activation with pressure sensor
Including Arduino library in a Makefile for Due
Why do GPS coordinates fail to save on MySQL database using SIM900?
Problem with my 2 motor system
Arduino analogWrite source code explanation
Adafruit RTC DS3231 Crashing Arduino Uno
Recording of sensor results but only retain the last 3 sets of data
Simple relay switching program crashes UNO
Arduino with sensor
Using millis(), in nested loops
Arduino external 5V power supply
Can I control two coreless DC motors using L293DD SMD IC?
Help! My motors are not working!
Warning when verifying sketch with VS code
No Information obtained when using 2 x SoftwareSerial ports on Arduino Nano
Breaking up for loop with ISR
How to optimise TX power for ESP8266?
Setting reading frequency SCT013 current sensor code using Arduino Uno
On start servos rotates to 180 degree
Serial.read(): Value changes to ASCII when I input from Serial Monitor
Burn Bootloader to Chinese Arduino 2560 with AVR ISP programmer
Decode VGA port by Arduino
Where is JP1 on the Arduino Uno?
Using Arduino or ESP8266 as a switch to turn on a 12V DC Fan
Arduino Micro + W5500 module from AliExpress
TimerOne.h library for nodeMCU
What's the problem with program , continously beeping buzzer
Description about arduino relay
Mixing analog reads with raw port reads
Can I use an Arduino Uno to support an RFID reader, Zigbee module and a touch screen at the same time?
How can i tell the power status of a GSM900
Where to remove an ADC bias?
Servo motors suddely stopped moving and a clicking sound can be heard
How many Infrared sensor modules can be added to a single Arduino (eg;Uno)
The sensors don't send correct data
Select from Custom Array without Repeat
Detect if a 3 phase AC submersible pump is on
multiple definition of local variable in linking
Arduino Leonardo keyboard
Power Arduino with 12V while using Serial Communication over USB
How do I know the size of the bootloader of ATtiny? Is it the same as ATMega328P?
Cannot start Arduino IDE after playing with several versions of it
Could someone explain this code that sets up the software serial port data rate?
Multiple random Fire2012 sequence in same strip
Pin change interrupt does not work properly to wake up arduino from sleep mode
Arduino Pong game Circuit Board Troubleshoot
Using an IR sensor from another manufacturer
Arduino Uno serial communication using USB-to-TTL converter
Stuck at initializing input capture
Arduino UNO vs NANO or MICRO with RPi3
Dataflash SPI Flash chip shared programming SPI pins
Getting current epoch time in seconds and milliseconds
Wiring a RT314F12 latch relay to an Arduino
Traffic lights: gpios against 5V or ground
Send Email through Cayenne serial connection
Storing byte array from serial and converting to a floating point number
Programing a Mini 05 without a USB-to-serial converter
Leonardo clone being recognized by Windows as a broken Linino One - wtf?
Reading 4 to 20ma pressure sensor using uno
4 digit 7-segment display
3-5v micro stepper connected to A4988 driver does not move and makes whirring noise
SD card fails to write when used with another SPI device
ADC pin shutting off on its own under certain condition
Arduino analog pins not working
Merging arduino code
ESP8266 Soft Access Point: Timeout of request of resource when not responded to in set undocumented time
Arduino IDE lost board connection
Is it possible to obtain %0.05 duty cycle at 1hz in arduino?(a 500us square pulse at 1 sec period)
Arduino Yún as ISP to program Attiny - why is the sketch not working after successful upload?
Arduino Serial Communication Between 2 Uno
How to Jump from one loop to another while executing
I2C requesting more then one byte
Sending data by nRF24L01 with Arduino
Help with arduino float
Need help with sending Arduino data to web page with ESP8266
Running Atmega1284P at 3.3 and 8Mhz
Incomplete serial string input
LEDs not working with tone() function
OTA programming port not shown
The Wire library and an ATTiny88 MCU
Deceleration time logger between frequencies
Can't activate Seeeduino port
How to connect Arduino with ESP8266-11 WiFi module to 000webhost (free webhosting)
Arduino simultaneous push button for a counter
Thingspeak Library returns 0 using ESP8266 on Arduino
Arduino receives HIGH when the button is LOW
Main loop delay behaviour with interupt
State Machine Logic problem with added states monitoring safety switches
Door sensors on every cabinet in the kitchen
ATtiny84A programming without shield
How do I know if I have a short circuit
stop running a certain function when sensor picks up something and return to where it stops?
WifiEsp client TIMEOUT when put on a loop
Relational Database for Arduino on SD card?
does EEPROM.write() only writes changed data?
Modify On board 4 pin switch to work with Arduino
AI A7 Thinker connection with Arduino
Simple GET request with ESP8266HTTPClient
Arduino code for thermistor respiratory monitor
Maintain delay with NEO-6M
Arduino current output
Arduino Pro Mini ATmega 328P: garbage output on serial console
MKR FOx 1200 doesn't upload Sketch
What device do I add in order to detect if my project is moved?
Bootloader atmel328P-PU Arduino
Unable to access SD Card when using GPS and MS5611 sensors
How does Arduino digital input pin measure its input voltage?
Keep RTC time in a loop
Arduinos using I2C reading integers wrong
How to leak function addresses?
Fluctuating readings of LM35 temperature sensor (+- 5°C) with Arduino UNO
Newcomer at Arduino
Modifying Print.h on a Mac
Is it possible to HTTP inside an ISR
NodeMCU access point for MQTT broker
Arduino self programming
Can any Arduino Due pin be used for PWM?
Wiring when burning the bootloader of esp8266
What is recommended color recognition sensor RGB for different cases?
Send HTTP request from Arduino Ethernet to server on PC
Need assistance decyphering agriculture systems control code created by absent team member
HTTP PUT method on NodeMCU
Equivalent to POSIX mmap() in AVR-libc
Arduino/ESP8266 to put PC to sleep and wake it up
Interrupt volatile variable doesn't work as expected
View Arduino M0 SD card content on a computer
Arduino Uno, ESP8266 HTTP request have no response
MFRC522 won't detect cards after the first loop
2.8" TFT display without D/C pin
Why Arduino Mega 2560 throw error when i try to upload example
Can the Leonardo Arduino be used as a USB HOST for CDC Com devices?
Problem in Serial Communication between nodeMCU and arduino
Arduino stop the loop
Arduino emits signal A (infrared) but another Arduino receives everything but A (IR-LED problem)
Sending and receiving data using 433 Mhz from Arduino to Arduino
HM-10 only works when holding button
Is the Arduino Due compatible with a Dual VNH5019 Motor Driver Shield?
Sensors go crazy on external power
Powering arduino sensors - what resistor should I use?
Is there a way to define an alias for a hardware Serial
Arduino with Figaro TGS sensor
My sketch is not working as intended
Arduino program to Blink L LED when input matches a set pattern
Minimum number of Pins to use for multiplexing LEDs
Display values from a function on GLCD
How to call 5 different functions in a loop based on serial input?
SendCommand(Key) function is not working properly using digitalWrite()
Help setting up Dust sensor with Arduino Mega
The exact time for functions or CPU cycles for any function
Powering 12V keypad through Arduino Uno
FIS1100 (IMU)/ I2C/ Arduino
Unable to receive and print SMS on the serial monitor with Arduino Uno and SIM900A
Using Multiple 4 Digit displays with the same pins
Using SPI and 2 shift registers WITHOUT libraries
Displaying 3 hex bytes sent to serial port on an OLED display
Error using nRF24L01+ with ATmega328P-PU. Works fine on Uno
Error compiling code for Arduino/Genuino Uno
ESP8266 (D1 mini) fails to upload sketches
R24 Incompatibility with TimerOne on Nano
Unable to receive and print sms on serial monitor arduino uno and SIM900A
External Flash Memory for ATtiny85
Arduino Serial Communication with Python: sending an array
Beetle ble with SD card reader
Error while creating file on sd card
ESP8266 - AP+STA mode not working properly
Low cost IR sensor based finger gesture recognition controlled wheelchair
add 0x to a byte
waking up arduino mini with a external signal
Interface Processing with Arduino to operate a servo by MouseX
ATmega8L power issue
Powering Arduino Pro Mini with different voltage, fuse setting
Sparkfun Spectrum Analyzer: Problems with frequency bands
Can I use the Arduino Uno's 3.3v pin while powered by a 9 volt battery?
Writing a new function: configMotor(speed, direction)
Arduino continuously reading ADC value using interrupt
How do I set a continuous servo to turn on until a switch is flicked?
How do I call functions sequentially without using the Delay function?
Why is this IIR Filter unstable on the Arduino Due?
expected initializer before 'void'
How to connect an Arduino and a WAMP server's MySQL database?
Physical safety: Prevent linear actuator from crushing my fingers
What is Clock pin and Data pin, Orientation in Grove LED bar
This is a flood sensor. Moisture sensor and servo working together but it shows different errors
Visual Studio for Arduino - Deep Search Issue
Wiring light sensor OPB704WZ to Arduino Due
Multitasking for music light sculpture
I need help setting up my Arduino Uno with the port
Arduino Due custom platform for school and library installation
floor( 1.0f ) bugged?
How does the microcontroller know which clock to use?
Can't upload arduino code on the board due to some programmer issues
How to reset an arduino while being able to know which button has been pressed?
What is a faster alternative to parseInt()?
Space needed for local String variable
Arduino Mega 2560 LED is dim when powered from digital output
Arduino pro mini not compiling after changing fuse to 128khz
How to keep a pin LOW for a small amount of time after pushing a button and while device is booting?
Limit to number of sensors attached to Arduino
Error declaring two-dimensional array: 'x' was not declared in this scope
Arduino industrial 101 digital pins
Can I control a cellphone's lcd (+touch screen)?
Can the Mouse library scroll horizontally?
Any Arduino device that records body data?
Problems connecting Adafruit Feather M0 to network
How to determine which pins_arduino.h file is used?
How to use IRremote library with atmega8a
Unable to compare two integer values in Arduino Mega
Arduino GY273 HMC5883L Constant Value
Pull EN pin of regulator to ground
Arduino Proto Threading Servos
Issue with length of string value
Connection of serial pin on ATMEGA328P to connector B type(female) D+ and D-
ATtiny85 MIDI IN using SoftwareSerial - Is it possible?
How to filter data of ultrasonic sensor using arduino
Hall effect sensor
Advice for lower power clock type project
My Arduino isn't showing up on my computer. What should I do?
Arduino PWM multiple RGB LEDs
Arduino Mega 2560 + BL-TB6560+ Stepper
Store 3-dimensional char array in program memory with PROGMEM
Which of the clock sources are actually internal to the ATmega328P?
Cannot get any readings from DHT22 Sensor connected to Arduino M0 Pro
PROGMEM on Arduino Due (ARM Cortex M3)
Confused between SPI and I2C for SSD1306 OLED
Wake up arduino mini with a external signal from a rf wake up receiver
The most efficient way to test whether a byte is "empty" (B0000000) or not?
Arduino only supports 140 LEDs
Is there any arduino microphone that can record heart sound?
Help with multi function momentary buttons
Interrupts not firing sometimes
What's the point of a USB to Serial converter in Arduino Uno?
Transmitting signal from a Photon Redboard to an Arduino Uno
Custom RFID and Bluetooth Module
How to send message from one embedded system to another embedded system like in cars, from one car to another?
Updating firmware on Adafruit Huzzah ESP8266
Max length of char arrays?
ESP8266 and Python Communication
Why can I measure two pins simultaneously?
Controlling two AC devices, device turning on incorrectly
How to pass 'Serial' as an input argument in Arduino function?
Arduino force feedback vibration gamepad
Reconnect to I2C with a different address (ATTiny85)
Arduino Uno to Arduino Uno Word.doc file transfer
Rfid is not working
Can an accelerometer be used to detect heart sound?
Auto Fish Feeder
Boil water inside a small container with an arduino
Switch on/off LED 24V using a MOSFET
Getting wrong value from Serial.read()
Change Arduino Clock Speed
8 x 8 led matrix module
Using Li-Poly battery to run UNO + Adafruit data logger
ESP8266 Websocket issue
Set clockspeed of Arduino Pro Micro a. k. a. AtMega32u4
Arduino Mega 2560 not recognized/overloaded
Arrays, and for loops... faster to use together, or not to use?
How do I combine a variable and characters into a string with Arduino?
Using typedef to declare a buffer type which then to pass by reference as function argument
Trying to determine the phase difference between two square signals
Use mobile charger as power suppy to ESP8266 wifi module with 3.3v converter
Why char 0x80 == 0xFFFFFF80?
Analog input draws current when Arduino is turned off
I fried my arduino. Can I upload code wirelessly?
Does 12v 5A power supply is okay to operate motor shield external power
Arduino Digital Pins Control with ESP8266
3-speed DC fan control with Uno
ATtiny85 MIDI IN with less than 3V -can it be done?
RESET and RESUME case in Arduino mega 2560 code (PUSHBUTTON AS INTERRUPT)
5 * tm1637 displaying different school bells timings
Will 5V to input pin damage the Arduino board?
Serial uart communication issues
Arduino relay power supply question
Porting code from Arduino IDE to other IDEs - expected code size reduction
How can configuration values be stored on an ESP8266?
Arduino: Camera streaming
Arduino Due's clock frequency
Trying to connect a 1.3" IIC OLED display to an Arduino M0 board (not Uno)
Attiny85 output voltage is too low
Trouble in acquiring NEO6M GPS data through S-Function builder at Matlab simulink using Arduino libraries
Where is random defined with no arguments?
Const data optimisation for Arduino
Problem with simple coding for PLDuino: trying to turn relay on and off
can arduino on output mode sink current?
How to use arduino IDE to compile .s files
Sensing data through wifi
Arduino IDE not compile .S program to board
Voltage divider for 6 non intrusive current sensors
Can't flash ESP8266-01 with Sparkfun FTDI basic - wrong direction/command
Error when trying flash bootloader into Arduino Pro Mini 328P 8MHz 3.3V
Controlling a stepper with MATLAB
Arduino UNO dead with CNC shield
Arduino millis() fuction execution problem
Splitting Integers
Arduino & RPi communication via GPIO
Does old/low charge battery affects internal clock?
Non intrusive current sensor with unreliable (strange) readings
How to calculate step delay?
How to correctly use functions that return pointers to multiple typedef'ed types in Arduino IDE?
Send events to Azure IoT Hub combined with deep sleep mode
Arduino due temperature reading shows random temperatures
Smart way to map digital pins to a for loop over analogue pins
Whats wrong with my code?
L and ON keeps blinking
How to refine ultrasonic readings
NodeMCU and expected ';' before wrong ' " '
how to break out servo.write(angle) after it reach the angle?
unable to find string literal operator 'operator"" stylesheet'
Set EEPROM to initial values when flashing ESP8266
Arduino classes, can't get property value
How do I connect a temperature and heartbeat sensor to an Arduino Uno?
SIM800L starts sending garbage values to Arduino after random interval
SparkFun ESP8266 find out when on battery power and when charging
Temperature Sensor not giving proper values
Arduino not adding decimals correctly on double variable
Broken serial connection corrupting Arduino values
Emergency stop button for arduino mega code and circuit attached
Atmega328p ISP won't work
Turning a motor on and a led at the same time for a given time period
Arduino an sparkfun microled problem
Clamping 9-volt input to 8-volt?
Digital Inputs have gone crazy
How do I send tweets with flame sensor and ESP8266?
Arduino Nano problems with ESP8266
esp8266 not defined in scope while using in class
Arduino uno with microled library; draw shaped
Sending serial data in an interrupt
Using a button to toggle an LED ON/OFF
Is it possible to query (or otherwise detect) if Arduino is connected to 60 NeoPixel strip vs 144 strip?
Infra Red sketch "not declared in this scope"
MQTT (was WiFi) interference when using two nodeMCU devices
Stepper motor just oscillates with arduino and L293D
Need help to find code error to send AT command response in sms
After burning bootloader, Windows 10 doesn't recognize the USB device
Counting number of people inside a room
Delay() is not working outside of interrupt
How to power up this LCD 7 segments display
Setting a default arduino program in NodeMCU
Make 3 servos move like a wave
Is there a way to update Arduino uno Over The Air
Interference in readings
Having trouble with 74HC595 and Uno
Arduino Leonardo as keyboard installs driver
What values are the Atmel MCUs EEPROMs preloaded with?
Unstable ESP8266 - flickering lights
Arduino UNO Intro to Engineering Project
NFC/RFID module multiple cards
Threshold to wake up signal
Arduino IDE compiles, UECIDE not
Arduino Nano, ESP8266-01 communication
I2C Packet ocasionally send a garbage data
Voice recognition without module, is it possible?
FastLED: "Invalid pin specified"
'DynamicJsonBuffer' was not declared in this scope
Why does an Arduino Uno have 2 microcontrollers
Why does the Leonardo take 8 seconds to restart?
Arduino Micro Interrupt
On/off button for Arduino Mega for 5V input pin- hardware based auto on/off arduino(PUSHBUTTON NOT AS INTERRUPT)
ESP8266-07 no work after reboot
Combining mysensors with SD card (on an Ethernet Shield v2)
Solenoid flyback, relayboard switch
How to get a character from a serial Parsed http response?
motor hard stop vs coasting
Please help explain the meaning of '\n' and '0';
How to flash pre-compiled bin files into NodeMCU using Ardunio IDE
#Ardunio Send Float values with bluetooth.print in arduino
Stray\342 inprogram
Using RTC DS3231 + Arduino UNO to calculate time lapsed
How to enable interrupt again after disabling it?
Why do I have to open Serial Monitor to display what is in loop function?
How can I make a rotary encoder change between neopixel programs?
Arduino Sketch: NodeMCU compilation error
JSN-SR04T-2.0 with NodeMCU not starts after reset or reconnect usb power
Lightweight PWM Servo range modification
Fast switching of high load using an IGBT
Can't upload to arduino from clion
Reducing Memory Usage lots of Floats
How to change IIC (I2C) clock rate on MKR1000
Why it's not possible to manipulate the TWSR directly?
Strange Output from DS1307 RTC
Arduino Timer 0 in fast PWM mode and micros()
Arduino Serial data communication with NodeJS
Programming standalone 328P in circuit
Integer array definitions: Length
Arduino IDE: Board nodemcuv2 (platform esp8266, package esp8266) is unknown
How to use a coma as the decimal separator?
ESP8266 wifi mesh
How to import my own library or file?
How to show the º character in a LCD?
Controlling JX PDI-6221MG Digital Servo with Arduino
Arduino Uno board works but Arduino Uno + Wifi is not being detected
Calculate power requirement for 64 rgb led ws2812b
Is it possible to power up Arduino upon serial transmission without dropping data?
Arduino Nano PWM frequency
Automatic seeder
Control LED strip IR controller using Arduino
Arduino I2C communication between Raspberry Pi
Can't connect to Arduino Uno + Wifi webpage
I am having trouble with fading two LEDs
4-20 milliamp to volts to pressure maths
Unable to turn off SRAM 23LC1024 connected to Arduino
Arduino GSM shield code help
Why using static volatile for variables and only static for arrays in TWI library?
How can I change the speed of a stepper motor?
How do I create global pointers with low memory overhead?
I put some defines into a .h file, and get errors
Save data from an LCD KeyPad Shield to an sd card
CH340 3.3v stability
'TCCR0B' undeclared
Arduino SPI and I2C Combo
Error with pointer in array
How to only detect the opening and closing of door sensor once
Can I change Arduino program on-the-fly?
Speed measurement from lidar sensor for automatic braking system
Use an L293D with Arduino
Strings from serial are not equal
checking if user is opening root entry point of the IP address on esp8266 webserver
Arduino GSM module + SMS string sending garbage value
How to pass JsonObject from ArduinoJson to ESP8266WebServer object?
Arduino : LCD / POT
I have multiple components that are lagging
Hall effect sensor and water sensor
How can I have 2 differents frequency on the 2 DAC outputs on an Arduino Due?
No data in text file
Yellow LED got burned, green LED didn't
Arduino Uno + MSD-11-EM stepdriver + NEMA 17
How to do single line communication?
How can I use PWM in power saving mode (ATmega328)?
connecting 4 wire camera to esp8266
Did I fry my Uno? Computer is no longer detecting the board
Linux IDE 1.0.6 & Nano: Problem with if statement
Feather MO: How would I change my code to have my txt file data be in columns rather than be staggered?
Is it possible to read-write the memory of a Gikfun ISD1820 voice recording module?
Is this a fake pulse sensor?
Change the baud rate of HC-05
Arduino nano and wemos sd shield
Detecting step motor effort
Arduino Nano Stops Working after Soldering
interrupt not triggered correctly
Random(0,2) gives bad results
Getting boot mode 1.6 error
Communicating between ESP and Atmega on Arduino Uno + Wifi
Arduino - Ultrasonic Sensor for use instead of analog potentiometer for proximity control
Problem with PWM function on RGB LED and IR
How will Arduino sketch and Android app communicate over GPS?
Xbee shield to shield connection sends but not receives correctly
ATTiny85 Serial communication with Bluetooth Module
SIM800L not registering to network
Trying to create a beats per minute monitor but having diffuctly with the coding? coding wont print any values
Storage usage of methods compared to copied code
How to read data from client ESP8266-01?
Reset Arduino Uno R3
Conversion between boolean and int went wrong
Arduino MKR1000 and DHT11 not giving correct output for temperature and humidity
Programming Arduino with FTDI via Tx and Rx pins
Button with switch timer and reset time function + LED feedback. What am I doing wrong?
Not long tweets published using ESP8266-01 with Arduino UNO
HTTPS with ESP8266WebServer?
Is there complex application examples out there that can be considered best practice material?
Communication with socketserver fails after specific number of packets
Stuck in While loop when case is activated. Arduino
Problem with a DHT11 Temperature & Humidity sensor
"avr/io.h: No such file or directory" while compiling for board Generic STM32F103C series
Pro Micro HID freezes during computer boot or resume from standby
Built-in LED turns on when I touch the input port
Is it right to connect Serial module directly?
How to drive a stepper motor, by having it go even steps forward and odd steps back?
Use of a logic level converter with Arduino Due PWM
ESP8266 vs. iPhone Hotspot
How to rotate 3 servo motors when 6 led lights are lit using EMG signals
Download and print data from Thingspeak
Strange issue with FHT library for sound-reactive LED project
Arduino JSON extract using ArduinoJSON Library
Calling I2C functions inside an ISR
OV7670 Camera Module - wrong pins?
Arduino IDE fails on Fedora with arduino-builder error "Parameter 'tools' is mandatory"
U8glib funny problem
Arduino Nano + RC522 + w5500 Ethernet Module
Arduino and MatLab with OWI Robotic Arm Edge -- Issue with I2C
MySensors GatewaySerial code not compiling
EEPROM and ESP8266
Nested for loop used to evaluate a two dimensional array of integers
Timer interrupt library for new Arduino based on MCU SAMD21
Loop one specific case inside of a switch
Pointers, libraries, and arrays:
A clarification needed about the HC-05
ESP8266 only executes Sketch after switching on/off CH_PD pin
Can I use a 3.3v GPIO to control an opto-isolated 5v relay board?
Bootloader fails when two Arduinos are connected over serial port
Arduino FM transmitter
Lighted geofenced dog collar project help needed
Why is my DHT22 sensor reading 1.00% humidity?
How do I stop a servo motor at the current position when using a serial port? I want it to remain in one position when receiving "0"
3.3 V Pro Micro clones flashing LEDs after 1200 bit/s touch
How to connect Arduino 5v pin with multiple things?
Uploading Lua code to Arduino
Make one Arduino fire interrupt on another
Timer1 firing immediately
I change ESP8266 baudrate and now it doesn't work
Parsing sd card file to polymorphic objects
Getting wrong values from serial.read() connected to a Raspberry Pi
Concave button wiring with Arduino
Reading from a pin Arduino Uno (assembly)
How to reduce sketch size?
Garbled high bits on serial output
Receiving incomplete HTTP request
Arduino IDE documentation for WiFi.connected()
HC-05 Bluetooth module doesn't read data correctly from my Android phone
What do the pins on this KS0107+KS0108 display do?
How to identify a person inside a house using arduino
Arduino Yun not showing anything on the serial monitor
How to get ESP8266 firmware version?
Serial.print / sprintf causes program crash
MAX7219 library that can compensate for poorly designed/miswired 8x32 panel?
Arduino int problem
Global variable won't update inside void loop arduino
HC-05 receives only first few bytes
Gas Sensor output voltage to concentration
How to send signal ONCE when within constant range of sensor?
ESP01 + Arduino UNO
delay(time); vs if(millis()-previous>time); and drift
Combing two codes to make it work on the same time but not affecting the other code?
Error: `nullptr` was not declared in this scope. Arduino IDE
Engraving machine with arduino
Help: Using if-else on two switch state
Tinyduino I/O line voltage level
Can I change Vcc to some other pin?
Compiling SRAM intensive code from Raspberry Pi 3
Where is CLKPR located on Ubuntu 16.04 with Arduino 1.8.3
How to add prefactor to clock frequency at compile time?
MAX31855 giving NaN after some readings
My Arduino freezes if power removed from the HMI
Making a menu through serial
Servo start to turn like madman with simple if statement
I keep getting stray '/302'.
Read float and long from external EEPROM chip
Add id to raw data in an array
Can I use a ThunderBorg is a dual motor controller on an Arduino UNO R3
: Failed to open /dev/ttyACM0 (port busy)
Which input pins can I use on the ESP8266 NodeMCU
Trying to read from AD5934 using Arduino on I2C
Receiving hex data from terminal
How to Time the Arduino using RTC that I can operate the valves at 7am, 12pm, and 4 am?
Connecting my Arduino with Bluetooth
How to fix the Break Beam Sensor programming issue that says "USB Device Disabled"?
How do I write a program that turns on both on board LEDS ONLY when BOTH switches are ON
ESP8266 cannot connect to an existing network after using AT command
Which voltage should I use with a component that allows between 3v and 5.5v?
Can't get call / message from A7 gsm+gprs+gps module
Difference between ISR and other functions in AVR twi library
Multiple devices on SPI
Programming 5 inch TFT Display + Arduino Mega with Touch Shield (w/SSD1963)
Transmit IR-Signal A, Receive IR-Signal B
Arduino Yun with PoE does not work when powered via PoE
Are pins 0 and 1 (Rx and Tx) parallel with the USB jack? Can I connect another USB jack th 0 and 1 and use it to upload sketches?
Should I use an accelerometer or gyroscope in my project?
Looking for link to Double Pole Single Throw (DPST) relay for Arduino
Transmit data to long distance (120m)
External ADC reference when using MATLAB support package for Arduino
How the output of a bicycle dynamo can be displayed using Arduino?
OBOE: Need help understanding, possible type conversion issue
When Raspberry Pi is preferred over Arduino
Arduino uno and ESP8266
Problem opening multiple text files simultaneously/in-order using <SD.h>
Serial Port Issues Elegoo Mac OX High Sierra
Creating String Arrays and passing each index value to a variable after a given period
Arduino Nano timer, please advice
Why these specific voltage divider resisters needed for Arduino Uno RX TX pins?
Adafruit 128x64 OLED not turning on
Locking ATmega328 from reading back the hex file
Stop Buzzer after some seconds/time?
Checksum is wrong - Air Quality Monitoring Station PMS5003, BME280 | Code review
Will a genuine Arduino board have the same issues with High Sierra as other non genuine ones?
Arduino Servo with Serial
Why would anyone use Arduino in 2017?
Does a Sparkfun Redboard Arduino Uno have built-in RTC?
Create PWM pulses by comparing the cosine wave with AnalogRead potenciometer
AT Commands HM10 BLE Module - Not working
Using ESP8266 without separately programming
16x2 LCD showing blocks under text
Programmer only uploading with its own power source
Accesing the USART registers by Arduino
Problem communicating between arduino UNO R3 and Mega 2560 via MAX485
How to identify RGBW LED pins?
Serial monitor in Arduino IDE for RobotDyn ESP8266-Pro via CP2102
WS2811 LEDs have the wrong color unless I touch the data wire
Do I have to wire up my WS2812 LED strip in "series", if I want to address each LED individually?
avrdude flash issues
Moving a character around an LCD screen - is there a better way?
Connecting multiple component's VCC wires to one Arduino UNO R3 5V Pin
How to connect RFID Module to Arduino UNO
Arduino Uno Keeps Resetting (Power issue)
understanding timer overflow detection code
5v input on ATmega328p running on 3.3v
Connect a sensor to Arduino without knowing much info about the sensor
How can I modify Arduino code to work with ATtiny85?
Can I improve this code (replacing delays with something else)?
How to use an Arduino to measure speed of rocket
Adafruit FT6206 controller won't start after unrelated code changes
Can I have more than 1 pin "activated" at the same time?
Connect optocoupler 4N35 to Arduino Uno to control LED light strips
The code is showing a error that "ledpin2 is not declared in the scope"
Need to "Extend" a Arduino Digital Signal
Is there a stepper dirver array for nema 17 and 14 at least with 6 drivers?
Getting my keypad to reset when wrong password is entered
Arduino not working on external power supply
Remove hanging PS3 input via bluetooth to arduino
Use ESP32 as a secure socket
How to set PID parameter Kp, Ki and Kd?
Lowest voltage applicable on AREF pin on Uno and Mega
Adafruit Huzzah and SD card breakout
easy_install pip on Arduino Yun fails
I2C LCD Serial Interface Board not displaying text
Can this work as a waterproofing method?
Arduino Nano and SIM800L on Battery Power
What Ohm Termination Resistor is needed for this schema ? What, Where and How?
Analog Read gives Erratic behaviour in Struct
Sending Multiple Information from BNO055 IMU to BridgeClient on Yun
Arduino Mega 2560 serial port location
How to store incoming serial data to char array in order to send to other module (XBee)?
Problem : Trigger limit switch to stop DC motor
Store RAM and PROGMEM strings in one variable
Less hardware dependent development?
How to save a float variable to the eeprom
Serial Monitor and UART
Overheating Shift-Register(74HC595)
Error using Adafruit Feather M0
Problem using ICSC (by majenkotech) in RS485 bus
Does not name a type error
cheap long lasting options for battery?
what is arduino adc reference?
ESP-01 not running custom firmware
boolean always false after 32 seconds
Additional Digital Input Pins
Save a fingerprint to the database of the fingerprint sensor
Possibility to program the ATmega32u4 on the Arduino Yun using a configuration file
Regarding SD card writing
Measuring Time while using interrupt pin
How to control a DC Motor with absolute encoder using Arduino and Motor Driver?
Rubik Cube Solver (Program Help!)
Connecting two analog multiplexers (CD4051b)
Is this a good function for I2C receive?
Disable auto-reset Mega 2560 on serial monitor open using 60 ohm resistor
How to uniquely identify NodeMCUv2 board?
How do I import data from serial monitor to excel document without copying and pasting?
What is FaryLink? [Access Point]
I can't control my DC motors speed with analogWrite()
Not clear code procedure in Arduino wire library
Project structure to build for PC and Arduino
someVariable = { somethingThatLooksLikeAFunction }; possible?
How to get Velocity and Displacement from IMU sensor?
How to produce 6 PWM signals with 60 degrees phase shift?
Code is not working (Matrix keypad)
Using signal strength feature of nRF24L01 module
Serial Monitor not properly interpreting data from my NodeMCU V3
My arrays are possibly causing the program to not enter loop?
Arduino Yun connection problems
For loop not running
Is my Arduino Micro bricked?
Are lambdas a good way to improve readability in this instance?
SPI Temperature sensor interface with Arduino Uno
Using 5V microphone module with Wemos D1 Mini Pro 3.3V analog pin
Arduino LED flashes with one button press
ATTiny85 Digispark clones failing USB handshake - how to program them?
GUI interface with microcontroller to control a device through SPI
Using a keypad to play an audio file on Arduino Mega and Adafruit VS1053?
Measuring frequency of 3-wire 12V fan on Arduino Uno
Reading input from digital pins 36, 37, 38 in Arduino Mega 2560 is giving a problem
Multiple I2C devices on Arduino
How can I write an integer to a Mifare RFID card using the RFID library?
Faulty self-made motor controller
Can I code in Arduino depending up on LED status?
Arduino Code hang
Can 2 or more LED strobe Lights Flash in Sync?
16*2 1602A LCD not displaying any character or contrast, although correct wiring
Using a Micro SD card for data logging, bad idea? Reliable?
Lost AT+ commands on ESP8266 after flashing with "blink" sketch
Receive data using ESP8266
ESP8266 returning 400 bad request
Arduino parsing JSON
How does Arduino UNO deal with bit shifting?
Using Visual Studio Code with Arduino
digitalRead keeps giving 1
ESP8266 Missing data from Serial
Does analogueRead() change the way a number is represented etc?
NodeMCU v1 keeps dropping out
Solution for two software serials
DHT11 Sensor Code Fatal Error
RFID + LCD + Arduino Mega 2560 = RFID not printing correctly
Attempts with Sainsmart Motor Shield Not Working
Consequences of dynamically changing input/output configurations of digital pin?
Sending a string from RPi to Arduino - Working Code
Change the sequence of LEDs with button press
How to call an interrupt when any one of the 12 defined digital inputs go high?
Can we use analog input pins as a parameter of analogWrite() for PWM?
Read analog signal over the SPI bus using MCP3201 ADC and Arduino Uno
Need to control 2 DC motors powered using arduino mini and l298n from about range of 100m
Peltier not driven - Arduino-PID-AutoTune-Library
How to read ASCII values from AT24C32 IC using Arduino? And what is serial.begin(?) in that EEPROM?
How to read Serial data when multiple functions are Running?
Fill an Array with Values
Drive graphics on iphone using headphone jack
Battery life with Nano v3
Can we use serial.begin command anywhere in code?
ATtiny85 and MPU-6050 Gyroscope
How to connect an Arduino via an ethernet cable to a laptop directly?
LSM9DS1: Inconsistent data from an accelerometer
How to start particular event for particular time using millis()?
Error while uploading code with Arduino on breadboard using FTDI 232
HM-10 send and receive data and checking received value
How to switch a low-voltage (1.5V) toy motor with an arduino?
How to make a smooth serial print?
AT response clean-up
Need help on the "expected primary expression before "}" token"
ESP8266 odd HTTP GET request
how to check 24c32 eprom is connected or not to arduino runtime?
Problem uploading the code into an Arduino Uno
How to control 6 servo motors with an Arduino Mega board?
Need help with nRF24L01 and Arduino decoding and receiving
WiFi module ESP8266-01 for Arduino not working
Will Arduino Mega support stepper motor NEMA 24, NEMA 34
How to fade an LED in response to a sensor?
ATMega328 to Arduino Mega Serial Communication
Clion Arduino plugin: Error:Could not find Arduino SDK (set ARDUINO_SDK_PATH)
Object Sensor on conveyor belt (want to record the data in EEPROM for testing)
What options do I have to get 5v on my current project?
Can't stop my variable value at zero?
Digispark ATtiny85 keyboard
Uploading code to Mega 2560 is stuck
Why is my DS18B20-PAR not picked up?
Using a pushbutton to power Arduino on and off
Convert String data To char Array in Arduino
Weird Voltage Noise
Alternative to UART/I2C LCD displays?
Parse JSON data from String
How to post JSON data from Arduino?
LED Programme where it delays the amount written in the Serial Monitor
How to prevent optocoupler to activate when resetting the arduino?
Arduino hardwareSerial Bluetooth.println not sending string over 310 chars
rev id and read_rev_id() function
Unable to use Keyboard library with Arduino UNO even after changing the firmware
Make Arduino send and receive at the same time
Send and receive text between Arduino Mega 2560 and C# via ENC28J60
SSID was not declared in this scope
ledkeypad shield not responsive
Arduino UNO - analogRead() returning mixed results
Arduino extended database library data type. Is char str[] in Arduino the equivalent of VARCHAR in SQL?
ENC28J60 is not getting ping
Code that worked in Uno/Nano is not working in Mega - help me port the code to Mega
Finding ESP8266 in a network
LED Blinking Using Push button
EEPROM - Arduino
Arduino HTTP Post request
Detecting the presence of a specific smartphone
Supervised inputs for alarm panel
Can I measure multiple photoresistors from one pin?
How to loop a specific tone?
Arduino uno PWM CTC mode - strange behaviour on interrupt
WEMOS: How to install it?
Arduino Uno: Driving a small LED strip with 2N3904 NPN
How to store values from a sensor inside an empty array?
Pause running program using a pushbutton
Cannot upload to otherwise working bootloaded ATmega328P via RS232: "programmer is not responding"
Multiple Slaves(Arduino Mega 2560) response over SPI
Alternative of relay
Pass a char array to a function that uses File as parameter
Unclear GET request mixed values
RF receiver for integer only, how to cast uint8_t to int?
Arduino Due not executing code after power on
Where is the definition of system_adc_read() in the esp8266 Arduino code?
Uno r3 - Can't get USB Keyboards to work with an USB Host Shield
A function-definition is not allowed here before '{' token
Is my HC-SR04 sensor broken?
Arduino Uno versus Arduino Nano power consumption
Why is my servo spinning over 360 degrees?
Getting error ets jan 8 2013,rst cause:4,boot mode(1,6) wdt reset
Controlled power-down for automotive application
How to send MFRC522 data to a C# app using a NodeMCU TCP server?
Detecting if a push button was pressed and released
Purpose of USB (FTDI) and ICSP connectors
Is there GUI to flash a sketch with new variables?
Connecting multiple clients to a server in Wifi
prgramming arduino led on then off
Multiple delays
Accessing digital pins from the Atmega 16u2 on the Uno
Group of constants
Unable to upload sketches to Sparkfun Redboard
RxCpp on Arduino?
Can I control Arduino functions via PWM?
Need to set a FAILSAFE in an if else loop
LED fade class strobes for unknown reason
Problem communicating with ENC28J60
Low-power detect rise and fall of input signal
Programming with Atmel ICE from Arduino IDE unbearably slow
4-digit 7-segment display resets when common pin set to HIGH
Using millis() to toggle an LED every 500 milliseconds
for loop running infinitely
Motor driver not able to drive motor in reverse direction
Are there documented Arduino class or file name restrictions?
DAC using Arduino Leonardo
Conditional randomization gets stuck
Very Basic Arduino Uno Serial.readString() operation
Arduino keypad and RF 433MHz transmitter problem
Arduino reads hc-05 device connecting status
How to make a button work a second time in my code?
Basic Arduino Question. Trying to turn off leds turned on through the serial monitor by using a push button
ATMega328p (Arduino) Timer1 set-up
Why does void loop() stop after some samples?
What's the difference between DDRB and pinMode?
Serial communication between multiple devices (or Arduinos)
How to connect dual brushless motors to arduino
Converting (char*)variable to int
I2C libraries for ATTiny85?
Parsing serial port data
Why doesn't millis() use 1 µsec or 1 msec interrupt?
MPU6050 accelerometer giving output as -1 -1. Can anyone tell the issue in the code?
Function, struct or class?
ESP8266 send number in IP address
Using a 12V DC adapter to power Arduino nano, 12v Solenoid and an Hygrometer
"Stand-alone" serial monitor
Unable to read data with 16 serial clock cycles
Unable to upload the data on thingspeak using uno and esp8266
Arduino Uno "if" statement is ignored in code and halts execution when using Serial.ReadString()
Is there a way to put multiple integers in a method?
detachInterrupt(0) in arduino not working ? after giving continuous ground to INT0 wakeupnow function should execute once not again and again
User interface solutions
How to generate hardware interrupt in mpu6050 to wakeup arduino from SLEEP_MODE_PWR_DOWN mode?
ESP8266 networking
How to get the firmware (hex) file from a .ino file containing the code
Ultrasonic sensor not getting reading while connecting to ESP8266
Controlling an LED using SIM900A and Arduino
Arduino status of bit
Typing into ESP8266 with a USB keyboard
How to recover an I2C bus when SDA is stuck low? Edit: SDA line stuck high
Arduino library creation - Calling library and Merging
What is wrong with my state machines?
Can't fetch data from server using arduino and esp8266
Platform-independent functions for FastPWM?
Reading SMS using Arduino Uno and SIM800L and print on LCD (16x2 alphanumeric) using serial connection NEED HELP
How can I light one led from two different sensors?
How to communicate with ESP8266 ESP01 by sending data through softwareserial on Arduino Uno?
How to solve the white blocks on LCD keypad display?
Hardware Serial connection for Arduino Mega 2560 NEO GY-GPSMV2 GPS module
Can't see second Arduino port on Ubuntu
Programmer is not responding after touching Arduino with Unix tools
I'm trying to display the numbers 0-99 by multiplexing to two 7 segment displays. One number does not display
4-wire shielded cable for I2C and power
Creating an ohmmeter that can safely measure the resistance of a finger
How to connnect Arduino to Wemos D1 (send data)?
Connect ESP-01 to USB Uart
Help connecting ILI9341 LCD SPI Display to arduino uno
DIY printer + Arduino. Can I use the position sensor? Multithreading?
Arduino Analog Input: why the weird fluctuation?
Is it possible to increase the voltage on 3.3v output to 5v on an ESP board to power a DC motor?
Serial.parseInt value always goes back to 0
Powering Arduino from 7805 voltage regulator
How can I loop for a set amount of time when a condition is met?
Interfacing Aduino Nano and RDM8800
SendCommand() syntax with Arduino
softwareserial between arduino uno and esp8266
Measure an AA battery?
Arduino ISR timing question
PWM output while using I2C with the ATTiny library
Reading and comparing data from Arduino Uno EEPROM
Sending hex data serially and receive it back
Infinite Loop on Pin Input (Teensy 3.1)?
NeoPixel library performance: Adafruit vs. FastLED
Can't burn bootloader through Arduino Nano clone ISP to atmega328p
Getting stable measurements with the BNO055 IMU
Writing data to a specific address in EEPROM
How to input text from Serial monitor into a character array?
No ttyACM0 nor ttyUSB0
How do I control the buttons on an Arduino LCD keypad shield?
Manually added boards doesn't work in 1.8.5…?
Can I power ESP8266 with more than 3.5 V?
Wemos: 16x2 display doesn't show anything
Char* and string conversion from an ESP8266 web server
Problem in AT+CIPSEND(CTRL-Z) GPRS GMS A6
ISR vs state change detection on button
Burn bootloader to Arduino Uno using ARM-USB-OCD
Always 255-response in I2C between ATTiny85 (8MHz) and Arduino Uno
List of sketches disappears off the bottom of my screen
SoftwareSerial + Serial.printlen() not working properly
ESP8266: system_adc_read_fast() always give 1024 as output
Reading Ground/Open signal wire combonations to power specific LED's - Can it be done?
Problem with PCB running an Arduino program to manage a GY-521 MPU6050 accelerometer
using pull-up resistors with A-star 32u4 on putput pins?
ESP8266 on WiFi without password, possible?
Errors trying to set fuses on bare Atmega328p
Arduino Voltage Divider
#include<ESP8266WiFi.h> showing error message
Is there any way for one Arduino board to communicate with multiple sensors?
How does one get the correct serial port?
Is output pin set to LOW grounded
Using servos in voltage sensitive circuit
Problem communicating between Uno's with nRF24L01 modules
http request in time intervals
DAC to play audio samples
Problems recycling c++ lib with templated class for Arduino
Battery life calculation using Nano, NRF24L01+ and window magnetic reed switch
FastLED + structs + PROGMEM strange behavior
SKETCH quits working after unplugging from computer
ESP8266 SPIFFS file not found
Undefined reference to stdlib (strtof) while compiling
Lifecycle hook in Arduino to know if Arduino is reset or powered down
Can I get the current connection speed with ESP8266?
ESP8266 ADC read analog
Code for determining beats per min when timing a wooden clock
How do I create a constant loop with an event that only occurs once?
get request with ENC28J60 Ethernet module
VisualMicro Can't compile in debug ('Serial' was not declared in this scope) for attiny84a
Input 4-digit number using 4*4 keypad and show in serial monitor
ATmega 2560 with Arduino bootloader running issue
L298 module - unusual power specs
Vcc measurement with internal 1.1V reference fails on 3.3V powered Atmega328
Arduino connection with Arduino
"Soft WDT reset" stack error: RFID-RC522 with NodeMCU
Using malloc() and free() for a stack/linkedlist
Use of array in case statement
Meaning of part number suffix on top of atmega2560 chip
Connecting six stepper motors to Arduino Uno
Portal gun sound effects and lights
This logic level converter does not want to work
Arduino Nano wih mfrc522 warning error
Ethernet shield compatibility
How to create a log file document which is not editable by a word processor on SD card
PROGMEM doesn't cause Sketch size to change
Confusion with Serial Communication
Integer looping in EEPROM Read
Help with Serial.print()
Why is my keypad requiring a double-click only on the first row to register?
Emergency Vehicle - Make two LEDs flash with buttons and a passive buzzer change sound
Segmentation fault at Serial.begin()
How to add additional sensors [Arduino]
Multiple LED on arduino
Combining codes for 3 sensors
ESP8266 disconnects after few hours
Store values in array
How to find how much data in the transmit buffer?
ESP8266 PHP Web Server
Why Ethernet webclient fails to initiate?
ESP8266WiFi client.print() strange response
Arduino + SIM808 HTTP GET POST headers
Adafruit ESP32 device working on OSX 10.13 but not on OSX 10.11 on older machine
(Neopixels) How to keep the pixels of the same colour despite increasing brightness?
Log vs linear pots and the arduino
Confusion with two Serial.begin() function calls
Submit data from HTML form to ESP8266
Arduino doesn't boot unless I short USB pin 1-2 (VCC/Data -)
variable doesnt have a type name
Loop being restarted before it finishes?
Extending EEPROM life
Wake up ESP8266 with multiple GPIOs
Sharing serial Rx to read a push button on ESP8266-01
Templated class: How to create instance and work with it?
Arduino Uno and Arduino Yun software. Which version of the IDE works with both best?
Bluesmirf Mate Silver (RN-42) enter command mode when in HID mode
How to send string over bluetooth LE from Arduino
Output works on UNO Pin 13, but not on 2?
Creating a simple menu for Arduino LCD button shield
espcomm_sync failed when connecting ESP8266 (ESP-01)
Using millis() to time the start / stop of a DC motor
Time remaining with os_timer_t
Why is GsmScanNetworks not working?
How can I find the time taken while a function is being called?
Detect current in car handbrake circuit
Master / Slave communication
What does drawmenu() mean
Put integer and double into char array
How well will the Arduino Uno survive in a vacuum?
Temperature control using a DHT11
Rfid reader and SD card shield won't work together
How fast an Arduino mouse would be?
Having trouble passing data through RF24
How to properly construct objects on ATmega2056?
Buffer reverse to string
Reading Arduino Serial Input
Light Powered Motor Troubles
Why the program keeps applying what is in loop in first case and stops in the second one?
EDB. Is it possible to create multiple tables with db.create()?
Using Arduino Uno as USB to serial converter
Why can't my IF statement see a global?
Issue programming breadboarded Arduino via FTDI chip
U8glib Code Help - Simple text display with new line
HC-05 bridge using Arduino Nano and GNU Screen
strcmp() returns 0 when chars are different
Purposely create compile error to fail the upload
Running multiple programs with one Arduino
Joysitck with servo, LED array and buzzer
Drive a 12V pump do I need a l293 driver
Arduino Interrupts Classes and Namespace
Nano v3 dual power source use & detection
Will avrdude overwrite the bootloader on my Nano?
How do I create boundaries for the possible values of an integer?
Starting With An Arduino Uno
How do I connect my Ublox neo 6M GPS Module with arduino mega 2560?
When i press a button to subtract 1 from 5 it skips to 3
Using timer2's ISR instead of timer1's in Arduino wiring.c breaks Serial object
Assign string to an array value
Do Arduino Megas Burn Out?
Trouble with Arduino -> PSOC4 communications over I2C! (Multi master/ slave config)
Cannot convert Serial String into char
running a dc motor with a small L298N module and an arduino and the L298N library
Not able to control digital pins using commands sent via HC-05 module
Send an multidimensional array of values from one arduino to another through serial port
Arduino TimerOne breaks the program when calling "digitalRead"
I2C communication between Attiny85 as master and arduino UNO as slave
How do i run multiple functions simultaneously on a LCD screen?
The code fails to generate the values I want, when both trigger pins 2, 3 are high or low. Why?
ESP8266ex does not hold written EEPROM data, what could be wrong?
How can Arduino's 8 bit Microcontrollers handle C++
arduino --verify / --upload not working (command line)
avrdude: stk500_recv(): programmer is not responding after all tries
Arduino Burn the code programmatically
Arduino Uno R3 to Wemos D1 R2 project migration - Pinout problems
Does the tone() generates unwanted signal?
Powering an Arduino Mini Pro using a CR2032 battery as a remote control
ALLBOT knee joints not moving
LCD Clock Millis Code Issue
Trying to compile code on UNO using ccs811 and LCD
bit_is_clear(ACSR, ACO) Instead of digital_read(1)==LOW
MPU9250+arduino pro micro strange behaviour after reset
Why Commenting Serial.print() gives me a different value?
How can I record a push button sequence and store it in an array
How to program a BSFrance LoRA32u4 from Arduine IDE 8.5?
Atmega328P Prescaler to Microseconds
Problem with action that should happen in loop(continuously)
Why was the Atmega16U2 used on the Arduino UNO as a USB to Serial converter?
NRF24L01 one tx many rx
Measuring Lithium ion cell voltage used to power Arduino via a boost module
IR sensor not incrementing or decrementing inside the loop
ATMEGA AVcc pin - low pass filter
Arduino uno audio output quality improvement
Running python script using Arduino
Using INT2/3 on Arduino Micro (Atmega32u4)
Play .Wav sound only once on switch change
Arduino controlled relay for certain duration of time
Update button state in Blynk app through the code
Does the Arduino Yun have to be powered exactly at 5V?
Constants within array of structs causes strange compiler errors?
Decreasing Arduino pro micro power consumption
Increasing number of iterations not increasing time
Does the Arduino pro-micro 3.3v use an 8MHz crystal or a 16MHz crystal with a clock divisor of 2?
Relay active low and ESP8266 GPIO pins
How to use the HC-05 properly?
Can't display any number using 74HC595
Printing char array from array of structs in progmem to serial
Hooking up LCD screens reclaimed from old camcorders to Arduino
Honeywell HPMA115S0, sensor not start again after stop
Send custom 802.11 data frame with ESP8266
Using an accelerometer with an Arduino as a shock sensor
Soil moisture sensor problem
Fool Proofing My Arduino IC Checker
How does DDRD |= _BV(PD2) differ from digitalWrite(2,HIGH)?
USB Host Shield plus 2 identical joysticks
Can you use digital pins as PWM output?
Communication over UDP between Dues with Arduino WiFi Shield
Is it possible for ESP8266WiFi client to request the number of clients currently connected to Access Point?
FTDI Programmer 5v vs 3.3v for ESP8266
GSM and GPS module don't work together
How to calculate actual Baud Rate and its percent error?
LED blinking count with LDR sensor
Can I use atmega328P without capacitors?
Connect Arduino to Socket IO Webserver via Esp8266
Blink without delay for 5 times every 20 seconds
Controlling multiple solenoids with arduino
Getting better results from DHT22
Using different ADC channels
Communication between Arduino Uno and Mega
client.connect() problem
Confusion over Transistors for a switching circuit with an Arduino Mega 2560
Can I remove soldered atmega328P from arduino board, using hot air gun, without damaging it?
Call by reference
Is it common that Uno clones misbehave when connected to 12v on VIN?
How to create custom bootloader with accompanying program loader for ATMega2560
Connecting Load combinator to HX711 then to Arduino
ino.hex vs ino.with_bootloader.hex
State machine sketch to drive a DC motor with limit switches
Need to read/send both values of a button push
ESP8266 not connecting to WiFi
Connecting TCD1304 with Arduino
When I turn on the servo it spins on its own before going to the right position and start the sketch
Arduino nano stk500_getsync() attempt 1 of 10: not in sync: resp=0xe1
Arduino Vending Machine to monitor coin slot input while waiting for user input
Power Arduino Due and 6 servo motor with Battery
2 Motor Robot Control with RC Radio
Write a condition to execute 2 switch-case functions?
Notifications in constant loop (Blynk) trying to trigger along with serial function
I keep getting an error message and I don't know how to fix it
What's a good alternative to an Arduino Nano that can be used with Neopixels?
Using SD library in a ESP-IDF project on ESP32
Commucinate two arduino with each other
Arduino: Reading DS18B20 interferes with servo
SSD1306 / U8glib display fonts and commands
LED staying on after first relay trigger
using special symbols from the U8glib library
H-bridge with 2N2222 transistors - input voltage is chopped
Reading setting from microSD
What is the most Inputs on An analog Pin with a specified Accuracy on the Resistors Used?
functions not running
3D printer firmware version
Is it possible to extract a hex file via UART from an Arduino?
Parse Bluetooth string
Speaker distortion
MPU9250 library exposing raw values
powering Nodemcu using Vin
Connect NodeMCU (ESP8266) with normal Switch (Regular 1 way Home button)
Arduino MEGA 2560 - PWM in case statements not working
Powering Arduino Uno and Ardumoto Motor Driver Shield
Problem with SPI comms using NodeMCU v 3, Nano and SD
ESP8266 as wifi Card?
Why I'm getting this error: invalid conversion from 'const char*' to 'char' [-fpermissive]?
Preventing relay switch-off crashing Ethernet controller
Arduino Motor Shield not working properly
Will adding Ethernet shield reduce the IO count of Arduino?
What causes Serial.available() to become false after Serial.read() gets data?
SPI - Apparently Random pulses on CS/SS line
SD begin affecting OLED display
NodeMCU doesn’t send the sensor read while powering with Vin
Shifting items in an array
How do I lower clock speed for MKR1000?
Nodemcu connecting to Wi-Fi Problem
Ethernet connection - how to send data from interrupt
Synching local clock usign NTP to milliseconds
How to control an 12V 2A Car lamp using relay or MOSFET in Arduino
How can I make an AC analog voltage with Arduino?
Why connect a diode between the reset pin of Arduino and 555 timer?
How to make timed loops after switch / case?
Set a pin HIGH when crash occurs
Structure Array Initialization
Combining code for multiple sensors (Current and Voltage Sensors) in one program
Connecting arduino ground with battery powered remote control ground
Problem "Didn't find PN53x board" in Arduino Uno E-Card Reader
Using While Loop For Accurate Delays
Looking for SPI documentation
How to get data from a device using ethernet connection with arduino
Using TFT touchscreen with Arduino Uno R3 via I2C
How I can divide information stream from bluetooth hc-06?
Where can I find the complete list of Arduino Serial Command & Query Strings?
LoRa stops working after several hours. Arduino reset button ineffective
UID value arduino uno
Can not initialize ESP module in Arduino SoftwareSerial
LCD not displaying text
Missing character when introducing delay in the code
Ubuntu class string has no member remove
Arduino Leonardo RX TX mystery
Sending Float values from Python to Arduino via serial communication
Why doesn't pin 3 blink? It blinks in another program
Two stepper one by one
EDB char array problem. New input word overlaps the previous words saved
3.3V Conversion
send more than one integer on serial between Mega and nodeMcu
how to make this work auto on off led with fading
Problem to display Ntp time on an oled using U8G2 lib
Arduino keeps blinking when LED is in high
Servo causes disconnection
AVR-Toolchain for Arduino crashes on Mac OSX 10.11.6: Hints or debugging help needed
How do I get multiple readings(binary) based on my arduino output?
Is there a way to play .mp3 files from an SD card on Arduino?
How do I get status of contactors using Arduino (more than 50 contactors)
High pass filtering accelerometer data on Arduino
Play a single sound using music shield
Is the arduino hackable when using communication shields?
ESP8266 - Webserver not working in loop
NRF24l01+ works only when touching its antenna
Arduino --> RPI I2C issue
I am Using Arduino Lilypad . I am trying to upload but it shows Programmer Not Responding
GET command with GPRS GSM A6 and arduino
How to Write a function or Loop or program to receive fixed number of Integers or characters over Serial?
Adafruit Motor Shield steppers not turning
Two Arduino boards - one IDE
changed behaviour in I2C LCD
Connection Problems with GPRS Shield
convert byte and float to char
Using C - How do I make my button press nearly instant without using interrupts
ESP8266 Connection to Arduino Mega 2560
Repairing Analogue Inputs on Uno?
Elechouse Mo3 Shield Play Random Song
Attiny13 project with leds and electret microphone
DFPlayer Noise: Researched, Tried, and Bep Bep Bep Bep Bep
How can I change the loop() procedure code?
How to blink the LED forever when detect an object is more than 30 cm away using ultrasonic sensor
Adafruit IO example won't compile, library required is correct version
Arduino tone frequency isn't always precise
Does a delay in a loop save energy?
Send SMS Arduino Uno + SIM900A shield
Why is there a third connection to the host in this 3 wire current output sensor diagram?
Use Wii Remote and Arduino to emulate a keyboard for Windows 10?
Reading serial.print data with unknown characters python
Hold all "millis()" values in an array?
Why am I getting only around 40% the range of my ADS1115 using an Arduino Uno?
writing very long function
Initialization of function pointer array
ILI9341 backlight flickers when using USB power from Laptop
Grove A12-200 current sensor
My outputs are not outputting any current at only two of my pinmodes but work fine on the others
just get my mkr1000 in macOS Sierra 10.13 and no way to connect
My shield does not have further female headers? How do I stack more shields?
Determine an earthquake intensity/magnitude level using ADXL345 and Arduino
Switching lights by Harry Potter themed voice commands
Using the physical serial port on a BSFrance LoRa32u4?
How to measure electrical conductivity using Arduino?
Is there a sensor to measure a distance between 2 point as in range [0-2 meter]?
Why my loop stop working
Strange discrete errors when reading HC-SR04 sonar sensor
RPM measurement using quadrature encoder
avr/io.h No such file or directory error when compiling using avr-gcc
Error while uploading the sketch for Arduino Mini
SOMETHING WRONG IN DHT22 PROGRAM showing error as expected unqualified id before'. ' token
arduino rfid with led, code is compiling but not working as expected!
How many transistors can be connected to Arduino pins?
UNO: AnalogRead results not as expected
uno timer0 prescale
Buttons, LOW vs no connection
LCD Lifespans Constantly Running
Power supply for a set of components for IOT smart switches
How to replace the delay() function in my code?
Problem with LED (Builtin) connected to pin 13
yellow LED not turning off in traffic light simulation
Build a timer that starts and stops timing when 2 wires are broken
can I design a User Interface to run on the arduino and display it with VGA?
Passing the result of the variable to another variable
Resistor pull-ups for ESP8266
At dimming = 128, suddenly voltage goes up to 240 volt and then back to 0 volt
Read from serial monitor till timeout
Can I force Arduino Not to be powered by USB?
RX/TX not working as intended
ArduinoJson buffer gets overwritten
Can I change this code to use a potentiometer instead of a push button
ATtiny84 vs ATtiny85 consumption
ATtiny85 serial communication, bootloader and setting up fuses
How can I access and control a Bluetooth on an Arduino?
concurrent display of BMP file and text on Arduino TFT LCD screen
Sending over a number from Arduino to Attiny85
Is it possible to add an additional board on Arduino Web Editor (create.arduino.cc)?
Two-wire Conductivity Sensor and Arduino Hook-up?
Enroll more than one finger on Unique Id in R305 FingerPrint Module Working With Arduino
Why my ISR is giving impossible values?
Is an Arduino Uno required to send any sort of command to a NodeMCU?
Arduino MQTT Bluetooth
Can I support all these sensors?
Failed to initialise SD card on Leonardo
Uniform timing when using Arduino for data acquisition
'import' does not name type ERROR
Can the "Arduino Create" chrome extension be used to program an arduino nano clone?
Outputs/inputs to Multiple Arduinos in Arduino IDE at once
Serial communication between two microcontrollers w/ separate power supplies
Charge 14500 LiFePO4 lithium batteries from an Arduino Nano
AnalogWrite only working for one pin of RGB LED
How to download files from a user/password protected web server (user:passw@ip:port)
What's wrong with infinite loops inside loop()?
Read the temperature of some temperature sensor in the neighbourhood
UART communication, is it possible to use only the TX line?
When the TX and RX pins for Bluetooth are connected the LCD screen will not update. Why is that?
I2C Interrupting Loop?
Arduino leonardo + OV7670 non-FIFO
card.init(SPI_FULL_SPEED,SD_CS_PIN) returns false for Arduino Mega
NodeMCU (ESP8266) Defining static IP, stops Firebase processing
how can I break from this case by IRremote even if it's not finished yet?
Why would the resistor be after the LED in this project?
How to detect an read buttons pressure on touchscreen
rf522 version 0x12
How to scroll data in LED dot matrix through multiple modules?
D1 Mini; is there a fuse?
Controlling multiple fans using arduino uno
Getting error 32 in multi-master I2C sketch with library https://github.com/rambo/I2C
cannot resolve overloaded function... error
Is it possible to upload a file with GPS values onto my arduino?
Doubt with the library esp8266wifi and Station Mode
Can I use this power supply with my Arduino?
Why I get error on string concatination?
memory usage "dos and don'ts"
what is welding plate?
Can the DHT11 give reasonable readings?
Can the arduino be recognized if the usb chip is broken?
Circuit works on breadboard but has power problems on protoboard
Extract binary data from text string. Like Perl pack, not just regexp
Where to connect an external power source for an Arduino motor driver shield to?
analogWrite(DAC0, X), Analog voltage on DAC0 pin is higher for lower X value - is this normal?
Arduino Rotary Encoder Pulses?
Arduino ModBus RTU master communication with Power Meter problem
DS18S20 (Not DS18B20) reading FF FF
Installing Optiboot loader for pro mini 3.3V 8MHz
Propane injection software compiles, uploads, doesn't work
Properly using separate tabs with Arduino IDE
Changing Arduino Outputs into Binary
DC motors not running using PWM and L298N motor driver
Turn on each of the LEDs in order, by setting the cycle delay to 100 milliseconds
Designing around Output pin limitations
Arduino with Ultrasonic sensor integrated but vibration motor not working according to the code
Create a sketch that allows me to run a DC motor and LED sequence at the same time
Array, hexadecimal and serial write
Changing outputs infinitely for no reason
A SoftwareSerial library for SAMD boards
Interrupt crashes code when implemented
simultaneously read 16 hall sensor and maximum current allowed by Arduino
Electric meter pulse counting using LLC
Pro Mini atmega168 voltage woes
RGB LED strip green LEDs cannot be dimmed to less than 50%
Wire.h library works on Uno but won't compile for ATtiny85
Adafruit Huzzah Feather not resetting and serial monitor garbage
DS18B20 sending variable via Enthernet shield
Keypad password check issue
Does the position in which you mount an IMU matter?
sending 16 bit command via SPI to a NCV7719 (half bridge)
Trigger external interrupt on Arduino Uno R3 with an LED and a button
Stop Arduino Timer after some seconds
MPU6500 via SPI
How to send float numbers from python3 with struct to arduino
One port of motor shield doesn't operating stepper motor
Read CID from SD card with ESP8266
Find public IP address of ESP32 using Arduino IDE
Can't identify + or - in the 5v USB wall adapter, does it matter?
Servo position is always changing
Can't reprogram Arduino on protoboard (perfboard), but could program the same circuit on breadboard
How to create a device with buttons that records when they are pressed
other interrupts in rc channel reader
WEMOS D1 MINI NodeMCU, how to correctly powering it?
Selecting different arrays using a list of pointers
Can't re-write Arduino Pro Mini
parse intel hex into SPI commands for arduino ICSP AVR
Arduino Reaction LED game
arduino didn't working properly
Need to convert char to string
Write to EEPROM before shutdown
SoftwareSerial runs out of "text" space on ATtiny
Has pt.h library been removed from arduino?
Is it possible to test SPI communication having only one board?
Did I overheat my Arduino while soldering to perfboard?
expected primary expression before ')' token
How to know the external interrupt origin from the ISR
Need help with Arduino Love-O-Meter
remove weird chars from char array ESP32
Use LoLin V3 pins starting with 'S' in Arduino
If an I2C connection is lost for a short period of time will it work if the connection is live again?
my arduino uno board is not working
Arduino: using digital pins to emulate USB device
Arduino - Finite State Machine does not start in the initial state
sbi() and cli() implementation
Getting the voltage of an 18650 battery with an Arduino
How can i check for valid fingerprint and no finger detected?
Why does the function esp8266.available() always returns FALSE?
How to delay properly inside ISR
Peer to Peer using Ethernet Module
Every loop other case
What is best way to get data from sensors if arduino is slave?
Arduino - Push Button State Problem
DHT 11 sensors and i2c LCD to Wemos Wifi not Working
WS2812 HELP. Need name of Unkown component
Fade out lightbulb 220V
How do I use digital pin on sensor to analog on arduino uno
File include error while using Arduino Nano
Is checking an if statement every loop/while iteration inefficient?
Arduino Nano joystick x2 / potentiometer
Error in code (define a function)
NPN transistors level shifter
'Serial1' was not declared in this scope
Trouble uploading sketch / error in sketch
KY-022 IR receiver, LED always on, no output
Only getting error from ESP8266 AT commands
Is a variable declaration inside a loop static declaration or dynamic?
Not getting pure color while using the FastLED with WS2812b
Attiny85 not able to understand data from 433Mhz using VirtualWire.h
How to perform timer operation for Traffic light control using Arduino Mega?
How to count the voltage pulses of a digital temperature sensor using Arduino Mega Atmega2560?
Arduino Pro Mini (5v) I2C pullups
ESP8266(01) doesn't work when servo connected to GPIO-2
What might be the errors of my codes?
Trying to get a ILI9341 TFT to work with UTFT library
What is a safe way to power arduino nano with 7.4V Lipo battery?
Arduino UNO reset using SIM800L
Splitting SCL and SDA pins
What is better approach for non blocking pid algorithm?
Trying to make sense of the coding style in Arduino libraries. (Particularly the Radiohead library)
Is there a bridge needed to connect Pro Mini 3.3v to HC-05 (level 3.3v)?
What do I have to change to make this code functional?
Elegant solution for refreshing TFT display content?
Lag in fetching serial data from Arduino
Point-to-point Communication of Arduinos with RFM LoRa Shield
ESP8266/NodeMCU unable to communicate with MFRC522 RFID reader
IO with port manipulation while not interfering with i2c
Getting 3.3v on 5v pin in Arduino Uno
Send Bluetooth Data to Android App (HC 05)
Adadfruit Trinket software not running on ATtiny85
powering arduino with a voltage divider to increase lifespan
Zero-ing Compass | Following Magnet Strip Robot
Burning the Bootloader on Adafruit Feather 32u4
Weird multiplication result
Serial to wifi using arduino nano and esp8266
LMT 84 temperature sensor measurement error
State machine doesn't function
Unknown USB Device (Device Descriptor Request Failed) - Win 10
NFC PN532 SPI - Error: Timeout when waiting for ACK
Reading RAM from SH1106 OLED Controller through I2C
RS422 interfacing with the Arduino
Modbus RTU controller monitoring with arduino and RS485 module
Problems bluetoothing float values
Missing arduino bootloader problem?
Need help with understanding the CapacitiveSensor circuit diagram
How to store the content of message sent to GSM module (SIM900a) into a string?
Switch between timer2 and manually setting output of pin 3
Can Arduino control 8 solenoids?
Getting a truly random number in Arduino
Standalone Programmer
Coding force sensitive resistor to give output based on time used?
Send serial data to local server
Switch case does not work after booting system
Parsing Date/Time(GSM Module)
Using a rotary switch
Power Down Interrupt Arduino
function returning String-Array
How to work with analog readings using RPi and Firmata?
Change Arduino Uno clock from 16MHz external to 1MHz internal
Using the TimedAction library
Can I make my own TFT LCD shield?
Problem with motor driver shield
Is there a way to disable modules like ADC without a sleep mode?
How to speed application up (if possible)
Is it possible to disable functions/methods?
Burn hex with optiLoader
arduino leonardo avrdude: butterfly_recv(): programmer is not responding
Using SD shield for extra external memory?
Genuino UNO 5V pin is reading 0.3V
Configure Arduino IDE to not quit when the last sketch is closed
"Bad request" error (HTTP) while posting to PHP server using Arduino and ESP8266
RGB Not displaying Red when using LCD
Esp8266 and HttpClient not working properly
How to measure the supply voltage of Arduino without using an analog pin
Arduino or alternative for image snap and process
Uploading sketch problem
Problem with a seven segment display. The segments blink then turn off
How to measure CO2, Ammonia and Detect Smoke using MQ135?
How can i get rid of the error "cannot convert 'String' to 'const char*'"
Parse long CSV file with esp8266
Motor shield leaves no pins accessible
What is RSR 09TI chip?
ESP8266 exception if sending TLS-POST-request for a couple of iterations
Using time function in arduino
How to re-solder the resistor in order to reprogram the Atmega8U2
Arduino UNO reprogram the MEGA8u2 using external programmer
Arduino UNO(master read) + NANO(slave write) i2c buttons+stepper
analog read only once a time
how to remove this error "invalid conversion from 'const char*' to 'uint8_t "
Reading data from ThingSpeak via Arduino Uno+ESP8266
problem using #define to substitute functions
Compiling error: undefinded reference to pinMode and digitalWrite
Import library in Arduino IDE
Steppers only vibrate, not rotate with I2C
Arduino shuts off randomly (Temperature?)
Nodemcu stops sending the messages to the API
nodemcu EEPROM corrupting
How to make an I2C device undetectable
Can we code XBee more than once?
Arduino resets variable every loop
4x4 matrix keypad - Multiple inputs cause extra readings
problem with communication between Linux and microcontroller
RF transmitter with external 8-12v power not working properly
Arduino cannot sync
Can i send sensor data from arduino to cloud without sending it via PC
Unable to parse my JSON Data in Arduino IDE
Wemos: relay shield doesn't work on top of the stack
avr_g++ compiler error: expected primary-expression before '.' token (C code in .ino)
ESP8266 Wifi.setOutputPower - original/default value?
Turn off the second builtin Nodemcu 0.9 led
Use Mac for memory & processing
ATmega328 is not recognized by software
Wearable GPS LED help
Ribbon sensor resistance slowly drops when released
Arduino Uno as Xbox One Controller?
ESP8266 in AP Mode -determining if a station is connected
Is there a way to send data from Tensorflow to Arduino via Bluetooth?
How to loop the result
connecting 5 mq sensor at a time
Which EEPROM has a long lifecycle?
Cons of using timer0 with external input?
How to post HTTP POST requests on my website?
Arduino Mega Sensor shield
Bootloader is not burned in Arduino Uno R3 board (ATmega 328P)
Building an EEZYBOTARM MK1
Trouble using proximity sensor as input and LED output
STM32f407G Discovery Board with keypad in arduino IDE
LED strip problem... getting red when expecting white with lots of pixels. Fine with 1 pixel
Powering servos with external source
5V Pressure sensor module with 3.3V ADC
How to continuously monitor range finder and immediately interrupt code to run a different code in pedestrian traffic lights setup?
Infrared frequency recorded with saleae
Run 5V LED Matrix and LED Strip on one Arduino
Readings changing in hall effect sensor
adafruit LSM9DS0 Library - ok with Uno but compile error with LinkitOne?
How to solve problem AT+INQ ERROR (1F), AT+INIT ERROR(17) on Bluetooth Module HC-05?
I'm trying to make a program which you choose an angle
What is wrong with my code? Did you forget '()'?
Attiny85 appears to be drawing 0.2mA current but battery running down more quickly
How to externally power HC-05 module with Arduino Pro Mini?
How to install several IDE version on my PC
How to upload data to program over USB port
Semantics of local PROGMEM
Follow redirect of a captive portal with NodeMCU 0.9
bluetooth module and pic
How to set the sampling frequency in Arduino without using a delay
Arduino UNO SPI Serial Clock (Pin 13 SCK) gives no output, but Blink Example (Pin 13 LED) works
Control/Interacting with Android OS using Arduino board
Need assistance with serial data between PC and Arduino Mega 2560
ESP8266 MQTT client error
Can you make it so, when your phone connects to the Hc-05 on a Arduino, a variable changes?
Difference between Ciao REST server and Ciao REST connector and when to use each or the other
Can someone help me with my arduino and relay and switch?
GSM library_ all examples ar working except GPRS?
Problems encountered when trying to program Arduino UNO via esp8266 with ESP-Link
Connecting RCA audio cables to Arduino
How do I turn lights on & off manually along with home automation?
Does the StringObject.reserve() function prevent memory fragmentation/leaks?
Wemos mini pro switch power from servo with mosfet bs170
Why do we need a transistor with a dc motor while we don't need one with a servo motor?
trouble running i2c and spi at the same time
Using digital pins 0/1 on Arduino Due when writing/reading over serialUSB port
Does millis() work inside a function?
Powering 8-channel relay correctly
ESP8266 + DHT11 AWS IOT Thing not updating thing shadow - was working before
Sleep power down mode with change interrupt
Problem converting character array into integer in arduino using atoi function
Why do people complain when I call my functions voids?
Proto Threading 2 functions
handling array from post data on espwebserver
Can't read JSON data from client (webpage) with Arduino Leonardo ETH
Arduino reduces the laser power
Code compatibility with Arduino Due
tinkercad arduino simulator integers being outputted as larger numbers than they are?
On a motor after a continuous input of a certain amount of time
Arduino IDE : 'tansig' was not declared in this scope
6 wire 3 digits 7 segment display and arduino question
Arduino Uno with Kubuntu 16.04: Unable to enumerate device
How to use digital pin as ground?
LED Strip Effect without delay
What is wrong with this code?
RFID reader code to identify more than one tag
How to determine the SPIFFS size on an esp8266-01?
Using Due (SAM3X8E) native USB port for programming?
Error array value after passed to a function
Arduino(s) not resetting on Serial connection lost / re-established - why?
Unexpected value change of 2nd Potentiometer
Decode PNG on an ESP8266
