What software do you recommend to manage TV Series?
Hide 'Your profile could not be opened correctly'
No Longer Able to Suspend ... Why?
How can I prevent audiobooks from appearing in Banshee's 'Music' list
What terminal-based network speed tests are available?
How to manually trigger fsync()?
What's the story with TRIM support?
How do I kill Empathy and get it to show its main window?
How to check a mounted filesystem for errors in a reliable way
Desktop load (Gnome or Netbook edition) jams after upgrading to 2.6.35 kernel
Is there an open 'project' file format alternative to Microsoft's *.mpp?
Will the deleted browser history be stored in File-system?
How to cancel the currently-applied remaining sudo time-out?
Getting network manager on the gnome panel
Ubuntu professional theme for 10.10?
Refresh my Ubuntu
What is the difference between initrd and initramfs?
Broadcom BCM4401-B0 100Base-TX Issues
What is the minimum size of the LAMP server?
Generate SHA, MD5 and other checksums from properties menu (added "Digests" tab)
Do I need to replace my hard disk?
Glassfish warning when i try to open an existing Java Project
Synchronize folders without Internet connection
Touchpad too slow -- how do I adjust it?
How do I get the .deb for Rhythmbox 0.13.2 to install on Ubuntu 9.10?
How to open files which are located in VirtualBox's Guest Machine from Netbeans of Host Machine
Abnormal increase in laptop temperature
Why does Nautilus ask me to "... empty the trash before you unmount?"
How can I make rhythmbox open maximised initially?
Can't turn off or restart
How to fix choppy fonts after using KDE System Settings?
Presentation with many fullscreen video
How can I install Java libraries such as the jMonkey Engine system-wide?
How do I make Shotwell regenerate all the thumbnails?
Failure to start grub with Wubi
Are there guidelines for creating panel icons?
Installer won't let me continue, forward and skip buttons greyed out
Is there ruby syntax validation plugin for gedit?
How can I use my fingerprint reader?
Tomboy is reporting an error when I try to sync to Ubuntu One, but isn't giving an error message
wubi has an error now directs to menu
Which package contains the C standard library?
Why doesn't Canonical use pings from the Update Manager to gauge the size of the Ubuntu installbase?
How do I bind .sh files to keyboard combination?
How to enable graphics card XFX ATI RADEON HD 4350
Cannot find GRUB configuration file
Right click to open a terminal in Kubuntu?
Root password does not work to install some programs
How do I change the way Ubuntu adjusts my volume mixer levels?
Only able to login to Failsafe GNOME
unable to install gnome
Why does tasksel not include an option for LAMP server?
How do I report a bug against Ubuntu.com (the Ubuntu website)
The new kernel causes system freeze
Will there be something like Apple's Quicklook included by default?
System crashed suddenly and does not boot after that --because of ubuntu only
How to play VOB files that were inside a DVD disc?
How can I install a .bin file?
How to unify KDE 4.5 theme when running kde applications with root?
Why does it always say "Requires Installation of Untrusted Packages" and not let me download?
How to launch user application from gmrun
Why is $PATH different in the Nautilus-Elementary embedded terminal?
I can't get click and drag to work with my Wacom Bamboo P&T
Multi-user remote desktop using vnc4server
"A hard disk may be failing" , but no additional info via gdu-notification-deamon (suggestions?)
Why are two indicator-network versions being worked on?
Cannot Play VCD
RSS reader that can sync across computers?
How should I manage a secure, personal ssh key?
FTP access to the files of Guest Machine of VirtualBox from Host Machine
How do I connect to the internet with a "Huwaei Ec1260" modem?
No video after update (10.04), how do I rescue?
Is it possible to get drivers for HP LaserJet 1200?
Automatic backup with Back in Time?
Opening CD-ROM with bash code
Command to quit[cleanly] GUI applications from a tty?
Upgrade from 10.04 to 10.10
Dell Inspiron n5010 Brightness Issue
How do I record sound on a Thinkpad Edge 11?
Trouble shooting internet connection problems?
Dual Boot on dual hard drive set up
I can't open up URL's in Hotot
Using locate to find a directory
Trash works on NTFS when mounted by Nautilus, but not when automounted via /etc/fstab
FGLRX driver performance with compiz
Is there a way to make Openbox behave like the Compiz Grid plugin?
How to add or modify launchers to the compiz unity dock?
Where does fork() actually start?
Touchpad issues on HP Pavilion dm4 (can't right click)
Where are the guidelines for the Software Center approval process for paid applications?
Saving deb files from repositories to a custom location for installing offline
Start synergy on boot?
Choppy video playback with vimeo and youtube
Tools to diff deb-src packages between Ubuntu and Debian repos
MySQL server Upstart script not working on boot
How can I restart pulseaudio without logout?
Facebook video is too choppy to watch
Ubuntu start-up problem
Why won't Samba let me delete a file
How do I uninstall Kubuntu and install Ubuntu?
How to change the icon for Network Monitor Applet?
Cloud server stuck on dpkg --configure -a
How can I create a cron command that will execute a command inside a detached screen?
Wireless (Broadcom) just stopped working after putting machine to sleep!
Can I download Ubuntu 'Lite' - just the core?
Securing system admin account
Unable to share a folder between Windows 7 and Ubuntu (running in VMWare)
Cron jobs show up in GNOME Scheduler but don't execute
How can I monitor the output of an already running program?
Graphical editor for GSettings/dconf?
How can I stop banshee from downloading podcasts as 'read only'
update-manager doesn't request PW - just NOOPs
W: GPG error: http://ppa.launchpad.net lucid Release:
Cannot log into chat
Why are Last.fm's features unavailable to Banshee users who don't subscribe to the service?
How do I get a Genius iLook 300 webcam to work?
How to find out what device a file or folder is on?
Are there Karma thresholds on Launchpad for gaining access to certain features
How to boot to root shell when GRUB recovery menu fails to load a shell?
Why is the default wallpaper in jpg format, rather than a lossless format like png?
Why is the Ubuntu One server side application proprietary?
Kernel Panic: line 61: can't open /scripts/functions
SSD Installation error: Read-only file system: '/target/bin'
How to make ALT+TAB with Gnome-Do's Docky work?
How do I install Ubuntu (I'm a linux noob)?
Graphical Traceroute with Map from Repository
Simple way to consistently access a SMB mount?
Debian Stable vs Ubuntu LTS for Server?
Where can I download drivers for lenovo s10-3?
How to remove the unwanted entries from the boot menu?
Install Ubuntu Netbook 10.10 without CD/USB/WUBI from HDD on WinXP
Is possible to change desktop wallpaper in Unity? If yes, how to do?
Does Unity work on Intel GMA x4500?
Do we need Swap partition on a LAMP server?
Spanning gnome-panel across dual monitors
Can't view videos in Flash now I've upgraded to 10.04
Battery life greatly depreciated in 64-bit when compared to 32-bit
Update destroyed grub
How to open file with default application from command line?
Can I use Skype through Empathy?
How make a configure/makefiles from an C file?
Netbooks for sale without Windows in the UK
Loading daemon at startup
How do I install a ssh private key generated by puttygen?
Force device name / order - SAS tape drive
Xerox Workcentre 3220 Drivers
Why does pressing Alt + Tab cause a freeze?
Nautilus freezes when connecting to SSH server
How to clean up aptitude output?
From Ubuntu, "Back to my Mac"
Cheap compatible infrared receiver
Blackboard (WebCT) takes ~2 min to load.  Any tricks to make it load faster?
Touchpad works in Gnome, but not KDE
flashplugin-installer vs. flashplugin-nonfree vs. adobe-flashplugin
Is there software similar to Lernid for artwork?
is there any kind of utility/protocol that can take premissions from root users?
How can I change the default program for viewing pictures and photos?
How to list all the files in a tree (a directory and its subdirs)?
Issue with compiling OpenSludge
Error when installing: "unable to find a medium containing a live file system"
Looking for an ultra portable laptop for Ubuntu
Reboot without sudoer privileges?
Unable to lock the administration directory (/var/lib/dpkg/) is another process using it?
Why is my terminal freezing up?
Can't reboot netbook with any of the reboot parameters
What is the best way to control music on my PC from my iphone or android?
Can Wayland have network transparency implemented as a plugin?
Save an edited file in nano, but no permissions
Is it possible to store files on Ubuntu One without syncing them to a (or every) computer?
How can I find the version number of an installed package via dpkg?
Can't start Oowriter
Gnome panel suddenly becomes transparent!
Upgrade of Ubuntu 10.04 (32-bit) to 10.xx (64-bit)
Does Gnome Do work with Gnote?
Indicator applet and sound manager for OSS sound system
Automatically choose "Try Ubuntu without Installing" after booting from USB Startup Disk
Enable compiz on intel core i5 (Nvidia GT330M) based laptop
Can mencoder use multiple cores, or is there another aud-vid encoder which can?
Why is Ubuntu One sluggish?
Database data modeler application
input / output error, drives randomly refusing to read / write
.wav files in Rhythmbox?
Error caused by Dropbox in update manager
Does Geany or Gedit provide a browser protocol in the way Textmate does with txmt://?
Running software in another X session
Teaching bash to beginners who only used Windows
How to remove Nvidia HDMI audio output in PulseAudio?
How to setup Automount/Autofs
What the best solution for Dropbox in Indicator Applet?
Disk by UUID not detected (initramfs), boot failure
How do I install wine?
How can I tell Ubuntu to do nothing when I close my laptop lid?
How to shut down the computer after a task has been completed?
VLC 1.1.5 can't view PNG images
Installing Lexmark X1290 printer?
Why is my boot menu getting longer?
OpenCL programming on CPU and GPU with Nvidia cards?
How to remove wine completely
Why does my webcam (light) turn on when i start up my computer after standby?
What chat clients (that work on linux) support creating rooms?
RTMP Protocol Streaming Cannot Connect
Does Ubuntu come with a firewall by default?
Update Manager Error - Authentication Error
Configure udev to change permissions on USB HID device?
How do you use Qutecom to connect to other services?
How to create file in a Windows mounted partition?
haproxy doesn't start
how to run applications on admin account while is not is use or active?
Off-line Repository and software removal
Resources for making an Ubuntu-based router?
iPod Touch firmware downgrade
Will Unity offer Synapse goodness?
Why won't visual effects work with a dual monitor setup
Where does compiz log error messages?
Powering down USB drive while PC suspended
How do I add applications to the Messaging Menu?
Repercussions to sharing .bashrc across machines with Dropbox?
'htop' does not show the correct CPU%, but 'top' does
How to take screenshots of sections of the screen?
boot existing sda1 from USB
How to install Ubuntu One Windows Beta on XP?
Developer documentation for the Messaging Menu?
How to take a screenshot of a whole desktop with app menu selection?
How to sync files/data between two PCs on a home network?
Where can I find the kernel logs?
How to type Hindi in open office?
No effect after editing grub.cfg & updating it
Updates don't install because of "untrusted packages"
Are there other Automator alternatives?
Why have my google chrome extensions all been put into a tiny dropdown?
Where is libapache2-mod-qos?
Clipped Notify OSD
Ubuntu USB startup disk doesn't boot
How to install packages offline?
How to install Arista transcoder from source?
Automatically adding CD box art so that I can put it on my iPod
What's keeping Shotwell from replacing EOG?
converting .c module to .o module
Can process be reloaded by PID?
Incorrect key mappings in remote NX session
How do I disable intel graphics in a hybrid graphics setup?
Ubuntu One for Xfce or Xubuntu?
How do I run a script/command on suspend?
ssh without opening the ports
Help me solve my problem with NPR Media Player
Where are the system-wide proxy server settings?
How to add Blender menu item in main menu?
Can I use Pitivi to trim a video, without re-encoding it?
Download speed decreased
How to Install libflashplayer.so?
Can I use my Ubuntu One account to backup with Déjà Dup?
Are the any commercially available, easy to use, media servers running Ubuntu?
Ubuntu Samba Server Problems
Alternative to Dragon Naturally Speaking?
Blurry printed raster images with Brother MFC-8840D
How will you do a desktop spread in Unity?
How can I load the standard wireless driver after I deinstall ndiswrapper?
ushare doesn't like the fact that eth0 is down even though I am using wlan0
Encrypting a non-linux partition with LUKS
How to configure startupmanager to show option to choose for different kernel versions during boot
Wireless network lost
How does one get the ttf-dejavu fonts to show up in xlsfonts for use in rxvt?
How do I share a folder with another Linux machine on the same home network?
Check if a file has been uploaded?
Change F key behavior on Apple keyboard
re enable panel shadow
Direct boot to a named USB device
How can you log out via the terminal?
Trying to setup webserver and not able to access from outside network
Internet category not returning any results in Synapse
How would one make empathy start when you turn on your computer or log into the computer
Binary will not execute after upgrade to 10.10
Type 1 fonts render poorly on-screen
Install Ubuntu on USB Flash Drive or USB powered external HDD?
Set .JAR default action to run with Java?
Deploying war files in tomcat6
Can you use the new beta Adobe Flash 10.2 in Google Chrome
How can I clean up the Open With.. Menu
Squid or Polipo
Recovering Files from a Corrupt CD/DVD
How to extend Ubuntu disk space without using Live CD?
How do I get the CPU temperature?
How to track the total network data in a month
Unison shows error about locked archives
Stopping daemons from loading at boot time
In Avant Window Navigation (awn) can the icons jump?
Amarok tool tips are just black boxes, Is it possible to fix it?
How can a script check if it's being run as root?
Where can I download the latest version of the Ambiance theme?
cpufreq-selector, cpufreq-info reporting wrong max speed
How to install a second version of Audacity?
What functionality of an iPad can I use with Ubuntu?
How to start VPN service manually?
Mounting a network filesystem into schroot
How do I setup routing through a PPTP VPN?
Whats eating my memory?
Force apt to remove all emacs*
what do i have to do to use NX on a different port than 22 (SSH)
Can I allow a Virtualbox VM to use a USB wireless network adaptor directly?
Workaround for misbehaving Battery Notifier (always estimating)
How did Ubuntu know my WPA Key?
Does Ubuntu One sync symbolic links with Windows?
How to force Testdrive to use zsync?
Opera web browser in Ubuntu Software Center
Cracking WPA wireless network encryption
When will Gnome 2.32.1 be available?
Download a flash video (not from a popular video community)
How to avoid duplicate entries in .bash_history
Where do I get the source code for Ubuntu Light?
How to access MD RAID via Live CD?
Installing Ubuntu 10.10 / Windows 7 dual boot confusion
Slow USB transfer
HP LaserJet 4L is not working
Updating a mysql production server without having problems
How can I request that a font be added to the official repositories?
dhcpd offers ip address but client doesn't get ip
Is there an icon pack for nautilus right click menu?
Why can't I hear audible pings?
How can I get audiobooks from Banshee's 'Internet Archive' plugin into my library?
How to edit together split-screen videos?
Accessing googlecl using python script
Getting visual feedback of workspace switch in xfce
How do I get notified in my qt application about USB drive plugged in to the system
What program can I use to convert text into binary numbers?
Are there magic commit words in Launchpad Code?
Is it possible to use mouse gestures without pressing a key?
How do I unmark a "failed" md device?
Browse internet inside terminal
main.c error while "making" GRASS
What interface mockup programs are available?
Organize Folders In Ubuntu One
Switch to a targeted initrd after setup?
Why is hibernation performance so poor?
Web sites see my firefox as a mobile browser
Ubuntu One Encryption?
How can I run compiz-fusion effects with ATI Radeon x1250?
Is it possible to install Firefox 3.0 as well as the default package?
Can I limit the amount of logging to "/var/log", especially for "bootchart"?
Ubuntu keeps creating dummy directories
How to browse the web safely with Mozilla Firefox?
Need a MP3 ID3 tagger, and cover fetcher
Using a folder on an ntfs partition as /home
How to get to the GRUB menu at boot-time?
How do I get AWN back? (Get into a terminal if all panels and docks are gone)
Remotely run a command on a ssh-server with a script
Dropbox instead of the documents folder?
How to create VMWare Player Image with linux as the OS
How do I permanently fix the time on a bootable USB key?
My system time resets to January 2007. How can I solve this?
Wrong Compiler Error in Code Blocks
Can't install on Dell Inspiron 15R
What do I need to know in order to help with bug/papercut fixing?
Anonymous Internet browsing
Tracking the popularity of a package over time?
Firefox address bar doesn't autocomplete
Share between Ubuntu machines
How can I troubleshoot "VPN Connection Failed"?
How can I create an alias for cd and ls?
How to enable persistent option in disk creator?
Are there plans to support the WWF file format?
What will let me apply a color curve to video?
Me Menu is broken
Why did Apport make my bug report private?
Why does ubuntu use about twice as much RAM as debian?
Is there a way to start a bash script after boot only when wlan0 is connected
Where can I find the most recent snapshot of gnome-shell?
How to give ssh access to trusted friend?
Overwrite previous output in Bash instead of appending it
Firefox & OpenOffice don't use Indicator Applet Application Menu
Rhythmbox sound cuts, cracks when other programs are running
Execute Bash script at startup, but only once a day?
Bash: if condition to check if actual date exists as string in file?
How does one change the chromium icon automatically after updating?
How do I get the GRUB menu to show when starting my dual-boot system?
Getting flash 10.2 GPU acceleration working
notify-osd stops working after totem has been running for a while
Shutter preferences are not getting saved
What made "smbd" stop running on boot-up?
Why is it bad to log in as root?
Installation of trading-shim
Can you change the orientation of the Unity launcher?
How do I adjust the volume without pulseaudio?
Purchasing an ebook reader
How do I create a USB Startup Disk with the nvidia drivers installed?
Can I connect to Ubuntu One via FTP?
Control compiz zoom from the command line
How to install ppa packages in an apt-get style
Mouse cursor seems to change keyboard input focus
Why don't product specifications even mention Ubuntu / Linux?
How can I accept the Microsoft EULA agreement for ttf-mscorefonts-installer?
How come Unity won't run on my IBM Thinkpad T42?
Why % CPU doesn't add up to 100?
How to debug suspend?
How to understand the Audio Subsystem?
Faulty upgrade from 10.4 to 10.10 Can I redo the upgrade without erasing all the existing mess?
What wifi cards will work out of the box for desktop computers?
Diagnosing xmodmap errors
What GUI toolkit will Ubuntu Unity use?
Broadcom open source drivers available in Maverick?
How can I load the `vsftpd` daemon at system-boot, but have it "start" in a "stopped" state?
Ubuntu Wiki refuses to change theme
What's the best, simplest OCR solution?
How to add nvidia-current drivers into an iso file with remastersys?
What exactly is "Ubuntu Desktop Edition" safe mode?
I am looking for a small (Ubuntu) open-source-project for which I can code
How to create a bootable USB from a .iso file?
My ubuntuone is broken, what is the problem?
Command line BitTorrent client with UDP trackers support
Right clicking does not work in desktop
Synapse doesn't remember anything
How can I set a custom icon for a folder?
How can I make usual phone calls using a connected mobile phone?
Import videos from Panasonic TZ 7
nvidia drivers dual screen xorg.conf
How to use KTorrent?
Is Compiz Unity's new flat black/outlined launcher look permanent?
How to direct Ubuntu to use USB connection for Internet
Some commands from system menu of panels dissappeared
No internet access even though the wireless indicator shows 100%
Window theming not working
How do I use xplanet?
How to get coloured terminal over ssh?
How to remove flickering green lines on screen?
Translating .deb package information
Django based blog
Opening images sorted by modification date/size/type/etc
Auto indentation in Gedit
How to hide bottom panel in GNOME?
What's the difference between a Long Term Support Release and a Normal Release?
How do I disable X at boot time so that the system boots in text mode?
Connect to network before user login
How can I edit the gnome-panel "Places" menu?
enable/install ATI x1250
How to change forecolor of Software Center descriptions?
Is there any software that will do face recognition in photos?
Nice network diagram editor?
Search Launchpad for PPAs matching software or package name?
Me menu disappeared
How to tell which physcal drive is sdc?
How to get Ubuntu membership?
control keys produce ascii output in Vi insert mode
Stack applet was not starting automatically
No audio after running Lennart Poettering's multitasking script
Displaying colors in the prompt
How to organize the nautilus bookmarks in the "Places" panel applet?
Displaying a new line on the prompt
Showing a "cowsay" fortune in every new terminal session
Putting an arbitrary gtk.Widget into an appindicator.Indicator
Ubuntu on Shuttle XS35
Safe way to rename my computer/hostname?
How to get my software into Ubuntu?
Better drivers for SiS 650/740 integrated video?
How do I migrate from systray to AppIndicators?
Multitouch screen needs two touch points
Empathy chat limits the number of contacts displayed?
debootstrap or virt-install Ubuntu Server Maverick fails
How can I run gedit with a different configuration
Apple G4 733Mhz and 512Mb Ram... Any suggestions on what to use for good performance?
Migrating from Mac to Ubuntu, What will I miss?
Roll-your-own mysql-server (.deb) files and MySQL root password
Inverted Mouse Axis on a Ubuntu Live USB
Disable touchpad hardware buttons
Upgrade manager wants me to do a partial upgrade
Find projects that use a particular programming language in Launchpad?
Very long Gnome login time
"Hardware Drivers" item missing from menu
my thinkpad shut-off when docking
Windows Version of Ubuntu One staying?
Desktop Feed Reader which can sync with Google Reader
Where in the filesystem should I store shared data?
Is there one file that all Desktop Managers (GNOME, KDE, XFCE and etc) are required to read/execute when users login?
How do I make GVim use the icon in my icon theme?
Installing Axel?
USB key will only be mounted by gparted [?]
Trouble installing gnome-activity-journal
How can I view the complete changelog for a PPA package?
What is the best video software that can play more than one instance besides Gnome MPlayer?
Where can I find a Netbeans nightly build?
Ubuntu Root user
Embed Ubuntu font on any web page
No init start up error
Prism equivalent for Chromium?
Is there a microcontroller kit that ships with development tools for Ubuntu?
How do I install TweetDeck?
Syncronize folder on USB drive for Ubuntu One
How do I uninstall Nautilus-Elementary?
Where are file associations stored?
How to connect and disconnect to a network manually in terminal?
Not able to log in
How to access serial ubuntu host serial port on VirtualBox guest OS
Why isn't a HD Video in 720p played without stops and glitches?
How can I tell whether Ubuntu One file sync is working, and what progress it is making?
Which DVB-S satellite receivers work with Ubuntu?
Connect N VMs over 2 NICs to internet. Bridging? Bonding? Both?
Crash after installing ubudsl
Install Ubuntu on Intel Mac
How do you fix "failed command: IDENTIFY DEVICE" showing up in dmesg?
White screen with pointer after removing Unity
How can I activate a Panel-icon via a script (or get its screen co-ordinates; to click it)?
Error when installing xampp
Browser automatically refreshes and Home folder window opens
Is there a command-line tool which returns the colour of the pixel based on screen co-ordinates?
How to set the Default Browser from the Command Line?
Can I use the Chrome Web Store in Chromium?
I want to use my old PIII to learn basic linux stuff, should I use ubuntu?
How to work on *.php pages without LAMP
What is the best way to partition, and what is the best file-system for a new Hard Disk?
How to restrict the number of processes a user can start?
Create a new SSH user on Ubuntu Server
How do I export all the Python docs of a package and get it into Devhelp?
Which programs can I use to edit PDF files?
Problem with Folders in Ubuntu One
Vista missing from grub bootlist after installing ubuntu
Why has A4 Borderless format disappeared for HP 6500?
Where can I find ubuntu-10.04.1-netbook-i386.iso?
Using a bittorrent client slows down internet connection
How can I add specific folders to Places in mintMenu?
Is there a PPA with the latest version of LibreOffice?
How can I change my own user ID?
Can't Mount Phone, "according to mtab, /dev/sdb1 is already mounted on /"
What exactly does Ubuntu share with other Debian based distributions?
How to profile GNOME desktop start?
Error when trying to get movies off my Camera
Why is there always only the latest development milestone available for download?
Can't print, CUPS package corrupted and hangs on re-install
Hide current working directory in terminal
Default mount options on auto-mounted NTFS partitions (how to add `noexec` and `fmask=0111`?)
Facebook and flash - why doesn't facebook recognise that I have flash installed?
Adjusting resolution for individual Wine programs
Menu missing in Lotus notes 8 and Eclipse in Unity
DJPlay: No sound coming out
Packaging a Java web application: Reuse tomcat6 or separate process?
Cannot append to mbox file error while fetching mail in Evolution
Packaging a Java web application: .war or symlinks to dependencies?
Realtek RTL8111E8168B Ethernet driver doesn't work
Kickstart file is ignored by the installer
Removing Firefox in Ubuntu with all add-ons like it never existed
Wubi won't boot after a kernel update
Asus 1000HE Wireless Issues
Ogg support for Ubuntu Music App
Popper Email Notifier not working
How to switch the editor in mc (midnight commander) from nano to mcedit?
Connecting to a wireless network
My hardware needs a module to be blacklisted to work, how can I get this fix shipped?
Can Unity based on Compiz already be fully used?
Mouse's forward and back buttons don't work
If Unity will be touch friendly, will window buttons become easier to touch?
Where are Empathy's contact-links stored?
CS4326/7 sound chipset on Thinkpad 600E
Poor compiz performance on NVidia 9500 GT
How can I change another user's "About Me" photo?
Can I set a default "About Me" photo?
Hard Disk Spins Down as long as Battery is in Laptop
How well is the HFS+ filesystem supported?
Sometimes keyboard & touchpad work... sometimes not
How do I restore compiz advanced zoom?
My Ubuntu partition is NTFS?
How can I add and change items in my Applications Menu?
Ubuntu One, Dashboard shows 14.5mb used and files folder shows nothing
Is Face Recognition coming to Shotwell?
What are some good ASCII art generators?
apache2 tomcat6 virtual hosting
Can I change the word ubuntu from my plymouth default theme?
Can you force open links that create a new tab, in the same tab?
chmsee not opening php manual
What is the gbas.so file on my home directory?
Theme conflict on dual-boot of Ubuntu 10.10 & Fedora 14
Missing Thumbnails for .swf files in Nautilus?
Broken Packages after installing AWN Lucido from official PPA
With the update manager constantly updating software, what does it really mean to upgrade Ubuntu?
Boot screen in low graphics/text mode
Disable Compiz Shadow for a specific panel?
Firefox Hangs on ubuntu when loading java applets
Hardware recommendations for Ubuntu Media centre
SSH tunnel logging?
MP3 player with good podcast support?
By default, what system messages get mailed to root?
Graphics trouble after resuming from hibernate or suspend
How do I hide CIFS volumes in the Places menu?
How can I get application side-menu on base Unity install?
I can't find .bash_profile
Ncurses prompts look broken in PuTTY from Windows
How to boot from a debootstrap based install?
How do I get window title bars to stop glitching?
Installations, updates and removals always fail. But work after a restart
How to listen to Audible files?
Ubuntu One always hashing something that is not there
How to permanently mount a remote share?
How do I install Enlightenment (E17)?
How do I set up an MTS MBlaze modem?
How can I change the default application that archive manager uses?
A few items are missing from my panel and I'm not sure how to get them back
Deleting without permission in $HOME
Install fails, cannot mount swap
I upgraded Ubuntu on my laptop and I have to use the old GRUB entry for it to work
Need wired driver for an Atheros AR8152
stuck on libubuntuone1.0-cil, assembly error
How to remove the Sendmail Mail Server from webmin?
What causes Nautilus to restart whenever I kill it?
Synchronising samba and unix user accounts
How to speed up "Getting printer information"?
MythTV GUI problems
EeePc internal microphone not working
How do I install Mobile Media converter?
`p` key doesn't work in X
How do I make my purchased music be synchronized on Rhythmbox and in ~./ubuntuone/Purchased from Ubuntu One?
How do I use lightscribe when burning CDs and DVDs?
How do I install Ubuntu to a USB key? (without using Startup Disk Creator)
How can I listen on global keypress event?
How do I configure keyboard commands?
Switch between nvidia-current and nouveau without a reboot?
Accidentally typed password in username input, any logs to clear?
How to set locale?
Firefox can't update extensions
Is it possible to get a list of most recently installed packages?
How to be anonymous on IPV6 protocol by not using MAC address in EUI-64?
Can't change Visual Effects when running Unity
How do I install 9.04 in VMWare?
desktop byobu launcher doesn't read my ~/.byobu/windows.ssh_sessions file
Is there a way to enable commenting adobe PDF?
How can I set a second screen (DISPLAY=:0.1) as the default gnome display?
Will there be a focus on creating a dockable On Screen Keyboard for Unity?
File not found in places menu
Are there affordable and recognised Ubuntu/Debian online certification courses/exams?
Upgrading to 10.10 causes mountall error in Parallels
In htop, I sometimes see lists of 64 processes, identical for all but the PID. What are they?
Comparison of dpkg/APT/aptitude/Ubuntu software centre/synaptic package manager
How to use keyboard keys as mouse buttons?
Overwrote /bin/bash, after replacing still broken
How to open a directory/folder and a URL through Terminal
Why is Natty's daily live build not updated daily anymore?
Is Acrobat reader X coming to Ubuntu?
Dynamic /etc/resolv.conf file?
Dual monitor Unity launcher opening on wrong monitor
Easy database tool (the more gui the better)
Computer won't sleep
What is GRUB (2)'s role in the suspend/hibernate process?
Enable Networking in VMWare
How do I temporarily run an FTP server?
Random images appearing in my home directory... Where are they coming from?
Automounter -- browsing with Nautilus
how to backup/restore the host key in ssh server
How to install Evince 2.32?
Will the launcher use Intellihide by default?
No sound after PulseAudio reinstall
Downloaded Ubuntu ISO always has wrong checksum?
Ubuntu One says it's always synchronizing
How to enable SOCKS 5 authentication in Network Proxy Preferences
No application to launch when plugging in ipod
Differences between Official and Community documentation?
Why Ubuntu wiki runs on different software to other help sites?
Fresh install from within Ubuntu without CD-ROM or thumbdrive
TestDrive equivalent for Ubuntu Server
smbmount returns "operation not permitted"
Distribution upgrade: what is likely to break?
Rhythmbox still plays songs after exit
Gnome Terminal tabs ugly and oversized
How can I become the owner of a file that origins from another pc / user?
Accidentally skipped encryption dialog after installation. How to resume?
10.10 Freezes totally
How do I stop the screen from being locked on suspend?
Why does my shell script hang without the .sh extension?
Missing Sound After Cleanup and Moving of Home Directory
Installing a Java jar from a download
Install different versions of software
Error while opening tex files in gedit
Execute command on wakeup
Undelete Ubuntu One files, deleted with reconnected PC
How can I make Chromium open apt links with xdg-open?
Disabling shutdown command for all users, even root - consequences?
Numpad not working
.u1conflict suffix gets apended to files while using ubuntu one
System hangs on changing time
Clean removal of KDE 4
Numlock turned on on boot-up
Empathy Yahoo IM contact request spam
How to send SFTP file download to background?
How do I keep Empathy new message notifications after a disconnect?
How can I determine if just the .private folder is encrypted or the whole home directory?
How can I adjust the time that automatically reduces the brightness of screen?
Can Nautilus display a .desktop file by its real name?
Permissions problem when copying files to /usr/share/tomcat6
How do I show the date in the clock indicator?
What is the better netbook OS for me- Jolicloud or Kubuntu Netbook Edition?
How to install ochem for texlive
How can I adjust the scroll speed of my mouse manually?
Minecraft: Slow performance OUT of the game
How do I use the gconf editor?
How to make an Ubuntu live USB stick in Fedora?
Audio CDs will not Auto-mount Correctly
Can't get Wireless RT2x00usb driver to work, and can't blacklist it
Various issues linked to my CD drive, when it has a disc in it
How can fix HDMI HDTV overscan when I my TV has no aspect ratio setting?
Synchronizing Contacts and Bookmarks in Ubuntu One Failure
Sharing an internet connection through the Ethernet port
Why won't my linux computers recognize a restarted router without a reboot themselves?
Brasero and K3b: problems to burn data dvd's with files having spaces in its name
How to pause/resume transfer of large files?
How to show the transfer progress and speed when copying files with cp?
Unconfigured package error: Package apache2.2-common is not configured yet
Window preview is not working in DockbarX
Map caps-lock key to middle mouse click
Error installing a package: "trying to overwrite directory /usr/share/pixmaps"
What do the different colors mean in ls?
I updated to Ubuntu 11.04 and It broke my installation
Netbook Remix 10.04 to 10.10 upgrade using alternate iso
Video converter: ogv to avi (or another more common format)
Quick way to temporarily disable compiz and gnome shortcuts
Plans to make Android Apps run on Ubuntu abandoned?
Autostart Firestarter GUI on Boot?
Is it possible to use empathy 2.32 on gnome 2.30?
monitor screen dead.....not even shows bios screen
How can i move an encrypted home directory to another partition?
Boot from USB on a Macbook
How do I create a cube effect for PDF presentation transitions?
How safe is it to install Ubuntu on a Windows 7 PC - repartitioning the disk?
Remove Keyring Popup on Startup
Create a launcher for Kile built from source?
Upgrade vs Clean Install
How can I play mp3 files or videos?
Which graphics driver alternatives do I have for Intel HD Graphics?
Unity doesn't load, no Launcher, no Dash appears
How can I create a new partition with mountpoint by splitting an existing partition?
Stop printing test page everytime on HP PSC 1410
Which partitioning program does Ubuntu use during installation?
Fix for blinking Nvidia GTX 460m?
My mouse wheel has stopped scrolling up and down
DSL connection using networkmanager in KDE does not seem to work
How to layout application icons in the panel?
How can I install 'Revenge of the Titans'?
Can I remove "Free space" text from the Nautilus status bar?
Anti virus / Anti malware software
Is it safe to delete the old kernels from menu.lst?
Remote install of Ubuntu Server
What is taking up so much space on my disk, beside the filesystem?
Network load-balancing with Network Manager
How can I make the network manager automatically connect to a new network?
How do I set up last.fm scrobbling with pianobar?
Arpwatch - no email
Is there a way to detect which workspace you are currently in from the command line?
Remove unity, back to gnome and desktop crash
How do I get Evolution to delete e-mail on Gmail account?
Dual Boot. Broken Windows 7 MBR and Grub
What strategies (especially available software) do you use to keep passwords safe?
How can I have a Bluetooth Keyboard Auto-Connect at Startup?
How to have Debian packaging generate two packages given an upstream source archive?
Customization in Panel
After update, grub is broken
Unable to right click
Installing multiple versions of sun java
Installing a program downloaded as a .tgz
How do I create a permanent Bash alias?
What's a simple/standard way to set up a secondary ubuntu server on the same machine?
How do I set executable permissions on a removable drive?
Where does Ubuntu store its library files?
How can I block ping requests with IPTables?
How to fix boot message [RAID partition] not ready yet?
Wireless iwconfig rate auto too low
How to view and/or edit a .mdb Jet MS Access database file?
Error (in GTK?) when trying to install EclipseXul plugin
How to hide file extensions
LibreOffice RC1 deb package difficulties
Choose another partition for /home directory during installation of Ubuntu?
How to understand the different stages of bootloading?
How to do LAN search similar to Netscan in Windows?
How do I enable desktop visual effects?
How to fix sound in wolfenstein Enemy Territory
How to change path of partition in Grub2
Changing column numbering system in Calc (spreadsheet), Not the formatting
Can I force empathy to open links in default browser?
Synaptics touchpad on my Acer 4530 stop working
Docky isn't running!
How to play wmv3 videos
Touchpad on Dell laptop unresponsive
How to get Xorg to ignore certain input devices?
How to fix GPG error/BADSIG while running apt-get update?
ALT + F2 not behaving correctly
How do I reset my Unity configuration?
What do these apt commands do?
Can some one suggest a software to monitor and maintain record of total internet bandwidth usage
Audio Stutters at gdm
Mobile music playback on android phone keeps buffering
Kyocera FS-2020D printer does not work
Restore synchronized files/folders from Ubuntu One
How can I restore default keyboard shortcuts?
Upgrading to python 3.2
How to replace Adobe Air notifications icons
What is the Kubuntu equivalent for 'Network tools' as in Ubuntu?
How to recreate cache for "APTonCD" after cleaning cache through apt-get clean?
Why isn't my applet initializing in Face Book games?
How can I securely erase a hard drive?
Create encrypted (password protected) zip file
Can't switch on wireless networking
Target filesystem doesn't have requested /sbin/init
Is there an Xpadder equivalent?
Can I sync a Rhythmbox playlist with an mp3 player?
Change swap (potentially with user data) to ext4
Wacom Intuos 3 with Inkscape 0.47
How are bugs in item descriptions in the software centre fixed?
Open Office Mail Merge doesn't work
Problems partitioning new laptop for ubuntu
How can I put the display to sleep on screen lock?
Is there an alternative to XWord for doing NY Times crosswords?
Ubuntu Jeos like minimal image for server with JRE
Why do I need ./ to run an application?
Is it possible to hide drag handles in non-expanded gnome panel?
When is it appropriate to use `dump` vs `rsync`?
User guide for users migrating from Windows?
How to assign the ' Web Browser Shortcut' to Synapse?
Require sudo password for shutdown for one session
What program is good for designing a poster?
Can I get by without a panel?
trim the terminal command prompt working directory
How to integrate Java Web Start to browser?
Is it possible to setup a shortcut for enable/disable wifi?
Toggle wireless network settings with a little script
How to remove a deb without removing its dependencies
Why isn't there a useful JBoss package?
How do I turn my source code into an Ubuntu package and how do I get it in the repositories?
Install disk isn't finishing
Copy-and-paste is often corrupted
How can I check the integrity of a downloaded Ubuntu CD?
Nautilus Elementary wont show "main toolbar"
Share across network to Windows users
Will my current Gnome desktop be preserved when upgrading to 11.04
Physically check ram without rebooting the server?
How to show proper time in Ubuntu Software Centre history
Corrupted/Messed up icons on gnome-panel
What does Ign mean in update manager?
How to disable GUI root login?
Can I downmix stereo audio to mono?
What are "select-by-word" characters?
Open source terminal server to replace MS Terminal Server
How to find the final target of a daisy-chain of symbolic links?
How do I browse a website that uses WebGL?
How do I disable irqbalance?
Screen goes black after VGA change
booting with liveCD not working saying that it can not mount /dev/loop0
What is the best way to keep all your files when moving from Windows to Ubuntu?
How to install (or mock) Internet Explorer?
Can I install Unity on 10.04?
How to list all installed packages
dpkg interrupted error while downloading
Is there any [yahoo + Gmail + Hotmail] "widget" notifier?
Is itoa() available in stdlib.h in Gcc >=4.1?
Will python2.7 be available for 10.04 in the future?
Windows 7 style backup?
Seemed be lost everything after installed ubuntu in my windows 7 computer
Is Ubuntu One getting a new logo to coincide with the new(ish) branding?
Login screen never appears
When will the dash be implimented in Natty development?
Installing MySQL Ruby Gem
wireless not showing up in network manager applet
Restrict access to specific folder on samba
How do I enable sound access for desktop users?
How do you reset/revert system menus back to defaults?
NTFS partitions hidden under EXT4 file system / partition...want to recover files from NTFS
How do I lock/unlock my screen using my iPhone and USB dock?
Hidden parts of recently uninstalled software
Problems with Cisco QuickVPN client
Two identical USB drives auto-mount with different owner group permissons, but why?
Dual screens with one workspace on each?
Should I install Firefox add-ons via the Software Center or the webbrowser?
Can you do keyframed speed changes with video?
How can I test  an app in Unity without installing Ubuntu?
Failed to load module 'nvidia'
How can I use an Epson Stylus C64 printer?
Unable to change display settings
How can I print in black and white in Evince?
Does Visual Studio Express work well with Wine?
How to fix hibernate / suspend with proprietary nVidia driver?
Comparison of various Pitivi video editor project settings
How to fix broken repository information?
ls on grub rescue - unknown filesystem
How to enable 1280x800 resolution in tty?
How do I reset nautilus to the default configuration?
How can I install a real time kernel?
How can I rip an audio CD to an ISO image?
Mounting NTFS External Drive with Bit Locker
Is there a way of organize file in Trash by delete-date?
How to remove/change saved SVN passwords?
How can I run Unity in a virtual machine?
Watching a DVD?
What is the minimum requirement to compile Kernel modules
What are the differences between Desktop, Server, and Alternate Installs?
Synaptic and Software Centre Segmentation fault
Converting from Kubuntu to Ubuntu in old install: Fixing the desktop
How do I install both Firefox beta and Minefield on the same machine?
How do I open a terminal in the current location?
Can I use ping to see real time drop rates?
How do I type a path or URL directly into Nautilus?
Where can I find Gwibber problems to fix?
How do I change the font size in Conky?
How can I prevent Desktop Users from connecting to new wireless networks?
How can I prevent Desktop Users from accessing any online website?
Chromium stopped working
How can I share this local site to not use a sub directory?
Strange sound of hard disk
Are 20GB packs available without owning a suitable mobile?
HDD Transfer Speed Reduced when transfering Lots and Lots of Files
Video doesn't show up when using dual monitor on Acer netbook
When will Ubuntu One be available in German and other languages?
How to move Windows inside Ubuntu without reinstalling?
How do I get a SB X-Fi Xtreme Audio CA0110 working?
How to persistently export an environment variable before starting compiz
How to disable an "always there" program if it isn't in the processes list?
How do I upgrade MySQL to 5.5, am I best off waiting for it to be available through apt-get?
No kernel modesetting detected, can only boot Xorg in fail safe graphics mode with intel video card?
How to disable auto play MP3 files?
How can I switch between windows of the same application?
How to limit internet speed?
Copy and paste does not work well
How to open a remote python program from terminal by ssh?
.exe file permission fail
xrandr: Can't add new mode
I can't open program from remote computer, why?
External USB 2.0 drive formatted as ext4 periodically "freezes" if files are not read or written
How to add NTFS partition to fstab?
How do I change the name of a file once I have uploaded it to the Ubuntu One Cloud?
What is the difference between a desktop environment and a window manager?
Ubuntu One notifies me every ten minutes that my account is full but there is nothing in it
Error in Software Sources 404 Not Found
How can I sync my home folder "both ways" using rsync
Ubuntu Extras keyring error
I cannot install or remove any packages because I keep getting this error: subprocess installed pre-removal script returned error exit status 127
Where is the link for the Ubuntu One for Windows?
Can I export Shotwell pictures database saving all the tags?
After GRUB loads linux: No init found
How can I change the default location of content directories (eg Pictures, Templates, Music)  in my home folder?
How do I install OpsView?
Why is Ubuntu running slowly on this computer?
Wired network connection active, but Firefox not detecting connection
How do I configure Ruby on Rails to Always use mySQL as the default database?
Suggestion for an application to do our company car fleet management
An alternative to the Super key on an old keyboard
How do I set up my laptop for dual boot?
start/stop taking too much time
Will Unity be considered as interface for Kubuntu?
How to write an fstab line for full access to an NTFS drive?
Lubuntu as an official derivative of Ubuntu
How can I enable flick to scroll?
Livecd (liveusb) ramdisk size
Syntek Web Cam is not found
Is there a quality-saving photo zoom plugin for GIMP?
How to convince friends using Windows and Mac to switch to Ubuntu
Size of partitions during Ubuntu install
How to set Dolphin selected entry active?
How to install Wacom Intous 4 driver?
Minimize fullscreen application
How to reboot into Windows from Ubuntu?
How do I switch to Unicode entry mode?
Very low webcam framerate in Dell Mini 10
How to change desktop settings back after using gksudo nautilus?
Generate powerpoint slides automatically
Black screen after "Lock Screen"
H264 video looks interlaced
Program to press a key at timed intervals
How can I see the last time a program was run?
How to move a LAMP setup to a new Ubuntu server?
How to fake a package version installed?
Can you recommend a good tutorial on building custom package versions?
How can I get my Microsoft Wireless Mobile Mouse to work?
Is there a good Ambience theme for Xubuntu (XFCE, XFWM)?
How to correctly remove a PPA source?
Keyboard properties: What does "Add default action to Menu key" mean?
Volume control command
Can't access external hard drives or thumb drives
How to set-up Xubuntu to show Applications menu on desktop right-click?
How to prevent system applications (like the Software Center) from asking for password?
Problem with wake after suspend using USB remote
How can I automount my hard disk partitions?
Blocking Remote Login
Jumping to Address Bar in Nautilus Like F6 in Windows
Pasting Clipboard Contents into Terminal
OKI-B2540 printer doesn't print?
Moving windows from the keyboard
How to change Ubuntu into Lubuntu?
No sound when monitor is turned off
Visual effects are not highlighted
How to get Racket in Maverick?
Audio input disappears randomly
Is the copy speed from ext4 to NTFS the same as from NTFS to NTFS?
Losing SSH connection when exiting from the main console login
Maverick userland under Lucid 10.04 for newer X11 and graphics use
Simple gnome panel applet to fetch data periodically over http?
Uninstall Evince while retaining update and upgrade ability
Rebuild accidentally deleted /dev
How do I set up my own local update repository?
Desktop settings lost after unclean shutdown
determining the source for a package upgrade
Ubuntu restricting download speed to 15kbps
List of free MMOs for Ubuntu
Can I overamplify a microphone input?
Creating .xpi file for FF
screen resolution and dual monitors
Broken RMVB file not allows to use progress bar in "Movie Player" 
Wired connection not working
I Can´t boot into Ubuntu Strange Error
How do I hide a user from the login list?
Can I import contacts without syncing?
Expect script that enters a username and password
Splash Screen Not Showing Up?
Can't get my Blue Snowflake Mic to work
Gnome indicator applet not showing same items on two computers
Installing indicator-network loses network devices
awn - icons from theme?
How to resize the Unity launcher?
Setting up Dual Screen Vesa
Nautilus doesn't see setgid
Unity under NX?
How to enable Moonlight?
How to install OTF fonts?
How to lock workstation in Xubuntu?
Dbus-daemon using too much RAM
How to customize files context menu in Xubuntu XFCE Thunar file manager?
How to delete all files that are returned by locate
How can I find out what RAM a computer system has?
What information can be extracted from this system crash trace
How to understand the flow of USB detection?
Binding mouse buttons to copy and paste
How to view dvi files with evince
rake command line
Which package should I use to file a bug for the "application" menu?
Nokia paired via bluetooth AND windows after reboot — possible?
How to incrementally update a live-usb?
How to set up Java-based services for startup?
How do I get an SB X-Fi Xtreme Audio CA0110 working again after a kernel update?
What is nux and what's it used for?
Does anybody know software for customising audio themes?
No sound after installing a new Graphics Card
How to set which application is launched by xdg-open?
How to use Ubuntu in full screen mode on virtualbox?
Will Natty have the netbook-edition Icons?
How to quietly install LDAP on Ubuntu client
What can I change/investigate where the install does not complete?
How do I increase console-mode resolution?
In which directories does GNOME Do look?
Is there a fix for Jockey failing to download package indexes?
Shutter's --selection command line option is missing
How to hide (in Thunar and Nautilus) a directory without putting a dot in its name?
Are there easier ways to report about malfunctions experienced while using Ubuntu other than using particular bug trackers?
Howto convert audio files to *.m4a?
Expanding your home directory size
Is there an explanation, including diagrams, of Ubuntu's USB stack?
How can I repair casper-rw file system file in LiveUSB
How to add music to an image with mencoder
No grub entry for Windows 7 after installing maverick
What's the recommended way to configure a Synaptics touchpad device?
Can I log to a non-default shell?
Ubuntu One Music app for Android not displaying artwork
How do I get musical backing tracks to be heard in videos I take with Cheese?
Nagios3 crashes with SIGSEGV
Where should I start in tracking down Firefox malware
What PDF viewers are available for Ubuntu?
How to upgrade to a newer version of a package than is available in the repository?
How to solve this problem starting new Opera-windows on dual monitor-setup?
How can I make another pdf viewer default for pdf files?
Error when plugging iPod Touch into MacBook
Where can I get an application to work with my kml files?
How do I resize my current ubuntu partition?
Windows 7 Virtualized on Ubuntu Server
can I turn off window grouping with dockbarx?
Error out of disk, grub rescue
How to make Google SketchUp work with Intel graphics in Wine?
How can I fix the login error (P2P connect failed) on Skype?
When will Natty Narwhal 11.04 be stable to use?
Can I set a delay on startup sounds?
Installing suggested/recommended packages?
Why does BADSIG/GPG error keep appearing again and again?
Built-in microphone not detected?
What will be the default set of package management tools in future versions of Ubuntu?
How to avoid problems when installing Ubuntu and Windows 7 in dual-boot?
Is My Filesystem Corrupt or Something?
How do I restore Grub after Windows has deleted it
Laptop freezes on boot, not sure where to start
Vostro 3400 touchpad multiple gesture and two finger scrolling not working
Is there any known problems with PCI-E based SSD disks?
Get root privileges for nautilus on sftp connection
Which kernel to use for server VM running on ESX
Utility/Sniffer to track internet traffic/speed of all PCs in local network
How do I make my intous 4 wacom affect only one Monitor?
Dialing into multiple PPP connections
Can't drag/drop applications to a different desktop
Malware scanner for Ubuntu
How to stop gnome-power-manager from changing the global backlight setting?
Ubuntu Netbook installation fails on Allocate Drive Space screen, No Root File System is Defined
Program menu disappeared
cannot open output file test: Is a directory collect2: ld returned 1 exit status
What piece of the last update could break keyboard switcher, systray, clipboard and Adobe Flash in Xubuntu 11.04?
Can I let maximized windows reach behind the gnome-panel?
My Appearance theme briefly changes itself
How to downgrade gtk+2.0 package to workaround bug #693758?
Update manager stuck in update
Encrypting an extra partition with ecryptfs?
How can I get rid off this slight red border in Progress-GUI?
There's an issue with an Alpha/Beta Release of Ubuntu, what should I do?
How to prevent updating of a specific package?
How do I get the skype panel icon back?
Lenovo ThinkPad T400 and docking station
how to install the greasemonkey in google chrome / opera / midori?
Problems trying to move my /home partition
No graphics after installing Nvidia driver
Bookmarks in Places menu now open in Firefox instead of nautilus
Adding pages to existing pdf file
For what duration is sudo_root in "don't-prompt-for-password" mode?
Pipe error with bash script called from python
Since that last kernel upgrade X uses too much RAM
Printing a poster (over several sheets of paper)
How to make videos seekable with ffmpeg / mencoder
Can I use apt-get or aptitude to install software to non standard location?
Monitoring of Network
How can I keep a command I started from the shell running if I logout from the shell?
How to load a `zenity` List Dialog with space-embedded data from `ls`?
eee900 Keyboard Issues
Hindi Keyboard layout is missing combined characters
Subtitle are not working in vlc
Atheros wireless not working
Unable to mount Audio Disc
Sound card restriction
How can place Firefox’s tab close buttons on the left?
Canonical support for linux-headers package
Can't change Capslock setting, always resets itself back to "Disabled"
How do I install .run files?
How to encrypt external devices using a cross-platform solution?
Ubuntu version for browsing pages on low-end netbook
Shared Folders in Virtualbox
Install 10.10 Netbook Edition on Eee PC [1015] using a USB HDD
Setting up Ubuntu One address book
How to remove or hide the GRUB boot menu?
freeBSD bootable CD/USB from Ubuntu
Conky forecast F C output
Can't connect to desktop via ssh
MP3 player mpman TS300 not recognized
Ubuntu Moblin:There is no log in button on my web services! Please help!
How can I create an alias so that when I enter "kt" it executes "killall gnome-terminal"?
How to enable the shadow of the top Gnome panel?
How can I view or start Java Web Start Applications?
How often are packages updated in Lucid?
How to debug a pcmcia-scsi adaptor issue with a slide scanner?
Running Apache and Tomcat together on different subdomains?
Gaming with ATI open-source drivers
How to include applications/software in Canonical Partners repo?
How to correctly add a custom daemon to init.d?
What do the various dpkg flags like 'ii' 'rc' mean?
Why does update-mime-database complain about uri/rtspt and other unusual types?
What happens when we uncomment GRUB_DISABLE_LINUX_UUID=true?
Rhythmbox not saving the album art permanently
How to fix indicator icons from being cut off?
Redirect only Skype audio to Bluetooth?
Is it possible to "reset" the badblocks?
Updates kill Keyboard and mouse
Too many Python processes running
How can I change Dropbox's indicator applet icon?
Passing sed to a temporary variable
Is there a way to take influence on behavior of bash history?
Best Graphics Card For Ubuntu
How to replace whitespaces in a filename?
How to display shadows behind text?
Video Bug after a fresh installation
ps aux as non-root doesn't show all processes
How to delete files bypassing trash
Which tool to crop a portion of the screen?
How to Safely Update the ATi Propietary Drivers?
How can I get wireless working on an HP-Mini 110-3150?
Can't configure wireless now that WPA2 is enabled!
Unable to use Unity
IDE for libpurple (Pidgin)?
Ubuntu One music app/subsonic and mp3 tag issues
How to remove CD/DVD image from Virtual Media Manager in Virtualbox?
How to archive/play DVD with menus and all to disk?
Enable only 802.11b/g in a 802.11n in atheros wireless card
How to get non-delayed sound and VOIP working in ETQW?
Should I align partitions on an SSD, if so how do I do it at install time?
Recommended storage scheme for home server? (LVM/JBOD/RAID 5...)
How to enable TRIM?
Banshee displayed in song menu but does not show currently playing song
How do I removed the keyring popup when I am accessing vino?
How to connect to DSL modem using PPPoE?
Setting up ad hoc wifi connection
Is a 40GB SSD practical to use for ' / '
Any way to get a fresh ubuntu desktop without re-installing?
How to control gnome's auto mounting capabilities
How to enter the Default Keyring password via the command line?
Wubi doens't work anymore - shows 'No wubildr' error
Wireless problems with Atheros AR9285
How can you broadcast a network share (ftp/sftp/webdav) so that it shows up in nautilus for other users
Is there a way to check if a program is available in the repository by commandline?
Text expander program
How do I get a Rosewill RNX-N2LX wireless adapter working?
Differences between Qt and GTK programs?
How to set resolution higher than maximum shown?
Realtime noise-removal with PulseAudio?
Login speed varies over time
Gujarat Fonts - Indic
Network Access: I can't access 192.168.1.101 from 192.168.1.102
Why do I have to reconnect my usb router cable?
Monitor turns off when I unplug from AC power, how do I stop this?
Indexing File Contents
How to show context menu when right-click released?
Is there a way to suppress one specific message from syslog?
Why won't Opera let me use the Ubuntu font?
How do I install Inventel UR056g usb wifi?
Can I change the name of the guake tab to show the current command?
SD Card only mounted after a reboot
3D graphics don't work with Sis Mirage graphics chip
How to undo an improper purge?
Best way to set up a haskell development platform
How do I open a file browser in the Netbook Edition?
Permanently mounting Windows' NTFS partition, fully enabled
Using "Oblivion" color scheme from gedit in Kate
Looking for information about upcoming dockbarx releases
How can I speed up boot on one of my machines?
How do I remove ndiswrapper completely?
LAN visibility and network sharing
How to create the xml file for podcasting?
How do I use Rogers Nokia CS-18 rocket stick?
XFCE4 Network Manager
Ubuntu on the Sony Vaio VPCY 21S1E
switch from Netbook Edition 10.10 to Desktop Edition?
Is Apache server part of default installation?
Snippet code manager like Snippets?
Cannot install build essential from the CD?
Security problem with sudo su?
Disk utility running for a long time
Is it recommended to apply the new said-great 200 line Linux kernel patch?
Problem uploading a file to Ubuntu One using the web interface
Nautilus only starts as root user
How to start mp3info-gtk
Some commands are not working in vim
Why does Firefox Return 'Server Not Found', and SeaMonkey Loads URL Perfectly?
Does the Ubuntu One sync work?
Error mounting: mount exited with exit code 13
How to create and maintain patch on Debian package?
How can I make a command run once the next time I log in?
What version of syslog does Ubuntu 10.04.1 install default?
Synchronizing (updating) published files
How do you limit root partition disk access to allow drive to go into standby mode?
Video stabilisation software
Dovecot service stopped
How would I change the date format in Empathy?
PPTP VPN connection with dd-wrt terminates
How can I start RhythmBox minimized?
What is better Ubuntu Tweak or Software center?
Laptop Screen does not turn on after sleep
How to mount an internal HDD on start-up?
More than 2gb of Music without paid plan possible?
How to install hedgewars 0.9.15?
How to access phpMyAdmin after installation?
AWN displaying window icons even when Display Launchers Only selected
Files lost after reboot in Windows
Built-in ethernet card is not detected
Hide the gnome-panel on one of the workspaces
How to prevent wireless network asking password when briefly out of range
What's the official name for that area on the top of the screen?
Which Large File System Format to use for USB Flash drive compatible with Ubuntu/Mac/Windows?
Why can't I install 10.04 on a system that already has 8.04?
How to upload a qmake-based package to my PPA?
Closer Aero-snap in ubuntu
Install Haskell (hugs) - Package not found
Files inside Alias folder not accessible
What is the quickest way to indent a block of text with spaces for use within a web browser?
App to use with geotagged photos? (GPS info in EXIF)
How do I use Haskell (hugs)?
bisig PPA causing 404 error?
Slow Wireless Reconnect After Suspend
Upgrade from 10.04 to 10.10 on netbook: now or later?
Easily create slideshow?
MP3 files cut off in the Ubuntu One Android app
How to install Revolution R Enterprise, an rpm, when alien fails?
What is the default file system of /var/run, /var/lock
Can't locate enemy-territory in terminal?
How to change a particular path from the environment variable PATH?
Mouse and Keyboard Freeze
Can't upgrade or install software after installing Firefox 4
How to compile the source code for gnu typist?
How do I know if my system is capable of playing 24bit/96kHz sound?
The best choice of linux file system and software that can be accesed from Windows
Is init.d "safe" enough to use or should i use `runit` or `daemontools` on a server
Different methods to secure eject removable usb drive?
What's source/binary overrides in Debian packaging?
How can I get the original contents of applications.menu and settings.menu?
Microsoft OneNote alternative?
Should I choose 10.04 LTS or 10.10?
Wireless internet security
Why is this bypassing the SUDO password?
Is there an app which links memo-notes to a window, based on the window's title?
Online photo gallery for Ubuntu One?
How to upgrade VirtualBox to the latest version?
KMenu & shell script
Cannot Access modem configuration page
How do you install a USB CD Rom drive?
How to close ports / disable services?
How to access USB in VirtualBox running Windows XP as guest OS
WUBI problem: when boot "no wubir"
Is there an FTP client (GUI) that will let me search for text inside files?
Create secure working environment on USB stick
Grub Boot Error After Ubuntu Update
Automatic desktop/work environment setup
How to recover data from a failing hard drive?
Laptop not syncing with Ubuntu One
How to fix missing menus in non ubuntu maverick apps
Is there a way to find out which package was responsible for a DependecyPackageInstallation?
How do I get a matching theme when I run a program as root?
How do I enable a user to sudo without password?
How to enable or disable services?
How to convert rmvb to mp4? (or, why ffmpeg doesn't work?)
Nautilus won't browse my USB hard drive unless I double click it twice
Improving mdadm RAID-6 write speed
Is it possible to pay the ubuntu one storage with PayPal?
No entry for / in /etc/fstab
Web developing- Strange happenings
How to activate WebGL in Chromium Beta?
How do I count the clicks of the mouse buttons?
How to block internet access for wine applications?
What is the proper way to Windows 7/Ubuntu 10.10 Dual-Triple Boot Partitioning for Laptop OEM?
Mouse running amok
How to diagnose usb issue
Cannot enable Firefox "submit crash report" option
Lost /boot partition
Can't access Ubuntu's shared folders from Windows 7
GNOME alternatives / equivalent for Klipper?
Recommended installation for Asus EEE 1015PEM Netbook
Installing Ubuntu on a SSD
Ubuntu (and any other linux os) not booting from cd or usb
Brightness control not working on HP Pavilion dm3t (Intel GMA 4500MHD)
Guide to installing a fully encrypted file system?
What's the meaning of "-pae" at the end of kernel version?
Adding a dir to the PATH for my account everywhere
Run the system configuration once the system has been installed
Is there a command to close a terminal window via commandline?
My name no longer appears on gnome-panel
U1 music shows unknown artist, how can I make it recognize m4a files?
How can I expand a partition into non adjacent free space using GParted?
How can I force Brasero to keep my mp3 playlist order of songs when I burn it?
PIN request at each login after update to Maverick
Mount NTFS partition with german umlaute
Mount a VirtualBox drive image (vdi)?
How do I build MySQL server (5.5.8 is current latest)
Shareware in Ubuntu repositories? (RAR)
Internet connection through Bluetooth PAN profile?
What is the "Waiting Channel" of a process?
How to get back the brightness-notification when changing brightness via hotkeys?
Set up multiple intranet sites
Netbook partitioning scheme suggestions
Using capitals in my username?
Can't set 1280x1024 with Nvidia Geforce 8400 GS
Which Norton Commander style filemanager do you recommend?
Why is my wi-fi still not working?
No Wine menu showing up in main menu
Kernel compile error with iw_ndis.c
What are some good GUI binary viewers/editors?
Installing/configuring mysql server nightmare
How do I add a kernel boot parameter?
Is it possible to setup auto-detection of HDMI?
Where did Mercurial install to?
Problem detecting mic on SONY VIOS PCG 7192L
My webcam stopped working, how do I fix it?
Text editor with coloring to highlight "non-parameters" in conf files?
Reasonable size for "filesystem reserved blocks" for non-OS disks?
Error while loading mongodb
What does the second column in the output of 'ls -n' mean?
Best log file monitoring tool for ubuntu server
How to format FAT32 filesystem infected with windows virus and that is write protected
How to read Nero InCD CD-RW disks?
How do you diagnose constant crashing issues?
Default location of web site content
Dual monitors and command line
Will a system restore fix constant crashing/freezing issues?
How can I play a DVD-A (DVD-Audio) disc?
How can I use the Windows (Super) key?
What are the meta, super, and hyper keys?
How can I connect my HP Photosmart C3100 printer in 10.04 (regression from 9.x)
GRUB2 panic: "No such partition"
Moonlight stopped working on tvp.pl
Is there a virus scanner for scanning Windows files?
How can I assign actions to all my mouse buttons?
Is Unity a Desktop Environment?
How to access files on a drive from an older system, mounted in a new system?
How to access MySql on Windows from Ubuntu?
Asus netbook: Should CPUID Speed limit should be enabled
How to list Windows shares from terminal?
How do I share NFS mounts over zeroconf?
How do I make my volume indicator operate in decibels instead of percentage?
Ubuntu 10.10 not normal boot screen
"Page Size" and "Orientation" are disabled when printing from some applications
What's the best filesystem to share between OS X and Ubuntu?
Log out in Kubuntu puts me to a black srceen
Differences between GRUB, GRUB2 and BURG
How to enable OpenGL 2.0 and WebGL on GMA 3150?
How do I get a SB X-Fi Xtreme Audio driver to support microphone? 
Access NTFS partitions without providing root password?
How can I do individual file encryption on Dropbox?
How to access photos from my Genius G-Shot P7545 camera?
Touchpad does not work in Lenovo 4152
Ubuntu One, compressed files
Good php editor
Split large file, have arbitrary start index number
Using GWibber as "desktop background"?
Installing APC on lighttpd + php 5.2
How to install correctly another Linux flavour (in my case PCLinuxOS) together with installed Ubuntu?
wakeonlan from remote host
grub shows same linux image twice
Why documentation says release is 11.04 instead of 10.10
Problem with APTonCD application
How do I use Ubuntu One beta in Windows
will you be able to drag unwanted files unto the trash on the unity Launcher?
Panel not found [installed netbook edition by mistake]
Installing RubyGems 1.9.1
Can you add separators to Docky?
Resuming from hibernation shows a fuzzy "static" screen
Questions asked during update or upgrade
Modify Multiple Images From Console
Acer 7551g - hibernation and suspending don't work
Command line option to check which filesystem I am using?
How to close lid without triggering standby one time only
Flashplugin works on youtube but not on website I belong to to watch training videos
Any way to consolidate multiple .Trash directories
Using Ubuntu One to synchronise htdocs?
Difference between dhclient & dhclient3?
Change Keybindings (hardware to software)
How can I mount a VirtualBox harddisk?
Disadvantages of using custom patched kernel
Skip hitting enter at the boot option and directly boot the system
Extremely slow upload speeds in nautilus with FTP
System displays "File system maintenance error, press ctrl+d" while booting
What is needed for a networked home printer?
How to log in after wrongly modifying path
How to view results of last clamscan scan?
Broken Packages: php-apc: Depends: phpapi-20090626+lfs
"BAD idea" warning when trying to recover Grub, after Windows removed it
Setting up ubuntu as a wireless accesspoint
How can I listen to a specific signal in Rhythmbox?
SVN with Lighttpd web server?
Can't access any functions after chown command
How to activate pagination for ls command?
Possible to automatically display the correct days of the week?
How to configure Xchat and IRC server to transfer files?
How do I get one monitor on top of the other?
U1 bandwidth limit not enforced
Differences between fish and bash to pass commandline arguments to alias functions?
"sudo cd ..." one-liner?
Is there an alternative to rEFIt?
Using another browser than w3m for reading HTML helpfiles?
Where does Ubuntu store the picture that I set as my desktop?
Problem with installing programs
How can I make a shortcut key to disable the mouse pad?
Which Audioplayer do you recommend to listen Audiobooks?
Fast file copier with Samba support?
How does one set up a MIDI keyboard
Synaptic opens with "starting without Administrative privileges
How do I change fonts and adjust their size?
How to reinitialize a terminal window instead of closing it and starting a new one?
How can I automatically shutdown the system after a specific time?
Unused services to disable after a fresh installation?
Automatically close application after custom time?
How can I Fix the CD/DVD refresh for the media drive so that it is recognized automatically?
Restoring GRUB2 on Software RAID 0 using LiveCD after Windows 7 wiped it
Computer shows up twice, connection unknown
Duplicated entries in Ubuntu One
filesystem types for partitions
apt-get update stuck on "Waiting for Headers" when using Windows XP ICS
For better performance should I install 32-bit or 64-bit?
How to reinstall Ubuntu keeping my data intact?
Music bought from ubuntu one music store stuck on "Transferring to your Ubuntu One storage"
Monitor turning off instead of activating the screensaver, how do I prevent it?
How can one get involved in the Ubuntu Brainstorm team?
Likewise: joined Active Directory but cannot write shares
How can I show the msn user picture in Empathy?
Is there a PPA for vim 7.3?
Which architecture should I install on x86 64bit machine?
Prevent new options being added to grub after kernel updates?
Screen is rotated. How to adjust it?
How to automate mysql backups?
How do you edit a full GNOME Panel?
PC noisy due to high load - why?
Adding icon to the system tray (notification area)
Is there a way to enable the media keys when the screen is locked?
How do you setup the driver for a Philips based TV capture card?
How do you globally set the default browser using KDE4?
Booting but not rebooting from external USB hard drive, what could be the problem?
Ubuntu ONE (Windows BETA) locks up - What to do?
Is there an official Ubuntu free technical support team?
How to identify and kill hanging process, when system hangs and reacts slowly on user input?
My external HD is not showing up
Can't see the subtitles in totem
Why does Chrome have so many processes on my machine?
How do you connect remotely from another country?
Is there a Sticky Note application?
How do you resolve the error "E: Unmet dependencies."?
USB Audio Device Loopback Through Speakers
Getting vga_switcheroo with ATI Mobility Radeon 5650 HD to work
Whats the simplest way to edit and add files to "/var/www"?
Use two networks at the same time?
How to make a disk image and restore from it later?
Beep in shell script not working?
Is it possible to use two different shells for different terminal windows?
How to show gnome-terminal menubar?
Command to open a URL?
How can I tether my android phone with pdanet to my laptop via usb?
Opening DocX Files
Installation doesn't start, kernel thread helper message and blinking keyboard LEDs
Installing on Snow Leopard?
How can I make a webmail be my default email client?
How can I mirror/flip display output?
How to install an alternative display manager?
newly added files don't sync down
Can my xubuntu installation be converted to standard Ubuntu?
How to have double click on title bar maximize/restore behavior?
I cannot change the grub Default item from OS-1, but I can from OS-2 (dual-boot 10.04 on both)
How to set the monitor to its native resolution which is not listed in the resolutions list?
How can I get the Unity interface to work on my netbook?
How can I change the "timeout" duration for Nautilus "find the filename as you type" feature?
Error with missing Wallpaper after remove unity from sudo command
Hard disk makes weird noises during installation
Will "apt-get upgrade" also upgrade my PHP version?
Alt+F2 (Run Application) doesn't work for custom commands
How to configure phpMyAdmin to access multiple servers?
How to restart nautilus without logging out?
Getting SigmaTel STAC9227 front audio jacks to work
How do you change thunderbird temporary file storage?
No Panel when I boot-up, after running "Remember Currently Running Applications"
Recent unreliable wireless connection
How to sync Google Calendar and Evolution mail?
ffmpeg options: -acodec libfaac -ab 192k produce 150kbit files?
Is music store successful?
When will ratings and review for Ubuntu Software Center start?
How do you assign commands to keys in Terminal?
libgtk2.0-common fails to build with Gdk-2.0.gir error, Type reference 'GdkPixbuf' not found
Battery loading state on command line?
KeyTouch remaps the delete key
Firefox application associations not working in the 'Downloads' window
gzip is not working after the pipeline
Add binding to fish that not auto executes the string?
How to set the external monitor as the default Monitor when dualmonitor is enabled?
Do Dpkg and apt-get install dependencies?
Are there any todo list desktop widgets?
Differences between doublequotes " ", singlequotes ' ' and backticks ´ ´ on commandline?
Does Ubuntu Desktop 32Bit Support more than 4GB Memory with default installation?
How to see the actual memory and its properties (slot position, size, speed...)
How to assign correct permissions to both webserver and svn users?
Why won't Cairo-Dock recognize the icons for Chrome app links?
How can I stream music from a Mac to Ubuntu?
Issues installing synapse launcher
Sudo and startup script
What's the difference between insmod and modprobe?
How to collect all the "txt" and "log" files using find?
Is there any program that shows all hardware?
Connecting Yahoo mail with Evolution
DBus error when accessing FTP from Nautilus
How can I force fish to save new key bindings persistently after closing a terminal window?
Evolution vs. Webmail?
Problem installing eclipse-platform
How can I speed up the graphic display on an HP Mini 110 series?
How can I find out what kind of card reader I have?
Cannot type with Apple Bluetooth Keyboard
Why shouldn't /var/www have chmod 777
Easy way to change apache www location
Mini.iso Install on to Diskless Machine with NFS Mounted Volume
No sound when running in Parallels 6
Synaptics Touchpad problem when disabling it and then enabling it
How to stop Mod4-P from switching the display?
Automatically suspend if no one is logged in for 30 minutes
How do I subscribe to a bug?
How to remove configuration files completely
How do I boot to a windows recovery partition from GRUB on a Toshiba computer?
How to disable expand animation on appearance of cairo dock?
Transfer an image file of more than 5GB
Ubuntu install problem: "USB disconnect address 2"
Why does my system show blank screen during startup?
How can I disable checksum feature in brasero?
Does Wine 1.3.X have a PPA for Natty
Will wine get intergration into Unity Dash? And if so, how?
USB Microscopes
Which Ubuntu version for PostgreSQL?
Move files in subdir to another dir
GUI for watching logs (tail and grep)
Show total disk space needed for installation including Dependency Package sizes?
Hard disk failure error on SMART status. how can i fix it?
questions about dual-boot install Ubuntu 10.04 and Windows 7 on same hard drive
How to make Nautilus name column display at the width of the longest filename
Bluetooth emulator
How do I install javahl?
Which application do you recommend for watching TV (DVB)?
Rhythmbox plugin code for hot key not working - why?
Chrome mistakenly downloads localhost/wordpress pages, but Firefox doesn't
How do I see which apps are running?
Packard Bell Easynote NJ65 not saving gamma Setup
CompizConfig Manager missing Burn and Explode effects
How to run an application at startup as a certain user?
Can you use an Ubuntu Live CD to fix windows FAT32 problems?
Dealing with three Windows partitions in dual boot installation
Can't get spellcheck to work in any program?
eth0 not working on startup
Running a mono program without typing in 'mono foo.exe'
What happened to Android Execution Environment?
How can I determine which GPU card is running at PCI Express 2.0 x16 & which is using x8?
reinstalling phpmyadmin
Help to setup networking in Virtualbox Ubuntu Guest from Windows vista Host
How do I set up multi seat?
`power/persist` file not found in USB device sysfs directory
How do I set the CPU frequency scaling governor for all cores at once?
How to get the 10.10 Ambiance theme on 10.04
Convert DVD to MKV (et al) without transcoding/recompression
Ubuntu One Sync for multiple folders in Windows, not just the Ubuntu One folder
Lotus Notes 8.5.2 won't start
How do I stop icons appearing on the desktop in a particular area?
Ubuntu One not getting connected
How to re-mount a different partition as /home?
Can I use Visa Electron to pay for ubuntu one service?
How to switch between chat windows in Kadu?
Auto-Invoke Update Manager to update everything and shutdown after system idle for x minutes?
How to make xinput settings persist after devices are unplugged, replugged, and after shutdown, restart, etc?
Can I control where default focus is for an application?
Is there an equivalent to TotalCmd?
Disable Wired When Wireless is UP
How do I get HDMI audio working on a Zotac MAG HD-ND01-U?
Are there any Apps to run Kodak ESP 3250?
I haven't received my verification code from Ubuntu One & tried 3 e-mail addresses!
Name resolution on home LAN?
Where are panel launchers located?
Looking for BIND web interface
Gtk SpinButtion in a Toolbar
"Adding Printer" dialog asks for root password?
Videos have blue faces when I play them
Ubuntu Netbook - I can't see panels
How do I add artists to the Ubuntu One store?
Can you delete the Humanity icon theme safely?
Why don't 8.04 panel launchers work on 10.04
How to run a script without closing the terminal?
What does this icon mean in the UbuntuOne sign up screen?
Do I have to unmount not-linux partitions?
Running 32-bit app under 64-bit linux
Printer Canon MP540 succesfully added finally but doesn't print? (Attached Debug log)
How to change video codec that is being use for videos?
VMWare Workstation 6.5.5 Install Freezes
What exact purpose have transitional packages?
System time off by a small amount
How to make xlock use the first key I hit as a part of my password
How to change the position of the volume up/down/mute notification popup?
Change of default applications during upgrade
Should I enable root account for rsync?
How Do I interpret HDD S.M.A.R.T Results?
How to sync an already converted video to ipod touch 4.1
Position at central workspace on login
Is there a public list anywhere of people who have signed the Canonical Contributor Agreement?
Can i Install new emoticons on Ubuntu as in Kubuntu?
The window of calender is out of the screen
Clock in Apache doesn't match system time
Find and replace text within a file using commands
Opening Skype, Opera, OpenOffice logs me off
How to get USC-package-info through php or javascript?
VirtualBox host: Ubuntu vs. Windows XP
Installed Sun Java 6 - configuration problem when running as sudo
Teamviewer in notification area only
Has anyone got "Creative Soundblaster X-Fi Surround 5.1 Pro" - (usb Interface) installed?
How can a user get write access to "/sys"?
How can I pin osd-lyrics to the Desktop?
Compiz antialiasing with xserver-xorg-video-radeon?
Disable root account in Ubuntu?
Cron scheduling: Is the hour argument in 24h format?
Move Installation to new disk
Would you recommend to install libcupsys2_1.3.9-17ubuntu3.9_all.deb?
How can I download an entire website?
Win 2-7 Plymouth Bootsplash problem
Diffrence between two dirs?
Hide .desktop files from shares in VirtualBox
How can I get html code from the web with vala(gtk)?
Tool to search for packages whose installed version does not match any version from a repository?
How to configure Ubuntu with Standard TV?
How to install Vendetta Online?
How do I completely get rid of Gnome panel?
GNOME MPlayer DivX plugin does not work
How to turn off trash?
Install applications on LiveCD/USB
Concatenating several .mp3 files into one .mp3
Script for an incremental file system backup
Is it okay to upload a binary 'source' archive to Launchpad for building?
LibreOffice takes 30 seconds to start. OO started almost immediately
Security considerations for a default install?
How can I find the location (on the desktop) of a window on the command line?
How to determine the version and origin of proprietary drivers installed by Additional Drivers?
Why I can't access partition on which I have installed it?
bootable USB / installation requirements
How do I get a Boxee Remote working?
Chroot into a 32-bit version of Ubuntu from a 64-bit host
trying to overwrite '*', which is also in package faenza-icon-theme 0.8
Why is more than 3GB of RAM not recognised when using amd64?
How to automount hard disks without the need for password at login?
How to create a s3ql file system and mount it automatically on boot?
Will Ubuntu work out on my mother's computer?
Redirect the output using `sudo`
How to configure TV and video recording and pausing?
How to lock xscreensaver on suspend
Should I comment out these lines in the default rsnapshot configuration?
Set default browser to OPEN browser
After turning off the modem must juggle
How to upgrade Ubuntu using the Live CD?
Desktop Icons won't display in all virtual desktops
"Backup Intervals" in rsnapshot.conf?
What does snapshot_root do?
Moving to New Machine... also upgrade to 64bit. What steps?
VNC client not working -- Not able to see the changes happening on the other side
Renoise and dssi and jack
How can I specify a dependency between 2 versions of a package?
why does my UbuntuOne sync only upload folders and zero content?
Mouse and keyboard slow to recognize with KVM switch
Permissions issues with mounting remote server into a specific folder
How do you erase the ghost of a section of the HD?
How to close multiple nautilus folders that are opening automatically after login?
Gparted not working in live CD (usb)
Can't Boot, video drivers or x-server problem?
Does upgrading alter partitions?
Files don't sync with U1
Rails version not shown post installation
Problems creating a debdiff
How to create a diff of a file between it's current and the latest tagged version in bzr?
Is there a command-line utility app which can find a specific block of lines in a text file, and replace it?
Cycle around the "end" of workspaces in Gnome?
How do I exclude Windows during back up?
MythTV gives an error when selecting "Watch TV"
How to use Moonlight to play videos on rtlmost.hu?
What does it mean to mount something?
Set up printing with a networked LPR printer?
What does add-apt-repository mean?
Monitor won't enter power save mode
How to setup NX server and client?
Using extra features on Mac & iDevice supported headphones
Battery status not showing
Equipment maintenance tracking software
Is the BFS Scheduler better than Completely Fair Scheduler for desktop computing?
What's the default traditional Chinese font?
rsnapshot for remote backups?
Merging /boot and rearranging grub2 entries
Can I merge /home for 10.10 and 10.04
Network connection delay after installing indicator-network
Upgrade Ubuntu 10.04 to Ubuntu 10.10
Mount of File System Failed. -- After upgrading from 9.04 to 9.10
Live CD doesn't boot, drops to BusyBox shell
GPG error: The following signatures couldn't be verified because the public key is not available
Is there any way to adjust the width of taskbar items on Gnome desktop?
How can I auto align desktop icons on right side?
Is there a touch-friendly casino gambling (poker, roulette, slot machine) application that interfaces with coin acceptors
Is it possible to save output from a command to a file after the command already has been executed?
Automatically launch gksudo when user doesn't have write permissions?
Configuring Pianobar proxy
Emacs keybindings for textboxes in firefox?
Automatically mount sshfs on startup?
How can I search within a manpage?
Mutter slows down my system
System overrides my mount parameters in /etc/fstab
Can't add NetworkManager applet to gnome panel
I can't remove Lucida Grande from Ubuntu 10.10
What does "Burn the image directly without saving it to disc" mean?
How to disable laptop internal keyboard
Evolution and thunderbird sharing same mail data?
Language indicator doesn't show current language
Losing Visual Effects settings after reboot
How is the /tmp directory cleaned up?
Youtube video streaming slow
Is GNOME itself considered "software"?
Remove windows borders (like in lxde)
aptitude update gives 404's for intrepid
How do you create indicators?
locate excludes hidden files?
Grub Doesn't Load after Update
Why does printf report an error on all but three (ASCII-range) Unicode Codepoints, yet is fine with all others?
Is it possible to give sftp access to a user without giving him ssh access?
How do I connect to the Ubuntu One server-side CouchDB?
What software can convert all video formats to iPod nano mp4 format?
using locate on an encrypted partition
Wireless doesn't connect in Ubuntu 10.04 Lxde
Error while removing the new kernel 2.6.37
How can I change the purple background color of Ubuntu plymouth boot screen?
Why doesn't Ubuntu ship an application, or the latest versions of some applications?
How do I copy packages within a PPA from one release to another? (nonsensical "same version already has published binaries" error)
How can I connect to my TI-89 calculator?
How can I make the date/time applet display on a single line?
Making stripe_cache_size permanent
Mount Ubuntu's partition on Windows 7
How to enable user sharing per instructions?
Virtual Desktop Icon missing
mdadm: breaks boot due to "is not ready yet or not present" error
How do delete songs from Sony Walkman MP3 player?
How do I permanently add an identity for SSH?
GNOME Shell Overview animation is slow on my NVIDIA 320M
Is it possible to remove a particular host key from SSH's known_hosts file?
How do the environments of a standard Terminal command-line and a bash script differ?
How do I limit internet bandwidth?
Gedit plugin for HTML tag match
How do I create Unicode databases in PostgreSQL 8.4?
Will Natty run without a PC BIOS (i.e. with UEFI)
Is there a app / command that will hunt for files
Lenovo Ideapad s10-3 Wireless Disabled Problem
X crashes and GNOME loses all its configuration
Override Built-In Maverick Keyboard Shortcuts
Where do I find the Icons folder (file?)?
Why is Evolution the default mail/calendar package?
Is there alternative to IEtester?
Syncing apt-get installations between multiple computers
Is there a way to suspend/sleep via bash?
Can I expand my /boot without upsetting the system?
Gnome/X logs off immediately after login -- which logfiles are relevant?
Will deleting files on my computer delete them them in Ubuntu one?
How can I easily retab html files according to some sane default?
How to make a link to a .desktop [Desktop Entry] file
sudo: source: command not found
VirtualBox Seamless Mode -- No Window Borders?
Change Login Window Appearance
Eclipse won't let me select a Windows share as Workspace
Theme changes after resuming from suspend
Difference in Ubuntu One sync-speed between Natty and other versions?
What do the 4 keyboard input method systems mean?
Where can I find a tool to create a gif/jpg/other index of icons available in a Visio Stencil (.vss)
Always Sudo Privileges
What other bash variables are available during execution such as $USER that can assist on my script?
Dual sound from headphones and speakers
How to run Firefox inside wine with windows compatible plugins?
How do I tell a start up program to start minimized?
Update gets stuck unpacking bad package, won't continue without it
How to fix phpMyadmin login?
What is the "desktop couch scratch" folder?
Is there apt-cacher for Windows?
Getting connected to VPN but other sites not opening
Postfix after insalling quickly?
App Inventor for the Ubuntu platform?
Docky have stopped working since update
How to install opencv?
What has been your experience with paid support from Canonical?
How to install jmol?
Dolphin Search Toolbar is missing its text field. How can I get it back?
Convert old AVI files to a modern format
Mount a LUKS partition at boot
Ignore certain packages from ppa
easy_install/pip or apt-get
Font rendering in Firefox is blurry
What is the difference between gksudo and gksu?
gvfs-afc-volume-monitor uses a lot of CPU
how to install VMware image on a hard drive partition
Good Publishing Tool
Reverse rendering of Urdu fonts
Is it possible to use a bluetooth-enabled phone as handset?
Kernel Panic Troubleshooting For Dummies
Can I limit the CPU usage of a single application?
How do you install packetfence?
How to sync Google Docs with a folder in my filesystem?
OpenOffice Calc: How can I count the number of different items with data pilot?
How to get disk usage from command line?
How to add menu items in System menu
Reinstalling Ubuntu
Multitouch script (using xinput) no longer working
How can I disable the prefetch cache?
Cannot mount a CIFS network share over VPN
Why is it taking so long to open the Ubuntu Help Center?
Configure fontconfig to ignore bitmaps in scalable fonts
Unable to shut down
Problem with script substitution when running script
How do I fix the Gparted message : Error while reading block at sector xxx?
How can I edit my httpd.conf file?
Moving from Ubuntu Netbook to Ubuntu Desktop
Good tutorial on grep, sort, unique and tools like that
How do I get an M-Audio KeyStudio 25 to work?
How to join a Windows Domain and Map Network Drives?
Notes showing in Tomboy but not on Ubuntu One - can't delete
Will it be possible to autohide indicators in some way in the future?
How to correctly remove OpenJDK/OpenJRE and set SunJDK/SunJRE as Default
How to debug bash script?
Is there a ext3 defragmenter?
How do I get three monitors working with Nvidia?
How can I check processor flags inside a preseed install?
How to correctly install the latest Mono, Moonlight and Monodevelop instead of the version in Ubuntu repository?
OpenOffice Calc - Sheet Tabs and Buttons
Any way to easily rip blu-ray disks? 
What IDEs are there for Android development?
Fan making noise while running ubuntu
Best format for Cinelerra video editor
Why all my iphone contacts aren't synced with Ubuntu One Contacts?
How to ban an IP temporarily after several incorrect password attempts?
can ping other machines but other machines can not ping me
What are the Graphics capabilities of i915 driver?
Missing icons and functions
How to change the default timeout of internet connection?
Remap MacbookPro Alt and Command keys?
Most commands won't do anything if I use the console at my Ubuntu server. Why?
How to repair/restore after 'sudo chmod / 777'?
Screen resolution higher than monitor specs
Network Manager troubleshooting
How do I port my settings from my Desktop to Laptop
How to set up Dropbox on Ubuntu Server?
I bought an album yesterday with 22 tracks on it, but only 10 show up for download
Network Manager, create multiple lan connection configuration for the same wired card
How to redistribute binary programs built on modern Ubuntu so that they can be executed on any older Linux system?
How do I reset my password?
How to apply a patch to indicator applet?
Why is mysql unable to configure?
How to write an internationalized manual using gettext?
Problems with subversion (in gnome keyring, maybe), user=null
How to install wireless antenna TP-LINK TL-WN722N?
Creating an install of Ubuntu to clone
Where can I see a list of supported bluetooth drivers?
Anti-aliasing changed after update (or something...)
How to stop running pidgin at logins and disable window hiding feature?
upstart on 8.04
Bash script: How to execute commands consecutively without waiting for the previous one?
Desktop Couch Scratch Folder
Shell command to bring a program window in front of another?
Avoid dialogue by opening a shell script?
How to open wubi's .disk files under windows?
Why doesn't the installer see all of my hard drives?
Is it possible to get xRandR to see two separate outputs with the nvidia driver?
Building Awesome WM
How do I troubleshoot my computer not suspending automatically?
How to prevent battery from charging while on UPS
Ubuntu freezes when gdm starts
Which aliases do you find most useful or helpful to your Ubuntu experience?
Mouse pointer strange problem
How do I install ubuntu-desktop?
How to remove duplicate tracks from Banshee?
Create USB installer to install Ubuntu from the command line?
Desktop forgets theme?
Slow internet browsing in Ubuntu
How to restore xserver?
Is there a way to group 2 or 3 gui windows so that they don't get lost behind other open windows?
How can I customize a system locale?
What is "Free Space Notifier"?
Move home folder to second drive
1920 x 1080 Splash
Can I toggle word-wrapping on/off quickly in Gedit?
Where are my rhythmbox library folders stored?
How to disable right-click menu in terminal?
How can I load Ubuntu when all I have is Grub?
How to make sudo remember my password and how to add an application to startup
Is it safe to configure "Shutdown" on "When laptop lid is closed"?
Is there a schematic overview of Ubuntu's architecture?
Is there a weather indicator?
Application to display battery info
In what cases should I install (and configure) Postfix as a desktop user?
How do I take a screenshot of what is currently in vram?
How can I prevent my connection to automatically disconnect when I lock my screen?
Automatic syncing USB HD drive to local HD (different computers)
How can I get Firefox to work with the global application menu?
"eclipse Could not save master table to file"
Problem installing LibreOffice
How can I make sure one Upstart job starts before other Upstart jobs?
How do I find the build dependencies of a package?
sensors reporting weird temperatures
unable to access usb device
Install Ubuntu or Kubuntu on a External USB Drive
How to really use multitouch gestures now
Problem with indicator-applet-session
Good PPA for ffmpeg
How to enable a symlink in this case
How do I get a TeckNet New Webcam Camera to work?
Natty Alpha Testing "Kept Back" Updates, Ubuntu or My System?
Temporarily stopping Zeitgeist
Alternative software to Freedom and/or Anti-Social?
Does Unity require proprietary graphics card drivers?
Use 3 monitors w/built-in intel adapter + two old nvidia PCI cards on 10.10?
Installing Windows 7 on a Ubuntu 10.10 System
Uploading to my local server is slower than downloading from the Internet
Nvidia problem after inappropriate shut down
Hangs up on install "Who are you" -- Dell Inspiron 1150
Checksum Errors From Hard Disk
How to manage two video cards on a laptop (ATI and Intel)?
How do I clean build and installs, ie un-build?
How can I install Firefox 4 nightlies and Firefox 3.6 stable on the same system
How do I configure the PHP Zend Framework in Netbeans?
Error while installing spellchecker for LibreOffice
How can I automatically switch to USB headset when plugged in?
How can I get gcc to write a file larger than 2.0 GB?
AWStats: cannot access /var/log/apache2/access.log
Is it safe to resize root partition?
Using Spyder2 to calibrate monitor
How to do simple home-automation?
Show Icon instead of text for the gnome menus?
Xen 4.0.1 not booting with device not found error
Does not recognize usb sticks and drives
Nautilus crashes after Ubuntu Tweak Package Cleaner
How to use rhythmbox-client on LAN?
What are the downsides of removing ubuntu-desktop metapackage?
Possibility of recovering files from a dd zero-filled hard disk
Can linux be windows substitute?
What is the command to know my PulseAudio version?
Screen brightness not changing on Acer 5742 notebook
Unable to locate package mozilla-acroread
Upgrading Ubuntu 7.10 Server (Gutsy)
Is there a ppa or debian package for Thunderbird 3.3a?
Garbled display after Ubuntu upgrade to 2.6.32-2* kernel
What are the packages/libraries I should install before compiling Python from source?
tor stops while bootstrapping, what could be the problem?
How do I completely reset Samba to the shipped defaults?
Command to append line to a text file without opening an editor
How to create an empty file from command line
How to install JDK and Netbeans?
How Do I enable My Desktop visual effects
How to read/write files to hfs+ (journaling) partition?
How to import/export Radio Station list of Rhythmbox?
Tips for debugging Samba performance?
Flash is not working in Chrome (Crossover Linux is installed)
What's the best way to re-install Ubuntu on my dual-boot system?
Installed Ubuntu on top of XP and can't boot XP
How can I configure dbus to allow ssh-user to suspend server?
How do I clean up my harddrive?
How do I use bash's "<<" operator?
How can I determine what codec is being used?
Can I get an always-on-top button in windows' titlebar (alongside with minimize/maximize/close buttons)?
Meta package / quick reference for command line string manipulation tools?
How to install 3d support?
What is the size of Ubuntu repository?
Is there a way to setup two users with one account?
Use video file as a screensaver?
Can I remove the countdown when installing extensions in Firefox?
Why doesn't /dev/fb0 exist?
How to register VLC as a multimedia player in Ubuntu system?
"Unable to mount Audio Disc Location is unmountable" error
What's wrong with tasksel ubuntustudio- packages?
Ubuntu One won't synchronize pictures folder
Ipod crashes after transfering music from Rhythmbox
Slow Response and System Lag
Remove install dialog from ubuntu usb stick
How to upgrade to the development version of Ubuntu 11.04?
An application asks to unlock the keyring on startup, but it doesn't say which one
Unable to resolve hostnames while using APT, what could be the problem?
Can I use standard tools to get the full name of a process, when its name has embedded spaces?
How to upgrade all 50 Desktops in a network?
How can I enable Visual Effects on Ubuntu 10 running on VMware Player on Windows 7?
How to temporarily turn off NetworkManager from the command-line?
How do I show apt-get package management history via command line?
Can I use gparted to resize a Truecrypt-encrypted partition?
Can turning off drm_kms_helper polling affect screen brightness control?
Is there any API for Ubuntu One?
Two Ubuntu One shortcuts in Places menu
Hybrid wireless network repeating
Wiped data, and duplicated folders into files
How to stop Wireless AP Hosting using Network Manager on Ubuntu?
How do I correctly remove items from Wine Programs menu?
How do I install and switch to the Unity 2D desktop?
Can you tell whether I have a hardware or software problem with a DVD-ROM drive?
No option to Shutdown when running from Live CD
What package is responsible for the functionality of the keyboard
How can I set up Evolution to access a local mail box?
Why was Qt chosen for unity-2d and Nux for 3d?
How can I share my desktop using Skype?
Disk failure is imminent (laptop hard drive, ~5 months old)
What are the accessibility problems of Qt?
"Folder sharing" says "Share name is too long"... for what?
Multiple monitors, multiple workspaces?
Unreadable characters in programs (graphic glitch)
Why can't I purge apache2.2-bin and apache2.2-common?
Problem deleting broken files on external drive
How large should I make root, home, and swap partitions?
How do I set Ctrl+Alt+something for Audacious global hokeys?
How do I make 33% "list view" in Nautilus be the default view for the system?
How does Ubuntu make money?
Can't set permissions for USB drives?
Performance cost of running Ubuntu from external hard drive
How to troubleshoot system freezing?
Gnome-panel white vertical lines between minimized apps
MSI U130 freezes on shutdown
How to turn off power management for external hard drive (Seagate GoFlex)?
How to add multiple workspaces in Unity 2D?
Internal microphone does not work
What are the legal consequences of customizing the LiveCD?
How can you get Google Sketchup running?
Software to create a video slideshow?
CVS vs SVN vs GIT vs anyother
How do you change Window Control Position in the Unity Panel?
How do I change the background of the side pane?
How to get desktop background picture changed periodically?
Ubuntu One sync certain filetype/prefix
Keep up to date with Rhythmbox?
GNOME session not starting after filesystem corruption
SSH server not working (respawns until stopped)
How to control fan speed and temperatures on Asus A8Js laptop?
How can I install and use text-to-speech software?
How secure is KeePassX?
Where is the start up file located?
How to create a shortcut to start a Windows application with Wine?
I deleted my launcher panel when I just wanted to delete a launcher. How do I start making a new panel?
"Disable touchpad button": touchpad won't re-enable
Upgraded to Maverick; can't change theme
Are there still plans for a new sound theme?
How to open a file with special character in their path?
Why is there a 4-layouts limit for keyboards?
How can I customize my bootloader to make it prettier?
Managing arbitrary user permissions under PureFTPd
Giving Wine applications more privileges (like listening on ports below 1024)
Can not update Natty running from a USB stick
Simple multi-seat
Script to connect to hidden wireless network with static IP?
Excessive fan speed when AC is plugged
How to associate a file type within Wine with a native application?
What is kernel configuration?
How to fix the boot loader with an installation disk at hand
Why don't those winepath commands work?
No Plymouth splash on startup?
Skype does not save user configuration
How can I get a java apps to use the GTK+ theme?
GRUB/BURG listing a lot of os's
"Waiting for Sound System to respond." error dialog
How to start Ubuntu with no working video card?
Ubuntu One Preferences does not show usage, name, e-mail, current plan
Is it safe to install ubuntu natty daily build beside maverick?
Run 64bit OS in Virtual Box from 32bit Ubuntu
Man pages offline for e-reader?
How to configure FTP server?
How can I make NetworkManager ignore my wireless card?
Nonresponsive UI starting a few days ago; no obvious resource shortage
Adding a Canon PIXMA MX860 wireless printer?
How do I create the .Xauthority file?
How to make Nautilus location bar editable?
Probability of trouble-free upgrade?
Wired and Wireless Network Issues with PPPoE
Error after sudo-ing "sudo: must be setuid root"
How to change the binding of Windows key which runs Unity's Dash?
Why does "Additional Drivers" Fail?
Disable pad click
Are Vala and desktopcouch ready?
Syncing WM6 <-> Evolution.... opensync-module-python missing?
Why can't I see others' Buzz posts in Gwibber?
How to make Empathy to support Unicode names in Jabber?
How do I customize the context menu in Nautilus?
DockbarX inside AWN, preview window shifted on dual-screen after shifting from single-screen
Can I virtualize a pre-installed Windows 7?
Access Officejet Pro L7590 memory card reader
Problem using Scirra Construct with Wine
where is my grub loader
Will we be able to change the launcher icons?
Is there an SSH connection manager?
When will fglrx work on latest Xorg server 1.9?
If I delete Jolicloud in win7 can I reuse the 10gig partition?
Thunderbird is preferred mail app, messaging menu still loads evolution
How to sync iPod ratings and play counts to Banshee?
Default file permissions for php user www-data
Evolution has no access to couchdb
Not enough components to start the RAID array?
Why can't Ubuntu find an ext3 filesystem on my hard-drive?
Hotkey to shut down from login screen?
Laptop resumes from suspend while lid is closed
Ubuntu/Windows XP - Joint systems
Is there a way to create a hidden account?
Connectify-like functionality on Intel 4965 AGN wireless?
Laptop suspend appears broken, what must I roll back?
How to enable SSH server in recovery mode?
Getting Quickly to use Gvim instead of Gedit
How to log CPU load?
What are my audio devices?
Can't install gimp-plugin-registry
Aliases not available when using sudo
Would there be any negative side-effects of sharing /var/cache/apt/ between two systems?
/usr/lib/cups/backend/hp has failed with an HP LaserJet p3005
How to control fan speed in Dell Inspiron 5010 (15R)?
How can I suspend using a keyboard shortcut, without administrator privileges?
How can I use Unity 2d with another window manager besides Metacity?
How Do I Export Pages from Browser with Embedded Hyperlinks?
TortoiseSVN (Subversion Client)?
Network doesn't work after installing Ubuntu 10.10. Is this a hardware failure?
Remove unused applications?
My notebook won't boot into Ubuntu
How can I prevent the deletion of files in use?
Remove languages in translations?
want to get Numlock on at startup in kubuntu
Want to make an upstart script; need help and advice
Usage of inb, inl, inw to access kernel space from user space
How to adjust TouchPad edge scroll area in Ubuntu?
Meaning of "i" in "MiB"?
Boot error message
How to control fan speed?
Driver for a ATI Radeon xpress 200m graphics card?
Will the recent Intel graphics update be available for Maverick and when?
Can I install extra drivers via the command prompt?
Ubuntu One notifications?
Lock Tmux Session With Vlock
System has gotten very slow of late. How to unearth the problem?
Getting a MIMO UM-710S USB Powered 7 Inch LCD Mini Display to work
Is it possible to change the group list shown on the application launcher?
Cross platform sync of tomboy and getting a "connection timed out"
How to reset a password from kwallet?
How to uninstall Second Life installer.sh
Why are the close, maximize, minimize buttons in opposite order when you have the window maximized?
Can NetworkManager be used on a server?
Tomboy synchronization with Ubuntu One fails
Keep videos from resizing in MPlayer
Installing Flash during system installation
Does/will Ubuntu One have a version control system?
How do I enable the terminal bell?
How do you convert many files from .xlsx to .xls?
Can Network Manager settings be made to survive a reboot?
Where does network-manager store WPA keys when "Available to All Users" is ticked?
Automatically switch to workspace with active application
LESS.app like application?
How does Ubuntu One deal with files changed on more than one computer?
Can I make Compiz Scale plugin show minimized windows?
How to fix Ctrl and Shift problems in games?
Where can I download Ubuntu logo assets?
How to uninstall a .deb package?
Quickly place a window to another screen using only the keyboard
How can I install without a USB drive?
Menubar text color and firefox black making is unreadable with Ambiance. How do I fix this?
How come rsync copies files faster than Krusader?
How does the Software Center keep track of packages?
Why have both /mnt and /media?
Doesn't boot after installing fglrx for ati 5650
What is the best file system on top of LVM encryption?
How to eliminate/deactivate Ubuntu One account?
What do "Unamplified" and "100%" mean when describing "Output volume"?
Window management shortcuts?
Logitech Gamepad F310 interacts with mouse...why?
How to control order of startup items in Gnome?
always prompt the user before executing a command in the shell
How to mount Windows partition on boot?
When will we get Sandy Bridge support?
How to mount Daemon Tool's .mdx file?
How to add sound to NotifyOSD?
How to get sensor readings for recent hardware?
How do I set up a new resolution?
Wireless will not connect with an AzureWave chipset
IPv6 FAQ and checklist for a home user?
What filesystem should I choose for netbook?
Software to burn CDs and DVDs
How to make "R" use all CPUs
Updating Ubuntu server from 8.10 to 10.04
Error when I try to compile the kernel 2.6.37
How to charge the battery till 60-80% only?
How do I control Front and Back volume independently with cloned stereo signal
Does "CONCURRENCY_LEVEL=x" affect to all compilations made with make?
Updating from libnet-z3950-perl to libnet-z3950-zoom-perl
Clarification of the third-party software options during system installation
How to run game on one monitor and have programs on other monitor still visible?
Get Chat (Empathy) to pop up when people are talking to me
What do the dependencies of 'Finch' (CLI IM client) do
Bad sound quality and headphones not working
What utility to use to clean up after a disk is suddenly disconnected?
How to Fix Firefox when it freezes completely after open it?
How can I change focus when a game locks it?
sqlite-ruby gem problem
Why can't clamdscan scan anything?
Are there plans for handwriting recognition?
What is the impact of the nolapic parameter on a multiprocessor laptop?
What is dconf, what is its function, and how do I use it?
Unable to set custom icon on application launcher
How can I theme my Qt app to resemble one written in Gtk?
How can I make my laptop's password-less guest account automatically attempt to connect to any and all open wireless networks?
WUBI install not completing on Dell Latitude D600 using 10.04 and 10.10
Touchpad stopped working after suspend on a Toshiba L650
How to record internal audio with XVidCap? (not with microphone)
Will 11.04 ship with Nautilus 3?
Set "Remote desktop" host server remotely
What are some good uses for custom live CDs
How to save Ubuntu from restarting on a laptop with malfunctioning video card?
High resolution CLI?
What is the relationship between .gconf, .gnome2, .cache, .local, and other dot-file hierarchies in my home directory?
Resume fails on Dell E6510
Will nautilus be replaced as the default file manager in 11.04?
How to make ext4 update files in place during writes
Redirect Skype sound output over the network
How to configure xvfb?
How can I access Windows shares after changing DNS servers (e.g. switching to OpenDNS)?
Why is the screen shared with me over skype is so small?
Nautilus File Search is not working
How to format a USB flash drive?
How to give read write permission to a folder and its sub folders and files?
Gnome doesn't start after libdbus update
How do I install Google Translate Desktop?
How can I enable font smoothing when I connect to a Windows server with Terminal Services Client?
How can I find exact delay in badly synced audio and video streams in a media container?
Better alt+tab for Gnome?
Will Ubuntu 11.04 work on my old pc?
.bash_login not executing
"$MAKEOPTS" ignored, why?
Mounting thumb drive
How to change Gnome-Terminal title?
How do I make urxvt render xft fonts?
Ubuntu machine behind a LAN as openvpn server
A simple way to manage configuration of dot files and packages?
Where can I find a list of daily builds?
Backspace keyboard shortcut for GTK+
Lost connectivity after configuring multiple network adapters on separate networks
Why can't I connect to a Cisco wireless access point?
Wifi signal constantly going down and up
Why hasn't my Launchpad karma changed in nearly a week?
Not all TTF fonts visible from the (Sun) JDK
I need to manually parition a HD to install
Where to check the updated packages or new packages list in Launchpad?
JFS vs. EXT4 vs. EXT3
Broadcom BCM4313 takes ages to connect
How to build and test Ubiquity
Cross platform file/disk encryption
Error when running ./configure on Ubiquity source
Why does Unity hide the menubar?
Persistent LiveUSB fails to install Nvidia drivers
Troubles with Acrobat Reader within Firefox?
How to change wallpaper on 1920X1080 with compiz effects enabled?
How to auto-boot into text mode?
Problem running Ubiquity when compiled from source
Boot menu doesn't show up after installing Windows 7
How do I reduce package content on a custom install CD?
Does Ubuntu prevent customization of pynotify notifications?
How to access to cisco's serial port using an usb-adapter?
Uninstalling application built from source
How can I delay dropbox from starting, but not disable it?
Strange booting problems
Will Natty Narwhall include Linux 2.6.38?
About Ubuntu shows wrong release
Why does lastlog show every user as never having logged in?
Can I make Shutter use standard notifications?
How do I get Japanese characters showing correctly in OpenOffice?
How can you suggest the addition of a new package?
How to search for applications in Unity?
How to set port forwarding to use terminal server client?
How to sync other files than the ubuntu one folder in Windows?
mobile broadband quick connect..how to?
How do I know what physical drives/partitions are behind my /dev/mapper/isw_dghbbcaabe_RAID_Volume11?
Many screenshots within a limited time saved directly, without asking for a filename
Are there any goals for the update manager behavior with Unity?
Fstab for GoFlex Home 2tb NAS
Copy all bridge traffic to a specific interface
How to programatically manipulate application windows?
Why doesn't desktop unlock screen accept my password?
After login in the desktop remains blank
How to set up accounts LAN jabber chat server?
Patches and translations
How to prevent ubuntu to change theme automatically
How to change my mouse wheel scroll rate?
Is it safe to rename special user folders?
Youtube Uploader?
Open or convert .cdr files?
Two gedit plugins clash. How to change shortcut keys, or enable/disable a plugin
Remove note about sudo that appears when opening the terminal
How to play .mp4 movies?
Spanish characters on a (fr_CA) QWERTY keyboard
The simplest workspace switcher?
Crash on shutdown when using second monitor
How can I expand the size of my Ubuntu installation without reinstalling?
Add Windows 7 to boot menu
Updating when running off USB stick makes it unbootable?
Will 11.04 use other filesystem than ext4?
MDADM: auto re-add dropped HDD
Software Center doesn't prompt for password
Ubuntu One does not download files on Windows XP
Using PiTiVi to delete the middle of a video?
What if my State / Country doesn't have a Ubuntu LoCo Team? How can I start one?
How can I solve my TrueCrypt installation problem?
How to bring up network on boot-up when NetworkManager is uninstalled?
Keyboard capslock does not work as expected sometimes
Why is the firewall disabled by default?
LiveCD mounts the partitions, but it doesn't see any
Shutdown / restart does not complete
Triple monitor setup with an ATI Radeon 4200?
Ubuntu from flash drive
Will the official repositories update to Firefox 4.0 when it's released?
Where can I buy a keyboard with an Ubuntu logo on the super key?
update-grub2 not finding windows7 partition
How to upgrade x.org?
Is my hard drive about to fail?
Hard Drive Partitioning?
Instead of totem, what application that can play .m4v format?
Re-mouting the old home partition after a fresh install
Disable locking the screen after resuming from suspend
How do I install Guest Additions in a VirtualBox VM?
How to upgrade from Ubuntu 10.10 to 11.04?
Best way to set up DNS caching?
Encrypted home breaks on login
Time resets after reboot
How do you rename files ignoring file extension in terminal?
How to increase the signal power of a wi-fi card?
Can't scroll with laptop "pointing stick"
How can I install numpy on Python 3.1?
Looking for USB VGA Adapter that works for sure?
How can I run an executable from a CD when it doesn't have the executable bit set?
Windows files in Ubuntu and vice versa
Reading specific file fails - how to identify the problem?
Can multiple reboots fix any problems?
How do I start Deluge in the background?
How can I get the Rhythmbox visualization window back in Rhythmbox?
What does the `dmesg` error: "composite sync not supported" mean?
SSH Key problem
Indicator Menu Replacement for notification area?
Can't modify files in my shared folder (virtualbox, guest is Ubuntu, host is windows 7)
Installed indicators not showing up
Are personal settings overwritten during distribution upgrades?
How to network two Ubuntu computers using ethernet (without a router)?
What can I change with gtkrc-2.0?
Why would a hard disk be invisible to Grub?
What is the best solution to backing up your computer to an external HD?
Is there a Unity-like global menu applet for gnome-panel?
Can I change from Mint Lxde to vanilla Ubuntu from the command line or do I need a fresh install?
Unable to hibernate with virtualbox running
Tasksel cannot be installed
How can I tell GNOME to execute a custom command, CLI-style?
Desktop effects reset to none, no title bar
I am in group root and cannot use synaptic or sudo
A glitch after Ubuntu Installation. Cannot boot Ubuntu
Software to read a QR code?
Will the wobbly windows effect be in Ubuntu 11.04?
Secondary display background not updating when using Twinview and Compiz
Where to get country flag images for keyboard indicator
Input languages switch spontaneously too fast
How Do I Print Photos?
How to access Ubuntu One server side logs for my account?
Repairing after running rm -rf /*
What is the difference between ./ and sh to run a script?
What does the kernel message `CPU0 attaching NULL sched-domain.` mean?
Which is the "safest" system cleaner in the repository?
network access via open file dialog
Why does sound stop working after a while?
How to properly orient the cursor for typing in Arabic?
How to use pounds as currency when buying Ubuntu One storage?
What is proper setup for "anacron"?
Gtk warning when opening Gedit in terminal
What's a good tool for creating .epub format e-books?
How can I recover from a frozen app when connecting over VNC
Bridged network between Ubuntu Desktop 10.10 host and Ubuntu Server 10.10 Guest
Rename selection default was just for the name and now it's even for the extension
How do I install and use the latest version of GNOME?
How to stream audio from Windows PC to Ubuntu over a network?
How do I run VirtualBox on 2.6.38?
How to sync folders selectively across computers?
How to resolve "error loading libxml2.so.2" when installing Cisco AnyConnect VPN?
Share folder with mac guest on a linux ubuntu host
Is there a way to check logs about user login?
Can I connect to my company's Exchange server through Kontact?
Encrypted home folder - How to home folder after 10.10 reload?
VPN connection shortcut
No Sound for Dell Optiplex GX520
Why do I have low FPS unless root?
Add static ARP entries when network is brought up
Jabbler instant messaging implementation with mysql for a LAN?
Grub Boot Error
Why crontab scripts are not working?
Unsubscribe Ubuntu One Folder doesn't work
Why can I ping via IP address but not hostname?
Online folder ordering different than my PC?
Windows Vista disappeared after installing Ubuntu10.10?
Revert audio configuration to defaults
XFCE shortcut problem
Weird glitches in Inkscape rulers
Can I safely add secure login to a bootable usb created from a live cd
Mounted drives appearing twice in lists
Microphone not working at all in Skype
DVD-RW disc not recongnized
Set default mode in gcalctool
How to give a password to ubuntu user, which password recommendation does not pass?
How to list currently not installed packages?
Resizable screen mode for VirtualBox behaves strange with Ubuntu as guest
I would like to create a log of all commands typed in terminal
Comprehensive book on Kile
How do you resize a live partition?
How should I display units in my application?
Google Talk Plugin in GMail on MacBook 2,1
What means this error message: lsof: WARNING: can't stat() fuse.gvfs-fuse-daemon file system /home/nes/.gvfs 
Shortcut for Resolution Change using NVIDIA
Is there any way of changing the font size of the tabs in Chromium?
Setup Print Server Using CUPS?
Home folder not being decrypted
Wireless Driver for HCL ME (Realtek rtl8191sevb)?
U1partial file extension on Ubuntu One
Is it possible to backup individual files with Deja Dup?
Turning laptop into WAP using netgear WNA1100? (stuck at hostapd)
Redmine install from repos is having macro problems
Setting up ACL on a VPS?
Trying to make file executable on USB, but the permission doesn't "stick"
show underlined menu items by default
Can't get bonding and bridging to work for KVM
Upstart, one job definition to start and one to stop
Randomly displayed flashing lines, no response to all shortcuts, just power off. [syslog included]
Configuring Firefox to use a proxy from the command line
What would be most efficient PC configuration for professional non-linear video editing?
How to make in CLI check for updates to be happening every 4 weeks and install them automatically without going to Software sources?
How do I execute a file from a FAT USB drive?
How to run TurboTax online?
cron.daily seems to run but doesn't log any activity
Intel Wireless N 5300 - Personal Area Network Support
How to edit hosts.deny and hosts.allow?
How to build packages for Maverick while running Lucid?
Will the Logitech Couch Mouse work?
Why does gvim start up slower than vim?
Connected wireless connection, but no wlan0. What's causing this?
How do I disable Ubuntu One?
DynDNS updater?
Wvdial randomly drops 3G connection - How to auto-reconnect?
tomcat6 manager
Does the global application menu support Java applications?
How to increase wubi /root disk space
How can I edit font metadata in the UDS (Universal Directory Service)?
Priority for HTTP over SSH on server
How do I add a repository from behind a proxy?
How to install ubuntu-restricted-extras without ttf-mscorefonts-installer
rc.local is not always executed upon boot
Good specialized Xml editor for kml editing or plugin for gedit
How to use one recipe to create packages for different ubuntu series (trouble with ./debian/changelog)?
How do I mount a Windows Live SkyDrive account as a partition?
Gparted can't create ext3 or ext4 partitions
Remove unknown parameter in initramfs
How can I find what video driver is in use on my system?
WebKit release and dependencies
How do I edit the ssh motd?
Command to open a program that doesn't come with Ubuntu?
QuickCam E 3500 working from Cheese, but not Skype
How hard would it be to merge Unity & Gnome-Shell?
Can 'avahi' handle IP address lookups as well as host name lookups?
Will Ubuntu OneConf be avaible in 11.04?
Recover Ubuntu grub without LiveCD - Can't boot with Ubuntu LiveCD after install Windows
How do I organize an Ubuntu party or get together?
Temperature indicator for gnome panel
Is there a way to determine how to launch any program from the command line
Connect to a Microsoft Exchange 5.5 server using Evolution
If I downgrade gwibber, will it still work with twitter?
2.6.37 (or 2.6.36) Ubuntu Kernel in Maverick. Is this possible and where can I get it?
How can I connect to my Amazon EC2 server using a desktop client
What can I use to automate backups of Gmail?
What problems I may face during upgrade due to removal of following packages?
What are the alternatives to Network Manager for wireless?
Do not like unity, asking for options
Is there any way of adding Chinese characters to AutoKey?
How can I hard reset a USB device?
Why do the interfaces show ipv6 address along with ipv4
Use real browser instead of w3m on SSH connections
Which daemons can be stopped from loading at boot time?
How to Switch to Netbook Edition
Second monitor remains black after installing nvidia 270.18 driver
Which 1seg TV tuner is supported? (mobile ISDB-T)
A PDF viewer supporting SyncTeX for Gnome
Ways to enter special characters? Is Alt+Numpad possible?
Unable to dual-boot Windows 7 and Kubuntu 10.10
apt-get update error for a personal repository
Is Ubuntu doing GUI research?
VPN connection breaks internet
Cannot install glib-dev
Do I need to install Japanese TrueType font, Ume-font
Ubuntu boots into terminal
Is there an additional set of information that references more than the man page?
How do I delete all my Ubuntu One contacts?
How to hide unwanted updates?
How to view files from host? (running inside VMWare Fusion)
Reading Photoshop PSD Files with Layers
Installation of driver from ati-driver-installer-10-12-x86.x86_64.run
Installing CouchDB 1.0.1
Update information is outdated
Unable to connect to wireless internet(wifi) through KDE plasma desktop
How can I sync RememberTheMilk to my Mozilla Thunderbird (or another application)?
Laptop battery life drastically decreased compared to Windows 7
Connect Remote Desktop Viewer to Mac on same local network with Screen Sharing enabled
Can I install on 2 separate storage devices?
How can you quickly get the complete path to a file for use in terminal?
What do I select for "GRUB install devices" after an update?
Is it a bad idea to run SELinux and AppArmor at the same time?
Why am I getting this error while using gedit?
Is there a cd image of ubuntu under 512MB?
How can I get a list of all open windows in the command line?
What's the current status of migration-assistant?
How to avoid HDD spin up at system start? (Ubuntu from SSD)
How to set default xrandr settings?
How to view a PE EXE/DLL file version information?
Synchronize 4GB of files
Installing GRUB2 on one bootable USB stick
Copy function corrupt
How can I install Windows from within Ubuntu so that I can boot into it Windows when I start my computer?
How to update to OpenOffice.org 3.3?
How to enable 'Send User Package Usage Info', after installation?
Opening a Nautilus bookmark launches VLC / browser
What is the best solution for document archiving?
What does rc, in bashrc, nanorc stand for?
What is the performance overhead of encrypted /home?
How to change CapsLock key to produce "a"?
Grub fails to install
How to install Wine from already downloaded package?
Network printer gets disabled occasionally
How to automatically change volume level when un-/plugging headphones?
How do I stop the speaker from unmuting after wake-up?
sudo: setuid must be root
How to execute a shell-command in Vim, and have the result printed below?
Can't enable intel driver 82845g/gl (brookdaleg) chipset
How to manually configure Nameserver without breaking Ubuntuone?
How can I get a redundant filesystem which grows easily?
How can I make Ubuntu/GNOME look better i.e more smaller and compact?
Hardware issues on Samsung NF208 (NF210)
Which Ubuntu kernel package should I run in a Xen domU
How to protect Ubuntu from fork bomb
Is it possible to drag files with right click?
Squid Proxy Problem to arised after update
Why am I not able to execute an application created by Qt? Also, I am not able to give execute permissions to it
Is there a difference between the '&&' and ';' symbols in a standard BASH terminal?
Dell studio 1555 overheating and fan problem
Crash at high CPU usage
Flash Breaking Pulseaudio?
Virtualbox Guest (Win 7 host) locks up on network access
Why can't I see the menubar in some applications?
Why is "shutdown p 01:00" not working?
Input signal out of range?
Where does the Samba workgroup come from when Samba is not running?
How can I hide the text under the desktop icons?
How do I run g++-4.5?
Is troubleshooting AppArmor with 'teardown' unsafe?
How do I pin a particular MySQL version to avoid unnecessary upgrades?
Refreshing the wireless network list?
Display workspace's number?
Missing Dropbox indicator-applet icon, how do I get it back?
Use webcam to sense lighting condition and adjust screen brightness
What's the equivalent to 'explorer .' (Windows) or 'open .' (Mac)?
How can I change the Terminal prompt to something simple?
How to change font size in emacs?
Recommendations for Stock Trading and Investment Applications?
Is There A Spiceworks Equivalent?
How to enable unicode support in a TTY?
Network Manager Applet menu freezes and does not respond
Is there a way to open a terminal from xdg-open or nautilus?
Sound does not work once my profile loads
Failed command: WRITE DMA
Where are Chrome/Chromium preferences stored? (to force chrome uniformity in fonts)
How do I get Poulsbo (GMA500) drivers to work?
Doesn't start up properly after upgrade
How do you share history between terminals in zsh?
Selecting tables in PDF
What Activities Stop Computer from Sleeping
Linux Kernel won't update to 2.35.25
Is this a kernel panic?
How do I disable the "Fn" keys on a laptop?
Why is there no 64-bit release of the Netbook Edition?
How do I download the command-line emacs instead of the GUI one?
Do I need to install a bootloader while upgrading a virtual machine?
Ipod Nano 6th Generation Support
Format password protected USB flash on ubuntu
Building a .deb file, install dependencies too
Chinese font with no smoothing got set as default after installing Chinese Languge Support (how to disable it?)
How can I get my deb file into the repositories?
'apt-get' does not work with Proxy
How to make Conky text semitransparent?
Netbook freezes with high load on every IO operation
Change swap memory size after adding RAM?
File Permissions on files copied from USB do not match File Permissions of files I create in Ubuntu
Problems with certificate with wget and github lately
Ubuntu chroot “No such file or directory”
Fonts DPI problem in Firefox and Open Office
Best way to list 100 first files in a directory sorted by time
Motion eye webcam and micro doesn't work
Why is /var/lib/mlocate.db almost 800 MB?
Unable to boot either Ubuntu or Windows after kernel panic
Guide for installing open source software
Find out what filesystem a file or directory is part of
How do I clone my monitor?
I want to fix a bug. Where do I start?
Ubuntu One syncs only the Ubuntu One folder. Where is my purchased music?
Square in calendar on random day
Are Ratings & Reviews going to be in Maverick?
Nautilus can not display FTP files, FileZilla and comman-line 'ftp' can
Mimic command key as control key in VMware
Drive reporting incorrect free space
How to convert VCD to DVD?
How to reach a host in the same network by hostname?
How to compute PID cpu load?
No image when booting into either recovery mode or normal gnome session
Technical differences between ways in which UNIX and Windows "mount" devices
Tweak Conky Layout via a script
How do I turn on 'shutdown logging' or operating system tracing?
How to set individual NTFS partitions permissions behaviour for each user account?
How to disable touchpad click on Acer Aspire 5742z
Using the fsc mount option with nfsroot kernel parameter to allow FS-cache
How to remove a package from the list of packages to be installed in apt-get?
Is it possible to store documents in Ubuntu One and edit them online?
Are there plans to use the empty space in the SoundMenu?
To same computer Remote desktop thrue WRT54G router
Youtube plugin in Totem first loads and then plays the video?
How to build and compile a bzr branch for testing
Why does apt-get fail when automated with cron?
Add entries to Nautilus' right-click menu (copy, move to arbitrary directories)
Istat menu 3 of Mac equivalent?
What is the double slash (//) directory?
How to create a user group that can only use one application?
How to make/use launcher?
Fixing GRUB2 Vista problem
Is linux binary universal to all kinds of distributions?
I switched to a Debian desktop, how can I download my notes from Ubuntu One acct?
Where can I get the latest version of Totem?
Windows 7 can't boot with Ubuntu on different hard drive
Is it possible to customize/configure Ubuntu to have Vim-like features?
Failed to download package
How to download apps from different OS to USB and then transfer to Ubuntu?
How to setup glassfish v3?
Failure to install software from Software Center
Does a HDD run more in Ubuntu?
Why is ssh-add adding duplicate identity keys?
Missing dependency when trying to install VirtualBox
Ubuntu One Contacts Sync Error
Ubuntu user credentials, file permissions
How do I list samba user accounts that need synchronizing?
How can I automatically mount eSATA drives when plugged in?
Could not apply the stored configuration for the monitor
How do I see all of the directories shared using Nautilus Sharing Options?
No HDMI Audio with GeForce 9600GT and nForce board
How can I schedule execution of a program?
How to prevent Gnome desktop from crashing?
Will Unity run well on my 9400GT?
Is it possible to configure Apple's Magic Mouse to be recognised on start up?
How do I use my headphones and microphone?
Error: package has no installation candidate
Empathy Chat Status Timeout
How to connect to Windows XP(Guest OS) of the VirtualBox from Ubuntu using tsclient
Samba fails to install
Changing brightness on a Sony Vaio laptop
Is there any way to use the audio input of a 13" MacBook Pro?
How do I get my ART USB Dual Pre preamp to work?
Why won't Unity include these simple features?
Sign out of Ubuntu single sign-on account in software center reviews
Application specific environment variable settings
When I full-screen a flash video, it takes over both monitors
How do I change the desktop Conky appears on with dual desktops?
How can I run Openbox using the GNOME/Openbox session?
Blank screen ... no BIOS loading screen either 
How do I replace the desktop by an application?
How do you administer CUPS remotely using the web interface?
How to access an encrypted NTFS partition?
Ubuntu slows down over time?
Show notifications with notify-send when application is full screen?
Five years old Ubuntu system - dist-upgrades always went fine, however some tasks remain
How to solve the problem booting FGLRX 8.780 + Kernel 2.6.35-25?
Error 500 with euca2ools UEC (enterprise cloud)
How do I set up a network installation?
How to make the TV tuner in the Dell Mini 1010 work?
How do I connect to a wireless access point?
Why there is considerable difference in moving speed between touchpad and usb mouse?
Why aren't there any updates showing up?
Widescreen web camera will only show in standard definition in Cheese
Mouse cursor freezes randomly with Intel GMA 950
Is it possible to control horizontal letter spacing in Vim?
How can I roll back xserver-xorg-core and xserver-common?
Can't see PHP files in Emac's speedbar?
Can certain system-hungry modules be disabled?
Software and scanner for scanning photographic slides?
How do I disable the new invisible border feature (ruins Compiz' Grid plugin)?
How to reboot using an updated kernel with kexec?
Driver for Sound Blaster X-Fi HD
Sound Juicer doesn't respect Lame's codec settings when ripping CDs
How do I import/convert VHS videos to DVD?
Will there be an option in the GUI to change the week-starting day in Unity?
Mouse wheel on Dell Vostro V13
How do I reset a lost administrative password?
How to speed up SSH login using a public key and PuTTY?
Can't fix Plymouth resolution by any means
Adding user to chroot environment
Music Library will not load in Ubuntu One Music app for Android
How can I backup my Repositories?
Can't start apache2?
How can I resize an ext root partition at runtime?
How to detect Creative Sound blaster Audigy 2?
How to add weather forecast on desktop?
I cannot adjust the brightness of my Acer Travelmate 4740 laptop
Cutting desktop power usage
Suspend fails (reboot on resume) and no hibernate option
How do I reset gnome-open/xdg-open to actually open with my preferred browser?
Why is kernel "rescheduling" causing so many wakes-from-idle?
Why are my Rhythmbox controls (Pause, Play, etc.) missing from the sound menu?
How to set up a default system configuration (packages, config)?
Program to automatically generate subtitles using speech-to-text?
How to download a whole FTP site using command line?
How do I add content to an ISO image?
How do I integrate a folder into an ISO image?
VirtualHost and 403 Forbidden problem with Apache
How can I open the containing folders of items in Nautilus search results?
How are typical users expected to read the documentation in /usr/share/doc?
How do I install the HP F4280 printer?
High I/O wait after login
Synchronising Cut-and-Paste Activities in Ubuntu One
Can you change the update interval for the hardware-monitor applet?
Is there any version of Vim which uses the libxft library to render fonts?
Full disk encryption with-preseed?
Why is Ubuntu unmounting my primary hard drive?
Recommend an Outlook replacement
Where can I find an automatic day-night color balance adjuster similar to f.lux/Redshift that works with multiple monitors?
How to test samba/afp configuration remote server?
How to recover GRUB after upgrade from 9.10 to 10.04?
Handle Doc/Docx Templates on a headless server to produce PDFs preferably without using OpenOffice.org
Using LVM, how can I tell which logical volume is near full?
Mouse Cursor Freezes Randomly with Intel GMA 950
zenity script for zsync
Is there a Powerpoint (PPT) to text/html converter?
Why is gnome-session and gconfd-2 using 10+% CPU each?
Disable all user accounts?
What is the all_proxy environment variable used for?
How will the launcher/button work on a touch panel?
Will Ubuntu make use of PackageKit?
What about the performance enhancement when using an SSD as the main disk?
About the use of dotted hostname with avahi
Is it possible to do a remote wipe of a system?
Cannot mount Android phone and sync with Banshee
Sharing directories are not shown
How do I get Dangerdeep to work?
Enable two-finger scrolling on ALPS touchpad
Sync only selected subfolders to UbuntuOne?
How can I keep a wireless card's radio powered off by default?
Banshee smooth start/pause playing?
How to create file/folder sync functionality (similar to Dropbox)?
Bzr Eclipse Plugin not configurable
Bash keybindings that match those of gedit?
Support TrendNet TEW-643PI Wireless N network card
How can I create a symlink to the location that Ubuntu 10.10 mounts a CD?
How can I install commonly used developer tools?
How do I remove icons for other drives on the unity bar?
How can I detect and delete all lost configuration folders?
How do I resize my emacs22 window?
Installing Ubuntu on unallocated space between many partitions
How can I automatically mute the volume at every boot?
Why does LibreOffice look old?
Why is my display name in Ubuntu Software Center some weird set of letters?
Lost the config of my monitor once I connected it to a KVM switch
How exactly does gnome manage laptop suspend events?
On the netbook edition (Unity), firefox is taking up full screen, covering menu and its own controls
Accidentally overlapped the Gnome and Unity interfaces. Now they are causing my menues to glitch badly. Help!
Is there an RSS feed of Ubuntu Release torrent files
Turn off all sounds from websites
Can I develop Unity while running Maverick (10.10)? Or do I have to run Natty?
MacBook Pro Compatibility, Multitouch
Using CheckPoint SNX with RSA SecurID Software Token to connect to VPN
Why is .Trash-0 using up so much space?
Why is ubuntu 11.04 not shipping with mono 2.8
Login to a network domain
How to feed kernel messages as KDE notification system
Tiny program to register work hours
Is it possible to access the XAMPP on vmware workstation?
Will I be able to turn off unity launcher
How do I install a cx8800 TV tuner's firmware?
Nautilus bookmarks and smb shares work with non-root user
error while loading shared libraries, file too short
How to disable the WiFi using network-manager permanently?
Dependency Walker for ubuntu
Applying languages / locale selectively: is it possible?
Accessing main menu
Connecting with a BSNL Broadband Internet
Monitor resolution messed up, monitor is unknown
How to connect to windows pptp vpn?
How do I get a CardScan 60 II working with SANE?
VMWare and Ubuntu? 
Is there a way to change the "Application", "Places" and "System" menus texts with 3 icons?
Installing gdm on headless Server Edition
How well does a ATI Mobility Radeon HD 6370 graphics card work?
How to create a file containing info from another file?
Apache 301 redirection from one domain to another
How to convert Ubuntu cursor to Windows and conversely?
How do I get Flash 10.2 RC + Crystal HD for HW accelerated video to work?
Is a disk/ata timeout exception dangerous?
How do I rip audio from a DVD?
How can I make sure an environment variable is set when I sudo?
Grails `run-app` fails when port is set to 80?
How to track Firefox beta via a PPA, but not Thunderbird daily builds etc?
How do I permanently load a kernel module?
ATI graphics, Minecraft, and Compiz?
Why am I doing badly on the html5 test?
Assign programs permanently to different sound-outputs in Pulseaudio?
Input and Alternate Audio Output not working
Share Files over the Network - What packages?
How do I mount Samba share as non-root user
I can't open .jpg files, what to do?
How to control display brightness on Intel hardware?
How can I view power statistics on a desktop computer?
What are my options for sharing files between Windows & Ubuntu on the same network?
How do I get long command lines to wrap to the next line?
Is Nautilus reporting wrong free space?
How can I switch on Flight Mode?
ATI graphics card overriding onboard Intel graphics
How can I get wireless working on an HP-Mini 110-3500, I have only usb ports
How do I transition from WUBI to a native installation?
HDTV resolution issue
Problem after last update
How do I change Software Center's default installation path?
How do I get a Canon PIXMA ip1900 to work?
How to close vim from the command line?
Can I make the global application menu show the full application title?
Disable XF86Back and XF86Forward (browser back/forward on Lenovo Thinkpad)
How can I use face authentication to log in?
What filesystem for an external Harddrive (Linux/Mac/Windows)
Comparison of noise reduction tools for raw images
How to install Gears in Firefox?
Alien deletes the .deb generated before I can install it
Problems with the colors on my screen. How can I check if it's a hardware problem?
Where does a file copy to when I scp it?
Compiz: how to combine scale and expo? (like in Unity with Mutter)
Can I limit how much graphics memory Ubuntu uses? (Cuda/OpenCL related)
Remove unwanted Mount option from Places Menu
Distribution upgrade freezes
GNOME Panel seen in Unity 2D?
How do I find out which boot loader I have?
How can I Display a Progress Bar in mplayer?
An easy way to delete a file in Rhythmbox play queue
Unable to enter gnome session - configuration GNOME power manager failed to install
Recover personal PGP key from old home
Not all Linux installations displayed in GRUB. How to fix?
Gnome keyring doesn't unlock after loging in using Pam-face-authentication
How to tell Wine that I have changed CD when mounting them virtually on a netbook with no CD drive?
No Grub after installing Ubuntu beside Windows 7
How do I remove Tomboy without removing Gnome?
No access points show in Wireless
How do I hide all windows except the top one (like in Mac OS X)?
Rsyslog channels change ownership from root
What do each of the TTYs do?
Problem with crontab, script runs when executed from command
Specify the time of daily log rotate
Ubuntu One Bookmark sync not working
How can I find out which programs have modified a file over some period of time?
How do I set command line mode vga=788 permanently?
Testdrive not downloading release
Will gcc be upgraded to 4.5.* in one of the 10.04.* releases?
How do you forcibly unmount a disk when you press the eject button on an optical drive?
Jackd fails to start
Gnome Activity Journal does not show recently used files
What is the default vim colorscheme?
Only one of two partitions on SD card is recognized
Italic text in Steam under Wine
WiFi works perfectly on Windows, but drops on Ubuntu
Solutions for cheaply replacing poorly-supported onboard ATI card with discreet graphics on desktop machine?
Why won't USB 3.0 external hard drive run at USB 3.0 speeds?
Where is the Accessibility mouse click lock?
What does "Missing Recommends" in Synaptic package manager mean?
Installation-Allocate drive space/Boot Loader
Recommendations for a Wireless-N USB dongle?
How can I stop Ubuntu from automatically unmounting Samba shares?
Configuration of mail server to relay emails
How to install Ubuntu using CLI commands from a live CD?
I am getting a blank screen after opening the laptop lid (resume from standby)
Bug unsubscribing from Ubuntu One Mobile
How to always show the menu in GRUB2?
Postfix log.... spam attempt?
How can I add screenshots of programs to the Software Center
"lo: Disabled Privacy Extensions" and ipv6 disabling?
Search function in the terminal?
How to copy a DVD
Is it possible to add a notification message when a VPN gets connected?
Blacklisting packages from installing
Moving a LAMP set up from 32 bit to 64 bit
Trying to configure samba share with office server
Start up script, mounting and binding depending on if drives are present?
Which log will tell me why my computer shut down?
Make error on Kubuntu
How to Launch a real install of Ubuntu already on another hard-drive in Windows 7 like a VM
FFmpeg not recording audio during screen capture
Ubuntu minimal and must have packages
Partitions for dual boot install with Windows
Skype shows a blank window on the webcam part what could be the problem?
How can I install Ubuntu using the Alternate disk from USB-stick?
.mov file not video playing
How can I automate creation of videos from an image and an audio track?
Installation is unusably slow, booting from live USB
Need help fixing a strange path error in bash
How to install Gnome 3 in Ubuntu 10.04 LTS?
btrfs default file system for Natty?
My screen is disabled for a long time after I click "Install to harddisk"
Unable to boot Into Windows 7 after Ubuntu 10.04 update
Ubiquity crashes when installing from CD
What credentials do you enter to use a network printer?
Retaining bash prompt colors when starting a screen session
Watch syntax help
Netbeans (6.9.1) installation error
LAMPP on Ubuntu - http.conf
No sound after boot
'Permission denied' while installing 32-bit Java (JDK/JRE) on 64-bit Ubuntu
Minimum to install for a visual web browser in Ubuntu Server
Failed update of 10.10 results in unbootable system
Configuration server problem after changing /tmp mountpoint: how to solve?
How do I install Ubuntu without making a CD or flash drive?
Making my own custom Ubuntu
How to move both panels to the bottom in GNOME?
How can I download or install all of the dictionaries?
Why is Ruby version 1.9.2 named ruby1.9.1?
How do I show a log analysis in Splunk?
Play video files in a local Lan folder with KDE
Gnome Keyring keeps asking for a password that doesn't exist
How to install a Logitech webcam?
How to make KDE applications look native in GNOME?
How can I increase the maximum number of simultaneous users to log in to a server?
How do I get the Java plugin in Firefox 3.6 working?
Will Windows recovery partition become useless when dual install with Ubuntu?
Automatic shutdown / hibernation after x minutes in suspend?
Get bottom panel back
How to turn compiz on?
How to activate notebook function keys?
Visual Effects not working on my Intel Corporation 82915G/GV/910GL Integrated Video
How to make Ubuntu 10.10 boot faster?
Receive mail from any domain
How do I turn on SSL for test server?
OpenSource Flow Charting
How and where all is Ubuntu.com using metalinks?
Could not display "network:///" error when browsing LAN
Does anybody know what happens to money spent in the Ubuntu One Music Store?
What is the best tool to sync browser passwords and bookmarks?
Install Quickbooks Premier 2010
How do I remove the KDE 4 Plasma Tool Box/cashew icon from the desktop?
How can I get Swell Foop (Same GNOME) working?
Disabling packages from the update manager
OpenOffice always print a copy for every page
How do I view an Outlook .msg file?
Cannot access to internet after installing 11.04 alpha2
Reinstalling Windows Vista 64 Bit
Boots to a totally blank screen after I installed some ATI Radeon card updates
Tmp directory deleted, I cannot login to the system
Installation of a package to a custom directory
How to boot from an .iso file in GRUB2?
Any way to remove Totem but still have video thumbnails in Nautilus?
Is Ubuntu compatible with MacBooks?
Should I reorder partitions regarding performance
How do I remap certain keys or devices?
Impossible to install Ubuntu 10.10 dual boot with Windows 7 on new Acer desktop computer
Deluge 100% CPU
Avoiding backing up system-managed files
wget downloads corrupt JPEG file
How do I set PATH variables for all users on a server?
Enable Mobile broadband found unchecked
Unallocated space with important data
How do I disable the drum beat sound on the login screen?
How to copy files into /usr/local/? (permission denied)
using grep with pipe and ampersand to filter errors from find
How to delete/disable GNOME panels? (Existing solutions not working.)
How well does MS Word 2007 and MS Power Point 2007 work in Wine?
How to install the taglist plugin in Vim?
How to enable the CONFIG_PM_ADVANCED_DEBUG kernel configuration option
Release of Ubuntu One server code?
Why does Ubuntu use two window managers: Compiz and Metacity?
Is there a list, directory, or review of PPAs that is worth a look? Or can you share links to some notable PPAs that you know of or use?
How do I reinstall default fonts?
Compiz runs almost at 100% and the system is slow, what can I do?
Installing the Wacom Bamboo Pen & Touch
PPA for MySQL 5.5 underway?
Mobile broadband not connecting
Alternative printing method(s) for an unsupported printer
Sound card with 8 line-in
How to enable boot messages to be printed on screen during boot up?
Does anyone know of a wireless N card that works out of the box?
Alien deletes .deb when converting from .rpm
Apache Not Accepting a Path in My Home Folder
Greek Letters rendered incorrectly in LibreOffice
How to enable voice chat in Kopete chat client?
Making files generally available on Linux system (when security is relatively unimportant)?
Desktop effects could not be enabled when i try to enable visual effects. This is a VirtualBox 4.0.2 Guest
How to have similar sound quality in Banshee and Rhythmbox (or Totem)?
Chrome is slow when opening or closing tabs
Can't change brightness on Packard Bell LM86
Problem opening SFX archive file(.exe) using the archive manager
How can I extract .bin (image) files?
Which bookmark sync technology will be used in 11.04?
How do I bind another key to be Return?
Link Windows Mobile Device with Ubuntu and Use Laptop to send SMS
How to run a script when a specific flash-drive is mounted?
How do I report a site that is misusing the Ubuntu logo and trademark?
How to really clear the terminal?
Keeping Xv Overlay configuration throughout an X session
How can I read man pages in my native language?
Can you recommend a password generator?
How do I install dig?
Will Ubuntu work on a Dell Inspiron 15R?
How do I connect my Sixaxis Playstation3 controller to my laptop?
Disable auto-mount for particular partitions on USB drives
How to disable window caption bar in GNU Screen?
Google Chrome writing problem -- freezes up during typing
How to enable desktop effects on Ubuntu 10.04 after upgrade from Ubuntu 8.04?
Updating HP Pavilion BIOS from Linux
How to setup a Git server?
How can I configure the embedded wireless card in a Toshiba Satellite Pro 4600 to work?
All video players display black screen
Where did PlayOnLinux install Microsoft Office 2007?
Software installed on root partition or on home partition
Why does ls -lh give me ls: invalid option -- 'h'
Accessing second hard drive
Are there plans to add calendar and ToDo List Sync in UbuntuOne?
Looking for pageant equivalent
Facebook and Gmail stop working after 10 minutes
How can I remove the first line of a file with sed?
How can I access UbuntuOne contacts and notes with Python?
chkrootkit says /sbin/init is infected, what does that mean?
Which program is stealing my keyboard events?
How to move files over samba share with gnomevfs cli
How to make the VT display chinese characters?
Remote login with graphical display manager (GDM, LightDM)
Is 'netlogon' user needed?
Installing python-sexy?
Stream audio to mobile device
How to get accurate and clear font display?
Cloud storage that works with rsnapshot?
How to disable a touchpad on an Acer Travelmate 6492?
Will Thunderbird become the default mail client in the near future?
Toshiba Satellite U400 does not resume from suspend
Realtime kernel running as virtual machine
Why are window borders so hard to click in Ambiance?
Flash Video Problem -- Is this an Issue with my Intel Video Card?
How to shrink Windows partition with unmovable files in dual boot installation
How to recover work lost due to an Ubuntu One sync error?
Configuring Compiz Grid?
How do I turn on/off HFS+ journaling?
How do you fix a broken/missing icon (in this case, typing break icon)?
What is a 'Distribution'?
How to handle brightness trouble on dell inspiron i14R-2265?
Setting Workspaces in Gnome without activating gnome panel (and workspaces applet)
Will backup using rsync preserve ACLs?
How do I select DWM or fluxbox to start on login?
Grub-pc installing error
Networking disabled 
Will uTouch work on a Dell inspiron duo?
My processor is not detected intel core 2 duo
Evolution cannot send mail from Yahoo or Hotmail
How can I make Gwibber use Desktop Couch?
How should I install TeX-Live 2010 on top of the existing installation?
Printing from a Pixma ip1900 printer says "printer stopped"
How do I get Wingpanel to replace the default Gnome Panel?
What does 'Nice' mean on the processes tab
Unable to connect to remote server via SSH (requires public key)
location of partitions in dual-boot installation
Is UbuntuOne encrypted?
Staying focussed - Any applications to monitor what windows are open, record the titles and then tell you what you spend you day doing?
How can I force the name of cd-drive?
Skip ahead during playback with keyboard shortcuts
Error after upgrade to 11.04 from 10.10 - Does not mount volumes correctly
How to set up an ethernet and wireless network using /etc/network/interfaces?
WiFi does not turn on
Using btrfs in RAID arrays and partitioning
How do I fix "The package lists or status file could not be parsed or opened" during an update?
Why doesn't Evolution send outgoing emails?
Best tool to recover removed files
How do I install drivers for an AMD Radeon HD 6450?
Will 11.04 come along with up to date GNOME Shell packages?
Unable to upgrade from Lucid Lynx to Maverick Meerkat
graphics problem and no volume control icon after installation
Bookmark Sync, Sync's then removes bookmarks!
Recovering Grub
Configuration tools for multiple monitors for X / Linux
What command do I need to unzip/extract a .tar.gz file?
How to find out the installation path to my browser?
Is it possible to install Desktop edition in Server edition, then access remotely?
Why does ubuntu have a separate package for unison version 2.27.57?
Decrease filesize when resizing with mogrify
Plymouth splash screen different boot than shutdown
In 'apt-cache depends' output, what is the meaning of Suggests, Recommends, |, <>?
Can I shorten automatic shut down time from 60s to 5?
How do you install mod_wsgi?
Will applications be putting user data in ~/.config instead of just ~?
Can I choose to automatically download all updates and install the important ones?
Setting up a shared media drive
VirtualBox: Why are some USB devices disabled?
Are there tools to manage the power management for HDD?
Modernising settings, packages
How to Save Filters with PNG in Inkscape
Make global application menu replace titlebar in gnome-panel
How to remove GRUB selection?
How can I burn an ISO file to a blank disk?
How to emulate Windows window snapping/grid shortcuts?
How can I take a screenshot of a whole web page?
Manually install GRUB
Audio not working
Which virtualization software supports 3D acceleration?
Have I lost my entire Windows drive and all the files?
Futon for Ubuntu One
Find which files are read or written to
How to install CodeIgniter?
Broadcom wireless card only works when the power is plugged in
DesktopCouch does not sync
How do I access my Windows partition using the command line?
Reinstall software after installation of newer version Ubuntu
What does "pts/" in the output of w mean?
Couldn't make Angry birds work on wine
How to make a USB drive bootable after live image is copied into it using `dd` command?
How can I autoclean my gnome main menu?
Grub-pc installing error
App installed in ~/usr launches from terminal but not Applications menu (or why does setting ld_library_path in .profile not work as it should)
How do I get back the default Ubuntu fonts after installing wine?
UVC Certified: FaceVsion’s TouchCam N1
How can I place Gedit's tab close buttons on the left?
What is the difference between "source" and "."?
Wallpaper change crontab jobs not working after upgrade from 8.04 to 10.04
How can I install Ubuntu 10.10 from HDD/ CD while running Ubuntu 9.10?
Is the latest stable release or the latest LTS release more suitable for a development machine?
How to append multiple lines of text to a file?
Are UbuntuOne services coming to Kubuntu/KDE?
How can I maximum compress video files?
Cannot boot from LiveUSB: “aufs mount failed”
How-to remove "amd unsupported hardware" without reinstalling the driver?
Software center stopped working after I uninstalled kpackagekit
Where can I find a list of compatible audio cards?
Uninstalling ATI's drivers and installing Nvidia's?
How to disable Alert volume from the command line?
Is there another way for me to backup /home/user other than creating a subvolume?
How to troubleshoot a wireless networking regression?
Suspend fails and I know the module causing it. What can I do?
Unmounted disk still spins up regularly
How to get smooth scrolling in Nautilus?
Must my laptop connect to internet during installation?
Order of partitions for root, home and swap with respect to Windows partitions
Why does Akonadi on KDE 4.6.0 refuse to start?
Is there a folder in my home directory where I should put my scripts so they are available from any directory?
execute script after desktop loaded?
How do you manage SSH keys?
Partition tool with console UI (as in server installation)?
Why can't I find gnomad2 in the repositories?
Thunderbird autofill: also look for domain names
Why do I need lib64 on my 32 bit machine?
Racing MMO - 2D or 3D - Massively Multiplayer Online Racing Games
How can I have 1 image stretch across multiple workspaces?
Is it possible to get emesene to work with MeMenu?
How do you fix file permissions for root directory?
Why does sudo ask for a password in window after I've just authenticated in a different one?
How to set up USB for Virtualbox?
Using a displaylink usb video adapter
Get wget output to a variable
Is there a bittorrent client which has an embedded tracker?
Monitor blinking
How can I get tab-completion in the interactive Python interpreter?
Remote Desktop similar to Teamviewer?
Securing Facebook
Can I restore a content of the clipboard after restart?
How do I import existing SSH keys into Seahorse?
My sound stopped working today, how can I fix it?
How can I make a live CD/DVD from my harddisk installation?
How to distort images
How to migrate user settings and data to new machine?
Running a webbrowser on the screen saver or login screen?
How to avoid openSSH showing authentication popup?
How do I sync Evolution's "Sent" folder?
Which window has current focus?
How do I grep in the content of a string variable?
Is it possible to find out what options packages were compiled with?
Bash scripts will not run without typing "bash" in front of it
Why doesn't this wildcard work the way I expect?
SCP not working with a .ppk key
Which MPI package should I install?
Can you install Ubuntu from the hard disk?
Is there any way to make the window resizing less sensitive?
Quickly template for PyQt?
Panels in GNOME keep resetting or turning blank
External hard drive not recognized
Can scripts run even when they are not set as executable?
How to research graphics cards
How can I specify the language to be used by Tesseract when using OCRFeeder
Enabling single click to open items in Nautilus
Free remote support applications?
How do I enable the "extras" repository?
dpkg behaving strangely?
Initramfs error during boot
How can I make a permanently updated copy of a file in a different place to the original file?
Error : Could not display "obex://" when paired with a Nokia 3110c
Merge home directory after fresh installation with existing (Gentoo) home
How to stop postgres from autostarting during start up
How to add a contextual menu item to .psd files in Nautilus?
How do I enable the "backports" repository?
How to prevent Synaptic Package Manager from asking for password?
What is the difference between Ubuntu Software Centre and Synaptic Package Manager?
What happened to sched_mc_power_savings
How do I install the build dependencies for Android?
Possible missing firmware /lib/firmware/rtl_nic/rtl8168d-2.fw for module r8169 with 2.6.38 kernel
Force DVDs to be auto-mounted using "unhide" option by default?
Why is this happening with the wine menu?
VLC will sometimes have issues displaying video in fullscreen. 
/etc/X11/xorg.conf doesn't exist?
Why doesn't GNOME respect OnlyShowIn=KDE; in .desktop files?
WUBI installation can no longer boot, UUID disk not found
When syncing, removed contacts still show up (One contacts)
Not able to suspend or hibernate
Wireless network card not working (Trendnet TEW-643pi)
Auto-mount CD/DVD drive to single, specific mount point every time?
Broken package error after updating
wubildr.mbr missing or corrupt
How to get rid of home data encryption?
Typing special character ©/copyright?
Why do we have non-free software in the official repositories?
Manhattan [Mobility Radeon HD 5000 Series] support on 10.10
Network Manager disappeared
How can an application (like Firefox) be forced to use a certain network interface?
Launch a GNOME session in a Ubuntu machine I'm SSH'd into?
Can auto-hide for the application menu be turned off in Unity?
Deactivate volume amplification?
Why does the Ubuntu One website report my phone as "My Phone: Other/Unspecified"?
Is there a way to remove maximized window controls/title from top panel in Unity
When will Ubuntu migrate to GTK+ 3.0?
Will there be an Ubuntu One sync extension for the Opera browser?
Automation of remote login such that password of remote machine is read from somewhere
Quick path jumping
How to run preinstalled Windows 7 through Ubuntu logged in system?
Chrome desktop notifications use notify-osd?
Commandline shortcut for current directory similar to ~ for home directory?
viewing/editing .vsd files in ubuntu
Best practice to replace unknown chars from unknown charsets in filenames?
Execute commands on remote computer
Proper policy for user setup
.bash_history and .cache
Is there a simple mail server I can install?
What are ways for file transfer between computers
Tomboy error while tring to sync with Ubuntu one; Can anyone help?
Traffic shaping (like cFosSpeed)?
Qt-sdk Setup causes Segmentation Fault
Wifi won't enter working net after hard reboot
How to view video file with external ac3 audio track?
Google Chrome not working
VIM text editor not found
Disable Tomboy System Tray
Will a Logitech K750 keyboard work?
Is Ubuntu vulnerable to recent exploits using USB sticks and automount?
Will DesktopCouch be stable in Natty?
Is it possible to make the desktop background transparent or otherwise hidden?
How to interpret this crontab command?
Flash lags after getting back from suspend
Moving min/max/close buttons back to right hand side for full screen windows
Is it possible to execute an action by double clicking on the Desktop?
How to mount my iPod Touch 4G?
Is there a music player like Winamp?
Left mouse button stops working
HP QuickTouch media keys worked with LiveCD but not after install
Assigning keyboard shortcuts to multi-monitor configurations
How do I get a Digital Personal U 4500 fingerprint scanner working?
Shared location for all python interpreters
No GUI boot; startx error, I suspect no filesystem corruption
How to install MBR with Maverick or Karmic
Install packages with unmet dependencies
Non-standard installation (installing Linux from Linux)
Encrypted replication between normal CouchDB and Ubuntu One?
Get Tor and Irssi working together
Is it possible to use more than two monitors?
How can I see my keyboard layout in the panel?
How do I install a .tar.gz (or .tar.bz2) file?
How to check if clipboard contents have changed from a script, other than polling?
How can I switch between fglrx and ati drivers?
Hamachi² configuration file... Where is it?
Why Gnome desktop services work simultaneously with Unity desktop?  
What book should I read to learn how to deal with networking issues?
How do I change the "Default" password
NetworkManager connection shortcut
Adding a indicator / panel in unity panel
Which numbers does fdisk show?
Hardware Divers option is not there
How to dump disk sectors?
How can I automatically create a list of files and folders in a given folder in LibreOffice Calc?
Can I add a proprietary wireless driver to a liveUSB stick?
How do I find the .desktop information for a given binary?
How to properly set up Sun's JDK?
Filenames in the apt cache directory
Are there any plans to create a standard based on libunity?
Authorization pop-up requested by http://localhost:51675 every time I run Firefox
Active Web Site as Gnome Background
failed to get i915 symbols, graphics turbo disabled error on boot
Acer Aspire 5740 (model MS2286), do I have bluetooth?
10.10 boots to command line login prompt
Can I use KDE Plasma Widgets in Gnome?
Touchpad not working
Why is Gnu Screen slow to scroll in a vertical split region?
Can a single Nautilus window be started with multiple tabs?
Can I reprioritize the queue in Ubuntu One?
How can I make Banshee re-encode FLAC to Ogg Vorbis when copying to my player?
newly installed applications not shown in Application menu or panel
How do I find all of my software sources?
Where to find log file for booting information
Possible to vertically or horizontally tile several open windows?
Prevent service brltty and qemu-kvm from starting
How to restart WiFi interface without rebooting (it drops connection)?
Where are GNOME keyboard shortcuts stored?
Computadora no arranca (Computer Doesn't Start Up)
How to understand kernel choice at startup
How to control CPU frequency
How do you mute from the command line?
Not able to install Ubuntu 'Can not mount /dev/loop0'
Firefox downloaded files permissions
Is there any fix for ATI HD 4350 With Unity?
Moving windows between separate X screens
How to detect/monitor the hosts/urls being accessed?
Setting up fastcgi on an Ubuntu server (socket file permissions issue)
What is default password?
How to setup and use the vim-rails plugin?
Will Unity 2D hide the launcher when windows are maximized?
Will there be an Ubuntu Serif font in the future?
Make long click act like a right click?
Is it possible to change the order of icons in the indicator applet?
I3 WM with auto internet connectivity and a gnome panel
Can't change folder background
My network applet thingy has dissapeared
Permission Denied when trying to download a torrent?
Upload to PPA succeeded but packages doesn't appear
How can share my printer so that I can use it with Airprint?
Enable default camera in Lenovo T410
Where should I store 3rd party jar (Java archive) files?
Toshiba Satellite a300 with Maverick keeps crashing
How do I find out if there will be a fsck during the next boot?
Trouble Installing Codecs libx264 AND libmp3lame
Format of extended partition?
Is there a shortcut key for accessing the menu bar?
Which is correct for VirtualBox memory usage: Windows Task Manager or System Monitor?
How do I install these printing and mail related utilities?
How to have up to date software and more open source software in the Software Centre?
WARNING: library configuration mismatch when running ffmpeg
Can I use all my RAM for application data?
How do I turn off mouse acceleration?
Netbeans 6.8 refuses to close
What do the groups do in "Users and Groups"?
When are "User Privileges" relevant?
Share Screen with Multiple Viewers?
How to install a package not found in Synaptic Package Manager
Why can't I install clamcour?
Installing an operating system from an .iso file
How to switch off wifi on startup or from the console
Text editor with syntax highlighting, theme support and code folding
Acer Aspire One and Kernel 2.6.35-25 Freeze
What is needed to see NAS drive?
If I change my home from ext3 to ext4 when installing will my data be lost?
Tell Launchpad what DEB_BUILD_OPTIONS to use when building PPA package
MacBook Pro Late 2009 SATA slow/resets. Is my motherboard dying?
Problems building clamcour
Can't find sendmail Courier binary when configuring clamcour 2.0
How can I reinstall Apache HTTPD after deleting some of the configuration files?
Temporarily prevent hibernation
Difference between /var/log/messages, /var/log/syslog, and /var/log/kern.log?
What is a good card creating application?
How do I get the Right Alt key to have the same function as the Left Alt key when using a Macbook Pro 5,3?
How to get Keyboard Light keys working on Macbook?
Dropbox often stalls "Saving 1 file", have to restart it
Where are the launcher shortcuts stored in Ubuntu Netbook?
USB recognized but not available?
Should I disable write cache in an mdadm array?
Install Ubuntu & Win7 side by side
How do I install Ubuntu from an USB drive / create a live USB-stick in Windows?
How to disable samba shared folder password prompt
Make a photo CD
How do I play HD video without it stuttering?
How to generate a private-public key using ssh-keygen and make it authorized?
50-synaptics.conf options not working
Wubi error about "invalid tag data"
Restrictions on a user account
Why is my root filesystem always scanned at boot?
Settings xorg.conf to be used with VESA driver?
Why doesn't my grub background show?
Running local script on a remote machine
How to configure mail (mailutils) to use Maildir schema by default?
Where do I add boot parameters to use ks.cfg
Environment variable vs Shell variable, what's the difference?
gnome-power-manager is necessary to spin down hard disks?
Change Empathy's status icons
How to use Window snapping for Ubuntu?
How can I sync with an iPod Nano 6G?
I think "/lib/modules/$(uname -r)/build" points to incorrect folder
How to add .pac files?
How to fetch the latest version of MySQL using tools like APT?
Exporting bash function in .profile or .xprofile kills X during login
How to have a path containing spaces in PATH?
File manager respawns with ubuntuone
How to determine what modules are missing
Renaming localhost
Package manager doesn't work anymore
Getting Processor Information
Wireless keeps disabling or stays disconnected (Realtek RTL8191SEvB)
Can't install libopenssl-ruby
How can I read information set with setpci?
What are full partition/disk imaging solutions that produce mountable images?
Broadcom wireless card disappears after restart
FAT32 partition lock
Session management error: None of the authentication protocols specified are supported
Keyboard freezes when xorg crashes
How to print over ssh?
How do I set fish as the default shell?
Can I make new nautilus create tabs, instead of making new windows?
USB devices are not working on server
How to make gui based setup of git server?
Grid hotkeys in compiz are not responding
Cannot Update- Insufficient Space- Extend Folder to External HDD?
How do I get a UGA iTek ITUGA17D1 DisplayLink USB adaptor to work?
Google-Calendar offline?
Initialise a variable with a specific date in a specific format
Removing folder named ~
Unable to install Arduino
Geforce GT240M: How to disable Notebook screen and enable external Monitor
Youtube videos sticking to the screen
Is there an application for reading mobi files?
How to choose the default gcc and g++ version?
Keyboard shortcut to un-focus form controls
Repair gzipped tar
What's the significance of "-0ubuntu1" at the end of a package version string?
Windows 7 and Ubuntu 10.10 network controller driver conflict?
Some gui issues with netbook edition
X doesn't find nvidia module when installing developer driver
Sharing swap space between Windows and Ubuntu
Should I get rid of the filesystem at /var/lib/ureadahead/debugfs?
Can you put a window on a list of virtual desktops, rather than just one or all of them?
Having two windows next to each other on gnome, similar to the win-left/right shortcut on Win7?
Where is Xserver log file located?
error 503: service unavailable when using apt-get update behind proxy
How do I set different wallpapers for different virtual desktops?
How do I make Ubuntu aware of plugging in and out a second monitor?
Installing Microsoft VX1000 webcam
apt-get doesn't see packages in my trivial repository
Music server + Banshee
How to move multiple files over network from terminal
Does saving my progress on a U1-synced file/folder put unneccesary strain on the servers?
What exactly is --no-daemon function in Gnome-power-manager
What is a Daemon?
Docky customization
How do I assign a bug to myself in Launchpad?
How to create a custom startup image on a LiveCD
Running PHP-CLI server
Turning off XON/XOFF when SSHing via PuTTY
Facebook doesn't work with Chromium, works fine with Firefox
Boot failure on installation from a burned iso image
Cannot play windows WMA lossless files on Rhythmbox
Possibility of inconsistencies in backups across LVM logical volume snapshots
Using LVM snapshots on a live system: possibility of corruption due to system activity
How to get pngcrush to overwrite original files?
How can find out the device Id of my unmounted DVD?
I can't use my iPod touch (32GB)
One of my 3 USB ports can automount my portable HDD, not the other 2
Using an APT proxy for downloads during installation
The partition table is corrupt
Is it Possible to know when files were deleted?
No splash screen on hibernate
New computer hangs on shutdown/reboot, how to troubleshoot?
How can I force X to start in a computer without a monitor?
How do I configure function keys and Fn on a ThinkPad Edge?
Javascript is not loading
How to mark dependencies as solved?
Can't switch workspaces
Fullscreen windowed mode in id games
How to install Eclipse?
Installer doesn't display partition I want to install to
AMD Raid SMART Tests Ubuntu Server
How to get SRGP working?
Export iGoogle RSS and Import into liferea
"Invalid OpenID transaction" when signing into Launchpad
How do you know when to use SHIFT+INSERT vs CTRL-V vs right-click-paste to paste?
Is it possible to exclude a file or folder from being synced, while it is in a directory that was synced?
How to take screenshot on Ubuntu-guest (Virtualbox)
Cisco VPN connection using CertStore as in Windows
How do I use mp4mux to create mp4 as recommended by Pitivi?
Installing alongside Win7; entire disk shows as unallocated
Tuning my Ubuntu installation
How can I set my resolution to 1280x1024 on an Acer Aspire Revo 3700?
How do I install Samba 4?
Well supported Hardware Raid Controller
How to limit download/upload speed for specific users?
How do I manually install the Oracle Java Plugin for Google Chrome and Firefox?
Does gnome-schedule run things on startup if the run time is missed?
Packages not showing up in created APT repository
How do I force a folder sort for my downloaded music on Rhythmbox
Music player with a few specific requirements
Trying to install Pithos but
Full screen Flash problems
Getting "Unable to find a medium containing a live file system" when installing 10.10
How do I add Matlab to the main menu?
Device type "loop" in mount command
cp command process info
How do you download a font and then install it?
Is there any way to take my current setup and put it on a live disk, then install it to another machine?
Is a Firewall really necessary these days?
Where can I find a Spotify .deb package?
How to set an hourly alarm?
How to tell apt-get to install another version of Eclipse?
/opt and /usr/local on the same partition but not under root
My files disappeared from the UbuntuOne synced folder
Chromium Error 105 (net::ERR_NAME_NOT_RESOLVED)
How to solve the DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE error?
DragonRise USB gamepad not working
Access mounted volumes via the command line
The best way to hide my computer on a network
Where are chromium extensions located?
Enforce VPN connection to access the Internet
How to embed evince in firefox 4?
Is it possible to search through http://irclogs.ubuntu.com?
Sound Problem due to wrong driver installation
Change default application for a File type
Microsoft office incorrectly claims non office files
Display IO statistics for a process
Asks me to Login when I run from CD
How to make bash script run with a latency (i.e. wait 1 sec at each iterations)?
Item type in menu of Applications: "Application" or "Application in Terminal"?
How come I can not install plugins on my local Wordpress install?
Is there a way to print notes from Tomboy?
Compiz shortcut with two arrow keys
How to get freewins plugin working in compiz?
Wine: wininet.dll sends request for any domain to 127.0.0.1
Alternate ISO image for current unstable (alpha/beta) releases
Permissions issue: how can Apache access files in my Home directory?
What are the (possible) future plans for Ubuntu-izing 3rd party software (please read details)?
Should I install 64-bit Ubuntu if my hardware supports it?
How do I set Thunderbird to open links in Opera?
Will 3D games run in a VirtualBox4-hosted Windows system under Ubuntu with Intel GMA X4500HD card?
Exempt programs from using active VPN connection
How can I find out which cards are supported by the nouveau driver?
Time server not being used
How to programatically sign into a hotspot-type network?
Ubuntu One Windows beta: how can I set the synchronized folders?
Blank blue screen after trying to fix plymouth logo
Fixing unbootable installation on LVM root from Desktop LiveCD
Find minimal equivalent of packages currently installed
How to find and back up only files not part of a package
Is Error Recovery Control or TLER necessary for software RAID5 using LVM
Clock drift even though NTPD running
How can I remove Ubuntu from my dual-boot and replace it with another distribution?
How can I get my IOGear GCS632U KVM switch to work?
Make GDM accessible only remotely via XDMCP, while console remains in text mode
Exclude folders from being scanned by shotwell
How do I make a rich menu for an appindicator?
GNOME Shell Battery Icon missing
Erase and rewrite MP3 ID3 tags
How can I sync an iPad?
typeset: not found error when executing shell script. Am I missing a package or something?
Edit Audio: Delete a 6+2 channel audio to 2 Channel only
How to disable Multiple Keyring Popups?
Upgrading 8.10 server to LTS
Boot error for custom compiled kernel - gave up waiting for root device
Is it already possible to enable Compiz on an i5 Thinkpad laptop?
What good CAD programs are available?
Why do configuration folders have *.d in their name
Security of keyctl
Where to start studying for developing ubuntu?
What is the target of Unity?
is it better to have a separate partition for /boot?
How do I get a Line6 UX1 soundcard to work?
How can I set up the lyxserver
What is a safe ulimit ceiling?
Can't find Windows after installing Ubuntu
How do I get started with Translations?
.mov file, video not playing just audio
Doing an ssh-add upon ssh/slogin if key is not in ssh-agent?
How to make a python script run in Anacron
Can I present a powerpoint presentation with sound?
strlen returns incorrect value when called in gdb
Setting microphone input volume using the command line?
Multiple Depends/Recommends/[…] in a control file?
What does the /apps/indicator-sound/volume_mute GConf key do?
How to clean a hard drive before reinstall
How do I script an install?
How to specify which keys CapsLock affects?
What are the changes between kernel in 10.04 and 10.10?
What's the ultimate way to install debug Flash Player in Firefox?
What's going to change in the kernel in Natty?
Making file in user's homedir accessible from web/webserver
No audio after clean installation
Install restricted drivers in command line
How to hold a package back from being upgraded?
Brand new battery is 100% charged but at 0% capacity
Youtube videos do not load completely
Ruby compilation error in Ubuntu 10
Is there a modern free-born file system working equally good in Ubuntu and Windows?
Can I share same bookmarks db among Firefox installations in Ubuntu and Windows?
Can I share MySql database files with Windows on dual boot?
Where do I file bugs for the Ubuntu One music client for Android?
What is better to install 10.04.2 or 10.10 or Debian 6.0.0?
Tomboy won't start
Good floor planner program?
How to print a regular file to pdf from command line
Close/Minimize/Restore buttons not present
Asus Eee PC 701 4G hangs on boot
How to distribute applications?
Vim: Move left at the beginning of a line should go to above line
Why do I get the error message "Fcinit fatal vloopback not found" whenever I boot?
How to apply a changelog file to packages in a PPA when building from recipe?
Terminal command to backup thunderbird address book?
Why isn't a license shown when installing (and when installing most software)?
Why don't I have to accept a EULA when installing Adobe Flash Player?
How to enable desktop effects in VMware?
Why do Back In Time snapshots appear to be so large?
Disable autostart for a service without uninstalling?
Kubuntu login problem
"GNUTLS ERROR: A TLS packet with unexpected length was received" when I connect my iPhone 3G
Change color of window buttons
Skype prevents login because it believes another instance of Skype is already running
Compile 32bit kernel on 64bit machine
Installing Ubuntu before or after upgrading from Vista to Win 7?
Where does Ubuntu store install files?
Is there a way to use a SSH connection to access SMB or UPnP files without setting up a VPN?
Installing a minimal GUI + VNC
How can I get my Canon Pixma MX 310 Printer working?
Config import on network-manager-openvpn
Technique to Display Multiple Browser Windows Tiled at Same time?
HDMI sound gone, can't figure out how to turn it back on
How does the Trash Can work, and where can I find official documentation, reference, or specification for it?
I would like to set 127.0.0.1 in my resolv.conf
Is there an up-to-date gnome-shell PPA?
Is there a global menu for the XFCE panel?
dbus signal for volume up & down
Monitor resolution wont change
lock-keys-applet alternative for Kubuntu
Can I use my VirtualBox 3.* VMs with VirtualBox 4.0? If so, how come the repository doesn't have it?
How to Get Native Notifications with Firefox 4?
What is the Linux equivalent to Windows' Program Files?
What are some “must have” Ubuntu programs?
Recommendation for a Guitar tuner
How to share an USB device(scanner) over network (from Windows to Ubuntu)?
What Flash button generators are there?
How to mount a directory inside a fs instead of the whole fs?
Where can I get "DA360C64005E0276" public key for "ppa.launchpad.net maverick Release"?
Importing PKCS#12 (.p12) files into Firefox From the Command Line
Problem installing Oracle 10g Express edition
Folders in Home of Ubuntu minimal install
Increasing scroll speed
Reinstall Sound Preferences
How do I set up a server for SSH?
Using DesktopCouch without Ubuntu One?
NTFS and NTFS-3G
Desktop effects could not be enabled on an Asus UL50vg
Make shortcut for navigational functions
Enabling DHCP without being connected
I'm using Pencil Evolus 1.2 gtk and I can't see the grid
How do I recover a .ogv on ext4?
Fonts totally unreadable
Ubuntu One android Contacts app -- last sync failed
Bookmark pdf and djvu files
Script to display all terminal colors
How do I install an external hard drive?
How do I install FreeNX server so that it works correctly?
How do I 'mount' my external hard drive?
Numpad doesn't work after booting up - forced to reconnect USB keyboard after startup
Fix pavucontrol Alsa mixer with creative card
What is tty7 in the commandline?
Recommended workflows for Apache virtual hosts?
WinSplit Revolution for openbox?
How do I compress a directory?
Ruby Script Runner for Ubuntu Gedit
How to customize "Move to" Directory action structure?
How do I get help for "echo" or other bash commands?
DNS server configuration is changed automatically
How to only install updates from a specific repository?
Does dconf use DesktopCouch as database backend?
Remote connection problem
How to get 32 bit version of libraries on Ubuntu 64 bit?
What is the recommended partition set up?
How to edit pdf metadata from command line?
Upgrading a dual-boot system HDD
How to start a job at precise time?
Hide mounted volume icon on the desktop?
How can a free, proprietary application be submitted to the Software Center?
Best Way To Learn How To Set Up OpenVPN On Amazon EC2/a VPS?
apt-get vs. aptitude .vs synaptic compatibility
Terminal which remembers its state
Will Nvidia be supported in Natty Narwhal with Unity
What is the building photographed in this stock wallpaper?
How do I set the system date/time format from the command line?
Migrating from Evolution to Thunderbird
Record 8 separate Line IN Channels from M-Audio Delta 1010 Card
What is a security update?
Security in Hybrid cloud
Laptop won't "hibernate" then "thaw"
How do I correctly group albums in Banshee?
Video freezes every few seconds
Configuring ethernet network
How can I change or shut off a screensaver setting without using Gnome
ACPI shutdown not working from VirtualBox
Wifi doesn't connect if I'm upstairs
Google Earth and $BROWSER environment variable
Block access to specific applications
Why can't I boot from portable HD?
Emerald window decorator fails to start... sometimes
Can't run thunar-volman
Get Creative soundcard working correctly
ghc6 install trouble: hGetContents: invalid argument (invalid UTF-8 byte sequence)
Problem with Gimp: bad resolution
What can I use to chat on Battle.net?
Why is Evince not displaying application fonts/text for me?
How to install Eclipse J2EE IDE from a tarball?
Creating Snapshoot Gallery From Video
Accidentally Uninstalled ubuntu-desktop and Anacron. Reinstalled. What Can I Expect?
Nautilus toolbar and status bar theming
What are the settings to allow me to access the Ubuntu IRC from empathy?
Raid md device is not remove from memory, how to overcome this problem
What's the difference between 'killall' and 'pkill'?
What is the difference between Debian contrib & non-free and how it corresponds to Ubuntu?
Can I use easy_install?
xrandr: can't add new mode with Nvidia driver
Why is there no Gnome Shell package for Natty?
Why doesn't my Nvidia driver support 1280*1024?
How to display current time & date setting?
Installing Ubuntu by writing on the Hard Drive
unable to use synaptic via launcher
Fn key sticks down
Broadcom STA driver doesn't work well with BCM4313
Why can't my machine resolve local windows hostnames?
How to tell the hotplug system which NTFS driver to use?
Screen shivers on a fresh install
Syncing cell phone with Banshee via Bluetooth
How do I disable remote SSH login as root from a server?
Make public webcam. Which protocol, which codec. (Using VLC)
how to install jdk1.6 in ubuntu
How to change/create password keyring
How can I make Maximus and Metacity compositing coexist?
How can I split a mp3 file?
How to make a hotkey for a series of keyboard commands?
In Gimp can I change all black pixels in a picture to blue pixels?
How to make hibernation work on Shuttle SX58H7 (Intel X58 Express)?
Will compizconfig settings manager be included in Natty?
Sound Menu Album Art is not rounded
High load (and high temp) with idle processes
When the pop up menu automatically appears and I press `Ctrl + S`. It pastes `:w`?
List of fonts containing selected character
What are fail2ban's log iptables "returned NNN" entries? (Fail2ban is failing to ban)
RAID slow on all levels
How can I stop accumulated Google Chrome background processes?
How to get Google Earth installed via .DEB?
Sharing a mounted Truecrypt volume via Samba
How to run programs each time the system boots up?
Strange Suspend/Resume Failure on HP G61
How do I map SysReq to a key on my MacBook keyboard?
Opening files in Nautilus with the Space key, how to disable?
Help identify this Emacs color theme
Inetd limit access to one user
How do I change passwords that have been saved in the keyring?
Compiling midnight commander
Integrate emesene with the messaging menu
Why does my clock applet calendar appear in the wrong place?
How does /will Unity handle multiple monitors?
How do I get network working on a Dell n5010?
How can you print a text file via gedit from the command line?
Ubuntu installer thinks my drive is empty, does not see windows paritions
PhotoShop alternative for Ubuntu
How to apply disk quota in ubuntu server on a VPS?
Which is more efficient, Gimp or Inkscape?
Cannot find install-sh, install.sh, or shtool in ac-aux
What are the most common shortcuts you use?
How do I add a repository, but only for a specific package/version and its dependencies?
Edubuntu presentation template
How to set current default font-families to websites in Chromium?
concatenation of two command in one single command
General Problem: No Sound, can't reduce Brightness. lspci attached
What happens to the DesktopCouch Mailinglist?
Is there a way to detect if I'm running on my laptop monitor or external monitor?
How to install an older version of Java
create a .deb Package from scripts or binaries
How to set which monitor the menu bar appears on?
Entity-relationship modeling software
Why UFW has to be (re)started at boot time if it's only iptables rule manager?
Dell Inspiron 1120 Ubuntu Light -> Desktop and now I'm having problems with wifi and suspend
All commands need administrative privileges
how can I change the storage location of /var/lib/mlocate.db?
How do i make changes with x input permanent?
How do I make Ubuntu system invisible to other systems on wireless network?
How do I make Ubuntu full scale in Virtual Box
Why does Empathy say my connection is untrusted?
How can I get an nfs mount in fstab to use the bg option to mount a server when it eventually comes up
"find" command and piping its output through another program
Remote Desktop as root without logging in first
How do I change/remove the handle graphic in panel?
How to be granted root rights while browsing files/directories with Nautilus
Is there a tool to encrypt a file or directory?
How do I minimize all the windows using a keyboard shortcut?
Does dist-upgrade require PPA software to be uninstalled first?
Editing GTK theme (adding a border)
How can I export my contacts from Ubuntu One?
to clone a filesystem from a remote system to a local HD
How to use Epos?
Using microphone input port as headphone output
Is there a way to make nautilus run individual processes?
How to install mysql DB while offline?
How do I update the firmware on an Intel X25M?
How do I set gvim as my default text editor instead of gedit?
How to start applications at startup?
How to configure my system so that all windows start maximized?
Is encrypting the home directory on an encrypted LVM installation overkill?
I have a huge boot fail....gnome power manager
The annoyed configuration of java-6-openjdk
How to grep 2 or 3 lines, one containing the text I want, and the others just below it?
Redirect existing windows via SSH and X11 forwarding?
Should I install through WUBI or in a Virtual Machine on my Windows machine?
Changing the default installation path to a newly installed hard disk
how can i solve this error: no rule to make target 'Button icon.qml' needed by 'all-am'.stop
Can I connect to multiple networks for double bandwidth?
How can I increase the mouse pointer speed beyond the limits set by the Mouse preferences dialog?
Fast video stream encoder
best video converter
Unwanted application starts automatically when I login
Link to specific Tomboy note
Freezes if desktop effects is used
Why is the default virtual terminal number 7?
GUI keyword confusion
Get Window size in shell
evolution mapi for thunderbird
Will the MacBook Pro Early 2011 work better with Ubuntu than the Air Late 2010?
Compiz slow under proprietary nvidia driver
Encrypt home drive after installation
Xorg crash on MSI CX623 notebook
SFTP GUI +SSH Key
Why does Network-Manager close when it cannot bind to any connection?
Unable to mount 1TB USB external HDD - Error
Will the latest versions of Firefox be brought into old Ubuntu releases?
What are post-installation triggers?
Can and should UDF be used as a hard drive format?
USB device changes using udev and D-Bus
Messed up my Firefox 4 settings
How can I check Internet connectivity in a console?
Installing drivers for an ATI 6950
Error encountered compiling kernel 2.6.35-25.44
git authentication with Active Directory user
WebEx webmeeting hangs at 64%
How can I reduce the number of TTYs?
Update manager fails to calculate upgrade
In NetworkManager, my nm-dispatcher is never called
Bypass RabbitMQ "OK" dialog on install
Will packages work with older Ubuntu releases?
Is there a way to revert the entire system to a set point in time?
How to migrate from Wubi to a regular installation?
Firefox 4 stores passwords, but suddenly forgot that it did?
How can I get multitouch enabled on my Sentelic touchpad (msi x350 notebook)?
What language(s) can I use in LibreOffice for macro scripting?
Removing unneeded graphical drivers?
Installing gtk-config and/or fsv, missing GTK dependencies
Which hard disk drive is which?
XFCE session with GNOME in background
What is the difference between the "Entire Partition" and "Entire Disc"?
Will there still be a separate Netbook edition after Unity becomes the default desktop environment?
Will there be an App-Indicators Repository in Ubuntu 11.04?
Custom GNOME applet in Python needs to have root privileges
Getting function keys working on Samsung RV510 notebook
How to make Chrome/Chromium remember passwords in the gnome seahorse keyring?
How do I make k3b burn an audio CD with MP3 files?
Connect to NFS on availability
How to check the information of current installed video drivers?
How to stream music over the network to multiple computers?
How do I setup sendmail, postfix, or dovecot so that perl can send emails?
Why is it not possible to burn a multisession DVD using brasero?
How do I add System Monitor applet to the Gnome panel in Netbook Edition?
Where can I get the 11.04 kernel .config file?
How do I switch to the Classic GNOME Desktop?
How do I create a video DVD from vob files?
Does Ubuntu support the OpenBSD Crypto Framework?
KVM with Windows XP
xrandr: jail mouse
How to install LibreOffice 3.3.1?
txmt URL Handler for Chromium does not work
How is the system kept secure?
Where can I find "System properties settings"?
Smooth fullscreen 1080p playback
What is the best tool for converting and reading video to be played on DVD players?
Hostname on intranet
Ubuntu Server On Airlive Access Point Device
What are Unity's keyboard and mouse shortcuts?
How do I install axis2 into tomcat6?
Plymouth splash screen looks odd after switching to the Nvidia binary driver
When will UDS sponsorship final list be announced?
How to restore a system after accidentally removing all kernels?
Resize a pendrive Linux?
Is there a 'contiguous' option for the magic wand in Gimp?
How can I add file/folder icons?
Sync Tomboy through Ubuntu One and local folders
What's the difference between the various open source ATI video drivers?
Change side pane color in Rhythmbox?
Can a PPA be added to an Ubuntu repo mirror?
How to completely turn off session saving?
Removal of unused dependencies using "autoremove"
Where do I submit a .desktop file updated with the Unity Launcher API?
How to open eml files?
How to open and convert CHM documents?
Why won't Tekken 3 start?
Chrome/Chromium middle mouse button for scroll Linux, Mac
Is it possible to play World of Warcraft?
How to check system performance?
Bazaar plugin for Anjuta
What snapshot software do you recommend?
How do I remove the Guest Session option from the shutdown menu?
Can I make a Compiz animation rule for Wine menus?
Ubuntu installer to only install selected packages
Touchpad suddenly stopped working
How do I run PulseAudio in a headless server installation?
Can Empathy show what Rhythmbox track I'm listening to?
apt-get and -d option (download only) - what about packages to be removed?
How can I convert a .m2ts to .mkv?
"Untrusted packages could compromise your system's security" appears while trying to install anything
How do I automatically connect to a wireless network with auto-login?
How to import a radio station list from Rhythmbox to Banshee?
How do I enable GNOME system tools?
Can't edge scroll on Samsung RV510
How can I fix the iptables error message "unable to initialize table 'filter'"?
Setting the Python path for the trunk version of Django
Ubuntu freezes booting up after hibernation
Not able to run Thunderbird 3.3a2
Videos not playing properly
Email notification icon for panel
Is there a hotkey to toggle between the two panes only in Nautilus (with Extra Pane/F3 mode)?
How do I restrict users?
Is libunity planning on including functions for Unity Lenses?
How to redirect output of jobs in background?
Unable to install on a Lenovo V460
Is there an equivalent to the Compiz Expose type plugin for Unity?
Program for extending the filesystem?
How to remove a package entirely?
Is there a power-management like OpenSuse?
Gnome panel hides window titlebar
How to fully delete an application with all settings made?
How to tell if your USB ports support USB 3.0?
Is there a way to install the latest version of Unity in 10.10?
What events are available for Upstart?
Pressing backspace doesn't open previous page in Firefox
USB devices (flash drive, mouse) not recognised
How do I create a file?
DVD with both 32-bit and 64-bit Ubuntu
Is there any remote desktop with sound and video capabilities allowing 2 different users work simultaniousely (a local and a remote one)?
How to create a new file?
Sharing samba-folder with root access
Problem with Bash script: 'declare: not found'
Simultaneous remote connections
Wifi range issues and intermittent dropouts, Thinkpad Edge
Macbook Pro 2011 compatibility
Strange sound artifacts when using Firefox while music is played
Is it reasonable to use a GPG certificate for more than one email-account?
How can I disable Hibernate completely in Kubuntu?
Losing Internet connection
Problem when update from 10.04 to 10.10
Programs don't start after installing .deb packages
How to get OS X style App Menu?
Why was tracker desktop search removed?
How to maintain document compatibility between LibreOffice and other office suites?
Cannot boot from Ubuntu USB
How do I disable desktop icons?
How can I change the icons in Pidgin's IRC user list?
"bad mirror archive" : What should I put as the "mirror of ubuntu archive" on installation of ubuntu?
What is the structure of an Ubuntu repository?
Binfmt config not persisting after booting
How to tweak Ubuntu running on an old PC?
Bad archive mirror using PXE boot method
Install wireless driver for an HP ProBook 4525s
How do I get and modify the source code of packages installed through apt-get?
Double click on titlebar doesn't maximize/restore windows
How do I use/sync my Ubuntu One contacts?
How to automatically visit a website in the background after Ubuntu booted?
Can't boot after recent system update
Why is this rkhunter script sending empty emails?
Read error while booting
Can I install two Ubuntu versions on the same machine?
Add an SSH option to an sftp URL in nautilus
Google image search super slow
removed ati proprietary driver, tried to hibernate, destroyed ubuntu installation. help?
How to most elegantly replace Courier New with another font system-wide?
Use Evolution to back up Gmail "Sent folder"
How do you uninstall Unity?
Is there a way to launch Unity Dash outside of Unity?
Adding a ppa repo and get key signed - no valid OpenPGP data - proxy issue?
Recovering package metadata info
Where can I send feature requests?
Why dependencies of ubuntu-restricted-extras result non automatic?
Removing/reducing camera shakyness?
How to create a shared folder using command line on a server
Squeak after lid close
Any driver for Lexmark Z845?
How to upgrade to a specific version of PHP?
How do I simulate a network?
Anything like SiSoftware Sandra?
Set up grub2 on cloned Ubuntu installation
How do I build Unity from source?
Can I push data from web to my Ubuntu?
Why Gnome/Ubuntu use SAMBA as default sharing service?
How do I zip up a folder but exclude the .git subfolder
What is safe to exclude for a full system backup?
How to make gvfs-smb always use UTF8
How to download Ubuntu Server backups automatically?
How do I run a script every time a DVD is inserted
How do I get my Mac to boot from an Ubuntu USB key?
How do I setup an Icecast server for broadcasting audio in my network?
Does it makes sense to backup the whole partition as opposed to their files?
NX/SSH remote access with Remmina
dpkg snippet isn't working for me when fixing / installing dockbar
How can I copy the current path from Nautilus?
How are USB ports related to the computer power, and why would they cause my computer to freeze?
Redirect requests to my external IP/port to a different external IP/port?
Will Rhythmbox automatically add missing album information when I put a new album in my music folder?
How do I share files between Windows and Ubuntu in a Wubi setup?
What does a media server need?
How do I log in to a database without username and password?
Is Blender good as a CAD tool?
How can I tell what package requires a reboot of my system?
Will Gnome 2 aka "Ubuntu Classic Desktop" continue to be developed after 11.04?
Best virtualization solution for running Windows 7 as a guest?
How do I launch Chromium with multiple tabs open using the main menu?
How do I install plc-emu?
Are there any alternatives to Nautilus?
Can't find hg-buildpackage
How can I add more disk space to my home directory?
How do I create a PPA for a working program?
GTK applications do not start
Run simple bash script to start applications at login
During login, why does it take more time to give an error message, than to login?
Unable to turn on seamless mode in VirtualBox
Dual boot. Install 2nd OS on separate drive
How to schedule an update?
Will Unity 2d top panel be theme-able and support transparency?
Why are ShareFolders so slow when used with Apache on VirtualBox
Power manager keeps shutting down the display
How do I add a system-wide menu item to the Applications menu?
No init.d file in the etc directory
Speech to Text - Dragon Speaking software alternative
How do I merge two icon sets?
How usable is BlenderCAD project right now?
How do I re-add the messaging indicator?
Where can I install termcap from?
AHCI Hotswap in Lucid Server
Some files in /usr/sbin/ are never being replaced?
Heartbeat doesn't start
How do I get Notification Icons to follow my Icon theme?
How do you use an android tablet as a second display?
I can't change any user settings with my login, why?
How does automated hotplug mounting work?
gvim configuration does not work like it should
How do I install an application by DEB file for a single user only?
DockbarX Applet not loading
Gnome trash on cifs mount random behaviour
What's wrong with my ext4 partition?
How can I remove black bars at smaller resolutions?
How to add UTF-8 support to my hard disk in fstab?
How do I try Unity from Natty?
How do I restore the Trash icon on the desktop?
How can I backup my PPAs?
By default, the left ALT key drags and moves windows. How can I get rid of that?
How can I find the value of the "Visual Effects" setting using the command line?
Inconsistent mouse cursor status while typing
Swap utilization: system level versus individual processes
Why is the console hanging randomly?
Empathy chat notification
How do I do right clicks on iBook G4?
How do I get keyboard to write hiragana instead of katakana?
Distro that I can load into RAM?
Change touchpad horizontal and vertical acceleration/sensitivity?
Chrome starts download instead of displaying webpage from local server
Unable to locate package xinetd
How can I delay a specific program on startup?
How to remove the window border for gnome-terminal?
Why am I asked for a password after automatic login?
How can I have only two specific keyboard layouts in my system without 'us'?
Avoid random disk names
Split a text file by its entries
Can Unity reprogram Touchpad mouse click 2 to a keyboard key?
External backup - "cp: cannot create regular file" error
How do you unset an environmental variable using a script?
Is running temperature considered when a machine is added to the 'Ubuntu certified' list?
Nautilus file share for multiple users is not working. Only owner gets access
Can I make Evolution to automatically check emails when I launch it?
How can I launch Thunderbird from Command Line and Auto Check IMAP Email?
Upgrade won't allow second display to go to 1920x1080
How do I run a script after OpenVPN has connected successfully?
Persistent crashing of Sun JVM
Using Python applications
What new games are available for Ubuntu in 2011?
Crysis 2 Demo on Wine error
Will "Oilrush" be available for purchase from the Software Center?
How to find corrupted files?
For my project in Launchpad, how do I send all merge requests to a mailing list?
Can't update kernel to 2.6.35.27
Eye Of Gnome (eog) keyboard shortcuts
Reliable alert dialogs from the shell
When I try to minimize windows, they close?
Gnome-Shell Logout
How to jump to the end of a 'man' page
sudo access per folder? is that possible?
View File MetaData in Gnome / Nautilus
Where can I find the latest nightly build of the development version?
How to associate hardware volume control to USB speakers?
Can't remove Ubuntu Desktop from dropdown menu on logon screen
How to update PlayOnLinux?
How do I change the default font to "Ubuntu" on OpenOffice.org?
Unable to synchronize Tomboy notes
How to access shared drive connected to Airport Extreme router?
How to detect webcam?
Unable to use TL-WN821N wireless adapter 
Best Way To Start Learning Shell Commands in Terminal?
Confusion about  git; how to undo?
Sed problem  in a Bash script
Run SQL script on remote Oracle database
Is there going to be a friendly Unity settings window?
Lock and Unlock from USB disk (pendrive)
Batch normalize audio volume on .ogg-files
Screen dimmed upon wake after standby
Anomaly with bash PS1 definition
Speed up Banshee's indexing of files on a device
Lock a partition to a few folders
Text reverses on remote gnome session
Text editor to edit large (4.3 GB) plain text file
What does the kernel boot parameter "set acpi_osi=Linux" do?
SMTP server to deliver ALL mail to user@localhost
How do I open up firewall while keeping it safe?
Why doesn't LO/OOo look completely native?
Banshee doesn't like opening websites
Can't boot into Ubuntu after installing Windows
How do I recover a BTRFS filesystem with "parent transid verify failed" errors?
Battery Indicator Error. D-Bus
What packages do I need to compile .tex documents using XeLaTeX?
How do I setup the look & feel of Gnome applications while on KDE?
How can I switch between the CFS and BFS schedulers?
How do I replace OpenOffice 3.2.0 with OpenOffice 3.3.0?
What is suspend?
How to configure my VirtualBox's Ubuntu IP?
Programming language API sidebar in gedit
Boot to Windows option? Similar to bootcamp
Opening files in LibreOffice logs out and returns to the login screen
Can't Launch Ubuntu One
Software to show amount of data transfer of each process
Did I lose my RAID again?
How do I mount an iPod Touch with Banshee?
Alternative to NetScanner
How do I connect to a wireless network?
How to monitor network bandwidth per user on Ubuntu server?
HTTP Archive (.har) log reader?
How do I enable WebGL sites with Firefox 4 Beta?
Deleted unintentionally on your local host? Deleted on the cloud?
ca-certificates-java fails when trying to install openjdk-6-jre
An error occurrend while adding files to archive
Youtube locking up Ubuntu after update
Consistent Flash Player Crash ONLY on YouTube
wget has a 4 second delay
Problems setting up Davmail in Kubuntu 11.04
No notifications for facebook or twitter in Gwibber
YouTube videos have a red tint
How to configure ubuntu for lightweight low-memory usage?
How do you change the default shell for ALL USERS to bash?
How to hide recent files and most used apps?
How to get rid of multiple linux versions in grub boot menu
How to use fingerprint authentication on a HP DV6-3049TX?
Is there a USB pedal solution for transcription?
auto-update and email
Where is the DOM XML package for PHP 5?
Apple MBP 7,1 Color profile xcalib
Why does my application hang in interruptible state?
Setup CRON weekly backup
How to retrieve data from a corrupted volume
How can I install other applications after a failed installation using apt-get?
Regain Sudo rights after removing from admin group
Shut down/log out, me menu absent in panel
Script to monitor window title changes
How to access a fake raid?
Error with APE Server Installation
What is happening with the UbuntuWeeklyNewsletter?
How to drag and drop a picture from a home folder into an open application in full size?
mpd conflicting with other applications -- taking control of pulse?
How do I add a Windows Live account to Empathy?
How to use a hotkey shortcut to run a launcher?
Is it possible to post images with Gwibber?
MacBook Pro: should I virtualize Ubuntu or use Boot Camp?
image viewer: png vs gif
FGLRX does not have /usr/lib/libGL.so lib
How do I join a channel on Freenode with Empathy?
Display the first few lines of a file
ssh tunnel and receiving Web pages through the tunnel
Does Ubuntu One follow symlinks if synchronizing a folder?
`apt-get update` cannot find Ubuntu servers
Upgrade without internet & CD
How do I provide a username and password to wget?
Why does nautilus use 90%+ cpu at startup?
need help installing NVIDIA 6600gt drivers
Where are VPN configuration files imported by Network Manager saved?
Apple IIGS emulator?
How can I make the text cursor in X Windows easier to see?
GeForce and Radeon: what is present condition of opensource and proprietary drivers?
Accessing host LVM partition from Windows XP through Virt.manager 0.8.5 / Qemu / KVM
How to customize "Places" menu
Black & White Video with Youtube
Is there any utility like the Windows program smartcopy?
When I create a new user, how do I automatically create a .virtualenvs directory in their home directory?
Do any NetworkManager VPN plugins support IPv6?
Is there a way to install Ubuntu stripped down without desktop applications?
Guide to particulars in customizing Ubuntu Installer
USB tethered connection via Nexus One not showing on NetworkManager
What's the best way to install the GD graphics library for Nagios?
Which video card for a 1680x1050 resolution?
gnome-terminal "cannot open location" error
Evolution not showing latest email in my IMAP inbox
How can I connect to a specific NTP server?
Intermittent ethernet connectivity
How to associate Unity Dash's buttons to the preferred applications?
GRUB's menu.lst deleted after a kernel update
Is ubuntu switching to nouveau?
Can OO Presentation go full-screen to the secondary monitor?
How do I use Python with apache2?
Upgrading from a previous version of Ubuntu
Quota Exceeded but I only use 1.8 MB
What does "[IN-USE] account is locked by another session or for maintenance, try again." mean?
How to get Ubuntu guest VM to recognize second VirtualBox monitor?
Which mailx package should I install for Nagios?
Is there a way to set transparency of windows in GNOME?
Installing on a computer with USB 3.0 hardware
Problem installing qtbase
Automation Extracting Many Passworded Archive
Windows partition not booting
Gaining access to a folder which requires you to be the admin/owner?
No internet access when VPN connected
How do I setup Audacity and PulseAudio to Record from a line in?
Does Quickly have an IDE of some sort?
Evolution - exchange-connector, Rackspace global catalog server
In GNU GRUB, I receive error: no loaded kernel. How do I load a kernel?
How to get Rhythmbox running on another user account to see the audio CD I inserted?
Different partial zooms using keyboard
How do I add a background in AisleRiot Solitaire?
How to get Elantech trackpad to be identified properly, curently has no extended functionality
Certain applications don't stay in Launcher
netbook alternate installation/update
Disable resize gripper in windows?
Check graphics card activity
Does somebody know if the Light themes will get overhauled for Natty?
How can I read user input as an array in Bash?
Left and right keys acting crazy?
Script to download music and transfer to Ipod?
Run OpenVPN service on connection to internet
How do I reload the clock applet?
Is there software that can fill PDF forms?
How to fix a broken Adobe Air package?
Need help with account setup, e-mail settings
Where is .bash_profile?
How can I use smbclient to connect to Windows shares by hostname when a firewall is enabled?
How can I increase the text size in empathy chat windows?
Problem manipulating text using grep
How can I change the tooltip color or font in Ambiance?
How to install subversion server
How to start contributing to Unity?
The side usb ports don't work on my Apple Wired Keyboard
How can I install a 32bit python on 64 bit Ubuntu
Ubuntu 10.10 freezes
Install Opera on 64-bit
What is the /etc/apt/sources.list file supposed to look like for 10.10?
Can I perform a distribution upgrade without rebooting?
Change X settings to boot into laptop with non working screen using an external monitor
What is the best way to record audio into my desktop?
Why is my Ubuntu 10.10 CD not booting?
OpenOffice Presentation change slide by clicking slides
Video files (AVI) tags editor?
High end mobile workstations with pointer stick
How do I mount shared folders in Ubuntu using VMware tools?
How to remove outlines around windows when switching with Alt+Tab?
How To Auto Add To /etc/resolv.conf?
Is there any time tracker that is aware of Unity workspaces?
BBC flash videos don't play in Firefox (Youtube videos do, and all is fine in Chrome)
Cannot type backquote or backtick in xterm
Does the Compiz Cube plugin work with Unity?
Uppercase 'P' appearing as a block
Error when trying to compile abgx360: C++ compiler cannot create executables
Picasa installs but is missing in the menu
Steps to diagnose SNU5600 disconnection problem
Can it be harmful to grant jackd realtime priority?
How to add a custom launcher in Unity's applications place
How do I upgrade from inside a VMware Image?
Right-to-Left script fail with Flash Player
Why isn't my 11.04 system being upgraded? (because I want to test the latest code for Unity)
How do I increase the text size of the text on a console?
Can't add to panel nor delete panel
/dev/loop0 doesn't have enough disk space
Can one still download 10.04 netbook edition
Problems with NVIDIA drivers: White screen with full(or almost full)screen apps
Adding PPA on install
Software versions of LTS and non-LTS releases synced from Debian
How can I optimise ext4 for reliability?
Why do I still get an older version of Dropbox when downloading the latest one?
Migrate ldap to another server
Is it possible to copy a file into a zip archive?
How to add user without /home
Separate distribution for Unity2d?
Can't start ubuntu on Vaio Z
Can't connect to the Internet via PPPoE DSL
How to check if a command succeeded?
Information about SATA, IDE (PATA) controllers
Running command on remote database (oracle) from local server using sqlplus
Is there a PC-to-phone application?
Disable TV tuner at boot
Is it possible to rebind Ctrl+Alt to the Meta key?
Youtube ENTIRELY crashes the computer
No visual clues as to hibernation status
"clean up by name" to the right, like on a mac
Having to log In twice after screen lockout
Installing Connectwise
Are there more Brasero plugins available?
How to get nicer error-messages in this bash-script?
Error compressing files in /var/www with to .7z with password protection
Terminal error messages: bash: /dev/cgroup/cpu/user/2823/tasks: No such file or directory
Slow Ubuntu 10.04 after long time unused
Ubuntu to replace Vista and thereby reboot my computer?
Path for mounted iso
How can I maximally compress .gz files in Nautilus?
I have Ubuntu 9.04 on my Xen VPS - can I upgrade it to 10.10?
Is there a way to make the launcher get out of the way of open windows?
Computer won't wake from hibernate
Get drive information
How does GImp compare to Photoshop?
How to stop gecko-mediaplayer from buffering endlessly?
What does the 'Userspace file system' Compiz plugin do?
Sound driver for motherboard gigabyte ga-g1975x-c (Creative Sound Blaster Live 24-bit) (alsa, ca0106)
Is there a way to change the formatting of a single word in GIMP?
How to change Applications Menu Contents
Iptables unresolved dependencies
How do I rollback to Firefox to 3.6 from a PPA version?
Why does my name resolution hit the DNS even with a hosts file entry?
Screen off animation similar to Android Gingerbread?
How to install over http in virtual manager?
Ubuntu cannot see Windows 7 partitions on install
Monitor height differences & the mouse going off screen
How can I run samba?
Getting touchpad to work in desktop ubuntu
Software for text search in files
Bluetooth file transfer in shell script
How do I remove an extra dock in cairo dock?
Japanese IME clueless about certain words
Connecting two monitors at the corners
Optimize video filesize without quality loss
How to enable Nautilus mounted remote shares in a file system dialog
How to get a windows close/minimize buttons in top GNOME panel?
Sudo permissions error
How can I make the color reverse application autostart when I log in?
Tag and manage video files
permission error on Ubuntu?
Schedule sending mail of a log file content
Automatically sync a folder to a USB when USB is plugged in?
How do I reset the thumbnail cache?
Install MySQL without apt-get
How do I access a mounted Windows share from the command line?
Browsing the internet from the command line
Display files permissions in number format i.e "0755"?
Issues with nVidia GeForce 210 while watching movies
How do you change the resize increment?
Does LibreOffice Support AmiPro Format (.sam)?
How do I enable font anti-aliasing in Wine?
How can I configure Unity?
HDMI port not recognized on Sony Vaio
How can I keep recent files from appearing in Unity?
Live CD doesn't boot on an emac
How to tell what applications are accessing the hard drive and how frequently?
How to search Firefox Bookmarks?
Is there a good method to create a keyword cloud in Ubuntu?
When you install and it has the checkmark for encryptying your home folder, what exactly does that mean?
'chmod u+x' versus 'chmod +x'
"ldap_add: Naming violation (64)" error when configuring OpenLDAP
Warning about unavailable repositories
Antec Fusion Black LCD won't turn off on system shutdown
How do I clear xmodmap settings?
How to install Awesome WM without root access?
Use a light panel with Elementary (or other GTK+ themes that use dark panels)?
Which version of percona db package should I install?
How do I see which disk I am booting from?
Will I be able to switch to Gnome-Shell in 11.04?
How can I remove gradients from Elementary theme?
Thunderbird compact is taking forever
Configure USB GSM Modem
Font corruption: lines through characters
Why does my system boot so slowly?
Dragon NaturallySpeaking 11 installer on wine gets stuck
custom icon in "Places" menu
How do I program the GNOME Clock Calendar with Python?
No signal to monitor after driver install
How to make Thunderbird notify of new email like Evolution?
Scripts used by `jockey-common`
Black or Corrupt UI Artifacts Under Wine
where can I get Mono 2.10 for Maverick and Natty?
Video player with good subtitle rendering
Ideas for my MSc project and Google Summer of Code 2011
xdaliclock in gnome-screensaver
Does a mountpoint have to be an empty directory?
Why was aptitude removed in favor of apt-get?
Midori displays mobile sites
How do I disable ntpd?
How do I apt-get a 32-bit package on a 64-bit installation?
Functions of xdg-user-dirs
Entering "vi mode" in gnome-terminal
Does the Ubuntu One mobile client have an integrated music store?
Files downloading again after they've been deleted
Home on a different partition
Does changing the theme improve system performance?
Tagging gone from Nautilus, GAJ, tracker
How to disable floppy drive?
Will Samsung driver for notebooks get into the upstream kernel?
How can I repair a corrupt kernel if no others are installed?
How do I fix a corrupted /var/lib/dpkg/status?
Migrating to Natty (or any other future versions of ubuntu)
Is there a preferred way to set up a virtual Ubuntu server on a desktop?
Rebind Alt key to win using setxkbmap?
Activate "F-lock" key on start up
No BIOS, no video after Ubuntu updates
1000baseT/Full Supported and Advertised but not working!
What Fibre Cards can I use with Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Server
(idea) Add Gubuntu (pure Gnome 3) to the list of Ubuntu Desktop Version
apt method to get the latest nvidia driver
Keyboard not working on my lenovo S10 Netbook
Wifi connection frequently dropping in hotspots and university campus, home Wifi works fine
What can replace system monitoring in the top Gnome Panel in Unity?
Is there a foolproof and easy way of determining which debs meant for ubuntu will install on debian
Read file into array 
Softlink for a file on a remote machine
Should I run mod_fcgi or APC on a 512MB VPS?
How do I set up X-Image-URL for gnus?
How I can change the reply-to address in Evolution?
Would like to put a Calender on Cloud
Trying Network Manager's replacement ConnMan
So what is the reason behind the claim that you need at least as much swap area as main memory for hibernate to work?
How can I take Ubuntu Certification Exams online?
How to play audio faster but keep pitch?
Google-Chrome 10 stable crash on every page
How can I extend the desktop onto an external monitor/projector?
I want a non admin user to install software. What commands do I need to add to sudoers?
Error formatting volume with my microsd
Enable opengl in vlc
Host virtual box hard disk on another partition
How to change resolution of the VirtualBox (Ubuntu guest and host)?
Applications in Ubuntu's installation environment
How do I update Ubuntu packages from source?
Weird font hinting in Firefox 4
How to speed up rsync/tar of large Maildir?
How to make Transmission download torrents behind a proxy?
Wireshark showing no encryption in OpenVPN
How to translate Ubuntu One web UI?
How do I add the SVN add-on Subclipse to Eclipse?
Where can I find a package for "project looking Glass"? ("The Java desktop")
Steam (via Wine) crashes after login - any troubleshooting tips?
Ubuntu One Triplicated my contacts -- how can I delete all contacts so I can start over?
OpenVPN vs. IPSec - which one is faster for tunneling?
Ubuntu One stuck and doing nothing
How to build all my installed package from sources?
Mouse not clicking properly
Increase the /home partition without losing the data
How to make Unity 2D workspace button trigger Compiz expo view mode?
How can I change the cache mode of an USB drive?
Torrent client for the command-line?
OS evaluate in bash script
Created bootable .iso on external USB HDD, how to get rid of it again?
How do I check if my OpenPGP key is in the Ubuntu keyserver?
How does apt-btrfs-snapshot work?
Which changes can you make in Unity?
Speaker Icon in taskbar is missing
FFmpeg or GStreamer for command line conversion of audio files?
What happened to the weather-app in the panel?
Using versioning for settings in home?
How can I get Chromium to download PDF files automatically?
How to trick apt dependencies?
Will GNOME3 offer a panel interface or just the Shell?
Unity does not use the categories from the .desktop files
How do I solve VirtualBox error 0x80004005?
How do I recover from upgrading while using bad version of gcc/binutils?
Microsoft Money alternative?
How install an application with apt-get and restrict it to a specific repo source?
Can I stop specific 'devices' from showing up in Nautilus?
How can I break out of ssh when it locks?
Wireless on an Atheros AR9285 is slow and disconnects
Radeon Mobility HD 5470 Not Working
How do I make Ubuntu not ask me for my password?
Ubuntu Sofware Centre does not download packages when connected to Cisco VPN
Why are only some versions of the kernel backported to certain releases?
Is there a Unity equivalent of the GNOME panel 'show desktop' applet?
How can I put a shortcut to a file in the Unity launcher?
How do I set up a virtual private network in VirtualBox?
Is the top panel in Unity currently transparent by default?
Wireless not working with a RaLink RT3090
How to work around the home directory changing to /root when using sudo?
Stop sign in notification area instead of language icon
How to play Minecraft Classic?
Is there a way to get a "proper" Firefox 4 experience on Maverick?
List Linux kernel markers in alphabetical order
what is the nm-applet and why does it take so much memory?
Can I modify power-management settings on a laptop running Ubuntu Server?
Can I backup my entire Ubuntu installation to ISO DVD?
Time lag between software update and inclusion in the repositories
Why is there a lack of Backports of Optional 10.10 or later Packages in repos?
Integrate a media-player into Nautilus file browser
Advanced searching in Tracker Search Tool? Filter by folders?
How to install Groovy?
How do I ask for new features in Ubuntu?
Where is the Groovy documentation?
How safe is Ubuntu?
How to get output from upstart jobs when logged in via SSH?
How can I play mp4 and avi files in a Movie Player?
Warning about SSL ceritificate, am I under attack?
How to install the package ttf-mscorefonts-installer
How come a daily build is behind snapshot releases like beta or RC?
How can I boot from read-only filesystem while having writable partitions for logs?
How can I create a bootable USB disk from a CD image?
How is Logitech C510 HD Webcam
Can I use a desktop install as a server?
Installing Ubuntu, asks for user/pass
mounting linux partition after installing windows
How to install Ubuntu One server software or alternative for personal use?
Dual Boot 10.10 and 11.04 can't boot into 10.10 after an update
Reducing brightness of large areas containing bright colours
Eyefinity across 3 displays with a AMD Radeon 6800
"the partition is misaligned" error in Disk Utility - should I repartition?
How do I fix a "Problem with MergeList" or "status file could not be parsed" error when trying to do an update?
Using the Onboard VGA output with a PCIe video card. Both nVidia
Change the hide button for gnome-panel?
"error: no init found. Try passing init=bootarg" error after video driver update
How to solve 'Connection refused' errors in SSH connection?
Changing from one file to another
Thinkpad W510 with default graphics drivers shows weird brightness issues
Touchpad stops working after desktop shows up
Can unity places be written in C++?
alias with parameters
Samba issue with sharing directories on NTFS/FAT32
How do I make the 'Shut Down the Computer' window be monochrome?
Force the user to change their password at first login
Root cannot access /dev/urandom
Organizing the Disk and Folder Structure for an Upgrade
Wacom Bamboo CTH460L issues
Will Unity work with a video card without 3D support?
My Thinkpad X201 battery is draining extra fast. What can I do?
Where I can I find Zentyal ? 
Remove /boot partition
Gnome Mplayer failed to open VDPAU backend libvdpau_nvidia.so
Netatalk 100x slower than scp with USB disk
Cannot read from 2nd SATA data drive connected via SATA docking station
PPA & Packaging: Having versions of packages for multiple distros
Command to determine whether a fullscreen application is running?
How can I determine whether a shellscript runs as root or not?
Font style changed suddenly - what's wrong?
How to install the most common plugins?
Is it possible to make clipboard work always the same?
How to connect Ethernet via a Huawei Smart AXMT880s modem (with auto-detection)?
Menubar hidden in all KDE apps
How to execute a script as super user first checking the user and getting pass from askpass if not super user
Chromium 12 still showing older icon
Banshee encountered a Fatal Error (sqlite error 11: database disk image is malformed)
How do I use virtualbox for Windows 7 installer?
How can I prevent [flush-8:16] and [jbd2/sdb2-8] from causing GUI unresponsiveness?
Is it possible to use a 2.6.38 kernel with 10.10?
Transparency background wrong on Dual-screen
VMware sharing folders between Win7 (host) and Ubuntu (guest)
Can I install Debian Unstable Scala 2.8.1 package in Ubuntu? Won't it cause problems?
Why do the same Wine applications appear in applications list many times? How to fix this?
PPA & Packaging: Packaging Source as a Binary Package
What does “%U” mean when calling a command?
Can I block log messages from specific devices or drivers?
How can I resize an external USB NTFS partition?
When will postgres 9 be supported?
External hard drive gets wrong user as owner
How to disable the alt-hotkey behavior on gnome terminal?
Change from the minstrel algorithm
Multimedia keys stopped working
How to install an application manually into the Application list
Installed Ruby 1.9.2 but new gems won't create scripts into /usr/bin
How to fix AVI index error
Why does Ubuntu refuse to execute files from an NTFS partition?
In Empathy IRC, how do I turn off the "joined" and "disconnected" messages?
Trying to install ubuntu netbook 10.10 but it hangs on the "who are you" screen
Is there an alternative for Scrivener (a tool for writers to arrange ideas?)?
How can I install KateSql plugin?
UbuntuOne blocked by Norton Safe web
Screen Savers: Windows .scr In Ubuntu?
How to connect a few PCs without Internet access?
Restoring a note
How to make the emacs not to pop up a window when using tab-completion?
Upstart kill timeout not respected?
What is the best 2D driver for GeForce4 MX 440?
How to permanently add CSS to some pages using Firefox?
Dock does not show after updating to 10.10
How do I screen-capture an inactive window?
Upgrading to linux-image-2.6.32-30-generic failed
Install a different version of a package
Empathy fails to show any contacts, accounts say status is set to offline when it isn't
Google Chrome user agent, wrong language
Will Unity make it easier to resize the active window?
Admin authentication takes forever
VMWare Fusion Folder Sharing Not Working with Server
Restart problem after installing graphical card driver
"paths must precede expression" error when trying to find all jpg files in the current directory
Upgrade from 9.10 to 11.04
I have neither grub.conf nor menu.lst
What Application Indicators are available?
Shortcut to go to the next unread mail in Evolution?
Advanced System Monitor/Task Manager?
Copy files without root permissions
Problem with tint2 transparency
How to know the partition where grub is installed
Why is there only one configuration management tool in the main repository?
WOL and Sleep Mode
how to install firefox 4 rc on ubuntu 10.10?
Twinview on Gnome when monitor is unplugged
How to start gnome-shell?
How to edit "Most Visited" section of new tab page in Chromium?
Boot failure : No DEFAULT or UI configuration directive found!
losetup encryption not working
File added to project doesn't get added to packages
Best way to make a shutdown hook?
Removing pulseaudio, about ALSAMixer
Internet Monitoring & Control tools
Grub installation and Dell recovery partition
Error mounting VirtualBox shared folders in an Ubuntu guest
What program should I use to convert a CDA file to MP3?
Script to move pictures
Recommend regular expression plugin for gedit?
Questions about using Regex Search & Replace in gedit
Desktop wallpaper won't display images, only colours and gradients
RAID 10 not being found by installer
3 monitors with 2 video cards not working
Ubuntu One Bookmark sync not working
Install on Acer Aspire One D255E
Video driver for an Acer 5253
Problems with Maverick upgrade
Can I install Natty alongside Maverick and retain my encrypted /home partition?
Replace string in bash script
Building own kernel on ubuntu
custom libindicator icon is not displayed
Which partition should I install the bootloader on?
Nokia N73 unable to connect to laptop
High CPU usage due to Network manager
How can I display keyboard shortcuts as I press them?
Indicator applet - appmenu - crashes on startup
How to install windows wireless driver?
How restore /var/lib/mysql after i delete it?
KDE 4.6.1 on Ubuntu
Is there an apt command to download a deb file from the repositories to the current directory?
How do I start "Ubuntu classic desktop" (no effects) from the command line
Is there any way to make sure that any file created in a specific folder has a certain group as owner?
When your web server starts paging memory to disk and slows to a crawl, what's the best way to recover?
Is there a non-web based application for calling in GTalk?
How to add a pygtk Widget to the Glade palette?
Download just one file from a package
Boot USB ubuntu image from iPad?
2nd instance of Firefox does not obey GTK2 customizations
Why does my Messaging Menu code not work when split into functions?
List theme for pidgin?
Program to Hide/show Given window with hotkey?
Teminal non-responsive on load, can't enter anything until CTRL+C
Shutdown computer with the remote controller
What causes critical glib errors (when coding using messaging menu)?
Banshee and heat rising to shutoff
How To Create a Personal VM Server
What is Namoroka, and should I have it instead of Minefield or Firefox 4?
updating vim causes usb mouse to freeze
boot with irqpoll
Backup systems config files
Script to migrate unix users and groups
Why do two pc's show up on my account when I  only own one?
Can't get directory listing on my Apache to work
OO Impress incredibly laggy when resizing text
Is there a mirror for the daily Natty ISO (/daily-live/current) in Asia?
How to remove unity 2d workspace animation?
How to use gps receiver bu-353
How should I partition my Ubuntu 10.10 install?
wireless network won't connect automatically
Copy paste buffer configuration best practices
Delete key assigned to a keyboard shortcut and now doesn't work
How can I automatically remove duplicate sources.list entries?
How do I install packages like Oracle Java?
I have customized my Ubuntu Live USB, should I expect the same customization after installing to a hard drive?
Bluetooth and card reader not working on Acer Aspire 255
how to edit "Xorg.conf" to work with ATI HD 5770?
When will Natty dailies have final 2.6.38 kernel in them?
What should I do for change connection from other network computer mysql to my computer mysql?
Problem installing player/gazebo
Will Unity allow users to change the color/appearance of the top-Panel?
Cannot use apt-get anymore because of one specific package
Way to count word occurence
GNOME 3  from the software center is slow and buggy
Is full partition encryption the only sure way to make Ubuntu safe from external access?
What is a Gnome panel "OAFIID" error message and how can I fix it?
How can I recursively change the permissions of files and directories?
How can I put the top panel on the bottom of screen?
Error compiling kernel in iw_ndis.c
How to enable the Code/Syntax highlighting for groovy in VI?
How open Nautilus CD burner as root?
'Photo editor' and 'RAW editor' in Shotwell
Allocating drive space?
Purging unused Ubuntu partition
What keyboard layout allows me to type ç?
btrfs snapshot management
Tool to convert OGG files to WMA?
Backup in a external USB drive
Visual Studio alternatives for ubuntu?
Backup files with rsync: error 23
How to Install Linux on my PC
synchronization works - no contacts
Samsung SCX-4x24-Series-2 driver?
Sense of "stop on..." stanza when job is a task
What video conferencing software is available?
How does rc job work / order of (contradicting) "start on ..." and "stop on ..." stanzas
Keyboard shortcuts not working after removing Shutter
I want to install and get to building a personal MySQL DB
What's the effect of Ubuntu upgrade on the session configurations?
Chromium: Anti Ad Plugin(s)/Addon(s)?
'unknown filesystem' grub rescue prompt; trying to wipe drive and boot 10.10 live
download packages from ppa.launchpad.net via ftp or https
Mixing onboard Nvidia and an ATi card, each connect to one monitor
How do I access and enable more icons to be in the system tray?
Why does the "monospace" font look great in Terminal and gedit, and terrible in IntelliJ IDEA?
Root access issues - how do others manage this?
How to re-download incomplete podcast downloads in Rhythmbox
Thunderbird Contact Sync to Ubuntu One
Is the "magic" 200 lines kernel patch included?
Technical help for disk space allocation
Is setting default mount options for udisks really not possible?
Screenshot of active window doesn't work
Meteorite GUI not working?
How to get RPM install in my Ubuntu Linux system?
Hard disk error
Why doesn't unity dash respect the gnome Main Menu entries?
Will Unity have a keyboard shortcut for accessing the "Session Menu" that appears on the panel?
See configured rules even when inactive
Does ssh key need to be named id_rsa?
How to migrate network manager settings
All files erased after installing Ubuntu
Is there a way to stream audio/video to an Apple Airplay Device?
Upstart script doesn't start
2 hard drives / HD1: UBuntu HD2: Win7. best practice isolated os's for dual boot
HDD does not mount when restarting
Using Gnome-Terminal would like to execute program
Touchpad frozen after resume on a Gateway MX6650/MA2A
How to get Compaq Presario CQ62 brightness keys to work?
How to schedule time-of-day upgrades
Ubuntu confuses my partitions
Over-scan Issues when using HDTV through VGA
How do I hide a specific volume from the desktop, but keep all others?
Are there any good programs to learn Dvorak?
How can I switch windows only in one workspace?
If Ubuntu freezes when running off a USB drive, will it freeze after full installation?
Update/Installs fails with unrecoverable dpkg fatal error because libc6-i386 is missing
How can I test the system footprint of applications?
Installing mysql causes Error 2002 error
Should my Dash be full screen?
Thinkpad (T510) Display Port to HDMI TV
How to reset lost user password on a guest on VMWare server?
Can anyone get an myname@ubuntu.com email address?
How can I create the smallest possible mirror of the archive?
What is the easiest way to record my desktop in Ubuntu?
Error during Edubuntu installation: process:226
How do I make the Dash open up fullscreen in 2D?
Disabling autoscaling when the text inside gets bigger than the object in Dia (diagrams editor)?
Why do control keys (ctrl, shift, alt) not work sometimes?
Is there any way to kill a zombie process without reboot?
Unity install removed window borders, and display drivers
Gnome-panels take a long time to load on startup
Gnome-Panel freezes occasionally
how to adjust "contrast" of a gtk2 theme?
Password Management Applications?
Does any version of Ubuntu ARM support ARM926EJ-S rev 5 (v5l)
How to configure Evolution to use DavMail's LDAP contacts?
How to make Jetty webserver listen on port 80?
Broken keyboard shortcuts
How can I make Tomboy start a certain note on login?
Screen Saver Does Not Show When On Battery
How can I install Ubuntu on a Macbook without affecting my existing OS X installation?
Tomcat6 Manager Webapp returns a 404
How do I make a program auto-start every time I log in?
How can I have different startup programs for "Desktop Edition" and "Classic Edition" sessions in 11.04?
Which music player can write ratings to tags, or: How to not lose my song ratings upon reinstall?
Why does my resolv.conf file get regenerated every time?
Get flash drive to cache disk reads to primary partition
Why don't some cursor themes show up in GNOME?
NEC Corporation uPD720200 USB 3.0 controller doesn't run at full speed
Good business card creation software?
Ubuntu does not recognize my built-in monitor
How can I prevent an app from leaving full screen mode when I move the cursor to another display?
How to PXE-boot from Ubuntu 10.04 Desktop edition?
Is there a way to grep the gnome-terminals history?
Remember folder location in Chrome
Can I get application changelogs using the terminal?
How do you set the title of the active gnome-terminal from the command line?
Fixing software center catalog
Network connection on an Acer Aspire 5253?
Can I use a C/C++ compiler?
How do I install the ath5k driver?
How to report a crash when there isn't a .crash file
Uninstalled aplications still show launcher icons under installed aplications?
How to configure eth0 manually?
How do I get a Ralink RT2070 wireless USB stick to work?
Can I disable the lock screen that happens when I close my Dell d430?
Compiling library from source code, how to overwrite current package?
How do I know if apt-get is going to do a partial upgrade?
Trackpad Mimic Apple's Command Click
Why is bzip2 needed in the kernel patch instructions?
Bash command history not working
Ubuntu isn't on Google's list of Summer of Code participants
How do I install non-free drivers and codecs without an Internet connection?
How to open a file manager of the current directory in the terminal?
How can I force Ubuntu to use the BIOS internal clock instead of NTP or whatever its being used?
How can I download Youtube videos?
Installing nVidia drivers for Quadro FX 880M on 10.10 caused shutdown/startup issues
What's the difference between the server version and the desktop version?
Upgrade 10.04LTS to 10.10 problem
How can I type Japanese characters?
How do I install the Cisco VPN client?
Will Unity lets users flick the left upper corner to reveal launcher?
How to get my bluetooth-enabled phone to pipe its audio through my Ubuntu machine?
Any introduction on how to use sisu?
How can I add new logical partition?
Is there some application to download files from popular file hosting websites?
Error: svn: Can't create directory .svn': Permission denied
Install Ubuntu on Asus Eee-PC 1005PE - Dealing with special partitions
Twinview broken on upgrade to 10.10
ALT+SysRq+REISUB hangs at "resetting" (without actually resetting/restarting)
ASUS EeePC Fn+F2 ruins wireless until restart
Multiple shells in one window
How do I get the Ubuntu loginscreen etc back after installing Xubutu-Desktop?
How to grant write permissions in Samba?
How to connect to the internet reliably
Maximized windows on Unity start without covering the sidebar - how can i do that manually?
How to install Ruby on Rails and MySql?
How to stop turning off sequence when power manager says that battery is too low and want to power down?
How to add a rich control(not just MenuItem) for a applet like Rhythmbox
How can I restart Compiz from a TTY? (& Related, how can I set up a fallback WM?)
Cannot mount external USB 3.0 Hard Disk
Disk failing on Dell Mini, are there diagnostic tools?
Need an interface for a gui shell script more powerful than zenity
Graphics performance of 945GME
apt-get install problem: Errors were encountered while processing: sun-j2sdk1.6
List top/bottom ten lines of a word matching in a file
Msn account not connecting on Empathy
How to get disable nVidia Graphics Card (which has recently expired) so that I can boot Desktop?
What wireless mice work well with Ubuntu?
Ubuntu One says that my account is full, but it's not
Where does the video we play on YouTube go?
How can my audio input always be the webcam microphone?
Setting up aliases in zsh
How to limit number of kernels shown in boot menu?
Software to monitor all Ubuntu systems
PATH command not found
Ubuntu on AMD based Sony Vaio VPCY B15AG
Combine Two Commands In a Script
how to shift applications from workspace 1 to 2 using command
How to install python 2.7?
Fast image cropping
How to enable nvidia-settings and nvclock to set clock frequencies
Grub: Fixing Partitions So Ubuntu Is Bootable
Is it Possible to View Netflix Instant Movies on Ubuntu?
Unable to mount Iphone
How can I type a Unicode character (for example, em-dash —?)
Has this Windows application been successfully installed via Wine?
Recommendation for Regex editor?
How to migrate installed system to RAID1?
how can I reinstall the codecs so I can play my videos back
Add Progress Bar
Difference between Wine and Mono
Additional keyrings for APT in trusted.gpg.d
Dual booting on separate hard drives
Ubuntu one stuck in rescan
How to extract and join files xxx.zip, xxx.z01 and xxx.z02
How do you refresh formulas in OpenOffice/LibreOffice Calc?
Why can't I copy a large number of files to my USB flash drive?
How to customise one session for dual monitors, and another for single monitors?
Problem after auto-mount using pysdm
Can shell (command line) display GUI generated commands?
Why are my speakers working but not my headphones?
I want 'None' for Visual Effects but they keep reverting back
How can I connect to the Internet using an ADSL modem?
Does mysqldump return a status?
What is an kernel update with "Bump ABI"?
One year of Ubuntu experience, still not an expert?
How do I use simpleproxy?
Firefox 4.0 Theming
On 10.04, should I upgrade from Python 2.6.5 to 2.6.6?
Installed Google Earth now can't open Skype
Random 10.10 Freeze Diagnosis
Extra effects does not appear on Dell Inspiron 5010
Vim keybindings for nautilus
Intel 3945ABG wireless not working at all
How can I distribute a file across multiple systems in a network?
How to reset kubuntu to initial state?
Docky "Enable Compositing" error and black bar visualized instead of it
Can't get "gem" command to work - Why?
Drawing tool for evacuation plan?
How I debug an application that loads at startup / on login?
Why doesn't Ubuntu One Save Purchased Music in the designated Music Folder?
php server web user setup
Can I rate an application in software center without writing a review for it?
How do I install Capistrano?
Will 11.04 support Gnome SHELL?
Force resize of Java window
How do I remotely access my ubuntu virtual machine?
Can't login after fsck on Live CD
How do I completely format my disk?
How do I fix my wireless network connection? It stopped searching for wireless connections
Does hibernate work with an encrypted home dir in maverick?
How do I put a web application on the Launcher?
How to run mysql commands through shell script?
Kernel panic - not syncing: Attempted to kill init!
How to install librsvg2?
How can I change the function of the caps lock key within the Colemak keyboard layout?
How can I merge the different keyboard indicators?
os-prober returns nothing
Why does Apache start automatically?
Tool for recovering deleted data from a flash drive
How to change OpenVPN server address?
How do I update to the most recent version of KMyMoney?
Attenuate applications while receiving output from Mumble
who is calling gvfsd and when?
How to create LAN of Virtual machine?
Microphone output gets sent to speakers
Replace IP address within a string
Keep synced folders/data online if unsynced
Use a newer ZTE modem with usb-modeswitch
why my Ubuntu 10.10 CD player can not read CD files copies from WinXP
Which wireless 3G cards work?
How to test if my video card has 3D support?
can I move the Launcher to the right side? left side is too distracting to me
How do I auto-connect to a DSL-USB-modem?
How do I uninstall minefield, now that official Firefox 4.0 is out?
Can/should I unmount DELLUTILITY?
Where is bashrc profile for root?
How do I fix my graphics settings - messed up openGL I think!
Where are the battery graphs?
Will I be able to remove Unity and Zeitgeist completely?
I installed a font that I don't like, and now I can't find it. How do I either find and delete this font of reset my fonts to the default ones
Is there an asus webstorage client?
Skype doesn't find my audio input
How to run a web browser as a screensaver
How to set up two Gnome sessions to start automatically
Is there a way of leveling/compressing the sound system-wide?
Send messages between 2 Ubuntu PCs (Net Send Style)
How do I Copy one file to many subfolders?
Ubuntu generated new mysql configs
Folder tagging?
Clean-up duplications etc. in virtual memory(RAM)
I am having trouble 'syncing' my files
Intel i965 and compiz in 11.04 64-bit
Changing file type icons with Assogiate
How to secure grub recovery mode
Can Ubuntu One mobile stream FLAC files or other audio types or just mp3?
Why's the Firefox Button gray?
I uninstalled unity and now I don't have any desktop environment
How to delete/edit files from readonly filesystem
How can I find my hardware details?
Debconf window appearing after installing Burg
issues to inspect a long text file
How to connect via afp?
What  kind of text formatting is valid on Launchpad?
Oracle installation script execution privileges: "oracle is not in the sudoers file"
Auto-mounts ntfs drives in Read-Only Mode
Can I setup an SVN server on Ubuntu One?
Install PHP 5 on a fresh installation
How can I backup VPS server while it is running?
Default gateway changing
Network file sharing with Apple Filing Protocol (AFP)
Some MP3s have to be synced multiple times before tags are read properly
How to install my video card to the VirtualBox (Ubuntu host, Windows guest)?
Wired networking problem on an Acer am350 netbook
Photo manager that organises by folder structure
What does "No apport report written because MaxReports is reached already" mean?
Is it possible to have a separate remote desktop VNC for each workspace?
What is the real usage of my home folder?
Decrypt $HOME from Separate Partition after re-install
How to mount a ntfs disk in the text mode(from command line)?
Launches the audio player whenever trying to open any directory
Time-based skydome change for Compiz Cube + KDE?
How can I access my files on the computer from a LiveCD?
Unable to add the Stackapplet to panel
Freezes after a period of time on an intel i945
Why can't I access my server via SSH or HTTP on my host machine, but i can on a virtual machine?
Where is Sun's JDK located on the filesystem?
Hibernating my Ubuntu 10.10 takes a bit too long
How do I install the Ask Ubuntu Unity Lens, and how do I use it?
Error: cat: /boot/grub/video.lst: No such file or directory
Broken package error while installing development headers for libcurl
Install Ubuntu on ThinkPad, recovery section must remain intact
Why do I get "permission denied" errors with Python easy_install?
Chrome asks for password to unlock keyring on startup
define static routes at boot
Is there a driver for a NVIDIA GeForce GT525M?
Problem with Public-key Authentication
Where on my disk did Ubuntu install to?
In virtualbox fullscreen mode, can I disable or move the popup menu bar?
Opening a terminal on startup
Permission problems with Clamfs
Wireless not working on a Dell XPS 15
Nvidia problem with Vostro 3700 in Maverick
What can I use to open a floating point tiff?
Firefox doesn't start
How can I add the volume/sound manager to my panel
WiFi stops working after waking from suspend with a Broadcom 43225
Reading AVCHD/M2TS files
How do I get firefox 4 on my Lucid Lynx ? I tried to install it using Synaptic Package Manager but can't find the latest version i.e. 4
Increase scrollbar contrast
how to read time zone information
Completely uninstall/reinstall Eclipse and add support for php and jquery
How do I restart Unity
samba share not auto mounting at boot
Note sync with Simplenote?
Intranet with Ubuntu
Mouse, Mx Revolution Search to Paste Highlighted Text
How do I get a Epson Aculaser C1600 working?
Cross-platform non-ASCII symbols in filenames with TrueCrypt
error: no such device: GUID
Oracle service isn't started on Ubuntu load
How to search pdf files by their metadata
How do i configure huawei usb modem
How do I use Unity drag handles?
Make apt-get install an older version
How to verify that the ISO I downloaded is bootable before I burn it?
What is the difference between "Connect to server..." and sshfs?
Unable to connect to Ubuntu One
Internal speaker not working
After upgrade, get blank purple screen. No gdm and can't switch to tty
Can't perform regular sudo commands, have to use su now
How do I find patches in debian packages?
Can I run several distros on one install?
How to perform a detailed and quick 3D performance test
Deleting last few hours of zeitgeist history like in Firefox?
How can I be notified of what music a friend is listening to?
Problem with skype and usb headset
Problem installing ruby and gems
Where to put One-Off Computer-Wide Software Folders?
ROOT_MISMATCH error after following FAQ directions
Gnome Terminal primary selection and Ctrl+C / Ctrl+V clipboard sync needed
How can I import photos with tags from f-spot to shotwell
How can I restore my computer to factory default using the command line?
Which is the best version of Ubuntu to use on a tablet device?
System is not booting even from windows Bootable original cd
vim/gedit delete words between character
How can I set access to mounted TrueCrypt volumes, and how can I dismount them on logout?
How do I get started with an Ubuntu friendly GUI framework?
How can I start transmission-daemon service before login?
“error: no init found. Try passing init=bootarg” error after power failure during boot
apt-get : unmet dependencies
Buzzing/Static sound in headphones when volume is turned up
Lingot not detecting sound from microphone
Soundblaster gives only fizzing sound
Which edition fits my notebook?
NETGEAR *Security Alert* [58:84:C7] almost on daily basis, should I do anything?
Using the SHIFT key in Terminal
How to diagnose & fix disk failing to unmount properly at shutdown?
Banshee "Encountered a Fatal Error" on launch
Need ProFTPd to follow symbolic link
How to find manually installed packages?
How to selectively transition from safe mode to normal mode?
"System restart required" flag, who sets it and why? How to read it?
How can I use the recovery console to start a session step by step?
How do I format an external HDD for Ubuntu and Windows7?
Installing Ubuntu 10.04 (dual-boot), partition table is not being read
Sound doesn't work with Intel 5 Series/3400 chipset
How do I report a typo on the Unity website?
How to create a .torrent using the command line?
How to config ddclient and make the pc in a NAT availabe to a client in internet?
How do I configure a joystick or gamepad?
Where is my xorg.conf file in my VBox virtual machine?
Running Malwarebytes under Wine 1.2.2
Wifi proprietary driver issue
Sound issue with Banshee, Rhythmbox
Renumber pages of a PDF
Nvidia to ATI card change over issue
Is there a way to align desktop icons to (a vertical and horizontal) grid?
Desktop doesn't load due to intel_agp errors
Experimental 3D Support for NVIDIA Cards
Failed to fetch http://in.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/maverick/Release
How can I tell if I am running 2D or 3D Unity?
How to write terminal contents into a file
Gedit F9 side pane shortcut is not working
Font corruption on a netbook
Why does Ubuntu use Launchpad instead of GitHub or Bitbucket?
Can I force my Huawei E1550 modem to be usable on another network?
Some Fonts don't appear in LibreOffice
Evolution Contacts not Auto-populating
Change the font color for the Skype panel?
How can I convert an AVI file to a Blackberry-compatible format?
How to partition Seagate FreeAgent GoFlex 2TB hard disk?
Why does Ubuntu need to reboot so often?
How to avoid "Assuming drive cache: write through" message during restart?
Grep, ignore warnings
How to detect another sudo process?
Gnome menu with mouse up to the top
How can I use apt-get to list all packages written in C?
Is it possible to change how Update Manager displays the updates?
Surround Sound and Video Setup
Stuck on GRUB Command Line
How do I connect to Cisco Valet Plus Wireless Internet Router?
How to enable generic microphone with an ALC 880 sound card?
Remove text information from a PDF?
Could Ask Ubuntu run on Ubuntu + Mono?
Google desktop logo looks bad
Plugins missing in Firefox 4 whith dual 3.6 & 4 installed
Who makes laptops for Ubuntu?
Formulae created in Excel not working in OpenOffice
How do I get Synapse to search my Tomboy notes?
What does a Keyring do?
How to fix the Google desktop logo in the notification area?
Why does Skype notification icon show up in Unity while Opera and Indicator-weather don't?
I can't login in vsftpd with virtual users
How can I build a website without 'coding' knowledge?
Two ethernet ports on motherboard. How can I get double the bandwidth?
Evolution Calendar Sync with UbuntuOne?
What are the implications of the ffmpeg / libav fork for users?
How do I remove cached .deb files?
Drag & Drop Files and Items in Unity !
No space left on device
Split a text file into two files, without losing revision history?
Is 64 bit Ubuntu stable for general use?
Using recursion with a command loop. What's the syntax?
How to add a new screen resolution for nVidia?
I can't get the directory contents to not be listed when viewing localhost/mySite
Does Totem apply Replaygain?
How can I remove all default installed games?
10 things to do after installing 10.10
How can I remove the Evolution package completely?
Find package name using terminal
How can I accelerate my Radeon 9200 graphic card?
How to Compile and Run C program
How to secure ubuntu server from bruteforce ssh attacks?
How to de-brand Ubuntu?
Monitor not Detected so I have a resolution problem
Password change does not work using GUI
How can I see a list of all my shared folders?
how to fix broken grub after already having tried to repair it?
How to hide GNOME panels?
Splitting channel list in irssi?
How can I add Ubuntu to a windows domain?
How to exclude a subtree from the find command
Is their an application to extract data from files?
Why does Ubuntu only show 3GB of RAM?
Are there any good typing tutors?
Mouse wheel jumpy on scrolling
How to change touchpad behaviour in chromium/firefox?
Purchased software usage and multiple computers
Activating broadcom wireless drivers in CLI
Unity Desktop: Couldn't find a perfect decorator match
Is NTFS-3G safe for writing?
Ubuntu One not connecting to the cloud service
Prefer A (IPv4) DNS lookups before AAAA(IPv6) lookups
Is there a way to check when the OS was installed?
How to fix W: GPG error:..... NO_PUBKEY?
Wine won't install
How do I define another default ssh identity?
Very slow file copy speed (disk to disk)
Bzr and ubuntu one problem
Can a wine app access files outside of the wine drive_c environment?
Hotkey combinations for window management?
Cache of a file editing by gedit on a mounted FTP?
Spread only windows of the current application
Hyper-v and ubuntu 10.04 apt-get update
Login problem
Forcing a "hard" screen resolution resize
Keyboard Mouse Problem
What is the meaning of ~ in ~/somefolder?
How do I get an Enter USB TV Box TV tuner aka Gadmei UTV302 to work?
Bind example.com locally
No boot in partition problem after ext3 format
Ubuntu 11.04 - No Unity in Live-Mode using a Nvidia GraphicsCard
Adjust PCM volume?
init not found try passing init=bootargs
DOS batch script in wine
Can I change the Firefox menu to look like the Firefox menu in Windows?
Why is Ubuntu 10.10 64-bit lagging horribly in a VM (VM Player)?
amd64, i386 (32bit / 64bit) - Which version to choose?
Error while trying to install wine 1.3
copy with ssh with port other than 22
Customizing API keys in Gwibber?
Is there an easier way to chroot than bind-mounting?
What is the term for the unity-menu/panel/input/taskbar/sidebar?
How do I get a SlingBox/SlingPlayer working?
Problems installing packages from downloaded files using terminal
How to share one pgp-key on multiple machines?
After update: `/var/lib/dpkg/tmp.ci/md5sums': Is a directory
Does Ubuntu use security features like DEP and ALSR?
pdftohtml outputting low resolution background images. help?
How do I disable Compiz in the Ubuntu Classic session?
What is the proper way to install Puppet on a server?
Rhythmbox playing an .asx internet radio file
Rooted Nexus One doesn't show up in Banshee
How to share internet by creating virtual access point in Ubuntu
How do I get an HP StorageWorks MSA1500 working?
How do I install RabbitMQ?
Will two Internet connections be utilized by default?
How do I boot from a grub menu?
When I copy something from another window and do "+gP gVim says 'Nothing in register g'?
How do I change my monitor's resolution when working in a virtual terminal?
Can you set keep aligned to off by default on desktop?  
How to boot from ubuntu live usb with 'try ubuntu' directly?
How to use application indicator for KDE application?
Fan not working at all
Migrate from a virtual machine (VM) to a physical system
How do I get a list of installed files from a package?
I get a second menu on my dual boot machine after I choose Windows XP, I then have to choose again
Fixing IP Renewal After Laptop Suspend
Recording output while listening to it
How to prevent seahorse from asking for a passphrase?
Is Ubuntu's mouse(pointer) weird?
Why are there PPAs for each Ubuntu version?
Some "For purchase" apps not visible in software centre
How to delete and create a new firefox profile from tty1?
How to configure bootpd server?
If I install a beta or alpha will I have to reinstall when it is finally released?
Ubuntu server unstable performance
@APP_INDICATOR_CFLAGS@: No such file or directory
Using Adobe Digital Editions to transfer books to the Nook, or a workaround
Forceably set permissions when running rsync
cat command - will it overwrite?
Ubuntu updated and now the option to boot into Windows XP is missing
wireless button display turns on and off repeatedly
Apparmor not starting with kernel LSM error
Can I sync an iPodTouch with both a Mac and Ubuntu?
A browser that supports css3 3d transforms?
Which Live CD should I use to repair my ext4 partition on a MacBook Pro?
Dell DImension C521 won't automatically connect to a wired network
Restore Ambiance Gtk theme for Unity Desktop
Reinstall Windows as a partition after I have Ubuntu
Ignore files in Ubuntu One
Extract images from PDF with layer masks
Access a machine remotely?
10.10 Firefox Speed Problem
Does running Ubuntu on a Dell laptop sold with Windows void the warranty?
How to boot into Single-User recovery mode?
Ugly fonts in Netbeans - How can i make it use the system font?
Wireless N capable Ralink RT2860STA doesn't go faster than 54Mbit
I am writing an iPhone Notes Client, can I integrate it with Ubuntu One?
How do I stop Ubuntu One from syncing when I login?
How to configure firefox from terminal?
Where to start? How to start?
Is there a Disk mounter indicator?
All the PPA in software center has been removed
How to change the Bus / Dev in order to allow xsane to work
Why is the second Windows partition mounted under /host
How do I find the boot parameters used by the running kernel?
How to make Unity 2D dash background blurry transparent using QT code?
how to change file permission of a file permanently that is set back to default on boot
How do I configure Unity 2D?
Switching graphics in Ubuntu ATI
unix env command can't find file even though its in the current directory
Formatted and lost 6 years worth of photo memories.. any way to get this back?
Desktop effects could not be enabled with Intel 82G35
What do you use to edit Microsoft Word documents (docx)?
What PHP & Xdebug based Editors do people use other than Eclipse, Netbeans (anything java based) or VIM
Sendmail configuration
Determining the geometry parameters of a running terminal
Profile error when launching google-chrome
Unable to suspend with FGLRX enabled
Google chrome extension install failure
What's the difference between python-minimal and python-all?
Will GNOME Shell need compositing (like Unity does)?
How to downgrade gcc from 4.4.4 to 4.2.1?
laptop-mode-tools and harddrive spinoff
SSH pubkey authentication works only if another session is already open
How do I turn off font pixel antialiasing only in Terminal?
How to remove Postgres from my installation?
Ubuntu and Windows together
Ad hoc 'Logmein Rescue' style remote desktopping?
How to create a user with root privileges in bash?
"Advanced" Ubuntu links
Script to upload to Internet Archive (archive.org)
Using ALT + Keycode for accents?
Are x11 bitmapped fonts necessary?
What new features does GTK+3.0 introduce?
What would make a font available for desktop options, but not in an app like LibreOffice?
How do I enable Video Chat in Empathy for MSN and Yahoo?
Nautilus icon missing (after uninstalling Macbuntu 10.10 customization pack)
Are there plans to remove the mouse cursor in uTouch?
Manually installing Python 2.6?
Where is firefox button for Firefox 4 for ubuntu?
Unable to install ubuntu desktop guest using KVM
Finding corrupted images
Kubuntu 10.4 No Sound Since Latest Update
Login screen problem, boots into text mode instead of GDM
No internet connection on Dell Mini 9 after upgrade
Where do I get the AppArmor 2.4 compatibility patch?
How do I enable Glippy/Parcelite's indicator applets?
How can I disable/modify the SSH login banner for a given user?
How can I create an installation package?
I'm looking for rEFit for PPC Mac
Is there a Gnuplot GUI?
Need some help creating a script to rename text files and move them to a directory
How do I change the runlevel?
How do I install tar 1.20?
How to uninstall compizconfig?
Naming conventions: apachectl, and configuration: do you think this is correct?
How can i change the top right corner display Name?
How can I recover my Empathy Internet messaging keyring password? It asks me at starting it
How to find the version of ubuntu installed?
What is this dot on my Firefox 4 file menu?
What's the name of PPA? (for ppa-purge)
Is it better to upgrade through the Update Manager or re-install from scratch?
How Can I Get Urdu Fonts?
How to find the version of an Ubuntu machine remotely?
Specifying X windows' geometry in the coordinates obtained from  wmctrl
What download managers are available for Ubuntu?
Is there any useful software for filling out pdf-forms other than Adobe Reader?
gpilot-install-file in a cron job?
How do I get lsyncd 2 working?
In the kernel package name "2.6.35-28-generic-pae", what does the 28 mean?
Network Manager discards changes to /etc/resolv.conf on boot
Touchpad Two-finger Scroll Configuration
How to add shadow to the panel?
What happened to the default Firefox startup page?
Cannot enable desktop effects using open source ati drivers
Why Ubuntu accept paid apps after release?
How can I clear the console window after grep fills the screen?
HDMI sound doesn't work on an Asus EEE
will I be able to run Gnome-shell on Ubuntu 11.04?
wine cannot find L "C:/windows/system32/plugplay.exe
Manipulate browser and OS identification by Firefox?
how do i uninstall a PPA?
Where are debug symbols for backported packages?
How To Determine What Is Causing An App To Start At Login
How to make  grep display only the matching regexp?
No Unity Launcher in Ubuntu 11 Beta?
I can't run Update Manager, or Software Center, or Synaptic!
How can I reinstall Broadcom STA drivers?
proxy settings don't help with update manager
Is there a shortcut in Unity to hide/unhide the Launcher?
How to set GMail as default Mail Application
Is there a way to serve a VM located on a server to clients?
Headphones phones don't work on my Toshiba Satellite L655d-S5066 laptop
ext[34] `commit` option and filesystem integrity
Cannot Log in to Ubuntu
Simplest way to swap esc key with ` key
How to copy/share AWN settings?
Where is zend-framework library?
When (in-place) upgrading to 11.04 are existing installs transferred to Unity?
Banshee deleted playlists keep reappearing
Why is Ubuntu Natty still using Network Manager instead of ConnMan?
Add open terminal to panel
How to enable my terminal's ctrl + shift + c?
Accessing partition inside VirtualBox running Ubuntu
How do I add a static quicklist that opens a web page?
Graphical bugs when putting Gnome panel on the right side
AMD Radeon HD 4250 - Fan noise and driver choice
What is vt.handoff=7 parameter in grub.cfg?
Wifi on Dell Studio 15
Filezilla High CPU Usage
Certain windows are not opening in the last position/size I used them at
How to assign keyboard shortcuts in Kontact?
Will LiveCD test results be aggregated into the laptop testing tracker?
How to Bind to Static IP address in MySQL
Why isn't Firefox 4 available as an update from the Update Manager?
Getting a problem with Cardapio and Gajim, won't launch due to a locale problem?
Will reinstalling Ubuntu destroy my boot loader?
Locale settings are not right. How can I reset them?
Configuring my router
How to use ZTE MU350 USB modem?
Installing Solaris Studio 12.2
how to get Microsoft Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000's zoom slider (and other buttons) to work?
How do I install Ubuntu 10.10 beside Windows 7 onto a fake raid?
Can I change the Unity Launcher transparency?
Cron user root or www-data?
How do you change the font color in the Unity panel?
How do I wipe all personal information from my computer?
Virtualbox: host only networking - proxy internet connection
Low-battery-power action without gnome-power-manager
Is Wubi safe on Windows Installation?
Building a new rig: will a 9800 GT work well for my needs?
Connecting to Internet Through Another Computers Connection
How to restrict users on deleting files from trash folder?
HP LaserJet 1020 always asks for driver install
Google Talk on Empathy keeps disconnecting
What is a virtual terminal for?
Installed libjava3d-java but cannot compile my Java3D project
Why don't my extensions show up in Banshee?
What user settings control audio access?
How well do ATI drivers work with Unity?
Uninstalling MATLAB from laptop, how to get rid of launcher icon?
Can I try the 2d version of Unity on a Live CD?
How to set two runing internet connections at same time?
Audio cuts in and out when using Spotify Linux Preview
Getting a Canon LiDE 200 to work
How can I install Adobe Flash player?
Why can I not synchronize anything except Files?
What can be done when the repositories listed in sources.list go down
My touchpad is recognised as a mouse. How can I fix it?
notify-osd and dual monitors
Will you merge update-manager into Software Center?
How do I install a new Docky theme?
How do I disable comment fetching in Liferea?
Will Totem be substituted by Banshee?
Is "Ubuntu Tweak" considered to be a "safe" program?
"Switch to specific workspace" shortcuts don't work after a reboot
How to download songs from Amazon's Cloud Player?
How can I upload package for several ubuntu versions to Launchpad automatically?
PPA for recent versions of mercurial
Installing Ubuntu on a USB stick from live CD session
No photo album sharing like DropBox in Ubuntu One
Wine takes ages to start
Stuck in grub rescue after Windows install
How do I set which PostgreSQL version is to be used by default?
How to setup a ubuntu home network based on a powerful server and many outdated laptops as terminals?
Boot straight to grub without holding 'Option' on Macbook?
No sound on a realtek AC97
Will there be a place for example a website or a PPA that holds all the lenses for Unity?
How to convert LaTeX equations to SVG?
Installing MATLAB and its launcher icon
How do I create a compiz launcher on the desktop?
Do comboboxes support keyboard input in Gtk+ 3?
Why am I unable to "Test Drive" applications in the Software Center?
Why am I unable to install the Nvidia 96 driver?
Are there any free/open source alternatives to Adobe After Effects?
Is there an alternative to Adobe Fireworks?
Does Ubuntu need to be defragmented?
How do I theme the maximized window buttons with Unity?
How can I disable my touchpad?
How to install Need for Speed Shift 1-2 game?
Does Ubuntu really need an anti-virus?
Possible to add all subdirectories when adding a directory to $PATH
Is there a way to set a password to access the computer?
How can I show the Unity launcher with the mouse?
 Failure to install a package from the command line?
LiveCD no Unity in VirtualBox
How do I change the mouse acceleration curve?
How to make my own command with parameters
HP Pavilion DV2000 web camera driver
Difference between vim-gtk and vim-gnome
How do I handle updates having installed digiKam using PPAs?
Is it possible to type a thin and hair space without entering the Unicode?
Is it normal for nm-applet to use 1,5Gig of ram?
how come sudo give root privileges for a user not in /etc/sudoers?
How do I fix my package state after the installation process (dpkg) was interrupted?
Use "locate" under some specific directory?
Sharing Zimbra local folders between Ubuntu and windows
Is there a way to share resources of a machine by running a program on one machine, but display it on another?
Ubuntu available for smart phones?
Moving from Ubuntu to Windows 7, need hard to be NTFS format
Tool for creating pie charts
Can't install apt-file and ubuntu tweak in terminal
Upgrade crash samba4 error
How do I delete album tags in multiple files?
How to make a window normal size with the keyboard in Unity?
Can I get paid apps access in 10.04LTS?
How to reset wireless card settings
Why does my laptop give a loud beep everytime I unplug from AC power?
How can I remove the shadows from the unity panel?
How can I change the Google Chrome webapp icon?
How can i limit disk space usage for one user?
Can I get the Firefox 4 button icons from Windows XP to display in Ubuntu?
smbclient -M fails to send messages
How can I stream my soundcard output?
App for viewing photos with properties (exif) display?
Partitioning to enable dual boot windows 7 and ubuntu reinstall
Firefox becomes default browser after upgrade. Cannot revert to Google Chrome
How can I see the Monodevelop patch in bug#606470
How Does Gnome Know Where To Categorize & Place Shortcuts In The Gnome Menu?
How to use the webcam's microphone in Skype?
Application with Output similar to the GUI output of "WireShark"
Creating TUN device for IPSEC
How can I make Rhythmbox start playing a radio stream as I log on?
How can I improve my start-up time
How can I install Pandoc version 1.8.1.1?
How to create a meta-package that automatically installs other packages?
Can I arrange the categories in Unity's dash?
How do I disable the boot splash screen, and only show kernel and boot text instead?
Give ftp users access to directories outside their root using symlinks
New menu in Unity panel
Tab completion doesn't work for commands
Flash player for 11.04 64bit
Software Center error: package indexes are changed
Does the "Sync Locally?" option in Ubuntu One, mean that it just uploads to the server?
Always be 100% bright when I'm using battery
HP ProBook 4720s - Fans running constantly at full
How can I make ultracopier handle cut-copy-paste function in nautilus?
Why is the version of transmission not the most recent?
How can I change theme properties of selected unfocused items, they're difficult to read
Can't browse samba share, get a "Cannot retrieve share list from server" error
Gnome Panels not Visible
How can I get a complete list of non-standard repositories in use?
DWA-160 and ar9170usb - Random Disconnects
How do I navigate to a samba location I've mounted in Nautilus on the command line?
Printer Queue for Epson SX115
Ubuntu server: weird terminal
Read a multipage tiff?
Audio problem on some flash videos
Should I use No-Script?
How to make this heart (♥) using keyboard?
How do I remove wifi functionality?
Should I force enable hardware acceleration in the browser?
How do I build Qt Static Libraries?
Chromium wakes up 300 times a second
Function keys in Apple Keyboard don't work as expected
Is there a 64 bit deb for Crossover Impersonator?
What is the difference between the Sync to VBlank settings in Compiz and Nvidia X Server?
Hotot Direct Messaging Issue
Is there a way to install MD5 without using apt-get?
How do I install and use python 2.6?
How do I write raw bytes to a sound-device?
/usr/lib/apt/methods/http eating my bandwidth!
can't boot, get message: ... terminated with status 127
Webcam not recognized on my Sony Vaio VGN-CR363 laptop
Windows list (alt+tab) is not centered after disconnecting from external monitor
Intel HDMI Audio Out doesn't show up in Sound preferences
Why doesn't Preferred Applications include an image application?
How to resolve dependencies when compiling a software from source
Is there some way of repairing/installing ubuntu-desktop from a .deb file?
Shouldn't Unity's dash's "find files" find files that I haven't used yet?
Why don't installation codec updates and ubuntu restricted extras include the libdvdcss files?
Is there a way to access Session Menu with keyboard shortcut?
Does Novell's Mono promote bloat in programs?
How well-supported is the Canon CanoScan LiDE110?
How to prevent a file under user folder to be deleted?
How can I test to see if my touchpad is supports more than 2 finger gestures?
Remote application in ubuntu?
Resize the icons in the home Dash?
How do I join a Windows Active Directory?
How can I either free up enough space on root or resize my partitions?
Can I move the Unity launcher?
Minimal server installation
Application for watching online TV
Why do Firefox and Thunderbird not use Notify OSD?
CLI Screenshot/Streaming screen
HP probook 4310s quick launch keyboard sensor Wi-Fi button gone crazy- blinking
Kill the notification area so I can use the awn-notification-area?
How do i find all files in a folder recursively by the specific name and rename them?
How to change the resolution of my desktop?
How can I setup LDAP client authentication?
Kworker, what is it and why is it hogging so much CPU?
Bash script to start and then shutdown/restart various processes
Rename a file during install of a Debian package
VirtualBox looses gtk theme after system update
Guest has mini freezes on Virtual Box
Java installation for Solaris Studio 12.2
How to automatically graph the output of a shell function
Is it possible for Ubuntu to talk to a Windows 7 Homegroup?
Best NES emulator?
Video Recording in Ubuntu
Use WebCam to record (Including movement detection)
Joystick acts as mouse; won't stop
How to configure an USB DDR dance pad for Stepmania?
How do I quickly access the Unity Launcher?
How do I add swap after system installation?
Webcam software that takes pictures at regular intervals
If I encrypt my home folder during installation, can I do another clean installation over the entire hard drive?
What exactly is a "lens"?
How can I configure default fonts by unicode blocks or single codepoints?
Unity File Lens Giving Useless or No Results
How do I preseed the installer to use a specific locale?
Unity Launcher Hotkeys doesn't launch a new instance of my application
What is the meaning and format of LANGUAGE?
Will changing password re-encrypt my home directory?
Unable to login to Desktop, keeps returning to a terminal
How can I update the development version Google Chrome?
Monitor switching when closing the lid of notebook
Getting rid of Minefield (Firefox daily build)
making any key into a modifier key
How do I build openssh from source?
When is the Hebrew/Arabic Ubuntu font due to be implemented?
How to backup a whole wordpress site?
What to do when Skype freezes silently?
How do I remap the Caps Lock and Ctrl keys?
Where is Anacron mailing job output?
No picture with S-Video
Assign fixed path to printer (/dev/usb/lp0)
How to change font size and/or screen resolution in Virtual Terminals TTYs 1-6...?
Alternative for Exchange 2007 mail and calender sync and shared + public calenders and folders?
Transfering files with FTP
How do I integrate Byobu's copy-buffer with the X clipboard?
How do I install windows wireless driver for TP-Link TL-WN7200ND
Printer not using full page width
Can I alt-tab while dragging a chrome tab?
How to recover Deleted Files and Folders?
Update an entry in the Messaging Menu without having to logout
How do i fix the slow scroll in browsers and high XOrg cpu usage
Does purchased music count against my storage quotas?
What are the different innerworking functions between a live CD and full install?
Network Manager download
Three monitors supported on NVIDIA card?
Lost wireless connection and detection
Not able to open file directories from gmrun
Alternatives for Google Talk and Cisco VPN?
Alternative for Remedy client, AT&T webex and MS Office Communicator?
How do I find hardware information about the fan in my laptop?
How can I subscribe without a credit card?
Why is couchdb installed?
How to add exports to fish like in .bashrc?
Unity crashed, how can I report that to developers?
Can not read /dev/video0
Cannot Control Volume in TVTime
Can Unity display a Launcher icon for Spread Mode?
How do I do a screenshot of the desktop cube?
How do I get a Broadcom BCM4312 wireless card to work?
Is there a Gnome3 stable PPA?
Reinstalling OpenOffice.org
Will Gnome 3 replace my current Gnome session? Or will I be able to use both?
How do I tell if Ubuntu supports hardware-accelerated graphics on my laptop?
Is it not possibly to upgrade to Natty using a live CD if there are multiple systems installed?
Use External monitor instead of faulty laptop monitor
How can you resize the icons in the Unity Dash?
how to add gnome bar network manager to awn?
"U1Conflict" Folders Appearing in Thunderbird
How to default to newest version of Python?
problem with chmod command
Can I get TV-out through VGA?
Is Rhythmbox in active development?
How to recover from fullscreen crash?
How to increase disk space?
How can I solve my boot error with Natty and btrfs?
What package provides the functionality to suggest which package to install when the user types an unknown command?
How to disable the Nautilus searchbox?
Google Chrome initial links typed into address bar lost into the ether?
Is it possible to create users that can only use one directory?
Extremely slow bootup
How to install older version on PostgreSQL and PHP5?
How to remove nautilus and intstall nautilus elementary with coverflow?
What is Ubuntu's market share on the desktop?
Move files with ssh
Disable notifications on track change?
How to repair apt-get command?
Open application to edit text files from the command line
Lost 3 of my 4 cores
How to correctly start a Ubuntu user-mode-linux from the command line
Configuring pidgin-sipe in Empathy
How to retrieve public URL of a file via cmd line?
Up-to-date hardware compatibility lists
Problems with Opera's launcher
Can I set a horizontal layout for workspaces?
Incomplete install and I cannot see part of the hard disk
Is there a hardware temperature sensor indicator?
Script to get the (short) installed app list similar to Ubuntu Software Center?
Why do the default Applications in Ubuntu always change?
Ubuntu for netbooks
Banshee 2.0 upgrade not available
How do I upgrade to the development release without graphics?
Can I get portable applications for Ubuntu?
 Keyboard shortcut to hide/unhide the panel?
Problem recompiling using make command
People nearby and bonjour not working over the same wireless and wired network
Is there a common use case documentation available for Unity?
How can I install multiple versions of Firefox (4.0 and 3.6), preferably using apt
Ubuntu entry in Windows Vista still there, even after uninstall
Grub fails to install on custom USB iso
Installation error with checkinstall
How do I get this Cisco VPN client to connect?
Keyboard Indicator for Layouts with the Same Country Code
Window interface snap window
Fonts showing missing segments
How do I change the wallpaper in GNOME 3 via a script?
How to check graphics card details?
How do I make vim the default graphical text editor?
Mounting filesystem with special user id set
How do I change my username?
LibreOffice missing certain Microsoft fonts
PHP-FastCGI start command not found
Clone screen default (projector)
How to remove Edit Menu Option?
Is there native software similar to Comic Book Life for Linux?
can't install with usb pen drive, SYSLINUX problem
Move the application to another workspace in XFCE
"Can't connect to local MySQL server through" socket error
Ubuntu 10.10 installs with no GUI
Find number of files in folder and sub folders?
How do I install fglrx?
sphinx-build cannot generate epub output
What essential apps and configuration tweaks to install on a new ubuntu laptop?
How can I recover a vdi (VirtualBox) file?
How to set both dual cores to userspace governor
GDM does not prompt for password and doesn't let me log in
Mouse hover over submenu item does not expand menu until I leave and re-enter item
How to skip the terminal update installing progress when the updates is in progress on the unwanted application
Is anyone aware of any progress made in packing updated versions of tracker (desktop search tool)?
What gaming resources for ubuntu(or gnu/linux in general) are there?
How can I find/install a package that appears not to be available
Upgrading from 10.10 to 11.04 (Package Conflicts)
How do I downgrade to a kernel version that I have previously uninstalled
Can I define keyboard shortcuts using the Super key?
Touchpad keeps working while typing even after disabling the option in configuration
How can I set  external monitor as default?
Change Audio Codec for Bluetooth Device
How to monitor what files are opened
Show Grub boot menu on 10.10 system
Xubuntu virtual screen resolution
Installed Wacom Bamboo Pen + Touch drivers, but no dice
Change tab color/shadow on Nautilus Elementary with Elementary theme
Add separator icon to quick launch panel
Why is there no Ubuntu One sync in my tomboy notes sync preferences?
How can I record Skype video calls?
Update manager can not open due to missing /var/lib/dpkg/status
Looking for a log thats bound to sudo
How to change the graphics driver from i915 to intel?
Can I edit which icons appear in the Unity dash?
Set default account in Empathy metacontact
Using Upstart after building Apache & Mysql from source
Backtrack 4 repository?
What 2D/3D engines and game SDKs are available?
How do I check the external hard disk I purchase would support Ubuntu or other linux platforms
Install mod_jk with apt-get
Run custom shell scripts on key press
Toggling language with Alt+Shift doesn't work
How do I disable overlay scrollbars?
apt-get fail with "Unpacking replacement diff"
How do I autosuspend a usb device?
Searching ppa for recent versions of git and cmake
Is there a Daily/Alpha/Beta Bug Report Applet/Widget?
How to download html5 videos?
How can I make NetworkManager assign specific addresses and names to machines that connect via "Shared to other computers"?
After paying for my music ubuntu-one-music-store tells me my network is down, yet it's not!
Can Windows 7 ultimate and ubuntu 10.10 work together as a dual boot system?
Spotify under Wine
Domain name isn't assigned from DHCP when booting from Live CD
BBC iPlayer error "A Problem Occurred While Downloading This Programme"
Gnome shell theme / decorations broken
apt 404 error when when updating with a PPA
can the hostname changed via DHCP?
Why do I get a "the location is not a folder" error when trying to open files using Dash or Synapse?
How do I disable vsync in CCSM and Catalyst Control Center?
Wubi installation on laptop keeps becoming unresponsive
Gedit isn't picking up new plugins
Will Ubuntu 11.10 uses GNOME 3 apps with Unity interface?
Will Ubuntu use lzm2 or xz compression to save space on the CD?
How do I mount a Motorola Xoom so I can sync music?
Does GNOME Tweak Tool work with GNOME Shell built from GIT?
Can't install Scribus 1.4
php does not parse using nginx & phpfm
NetworkManager quits randomly causing disruption to the internet connection
How do I add the System Monitor applet to Unity?
Keyboard and touchpad do not work after upgrade
Why does deleting a file on a USB stick not free up space?
Galaxy S not detected, how do I make it work?
Dell Vostro 3400 reboots instead of shutting down
gnome-open confused: Could not display "/home/msw/anything"
Theme doesn't work. Gnome looks bad
Known Chrome/Chromium themes that match popular themes
Where is the inittab file?
MacBook Air 11" (Late 2010) Touchpad/Trackpad doesn't work
Battery recognized and 100% charged but not working
Is there a way to install globalmenu on lxde or openbox?
Is there an user activity monitor/alarm?
Mounting Shared Folders in domain using Active Directory Authentication at login
su command + authentication failure
I can't install the ndiswrapped WG311v3 drivers
Why do I have to unlock my private key to perform a download operation?
Error while configuring python in apache2
How to stop Orca from running when I open sound preferences?
Custom daemon script: works, but does not run at boot / startup
Can I reprogram Mouse-Keys?
Keeping menus clean when using both KDE and Gnome
Home button icon missing in Unity 2d
sendto: Permission denied error
Atheros Wifi works on one desktop computer but not another
cabal install readline ask readline not found error
Eclipse (Aptana-Studio) - strange transparency areas on the IDE
User Permissions
How do I hibernate with s2disk from the menu?
What is a good MySQL manager?
How do I turn off the laptop screen while using an external monitor?
How to play a webm video file?
Anthy bar doesn't show up
How do I wget a file from any machine on the network?
Desktop feels slow: ati X600 card's fault?
What could I use instead of the GNOME panel applet "Character Palette" in unity
Problem installing Cabal-1.8.0.2
Virtual MIDI Piano Keyboard setup
Use Ubuntu One account to purchase from 7digital website?
How to show only opened apps in the current workspace on unity?
How to make folder writable to 2 users in different groups?
Can't run xRDP, terminates unexpectedly
How to add Minecraft to the Unity launcher?
Unable to login to phpmyadmin with the root user
How do I add a static quicklist for Opera to open new tabs and windows?
How to add/restore workspace on the launcher?
How do I configure an Apple Magic Trackpad to use with Unity?
How do I install the native Spotify application?
How to encrypt a single folder on my external hard drive?
Can I skip over releases when upgrading?
Ubuntu Software Centre fails with package catalog error
Show playing song of Last.fm in the sound notification panel
Software for converting various multimedia file formats?
Today's dist-upgrade on Natty
How do I remove a file with 2 hypens in the name, like --karmic.list
How to see the Video Card Temperature (Nvidia, ATI, Intel...)
Disable GDM on ubuntu netbook remix
How can I limit battery charging to 80% capacity?
Please suggest an application to convert photos to video
How to get serial number of my monitor?
How do I handle .WIM image files?
How do I run a macro in the selenium IDE without having to take my hands off the keyboard?
Internal hard disk mounting
Exception on Desktop[sic!] sun.awt.X11GraphicsEnvironment
The problem of Virtual LAN and iptables's configuration
What are the differences between gconf and dconf?
Will there be some kind of widgets for Unity ? 
captive portal vpn
Error message in Update Manager
Getting Wacom Bamboo Pen + Touch pressure sensitivy in GIMP
Won't recognize external sound card after latest update
Some appilications auto start itself repeatedly after login
grub2 deadlock situation
How to fix ahead disk mounting / ahead of time problem
How to disable cryptswap?
Sleep command not working with start up applications
Apply a view to every folder in evolution
What happened to the icons in my tray area?
How well does an ATI mobility radeon hd 5650 work?
Executing a Super-user command through .bashrc
Ubuntu Kiosk - delay loading browser/gnome until custom application fully loads
Using up arrow to run previous command
Schedule a theme change using cron
How do I use my laptop as a screen for PS3?
Can't get usbmon to work
What do I have to do before giving away my Ubuntu machine?
Nautilus "locks up" when browsing directories with version control, many files
Permanently set process limit
How to update Ubuntu from Windows in a dual boot setup without booting into it
How well does the Macbook Air work with Ubuntu?
Is there any media player that can playback MSS2-encoded videos?
Totem issue with youtube: gstreamer
How can I share my iPhone's 3g connection with my Ubuntu 10.10 desktop PC? Currently using MyWi app
How can I reduce or increase the number of workspaces in Unity?
Sound is played in a loop without mouse or keyboard activity
Path not setting up for a setup
How do I know if my video card can run Unity?
How do I enable the 3D Cube so I can use it in Unity?
Creating .deb with javahelper
How to clear recently used files without using a terminal?
Change keyboard layout in Wine?
How do I make a custom launcher for terminal applications?
How does the Ubuntu upgrade process work?
Export WiFi Certificates
Redefined ctrl key: can I obtain multiple strokes by holding?
How to restore installed packages from backup
What does upgrading modify?
How to run a custom set of programs in a specific workspace?
Ubuntu reinstall without moving home folders around
Ubuntu on samsung 9 series thin laptop
Which software is available to connect to and manage cell phones?
My Facebook doesn't work on Ubuntu 10.10 but works on Windows XP
Computer not hibernating despite free swap
How do I install Windows 7 without overwriting GRUB?
Bluetooth activation problem on acer 5742G
Make "compact view" as a default directory view instead of "icon view"
Xbacklight can only decrease brightness
How to make X.org listen to remote connections on port 6000?
How do I type a backtick in RubyMine with a Swedish keyboard layout?
Thunderbird or Evolution?
What happened to /etc/apt/apt.conf?
Latest kernel installed, but not running
How do I add classical categories in Unity's Dash?
Getting completion feature with Alt+F2 in Unity?
How to fix "No previous changelog" failure in Launchpad's PPA auto-builds?
Unity 3D versus Gnome Shell
Possible to memorize what are open before an application exits?
Is there a text mode browser which supports javascript?
How to create a new partition from the existing partition?
Why isn't the configuration to make KDE apps look native default?
Recovering data from a faulty disk
Does not install to hard drive on an MSI Wind
How do I set up Android ADB?
How do I figure out what package something is in without resorting to Google?
Recovering from messed up binfmts configuration
Wget server issues or the command is wrong?
Garbage on rotated screen when I rotate a certain monitor
Will the software center offer an option to donate?
What shall I do with the 2nd partition?
How to Download files from Ubuntuone to Windows
Can Gedit or Gvim copy multiple seperate lines to the clipboard (maybe by using bookmarks, or a script or another editor)
Howto auto-mount windows-partitions using /etc/fstab
Keyboard shortcut to respond to notification?
How to use ~/.XCompose in Qt/KDE Apps
Uploading or attaching files that located on a shared drive doesn't work?
How can I ungroup applications separately in unity launcher?
How do I get a D-Link DWA-140 usb wlan working?
How to install Gnome 3 without breaking Unity?
Can not log into SSH unless logged in locally
Moving large data between Ubuntu systems in a home network
Installing Java on computers with no internet connection?
Where is "Connect to Server" for ssh connections in Unity?
How to add a button on unity panel (from Nautilus's bookmarks)?
Humble Frozenbyte Bundle - Error when installing .run file
How do I allow regular users to install printers?
Dell laptop with Ubuntu preinstalled in India
Full-screen problems with LibreOffice/Unity
What would cause 'ping localhost' to fail?
Mouse and keyboard don't work on an Inspiron 2650 after installation
No launcher in Unity?
How do I enable the libreoffice quickstarter in unity?
WiFi - Does not connect because of different MAC's
Mouse theme doesn't  work all the time
Convert my physical Operating System to a VirtualBox Disk
How to remove Change Desktop Background from right click?
Is there an equivalent of Silverlight?
Will gnome3 installation affects unity?
Daily (open source) Bible devotional guide software
How to copy files to multiple hosts across the network?
Only a few internet pages will load
Will upgrading to 11.04 destroy my current desktop settings?
Show Time drift relative to a time Server
How do I enable apt-get tab suggestions on my server?
What is the preferred way of transfering a filesystem between two local HDD's
how to rename directories that are hard to type?
I s there an equivalent to the Netspeed Applet?
Alt+tab out of fullscreen game
Humble Bundle Game 'Trine' not working
How do I start a script at login?
No sound in shadow-grounds survivor ? (64bit)
Alternative software to freeping?
How do I back up via FTP and rsync?
How to avoid mysqld to start on boot
HP DV7 Ethernet Intermittent flashes
Use of /opt and /usr/local directories in the context of a PC
2d story maker?
How do I make a smart playlist of my purchased music?
Cufon fonts in Chrome very grainy
unity.desktop xession file
Is there any way to roll back the most recent upgrade?
Where do I find the Google Talk plugin once it is installed?
Is there a way to add a window list on the panel in Unity?
Only record while I am moving the mouse or typing
Search results in Unity are always empty
Error when installing patched Unity launcher
Is it possible to search among content of documents?
What is the difference between Unity-2D and Unity-3D?
RAM usage for webadmin
organization of zoneinfo folder
move pointer automatically to default button
Where can I find the full list of Compose combinations for my locale?
How to make fat32 partition mounted at startup?
How do I install phpStorm?
Proper method of installing Enigmail
Alt+tab-ing games (like Trine or Aquaria)
I upgraded and the old wallpapers gone, how can I get them back?
Is there a way to tag folders with colors?
How do I make the microphone work on a toshiba portege laptop?
Is there a way for non-experts to create new lenses/drawers for the Unity launcher?
ThinkPad workaround for no "super" key
Does installing with wubi affect performance?
How to send print to Windows XP?
Installing Ubuntu with wubi or with standard installation
Configuring to detect if a command does not exist, suggest installation
How to change the shortcut to adjust brightness?
What is the correct pronunciation of 'Ubuntu'?
Troubleshooting wireless network connection: DNS not working
Which applications support the new scroll bars?
How to mount a samba share permanently?
How to remove open source noveau and replace it with the proprietary Nvidia driver?
Why doesn't Ubuntu know the word 'Ubuntu'?
Disk Drive / not ready yet or not available
Booting ubuntu gives "init not found"
"Updating VMware Tools for Linux" spins forever
Ubuntu 32 or 64 bit
How do I remove all programs connected to Wine and Wine with one command?
Why do firefox 4 and evolution always open maximized in Unity?
How can I play Ace of Spades?
Threats while using ubuntu?
How to add my favorite places as a quicklist in my home's icon in Unity?
Recommended USB video capture device
SSH keys not working
How do I get an NVIDIA Geforce GTS 450 working?
How to decrease LibreOffice icons size?
Facebook email account settings for evolution?
Is there an Application Monitor?
How do I enable automatic updates of all packages?
Permissions issue with symlinks over samba
Will removed default apps come back after an upgrade to a new release?
How to setup a Wireless Access-Point using my laptop's WiFi card?
Changing colors in terminal output
Ubuntu One webinterface to manage contacts
What should I do when the system says it cannot find /
How do I whitelist Truecrypt to show in the indicator area?
Cannot mount nfs4 share: no such file or directory
I'd like to prevent maximize from covering one third of the screen
Command line interface to make a ogg mono from stereo
Toggle synaptic touchpad with double tap on a corner
How can I use Alltray in Unity?
Where should I put the Broadcom BCM4313 driver for Asus 1018?
Is it possible to change the 'Check Email' shortcut in Dash?
Battery not recognized on my laptop (and it recognizes my laptop as a desktop)
Backdrop equivalent
How to change background color of gedit embedded terminal
How to disable gnome-screensaver with a remote control?
Lenovo Y460 won't boot most of the time unless plugged in
JPEG files default to "bless" (Hex Editor), not to "eog" (Image Viewer)
Performance degradation after upgrade
What does Ubuntu software center error "bad quality package " means?
Is Compiz now embedded in Unity 3D?
Is compiz embedded in Unity 3D by default in 11.04?
editing apache vhosts and ubuntu hosts file?
Which version of Unity am I running?
Radio tray icon applet does not load in Unity
Is there a Battery indicator?
How to change the shortcut to scroll?
How to uninstall Latex?
move main menu from top panel to top of the window?
Xampp won't start MySQL?
Issue with "ServerName" upon Boot or Restart of Apache2
Setting up mailboxes for all users in a group
How do I get gnome-do to run terminal/bash commands?
Colour font installation (emoji) in Maverick Meerkat 
Ubuntu Netbook update interrupted
What is GSettings and what does Unity use it for?
How do I upgrade python-scipy to something newer than 0.7.0?
Bring up restart / shut-down dialog box using the keyboard
rsnapshot push TO the server FROM the client
Unable to open "Windows Network" to see other computers on LAN
Configure Trackpoint sensitivity using a GUI
variables in bash
Localization of kturtle
How to partition a new 500gb HD only installing Ubuntu 10.10?
How to install Covergloobus?
jwhois not working
Can I buy less than 20GB of additional storage on Ubuntu One?
Can I install updates while software center is installing?
Ubuntu Server Automatically Insert Password Using Python3
syntax for SOCKS proxy in apt.conf
Reopen A Python File Where It Left Off After Restarting
WUBI boot error
How to enable overlay scrollbars?
Reporting System Unity Freezes
CPU Frequency Scaling in Unity?
How do I enable overlay scrollbars in Firefox?
Is there a programmable way to tell if the screen is locked?
What is cygwin compiler?
Screen freezes upon screensaver when playing video
Video performance on a Lenovo T520 is slow
the best way to edit a video MP4 file
Can Unity run smoothly on an HP Mini 210-1000
How can I get the taskbar to spread over multiple rows?
Is there a better (closer to home row on keyboard) shortcut for the home directory in bash than tilde?
Extra dash insertion when trying to run tar
Is the current warty-final-ubuntu wallpaper going to be like that until the final release?
Installing nVidia drivers from website
Notebook + external monitor = system crash
Install on Toshiba ac100
Installing BSNL UTStarCom 300R2U ADSL2+ Modem via USB port
What is the difference between "Certified" and "Ready" hardware?  
apt-get fails with: "cannot utime"
One line command for adding new items to com.canonical.Unity.Panel systray-whitelist
Using python3 To Install Git -> If Statements/File Reading Error
Static IP address changed to another static IP address. What needs to be changed?
Odd issue,Wubi Installation won't boot, when another ext4 drive is plugged?
linux-swap partition is in extended drive
Can I slow the speed of the cursor on a laptop touchpad?
Is there a process indicator for Unity?
Can I boot straight into bash from a USB drive installation?
Firefox hidden cookies not in cookies.sql?
What's the best chat client?
How do I access an NTFS storage partition?
Why won't hp print driver print past a test page?
Why does empathy show a transparent video preview and then crash?
How do you record the audio from a web flash video, e.g. from Hulu or YouTube, and make an audio podcast
How do I get Unity back after Gnome Shell install?
Can't ssh into a hadoop node
select pages for pdf print
How to change the default printer in evince?
How do I get custom icon for apps in Unity dash
Problems with saving filled form in pdf
Recommended method to backup Ubuntu Server
ISO to USB || Ubuntu to Windows
Is burg compatible with 11.04?
Can't boot without 'nolapic' kernel option. And system hangs after few minutes
Will the Nouveau driver continue to get updates?
My folders have been synced but I don't see any files
General Rules for dealing with File Permissions
Is Nautilus elementary compatible?
Can the network indicator be hidden?
Delete a Directory 
Can I set the scrolling speed when I mouse over the launcher?
How do I get Gajim to show up in Unity's system tray?
Can any browser switch to already open tab, if address you're opening is already open?
Music player incorrectly identifies downloaded music as "streaming"
Keeping monitor Dell desk monitor 'connected' to dell studio 15 laptop?
Login sound plays, but no sound during session
Can't find external CD/DVD in Virtual Box/Windows XP mode?
How to launch a new instance of Google Chrome from the command line?
After restart, how can I ssh into my system?
How can I pause/resume an apt-get update process in a terminal?
How to access an ubuntu machine via VNC from the login screen?
Whitelisting ports for detection in rkhunter
How do I give Ubuntu more space (when installed inside Windows 7 (via wubi))?
Why I Can't swap the windows on Window List at gnome panel after upgrading?
Will my Intel video graphics work with compiz?
Ubuntu Hangs While Working
Why does my $PATH have only 3 entries?
How can I know what version of ubuntu I'm running?
How do I run in Terminal in Unity Alt + F2?
Show Firefox bookmarks button in Firefox navigation bar?
Where's the copy-paste progress window?
FIles not synced
.Net and Visual Studio in Ubuntu?
Is there an Inhibit Sleep indicator for Unity?
How do I download all the assets loaded by a webpage into a directory?
Suddenly can't set my resolution to 1440x900 (or any other wide screen res)
Cannot save tar.gz file to usr/local
converting aac to mp3 via command line
What's wrong with this Zenity code?
Configuring two displays with Unity
Desktop guide for 11.04 provides incorrect information
How do you create a multipurpose launcher?
How do I mark a file as executable via a GUI?
What is the best way to lock down Unity for guest accounts?
What Custom Launchers and Unity Quicklists are available?
How to change tooltip's background color in Xfce?
Where can I file a bug for having a "primary" display checkbox in gnome-display-properties?
Getting specific firefox source snapshots for installed firefox in lucid(or whichever)
How to fix very slow Ubuntu booting?
How do I do right-click the icons on the  Unity launcher using keyboard keys?
Can't install uwsgi
What is the difference between `ssh -Y` (trusted X11 forwarding) and `ssh -X` (untrusted X11 forwarding)?
Is it possible to install on a CRT based iMac (the large, fat, old ones)
Is there some tax reporting application?
Core usage of my Dell studio 1557
The computer does not wake up from sleep after a RAM upgrade
How can I use Rhythmbox to rip high-quality VBR MP3s
What Internet bandwidth speed tools are available?
Error when formatting the Hadoop filesystem
Indicator-network or a connman frontend for KDE
Ignore package in update manager
How do I manually set the system time in VirtualBox?
Tweak "Send To..." option in nautilus
Using humanity system icons for created application
Unity "Sidebar" - is it configurable/repositionable?
Applications Not Showing Up in Unity
What is changed in fonts configuration from 10.10 to 11.04?
Download ubuntu updates via a windows computer
No wireless after resuming from suspend?
How do I transfer files from the guest system to the host system?
Is is possible to calibrate the battery for my Lenovo IdeaPad S10e laptop?
How to add seperators to static quicklists in Unity?
Using gnome-open to open pdf files
Splitting an MP4 file
Test Automatic Connectivity
Command line calculator that keeps fractional values
Custom mount points in gvfs
How do I make Unity remember which applications are in the launcher?
Are PPAs safe to add to my system and what are some "red flags" to watch out for?
gedit messes up file names in headline
Why am I unable to access the context menus in new Firefox?
How can I execute a command through a browser?
Convert CAF to MP3 or WAV?
Setting the owner of the file created by start-stop-daemon output redirection
How do I setup OpenVPN so I can securely use the internet from an unsecured hotspot?
Did the gtk-integration of LibreOffice improve with 3.4?
Is it normal for syndaemon to use 100% CPU?
ubuntu one (client) on a server
I'm looking program for vector based animation/video
Make gconftool-2 set wallpaper from root dir
How to fill out the forms and save the inputs in this tax report pdf file
How to add cardapio to panel?
Is there a vertical clock applet?
How can I copy a gtk theme?
Why does my calculator automatically open (multiple times) when my computer is idle?
How to change clicking behavior when double clicking on a mountable unit
Who can send me a skype package?
How to get differents backgrounds for each desktop working properly?
How can I change Unity's super-t binding to something else?
Highlight manpages syntax?
Constraint-based software to help with scheduling
How do I upgrade from Ubuntu 10.10 to Ubuntu 11.04?
using wget to download pictures results in junk files
Delete GTK theme
Video doesn't work well in skype
Is there a CPU temperature monitor for Natty?
Read character encoding with sed
Is it really necessary to upgrade the kernel?
"Simple" gnome applets in Unity - stickynotes
How to install Firefox 3.6 and 4.0+ in parallel?
How do I suspend over ssh?
What is kernel panic?
Installing F-Prot
What are Launchpad packaging recipes and how can I use them?
How to disable gtk-theme in covergloobus?
Kubuntu and Windows 7 dual boot, clock time changes automatically
Discover Whether A Program Is Installed From Python3 Script
Hard Drive Partitioning
Where are the new desktop & server features documented?
Where is the netboot image?
How do I set another search directory for wallpapers?
How do I get to which window I am hovering over?
Are there any existing apps similar to GNOME 3's chat popup/respond box?
Enable Overlay Scrollbars In all Applications
Multi-server setup for Windows clients with Ubuntu servers
Which keyboard setting corresponds to "United States (International)" in Windows XP
What does "cp: omitting directory" mean?
Remap Caps Lock key to 'Run Command' (Alt+F2)
How do you pin your favorite apps to the dash?
Is there any easy way in Unity to add shortcuts to the desktop?
How to change cursor in Unity?
Creating custom tasksel recipes
Ubuntu 11.04 doesn't distinguish between audio outputs?
How to change to a specific openoffice document in Unity?
Ubuntu 10.04 LDAP Replication
Dvorak layout with Qwerty hotkeys (Dvorak — Qwerty Ctrl)
My .odb database spikes the CPU in OpenOffice and LibreOffice
Environment variables from /etc/environment not propagated to child process?
Shortcut to hide libnotify
Extend the Ubuntu disk space that was installed beside Windows 7 without reinstalling
How to change the command of the application launcher in Docky?
Can I get the ip from another computer connected to my ubuntu one account?
Installing PyQt4 for Python3
WebGL is not initializing properly?
Any open source data analysis software around?
How to leave only the icon in the Me Menu?
Where does the Mod4+P key binding come from?
Multi-Threaded File Copier?
Are there any GUIs for Mysql? What is recommended?
How to get Logitech M305 wheel tilting to work as forward/backward?
indicator-weather doesn't work
How to make global menu always shown on unmaximized window in unity?
Why can't files be renamed by using F2 on the open files dialog screen?
What recent netbooks, as of April 2011, are known to work properly with Ubuntu?
Left button -> Send to...(no option to send the file as an attachment using evolution)
The panel date/time Applet doesn't show the evolution agenda's events
How do I force Wubi to download and install 32 bit version?
Can I unlock Mac folders from a USB stick?
Wubi installation
Different docks on different workspaces, or configure awn to behave differently on different workspaces
How to programmatically swap the caps lock and esc keys?
How can I install TeXMaker 3?
Migrate apps from Ubuntu to Fedora
How to use 12voip.com (Betamax) SIP service for calling and sendingSMS?
Where have my Panel Applets gone in Natty?
Project Hamster Time Traker, lack of Unity support
Free software for interactive panoramas?
How to recursively remove .svn metadata folders?
Checking laptop's battery state in a terminal
How to change extension of multiple files from command line?
Upgrading from Ubuntu 10.10 to Kubuntu 11.04
Ruby IDE for Ubuntu
Suspending Ubuntu using terminal
How do I install the Reddit Unity Lens?
How do I set time for use on a server where microseconds are important?
Can't get ipv6 address using dhcp
Xine always starts muted
Sitecom Wireless Network USB Micro Adapter Problem
How to determine the partition on which Ubuntu is installed and resize it?
How to make the Unity Launcher to be transparent?
How to hide hard disk size in volume name?
How to determine the size of a package while using apt prior to downloading?
How to make the Unity launcher always visible?
Multi screen problems "virtual size does not fit available size"
Create live wallpaper slideshow that changes based on date rather than duration
Can't copy highlighted text from Tomboy to Thunderbird (or other apps)
Touchpad two finger sensivity problem
Broadcom BCM4312 wireless card does not work in 11.04 but did (out of the box) in 10.10
How do I determine what packages require a certain library?
How can I debug panel applets?
Gnome-Do sometimes stops responding to superkey+spacebar
How to stop tor from starting before Vidalia?
Sync Banshee with Ubuntu One music without having the music locally?
How to use loose focus feature of Xserver?
Dependecies not met --  language-selector
How do you handle unity freezes?
How can I make 'man' more gui friendly?
How can I return from a new release to an older-release?
How do I make a theme have SQUARE instead of ROUND windows?
Is there a file system best suited for a torrent partition?
Using External Monitor with Laptop Monitor as separate monitors
How can I remove the top panel in Unity?
Who can attend UDS?
Is it possible to colorize permissions-part of the output of `ls`?
How to have separated but vinculated multiple Ubuntu One accounts?
Clone user profile
Turn off international characters when I use Alt-Shift-[Character]
Folder shared from unknown user
Ubuntu Server installation command mode - cfdisk command not found
Package Manager Error: setting up language-selector-common
I want to know about Ubuntu basics: shell, command  etc about Ubuntu. help!
Moving files to /dev/shm ramdisk doesn't increase RAM usage?
Not detecting any wireless
How to fetch the code of the binary installed on a  machine?
Many of my signatures/public keys for my repos disappeared!
Alias for virtual host using Apache2
link key to a bash script
Is it safe to install VirtualBox for 10.10 in 11.04?
What's a command line way to find large files/directories to remove and free up space?
How to log off an user from SSH?
Repo errors when doing apt-get update
Ubuntu One on Lubuntu?
Why dash is too dark?
Link button to script
Where are sound themes located?
Can't install Ubuntu 10.10
Can I resize the Unity panel?
With Unity, Evolution calendar alarms are not persistent. How can I make them so?
Used Hyper-V to create a Ubuntu VM and VHD is showing 1/8 the capacity
Frequent CPU hogging
How do I remove a repository from the terminal?
Is it possible to install without using the graphical installer?
Lost files on my ubuntu cloud
How do we create users on UEC?
How can I reset compiz to the default settings?
How can I get compose back on ibus?
How do I set a network proxy with Network Manager?
No window manager running by default on boot, what is the best method to ensure one opens cleanly?
How can I find out if I am running Unity 3d or 2d?
Why are graphics so slow/jerky/lagged with an ATI 4250?
How to access Apache2 virtual host from VirtualBox (or any VM)
GNOME Main Menu; remove arrow
How can I assign Super key + Up / Down to volume up/down?
Theme changed by itself
Can you disable notifications on ubuntu one sync?
How do I debug Upstart scripts?
How does unity draw the fallback panel window buttons?
Is there an applet or tool that can show an overview of workspaces?
Undefined reference error _dl_stack_flags with gcc and pthreads
How do I install the Unity Books Lens, and how do I use it?
How to get KDE cursor
Will third party unity lenses be included in the dashboard search?
What's the easiest way to install Drupal locally?
(Dual monitors) Indicators displaying in panel on both monitors
Can I prevent X from crashing when I unplug my external monitor?
What is different symbolic link with hard link after unlik?
"you do not have the hardware required to run Unity" on VMware
How do I get a main menu in Unity?
How to use my iPod nano 5G?
How to checkout using subversion and https
No keyboard layout indicator (text) in the notification area
Getting the PID of the process showing a particular window
Gedit has an unlisted Ctrl-D shortcut which deletes a line. How can I override it?
Is there a way to change what time the update manager checks for updates?
How can I convert my root partition from BTRFS to EXT4?
Why won't ssh-agent save my unencrypted key for later use?
Annoying clicking noise on Asus 1018p, how to turn it off?
Are daily builds of Ubuntu stable enough for general desktop usage?
Setting Up Automated Offline Back-Up
One monitor doesnt work anymore after Standby
How do I blacklist the gallium ATI driver?
Catalyst Control Center disables dual screen on login
Tips and Tricks for Unity
How to restrict users on changing their wallpapers?
How to remove GNOME classic session and associated packages?
How to restrict users on accessing my machine through ssh and VNC?
How to start firefox in fullscreen mode?
How do I get apt links to work with Google Chrome
Wubi Install as Root User
Left Ctrl key not working in VirtualBox
How can I always show the hover title in expose when using compiz?
Change Window List back color
How do I make abiword show it's icon in unity launcher?
Macbook Trackpad very coarse
why do i get titles of OO document in Gibberish
Error when sending signed mail in Evolution
Wget schedule sending mail if response time > 5 secs
Why Unity 3D in Natty doesnt have the same accordion effect we saw in Unity in Ubuntu 10.10 netbook edition
Find and manage multiple copies of the same file/directory
Unity launcher keyboard shortcuts for "/media" mounted drives?
does Lenovo fingerprint reader work in ubuntu?
What is the hp_accel module, and what does it do?
FTP access to one site is denied
Using GParted to remove windows partition
When I create a bootable USB device, does "Startup Disk Creator" use all the space on the device?
How to get Unity dash overlays maximized by default?
Play 2 videos in sync on a loop in Ubuntu
Updates/Installing Problem
kruft: why do i gain 1GB each time i do a distribution upgrade
Why does my computer startup again when suspended?
Why can't I run update-manager-d to upgrade?
Any programs to help tag/organize files?
Gwibber does not respect proxy settings
What are the needed locales for dialog scripts to display correctly?
Is it possible to set an arbitrary size for the Dash in unity?
Why doesn't compiz show the outline when I use the grid?
Changing wireless network settings by editing files - is this possible?
How do I clear the list of recent files in Unity Files and Folders Lens?
Can't change keyboard layout selection
App for Syncing between Ubuntu and a very restricted Win7?
Mouse bindings in GNOME 3
How to show .Trash and hidden files on USB sticks but not in $HOME?
"Special device does not exist"
Where is my cronlog?
~ no longer takes me to my home directory
Ubuntu 11.04 randomly logs out in middle of use
Modify manually PWM of my fan (fan speed)
Error when starting BitCoin
Unity 2D documentation?
Adding a Python script to Application Launcher
How to enable overlay scrollbars in my app?
How do I disable Munin?
Network icon shows an Internet connection, while ping does not
Can I throttle Liferea?
Can I use the Unity launcher icon to minimize applications/windows?
How can I remove duplicate icons for "launched" java programs in the launcher?
Any SyncToy replacement?
Ubuntu doesn't boot after kernel update
How can I downgrade Python or use many versions?
Switching by hotkeys between workspaces with VirtualBox instance
How to configure terminal window to open on a specific default path?
Is there a way to blacklist an individual application from using overlay-scrollbars?
Is there an upstart event for files systems that get mounted manually?
How to set a password for workspaces?
How to create bash file and allow it to accept an argument from the terminal?
My infopanel screenlet is blinking all the time
How do I create a standard icon set?
Monitor Calibration software
Installing XFCE desktop (package: xubuntu-desktop) alongside GNOME desktop (package: ubuntu-desktop): ubuntu-desktop breaks
Unity and games don't work on new Thinkpad T420
How does the docky show desktop Docklet work
how can bind the compiz Scale plugin to the corner of my window?
Problem installing R
No terminal in Applications menu
How to change the application to open pdf file in Firefox
How do I add a software source?
What is saved when you upgrade and should you upgrade or wipe clean the disk?
What's the best, most compatible sub-$100 graphics card for Natty?
How to add vpn connections while using connman
How to convert and translate HTML file with KDE Lokalize?
What accounts for the smaller size of open source apps?
How do I import a public key?
Right-clicking on the Unity desktop does nothing - ideas?
Choosing GDM login window theme via GUI without Ubuntu Tweak
Ubuntu tells me I have packages to upgrade when I don't
How could I begin C++ programming on Ubuntu?
Creating a Fortunes file
IDE Drive won't mount
Allowing apache access to a subdirectory in a home directory without access to the home directory
Runs ok in 10.10, screen flickers continuously like neon light in 11.04
How to hide Google Desktop icon on Gnome?
Is there anyway I can play a video on login
Why isn't iTunes working for me?
How can I adjust the brightness of my webcam?
Unity dual monitor wallpaper corruption
Is there an equivalent to FireShot for Firefox?
How to escape this in the bash script?
Can I disable monitor dimming/screen saver when playing videos? VLC/Web(HTML5/Flash/Silverlight/QuickTime)
How do I run BleachBit from the terminal?
Firefox cookies not being saved
Trying to mount old encrypted home
Freeze at startup: "It seems that you do not have the hardware required to run Ubuntu"
This flash plugin was blocked because it is out of date
Is there a program like Microsoft Paint?
Wacom Bamboo Pen & Touch not working after installing doctormo's PPA
Wine or virtual machine (VirtualBox) to run apps (eg. Photoshop)
Removing a package broke gnome-panel, how do I get it back?
What to use to annotate PDF (Highlight/Underline)
How to move windows between workspaces using the mouse?
UFW firewall still blocking SMB despite adding rules
How to put the windows close button on the right?
How to move windows around and between screens?
How to move windows around and between monitors, using keyboard short cuts?
Cannot enable desktop effects on an hp dv2000
Extract icon from Mono executable
Why pressing the left arrow key in MonoDevelop's code editor panel changes the panel focus instead of moving the cursor?
Commands to do things like alt-tab
What is a good system/hardware utility to show what type of memory I have?
How to record the terminal on a server?
What is the current frequency of my processor (CPU-Z equivalent)?
How can I use digikam instead of shotwell in the dash?
gvfsd-dav process
Where can I get python-gtkhtml2?
How make Shotwell scan only specific folder?
How do I turn on and off compositing from the command line?
Slow download speed but high surfing speed
Is it possible to remove shadows behind windows and menus?
How to make the disk utility ask for password before making modifications?
Extracting from a tar file - Default behavior: overwrite or keep?
How do I pre-install Ubuntu for someone (OEM install)?
How to install Cinnamon desktop environment on top of Ubuntu?
How to reorder tray icons?
A bug has a "Fix Committed" status. Why am I still experiencing it?
Is it possible to have more than 4 desktops in Unity?
Boot into recovery console
Foxit Reader on Wine runs but does not install?
Why does my Transmission client tell me my tracker list contains invalid URLs?
Unable to control volume using keyboard button on Dell Inspiron N5010
Network Interfaces Do Not Function When Ubuntu Is Installed On An Asus 'Striker Extreme' Motherboard
What do you do when Ubuntu hangs/lags? Ctrl+Alt+Del?
How can I make the window buttons in the panel match the window buttons in the window decorations?
My computer doesnt support Unity?
Why is a restart only required on some updates?
How do I launch the "SMB Browser" and point it to a Windows Print share?
How can I change the user during a bash script execution?
How to set a VNC password?
How to transfer a file from one system to another system in a single command?
How to - View sound percentage?
Banshee crashes at startup
To mount NAS on a Laptop?
Blurry vertical sections using fglrx with Radeon hd 6970
Do not start bluetooth automaticaly. How to do that?
What happened to the Ubuntu Weekly Newsletter?
How to check if a user is logged in?
"Desktop effects could not be enabled" in VMware
How to activate super+scroll to zoom?
Batch Image Crop to 6x4
Alternative to Ubuntu One Music Store (non-US)
How to make Adobe Air audio work?
Apt-mirror monitoring how to?
How to remove show passwords option in Thunderbird preference?
How to setup a domain server?
How to have a way to quickly change programs in Unity?
Tail - how to quit tail and restore terminal window?
Where is the Countdown Timer Image for ubuntu 11.04
Home launcher disappeared, how do I get it back?
How do I get C++ to work with Code:Blocks?
Weird logout, system freeze and restart problem
How to mount FakeRAID to /home of a new system?
Booting takes a long time
Automatically mount encrypted directory, other than home, on login
Where Can I Give Feedback on Ubuntu?
Why is my theme switching to the classic and back again?
deactivate Compiz for a single window
How to make YouTube fullscreen actually fullscreen?
How enable tab-completion in Dash to run commands?
UDF DVD mount issues in Maverick
My permissions are messed up
Macbook 2,1 - Everything works except wireless!
How to see all available `man` manuals?
What is a good starter Ubuntu book?
Picking a torrent application for a server
Updating UFW (uncomplicated Firewall) doesn't affect existing connections
Force application to only be able to save files in a specific folder
Is there a functioning wifi tool (not network manager) that works on public wifi and supports VPN?
upstart pre-stop killed during shutdown
Run script AFTER automounting usb hdd (udev, mount --bind)
Ubuntu not booting with a missing /sbin/init
How do i add and Force the Screen Resolution on an HDMI output?
What does Banshee need to recognize an audio book?
how do I recreate my ubuntu account?
Would I benefit from reducing, or increasing swappiness?
PGP KeyServers: Creating Personal Keyserver
Can and should I try enabling the CONFIG_INOTIFY kernel configuration option?
Can I install LAMP and some IDE on my USB device?
How can I automatically set my status to Available when I log in?
How can I see a list of all the systray icons that are not whitelisted?
Acer Aspire 5742 HDD activity pilot light is always on when I insert a SD card
Ubuntu One Windows crashs when opening preferences
No Wireless with Dell Inspiron 1501
Numpty Physics: fullscreen? additional levels in a .deb?
How to remap keyboard shortcuts in Unity Launcher?
How To Install New Nvidia Linux Driver Supports Ubuntu 11.04 Series 270.41.06?
Floppy Drive not recognised
Close laptop cover
Is a NVIDIA GeForce with Optimus Technology supported by Ubuntu?
Is there a VRML2 (VRML97 / WRL) viewer?
How do I share my NIC which has internet connectivity with another NIC?
Make updatedb ignore dot-paths
ssh connection closes after successful login
command line thumbnailing
Home entertainment/DVR solutions
Can I upgrade a wubi 10.04 install using a 11.04 install image
Can access NAS by SSH in terminal but not through Nautilus
Dell Inspiron N5010 mic not working
GNOME 3 Shell keyboard/mouse shortcuts
How can I autostart a SSH -D tunnel at login for a SOCKS proxy?
Running gmail on chrome in a separate icon on docky?
Extracting and automating xkeycaps configuration
Combining old settings files with new ones
At what time does cron execute daily scripts?
How do I add a picture to a contact?
How can I fix Chrome to minimize into the Unity launcher?
Wanting to start development for Ubuntu (and most Linux distributions in general), which is suitable? Python or Vala?
What is the program that suggests installable packages?
How do I get embedded MIDI files to play in Chrome?
Which Ubuntu flavour is right for my Power PC machine?
How to add a network drive?
How to use Hybrid Graphic Switch on Sony Vaio Z?
How to fix a build when trying to patch the original file?
Cannot restart, reboot, nor shutdown Ubuntu 11.04
How can I configure the system monitor indicator (indicator-sysmonitor)?
Unable to install, no screens found
How do I give Ubuntu 11.04 more space (when installed inside Windows 7 (via wubi))?
Is there some place to adjust preferences for unity other than CCSM?  
Where do I find information about Templates for Create Document
How to bridge connections?
Sound over bluetooth to transit to several blueooth headsets
After the removal of Ubuntu Classic in 11.10, will I be able to install it once again?
Recover from an interrupted 10.04 to 10.10 upgrade?
What folder are updates kept in so I can sync them?
ssh connection "permission denied" message
How to recover a removed folder instead of recovering the whole partition
Single node cluster installation permission errors
how to change vsftpd default port?
Will everything (downloaded fonts, files, apps etc) remains the same when I upgrade from one release to the next?
Evince print to pdf file fails to print
How do I upgrade from 10.04 to 10.10 in one command by using the terminal?
Laptops that will work with Ubuntu
Reduce the number of kernels with _GRUB2_/Ubuntu 10.04
How can I change the Unity launcher delay?
Nvidia driver activated but currently not in use
List of Quicklists available for Applications
Using indicator-appmenu in maximized mode only
used space in a new empty partition
Can APC ups wake powered off machine up when AC power is back?
Is there an Ubuntu One client for Kubuntu?
How to disable autohiding for launcher in Unity
How can I "downgrade" gstreamer?
How to make firefox main windows have no decorations using devilspie?
Guake terminal showing up wrong in Unity
What can I do to reduce temperature using various throttling techniques in 10.04?
After moving hard drive to new computer, networking is not detected
How do I free hard disk space allocated by Virtual Box disks?
All 10.10 apps will work after going to 11.04?
Hp laserjet 1018 printer keeps asking me to install it everytime I plug it in
GRUB2 wont start after installing Ubuntu on separate harddisk
Make application always on visible workspace by default?
How to make gnome classic the default desktop using command line tools?
How do I find the last logged system boot and shutdown times?
What's the history of Ubuntu?
How do I generate a file with suitable permissions using sprintf() & write()?
How to show icon Googsystray?
What's the best way to Natty Narwhal 11.04 upgrade?
Installing a tar.bz2
What are the differences between the Ubuntu shipped kernel and the upstream kernel?
Grub. Dual Boot Windows XP and Lubuntu
Will there ever be blur effect on the launcher vertical bar?
How to restore a single file from a package?
How do I change the Sound Menu's default music player?
Is my processor 64 or 32 bit?
Show appmenu even when the top panel is not mouse overed
What will be the new features of Ubuntu 11.10 Oneric Ocelot?
What is the shortcut for closing all of the open directory windows in nautilus?
I am unfamiliar with Ubuntu on my Dell Mini (pre-installed)
I have a 32-bit machine, can I use programs that are meant for 64-bit processors?
What is the lightest desktop interface for ubuntu and is Unity-2d classified as a 'light' interface?
Upgraded with some problems. What happened to my panel? The panels just disappeared
Graphics very jerky on Natty Narwal
How to install Wesnoth game from a tar.bz2?
How to stop wifi disconnection when eth0 link becomes ready?
Upgrade from 10.04 to 10.10 lost MBR
Why aren't viruses an issue?
Why doesn' t wireshark work?
Can new kernel be deleted?
How to install .xpi file for firefox?
Point cloud software
Is it possble to install .pkg.dmg in Ubuntu
How do I mount CD-ROM at /media/cdrom0?
Photo Gallery Screensaver
Hbase installation failure
Ubuntu One: can this be used for backups?
When will deb multi arch support be included in Ubuntu?
Remove original battery indicator from indicator applet
Is there an easy way to view the print queue?
XUL-based simple text editor? (to benefit from Rikaichan when writing text files)
GNOME 3 shows a striped striped bar on top of the screen
Can I use a Crikit Broadband 3G moden through virtualbox?
How can I access Flash files from streaming websites?
Second screen detection
Unable to locate php5
Does Ocra screen reader come on Edubuntu by default?
Boot time is super fast, how come?
Is there any daemon which constantly monitors system and execute script?
Why doesn't Transmission respect my 1 KB/sec upload limit?
When piping input from one program to another, what happens to the original program if the program receiving output is killed?
Cannot get Dell Wireless WLAN 1397 Minicard to work
Is it possible to slipstream updates?
HDD light is showing disk usage very high at times. How to investigate?
100% CPU consumption with Adobe Flash videos in Chrome?
How do I configure apt to use a Proxy.pac file?
How to compile Asus-syntec-webcam-driver stk11xx
How many Ubuntu VMs can I reasonably expect to run using KVM on a Dell R410 Xeon 5645 with 24 GB of RAM
How do I deactivate F1 and F10 keybindings in gnome-terminal?
Ubuntu in Hyper-V I/O issues
On what specific time are ubuntu versions made public?
How do I change the size of the compiz window shadow?
Remove Banshee's sound menu support
How do I remove Wine program entries from the menu?
Looking for an application for the start-up phase of romance writing
Drag and Drop across (fullscreen) applications, switching via Alt-Tab
How do I get the Presentation Minimizer to work in LibreOffice Impress?
network-manager applet does not detect internet connection
How to add a bookmark to the Home Folder icon in Unity?
Does it make a sense to install final release instead of beta 2?
Installing kubuntu using a pendrive!
How do I check how much power my laptop is drawing?
I can't connect wireless network when wakeup after Sleep & Hibernate
How do I hide Banshee?
How can I make the Quark music player work in Unity?
How do I get DVD to play in VLC from unity dash launcher?
how do i stream a video in my server to my computer?
Can I install  UNR in 11.04?
How to display world daylight map?
Where can I download GNOME Shell themes?
Installing Ubuntu using updated Live USB
Installing Snippits fails
Graphics card not supported, unusable interface
Very safe to install Ubuntu on Mac?
How do I add a launcher for .sh applications?
How to ignore assigning /dev/cdrom to specific device?
Install ie9 under wine?
Can the Unity dash search for content within files?
Why is my internet so slow with an Atheros wireless card?
Screen resolution stuck at 1024x768
How can I ensure transmission traffic uses a VPN?
How do I install Cheese 3.0?
What's a good cheap video card?
How can I install metatracker from source?
Trying to install Ubuntu: Shrinking the Windows Partiton
How to get Red5 working?
How do I install MySQL workbench?
How do I add applications to the Unity launcher?
Gwibber only launches sometimes
Find out what packages were installed with a particular package?
How to copy command console text?
When do iptables rules become active?
How do I know if a certain blueprint will be discussed at UDS?
Adding a new drive for email server
Where are all the emails stored in postfix?
Taking advantage of an "Intel Turbo Memory" card for swap or fast bootup
How do I configure syslog server in 10.10 desktop?
Fortran and C IDE
Does Nautilus Support Undo/Redo for Basic File Operations
Check the correctness of copied files
Thin clients video in LTSP changed when adding a new video card to the server
Where are all those emails stored in postfix, location of storage of emails so that I could backup?
Impossible to install
How do I change my keyboard layout while using xmonad?
How to setup a file server over the Internet?
11.04 on MacBook Pro 7,1?
What are the new features of Ubuntu 11.04 (Natty Narwhal)?
Is Unity going to use the GNOME 3 stack?
How do I recover my RAID partition after the Ubuntu 11.04 upgrade?
Removing conky drop shadow
best visual debugger for kernel
Review / edit startup programs rembered by "Remember Currently Running Applications"
How do I recover my RAID partition after the Ubuntu 11.04 upgrade?
"PM : Resume disk failed" error
How do I remove all packages from a certain repository?
Which backend does Cairo use on Ubuntu?
Why is S-Video Out Not Working on an Acer 5720Z
PDF to word conversion software?
How do I adjust the terminal shell window width?
Why (again) Ubuntu's recommended version (for 11.04) is 32bit, not 64bit?
Will Unity work with an ATI Mobility Radeon HD 4250?
How do I set up SIP voice calling in Empathy?
Global application menus implemented for LibreOffice in stable release?
Why are Ksoftirqd -processes pushing my CPU-LOAD to 100%?
MacBook keyboard layout – swapped keys § and `
No sound on an ASUS 1018p
Where is the netbook edition?
Resolving dependencies related to 32 bit libraries on 64 bit
How would I store desktop icon placement?
How to update to 11.04 through flash drive?
Increasing ubuntu partition space
Where is the Tomboy panel applet?
Dropbox gone from indicator area after upgrade to 11.04
ALSA permissions
NVIDIA drivers not working after upgrade. Why can I only see terminal?
Why isn't CompizConfigSettings Manager installed along side Unity?
Realtek ALC1200 Sound input
Gnome 3 ppa was unstable until April 28th, so is it ok now?
Resilience of Btrfs inside RAID5
Is there a Gmail notifier that works with multiple accounts?
Gnome-Do - shouldn't it be more stable?
SFTP upload script, there is no key
How can I put the Launcher on the other display?
Open source cursor animations apps
Now that 11.04 is out will 10.04 still upgrade to 10.10?
My ATI Radeon Video Card still has quite bad performance in Ubuntu 11.04
Is Turbo Boost Working?
What kernels exist for Toshiba's ac100 and where to get them?
Banshee doesn't support bubble notifications? (libnotify)
How do I install the Elementary theme?
Geforce Go 7300/7400 Blacklisted, Can I Still Run Unity?
Upgrade 10.10 to 11.04
Is there an alternative to Microsoft Office Visio?
Tried to upgrade from 10.04 -> 11.04, how to fix broken packages?
Hosting files, such as PDFs, alongside your code on Launchpad
What is this "slab" that I am seeing in my session file?
How can I set up that the menu bar on the left is always shown?
How can I activate Unity?
How can I remove window shadows in Unity?
How do I quit Banshee?
How do I install the Ubuntu emoticons in Empathy?
Screen, windows, and menus are flickering horribly
Problem mounting Drive
Good python application for source code studying
No grub display after installing aside Windows 7
Can I receive Twitter updates without granting write permissions for my Twitter account?
Erased Application and Files from the launcher, how do I get them back?
Can't get wireless card to be recognized - Dell D630 - Broadcom BCM4311
How do I remove top panel on dual screen on secondary monitor?
GRUB: "invalid arch independent ELF magic" after install on SSD
Add Vim to Unity launcher?
Colour profiles in Gnome Color Manager
How to set Ubuntu as wireless accespoint in the GUI way?
dump dpkg package list for fresh installation
Embedding Album Art While Ripping
What are the different colors on the unity launcher icons?
Sound works for only one user at a time
Is it possible to customize shortcuts in Unity dash?
My terminal is invisible
Hard to find one window among many
Why isn't lo-menubar installed by default in LibreOffice?
Primary user won't run Firefox 4 after upgrade to Natty
Dual screen different font resolution
How to install one GUI program on Ubuntu Server?
Sensors applet (temperature) for Ubuntu 11.04?
How to remove "Apps Available for Download" from the applications lens?
There is no Ubuntu One pairing record
How can I get apt to use a mirror close to me, or choose a faster mirror?
fglrx fails to load causing black screen on boot
How comes I can't use Unity with the propietary nVidia driver for my Geforce 410M?
Where is ccsm found on my application menu?
xorg.conf in ubuntu Natty 11.04
Uniformizing Unity icon background color
How to access a usb flash drive from the terminal?
Dual boot with Ubuntu 11.04, OpenSUSE 11.4 and/or Fedora 15 beta. Does the order matters?
How can I remove the Trash icon from the Unity launcher?
Cannot get new job to run using /etc/crontab and /etc/cron.daily
What's the difference between sudo and gksudo when launching graphical applications?
"Permission denied" errors whe starting a single node cluster in Hadoop
How do I get the touchpad on a MBP 7,1 working?
Recover Ubuntu - after failing Update to version 11.04
How can I hide one wine app from the Unity panel without blacklisting all wine apps?
Nautilus file copy from smb://server/share is 25Msec but when I mount its 4Msec
Menu bar for Thunderbird
Unable to shutdown/restart/hibernate
How to add sound applet to "taskbar" in gnome 3?
When manually setting up hard drives in the installer, how can I set custom mount points?
Why don't the launcher/other new features show up?
How does Unity's dash index and search work?
Missing Build Dependencies when upload to Launchpad
Are appindicators and notifyosd useful for other than Ubuntu's Gnome users?
Startup splash screen flashes then black screen
How do I install Apache Tomcat 7?
What is the best way to configure a Thinkpad's TrackPoint?
Quicklist for Google Chrome (for bookmarks, new windows, etc) not working properly
Simple-CCSM won't install
How can I revert back to initial configuiration of 11.04?
How to reset visualization in Movie Player to default when it always crashes on launch?
Lost Unity panel - how to recover it?
Application indicators don't seem to have tooltips -- is this due to conformity to touch interfaces?
Only mouse is responsive after closing laptop lid
Where do I place a file for bookmarks for all users
Is there a command that returns network utilization?
Resolution set too low on startup, solutions do not work
When installing Haskell, dependency is not satisfiable: ghc6 (< 6.12.1+)
Several GRUB error messages on startup
ubuntu package repository backup problem
See files on an ISO DVD without burning it to disc?
How to disable auto-hiding of the application's menu in top panel?
Can't use external monitor via HDMI
How do I enable the emusic store in Banshee?
Unity available from live-cd but not after upgrade from 10.10. How to fix?
How can I open another window of an application in Unity 2D e.g. another Terminal?
Is there a Gmail notifier that integrates with the Messaging menu?
Dell inspiron M5010 gets slow after upgrade
Is there a way to regain preview workspace functionality in unity?
How do I create a desktop launcher?
Unknown keyword in installer: Ubuntu 11.04 boot from USB
After login, desktop appears but there's no menu bar and no dash
What is that Dell laptop on Ubuntu home page?
Unity doesn't start
Can I install GNU Hurd in Ubuntu?
Crash during installation of flashplugin-installer after upgrade
How to run a command with no-tty access, to run in admin privileges?
Detect internet connection
Getting Error on Synpatic Package Manager, UbuntuTweak on the Repository and Ubuntu Software Center
How do I manage applications on startup in GNOME 3?
How do I set-up three monitors with two graphics cards (3d acceleration enabled) in Unity?
How can I report key binding bug into launchpad?
Is there a program that can make your mouse pointer jump to the next monitor?
Local file system not properly unmounted during shutdown
Diagnose brightness control
 Black screen after upgrading Natty 
Change home folder in Natty
How do you navigate without a Windows key?
What is different about the Mac ISO image?
What happens with Windows applications installed via Wine during upgrades?
How do I remove the Unity launcher?
How do I force Unity to not use compositing?
How do I read CPU temperatures on a Phenom II processor?
Remap Window shortcuts for use on a laptop
How to add a PPA on a server?
How can I change the default Unity keyboard shortcut?
Will LibreOffice 3.4 be included in an update?
Ubuntu doesn't start anymore after upgrading 11.04
Performance being really choppy with ATI drivers
System freeze caused by ath9k driver
Mouse Configuration - Where to configure special mouse button to perform some compiz actions?
Ring Switcher in Unity
Monitor CPU usage in unity
Resizing a window freezes the entire system
Screen turns black when plugging in a second monitor
Information on package versions from old releases?
Ignoring a complete thread in a mailing list
Using gvim as editor for Thunderbird
Enabling Compiz Disables Windows Title Bar - Why?
How would one install a side by side installation of Python 2.x, and Python 3.x
How do I manually boot from the grub prompt after do-release-upgrade?
initramfs problem when out of disk space
Nautilus shortcut for new blank files?
What's the best way to implement a script for tiling windows?
Cannot tether iPhone under Ubuntu 11.04
Is there a free option for playing WMA files?
Make recipients field of Thunderbird just one line high
btrfs - Unknown filesystem?
using DNS lookup in chroot postfix
How to change directory at the end of a bash script?
How can I open a .dmg file?
Battery life decreased after upgrade to 11.04
How do I disable TCP Window Scaling?
apt-get update : Failed to fetch; Unable to connect to Launchpad
Why is this item showing up in the Software Center when it doesn't exist?
How to redirect output to screen as well as a file?
In Unity Everything Running on Gnome Freezes
Personal file sharing error, can't find webdav package
Time/Date indicator doesn't appear in the panel
Asus 1215n GPU driver/s don't give me a "full" OS experience
Can't change Backlight brightness in Asus ul20A
Use the whole Speed of my Core 2 Duo in Natty
ralink 5390 card in laptop does not work after installing driver
Video not working properly on an integrated Intel 82865G card
strange Unity behaviour in fresh install
Cannot upgrade, "could not download the release notes" error
moving windows lags after update to Natty
What is a terminal and how do I open and use it?
How to play music files directly from folders?
Upgrading to Ubuntu 11.04 failed
How do I install Revenge of the Titans?
Terminal shows menu in panel but window is missing
How do I keep my alternate CD upgrade from using the network?
Is it better to install Ubuntu as a windows application or dual boot?
Seeing the weather again in the "current time bar" on Ubuntu 11.04
Changing effects in compiz causes problems with the top panel
Laptop with hybrid graphics. Problem with drivers
HP Laserjet p1005 stopped working after upgrade
grub problem with windows 7
Minimal install xubuntu
Any way to get VMware Fusion's Shared Folders working with 11.04/Natty guest?
"fixing recursive fault but reboot is needed" error
Unity Bar auto-hide behaviour and application icons placement
Emerald doesn't work anymore?
How to setup Qt Creator to compile Windows executables?
Thunderbird says my inbox is 80% full; ISP says no limit. What gives?
Missing of gnome-panel applets after upgrade
Launcher Icons Revert to Default Upon Login
How can I resize my partition?
dv6000 wireless card wont turn on in 11.04
How to disable "on mouse stop auto click"
GUI problems in Ubuntu 11.04 using 'Ubuntu Classic (No Effects)'
External monitor Ubuntu 11.04 64 bit not working
Why do I get two icons in lower panel for each application running?
Monitor displays signal out of range until the graphical interface is loaded after installing
How to properly play .mkv files?
dconf-editor gone from repositories?
Wireless doesn't work on a Broadcom BCM4311
Disabling SMART Disk Utility Warning Message
Desktop is stretched across dual monitors
Where can I find out what features are getting added to the Dash?
Cannot log into Unity with nvidia-current
Fetching all Software Center reviews?
Unity launcher about:config does not show anything
What happened to the quick desktop button?
Dual booting Debian Squeeze & Ubuntu Natty: should I share /home and/or other partitions?
Multitouch Gestures - Maverick -> Natty upgrade
Missing Math Symbols in LibreOffice/OpenOffice
KDE or upgrade?
How to fix Ubuntu classic on 11.04?
Will Unity offer more keyboard configuration?
Can't compile matplotlib on Ubuntu 11.04 / ft2build.h: No such file or directory
Installed Unity 2D on 11.04, not showing in the login screen?
Is there a feature like Alt + Tab for groups?
Automatic unlocking of keyring?
How can I get Broadcom BCM4311 Wireless working?
System refuses to boot at the first attempt
how to change default launcher icons in unity for a new user?
How do I recover my data from an encrypted home directory?
Can I install Unity 2D and 3D at the same time?
Dreamweaver alternative in ubuntu?
I installed Ubuntu 11.04 Beta 1 and updated every day. Should I do a final version fresh install?
Wallpaper is broken and mouse pointer is inconsistant
Unity 3.8.12 Release Date
Where is the "Open with..." option in Ubuntu 11.04?
Are there Metacity themes for Unity?
Why can't I hear the login sound?
How can I turn down the sensitivity of my volume slider
How do I debug when the system freezes or when it crashes back to login?
Auto-hiding Gnome panel should be always on top -- Which gconf key to use?
My taskbar doesn't show up after startup
How do I enlarge the mouse pointer/cursor?
After Natty 11.04 installation system won't boot
Error fetchin' ATI Driver 64 bit
Broadcom wireless not working (worked on live session)
Application menu with root owned windows?
No Sound in right speaker
How do I change the "favourite" files and folders in the files and folder lens in natty?
Application menu only on maximised windows?
How can I diagnose and report screen flickers in Unity after upgrading?
Windows Vista/Ubuntu 11.04
Can I view my files sorted by date?
Unity launcher menu "reaction speed"
How to correctly disable auto-hide in Unity 2d?
How do I fix Gnome after update?
Navigating between app icons in Unity with the keyboard
How to verify whether I have updated from beta to stable?
Download deb packages with download manager instead of apt?
Is it possible to use an alternate CD as LiveCD?
How to get compiz cube effect to work in classic mode?
Is it possible to configure the menubars to stay on their associated window in Unity?
How to import playlists from Rhythmbox into Banshee?
How long does it take for Ubuntu One to sync my files?
Emerald & Compiz
Unity desktop does not load, it switches to classic mode
Calling unity in terminal breaks unity in X session
How can I browse by genre in Banshee?
Dell Studio 1747 doesn't come back from hibernate
Ubuntu 11.04 install did not work?
System hangs at startup on the wallpaper with logo
Launcher doesn't remember custom icons
Atheros AR2413 not working after upgrade
Toshiba Satelite T135 temperature is always above normal
Upgrading to Natty with /home on a separate partition
No tab bar or application menu or Unity
Ubuntu 11.04 wireless network problem
How do I change a stubborn start-here icon?
Screen flashing, application bar disappearing, mouse freezes in Gnome
Loggin In Six Times
Calendar not working in Thunderbird
How can I remove Ubuntu 11.04?
What packages are installed on a fresh installation?
Home Icon Quicklist can not be added to Unity dock
How can I see a list of all open windows in a panel in Unity?
Duplicating gtk treeviews
Upgrade to 11.04 freezes on boot
Problem with screenlets and permissions?
How to add programs to start up?
How to make brighter the connection used in Network Notification
How to make Banshee notification in Ubuntu 11.04 show the playlist by default
Why is my storage partition xxGB, when Disk Utility, and Gparted say otherwise?
How to drag an image to the side panel to open with Chrome
How to drag KDE programs to the Launcher in Ubuntu 11.04
System not mounting swap partition
3D compiz effects choppy and slow. How to fix?
Can I add icons to the sound menu?
How to make Dash more friendly with commands
How to/When sync gmail contacts with ubuntu one?
Places menu in Unity
Does Unity work well with the ATI Radeon X1200 series?
Nvidia 5200 graphic card active but not currently in use
Windows in Unity are Jumpy
How do you zoom in Ubuntu Natty?
Can't set Chromium as default browser
How can I check the health of my hard drive?
Is the Units Policy still being drafted or is it finalised?
How do I restart a Unity session from the terminal?
How to re-purpose a computer to be a NAS type server?
Is there an application that randomly selects a wallpaper upon logging in?
Unity installed on one system, not on another
Lenovo Y560 won't boot unless it's on AC power
Strange window manager behaviour
Where & how to edit very large video files?
Root filesystem check fails after power failure during installation
Is there a way to include NVIDIA drivers before installation?
My system takes too long to boot is there a fix?
Messaging Menu Keyboard Shortcut
How do I install the col command?
Lock Screen causes screensaver to crash, session freezes
Ring Switcher in Unity - Mouse combinations don't work
GRUB/BURG hates Windows 7
How do I whitelist Adobe Air applications in the panel?
Is there a Tablet version of Ubuntu coming up?
How to enable dual monitor with an ATI Radeon X300 card?
Is it possible for Ubuntu to run android and iphone apps?
GRUB problem after installation of 11.04
Why is Banshee crashing on launch in 10.04.2?
Ubuntu One progress bar not being shown
Making Blackberry act as modem and connecting to internet
How do I run .sh files?
Installing Gearman on 10.04
Wireless network disabled on a Broadcom 4312
Network really slow with TL-WN951N wireless card
Winetricks can't read cd when installing game
How to automate the following task?
How do I remap the keyboard shortcut for Gnome Do?
How to hide VNC notification?
Set encrypted home passphrase
Why doesn't Document Viewer appear in the dash as an installed application?
Do I really need ATI proprietary drivers?
Unable to connect to hidden SSID
Need Script to turn Compiz Window Decoration plugin OFF, start a program, then turn decorations ON again
Will LibreOffice advance ahead of Open Office eventually?
How do I downgrade my kernel?
How does one remove applications installed through "python setup.py install"?
Where are the Unity images located, can I access them?
How do I downgrade from 11.04 to 10.10?
An unresolvable problem occurred while calculating the upgrade, how to solve it?
So far, no updates for natty in repos?
Firefox 3.6 in Ubuntu 11.04
As I can't use Unity (2D or 3D), is there any reason to use 11.04 over 10.04?
Can't play wmv files
Can I rearrange Unity lenses on the launcher?
Wine won't run any .exe programs that are installed on other Drives
Ubuntu Hangs While Working
How to read dbus-monitor output?
Can I sync folders from a fat32 partition with UbuntuOne?
Hidden files are shown in Dash
Custom DPI settings in KDE
Multiple monitors, different resolutions break maximize button
Maximum File Size on Ubuntu One?
Ugly font after KDE installation
Nautilus does not start from top menu
dist-upgrade to natty set gnome theme to old gtk look
How to install Android SDK?
Overlay scrollbar for Chromium browser
What lenses for Unity are available?
Bittorrent magnitudes slower in 11.04 than in 10.10
Trigger Screensaver/Off monitor
Checksums do not match when creating a bootable USB stick
How do I set 'nomodeset' after I've already installed Ubuntu?
Is there a desktop-wide privacy mode?
How do I copy music from ipod nano to computer (Banshee)
What does "md value mismatch_count" count?
How do I add and remove the Workspace Switcher launcher from the Unity launcher?
Installer always sets the wrong locale
Keyboard not working after suspend to ram (sleep)
How do I set the number of workspaces without CCSM?
Nautilus is theme-less unless I run it as root
What is the best desktop/screen recorder?
Why doesn't Unity use gnome-panel?
11.04 unity top bar configuration
How do I add a name to a launcher?
Plymouth main process killed by SEGV signal error on boot
How to use apt-get/synaptic behind a proxy?
Your disc drive being checked for errors?
Centrino Wireless-N 1000 poor performance on N Network
How can I report a bug when ubuntu-bug crashes?  
Does Unity have any widgets?
How to remove the Nautilus alert of Ubuntu One to synchonize folders?
Boot CD fails while starting installer
Is there a way to copy-paste text into Unity's new 'Alt+F2' launcher?
Is it possible to make GRUB2 look similar to burg?
Samsung netbook N150Plus screen brightness not working
Which media player should I use for tv series?
Laggy file manipulations with Unity
Is The Nvidia Geforce 7300 LE Blacklisted?
"Applications" launcher not showing, Alt-F2 not working
Messed up with Unity & Compiz
NVIDIA Geforce Go 7300 automatically removed from blacklist when problems are solved?
Problems with my Bluetooth indicator
How do I reenable Unity after reinstalling the nvidia drivers?
Unity mail applet
Is it possible to install Ubuntu on the Asus transformer?
How do I enable mouse scroll wheel zoon in flash screen?
Vimperator not working with Firefox 4 from official repository
Is there a way to show a list of minimized windows in Unity?
What should I do if lsusb hang without any output?
Program to compare two files line by line
Monitor never goes to sleep
11.04 much slower than 10.10
Disable Accessibility in login screen
Random "freezes" (only mouse cursor moves)
Classic desktop combines window title bar with panel making windows unmovable and unresizeable
Would a Unity lens written for Unity 3D also work in Unity 2D?
How do I use the "Ubuntu One" folder name in scripts?
Shortcut to resize a window with my custom dimensions?
Rename folders to music's id3 tags?
How can you animate a gif that goes back-and-forth instead of repeating?
Missing Panel After Installing Unity 2D
Boot splash broken by "SP5100 TCO timer: mmio address 0xyyyyyyy already in use"
why i get a bad gateway error when trying to access U1 contact's webUI?
Reading logs after I've had to hard reboot
LibreOffice shows many icons on the Launcher, what can I do about this?
How is a Unity Lens different from Google Desktop?
Why is scrolling in Chromium super-smooth with Openbox but not with Compiz?
Bug Reporting Tool pops up everytime I login
When do things in the new Unity Panel turn blue?
Can I use metacity's move_to_side keybindings from Unity?
Vanishing window content (blank/white/black) using Unity with Nvidia graphics card
How can I unclutter Artists view in Banshee?
Why is this application throwing OpenGL errors when run in Unity?
What do these Unity errors mean and why are they showing up?
Unwanted sleeping processes
Foobar2000-like music player?
Problem installing Nvidia Geforce 310m drivers
Unity doesn't load anymore
How do I install a driver for an Nvidia Geforce 310m?
Is there a way to save a session?
Sleep won't work and the touch/clickpad is a mess on a HP Envy 15
Problems with the 'Ubuntu classic' interface after recent upgrade to 11.04
How can I make Nautilus open with an extra panel by default?
Another monitor detected even if there isn't one plugged in 
Specifying which ethernet port for apt to use
How do I stop Unity from starting windows maximised?
Programs disappearing after being minimized
No sound after installing Catalyst 11.4
How can I start a different X session on tty8?
Gwibber leaves ghost processes behind
Can't restore gnome-panel after replacing it with Avant-Window-Navigator
How can I make window shadows larger than 18?
Libreoffice 3.3.2 Export to PDF option only lets me export entire documents
Can the Close / Minimize / Maximize buttons be pulled out of the Global App Menu when a window is maximized?
Shrink NTFS Windows 7 Partition with GParted
How to automount a unit when i click on an executable shortcut to that unit
How to backup *and restore* a mediawiki server
Burg themes not working
How can I speed up Unity with an ATI card?
How do I enable verbose mode at boot?
bash: [: too many arguments?
I don't see Unity on 11.04 with Nvidia GeForce GT420 graphics card
How do I use the GNOME Panel in Unity?
ATI Radeon HD 4870: dead end
How to install Gloobus Preview in Natty?
Can I use the global application menu with AWN?
Will Ubuntu One Mobile be available on BlackBerry?
Install Ubuntu 11.04 on Ubuntu 10.04?
Navigate within folders in Unity
Why is Unity Dash showing the Desktop under "Downloads"?
Wireless & Wired Connection Not Working after upgrade
How to upgrade Ubuntu from an ISO image
How to get rid of double dash before the signature?
How to hide console messages on shutdown?
Modem CDMA ZTE AC2726 slow/delay detected about 3 minutesin Network Manager
Unity Super + D shortcut doesn't work
Why isn't Unity there?
eclipse works oddly
Restore Install GUI with Xfce
How to change the icons of multiple files from terminal?
Can I align the desktop icons in a grid fashion, so that they are aligned vertically as well?
rip (transcode) multiple titles, from a tv series dvd, automatically
Newsgroup notification in the indicator applet?
How do I change my desktop back to the way it was in 10.10 from Unity?
Upgraded Ubuntu to 11.04, No Menus
How to use Super key as modifer without Unity and Compiz?
Why won't Banshee import most of my music collection from Rythmbox after upgrade to Ubuntu 11.04?
How do I install the driver for a DLink DGE-528T?
Cannot install vmware-tools
Backlight on/off button doesn't work on an Asus EEE PC 1005HAB
What program currently handles the old notification area?
How do I toggle the graphical desktop (GDM)?
pdf to mobi convertor
Mouse and keyboard stop working after suspend or screensaver lock
How can I add gnome-shell to the regular Ubuntu Natty login screen along with "Ubuntu" "Ubuntu Classic", maybe as "User defined"?
WebDAV with Apache only working with Ubuntu client
How to change console title?
How to search for files containing specific word?
Why can't gnome-do find my files?
How do I change the command that a launcher item launches?
Is there any hope of recovering this installation?
Selective screenshot using <Super>+Button1 is Overlayed with blue color
Unlock keyring with fingerprint reader on login
Can 32 bit use HDMI?
Unity Launcher not shown
How can I add an internet radio station to Banshee?
How do I set the default icon for mplayer?
How do I use my /home partition from Kubuntu in Xubuntu?
How to import Rhythmbox podcasts into Banshee?
Just Upgraded to 11.04 form 10.10. It hangs after boot and just new desktop is shown
Problems transferring great amount of data to SD card of Android phone
Can I switch from 64bit to 32bit?
Cannot install xubuntu 11.04 because of "signal out of range"
Ubuntu 11.04 and ATI Drivers, HD4850
Nvidia graphics problem with suspend and resume, system hangs
Lirc is conflicted by some default ir-controlling module so that it only sends keyboard input
Internet filter for Ubuntu?
Close windows with middle click in preview pane (SUPER-W)
Problem when installing pear packages for php
What can I use like a replacement of the notification area?
Only show current workspace applications in Avant Window Navigator
How can i make a quicklist for empathy to start a conversation with a certain "friend"?
What version of ubuntu can I install and use in the current situation when 11.04 even not installable ("monitor out of range")?
How to run an application using sudo without a password?
Nautilus and Ubuntu One problems
Can't download in software centre
How to get wlan0 rate from cli
Wubi-move-to-partition worked but didn't install the bootloader, what do I do?
Resume from Suspend fails on Samsung X360 laptop
How do I find the version of bash I am running?
How to find out if current shell was loaded by another shell?
Slow boot after clean install of Natty
How can I get the music from my iPhone 3G to my hard drive using Banshee?
Ubuntu 12.04 How do I bind the "scale" and "expo" features of compiz to my Logitech Performance MX?
Where did my close, minimize, and maximize buttons go along with my panels?
How do I sync music to my iPod?
How do adjust the launcher slide out time to be instant?
How can I change which icon an applet uses?
Is there a way for Banshee to rename a song file according to it's tags?
Internal mic is not working on a Dell Studio 1558
Prevent accidental low-level access (formatting) of system disk by root?
After I install program with wine, I can't launch it due to missing dll's. How do I add them?
How can I update vim to a newer version than 11.04's repo version (7.3.35)
Why does ubuntu-bug imply that I shouldn't report bugs for Compiz and Unity?
Why does Ubuntu One assume the files on the site are newer than the new ones on my computer?
System menu disappeared after upgrade
How do I install root-cern?
How can I quickly and cleanly kill a print job?
Launcher not hiding
Is it possible to add a quicklist to the Libreoffice Writer icon in the Launcher showing my most recently opened documents?
Where can I find websites that list games for Ubuntu?
Use Upstart to umount NFS at shutdown/restart?
no access to encrypted partition after failed distro upgrade
Adjusting brightness on Dell Vostro 3500 won't work
Why are translations getting updated when there are no modifications to them?
Change Icon of Wine Application in Unity Launcher
Custom Desktop Launchers not sticking after restart in Unity 2D panel
How to Install 10.10 to an External Hard Drive
Fans go in overdrive on my Inspiron 9400! What should I do?
Deeper Unity search indexing
Touch screen and mouse not correctly functional on tablet
How to show seconds on the clock in GNOME 3?
ASUS 1018p disable touchpad while typing?
Clicking on onboard steals dash's focus
Can I downgrade from 11.04 to 8.04 without reformating
My SSH tunnels get interrupted because the host machine falls asleep. Bug or Feature?
How to make a Unity suggestion?
How to go from 11.04 to 10.04
Are there plans for system-wide smooth scrolling?
Issue With 3 Monitors
What's the difference between virtual and nonvirtual workspaces?
Restore rearranging programs on taskbar in classic mode?
What's the visual difference between Unity 3D and Unity 2D?
Why doesn't my Alt+F2 work?
How do I get the computertemp applet working?
suspend to RAM stopped USB speakers
How do I reconfigure keyboard shortcuts for copy and paste?
How to set "full graphics" on 11.04
How do I turn off effects so VNC can paint properly?
How do you stop GNOME Shell adding a second icon to the launcher even though the application is already favourited?
How do you label a Launcher icon which has no icon label
Grub-Customizer (How to fix your dual-boot in case you miss the right boot option)
Why can't my Wifi connect or disconnect?
TwinView keeps the desktop stretched when external monitor removed
Does Ubuntu One offer a corporate account
Complete 11.04 desktop customization guide
Possible missing firmware /lib/firmware/rtl_nic/rtl8105e-1.fw for module r8169 with 2.6.39 kernel
Is there a way to turn off “auto-maximize”?
How can Unity be made more friendly to multiple monitors on a laptop?
Alternative to Panflute Applet?
Apt-get install multiple packages without stopping
How do I change default dash application for pictures/photos in Unity?
Mp3 tags keep resetting
How do you solve the problem of a laptop's inability to detect wireless networks?
Strange "gap" at the top of windows when first opened?
STA driver support for b43xx wireless broken again
Ubuntu One fails to launch from a terminal
How to make unity terminal button open a separate terminal?
How do I add a launcher to unity for "gksudo "gnome-open %u""?
Poor Performance with Intel HD 3000 GPU
Why do (some )apps open in random workspaces when started from command line?
Triple Boot: Windows 7, Ubuntu, and Debian
How do I drop all elevated privileges through the terminal?
How can I store /var on a separate partition?
How do I shrink the Unity launcher icons to make them smaller?
Nautilus automount - controlling GID/UID/mode bits
What is the command to open a webpage in a new chromium tab?
Weird Stuff in Terminal When I Hit Tab
How to upgrade Unity on 10.10 UNR without upgrading Ubuntu?
Radeon module boot problems
How to remove shortcuts from the preferences menu using terminal
How can I be notified of updates on nvidia-current drivers?
How to set keyboard combination to kill the X server?
How do I set the folders for Pictures, Desktop etc?
Remove recommended packages
Sync applications/settings between desktop and laptop
Is Gnash installed by default in 11.04?
Cannot Windows+Tab in Ubuntu 11.04
Dual monitor broken in Ubuntu 11.04
System Settings package
Banshee permanently frozen
Grub-Customizer (How to fix your dual-boot in case you miss the right boot option)
Unity not starting with nvidia driver install
How to hide icons from Gnome menu?
If I rename my computer, will it lead to problems with Ubuntu One?
How to enable user list in lxdm login manager?
Banshee 2.0 - Can't hear sound
How to decorate a GTK window like eg. the gnome-panel?
Launch multiple applications with one launcher
Does the server edition support at least 8 cores in SMP mode?
Old version of gcc for new Ubuntu
WiFi too slow with an Atheros AR928X 
Where can I find a complete list of packages that I have installed after initial installation?
Start an aliased application from shell passing relative path of a document
How can I change my display name, and avatar in Empathy?
Bluetooth Mouse appear and Disappear
How do I install Draftsight CAD?
Unable to mount hard drive after upgrading
How to restart KDE network manager?
How to uninstall all but the default Ubuntu packages?
Add unity quicklist launcher with a zenity command
Ubuntu 11.04 Is not Supporting My HP Pavilion Computer
How do I file feature request bugs on Launchpad?
Does 64bit Chromium include the Flash plugin
Can I "speak IMAP" and review my actual mail quota?
How can I  import my Gnome Sticky Note Applet notes into Tomboy?
How do I safely install an older/newer version of Python?
Firefox icon keeps going generic
getting error on grub installation
changing 127.0.1.1 back to 127.0.0.1 -- will it break anything in Unity?
mod_mono and xsp have different versions. Expected '9', got 8`
Getting set up with git-buildpackage, pbuilder, etc, for software packaging
Restoring Unity after installing Gnome3
Are there any issues using Ubuntu on an HP Compaq Presario CQ56-103SG?
Unity doesn't handle Compiz Window Previews. Should I file a bug report?
My mouse has gone completely crazy
FireFox video flashing white boxes
Just updated Ubuntu to 11.04 and my wired internet is down! Help?
How can I install youtube's lens for unity?
External display flickers after upgrade on a Lenovo ThinkVision L2440p
Terminal Colors Not Working
Is there a timer indicator?
How do I use "Initiate Window Picker for window group" in Compiz?
What does it mean when the system monitor reports a program as using over 100 percent CPU?
Is there a Unity / Compiz shortcut key to move a window to your other monitor (not workspace)?
Scrollbars missing in Eclipse
Recovering from a move of /home when it's encrypted (ecryptfs)
How do I add the default radio stations from Rhythmbox into Banshee?
How can I control HDD spin down time?
Opening files through the Unity shortcuts page tries to open with Vinagre instead of Nautilus
Chromium "Show in Folder" opens in text editor
How can I invoke Scale as a Unity Launcher item?
Custom emoticons not showing in Pidgin
How to run VMWare player on kernel 2.6.38-8? [Failed to compile module vmmon]
Is it a good idea to selectively upgrade software from newer releases?
Unable to locate /usr/lib/jvm/java-6-sun/jre/lib/javaws.jar in /usr/share/java
AppIndicator in root
Could not update ICEauthority file /home/me/.ICEauthority
configure tor to use only US proxies
How do I use Compiz's "Scale Window Title Filter"?
Unity crashes without any feedback
How to force active Launcher webpages to be from the Chromium icon?
Nothing happens when clicking Update to 11.04
Is there an easy way to rearrange or move the icons in the Unity launcher?
Flags in unity keyboard indicator
Why is my Sandy Bridge i915 video adapter periodically freezing under load?
How do I throttle Ubuntu One?
compiz huge memory leak- ubuntu 11.04-unity
What does "whiteout" mean in a copy-on-write filesystem?
How do I only use the icons for applications in the Faenza icon set?
keyboard bindings broken
How do I change the color of the indicator applet to green?
How do I get Unity working on an Asus UL50V?
I don't see Unity anywhere after upgrading from Kubuntu 10.10 -- what am I missing?
How do I make Cedilla (ç) character available in English USA?
Application Indicator for Shutter
Intel DH57JG vs. Ubuntu 11.04
apt-get: How to overwrite existing files from another package?
How can I reduce the delay and increase the scroll speed of the unity launcher?
Can I drag a window onto another workspace?
Which union filesystem is best supported?
How to remove warnings like `Unknown media type ...`
Is my graphics card supported by Gnome 3?
How to switch back to classic mode?
How can I hide the decoration of maximized windows?
Where can I find Dell 1510 Wireless-N drivers?
Transmission torrent client hangs up after upgrade
Natty broke my system! I think I know how to fix it but
Wine problem OLE error
Where can I find the Nautilus default icons?
Will upgrading disrupt online backup software (Crashplan)?
How do I use the lock-keys-applet in Unity?
How to access the SD card through my Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Phone?
Libreoffice writer freezes my system - nothing appears on the terminal
Vlc 1.1.9 not working properly
How do I remove Inbox as my search engine?
How to quicklist for DeaDBeeF?
Natty loves to freeze itself
apt-get doesn't load third-party PPA's
How to completely reset DesktopCouch?
Run DNS service on registered domain for global name resolution
How do I change the chat and mail clients in the indicator area?
How do you select the fastest mirror from the command line?
Pencil.It Firefox plugin not working
In Unity, how to tell which window is the one I want when switching?
How do I change the Super key dash shortcut menu
Ask Ubuntu lens not working in unity, dash
How do I install this mysql workbench package?
Fast LiveCD without xserver to look up mac adresses
Bridge interfaces and KVM
Why don't the Alt+num Firefox keyboard shortcuts work?
Boot problems after upgrading to 11.04
How to use terminal from Krusader?
How to add terminal icon to File Broswer?
How do I look up which package brought a particular command?
Fn+F2 LCD/CRT display toggle stopped working in 11.04
Drawer or other organisation for hundreds of scripts in Unity Launcher
Playing DVD Video stored on hard-drive
'accept' and 'deny' buttons are greyed out when receiving appointment request in Evolution
Can I use Keyboard Shortcuts to implement text macros?
Changing email application in Preferred Applications to GMail?
Unable to uninstall ubuntu installed using Wubi
How to let `dpkg -i` install dependencies for me?
No Firefox (internet) icon in dash
Unity Dash shows up while drag-n-dropping a selection in GTK apps
How to restore the global application menu for Chromium Browser?
Is there a keyboard shortcut for minimizing all windows except the active one?
List of addons/extensions for gnome-shell
How do I delete a directory from a zip file using a bash script?
Front panel audio connection not working after restart
How do I use a DisplayLink monitor?
How to set terminal title on taskbar(panel)?
Remove drivers intalled from Additional Drivers section
Disable signature probing for repositories in update-manager
How can I force Network Manager to associate to a specific access point?
Is it possible to set up a separate session with GNOME Shell built from source as default?
Install VirtualBox image as operating system
Why is my harddrive louder, when I use Windows, compared to linux?
How do I run QEMU with a 64-bit processor on a 64-bit machine?
Tool to convert accented characters to HTML entities?
Is there a way of activating AltGr as a means of putting accents on vowels?
How do I save files in /var/www in netbeans?
When will the Catalyst 11.4 driver be available?
Why do i have 2 specular folder for java installed in my Ubuntu?
How to monitor my Wireless connection
Need a Firefox 2.0 download link (working)
Show BSSID of an access point?
how to stop apache2, mysql from starting automatically as computer starts?
Screen is blank after installing unless I boot with the monitor unplugged
Where are Adobe Flash cookies (sol files) stored?
How can I make rm stop asking me for permission?
How to remap Macbook 5,1 damaged 'Ctrl' key to a Command key?
Google-Chrome-stable immediately closes on startup
What restrictions are there on paid applications?
Why is Firefox trying to use Okular to open downloads?
Is there a way to control VLC from the Sound Menu?
Why does Shotwell have the X & Y positions inverted when using crop
How to make all windows appear in center of the screen when you start them up?
Unity sidebar not to launch a Chrome if already running
How do I delete totem's history?
What happens to shift-alt-f[1..12] in Gnome desktop?
NVIDIA config missing "driver line" in default device section, not booting to gui
Free Ubuntu One Mobile?
How to copy/paste a table from LibreOffice Calc to LibreOffice Writer
How do I find running programs that are not visible?
Totem: Use --no-existing-session as default
How to install and boot on a RAID 5 Configuration?
Unity not showing after 11.04 upgrade. Cannot log out to switch to classic?
Chromium blocks flash plug-in because it's outdated even after update
Using AppIndicators with the Qt framework
Dual Boot issues with Windows 7 and Ubuntu
Stop an insolent narwhal from "correcting" monitor brightness?
Window freezes when hulu is running and monitor shuts off
Weird looking Google Earth
Why am I experiencing super slow Internet browsing & downloads?
Bash: change environment temporarily
How to open a file in gedit with zenity --file-selection as root
Bypass "Do you want to..." dialog after clicking script
Terminal bell without a PC speaker
Expose (OSX Style) Functionality in Unity
How to active OpenGL in a HP DV6700 with Intel Graphics card
Ways to hide an IP?
How much space do I need to create a backup with fsdisk
Is Thunderbird still being updated? Mine hasn't updated and a new update issued last week
Problem with Windows 7 and Ubuntu 11.04?
How can I specify the order in which filesystems are automatically mounted?
Can't drag maximized windows from the panel like i could in the beta
NFS Share - trying to mount my Synology 1511+ NAS
Update manager integration
Browser Crashed in Natty
Ubuntu asks for password several time when logging in
Forcing Nautilus to use Kerberos (Active Directory) authentication
Cannot mount disk at all. Detailed explanation, Need help
What happened to the Visual Effects tab, in the Appearance window?
How can I add Amarok to the launcher?
Monitor Preferences > Monitor: Unknown
Can the Applications or Files and Folders buttons be moved on the Unity Launcher?
How do I use my own icon in a python script integrated with the messaging menu?
How to take daily backup of database?
No Unity when running Ubuntu 11.04 (64 bit) under VirtualBox+Windows 7 (64 bit)
Use Linux commands on windows directories through ssh
How can I remotely participate in the UDS?
Is there any interactive or more user-friendly version of GDB for debugging?
How to link with a WebDAV application in Unity?
How to follow someone at Gwibber for Twitter
Is there a way to use gmail call phone functionality with empathy/pidgin
How can I visually find out which programs are running on the current virtual screen in Unity?
Unity freezes after compiz configuration change
What does this parser error mean and how can it be fixed? 
How do we install Unity-2D and dependencies offline?
How to protect hard disk?
Mounting a safely removed external disk
Is it possible to install Python 2.5 in 11.04?
How to add my favorite places as a quicklist in my home's icon in Unity with other languages?
Why does Nautilus hang while opening home folder?
Canon LIDE 110 - lsusb sane-find-scanner
/etc/profile not being sourced
libpoppel.so.7 is missing when running xournal
Unable to shutdown, only reboot
Ralink rt2860 wifi not working under Ubuntu 11.04
USB Audio on 0 volume on startup
Prompt takes very long before showing up in new terminal window
Why does Plymouth boot in fallback text mode?
after changing compiz configs - the panels disappeared
Kernel bugs on Launchpad
"Unable to copy the user's Xauthorization file"
How can I use LaunchPad.net packages in 11.04?
How to install Beagle?
gVim maximized with a gray line like status line
How to make selected tab in terminal more prominent
Unable to install programmes after upgrade
How to undo move /home into /old_home?
Does not boot after installation on Dell Precision T3500
Ext4-extended-linuxswap
The chrome around my windows appears to have disappeared. Any ideas why?
Which is the best place to check the compatibility of video cards?
Logitech USB Headset not working
How to move Ubuntu to an SSD
I don’t want to View Photos or Listen to Music from the Dash, how can I change them to something I will use?
How to set an icon for Eclipse?
How to add a folder to the favorites bar in Gnome Shell?
How to install and configure sendmail for php
No Window Manager and no Networking
Remove iPod from Launcher
How to set a keyboard shortcut for Compiz negative screen function?
How to prevent monitor from blinking when I press backspace in the terminal?
Installing wireless modem, commands, connecting to internet, get packages
How do I show blueproximity's icon in the panel?
Why write to an external disk I only looked at?
Why does /bin/sh point to /bin/dash and not /bin/bash?
System bar not showing when using the macbuntu theme
Why is /lib/libc.so.6 missing?
How do I show IBus indicator?
Default file manager changed, can't change back
How can I set an animated background?
Ubuntu 11.04 unity / classic load fails - remains at background without toolbars / windows
How do I change the trash keyboard shortcut?
Automatically recreate partition if corrupt
Banshee and Totem are crashing... How to fix it?
After upgrade 10.10 -> 11.04 in Vbox, VM will not boot
How do I get quick lists in unity shipped in 11.10?
Installed gmate but themes and plugins now showing up in gedit
Package management of installed system from live environment
Keyboard and touch-pad stopped working after shutting down the computer while it was installing updates
How to install Empathy 3.x?
What is the Compiz option "Number of Desktops" for?
Is there any way to initiate "urgent animation" of an icon on the Unity launcher from command line?
Nautilus does not open a file for view when it has the Execute permission
Where can I find the log files for mounting disks?
What are some good budget Ubuntu-compatible digital cameras?
Where are unity settings stored?
Opera widget installer starts every time
Why don't applications opened as root use global menu?
How do I edit the shortcuts in the Nautilus Elementary side bar?
Deactivate HTML display in incoming emails in Thunderbird
Why are emblems disabled in the unity launcher?
How to remove window decoration from Firefox 4?
How do I install altitude? (.sh file, game)
Switching to Ctrl+Alt+F1 and back to desktop (Ctrl+Alt+F7) : Blank Screen and garbled display
Resize large images with mogrify (ImageMagick) but leave small images unaffected
Low contrast font color after upgrading 10.04 to 11.04
I need the default set of software sources to recover my installation
How can I change the text color of the unity top panel?
Root Access in Natty
How to kill the ubuntuone daemon?
Pitfalls of using an old home directory with a new install?
Using variables from a text file in Scripting
Wubi.exe won’t start
Virtualbox start problem
Why doesn't Dash respect the Main Menu categories?
cx_Oracle on 64bit architecture
I uninstalled Compiz and now the Unity panels has disappeared
Can I map some key combination to the suspend function (it should also work for waking up the machine from the suspended state)?
How does GDM configuration work?
Is the Compiz widget layer still available?
How to search for files by tags?
Can I change the icon size in dash?
How can I deal with file association in different application(not in Nautilus)?
How to use a zenity progress bar with cclive
Dansguardian Out of Date?
How can I set desktop icons to auto-align to the right side of the screen?
Switched graphics cards and lost Unity
How do I format code from the web using Vim?
Higher resolutions unavailable with 2.6.38-8 kernel
How to keep programs from launching maximized?
Sometimes my wifi on my Thinkpad X201 stops working and I have to restart. Any workaround?
Is there a way to un-group Chrome "Application Shortcuts" in Unity so they appear as standalone programs?
How to customize file filtering in Unity dash
How do I use an activated(but not in use) driver?
Install Ubuntu One on *ubuntu
Can I use email to upload files into my Ubuntuone account?
Second monitor doesn't work on an Intel GM965
Desktop Cube, Compiz, and GNOME. Bad Mix?
ATI: Multiple Video Card / Monitor Setup -- Need help getting it working
An alternative software to Live Writer?
How can I change the icon colors, appearance, etc. at the top panel?
Why does my computer make noises?
Make a Launcher for a Privileged Terminal Command
What is the reason application menus in the top bar are hidden by default?
Removed WinXP association to U1, and can't get it to work anymore
What's the name of the feature in Unity that allows windows to be tiled on the left and right sides of the screen?
Corrupt plymouth boot screen when using properietary Nvidia drivers
What is the shortcut to lock computer?
How to install the StackExchange Data Dump Viewer?
Changing screen saver settings without completely removing gnome-screensaver and installing xscreensaver
Why is the icon for the 'copy dialog' indicator a mouse pointer?
On an HP nc6400 laptop the mute light on the mute button stays on?
how do i get unity back? "It seems that you do not have the hardware required to run Unity. Please choose Ubuntu Classic"
How can I see the UDS sessions?
How do I define Wacom Bamboo P&T area boundaries?
CPU Scaling in Unity with indicator-cpufreq
Install packages without root permissions
Small issues after installing Gnome 3 (via PPA)
GRUB menu missing after installation
Graphics effects not available in 11.04 like in 10.10?
Phpunit stop working after upgrade to 11.04
Can I configure one monitor landscape and one in picture mode at the same time?
Is it possible to change the unity launcher delay to absolute zero?
Can't resize maximized lenses in Unity
How do I share my connection with ICS and an Xbox 360?
Where to configure unity global shortcuts?
How to know which versions of application I can install via apt
Task management software for Ubuntu?
Dropbox integration without nautilus?
Ubuntu 11.04 and ATI Catalyst 11.5 graphics artifacts
Why does Ubuntu CD contain a "pics" folder with Debian-related images?
HP Ubuntu 11.04 overheat problem, any way to control?
Any Food Service POS system for School Districts
.conf page for Firefox's about:config
Libraries used by C# executables
How to save currently playing radio station?
How can I hide the simplistic photo editing buttons in Shotwell?
How do I install Citrix receiver?
Random freezes followed by loss of WiFi connection with a BCM4313 wireless card
How to downgrade firefox to 3.6.15?
Copy file to dir using wildcards or regular expression in destination?
How do I get spaces instead of tabs in nano?
Maximizing a Window moves minimize,maximize and close button to the left
How do I get the microphone working on an Acer ZG8?
How to increase speaker volume?
No updates from the 11.04 natty repositories since 30th of April?
How secure is the ubuntuone nightlies repos?
symlink for dbus headers
Ubuntu Unity not showing all eclipse menus
How do I install a .deb file via the command line?
How to remove/ignore most recent kernel?
My gnome-shell gtk theme is really ugly
Is it safe to upgrade Ubuntu on Dell Vostro V130?
What's the best way to report a kernel panic bug
How do I get Thunderbird localized?
Classic mode missing desktop effects after updates
Add line numbers to GNU Emacs
Is there an offline dictionary?
Diff of two pdf files?
How do I switch between desktops in Compiz?
Pulse Audio not sending sound to speakers
How can I get a set of files into the Zeitgeist index for dash access?
Picasa icon disappeared in Unity Launcher
How can I bring gnome sticky note back in unity?
How do I get rid of the Bitstream Vera font in Google Chrome?
Firefox 4 crashing in VNC
Is Ubuntu-ARM essentially the same as Ubuntu?
How do I prevent Duplicity from looking at every file in parent folders?
Google services launcher icon
How can I automatically set my status to Busy when Empathy starts?
Indicators do not accept mouse clicks
Title bar and decorations missing: Unity desktop
KWin answer to Compiz Put and Grid?
How can I become the owner of a file/folder that root owns?
How can I save my desktop session?
Apache2 restore files
Wireless card can only connect to certain networks
Upper half of laptop screen becomes black when I plug in an external LCD
Cannot download Ubuntu Netbook Edition
What command runs when I SSH into a server?
How do I get an Atheros AR9287 working?
How can Docky, AWN, Cairo Dock and Unity be compared?
What are the upstart events to monitor to attach/detach an EBS volume and an elastic IP at startup/shutdown?
Nautilus Elementary, no Edit / Preferences?
Does anybody know if it's possible to make nested quicklists, or if that feature has been at least considered?
How can I remove orphaned start menu entries?
What do I put in the "Search Domains" field?
My gnome-panel is misssing
Where is Ubuntu one´s U1 server located?
Evolution <-> U1: How can I solve problem with syncing?
How to create a folder with the following permission?
Why does Classic Gnome desktop use unity-window-decorator?
Teach a novice how to import a photo and upload it to eBay
gnome-themes-standard tries to overwrite a file from gnome-accessability-themes
How to set a folder inside an apache document to the correct permission? 
How to hide sub-menu from Applications menu remotely?
How do I create a dynamic quicklist for the home folder?
g++-4.3 not in repos anymore, how to install it?
Where are the Unity Launcher .desktop files?
How to edit .desktop files in unity-2d?
Shotwell: Videos have wrong date
How can I move all files in subdirectories recursively to a single directory?
LastFM no longer free?
Proper way to restore user files/settings after an upgrade
Need a remote desktop to a headless server without logging in first
How do I connect to TTY/COM (/dev/ttyUSB0)?
What file I need to edit to change the text color in a theme?
Which options on Adobe Flash Player do I choose so that I could watch videos on YouTube?
Problems with external monitors on my laptop
Setting up NFS client shows "local domain name not set" error
What is the path to the kernel headers so I can install vmware?
Disable gnome-panel launcher (Alt+F2)
How to connect to server as root in Nautilus?
How to switch between languages?
Clicking on a folder in docky opens banshee not nautilus
How do I turn off the alt-shift-uparrow keybinding in GNOME?
What files and directories can be excluded from a backup of the home directory?
How can I create a new kind of emblem?
How do I install Bitcoin in Ubuntu?
Evolution does not ask for password with Yahoo
How to install squid-deb-proxy-client via preseed/early_command
What does the dell-laptop kernel module do?
Is there an alternative to compiz?
Link clicked not passed to firefox
How do I disable pathname expansion in bash?
Maven exits after trying to run it
LibreOffice page preview problem
Avoid killing SSH in out-of-memory
Is KDE 4.6.X available for Ubuntu 10.04?
How do I get the actual used memory including RAM disks?
Is the "HTC Desire (A8181)" Android 2.2 phone supported?
Integer operators in bash
Desktop not hardware compatible with 3D effects
On a brandless RF remote, many buttons do not work with XBMC
Clutterflow not working on Nautilus Elementary
Install XULRunner 2.0
How can I enable bindings in Desktop Wall?
Why is Banshee not showing in sound menu in 11.04?
Ubuntu 11.04 stops booting at grub console
How can I grab Unity scrollbars from the side of the screen?
Install i386 printer driver on an amd64 system?
Changing to another distro: can the -home partition be kept?
Unity/gnome mess
Launcher does not display any items
'Mostly' compatibility on Openprinting.org?
Upgrading from 10.10 to 11.04, how much space is needed?
Is there a command to go a specific workspace?
Can I change gedit's background color without changing to another theme?
Managing an Ubuntu Server
Random mouse freeze on boot
Gedit's LaTeX plugin opens a dialog called "Choose Master Document" each time a .tex file is opened
GRUB2 lost my Windows 7 install
Virtualbox Kernel driver not installed
Gnome-font-manager missing on GNOME3?
How to do critical system updates through the Command Line under Kubuntu 10.10
Slowdowns while using Firefox
Installing via apt-get install always give "The HTTP server sent an invalid Content-Range header"
Automatically detect unresponsive processes
Configuring multiple mouse settings
What file do i have to run in order to launch a screenlet from the terminal?
Improve Screen Resolution in Ubuntu 11.04
Java bin file won't install manually
Uninstall/Rollback 11.04?
Switching between Kubuntu and Ubuntu without re-installation
How do I remove/ignore words from gedit's spell checker dictionary?
Fake RAID (dmraid) not seeing new SATA drives
Kernel Logging stopped
How to make a partition invisible?
Does g++ compiler have graphical user interface?
Any editor that does autocompletion in Ubuntu?
proFTPd - Shortcut/alias to directory
How to launch an application in Unity?
What does "Key to choose 5th level" in gnome-keyboard-properties do?
Update-manager failing
How to make Unity permanent and not temporary?
How to fix an upgrade interruption from 10.04 to 10.10?
What keyboard shortcut should be implemented for a search & replace dialog?
Unable to logon to Ubuntu
Install XBMC on Natty?
Wrong Screen Resolution on an Intel D510MO
Shell tweak to show current path in addition
Problems with Photoshop CS5 on Wine 1.3: C++ Library Runtime Error
Shortcut to change Launcher 'Hide' setting
What are the messages that pop up when the mouse is still called?
Enable replace image feature in LibreOffice
Problem with PPA upload. GPG signature: Verification failed 3 times
How to disable "N" Wireless Mode RTL8192on a Thinkpad Edge 15 Core i5
Way to measure computer usage via screensaver active/not active time?
How to install gnome-tweak-tool in Gnome Shell GIT?
How do I add Ubuntu Music store to Rhythmbox?
How to copy/paste text from remote system?
Is there any webcam finger tracking software available?
Last.FM indicator/notification support
11.04: no systray?
When ever Update Manager does an update, my appearance settings change
Why is the data transfer rate so slow on my external USB 2.0 drive?
How do I make the 'beep' command work?
How to make update manager stop nagging about a new release?
Is there any way to integrate Dropbox in the messaging menu like ubuntu one?
How to connect USB monitor?
System boots to a black screen after upgrade to 11.04
How do I use the old clock applet?
Want to install Windows 7 on separate drive
Sound doesn't work in Unity, but does in Ubuntu Classic 
How do I fix the Plymouth bootscreen when using proprietary graphics drivers?
Add custom icons to the launcher in Ubuntu 11.04
How can I stop LibreOffice from randomly crashing?
Let Xorg listen on TCP, but only to localhost?
How do I check if I have a 32-bit or a 64-bit OS?
How do I remove icons from the Unity launcher using a script?
Is there anyway I can stop the panel from showing up when I switch focus to a different application?  
Can I use Thunderbird to access Microsoft Exchange server?
switch temporarily to headless mode or runlevel 3?
Inconsistent wlan conection
Why can the volume go higher than 100%?
Screen brightness fading options
I'm stuck on User Defined Session destop environment
Seeing Windows files from Ubuntu 11.04
Why is Unity (Compiz) consuming more and more RAM?
How to disable visual effects and compiz 100%
Backing up /home/user
Checklist for upgrading a very out of date install
Dual Monitor results in 'greyed' windows
cannot calibrate touchscreen
Why doesn't Banshee recognize my video mp4 files?
Can Nautilus use correct lexicographic sort?
Is it possible to customize a removable drive launcher/quicklist?
Windows XP can't access NTFS partitions created with gparted
External USB hard drives - what speeds should be expected?
Can my laptop run Unity, and if so, how?
How do I make the script to run automatically when tun0 interface up/down events?
How do I get OpenCV and Firefly MV working?
How do I tile windows side by side?
What virtualization software can I use?
Is there an easy way to copy the music from my computer to my mp3 player?
9.04 Login Screen for 11.04
How to register downloaded podcast mp3 in Banshee?
How do I get the notification icons I want in Unity?
How do I customize the Launcher in Unity 2D?
Multiple keyboards with different layouts
Permanently convert tabs to spaces in vi / vim
What file for setting default keyboard Layout
ConnMan not detecting already existing wireless network
Is there a way to make spread mode/expose/super + w highlight the current window?
Can workspace switching Ctrl + Alt + Arrows be changed?
Booting with text only on 1920*1200
How do I install the drivers for an ATI Radeon 9100IGP Integrated Motherboard Graphic Card?
I can not connect to ubuntu one from my netbook in my office
Why does unity's top panel stop to respond after some time after login (i.e. grabbing, double and middle clicking on it stops to work)
Batch-mode image effects
ddebs missing for hardy?
How do I install the VirtualBox version from Oracle to install an Extension Pack?
How do I change my keyboard layout in gnome shell?
Connecting to other LAN computers using their names
Using e-acute but not s-acute (on Keyboard USA International w/ dead keys)
Cannot install burg: error during installation
Evolution tasks not showing in the panel
What does Firefox AppArmor restrict/allow?
What is "Change Profile" in the gnome-terminal, and why is it disabled?
/usr/lib/ Symbolic Link Gets Over Written during boot
Where can I watch Mark Shuttleworth's Keynote at UDS-O?
Someone just remotely entered my computer and start googling for things. How?
Gnome and Unity are running at the same time
How can I make running emacsclient from the unity launcher reuse an existing emacs window
How to dynamically enable and disable ipv6 on an interface
System using a lot of memory and I cant find why
11.04 Live CD Doesn't Work (Black Screen)
How do I run a 64-bit guest in VirtualBox?
How can I open two half-screen windows in a row without overlapping?
Which laptop tools does Ubuntu come with?
SMART failure predicted on Harddisk after ubuntu installation on my laptop
How to fix fonts in Google Earth 6?
How do I get Aero Snap in Unity 2D?
Can I make a *.desktop item always be maximized?
Pass through USB device to guest using VirtualBox?
Make Zeitgeist aware of downloaded files from Firefox/Chrome
How do I install packages on Kubuntu?
Ubuntu 11.04 + Radeon 4850 = performance problems and graphic problems
Why do I have slow download speed on my system upgrades?
What's the criteria for an application to be included in the Universe repository?
How do I set my printer up or check the printers status under the Unity interface
Apps launched from shell scripts do not run from Unity bar
Ubuntu 11.04 wont install at all
Is there any recovery software available for ext4?
How to use @ubuntu.com email address using Thunderbird?
Is there an equivalent of the file-browser applet for unity?
Trouble downloading packages list due to a "Hash sum mismatch" error
How do I install the Sun Java Development Kit (JDK 7)?
How do I rebuild a package to include debugging information?
Change timezone in 10.04/11.04 without user input
How to install Canon PIXMA iP1600?
How do I install experimental plugins for compiz?
Compiz hides Komodo's calltip
after upgrade gdb won't attach to process
How to enable notification area (systray) for Pidgin
How do I write a Screenlet?
How to convert multiple ISO8859-1 to UTF-8
Why is Compiz crashing whenever I try to load saved settings?
How does Ubuntu handle file-system fragmentation?
How to add OCRed text to original pdf in gscan2pdf?
Application keyboard shortcuts can't modify in gnome
The About Me dialog doesn't save information
Auto-login not working
I wanted to use elementary-dark-mono icons on my panel
What will happen to default unity launcher when cairo dock is installed?
Any open source alternative to Roboform
How is SFS partition different than other?
How do I make a quicklist for umplayer? 
Gnome 3 panel distorted graphics
Super (windows) key no longer works in programs
Google Chrome does not keep cookies.
How do I set custom keyboard shortcuts in Unity via gconftool?
Blank screen after installing nvidia restricted driver
Which Intel video cards do not have an open source driver?
How to remove the panel on the right on my screen?
How to download packages without using the software center?
Re-install natty on top of an existing set up - possible?
Bash auto-completion with added spaces – why, and how to fix?
How to deal with a lot of windows?
How to use word hyperlinks?
What Easter eggs are there in Unity?
What is the best practice for security updates?
Is there a way to disable the workspace switcher in unity launcher?
Always show Global Menu?
Is there a shortcut to force close an application?
Extract text from a scanned document
How do I fix F10, F11 and F12?
MacBook Pro (5,3) Keyboard Weirdness
How can I extract audio track from video file and save it as mp3?
How do I adjust the Clock Indicator format?
HP G42 won't boot, halts on recovery session menu
Is it possible to enable Google Bookmarks Sync in Chromium?
Is there a way to move the mouse pointer with the keyboard?
Simple video editor - Rotate and cut operations for MPG clips
Computer freezing on almost full RAM, possibly disk cache problem
I need documentation on how to create quicklists
How do I enable a clipboard manager?
What's the easiest way to unrar a file?
How to monitor & log server hardware temperatures & load
Will Skype be removed from the Canonical Partner repository?
How to start X and Unity, without gdm?
Periodic Keyboard Lag/Delay
Integrate Skype into Messaging Menu
How do I monitor my total received network traffic from time x to time y?
Some windows aren't recognised by Unity
How to set up a network for a business
How can I search for files in Unity?
"Showroom" Installation of Ubuntu?
During boot, I only see a dark aubergine screen - how can I make plymouth work?
libxml2.so.2 No version information available
Single administrator computer for systems with only regular account on network
SBackup when turning my PC off
Constant freezes on new Sandy Bridge Thinkpad
LibreOffice 3.3.2 "Export to PDF" option doesn't work
Shortcut to switch  between Analog Stereo output & HDMI audio output
How to automatically install updates by a desktop user
Firewire audio interface not working on a Mac Pro
Is there syntax highlighting for psql?
How do I use a Firefox 4 profile on a separate drive/partition
Authentication failure won't resolve in Ubuntu One
Hiding window decorations when maximized on Gnome3
Getting 10.04 LTS interface on Ubuntu 11.04
Firefox 4 using more battery power and slow
Mouse wheel scroll events persist after hitting meta key
Bash auto complete for environment variables
How do you move the Unity Dash with a dual monitor setup?
How do I show the language (keyboard layout) indicator in the panel?
Is it possible to schedule the downloads required to upgrade?
Shutting down a computer remotely
Is there a way to move passwords from "Default" to "Login" in seahorse?
Ubuntuone for backup
Why I am getting a segmentation fault opening Guitar Pro?
Has GNOME2 been forked?
Kernel Panic - not syncing: VFS: Unable to mount root fs on unknown-block(0,0)
Okular lacks menus except in fully maximised mode
Alt/Win key behavior not working on MacBookPro keyboard (for mapping ctrl to win keys and the usual ctrl keys)
How can I make a window unclickable?
How do you zoom in and out while on a Skype call?
Why isn't gnome color management having any effect at login?
Machine freezes after a period of inactivity
Sound increasing and decreasing randomly in XMoto
Why does the status availability icon get stuck with three dots when logging in?
Other Linux Distros deleting Ubuntu from GRUB
Cannot make Google Chrome Default browser
How to make Vidalia work with Tor and Privoxy?
how to run a function as root in shell script
What to do when Unity's Launcher gets stuck open?
How to help improve Banshee?
Which package provides GNOME's config utility?
Chrome set system wide proxy
What FLOSS skype alternatives are available?
Getting the command for an application
Krusader - How to go to file?
How do I stop the 'Free the Fish' Easter Egg?
Do we have a simulation software for switching and routing practice? 
How to disable Mod4+S?
One IP address, Two Websites, on Two Machines
How do I select one window without opening others?
Hibernate with uswsusp not working from system menu
Problem Installing and configuring PostgreSQL
How do I search in zips or jars?
Trying to build GEDIT
After using Ubuntu installer for Windows, the monitor button enters a p
I am looking for an easy to use graphical data recovery program
cannot insert backslash with bash, python, works fine with csh, idle
Shutdown logs out instead of shutting down
publishing shotwell albums to Flickr / Picasa
How do you recover from formating your partition with grub?
Boot CD won't boot with a "x86-64 CPU,but only detected an i686 CPU" error
Where can I find the IRC logs from the channels used during UDS-O?
Why is Conky on top of windows only on boot?
After upgrade from 10.10 to 11.04 Ubuntu doesn't load the splash screen anymore
Installation of AMD proprietary FGLRX graphics driver fails
Help me interpret my dmiencode results to figure out what kind of RAM slots I have
Shotwell refusing to publish more than one photo at a time
"File Sync error." with Ubuntu One
How to I get suspend/hibernate working with my proprietary NVIDIA driver?
How to disable alternative international keyboard
Enabling system-wide dynamic range compression
Mobile 3G Connection
unity messed up by fglrx drivers
Windows disappear from panel when on alternate dual monitor
Reset Synaptics Touchpad
How can I get plugins for emesene 2?
Can multiple files be selected, then uploaded to U1 simultaneously?
Any chance an exception could be made for a LibreOffice 3.4 update -- so Natty can get Global Menus?
tmpfs vs. ext4 ramdisk
Can't play stunt rally
Can't copy from clipboard to any Java applet
How do I right click with a Magic Trackpad?
How do I get classic (not unity) desktop from run from the Live CD?
Reduce touchpad touch sensitivity or disable tap-to-click unless key is pressed
How to Add Emblems to Nautilus
Unity file dialog & window resizing in general
Getting only a flashing cursor on boot after a forced shutdown, how do I repair the system?
Is there any program to detect duplicate images?
How can I get an indicator icon for new updates?
When I select and deselect some file on my desktop, an orange line appears near the file name
Set up a Serial-to-Ethernet Converter With a Virtual Serial Port
How to create a bootable install on USB with the minimal CD?
Where is syslog.conf?
How can I set up my DisplayLink USB video adapter without having to create and edit an Xorg.conf?
Is there a way to change the icon of a running application on the Gnome panel?
Why isn't LMRoman17 font available in libreoffice?
Compile gedit 3 to use on Gnome 2
How to make the lock screen look like the login screen?
Computer restarts instead of shutting down
Assign run command for all media files
Can't Right-Click Top Menu Bar
Cannot use up down to navigate terminal history
How to move keys to "Login" in seahorse?
Apache server doesn't start automatically
Natty crashes randomly and jumps to login
Is there a way to restore all terminals at startup
Unity in 11.04 has crashed (no launcher or dash access anymore)
Hyper does the same as super by default
"apt-get --print-uris" to list URI for downloading extra functionality package for amarok,reqonk
how to install package to a specific hard disk drive partition
My newly added user cannot write to folder
Is it possible to reset all folder permissions?
Expo shortcut <Super>s doesn't work in classic desktop
How to create Unity indicators?
How to make Banshee buffer my stream?
Logging out/back in sometimes freezes after login to blank wallpaper
How to configure Firewall
App to restart after suspend|hibernate - defined in Upstart?
How do I force apt-get to update the state of package versions?
How do I put Netbook Edition on my new Acer Aspire One D255?
How much do Canonical track Ubuntu One-users behaviour?
Unable to login into my user account
Ogg music files glitch in Banshee
err: file '/lib/libgcc_s.so.1' not found
How do I run Angry Birds?
Is wine an emulator or compatibility layer?
Find and bash problems in recent Ubuntu versions
Set compiz keybindings to "low priority"
How can I stop the panel from showing on an external projector/monitor?
What is the recommended way to empty a SSD?
When and where I can find the UDS-O group photos?
Display NotifyOSD Notifcations in Conky?
Change default "open with" for Documents directory
Change default 'Open with' for document folder
PyGTK - events from gtk.Menu in Unity global menu
What is the Ubuntu "built in virus protection"?
Remember "Open location" for next time?
How to set grub2 to recognize xubuntu as xubuntu and not as ubuntu?
How to Install GPRO Organiser?
Keeping the nVidia CUDA driver in sync with kernel updates
Uninstall NVidia drivers?
run.x86-linux always at 100% CPU
Can I get rid of the launcher in Unity?
Can I disable Ubuntu One syncing for open documents?
Xubuntu keeps resetting workspace count to 1
Dual Monitor Window Management
create OS back up
Why does my computer turn off and reboot every half hour?
"CRON: Module is unknown" after upgrading to 10.04
How to delete Apps and Files & Folder (lenses) icons from Launcher?
zeitgeist-extension-fts cant seem to install after upgrade from 10.04 to 10.10
How do I change the browser that gnome terminal opens links with?
Trying to use Webex from webex.com on Firefox 4?
Is there a bug report tracking the power regression in the 2.6.38 kernel?
System doesn't boot unless I hit enter
How to Configure Launcher Placement in Multi-monitor Setup
Disk errors when booting, system doesn't run properly after disk check
How do I get wireless working on a Dell Inspiron 510m?
Laptop Screen won't stay off when connecting to an external monitor
HTML5 version of Angry Birds not rendering properly in any browser
CloudApp Client?
unity launcher behaves very weird
Sync Computers Using Ubuntu One without the Cloud
How to debug why server is blocking outsite requests
How do I make GNOME panels transparent in classic mode?
how to go back to 10.10
One click shutdown Ubuntu and load into alternative bootup
PS3 Eyetoy video camera not working in Skype
Simple switching between multiple monitor configurations
How can I do a full image backup of my system?
Shortcut key to simple textbox to perform Google search
How do I use bookmarks sync?
make command does not work - Assembler messages
File permissions: why  can't I list a directory?
I can not edit my Main Menu
How to create multiple thunderbird mail accounts?
Desktop sharing outside Empathy
How do I map the keyboard soft keys when they give no event notification?
Dual monitors: one monitor starts blinking and after a while  turns black
Ubuntu One - Sync error
MySQL Automatic backup tools
What is the preferred way to store application settings?
How can I get compiz grid working again?
How do remove the CD / DVD install as a source for apt-get packages when installing new features?
The list of running daemons
Prevent windows from opening fullscreen OR remember window size positon and workspace
Equivalent text editor to MS-DOS Editor
Different users, different desktop managers
I can't install Thunderbird
How do I install "user-theme" extension for Gnome 3?
How do I set up Edirol FA-66 firewire audio?
How can I keep menu bar on the applicaton on unity?
How to make Unity Launcher menu be almost always hidden and not influence window placement
Set xmodmap control modifier combination
How to safely shutdown Guest OS in VirtualBox using command line
How to list Compiz keybindings in use?
how to change permissions of .gvfs in my home folder
How can I change the nvidia GPU fan speed?
What team do I need to talk to about deleting a page on help.ubuntu.com?
Is there anyway to fix this wine problem?
How can I configure Internet proxy on VM?
Move entire OS from NTFS drive to bigger ext4 drive
How to setup LAMP environment?
Can I open visual basic .vbp files using gambas?
Will videos/slides from the UDS be available?
Cannot use windows font in visual basic using wine?
What media (music and video) players are there?
Mouse (in VirtualBox) scrolls horizontally
How can I move the Applications and Files & Folders lenses in the launcher?
Can I use the same home folder on different Linux systems (multiboot)?
Why are the hidden settings-folders not deleted when purging an application?
Will GNOME3 installation break Lubuntu?
How to disable mounting of external drive at boot?
How to install Gnome2 on Xubuntu?
Is it possible to blend the new Natty app bar with Ubuntu classic?
Displex terminal path issue
Some problems with Unity interface dialog box buttons
MSI RX1950 Pro-Series PCI-E video card - Is there a way to make 3D functions work?
Is there a command or tool to delete unneccessary settings in the home-folder automatically?
How to easily open the Launcher with a secondary monitor to the left
is there any app or workaround to blacklist or whitelist apps and websites?
LAME Conversion Without Extension
Cannot remove iTunes (installed with WINE) from Unity Applications lens
Google Video Command Line Download
Uninstalled python package, now the system is broken
Is there a way to make suspend by closing the lid ALWAYS possible on a Samsung NC10?
How can I set up twin view on 11.04 with a Matrox G400/G450?
How do I restore old Empathy logs from a previous installation?
Is it possible to login in Unity when the nomodeset parameter is set?
Unity won't load at login, but starts in Classic after running unity --reset
Boot failure randomly. Can someone help?
Multimedia keys (XF86Audio*) not shown by xev, even though still working
Is there any program or add-ons to download FLV from website?
Dash sometimes stuck open; how to force it to close without logging out
how to keep nautilus or another program in memory to run more fast?
How to switch language spellingcheck on the fly when changing keyboard with alt-shift?
Playing VCDs on Ubuntu
90% CPU used by Ubuntu One
How to make cursor change from thin line to block based on normal or insert mode in Console Vim on Gnome Terminal
Ubuntu gives black/no graphics after waking up from sleep
Who to follow on Twitter if you are interested in Ubuntu?
Can't install on a HP Mini 210-1100
Package not available for this type of computer
Why I got: Requires installation of untrusted packages
Firefox with Ubufox does not find plugins
Is there a copy handling progam available that can queue, pause and resume?
"Failed to execute default File Manager: Input/output error"
How do I download old unsupported packages such as Kernel headers?
GRUB error: no loaded kernel
Cannot install vmware-tools: A previous installation of VMware Tools has been detected
How to make AverTv tuner work
Unity Attribute Error when resetting
TV program like DSCaler?
How to test a Live-CD/USB + add drivers for Broadcom wireless card + reboot and continue the Live-CD/USB testing?
Working USB wifi 802.11n 5GHz network adapter in Ubuntu?
How to allow Upstart task to block system boot?
How to learn chess with ubuntu software?
Does powering off the PC without shutting down harm the system?
How to install Ubuntu as the single OS on a MacBook?
What's the meaning of the Ubuntu logo? Where does it come from?
Ibus does not show option in input method except Chinese
Grub-update doesnt find the other OS anymore
Why is WUBI limited to 30GB?
Install to SD Card
Receiving unwanted emails from launchpad
How to change the about:config shortcut in unity?
How to automatically switch monitors with my laptop dock
Any hope for Unity using ATI Radeon?
After upgrading, effects are very slow
Changing my Home folder's owner
number keypad not working regularly
Mouse locks when keys are pressed
How to show opera in the dash?
Setting up on Ubuntu server for PXE Lan install for installing Windows
Increase persistent file size to greater than 4 gigabytes
What user-friendly VPN software is available?
Can I install a 2nd Ubuntu next to preexisting Win7 + Ubuntu Wubi installation?
Can I try LibreOffice 3.4 without installing it?
Ubuntu UEC moving to OpenStack: What to do about new installations for the next 6 months?
How do I enable multi-row layout for the workspace switcher applet in Metacity?
Sensor applet doesn't save settings after restart
Closing gnome-shell leaves ubuntu without a shell
Sound application indicator for Esound is missing after I uninstalled PulseAudio?
Do kernel downgrades to fix power regressions in newer kernels?
How long does Wubi take to download and/or save place?
How do I report a missing package dependency during an upgrade?
Is there a way to add a main menu button to the unity panel?
Need to set up Tomcat and JSF on an ubuntu machine
How can I install AWN trunk?
Disable resizing of specific window using Devilspie
Application will not open
Flash video is insanely choppy?
Is there a way to install lo-menubar as per-user local extension?
Can't view files on partitioned external drive
How do I show a list of applications in Unity?
Is it possible to import/export radio station as a list into/from Banshee
Putty-like copy/paste
Can I create a quicklist sub-menu?
How do I add English-UK thesaurus and other locales to LibreOffice?
pgAdmin III: ERROR: function postgis_full_version() does not exist
How do I open multiple terminals?
What resolution works best?
Why does skype shut down by itself?
Modifying mouse/touchpad sensitivity
Firefox global menu bookmarks no middle/right click?
Should I use the Nouveau Gallium 3D driver?
Accidentally deleted the "linux-image-generic"
Remove unity from 11.04
Upgraded to 11.04 and now most of the UI is gray and boxy
Conky for Google Calendar and Tasks?
Is there a tool to update my PPA sources.list entries after upgrading?
How do I  remap command key to be the control key on a Macbook 4,1?
How do I get my windows controls back?
The 'File Manager' icon in the Unity launcher opens my Home folder. How can I get it to open my Documents folder instead?
How to get rid of Pidgin/Purple's statuses Evil and Depression?
ATI Radeon: nomodeset kernel parameter  is necessary since I upgraded to kernel 2.6.38
How to create a manpage?
Why is it still not possible to shut-down the PC when LibreOffice-quickstart is active?
Checking scratched CD integrity
How to change the color of the status bar in nautilus file (nautilus.rc)?
Will replacing GRUB with BURG increase my system's boot time?
How do I boot a minimal CD ISO from a USB stick and use a wireless driver
Unity indicators slowly disappear after suspending laptop on dual monitor configuration
Is it possible to change language of battery status indicator?
Installing Ubuntu upgrade side by side with old version
GDM session list borked
Remap CapsLock to Control-T
Is it possible to adjust the snap feature?
Bricked 10.10 only gives me initramfs
How to show GoldenDict in system tray?
Installing ubuntu desktop without all the bloat
Syncing much faster on 11.04 than in 10.10
How to add dockbarx (gnome) panel applet to unity panel?
Removing dual boot with 11.04 upgrade
Freeze when moving mouse to bottom right corner of screen since Ati Catalyst 11.5
Is using Internet Explorer 6 on PlayonLinux legal?
Regularly losing wifi connection
How to properly pin Chrome/ium apps in their own "application" in Unity?
How can I gzip my web directories?
where is stored the icon informations for folders
Drivers for a Brother MFC-240C printer, they still exist?
How to Install pavucontrol without apt?
GUI for configure -> make -> make install
Getting a graphic on the clipboard to the disk?
Display XChat icon in message menu
ThinkPad TrackPoint Buttons Not Working Well
Kubuntu hangs on shutdown
Windows Boot Manager: Make Ubuntu the default instead of Windows
How can I disable workspaces for external monitor?
Decrease GRUB timeout
Is AES-NI fully supported?
Loading Dropbox on start-up when my Dropbox folder is on separate partition
Ubuntu On Windows Without Internet
Is this CPU usage normal for Xorg?
How do I install GRUB on a RAID system installation?
position of window control buttons
Xubuntu 11.04 doesn't boot with a splash screen/image
How can I specify a more appropriate font substitution?
set fn + arrow to represent 'home' and 'end'
uninstalling flash plugin completely
Can I restore paid apps from the Software Center after a OS reinstall?
Problems with disappearing authentication window
Is Ubuntu One be able to store RAW and AVI files?
How to submit commercial apps to the Ubuntu Software Center?
How to get dpkg working again?
Ubuntu upgrade to 11.04 from 10.10 no options
Secure Remote Access To Machine?
how to use kernel headers appropriately?
How do I start developing a lens for Unity?
How can I install the OpenGL libraries in Ubuntu 11.04?
Is it possible to use LightDM in 11.04?
How do I transfer videos from a Kodak Playsport video camera to my computer?
How to transfer files from/to an Android device with ADB via GUI?
How to install printer driver for HP Deskjet 1000 J110?
Resume interrupted copy
Is there something similar to the Android AppDrawer/App Launcher?
Unity Lenses Missing (files/folders, applications)
How do I disable the trackpad on my MacBook Pro using syndaemon?
System always start with "System program problem detected" dialog
How do I compile SMPlayer?
Grub loader problem
How to add the "shutdown applet" back after installing `ubuntu-desktop`
Merge split terminal tab back into one terminal
Can I make Unity Autoscale according to monitor size, resolution and dot pitch?
Ubuntu-Kubuntu start-up messed up: how to clean up?
Error connecting to newly configured FTP
How can I play mp4 files from a USB live iso?
Windows installer on CD (executable bit)
what is the file that contains the default application icons list for the unity launcher?
Ubuntu Unity (64-bit) Bugs on Nvidia dual screen
What are the most compatible mini PCI express wireless cards
How to destroy a window?
Launch a second copy of an application using unity
How do I transfer an installation from internal to external USB HDD
Banshee under Unity stops playing music when hitting the (x) icon
Graphical shortcut to command
VirtualBox hardware acceleration on Ubuntu Server
How do I interfere with domain access?
Installing Ubuntu on external hard disk
Can Banshee play internet radio from .pls files?
When I boot, I have to log in 3 to 5 times
Minecraft jar not marked as executable
Cannot get temperatures in Dell Studio 1558
Looking for a simple outliner
Installing apt module without internet
GRUB2 failed with 'No video mode activated'
How to truly secure a hard-drive?
Should translations of X-GNOME-* extension keys be stripped from desktop entry files and put in language packs instead?
Folder browser: Copy to restricted locations?
Why is Ubuntu looking like Windows 98?
Kate autoindent is off, but it keeps autoindenting
Where is catalina_base and catalina_home located for tomcat6?
How do I fix a slow boot on a RAID setup?
How can I upgrade a netbook with low system memory?
Looking for a Frontpage alternative (web design IDE)
How do I configure the Wacom Bamboo tablet drawing area?
How do I recover when Compiz crashes?
How to configure GNOME 3 to show icons on desktop
Dell Vostro 3450 Bluetooth disables on reboot
Can I migrate IMAP folders to an accessible backup somewhere?
How do I update my graphics drivers?
How do I define a file context options keyboard shortcut?
Is there any "always below" option for the windows, like the "always on top" one?
Ubuntu One music store - in my currency?
How to open a PDF file from terminal?
How to change the new workspace icon to the older icon?
How can I get the Skype notification back in the system tray?
What happens when I install the package "linux"?
How to prompt for input while doing preseed/late_command?
Tablet pen doesn't work correctly when in portrait mode
Is there a way to set the brightness of my desktop PC using key shortcuts?
Sub folders in /home/Documents "disappeared" from Nautilus view
Low graphics performance with Intel HD graphics
Can I install 10.04 on a Sandy Bridge box?
Weather indicator not showing felt air temperature?
Duplicate Application Icons appear in Dash
Back in time on Natty
Bootchart zombie process udevadm
How to update packages compiled from source?
What is the difference between the 'sudo' and 'admin' group?
How do I share files with a Mac?
Is it possible to add middle click option to close tabs?
How do I down sync from ubuntuone to my computer?
How to remove a repository?
Can iPod/iPad be accessed through Nautilus?
How do I get the Ubuntu One client in my native language?
How to connect Brother MFC 255 CW wireless printer?
Is there a Cohuman client?
Why can't I read drives properly?
How to auto mount using sshfs?
Why does Samba always time-out whilst copying a large file off a network share?
Creating & running Windows virtual machines?
Rhythmbox opens out of focus from Sound Menu
Unity launcher doesn't hide automatically on start up
Power Management - Sleep / Wake up Server when accessed
Error 'Render ring head forced to zero'
Any one experienced problem installing (ilog/ibm)'s cplex?
How do I get my blacked out ttys back?
Where can I download the Intel C++ Compiler?
How to send a mail on a click?
What if I don't have a bashrc?
Are there any unwanted gnome libraries for a unity user?
Suggest mp3 player having minimum requirements
gconf for lubuntu?
Can't see incoming messages in Empathy and Skype
Is there a theme that reprises the old Sun Sparc style interface?
How do I get my laptop's Line In inlet to output sound?
Silverlight 3 streaming via future Moonlight version?
Hbase 0.90.2 doesn't start
8 GB RAM on 64 bit processor using 32 bit Ubuntu
How do I install packages selectively from repositories?
How to open Mac documents .page, on LibreOffice
stop crypttab asking for password for swap
Will files and data be deleted when I update from 10.10 to 11.04?
Installing Ubuntu over ubuntu netbook?
How to play DVDs after installing the recommended libraries?
How do I start KDE after X crash?
Is there a Unity alternative?
How to operate Korean IME?
How can I take a screenshot of the login screen?
How to automatically connect to VPN with Network-Manager
Is there any way to launch Tomboy without showing up the main window?
How can I graphically mount ISOs?
Holding Click On Window Titlebar While Changing Workspaces in 11.04
Is there a way to shutdown the X display?
What's the best chess program for a beginner?
How do I play Quake Live?
What are common causes for greatly decreased internet speeds?
Fail2ban misses some relay attempts
How to show current permissions of a folder
How to file a bug on GNOME's bugzilla?
Terminal Shortcut Key not respecting keyboard layout
where can I buy a Lenovo X220 with ubuntu preinstalled?
Where's the "log out" option after clicking the power icon?
Black screen except for mouse cursor on Thinkpad Edge 15
Wine programs (Steam and Football Manager) don't work after upgrade
How to find the command of an installed application?
Is it possible to change the size of icons in the indicator applet?
How to replace python-gtkhtml2?
How do I install XULRunner since it's a requeriment for Pencil?
Ubuntu one restarts sync every 5 min
Copying files to SD card not saving
My Lenovo Ideapad u165 wireless doesn't work 
Is Alt+Tab made obsolete by Super+W in Unity?
Why isn't my audio working?
HP DeskJet 1000 J110 printer won't print
Can I run Ubuntu in JavaScript (Linux emulator)?
Gnome Do Banshee plugin?
Why do the installed and most recent version numbers of Gwibber differ? 
How to configure automatic reboot after kernel panic?
Why is there a size discrepancy when copying from HFS+ to Ext4?
how to make byobu start with terminator by default?
Change owner of internal hard drive partition from root to user
"weird" Google Chrome feature, huge address bar pops up
Is it safe to uninstall anacron?
Testing my raid array / is my mdadm raid working OK?
How to list packages from a ppa/source in command line?
How to reset main user account?
Why won't my setup see the partitions on my hard drive?
Nautilus "open in remote teminal" fails after login
Symbolic links vs Hard links
How to start different Desktop Environments?
Unity is completely theme less with nautilus?
Unity (and its window decorator) keeps crashing, especially when using maximised windows
What if I accidentally run command "chmod -R" on system directories (/, /etc, ...)
how to make ubuntu to remember the login keying password
How can I show workspace names in unity?
Shell Script to install software & configure network
No sound with Intel 82801I Audio
Multi screen external monitor unrecognized
How to Install and run Greedy Car Thieves?
Increase edge binding delay?
Possible to preview what will rsync do, before overwriting/deleting files?
Choose password for new keyring
How can I export all the mp3s from a playlist in Banshee?
Can't log in to Samba PDC with domain account
Plugging two external screens to laptop via VGA and HDMI
How to install KDE 4.3 on Ubuntu 9.04? (or how can I use konqueror 4.3 on andlinux?)
How can I run the Bitcoin client on Natty?
Image slideshow application?
Update and log-in hazzles
Windows media center alternatives
How can I edit the quicklists via GUI?
Why does file synchronization take so long?
How can I use a camcorder as webcam on USB mode?
Skype - voice fine, but no notification sounds
How do I make a key on the keyboard do *nothing*?
Auto copy files when added to network share
How to install the latest version of Groovy?
Where can I find the fingerprint of 'bazaar.launchpad.net'?
How to go about trying to access files stored on mobile phone (via USB)?
Unity shortcuts for switching to the next/previous windows in group and the next/previous applications?
GDM causes freeze on a remote login server. (over 5,000 users)
How do I remove all files that match a pattern?
How do I get "Quickly" to use Git?
How do I access a hard drive from a live CD?
Is there a music player that doesn't play video or show photos?
hardware error pindown
How to show the mounted disc title in the Unity?
Why does Nvidia Settings have different resolutions than the Monitor option?
How can I add the Nvidia X Settings to the panel?
Is Ubuntu planning to have something similar to Akonadi?
11.04 unable to read DVDs and CDs burned in 11.04?
SSHFS hangs during file copy
How to find run time of a program from commmand line?
How to select on which monitor YouTube fullscreens?
What program should I use to manage an iPod Shuffle (4G)?
Mouse settings not restored after disconnecting external mouse
Tool to convert a sequence of numbered PNG files to an animated GIF?
How do I get turbo boost working?
Accessing an Ubuntu share from Mac OS X (Snow Leopard)
Does an upgrade to a partition format get applied to an already existing partition?
Is it possible to unformat an ext4 partition that previously had an ext4 partition on it?
Dell Vostro 1510 trackpad
Firefox 4 UI icons disappeared after upgrade to 11.04
Modification on USB bootable drive
Can glade be used with python pygi introspection?
System logs out on video playing in Full Screen
How do I add Netbeans to the Unity launcher?
How do I get Compiz, Emerald, and GNOME to work?
Game real-time modification utility?
Help with implementing usb_modeswitch
How do I find out where in /dev my microphone audio input is going?
How do I use LightDM with GNOME3?
Maximized windows stop repaint when loosing focus
Banshee is working very slow
Whenever I plugged my monitor to my laptop the display the background image stays in the same resolution
Why is the default delay for the static application switcher pop up set to 0.2s?
How can I export MySQL database manually - without phpmyadmin
Zeitgeist does not index folders in NTFS partition
Since upgrade to Natty, no longer automatically booting from drive at startup
ElasticFox on Firefox 4
Hamster applet in UNR 9.10
How to open .arc file
Bash cannot expand backticks interactively
how to put a trigger on a directory
Mouse busy cursor is lost
How do I unmaximize full screen view in virt-manager?
How to perform a rake task after startup?
Can connect to internet only via proxy
New to the Linux game, need help
So I am not allowed to report a bug against radeon driver because "natty is complete"?
Problem with my partitions?
Missing libxmlrpc-c3 dependency while installing Boxee
How do I adjust the alt-tab speed?
How to integrate Skype into the messaging menu?
How to get RVM working when run from a startup script
Proprietary driver for my laptop k40ab (ATI HD4570)
Print Tomboy notes recursively
Multi Monitor Setup Problems
How do I install the nvidia driver for a GeForce 9300M?
/home partition not recognized
Hide the taskbar in Virtualbox's Seamless Mode
No lightning calendar on pc for Thunderbird 3.1 but available on my net-book
Banshee is unable to determine audio cd metadata
Why is my Unity theme going haywire?
jhbuild will not continue git downloads
Why is Spotify (WINE) so slow?
With two simultaneous users, how much memory is consumed?
Using ubuntu classic window manager from USB drive
How to configure Movie Player (totem) to append to playlist instead of replacing it
monitor or watch a process and restart if it goes down
Why does the sound icon turn blue sometimes?
MacBook crashes due to overheating?
How to change ubiquity release name
How can I apply a LADSPA plugin to a PulseAudio stream?
How to add packages to Ubuntu 11.04 Install DVD?
Best practices to ease the OS upgrade procedure
Drivers for a Lexmark X4690
How can I change the scrollbar's background color for theme?
Live USB faster than full install
Can the unity panel calendar show my local public holidays?
Why can't I create menu separators?
Why Update Manager doesn't use indicators?
Formatting Pen Drive causes 'Daemon Is Inhibited' Error
How to make Ubuntu remember forever the password after the first time
Is blu-ray writing support reliable yet?
Internet extremely slow on a Ralink 2501USB
Switching to Chrome in 11.10?
Accessing my Windows 7 files from my Ubuntu account
What is the application of JRE in LibreOffice?
How can I disable Caps Lock on text-mode (tty) terminals?
Asogiate won't work on 11.04. How do I fix that?
No sound on a Studio XPS 1647 
Does Unity support Dual Monitors?
Ubuntu - any good method to know which package contains the specified app?
Best practice to keep a NTFS partition constantly mounted?
How to change the date format?
How can I view a live volume meter?
10gbE on Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Desktop and VirtualBox
usb device name
Don't wait for user input on errors while booting
How to connect to homepage after creating it with a python webframework (hyde) from an other machine in the same network?
How to make my own ubuntu disc?
How to upload a image to DeviantArt directly from GIMP?
How to upload an image to deviantArt directly from Inkscape and GIMP?
How do I make the Panel and Window Decorations appear on a second monitor?
Kubuntu and screen savers
How can I find out, which jar-files java is currently running (and their PIDs)?
How to recall history in teminal
How do I install the experimental 3d Nvidia drivers?
Apt-get ignoring a repo even if I clear the cache
How can I make a launcher for ALT+TAB window switcher?
How to ssh to Live CD for remote recovery - root password issue?
Where can I change shortcut for expo in current workspace only (ALT+SHIFT+up)?
Progress bar for scp command
How do I install LXDE / Lubuntu?
Apllications not starting from launcher
gparted can't see partitions on an Acer Extensa 5420 laptop
Can not access ssh server from outside
FN keys not working on an HP G62 laptop. Xev show nothing
Differences among Weather Indicators
How can I modify my `ls` command?
Why do I need to republish a file when I update it?
Unity login doesn't work after KDE installation
How do I load iptable kernel modules onto a VPS?
Can't ping Ubuntu laptop from my LAN
What is a "viewport"? What about a "workspace"?
What SSD support changes are there in 11.04?
Disable auto-login from the CLI
Auto-mount in fstab no longer working until manually running 'sudo mount -a'
High Idle CPU temperature under Ubuntu, but not Windows
Not able to connect to internet using my wired network connection on my Dell inspiron N1401 laptop
what does this means 'error in Version string 'svn3799ppa1~maverick1' version number does not start with digit'?
Mouse dead zone that makes it impossible to click?
Allocate free space on a partition inside an extended
Compiz with Intel video card not working after upgrade to 11.04
How to upgrade a single package using apt-get?
What Logo should we use for Ubuntu Power Users?
How to increment the amount of documents shown in the Recent Document List
How do I install libtiff.so.3?
How to diagnose problems with a DVD drive?
What's the name of the program that tells you how many packages need to be updated?
Search for 'Games' in Dash to show Games from Applications Lens etc
Is there an alternative to carbonite?
Is there Social Desktop provider other than openDesktop?
How do I set up XDMCP?
Is there a way to get thin scrollbars in 10.10?
Issues with Java's JDBC (MySQL) for linux - Crontab job causes connection failure in java program, but when run manually is fine
UPS Compatibility with Ubuntu Server
Is there a way to move/remove "system settings" from the shut-down menu?
What programs/distro are being run in these screenshots?
How to make Update-Manager working 
Why are my fonts bold?
Is using Ubuntu Minimal any different from Server?
Problems with multi-monitor with Unity
How do I move the Unity title bar buttons to the right side?
Is there a Sizeup alternative?
System Freeze upon wake-up
Recommended desktop sharing setup on same network segment
Very slow boot due to mounting filesytem
Strange file exist with name '* (star, asterisk)'
Why do my applets randomly crash?
Frustrated with Ubuntu and SoftwareRaid 5
How can I direct a pipe input to ls command?
How to get Wireless working with Ubuntu 11 Server?
Mounting /dev/sdd1 fails: according to mtab, /dev/sdd1 is already mounted
Removing Gnome3-session properly
Disable joining multiple windows to one icon in unity panel
Are there any easy to use image editing programs?
Wanting to understand LVM & the default setup
Files are read-only after copying over samba
How do i install Libreoffice 3.4?
Application shortcuts in home folder for Message-Menu
How to Dual boot Ubuntu along with another Linux Distribution?
Mouse/gesture control with kinect?
How can I have 2 rows and 3 columns of desktops/workpaces in Lubuntu?
Transmission causes internet to stop working - log off required to make it work again
Ignore "Bad: new and old password are too similar"
Locked/stuck up screensaver after monitor turns off
Busybox error on boot
How to hide Skype icon from Notification Area?
How do I fix the 1908 Virtualbox error?
Is there anyone running his/her own instance of Launchpad?
Printers compatible with Ubuntu also compatible with Crunchbang?
Screen completely screwed up when in dual screen in Unity
Change applications displayed on dash's home?
Can't install openoffice: package dependencies cannot be resolved
How to customize indicator-datetime to two line configuration?
Is it possible to play Fable 3 through Wine?
What web browsers are there for Ubuntu?
Why is there a new Group for me as a User?
Is there a flavour of libreoffice that is better looking
Why does the Software Center not have a button for removing recently installed packages?
How does updating running application binaries during an upgrade work?
Broadcom BCM4321 wireless doesn't work on battery
Pink Screen on GRUB Boot
Problems upgrading from 9.04
Is there a way to open a text file in an already open instance of gedit?
Broadcom Issue in 11.04, but not in 10.10
How do I create a custom slideshow as a background?
How do I play mov files in Chrome?
LibreOffice interface is not showing
How to fix PostgreSQL installation
Blank screen with blinking cursor after install
How do I mount Shares from an iomega ix4-200d?
Broke Evince / Missing libevdocument library
Boot partition changes every time it's mounted. How to stop this?
Reboot Cycle with Ubuntu Server 10.04.02 on Install
Upgrade to 11.04 failed, how do I repair when it won't even boot?
Computer does not have the necessary hardware to run Unity
Ubuntu One for Android and Fedora
Apt-get update error: http://extras.ubuntu.com Public key unavailable
FA-66 sound card sometimes cuts out and stops working, causing me to restart Jack
How to preview windows of a specific application in Unity?
How do I open folders containing a blank in a quicklist?
Installation automation
How to enable root login?
Precondition for executing Xorg -configure and postcondition how to use its output?
Black screen when playing a movie in VLC player, just the sound is enabled
Where can I download synaptics touchpad drivers?
Is it possible to apply any themes to improve the appearance of Evolution?
Is it possible to change the color of "vt.handoff" screen at boot?
Why is full-hinting for fonts not on by default?
Unity side bar sticking?
Launcher not auto-hiding while using Writer
Command line audio players
Only displaying background/cursor after login after Natty upgrade (using NVIDIA drivers)
Ubuntu desktop suddenly points to home folder
Kodak EasyShare M590 plugging into Ubuntu
Getting wireless N to work on Dell Vostro 3300?
List of compatible or non-compatible video cards for Unity 3d
Does Ubuntu Live session write anything on the primary partition
Black screen when booting on a Mac mini 4,1
If I add some packages to "Recommends:", will apps pull them in with the update?
How to install downloaded packages in terminal
Quickest method to display image dimensions for files in Nautilus in List View?
How to show unread IMAP mail count in Byobu
Building a GNOME 3 based distribution from scratch?
How do I specify several folders (/tmp and /var for instance) to mount in a same partition using the installer?
How do I edit a file / launch an app without having to worry about "permission denied" messages?
Excel Cell Comments Are White When Opened in Calc?
Adding code to .gtkrc-2.0?
Where has all the RAM gone?
Where's the Gnome Nanny blacklist repo?
Why is Xorg taking up so much memory and CPU?
Program to remove image from mp3 files
How to run just one application over ethernet while others on wifi
How do I set a Smoothing to grayscale in fonts.conf?
How do I remove "apps available for download" from 11.04
Piping command output to an Empathy chat window
How do I get the users to be listed in gnome 3 gdm?
Accessing home directory of encryted ubuntu. Its on a USB stick and refuses to boot
Can I install ubuntu from a blu-ray disc?
Default groups for user in Ubuntu 11.04?
No colord package error while compiling GNOME3
How do I stop Seahorse from asking for my password multiple times on every login?
Problem with Pidgin and Launcher in Unity 3D
How to set umask for a specific folder
What is "umask" and how does it work?
Sharing Guest Account Disabled
Sharing home folder between Windows 7 and Ubuntu 11.04 running inside VMWare
GRUB 2 resolution: Possible resolutions not listed in vbeinfo or hwinfo --framebuffer
Problem installing on computer with SATA-harddrive
Which NDS emulator run better in Ubuntu?
Can I customize how often Ubuntu One syncs to the cloud?
How to format/partition SD card?
Mounting Error at Boot
Is there any "personalized magazine"-style application?
Simple file doesn't run (command not found!)
Enable wifi on my computer - firmware missing
Test Blank CD/DVD?
What are the FOSS solutions for partition merging?
Data Recovery using testDisk failing!
How to really-really rescan media library in Banshee?
Show running windows in launcher quicklist?
Which firefox.desktop prevails?
Why are my two ubuntu installs on separate partitions sharing the same apt-get data?
Who loves Unity interface over Gnome?
Remove password request after screensaver
"Destination Host Unreachable" on ping
Desktop edition to Server edition and support
Ubuntu One message appearing: You do not have permission?
No sound out of MacBook speakers & red LED in headphone jack
How to get ICH AC97 audio controller to work under Ubuntu Server
evolution notification for folders
Empty file keeps getting synced when I modify any file in a folder
Weird Notification Area bug with Banshee
Can I control which session I want to login at Grub loading?
Hide Artha Dictionary Icon from Notification Area in Classic Interface?
Where is the difference between using `pdfimages` from poppler-utils and using the one provided by xpdf-utils for image extraction?
persistent notification for Unity launcher icons
Can't find how to change Xbmc mouse speed
Ubuntu 11.04 hangs when try to resume from screen lock.
How can i change the color of the rectangle made by the mouse when i press (and keep) the left button?
Videos playing too fast
Unable to ssh into a system
Why doesn't the search function in the Unity dash (11.04) return the same results in Nautilus search?
Adding network printer in Kubuntu 11.04 with printer account?
Nvidia driver activated but not in use (gtx280)
How do I stream my microphone via VLC?
Changing the update server from india to main server: 404  Not Found
How do you get the Broadcom BCM4306 wireless card working?
How do I integrate git with emacs?
How do I get notification for new mail in all folders in Evolution?
All of my files have disappeared from ubuntu one
No route to host - Proxy issue
Can't execute .out files, getting permission denied
How to Add a Shortcut On Desktop
How to change volume of pulseaudio playback-apps / -streams that aren't currently in use?
Clock disappeared from notification area
Transmission webui problem - Conflict 409
How to fix install of Python 2.5.4?
Keyboard command/shortcut to resize window
How can I make a folder read-only for just a specific application?
How to reduce font size of the header/footer in Firefox print jobs?
Display number of hours since a specific time in bash
How can I install haskell-platform?
I cannot install applications because I don't know what to do with the authentication dialog
Recommendation for Petri Nets modelling software?
How can I queue file operations?
What is a good setup for LaTeX and R?
Can I create a Unity URL launcher for the Applications Lens?
Can I set a default syntax highlighting in Gedit?
How are flags used in linux for file protection?
How to bulk rename files after modification date?
How can I create a hidden ad-hoc network?
Show visualization instead of album art in Totem?
Share adhoc connection with Playstation 3
Upgrade from 10.10 to 11.04 broke Ubuntu
How should I read a file of type "text/calendar"?
How do I install the game ClanBomber?
Why is 'S' the 'W'orkspace switcher and 'W' the 'S'cale plugin?
Ping option to know whether net is not in a proper way
How to format datetime indicator in Unity's panel to show in two lines?
Linux Installation Copy & Version Upgrading
How do I permanently "trust" my router?
Old kernel and recent CPU
What shutdown timers with/without GUI are there available?
How to switch orientations of a bamboo tablet?
Why does Ubuntu still require restart after kernel updates when tools out there mean it's unnecessary?
Nautilus crashes
Anyone using KVM with Spice protocol?
Copy & Paste a file utility for terminal
How do I set the backup destination directory of bup?
How to re-add the 'Home Folder' launcher item?
How to remove an "Unallocated" partition
How do I refer to a display with xinerama enabled?
Upgraded to 11.04, now its not loading the normal way
Disabling login prompt and/or VGA output
Move installation to an other HD
Using the terminal to update Twitter
How to configure chrome to open magnet url's with deluge?
No Bash completion in VNC connections?
Possible to format/create partitions with Clonezilla?
Download Source to Build Application Myself
Are there geographical restrictions to the software center?
Switched to Debian 6, but still have home encrypted
How do I fix "Wireless network disabled by hardware switch"?
Ubuntu replacement for IrfanView
Does changing a partition-type lead to data loss?
How to burn ISOs with LXDE + Ubuntu?
Git basics, How can I grab files from git?
Prevent launcher from showing when Super key is merely held down or when it's combined with another key
Will a Virtual Box Installation have low Disk performance
Window Placement on Unity doesn't open programs on workspaces 3 and 4, how can I fix it?
DisplayPort with Intel integrated graphics
Why won't my WiFi work with a Belkin USB dongle and WPA2?
rsyncing /home between 10.04 and 11.04
Windows jutter from place to place in classic desktop with ATI driver
How can I move all windows to one screen with a single command?
Where can I see if the server I update from is up to date?
What is the difference between ext3 & ext4 from a generic user's perspective
Can udev be used (udev rules) to whitelist certain usb devices?
What to check before I allow upgrade from my system?
Can Evolution and Thunderbird share an addressbook?
How to change Shift + <Keypad Key> behavior?
Don't display media on the Desktop
How can I create a filesystem "view" of a folder that excludes certain files?
Blank screen after upgrading to 10.04 to 10.10
What does "local or obsolete" mean in Synaptic
How do I search for a file or directory in Ubuntu Server?
Ubuntu One sync seems frozen?
Why are some Open Office packages marked as "local or obsolete" in Synaptic
Using Maverick how to upgrade certain packages to newer versions?
Why does Banshee recognize my Android on Ubuntu, but not on Mythbuntu?
How to enable true remote login
How can I install Eclipse with Ant 1.8?
Can't stream hd on Ubuntu but can easily on Windows
How to switch audio output between laptop speakers and docking station, or at least disable jack sense?
Dual-monitor: Can't make gnome-panel and new windows default to first monitor
Gedits gedit-latex-plugin not working correctly
When to update packages?
Any plans to add a Win7-Style "Preview Pane" for previewing files in Nautilus?
Speakers only pop & hiss after system crash - no more sound
RubyMine popups and window events die after successful system resume
Window borders disappear
How to fix black tooltips in Eclipse?
I keep getting a syntax error when trying to install Bumblebee
How can I setup gstreamer to work with specific sf2 sound bank?
How to run .desktop files from command line
What should I call this key?
Very strange rosegarden crash issue?
Converting panasonic .MTS video into high quality mpeg videos?
Prevent external monitors from shutting off when laptop lid is closed?
How do I assign a keyboard shortcut that uses AltGr as a modifier key?
Ubuntu suddenly logged out with no symptoms
Cannot write to Folder mounted with SSHFS
Installed Ubuntu 11.04 and now have no frames and/or panels
Disable sudo permission to user from command line
Desktop installation never gets to the graphical stage with a GMA500
Dual Boot Ubuntu 11.04 / Vista 32 with a RAID 0
Force full-screen game to one monitor?
Kate switches to RTL input and I can't get back to LTR
External monitors don't go into standby if laptop lid is closed
How to create a KDE start application menu launcher that launches the search and launch desktop?
Evolution has lost all email data after upgrade to 11.04, is there a way to recover the data?
Issue about pl2303 on Ubuntu 8.04
How can I get Ubuntu to recognize the size of the disk it's on?
How do I set the refresh rate used by KMS on the FOSS ati driver?
How to control internet access for each program?
How do I route my internet through a SSH tunnel?
"Disk driver for / is not ready yet or not present" error after upgrade
Enable Personal File Sharing
How do I remove manually installed packages?
How to add an IP alias on a bridged interface?
How to add a new additional dash and launcher in Unity. (beside of current launcher)
Terminal: Open multiple profiles in tabs
Hibernation does not work in 11.04, used to work in 10.10, but suspend/resume works fine on a Dell Inspiron N5010
Is there a fingerprint reader tool available for Ubuntu?
Hide mail icon from top bar
Xorg constant high cpu usage
Is it possible to use Windows Internet Connection Inside Virtual Box Installaion
Unable to mount audio disk (DBus error)
How to install MySQL workbench?
My wireless card is stuck on channel -1 when I'm trying to use aireplay-ng
Group default.plymouth is broken
How do I tether to a Nokia E61 mobile phone?
Best Wifi Manager
Fn Key Keycode?
Postgresql: change default data path
Kubuntu 11.04 + Windows 7 dual boot laptop drive encryption
Where are these Unity close, minimize and maximize icons located?
In Unity is there a possibility to add groups and programs to the dash?
LibreOffice Window Placement
StackApplet Faenza icons
Is there an alternative to Redshift and F.lux which only dims the screen?
Uploading video to youtube in right format
How to find name of png file used on a desktop launcher?
How to increase the partition size of Ubuntu installed under Windows?
Can't run desktop python applications when switching out the default Python version
What is the default dictionary?
How do I install update the BIOS of my Acer Aspire 4820TG laptop?
Need drivers for Matrox G400
How I priorize program hotkeys?
Vmware Server Console stops responding to clicks
How to connect to a CISCO VPN through UFW
How can I assign a middle button press to a specific key in my laptop?
Any ways to make Unity pop up faster/better?
Kubuntu 11.04 wireless scan doesn't find network
How can I install 'restricted-extras' offline?
Gnome-Shell no longer a login menu selection
Launcher and panel disappeared after enabling Wobbly Windows and Desktop Cube effects
Dont dim desktop when asking password for administrative changes
Certificate logins to servers
Error messages shown while booting Ubuntu 11.04
How to make Banshee copy files to my Creative Zen MP3 player as MP3 instead of FLAC
How to make WebM desktop recordings?
Freeze when resuming from screensaver or monitor-sleep-state
How can I fix the ugly fonts in java applications?
How can I know the usernames connected to my system?
Mount drive through command line (as if I clicked on it in nautilus)
How do I use bold font in terminal? (echo/cat)
Which Ubuntu packages are considered genuine?
How to delete a second swap partition safely?
Why isn't Document Viewer 2.32.0 using subpixel rendering?
FGLRX doesn't show in Additional Drivers
Moving SSH keys from Ubuntu
How can I configure the network on my Kubuntu box to be a system connection
(MPX) Multi Pointer X on 10.04 and beyond?
Prevent Unity from auto-maximizing
How to merge the cells in openoffice?
Skype 2.2.0.25 keeps switching off
Don't lock the computer when I press sleep
How to convert floating point value into decimal value in open office?
How to setup a Wireless Access-Point using my laptops WiFi card?
How can i share the host Ubuntu machine desktop to guest Windows machine
Possible to have 2 unity launchers?
Show Desktop Ctrl-Alt-D stopped working for Firefox only. Why? How to fix?
Access to my files on Android
What do I need to have GUI to auto detect & connect to Wireless Network
How to get device ID
XKB error on a MacBook Pro 4.1 causes keyboard problems
How to copy one file to multiple filenames?
How can I upload songs into Google Music on Ubuntu?
How to install Adium theme for Pidgin?
VLC sometimes mutes sound and the image freezes
Device id in ubuntu
How to extract files to another directory using 'tar' command?
VPN PPTP connection fails
How to scan for analog cable channels on a DVB-T USB tuner?
Unexpected Logout caused by Xorg Segmentation fault
How should I specify command-line arguments for MongoDB?
How to run a program for a fixed period of time?
Gnome3 shows old icons for Network Manager
How do I set the resolution on a Dell Mini 1010 to it's native resolution?
Is Disk Utility reliable?
Stop Terminal to auto-put forward slash in front of $HOME
GCC headers on Ubuntu
How to install Ubuntu on Windows XP
"Can't find disk drive" during Ubuntu Karmic server install
Modify the number of entries in the list to choose from for bookmarking a site in Firefox
How to I do install DB2 ODBC?
IPv6-enabled bridging without IPv6 addresses on the interfaces
Why LibreOffice 3.4 rc 1 missing a shared library that is present on the system?
How to check which SMTP client I have installed?
How can I modify the Live CD to start into a live session ("try ubuntu") directly?
How do I install the Gnome Do plugin for Banshee?
About polkit-agent-helper (or polkit)
How to change screen resolution of Thinkpad x300?
Is there a list of wireless adapters that work on Ubuntu with no hassle?
Ubuntu One Music Playlist doesn't work
Ubuntu on MacBook Pro
Broadcom STA Wireless Driver Fails to install
How to restore deleted panel on desktop
Recommended partitioning scheme considering upgrades, dual/triple booting, multi-distro, and software settings
How to put an animation sprite on the desktop?
I'm unable to play song from musicindiaonline.com in 64bit ver
Why is SysRq doc not where specified by `man vlock`?
Will my Logitech 9000 Pro webcam (still) work with Ubuntu?
How to troubleshoot why I cannot connect to Samba Server
What is this executable /usr/bin/bsd-mailx?
My drivers are in the archive manager how do I move it to a place that the video card will reconize it
What is "GFI WebMonitor Secure Download"? and how to disable it?
How do I add a specific time-server?
Installing on VirtualBox from a Bootable CD
Troubleshooting a sudden shutdown
SB X-Fi Surround 5.1 USB on Lubuntu
How do I install aclocal?
Don't allow users to change background image and desktop icons?
Where is the PowerPC version of 11.04?
Massive graphical corruption when playing videos
Alternatives to TrueCrypt
Need new feature when browsing installed apps
Show information on selected apps when browsing installed apps
Why is the hard disk drive too hot?
Is there an image of Ubuntu + Gnome3 available?
Should I symlink my /var/www directory to my home?
How put a Lotus Notes in Dash?
How to install Ktorrent 4.1.1?
How to enhance the transparency of the Unity 3D launcher?
How to navigate long commands faster?
Why does the Messaging Indicator display 3 instances of Inbox?
Change keybinding to show Unity Sidebar
How to make my Ubuntu show on a Windows Workgroup
How to keep an external hard drive spinning?
Chrome keeps opening maximized
Is there a way to get the Unity title bar behavior and NOTHING ELSE?
How do I clean up my dconf database?
Window focus confusion in unity
I cannot install Java. It locks
Tar Error: implausibly old time stamp 1970-01-01 00:00:00
Disabling Zeitgeist
Unity stopped working after zeitgeist uninstall
Concatenating AVI videos
Is it possible to change Unity Panel fonts or font size?
Intermittent (each startup) Wi-Fi with an Edimax EW-7318USg
Accidentally deleted Ambiance theme
I want to move drivers out of my archive manager/file roller
Weather Indicator not showing icons?
Where is VirtualBox shared folders mounted in a virtual guest?
What are the default permissions for the /sbin/ directory?
Can I get the unity bar to not hide?
Where to get Dell Inspiron 1545 drivers for the Dell 1397 wlan minicard wireless card?
How to export X Display with Audio?
How to mount partition permanently?
Missing python.h when trying to install Apache Thrift
Getting Ubuntu Minimal + LXDE to automount USB drives
Very High CPU usage (100%) from just browsing the Web
How to resume the upgrade of package downloads (10.04 -> 10.10)
Is ATI working on Unity 3D?
What TweetDeck, or Gwibber alternatives are there that support Facebook?
How do I hide the Unity Launcher when Clementine is running?
Any file executed once when system starts up
Skype aborted when starting
How to convert .avi video to .mp4(for Motorola Milestone, Android 2.3.4) with Avidemux
Differences between first (initial) user and other users?
Adding Eclipse CDT to an existing Eclipse JDT installation
Differences between Bonjour/Avahi/People-Nearby protocols
Users and Groups Administration tool - What do the options in User Privileges tab of Advanced Settings do?
How do i back up my PGP key
Ubuntu minimal install ISO with LUKS support?
How do I search a particular directory with tracker-search-tool
Does flash 10.3 support hardware acceleration?
How to really customize an "ubuntu-11.04-alternate-amd64.iso" image?
Is it possible to skip releases during an upgrade?
Removing 'Applications' from Unity launcher while still accessing it using shortcut
Turning off power to Nvidia Graphics Card
Upgrade Jaunty Jackalope
Is it possible to force the Unity launcher to hide? Or to toggle hide/unhide with a keyboard shortcut?
"fastestmirror" like plugin for Ubuntu?
stdin: error 0 - what does it mean?
SSH connection problem with "Host key verification failed..." error
Cannot get to Grub after addition of new Win7 drive and install of 11.04
How do I change from Clone to Xinerama mode in Kubuntu?
Partition problem on installation
Can I share my internet(lan) through Wifi(adhoc) connection via a laptop?
All browsers with one icon in the launcher!
Where can I find the SHA256 hashes of Ubuntu images?
Need software to track login and logoff timings
In GNOME 3 shell, in applications tab I cannot see any icon. How to get it?
Is there a way to left-click links in gnome-terminal or am I out of luck?
How to get a usable desktop on Ubuntu 11.04?
Unity Launcher shows two questionmarks when running PyMol
How to prevent an application from showing up in the Unity panel?
Kill modem-manager process
KVM: virt-install "Unsupported sound model 'ich6'"
Getting Apache to be able to write to a folder
HP DV6 2011 Brightness Keys Do Not Work
Why can't I run a program I manually installed in /opt/?
Check burned Ubuntu CD
Flickering with experimental driver on a Geforce 8200M 
Where do I find the default Ambiance theme?
Kupfer problem focusing when started
Accessing IE only sites
Installed Ubuntu and it corrupted my Windows partition, how do I get the data back?
How can I stop a terminal connection from timing out
Have to manually launch unity after upgrade
How to turn my Dell Mini 10v to become a WiFi hot spot?
How can the Unity toolbar at the left be moved to the bottom & auto-hide activated?
Command line ifconfig problems - Not detecting all NICs
Playing music or movies kills my WiFi
Select specific Twitter in Gwibber without seeing the rest i follow
CD Metadata: Finding and contributing
Compiz not showing complete windows
Problem installing Lubuntu 11.04
XChat disappearing after minimize to tray
Fully automatic updates in Kubuntu
How to configure a LAN connection between two Ubuntu machines?
Ubuntu account keeps quiting
I have a windows app which requires .NET 3.5. Can wine handle .NET 3.5?
How to make quicklist for VLC Media Player with playback controls
Network Manager 0.8.999 and Ubuntu One
Simpler ALT-TAB in Unity
Whenever I use ALT-TAB, Firefox display freezes
Is it possible to read/write software reviews in different languages?
Ati cards need mesa 7.11. Where can i find it
Can anyone recommend a good VLC alternative?
Can Compiz prevent overlap with a specific application window?
Which usb_modeswitch.d file do I need to use?
Ubuntu Software Center reviews in own language
Is there any chat client which works behind authenticated proxy server?
How do I configure Ubuntu 11.04 and Windows 7 network?
No Ethernet after hibernation
Graphical random generator
Why does a search-thingy appear on startup all of a sudden?
Which should I recommend, 10.04 vs 11.04?
Bluetooth doesn't start up properly when I start up
Some Menus look incorrect
Unable to kill process with 'kill -9' whose PPID=1 and using 100% of CPU?
Why are the manually added notification icons don't hide when using workspace switcher?
How do I set a "custom" browser as default in Preferred Applications
Music player that plays Youtube playlists
How can I rebrand Ubuntu Software Center
Firefox 4.0.1 is hanging when streaming movies
Terminator command history
Issues when upgrading gnome-session
The development at Getting things GNOME is continuing?
Unity 2D on 10.04?
Kubuntu flash fullscreen glitches
Did Ubuntu move from installing an MTA by default to not installing an MTA by default?
"Caps Lock on" message is shown for too long. How can I make it disappear sooner?
Splash screen doesn't show on boot
How to find out what codec is being used in a video
Which desktop package am I actually using?
Virtual Terminals messed up with proprietary NVidia graphics driver
How do I create a restore disk?
Multipath only sees 2.0T of 4.8T
Lenovo Thinkpad R500 having problems resuming
How do I remove Dolphin and all of its dependencies?
How can I Push/Stream media to my Ubuntu box from a DNLA device
Can't restore Firefox bookmarks from JSON backup
Notify PCM Volume change instead of Master?
Data visualization tools?
How many paid Ubuntu developers are there?
Clicking font selector in portable Photoshop CS4 in 11.04 causes force quit?
Missing date & time applet from top Unity panel
Where can I find information or description of the boot up process?
Some applications use "archaic" character instead of modern Japanese one
Unity with GeForce FX 5200
Nautilus Open in Remote Terminal
Anacron mailing weird errors
How can I do these things in Unity?
How can I know if nvidia vdpau is working for mplayer/vlc/totem?
HP probook 4520s .. drivers problem
Audio not working Macbook Air 3,2 Nvidia MCP89
Is it possible to disable a CPU (not a core)?
How do I perform a command line install when the alternate cd boots to EFI and Grub2
How to login into a machine via putty using a script?
How to add a MIME type with a project created in Quickly?
Connected to WPA-secured network, but no internet
Boot time over 20 minutes on a virtual server
How to copy/paste text without formatting by default?
Meaning of "netinet" in socket programming
System monitor (panel) shows the wrong amount of used ram
Server Partitioner Hangs at 43%
Compiz config won't start
Firefox 4.0.1 crash intermittently and log out
How can I sort packages by ratings / downloads in Ubuntu Software Centre?
"Disk quota exceeded" error
Latest kernel version crashes on boot. How to investigate?
How can i remove gnome-settings-daemon from indicators applications?
Problems with nvidia drivers on Dell XPS
Combine 2 or more mov/avi files side-by-side?
flickr.com & imagekind.com crashing my browser and effects?
How to remove corrupted repositories?
Are there any PPAs or debs for Postler and Dexter?
Moving/Copying file in Ubuntu One folders triggers re-upload
How do I find a string (and some lines before and after) in a huge file by terminal?
How do I run fckeditor?
How to set serial ports uart to none for lirc?
Problem with Update Manager
How do I get my google contact's birthdays to show up in evolution calendar?
nautilus-clutterflow only works in "sudo-mode"
Is it now safe to install/uninstall GNOME 3 from the ppa?
Will the TP-Link TL-WR941ND wireless router work with Ubuntu 11.04?
How to measure performance of a web browser?
Resolution stuck at 1024x768
Danger of overlay scrollbar in Natty
Require button press to open Unity launcher to resolve usability issues
Ping tester equivalent software in ubuntu
Is there a color scheme generator for the Desktop that can simulate color blindness?
Which keyboard layout do I choose on installation
How can I reduce the Ubuntu install size to the minimum, with GUI?
How to use a proprietary driver
DVB-T sound in VLC is jittering
gnome-terminal tabs are very dark, difficult to tell which tab is in use
How to map a network drive?
How can I simulate a right-click in Kubuntu 10.10 when using a touchscreen?
