What would happen if a rogue planet hit one of the planets in our Solar System?
Acceleration in Galaxies Collision
How do rogue planets orbit around stars in other planetary systems?
Why can't this be the simple (and obvious) explanation for the dimming of KIC 8462852?
When the sun explodes, will some of the planets in the Solar System survive and become rogue planets?
How massive does a main sequence star need to be to go type 1 supernova?
Is a supernova's core temperature absolute zero just before collapse?
Is there a database for stars?
Uncertainty in the FWHM (IRAF)
What is meant by matter distribution?
Could an asteroid knock the moon out of its orbit?
Annual path polar chart for a star
clarification of the Kozai mechanism
Recommendation for learning about stellar astrophysics
Subterranean Oceans On Other Planets/Planetoids: How Do Astronomers Deduce This
White dwarf's impact on orbiting bodies
Which stars have been named after astronomers?
What is the temperature on surface of Pluto facing Sun?
Does more ocean on an Earth analog produce a different rotation period?
Is axial tilt critical for life?
Inclination in Kepler's laws
What is the minimum distance from city that allow to see Milky Way plane?
Volcano activity on moon
Brown Dwarf transcending past the sun with the naked eye
How do we know that light is redshifted/blueshifted and not the original light of a star/galaxy?
How long does an over contact binary star system last?
How did Mars come to have a 24 hour 39 minute day?
Do orbital resonances always form naturally?
Formation and capture of Mars' moons, Phobos and Deimos
Strength of gravity during the big bang?
Planet-timer "device" from 1970s or 1980s possibly by Edmund Scientific
Are meteors and meteorites considered "Small Solar System Bodies"?
What is in the brightest area of the night sky?
Why does the moon appear on cloudy night sky?
Do the terrestrial planets form later than gas giants in our solar system?
nasaworking on a way to travel faster than speed of light
How does one find the extinction coefficient of a particular galaxy?
Why does the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram's x-axis go from large temperatures to lower?
What will happen if a black hole appears near our solar system?
A universal reference point
Illusion of a lunar eclipse
Is Jupiter just a super earth with hydrogen atmosphere?
Do boulders erode differently on asteroids than on the Moon?
Best approximation for Sun's trajectory around galactic center?
How to determine atomic number density of an element in a star based on equivalent width measurements
How to disentangle a very distant star's relative velocity vs. redshift distance
Is there any difference between rotation axis 90 degrees and 270 degrees?
Beamsize in radio/microwave observations
How gravity works in a black hole?
What makes small interferometers useful? Like NIRISS on JWST
Acquirable Raw Data in Amateur Astrophotography
Linear limb darkening coefficient, u
Which are the best American universities/colleges for observational astronomy?
How long New Horizons will remain operational?
What does oxygen on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko mean?
What is a dead comet?
Astrophysical "unitised" version of the Gravitational constant
I can't find Rigel on Tycho 2 catalogue
Where can I look up the 3D positions of the closest stars?
Is this a wet moon?
Is there a ninth planet?
How do scientists name space objects?
Where are we in an approximate timeline of the possibly habitable universe?
Conversion between Astronomical Frames, ex. IRCF, FK5, FK4, etc…
Was that actually a shooting star during the supermoon eclipse on September 27th 2015?
Linear extent of an accretion disk
What happens to oxygen produced on the Sun (or other stars)?
Are there equal number of planets, stars, galaxies etc in observable universe spinning in both directions?
Is extraterrestrial mining more difficult or impractical for bodies without plate tectonics?
What are the implications if the Sun was formed in a warm nebula?
Math for calculating the terrestrial longitude directly under the sun with time
Are hot stars like O-type stars entirely composed of helium?
Does time slow down because the universe is expanding at an accelerating rate?
What are the stars/constellations a beginner/enthusiast can easily identify?
Does the Moon capture radiation pressure from the sun causing momentum from photon propulsion?
Gravitation - Pulling or Pushing force?
What parameters determine whether galaxies colliding will result in a merger or a hit and run?
How to use spectral profiles to determine luminosity class?
Is a black hole a perfect sphere?
Why does gravity increase in star formation?
Astronomical telescope making
Could the Earth use gravitational lensing / bending of light to see it's own bottom?
What is the color of Venus if it has no atmosphere?
Why does a mirror bent 'like a potato chip' allow space telescopes to be smaller and have a wider field of view?
Do sungrazing comets leave a field of meteoroids near the Sun?
Gravitational red shift vs Doppler redshift: Is the universe really expanding?
What exactly is a stellar association?
TIME TRAVEL-Can it be really done?
Does all of time exist and if so where is it?
Estimates of exoplanets distribution consistent with current data
could dark energy be a force coming from the hyperspace outside the universe?
Can we compress any object to create black Holes?
What would be the maximum theoretically possible angular resolution?
Why is the Color scheme of natural satellites in our solar system based of light shades of grey?
Is there a photo that shows a iron meteor or asteroid in space in raw form having no layers of fusion crust?
How can the observable universe be so small if there are so many stars in it?
What is the share of stars in total radiation input of Earth?
Are objects in the universe moving away from each other at the same acceleration?
How do we know that our galaxy is a spiral galaxy?
How bright can white dwarf stars glow as they accrue matter?
Visibility of human activity on the moon
Is a black hole heavier than the star from which it was created?
Can a gas moon exist?
Notable differences if all stars would disappear except the Sun
Does the Sun orbit the Milky way in a (kind of) flat or inclined orbit or more of a sine wave?
What is Color Index?
Is it plausible that Mars could have been one of Jupiter's natural satellites at one time?
Can we have a second moon?
Equation to find distance between objective and eyepiece
Is the size and heat of a star important in the development of a solar system?
Divide a star catalogue to optimize star search
Is Earth unique in its fairly clear atmosphere?
How do we know which elements are in a galaxy spectra?
Is there any hard evidence that rogue planets exist?
What are the best candidates for solar lensing of exoplanets, and what would the results be?
Conversion of magnitudes to Jansky and MAGPHYS?
How small a star can provide Sun-level illumination to its planets?
Orion Constellation request
Formation of a magnetosphere for gas giants / small stars
Age of Occator Crater
Could a star revolve around a planet?
Why does spectral class and U-V colour correlate slightly differently for main sequence, giant and supergiant stars?
Is there an upper limit to the mass of terrestrial planets?
If the Universe is infinite, would heat death be impossible?
Luminosity of black hole accretion disc
can we use connect a long pipe with space station and use vacuum for fuel transfer?
How can an infinite universe expand?
Diameter of Astronomical Object Using Magnification
What you would see in a wormhole?
Is the mechanism of solar flares on red dwarfs and brown dwarfs the same as that on the Sun?
How does the appearance of the analemma vary with latitude
Has the most luminous object in the universe been found?
Need help with the math in Python program to flag Jovian radio emissions
What's the difference between the apparent horizon and event horizon of a black hole?
Is time itself speeding up universally?
How can we focus radio telescopes on a star when the earth is spinning?
why hasn't Nasa gone back to our Moon?
Does this black hole magnetohydrodynamics equation even superficially make sense?
When was the term "orbit" (in the modern sense) first used and by whom?
Looking back in time by looking further away
Does the mass of the Earth change?
Does Dark Matter affect the motion of the Solar System?
Why does hydrogen ionization happen in HII regions?
How can I determine line luminosities from equivalent width measurements?
How were the orbits of planets first mapped out?
What would the cost be of visiting an asteroid?
How to calculate the mean molecular weight of the Sun
Why do spectroscopic binaries have approximate circular orbits?
If there are neutron stars, would most stars be considered "proton stars"?
If any object could become a black hole, could any object become a neutron star?
Gas halo of our Milky Way Galaxy
Venus transiting behind the Earth’s moon December 7, 2015
Ejected planets during the early stages of the formation of the Solar System
Plausible? Brown Dwarfs are rogue celestial bodies because they absorb all light due to their thick layer of matte black soot
How are the gaps filled in images captured by CCD arrays?
What was the largest telescope ever fitted with an eyepiece
Would a satellite in geosynchronous orbit between the earth and moon track across the sky together?
A star a black hole and planets around them
Calculation of hour angle
A black hole that doesn't take in matter?
Can an SMBH recycle dark matter into energy?
What is the scale of things you can see with gravitational lensing?
Software to convert RA and DEC into ALT and AZ
How (un)stable are the Lagrangian points 1, 2 and 3?
Are high-speed galactic collisions survivable?
Alignment of Semi-Major Axis of Orbits
Can we simulate Earth's gravity in space?
Can quantum entanglement cause nucleosynthesis to happen in stars?
Stellarium script star of bethlehem
How many stars are in the Sculptor Dwarf Galaxy?
Can a star orbit around multiple planets or a planet with massive moons?
Are we sure there are no planets inside Mercury's orbit?
Why do certain massive stars leave no remnants?
Ambiguity in Earth's "Tilt"
Rings around a smaller, close-in planet?
Simulate an orbit with orbital elements
What does an Einstein-De Sitter universe look like?
Name for 1-e and 1+e terms?
What is an "arc" spectrum ?
Why does Saturn have both moons and rings?
How do you estimate the error on the height/width of a Gaussian?
What is the composition of an asteroid in percentages?
What is the illuminance of Tau Ceti?
Why would the Earth's solar analemma would be still a figue eight even if Earth's orbit was circular?
When is it a good aproximation to consider a star to be an ideal gas?
Can the centripetal force be inverted?
The contents of potential "message" in the Wow! signal lost?
Oldest in the universe
Betelgeuse and sun classification
What's the relation between Einstein's Gravitational Theory and Dark Matter?
Is there any real evidence to prove or disprove the existence of alien civilizations?
Quasars and Gamma Ray Bursts
How to tell a pulsar is rotation-powered or accretion-powered?
Two black holes photo interpretation
How many planets have we discovered that can support human life?
What types of meteorites can I use for making a wedding ring?
Why don't the stars in a binary star system of equal masses always orbit their center of mass in a circular orbit?
In a binary star system, what relation determines the eccentricity of the three orbits (for $m_1$, $m_2$, and the reduced mass)?
What if Earth and Moon revolved around each other like Pluto and Charon?
Looking for an equation that describes how star (x,y,z) positions are affected by expanding universe
Formation of our Universe
Are we still going to have rainbows if Sun is replaced by another star?
Understanding gravity
Space Travel and length of time
How to cool down a moon?
Does gravity bend light, and how much time does it take for light to cross gravity of a Black Hole?
Does spacetime return to being flat?
Can earth escape sun's gravity with the help of a black hole heading towards our solar system?
How long does a sunrise or sunset take?
How to get the longitude of the perihelion to find the Heliocentric Equatorial coordinates of a planet
What earth organisms would survive if they arrived on Mars?
Earth-Centered Earth-Fixed coordinates with respect to heliocentric coordinate system at vernal equinox
Can dark matter decrease the Jeans length?
How is the first detonation in Supernove type Ia triggered?
What visible differences do Geminids have to other meteors
How many stars are in the constellation Canis Minor?
How loud would the Sun be?
trying to understand stellar nucleosynthesis
Why can't gravity repel things?
Can any stars ever form supermassive black holes?
How Would a Neutron Star Actually Appear?
Why is it always planets orbiting stars?
Do all planets rotate in the same direction in relation to each other?
At what rate are stars accelerating?
What exactly is 'eastward movement'
Get date and time by position of the sun and the observer position
Are there real uses of abstract algebra in astrophysics?
Why is there no time in the distance equation using Hubble constant, red shift and speed of light?
Temporal path through Hertzsprung-Russell diagram?
Do asteroids have a gravitational field?
Do the magnetic fields of stars and/or other planets reverse?
What is the difference between a neutron star and a white dwarf?
Do all planets have a molten core?
How quickly does a supernova heat up/expand?
Would all neutron stars inevitably collapse into black holes due to quantum tunneling?
If the Sun were bigger but colder, Earth would be hotter or colder?
Is Darkness Faster Than Light?
If the Sun got larger, but maintained its luminosity, would the Earth get hotter or colder?
Can planets have orbits other than elliptical or circular orbits?
Can a star have a ring system?
22nd is shortest day in some places, but the 21st is shortest in other places. Can this be true?
A beginner project in plotting celestial bodies in 3D coordinate space
Why do black holes choke?
Is the sphere of influence of our milky way's center super massive black hole same as the Milky way's radius?
Why does it make sense to say the universe has no centre?
Are moons geologically active?
Is this the Cancer constellation?
Has someone ever captured footage of the collision of a meteoroid and a meteoroid?
When did the Scutum constellation receive its current name?
Is there a way to estimate the age of M dwarf stars?
Theoretically, can a solar system evolve around lagrange points
How could we detect planets orbiting black holes?
Delta-v from Mercury surface to Venus surface
How long time since a typical asteroid collided with another asteroid?
Dating very old objects/events
How frequently does a comet drastically change its orbit in the Solar System (like 67P did in 1959)?
Are black holes expanding?
Are there accurate equinox and solstice predictions for the distant past?
Why do we believe that the super massive black holes at the centers of two merging galaxies would themselves merge?
Beginner telescope for my daughter
A camera and time dilation?
Gyrochronology?
What is the gravitational force felt on Earth from the other planets in our solar system?
Can a tidally locked planet have their own habitable zone?
humans leave Earth forever?
What would the apparent size of the four stars in the Capella system be from the L1 point between the first pair?
Why doesn't Jupiter increase the chances of an asteroid to strike the Earth?
Trying to understand the way Saturn's ring look in this famous Cassini image
Camera reaching the event horizon
Is the duration of a sidereal year stable?
Why aren't new stars in Earth's relative proximity constantly discovered?
Alignments of planets
How do we know that the Universe is still expanding now?
Center of the universe
What was James Bradley's calculation to calculate the speed of light?
Can angular information be known more precisely than the diffraction limit?
Conversion from Equatorial Coordinate to Horizon Coordinates
Accuracy of Laplace Method for determining orbital elements
Number of galaxies per redshift
Fusion of elements inside heavy stars
What is the temperature inside a Black Hole?
Is there any real chance of getting hit with a meteorite if we build a base on the moon?
What are the key coordinate systems used in Astronomy, and where are they used?
What constellations touch the 9-degree wide Zodiac?
Could a "burping" supermassive black hole be responsible for a spiral galaxy's look?
Why isn't everything yellow(ish)?
What part of the milky way do we see from earth?
Should this photo of the sun's surface actually be white?
How to calculate the temperature of a star
Question about space-time
When I read that a system is located x light years away, why is there no direction?
What happens when an Ultra Massive Black Hole cannibalize another?
Is solar wind a source of water?
From which exoplanets is our sun the brightest star on the night sky?
Have we ever observed a body, such as a large asteroid, "hitting" the Sun?
Do great spot like features favour appear in south hemisphere?
Absolute/apparent magnitude and distance for HIP31978 inconsistent?
Where does Jupiter's gravitational force come from? Why don't Jupiters gasses fly away?
Dust mass-loss rate from a massive star given a set of parameters?
How can we hear the sound of the Sun?
Calculating AZ and ALT from RA and DEC: values are slightly different from Stellarium
Is the Sun really a medium size star?
Is it possible for a virus to come from a meteorite?
How unusual is the solar system?
How do we know so much about the sun since we can't go near it?
Eclipse -- Solar and Lunar
What if we throw two solid objects parallel in space? Do those two objects have any chance to collide with each other?
Resources on planetary stability
Star Formation in the future
What is the frequency distribution for luminosity classes in the Milky Way Galaxy?
Do massive OB stars accrete mass the same way as the black holes they turn into do?
Why is it that we can"t feel how fast the Earth is moving?
What is the shape of the Sun's orbit around the Earth taking into account elliptical orbits?
Are we sure solar cycle is not related to the orbit of Jupiter?
What is the future of our universe?
Black holes and time relation
What do we mean by Sunrise and Sunset?
On the cosmological principle
Is there a single, most prominent helium line?
What is the centre of rotation of Pluto?
Reasoning questions on eclipses
Is atmospheric turbulence irrelevant for ExoPlanetary transits and radial velocity measurments?
Stability of orbital resonance
Obtaining stars vector position in relation to the center of the galaxy at a given date
Why do stars seem not to move relative to each other?
Behind a black hole
Sun as our Supergiant
What percentage of galaxies rotate with trailing arms?
What lies at the center of a neutron star if any?
About bias in sidereal time (used by astronomers)
Which moons have cold traps? (i.e. low ecliptic inclination in orbital and rotational axes)
Are there ever any simultaneous transits of both Mercury and Venus as seen from the Earth?
Second Big Bang
The relation of the lit side of the moon and the sun
What is the Maximum Speed that can be acheived Because of Acceleration Due to Gravity?
View from inside the black hole
Could the Earth be used to cast an arago/poisson spot on something
Closest point on Earth to a planet?
A phonecall inside a blackhole
If sun steals comets from other stars, then what is the primary source of comets?
How does time "add up" for observers outside of and travelers inside of a Krasnikov tube?
Why do proto stars on the Hayashi track get dimmer as they contract?
Formulae for gravitatitional equilibrium
Why do PMS stars on the Hayashi track remain at a constant temperature while they contract?
how to get image coordinates of source points in saoimage ds9?
How long should it take for us to observationally determine if Caltech's Planet Nine is really there?
We are sure that there are no brown dwarfs closer than ______
9th planet location?
Does the quantity of dark matter needed in the Milky Way to give the stars their speed compare with the speed of the Milky Way?
What does the surface of Mercury look like?
Identify this object
How would parallax affect an object at 200-1000 AU (for example, the 9th planet)?
How bright would the sun appear from the hypothetical Planet Nine proposed by Caltech?
Could the trajectories of non-periodic comets be used to infer properties of the 'ninth planet'?
What effect does a natural satellite have on a planet's rotation and revolution?
Number of stars & planets in Milky Way Galaxy?
How to watch at best this week's planet alignement?
Why there is no axis measurement when telling distance between objects in space ?
Is it odd that our Sun has so many planets?
Gravity assist: why is the velocity doubled?
What was that Asteroid/Comet in the 90s?
Does the sun itself present the problem of global warming is it the main cause?
How was the hypothetical ninth planet kicked so far out of the Solar System?
What wavelength to best detect the "9th planet"?
Ninth planet - what else could it be?
Redshift for gravitational waves?
What will eLISA be trying to observe?
Epsilon Eridani and Sadira
Why hasn't the "9th Planet" been detected already?
The big bang and our expanding universe
Could human life thrive on a planet in a pulsar star system?
How can the Kuiper belt coexist with the 9th planet?
What type of planetary-mass object would Planet Nine be?
Do planets migrate suddenly or gradually?
Could the KIC 8462852 (Alien megastructure star) be explained by orbiting gas clouds?
Why is it so difficult to discover the earth Trojan?
Why would discovering life on another planet be important/matter to us?
Are there good animations of the movement of proximate stars over long time periods?
Will a Ball placed close to Sun fall into it?
Has celestial navigation been materially impacted by the imperfect nature of celestial reference frames over time?
Identify this 2 axis motorized tripod
How did Batygin estimate when Planet Nine was ejected?
What good evidence exists for the 9th planet as spoken of by Caltech?
Planetary reference systems and time
Planets classification by density
Public Data Set on Atmospheric Absorbtion / Extinction
Oldest Reference to Astronomical Seeing
Does the Sun impose back it's tidal forces onto the Earth (such as the Earth's to the Moon)?
Why is Rosetta's Comet so "warm"?
How is the mass of solar system objects calculated?
Seconds of Arc and the Unaided Eye
Observing a point 13.82b ly away, 1b years ago
Are stars really "burning balls of gas"?
Would the existence of Planet Nine rule out the possibility of a sixth giant planet?
As viewed from Mars, what are Jupiter's and Saturn's maximum brightness in apparent magnitude?
Is Higgs Boson mass equal to the missing mass of dark matter?
Why does the planet Saturn have numerous (62) moons compared to the rest of the planets in the Solar System?
At what size do objects burn up in the atmosphere when falling from orbit?
Would I actually be able to see Ceres without shining a really bright torch onto it?
Are there any bright non-stellar objects which make up asterisms?
What is "emission measure"?
Terminology: Is there a name for the points on the surfaces of tidally locked parent/satellite bodies that always face each other?
Calculating longitude from star culmination
What are the prerequisites for a meteorite to reach the ground?
Which planets have abundant amounts of photoluminiscent matter?
Where's the Prime Meridian of celestial coordinates
Why don't storms on gas giants move to the poles, like hurricanes on Earth do?
Could Venus or Mercury have a moon that we haven't detected?
Why wasn't there any oxygen in the beginning of the Earth?
Is Ceres in the inner solar system or outer solar system?
How to read Babylonians' tablet that were used to track Jupiter's movements?
What is the distance of Earth from the 7 planets, moons and the Sun at a point of time?
Is there an objective difference between space expansion and reduction in speed of light
Best planets profile for a tattoo of the solar system
Where is the materials of comet after it crashed into the sun?
How to calculate when the moon is highest in the sky to the earthbound observer?
What Would it Look Like Inside Jupiter's Great Red Spot?
Lack of objects between heliopause and Oort cloud?
Good textbooks for a descriptive astronomy course
What accounts into calculating the Hubble constant?
Is the Earth going to evolve towards Mars' fate or Venus' fate?
Where can I find/visualize planets/stars/moons/etc positions?
Why argon instead of another noble gas?
Why are stars more metallic closer as you move closer to the galactic bulge?
Compared with similar stars, does the sun itself have properties that make life on Earth possible?
Why do planets tend to rotate in the same direction although they have formed from tumbling asteroids?
Red dwarf variation in Luminosity
How can a naked singularity be possible?
Is there sufficient evidence to confirm additional Planet in solar system
What is spacetime 'made' of?
Can "dark matter" be the additional mass from the speed of the Galactic Cluster?
What was "space" like before big bang?
How do we know the current state of the universe by observing it from Earth?
Does every object in the Universe have gravity? Space has no gravity, why?
Have any planets been discovered in Orion constellation?
Can a drastic change in a stars cycle cause harm or affect a nearby star system?
highspeed black holes or neutron stars on (almost) head-on collision course and kinetic energy
Why can we observe the Cosmic Microwave Background no matter the direction we look?
Is our supercluster part of a galaxy filament?
Is this Universe scenario correct?
How probably is it that galaxies will extinguish?
Is Planet Nine shepherding the Kuiper Belt?
what is gravitational force?
What happened just before the Big bang?
Since the Universe is expanding, is it accurate to say that a galaxy is 5 billion light years away?
How does an accreting black hole acquire magnetic fields?
Is their any clue where gravitons come from?
Why is it strange that outer stars in a galaxy are travelling with the same speed as inner while the total mass is also increasing?
Tools and algorithms for angles-only orbit estimation
How to see other celestial things using stars for direction?
Distance of a planet to the star?
Does earth's Umbra reach Sun-Earth L2?
Precision of geocentric gravitational constant
Is it ever possible that the graviation from the mass of kinetic rotational energy will overcome centrifugal force?
Orbital eccentricity variation of the other planets?
Large hadron collider
Eclipse in sun-synchronous orbits
Are there collected data about the direction of rotation of black holes and the direction of the magnetic field?
Are we so sure global warming is a result of humans burning fossil fuels?
What planet is better than earth to infer solar system configuration?
What would be the outcome for life in our galaxy if the merger of the Milky Way and Andromeda creates a Quasar?
Existence of gravitons?
Are any other planetary bodies warming up as well in the Solar System?
Can we determine where the north and south magnetic poles are on stars and black holes?
Are there any studies that prove/disprove the Oscillating Universe Theory?
Is there any support for the Big Crunch Theory? Could there have been a partial Big Crunch in the past?
What was the entity/particle/state at the time of the Big bang?
Is parallel universe possible
What conditions would lead to this event around the black hole in the Pictor A galaxy?
Why does mass naturally move closer toward's the center of other masses?
Determining distance from semi-major axis and eccentricity
Why do pre-main sequence stars show lithium in absorption?
How do star densities work?
What do gravitational waves allow us to understand?
Where do new stars get their hydrogen from?
Why do planets move in an elliptical orbit?
Why is it said that the far side of the moon's crust is thicker?
Is the colour of a wave from a far galaxy the same for us as for a galaxy which lies between?
What is driving the expansion of the Universe?
What Are Some Good Southern Hemisphere 7x50 Binocular Targets?
Multiple aerobraking
Bright lines in a continuum spectrum
Where can I watch the announcement from LIGO about gravitational waves?
The black hole binary that was detected by advanced LIGO - how do such hypergiant binaries form?
Is it possible to get a glimpse of the Big Bang through gravitation waves?
Why is the detection of gravitational waves such a "Big" deal?
How to compensate the effect of tectonic activity in devices like LIGO?
Measuring time and distance in space
Quantum Mechanics after the detection of Gravitational Waves
Can a black hole rip spacetime
Spinning black hole vs non spinning black hole
When stars explode why can we still see them?
Can black holes collide with the Sun? In that case what will happen?
Gravitational wave detection time difference between LIGO Livingston and LIGO Hanford
Relationship between absolute magnitude of a star and its luminosity?
Is the Earth Really Spinning? (honest question)
How the magnetic field and the rotation of the planets and the sun inside our planetry system are related
Why do Earth and moon move apart but binary black holes move closer?
Will we see gravitational waves from the big bang?
What caused gravitational waves detected by LIGO?
Why can we detect gravitational waves?
How to derive the redshift of GW150914?
What would happen if those gravitational waves were much stronger?
Have we seen a black hole?
What effect does the Moon have on the near Earth asteroid population?
Why when we look through a telescope in space, do the billions of stars not block our view from seeing further?
Why is there a difference between the cosmic event horizon and the age of the universe?
Does the event horizon of a black hole increase or decrease by adding mass?
SDSS ImgCutout webservice returns black image for dr12
Why can't different regions of the universe be the same as they have the same origin?
How to determine the ellipticity of galaxies in SDSS
Minimum Mass Solar Nebulae Scaling Factors
Reference for broader spectral lines?
How far should the source be, for the gravitation waves to be visible on Earth?
The effect of gravitational wave is like tidal forces?
Angular distance/apparent separation between AE Aurigae and Orion's belt
Problem with denoising the BICEP2 data?
Sundial (solar clock) in a binary star system
visualisation of galaxy density
Could gravity waves be used to confirm the existence of a ninth planet?
What did LIGO Actually See? (Gravitational waves discovery)
What methods exist to calculate the ellipticity of galaxies
Is phys.org/space-news reliable source?
Could a pair of binary black holes form within a star?
How did LIGO verify that the gravitational waves originated 1.3 billion years ago from two specific black hole collision?
How early/late is the human race as intelligent life in the universe/milkyway?
Is the flat curvature of the universe in the 5th dimension?
Frequency of gravitational wave detection
Do black hole singularities actually merge?
Create Position-Velocity diagram from a velocity field
Telescope optical tolerance from central axis
How fast can and do gravitational waves travel?
what is the percentage of stars with planetary systems?
Special Relativity as Applied to an Interstellar Starship?
Does LIGO have a blind spot?
Does natural satellite(s) of a planet affects its orbital velocity around a star?
Table of absolute magnitudes of stars by spectral type and photometric band
What is the formulat to compute King tracking rate for a given set of topocentric coordinates?
Earth's Versus Catastrophic Meteor
Are black holes really singularities?
Astronomy Olympiad Gravitation Qn
Where is the flaw in this hypothetical concept of escaping event horizon using another's blackhole flyby?
What is the current state of gravity in the vacuum of space?
Is there a variation of ISO 8601 for julian calendar dates?
How to figure out a moon phase for July 1937
Origin of the Universe
Could science be lost if a phenomena is observed before predicted?
When was visible light for the first time created?
Precession of the Equinox
Size of the Universe
Will gravitational waves too far away ever reach us?
When you travel fast around a black hole, do you experience high speed yourself?
How to configure Celestia to work with a spherical mirror projection on a dome
In what manner is the spectrum of a black body really a continuum?
Stellar data for data mining
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a 2-inch eyepiece versus a 1.25-inch eyepiece?
Description of Henyey tracks on wikipedia incorrect?
What happens to the information on the event horizons of two merging black holes?
SDSS. Google Sky and DeCaLs
What exactly is meant by "expanding universe"?
How often do meteorites hit the Earth?
How are the element abundances calculated for a meteorite in the Hydrogen log10 scale?
Rate of Mass Loss from the Solar Wind
How much of a difference do good lenses make?
What would harnessing of gravitational waves look like?
Why is this video showing radio waves transmitted from a radio telescope?
Distinction between metric expansion and objects just moving apart from each other?
Do massive bolide entries coincide with meteor showers?
How useful are filters for spotting nebulae?
What is the schedule for science runs of aLIGO (and VIRGO)?
Does the accelerating expansion of spacetime mean that the pace of time is changing?
Would Adaptive Optics be Useful in Radio Astronomy?
Physical laws in other universes
Would humans hear gravity waves from a binary BH fusion nearby?
Can visible wavelength spectroscopy study an exoplanet's chemical composition directly?
What are gravitational waves actually?
Does planets revolves around all the 88 constellations?
Oxygen in a methane atmosphere akin to methane in oxygen atmosphere?
Can there be life in black hole?
Is it safe to watch solar eclipse's reflection in water?
Is it practical to hand grind a convex parabolic or hyperbolic mirror?
Dish antenna as parabolic mirror for OPTICAL telescope?
Local Standard Time Meridian - LSTM (Units)
How can a supernova cause a gravitational wave?
Eclipse Cycle Calculations Needed
What planets and moons have we seeded with life (if any)?
What is the longest observable wavelength of light using an optical telescope?
Do star remnants actually burn?
When black holes such as those detected by LIGO merge, in what ways does the Schwarzschild Radius warp?
Would it be possible to equip an asteroid to collect space junk in Earth's orbit?
What are the dimensions of LIGO Detector evacuated chambers?
Fortran Fits writer/reader
Who gets to name Planet Nine if it is confirmed?
Blackhole Finding Techniques
What measures are currently in place to detect asteroids on possible collision courses with earth?
How does the concept of a universe with no center work?
How could we tell if the Universe is infinite?
What happens outside of the universe?
3000th Question: What does the future of astronomy look like with the next generation of telescopes?
Is it true that the sun goes down to the west?
Has THC been detected in space?
Power of the James Webb Space Telescope
What would the Sun be like if nuclear reactions could not proceed via quantum tunneling?
Discovery in Astronomy vs one in Physics - do they differ in required burden of evidence?
Regarding the age / size of the Universe
How do solar winds affect the atmospheric composition and density of planets?
Color of planets
Infrared Region Telescopes
K-Pg asteroid impact
How do we know galaxy GN-z11 is as far away as it is?
Is dark matter influenced by gravity of baryonic matter?
Moon SHAPE calculator
Why do comets appear to have a continuous supply of dust?
Why do we need the "mean" in mean free path?
How to calculate B-V colour index value percentage difference
Which of Jupiter's moons did I most likely see?
What star system/Galaxy did LIGO observe the gravity wave?
Telescope choice
Notifier about visible ISS passes and/or Iridium flares for Ubuntu PC
How can we tell that the sun is moving with theories such as the theory of relativity?
Why aren't planet orbits circular?
Why doesn't the moon twinkle?
Given a collection of pixels, how to deduce the flux from them?
Could dark matter assist with star formation?
Is there a limit to the size of a black hole?
Celestial impacts
Can life survive on the equator of cooled and fast rotating white dwarf or neutron star?
Why can't moon light (reflected sun light) turn the sky blue?
How to find maximum and minimum right acsension and declination based on the telescope's location?
Infrared Astronomy for non transiting objects?
3D array in FITS data
How is mass curving spacetime?
Are there any hot jupiters orbiting red dwarfs?
Open access table of visible stars with magnitude, coordinates, and possibly color?
Gravitational Waves and the Big bang
Why are there so many seemingly blue-shifted galaxies in deep space
Why are black holes that massive?
How far into the future can we go by traveling close to a black hole?
The moon: how to determine its size, speed and distance from earth using a simple telescope?
When Phobos collides with mars (or breaks up), will it have any noticeable effects on Earth?
How can a low-mass star increase its mass to 1.4 Msun?
Equation of the Center constant factor
How does gravity really work
Does conservation of energy make black holes impossible?
Create a signal to noise map from heatmap
Why is space and time spoken of as one thing
Can we find rocks from Venus or Mercury on Earth?
Transform pixel coordinates (in FITS file) to equatorial
What is the distribution of organic compounds in the Milky Way Galaxy?
Measuring star distance by parallax using a small telescope
What's the proper terminology for nebula clouds?
Obtain tangent point (origin) of the Standard Coordinates system
How could a neutron star collapse into a black hole?
What are the 10 most abundant elements in the universe by number of atomic nuclei?
Are all the photos of the universe really so colorful or is it just visual effects that are added later?
Light that travels eternally because of inflation?
How does gravity affect spacetime
How to determine the mass of a runaway star?
Does Pi change when gravity changes
Why does the eclipse in this video look annular?
Pyramid shaped observatories
Why is the universe full of spinning objects?
State vectors of "interesting" multiple stars
Approximate distance from Earth to Mars at a given moment with reasonable (+/-100km) accuracy?
Can we apply Kepler's law of planetary motion to the moons motion around the earth?
Declination change due to precession
Is there a strict chronological order that determines the shape of galaxies?
Cluster of fast moving stars
Is it possible to know if a planet is located in the Habitable Zone knowing it's properties?
Is there a map of the galaxies?
Could the sun burn a human floating next to it?
How does dark matter interact with black holes?
How big do comets get?
Photon Paradox?
Parabolic or hyperbolic trajectories
How Soon Could a Waxing Crescent Moon Be Seen?
Sun like star in our milkyway?
Is the Drake equation based on a logical fallacy?
Why is declination positive in the northern hemisphere?
Solar / lunar positions in ECEF using SOFA C libraries
Can a human land on Mercury?
Why are planets round?
Would being ejected from the Milky Way Galaxy have any major impact on life on Earth?
Which Planet/Star is it?
Is the motion of the Sun around the Galaxy a result of gravitational pull?
Initially non-flat space-time makes dark matter obsolete$\dots$
If a star were to suddenly lose nearly all of its stored heat, would it be able to return to its normal state?
Could the Sun's bending of light be measured on photographic plates before Einstein's prediction?
What explains the distribution of new impact craters on Mars?
Are Wikipedia's sun ecliptic-coordinate formulae accurate?
Calculating Right Ascension and Declination from Latitude / Longitude / Time
Why Milky Way and Andromeda are being drawn together if there was 'Big Bang'?
At the moment of total solar eclipse what are exact distances of Moon & Sun to the Earth
Dark matter inertial mass
Did I see another planet?
How do I modify redshifts to gain corrected line of sight velocities?
Gravitational field released during supernovae
Why are radar images of comets shaded only on one side?
Are there any galaxies which fell out of sight horizon due to cosmic expansion?
Photodetector Question: Does converting an RGB image to grayscale produce the same result as using a grayscale image detector?
Magnitude, satellite flare and the Heavens Above app
How do we know background radiation does not come from undiscovered galaxies?
Simulates Orbit
Are there events in universe which we receive first from their neutrino's instead of their photons?
Could mirrors be replaced with CCDs?
How can cosmic inflation make an infinite universe homogeneous?
gravitational time dilation multiple sources
Stellar systems: what is the difference between virial, dynamical and thermodynamic equilibrium?
What would happen if we changed Earth's orbit?
What is it that distinguishes one atmospheric layer from another?
Is nucleosynthesis responsible for the expansion of the universe?
Has the Kepler data been examined for light curves due to phase changes of non-transitting hot Jupiters and other?
My supernovae question
Is it possible that Mercury was originally the moon of Venus after a giant impact?
What happens if two or three stars collide with each other?
What happens over time as a neutron star cools?
Protocol for establishing longitudinal meridians on other heavenly bodies
What is the definition of "deep space"?
Longitude of the Ecliptic
How does an absolute horizon form before the apparent horizon?
How the watches are showing perfect time?
Unknown moving objects
Could we verify the structure of a black hole by observing an orbiting object?
How was precision astrometry done before digital imaging?
Can we tell how fast bodies are moving away by measuring their frequency?
How to create synthetic test images of stars?
Two body orbit of equal masses
Which class of objects in Solar System carries more mass?
Can you see the stars when it is trickling?
Can dark matter be found in the shape of planets, galaxies etc.?
If "9 th planet" is ejected by Jupiter or Saturn, why does it have a very far perihelion?
If Venus had moon before and it fell back to Venus, why don't I see a unique, very big crater?
Explanation for the first spinning neutron star detected in the Andromeda galaxy?
Is the earth bombarded equally in all directions by neutrinos?
Would a Einstein–Rosen bridge change size and/or position in an expanding Universe?
How is it possible that the CMB approaches the earth from all directions?
Far side of the moon question
How do we know that there is no border at the end of "infinite" space?
Term for altitude of the sun?
If a white dwarf collides with a giant star, could it create a TZO?
What would be the apparent magnitude of Betelgeuse if it were as close to Earth as Sirius?
VLT interferometry vs E-ELT?
What makes the Moon and Venus shine?
The relation between the light of full moon and the distance between the sun and the earth
Can the expansion of spacetime be directly measured with laser interferometry (like GW can)
Is Io's orbit or rotation affected by its volcanism?
Retrograde motion of planets: reason and time?
Why do most meteors vanish just before hitting the ground?
Question on Equatorial and Galactic coordinate systems
How high does light pollution reach into the sky?
Need Simple equation for Rise, Transit, and Set time
How accurately can you tell the time using a photo of the stars?
Finding Mass of Star with only Luminosity
How can ionized emission line flux decrease as a function of increasing metallicity or abundance?
Ground Induced Currents on Mars
What decides the direction in which the accretion disk spins?
How can apparent magnitude be negative?
Why do linear velocity redshifts correspond to linear pixel shifts when the spectra are binned in constant log wavelength?
Why would astronomers want to eclipse the Sun?
Radio telescope targeting
Conceptual Doubt regarding the calculation of the Solar Constant
Estimating galactic dust extinction for medium band filters
Why is the Sun's brightness and radius increasing, but not its temperature?
In rocky planets,does fast rotation cause flatting or low flatting imply slow rotation?
Does the mass of a collapsing star change?
What are the conditions for an ionosphere to form?
What could be a star-like object that shines at daytime for few seconds? What's the probability to see it?
How do people derive ionized gas mass from optical emission lines in a galaxy spectrum?
What is the fifth moon-like object I saw around jupiter through my telescope?
How do i get focussed images with my T-adaptor and 6mm eyepeice?
Open source alternative for RegiStar (align, rotate, and combine images into single frame)
Coordinates reduction python
How do I see more than just points in the sky?
Triple stars with retrograde orbits
How long would it take to reach the edge of the reachable universe?
How do I see Deep Sky Objects in my telescope?
How to calculate a planet's apparent size when the planet is viewed from a moon in orbit around it?
How to form Copper from Calcium in a supernova explosion?
Question regarding the Milky Way when calculating galactic space velocities for galaxies
Do other stars have Oort clouds?
Cosmological redshift and comparing past galaxy sizes
Three-torus model of the universe
What Makes Stars Hot?
Were there any images of a transitary event of Jupiter or Saturn as imaged by a deep probe mission
Jupiter appearing odd through a 6" reflector
Is it possible that Titan is a kuiper object captured by Saturn?
Why do the gas giants in the Solar System have comparatively large orbits compared to the inner planets?
What is the last nuclear reaction in a binary system before supernova?
Locations of farthest matter
Are we center of universe?
What does "EW(Hα)" mean?
What is the volume of the universe?
Tunnel vision while viewing through a reflector
Seeing a galaxy (quasar) greater than 46.6 billion light years away
Can you see city lights on the Moon from Earth?
Could there be a brown dwarf in our solar system?
Watching the Mercury transit with improvised devices
Evidence of CMB redshift
A good place to start?
Are there any electrons inside the sun / a star?
Why are certain elements so common?
Why does shell fusion produce more energy than core fusion?
Calculate right ascension in Zenith at this moment in my location
V838 Monocerotis "light-echo" images morphed into nice video, but why so few original images?
Pinhole projector for the Transit of Mercury
Is a planetary system star's referred to as their sun?
Why does Titan have lower surface gravity than the Moon when Titan is more massive?
How big will Apophis appear?
Does this video catch an Eta Aquarid - Earth skimming meteor?
What is the equation of state for a relativistic fluid/gas?
Can I use an array of inexpensive cameras as an alternative to a telescope?
Pinhole Projector: Can I use a specific solar optical eye piece to focus the Transit of Mercury?
What does the Sun's orbit within the Solar System look like?
Is there Kuiper belt/Oort cloud like structure in gas giants?
How much time does the ISS take to repeat its orbit?
Stellar mass limits for Neutron Star and Black Holes
Plot an AltAz grid over a square grid of RADec points
Polar satellites for Global Navigation Systems
How much competition there is for jobs in astronomy compared to other fields of science?
Why do meteorites explode?
Are larger stars rounder?
Magnification of a telescope
Does earth have retrograde motion?
Could gravity be the 4th dimension?
Birthday of the Universe
What does this information about "upper limit column densities" and "upper limit relative abundances" mean?
What would the night sky look like if the Milky Way were the only galaxy in the universe?
Why does the Chandrasekhar limit affect white dwarfs differently?
Binary Star question
Does the sun now 'bypass" some of the original zodiac constellations?
Why dust is optically thin in Far Infrared wavelengths?
How to interpret extreme ultraviolet/ x-ray data in the literature?
Simple Question about Constellation
Why can't neutron stars ignite and explode?
Why do post main sequence stars enter the red giants branch?
What is the first recorded reference to the Moon being a satellite of the Earth?
How to calculate the pixel size and beam size of an image?
Why Free-Free emission is regarded as Thermal emission?
When was the nearest star discovered?
Solar Elevation Angles -- Anomaly?
Why weren't the Hubble light-echo images of V838 Monocerotis supplemented by ground telescopes?
Was NASA's moon mission completely fake?
Is it possible for the Sun and the Moon to crash into each other?
Are we made of stars we're seeing?
Why aren't ground-based observatories using adaptive optics for visible wavelengths?
Calculating Orbital Period
Chemical reactions in white dwarf and carbon allotropes
Metalicity and age of bulge stars vs halo
What visible star is closest to the ecliptic?
How far does the moon move relative to the sun during a solar eclipse
Would a telescope that uses Fresnel lenses be more practical than using regular lenses?
Intuitive explanation for why the universe is flat
Do all the stars visible to the naked eye belong to Milky Way?
Why aren't all planets in the same plane?
LLR & Orbital Motion
Redshift to calculate age of stars
What would the night sky look like if the interstellar medium didn't exist to absorb or block light?
Why was the size of the solar system not defined by Mercury Transits?
Likelihood of extra planets in systems identified by Kepler?
How can we explain high redshift numbers?
How many stars are there in a Globular Cluster of 10^5 solar masses?
Topography / elevation data of Mars
Are there radio white dwarfs?
Why did Mercury not appear to transit through the middle of the sun?
Moving-Cluster method for determination of the distance of Hyades. A starter problem
Do stars tend to fuse all hydrogen even when the mass is small?
Tripod mount missing!
UTC to UT1 time corrections
DUT time offsets to UTC
How come the northern and southern lights are the same?
How to make a telescope for viewing planets, moon and DSOs using a convex lens of aperture 100 mm and focal length 200 mm and other lenses at home?
At what depth on Mars would the atmosphere have equal pressure of that on Earth?
Why aren't people going to The Moon any more?
What is the temperature 55 km beneath the surface of Mars?
Population of excited H levels in a Strömgren Sphere
Mass limit of planetary ring
In a finite universe, what happens when light reaches the boundary?
Is there any proof of space being created?
Why is the Sun's density less than the inner planets?
Does weight influence Earth's spin?
Why 2007 OR₁₀ is not a dwarf Planet yet?
What is the effect of the axial precession on the orientation of the planet's orbits?
What is the most dense object in the universe?
Can we measure/detect GR light bending during solar eclipse using ordinary equipment?
The observation of changes barycenter of the solar system
Has Science observed and recorded a stars birth?
How does large body gravity affect planet formation?
What is meant by ionization states?
Is the Earth-Sun distance 1.012 AU?
What would happen to a gas planet if its core mass goes beyond the Chandrasekhar limit?
How long can you be trapped orbiting around a black hole for?
Solar Pressure and Gravity
How bad could we reasonably expect a solar flare to impact earth, and what can be done to mitigate the impact?
Can young surface of Venus be caused by early oceans instead of global resurface event?
Direction Names Within a Galaxy
Cosmic events as standard candles
How to interprete function value of get_sun in astropy
Is the Sun slightly blue in the center? - Wavelength-dependent limb darkening of the Sun
Adverse effects of urban growth on old astronomy observatories? Need article/book
Appearance of the Cresent
Astronomy Calculations Tool
Which is the largest planet ever observed?
Is it possible for the year to have 11 full moons (i.e. the opposite of a blue moon)
How much heat emanates from the planets after formation?
How many planets does Omicron Persei have?
Planetary orbital resonances
How ready are we to deal with a asteroid/comet/giant-meteor on a collision course with Earth?
In 31.5kyr, Epsilon Eridani and Luyten 726-8 will be < 1ly close; but how distant from the Solar system?
Calculating the Diameter of Jupiter through Image
How can neutron stars have gaseous atmospheres?
How can white dwarf form Oxygen ? (Temperature problem)
What's the name for [the other kind of planet] in a binary star system?
Communicating with distant planet with life possibility
Difference in energy released in stellar mass black hole merger and supermassive black hole merger
What is a quaternary mirror and why does the E-ELT need one?
Will the E-ELT use Adaptive Optics at visible wavelengths?
Converting ecliptical to equatorial coordinates
Calculating azimuth from equatorial coordinates
"Supernova" is the explosion or the resulting celestial body? Is it incorrect to call the explosion "supernova"?
LIGO gravitational wave chirp signal frequency
How large could gravitational waves get and what effect could they have on us?
R.A. and DEC. for Constellation area vertices
Which stars do I have to use to join with a line to draw constellation?
Why do we use FITS format for scientific images especially in astronomy? How is it different from formats such as JPEG, PNG etc?
Warm and Hot dark matter density profiles
Could the 9th planet be virtual?
Does the dust around SMBH's protect habitable planets from jets?
How do astronomers detect gases that are in the atmosphere of exoplanets?
Can I leave a planet without achieving escape velocity?
Why is the core of a gas giant supported by electron degeneracy pressure instead of nuclear fusion?
Can a comet orbit a planet?
What does the filter name I+z' mean
What would happen if an astronaut orbiting Earth was exposed to radiation?
Is it possible to have a star orbiting around a brown dwarf?
How do I prevent or reduce shake when observing with binoculars?
How large (that is, radius) could a planet be?
Which elements are an indication of habitable exoplanets?
Are there any common characteristics of habitable planets?
Was time different before the great inflation?
How could universe inflate itself out of the very dense and curved early spacetime? Could it happen in a black hole too?
How cold is interstellar space?
SDSS Image FITS files have negative values. What do these negative values mean?
Is the material that could have formed a "Super-earth" divided among the four terrestrial planets
Can a meteor shower happen simultaneously all around the planet?
What causes celestial bodies to move like they do from Earth's surface?
If the universe keeps expanding, can we travel to the edge of the universe?
Why don't we see more supernovae in our galaxy?
Why is there a gap in this image of supernova discoveries?
Was the radiant of the Perseid meteor shower ever near Vega thousands of years ago?
Why does lithium fuse at lower temperatures than hydrogen?
What exactly is this VLA radio image of Jupiter showing?
How long do hot X-ray sources last?
Question related to Sun rise and Sun set times
Why can't our Sun be a binary with Jupiter as a T or Y dwarf?
Capability of observing transits with terrestrial telescopes of various sizes?
Boötes Void numbers, 2016
How did the Earth come to be in orbit around the sun?
What's the distinction between "planetary formation mechanisms" and "gravitational collapse"?
What are the possible solutions to the Red Supergiant problem?
Pointing direction movement of a fixed camera
Confirm: We can only notice planets if their orbit passes in front of their star and our view
Is there a name for the maximum in local solar elevation angle?
Books describing first-hand experience of astrophysicists finding planets without skipping actual maths
Can a star eject a liquid or a gas that has not been ionized?
What other “planetary formation mechanisms” exist beyond “gravitational collapse”?
Theoretically could the expansion of the universe affect acceleration due to gravity?
Could asteroid mining affect gravitational balance?
Does the summit of a small mountain offer better seeing?
What is 'Dark Fluid'?
Would the (orbitting) speed of the Earth change if suddenly the sun disappear and the Earth is thrown into space?
What is the magnitude of variation of Earth's orbital inclination?
What kinds of stars would it be possible to observe in M31 with a small amateur telescope?
Definition of stellar core?
Milky Way mass fraction breakdown review
Are there currently observed systems of close (narrow) binary brown dwarfs?
Higgs Bosons in the centre of Black holes or extremely large stars
Oscillation in tilt of the solar system
Conventional matter to dark matter ratio, outside of galaxies
Is our central black hole actually at the CG of the galaxy?
Is there a limit to how hot an object an get?
Luminosity L(t) for a homologously contracting star
How to show that the Jeans Criterion for Mass, Radius and Density are equivalent?
Does Triton trigger the active atmosphere of Neptune?
What is the Age Difference Between Earth & Jupiter?
What is the speed of time?
Can a gas giant be hollow?
What is the cut-off point of $\frac{\mathrm{d}F}{\mathrm{d}r}$ beyond which no tidal locking will occur?
Is time taken into account by astronomers when creating and using maps of the universe?
A quick (elementary) check on arsecond conversion to sky distance in parsecs
What is the highest granularity focal-plane array on a dish radio telescope? Or is this the ONLY ONE?
How did single dish (or single receiver) radio telescopes originally generate images?
Have any co-orbital exoplanet pairs been discovered (and not subsequently retracted)?
What is a radio "homology telescope" and is the 500m dish in China one?
Data Analysis: Image Sharpening through Posterisation
Is Earth slowing down in order to stay on its orbital track?
If the planets only attract, then how can they stay in their orbit?
Is it possible for a moon to continuously have a side facing its star whilst orbiting a planet?
Which astronomical objects do we have images of, taken at ground level?
Techniques for locating origin of gravitational waves
why was the probability of one in 10 billion per planet considered highly pessimistic by a recent study on aliens?
"Extinct Species" of meteorite - how quantitative is the statistical analysis?
How do I reduce planetary photometry to standard viewing geometry using phase angle?
How do I apply a velocity shift to a wavelength array with uniform logarithmic spacing?
Can a rogue planet neither orbit around a star nor a galaxy?
Survival on a rogue planet
Could the word "multiple stars" include binary stars?
How to find which part of the sky a photo contains?
What starting circumstances have to be for "grand tack" hypothesis to work, and why they are lacking in other planet systems(as far as we know)?
How can I convolve a template spectrum with a photometric filter response spectrum?
How many actual stars are Polaris?
How was Earth's "quasi-satellite" 2016 HO3 "first spotted" and it's orbit determined?
What would Earth be like without the Moon?
Could this three moons system be stable?
How can there be 1,000 stellar ancestors before our Sun?
Virial coefficient when computing dynamical mass enclosed by a rotating galactic disk of gas
What are the requirements to become a planet?
Could the Sun's magnetosphere block extraterrestrial contact?
What is the name of the cycle whereby the lunar azimuth and altitude recur on a given day?
How to understand orbit definitions
Black holes and material interaction
Black hole darkness a result of gravity or temporal distortion?
Would a viewer see Earth from the rim of Shackleton Crater?
Having some weird issues with my tracking (Advanced VX)
What is the Galactic Latitude and Galactic Longitude? How is different from the latitude and longitude we use on Earth?
Distance and orbital period for terrestrial binary planets
Unable to achieve focus
an exercise from Spherical Astronomy by Smart
How close would merging black holes have to be to feel gravitational waves?
How would seasons at the equator be if the Earth were tilted 90 degrees?
How do astronomers distinguish the spectral lines?
How can black holes be sometimes so gaseous?
Why is the CMB not simply travelling parallel to us?
a random distribution of RA&Dec
Eyepiece projection photography
Two moons and one Earth?
Why don't globular clusters flatten with a galactic disc?
Why the light curve goes down when the planet is behind the star?
Why do the planets orbit in the same direction?
Is the composition of stars in future made of more and more heavy elements?
Is Planet Nine observable in principle?
What is the word for space that is in the solar system, but outside the heliopause?
What is the shape (along the plane, not up-down) of stellar orbits in flat spiral galaxies
Star formation: When a nebula collapses, is it only the gasses that form the star?
Is Universe Sandbox 2 realistic?
Have there been successful attempts at spotting Neptune with the naked eye?
Are white dwarf stars supported by proton degeneracy as well?
Could the earth become a star if more mass was added?
What is the reason the Chinese want to measure the <30Mhz radiation behind the moon?
Does the retrograde movement affect the true angular distance between 2 planets?
Which lens and magnification is best to see planets?
Are we moving faster than the Cosmic microwave background radiation?
Would space-based telescopes need to remain in the shadow of Earth to avoid light interference from the sun?
Can you still see Polaris even if you are in the south pole?
Is this picture of a digital camera being oversaturated by bright light source i.e. the Sun?
What are the exact causes that differences in sunrises are shorter around june and december but long in march and september?
What color is earthshine?
The Three Elements in the Milankovitch Cycles
Converting ångström spectral dimension to galaxy speed (km/s)
Would we be able to feel the acceleration of a planet with a highly eccentric orbit?
Has NASA confirmed earth now has a second moon orbiting the planet?
Could dark matter be "inside-out" reality?
What may be the period and speed of revolution of the star that is closes to galactic centre?
Do other planets with a magnetic field also have two Van Allen belts?
What is the most distant observable White Dwarf known?
What solar features would I see at 10x magnification?
lunar calendar accuracy for predicting new moons
How fast would Earth need to rotate to fling someone off due to centrifugal force?
Has the velocity of photons coming from black holes already been measured?
Inverse of the sunrise equation - finding locations with a given sunrise time on a given day
Is the lower mass limit of a neutron star the same as the upper mass limit of a white dwarf?
Can a tidally-locked planet maintain an obliquity
Why aren't stars like Eternally Collapsing Objects?
Future redshifting and effect on the 'pitch' of CMB radiation
How massive can a cold solid object be?
Data reduction and photometry without IRAF?
Kepler's second law of motion
What are the small things, look like stars, moving in the sky?
Will Saturn's Moons be destroyed?
Why is there a supermassive black hole at the center of every galaxy?
Could a cross-ringed planet exist?
Why aren't planetary bodies static?
Solar Eclipse: How it occurs
Why are Saturn bands much fainter than Jupiter's?
Was the use of silver on 'optical' telescope mirrors more common in the past? Why?
Spherical Accretion (Bondi Model)
How does 2015 RR245 compare to the other KBOs predicting "Planet 9"?
Do planets form around lone stars, multiple stars, or both? Do we know this yet?
Are there any reliable optical measurements of the radius of a neutron star?
Can one calculate the size (i.e. the radius) of our universe?
Has anyone filmed a total lunar eclipse from the Moon's perspective?
If a hot Jupiter collides with the parent star, does it enhance or reduce the life of the star?
How well supported are the theories of black-holes containing their own universes?
Where did the grand design spiral galaxy designation come from?
Are 3D coordinate data from Sloan DSS-III available & easily accessible to non-pros?
Will Gaia detect inactive neutron stars?
Do planetary rings always follow rotational axis?
What would happen when the earth consumed all its fuel?
When did "resilvering" large telescope mirrors actually refer to aluminization, and why was it necessary?
Why do astronomers not use past tense when discussing observations of the universe
Do differentials in the Earth's density cause the flyby anomaly?
Do constellations change?
Extraction of error spectrum in Sloan Digital Sky Survey
Observed data: Why so many MPECs about TNOs lately?
Why is the exoplanet HD 131399Ab so hot?
Do primary mirrors in large observatories undergo regular removal and re-coating of the aluminum? Why?
Energy carried by solar wind
A question about the distribution of mass among the planets in the Solar System
Could celestial coordinates be encoded into three-word combinations?
Do far away stars that we observe today still exist?
Which 16 antenna locations were used this MeerKAT radio image?
Where are the Moon rocks from Apollo?
Do stars start with rocky core?
Can stars be seen in the background when looking directly at our solar system?
How can a supermassive black hole cause so much energy to enlighten its matter when its massive gravity prevents light to escape?
Does Eddington's variable polytropic index better fit data from the Standard Solar Model?
How many stars would it take to draw a line across the middle of the sky that appeared solid?
How often is a blue moon?
Do far away planets reflect light in the same way our moon/earth reflects light?
How far into intergalactic space would you have to go to see the Milky Way?
Galaxy centre X structure - could this reflect impact of black hole at galactic centre
Can I get help getting image of Celestial Body at RA 2.220 and Declination +15.59?
What is the projected range of the JWST to be able to detect exoplanet atmospheres?
Interfacing FORTRAN programs for model atmospheres with IDL or Python
Is it possible that a star system ejects an object out of the galaxy?
Why celestial objects appear brighter in the night sky than in photographs from closer proximity?
Is remote measurement of isotope ratios possible, or must a sample be aquired
What is the temperature of the solar atmosphere (the corona) and how is it measured?
More than 67 Jovian moons?
How far away is the nearest compact star remnant likely to be?
Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune system GM
Using SkyChoord to read in multiple coordinates.
Is this a real picture of the moon?
Parts of the Universe Shows Fewer Named Stars
Can't find Cassiopias Schedar or Caph in Tycho-2 catalog supplement 1
Refraction by Saturn's atmosphere - how dense is it here?
Why does the Moon appear gray when passing between the Sun and the Earth?
Is the radius used in the formula for the escape velocity the average radius of the celestial object or the radius at the starting location?
What is the origin of the dust near the sun?
Why can we trust Hubble Time if the rate of expansion is not constant?
How are heavier elements such as carbon and silicon distributed within the Sun?
Can there be elliptical rings around a planet?
Does Earth transit look like a black dot surrounded by red light?
Do galaxies change shape and size over time?
Why are tides biggest during the equinoxes?
Black hole at Galactic Center of the Milky way and Bar of stars?
Why does light from objects take time to reach us?
Is a swimming pool analogy to building of black holes in the centers of galaxies valid?
Are the Voyager spacecraft outside of our Solar System?
orbital angular momentum and the longitude of ascending node
period of an eclipsing binary
Term for the period between planet alignments?
Could non-supernova carbon, oxygen, or silicon flashes be observed?
Could this be a cosmic ray hit on my cameras sensor (CMOS, DSLR)?
Can mechanical angular momentum be transferred by gravity?
How do scientists determine if a star's color is due to Doppler shift vs the star's composition vs temperature?
The Moon drifting away from the Earth
What is the most asymmetric known planet?
How fast would we have to go for the red(/blue)shifts of galaxies ahead of us to differ from those behind us with statistical significance?
Does terrestrial planets conduct heat from near to far side?
What is the real position of the tidal bulge?
Does Big Bang red shift affect the frequency of both light waves and individual photons?
Can information leave the observable Universe?
How was the acceleration calculated for this CME (Coronal Mass Ejection)?
What programming languages does SETI (Search for ExtraTerrestrial Intelligences) most commonly use for signal processing?
How far can the Sun and the Moon get?
Accretion discs emitting jets
What information will SETI have access to from the SKA (Square kilometer array)
Images of gravitational lensing
Is it Jupiter Only a Gas Giant?
Will the 2016 Perseid meteor shower be visible in Sydney, Australia?
Tidal influences of planets on the sun
Why is the "green" comet C/2014 Q2 (Lovejoy) red in this picture?
Do/Can Ringed Stars Exist?
Which came first: Galaxies <=> Stars <=> Planets?
If the universe is 'flat', what shape is it?
How does the cepheid variables help in finding distance
How can a black hole ever form?
Standard Big Bang model and space curvature
Would a spaceship have to evade interstellar clouds?
Are there any sounds in space?
Does the lower mass of Uranus suggest it swapped position with Neptune?
Life forms in brown dwarf atmosphere
Difference between "planetary ring" and "circumstellar disk"?
Suggestions for a beginner-friendly telescope
Why do we keep orbiting through the Perseid meteors?
What (actually) is Jupiter doing to this year's Perseids meteor shower?
Do some ELF (Extremely low frequency) radio waves pass the atmosphere
Integrating radial velocity with respect to time
Do astronomers measure radio waves absorption to know the shape of a celestial body?
Change in angular diameter of Cepheid variables
(How) Can one determine if an exoplanet is synchronously tidally locked or not?
How long would it take a Boeing 747 to go around Jupiter?
When does oscillation of interplanetary plasma occurs?
Deriving phase of a pulsating star from list of Julian date values of observing brightness
Are gas giants supported by thermal pressure?
Which software is appropriate to integrate radial velocity with respect to time
When will the Sun end all human life on Earth?
How to calculate a phase shift in the process of deriving Baade-Wesselinke distance?
How to calculate a meteor's entrance altitude to Earth's atmosphere?
Observatory control software
How to calculate a Galactocentric distance of another galaxy
Can you view the Perseid meteor shower anywhere on Earth?
What telescopes have observed anomalies in the light curve of Tabby's star, KIC 8462852?
plotting stars in cartessian coordinates using the stars ra and dec produces the wrong location of the stars
Actual observable horizon for satellites on an orbit line map?
Understanding "dex"
What is the final destination of a neutron star?
Giant variation of the proposed eLISA mission using reflectors on Earth and the Moon possible?
Would gravitational waves be subject to external gravitational perturbations?
Are there bodies in the Universe that are not spinning?
Help With Transit Radio Telescope Data Analysis
Are meteorites found everywhere?
How can I map the zenith for an observer at a given time to equatorial coordinates (as would be measured in J2000)?
How to correctly create planetary orbits from kepler elements
Solar luminosity proportional to $G^7$?
Explosions of black holes
Function for current distance between in light-seconds between Mars and Earth
Do asteroids originally come from debris of star remnants?
What are the natural life sustaining resources available in the Jovian moon system?
If a captured moon has prograde, circular and equatorial orbit, can we know it is captured?
Is there any residual oscillation left from the Moon rotation?
Jupiter orbiting time in Earth's orbit?
Is the universe moving through infinite space time as it expands?
Is it true that we can estimate the mass of a star more accurately if it has a companion star?
Using the surface-brightness relation for Cepheids
How many science instruments can be used in parallel with the Hubble Space Telescope?
Can we discern black holes with visible light?
Should we not accommodate Ophiuchus also in Our Calendar?
Distance of various constellations from Earth
What happens to the 99.9 % of the sun-rays that do not fall on any planets or any other celestial body?
The expansion of the universe and how stars and galaxies still collide
How many rovers now on Moon?
Can satellites travel in clusters?
Which are the most energetic events in the Universe?
How do I get the change in angular diameter value?
If Mars were tidally locked to the Sun, what would the temperatures on its surface be like?
Succinct explanation of black hole mass, diameter, shape?
What is the faintest magnitude a telescope can see?
Moving object seen through telescope, what is it?
How deep is the "A" Fraunhofer line in the solar spectrum? Is it from the Sun's or Earth's atmosphere?
How to find out if a galaxy is in a specific cluster
Storm with lightnings and no thunder
Does all the exoplanets orbit the same direction?
Is the Sun visible from Proxima Centauri to human eyes?
Can a Y dwarf star undergo a supernova?
Is there a type of star that emits relatively monochromatic visible light?
Why are the ALMA receivers' ADCs only 3-bits?
If Jupiter was placed in Mars' orbit, how would Jupiter appear from the naked eye?
Where can I find a solar eclipse calendar compatible with Google Calendar?
How bright will Sirius be when it's closest to the solar system?
Can SETI certify whether or not Proxima b is inhabited by beings using electromagnetic communication?
Are there any measurements of other galaxies indicating the existence of exoplanets?
Is it possible to calculate distance between two objects?
How is the time of sunrise and sunset determined?
How do I know, mathematically rather than from observation, if a moon is full?
What (actually) is the " deprojected half-light radius" of this almost-all-dark-matter Galaxy?
Why are the stars in my image so green (false color image, HSO palette)?
Why do our clocks not go out of sync with the day over a year?
Why can we see the Pillars of Creation, but not Proxima B?
Why is the Lunar Node in a daily motion?
Binary stars of different ages?
Is communication with proxima b possible with todays technology?
The light of which star is next to reach the earth?
What is the resolution in megapixels of the Hubble Telescope?
Can we observe the Milky Way on the edge of the universe?
Percentage of charted stars
Detecting people on Proxima Cen b
How many judges sat on Galileo's trial over heliocentrism and who were they exactly?
In SETI has anyone calculated an estimate of the mean time between observations?
Exact measurement of a light year
What (actually) defines an Aten-class near-earth asteroid?
On the lack of observational records by European astronomers of the 1054 guest star
The laws of physics through out the universe
Affect of leap seconds on the prediction of an eclipse
High quality Space-related blog/website?
Galaxy behind the Ring Nebula
Amateur astronomy plan for GCSE students
How early could life supporting planets been formed?
What was the nature of the signal received from the direction of HD164595?
How can we use hypervelocity stars to determine the origins of the Universe?
What's the theoretical maximum density of a galaxy?
Would a black hole evaporate via Hawking radiation before you fall past the event horizon?
Is the Sun in our solar system moving or stationary?
What's the difference between GSR and Grf
Is a black hole made from a anti-matter star the same as a ordinary black hole?
Can radio telescopes such as arecibo image the subsurface of asteroids or planets?
Signal-to-noise in inverse angstrom for spectroscopy?
What point does Earth actually orbit?
Why are some universal entities round and others are flat?
How to get the axial tilt vector(x,y,z) relative to ecliptic
How massive must a rocky body be to liquify adequately to eliminate internal mass concentrations that could disrupt natural satellite orbits?
Question about the Figure-eight periodic planar three-body motion
Calculate planet's surface temperature by distance from star
Looking for star database
Decreasing rate of Earth's rotation: where does the power go?
How to find out which Messier objects are in the Kepler/K2 fields?
How many judges sat on Galileo's trial and who were they exactly?
What suggests the cyclic nature of the universe? Proposed by Stephen Hawking
How many times has the sun orbited the galaxy?
Can a telescope be built to focus on a point source star?
Stellar Mapping and Coordinates
Is there is any such thing as super massive white hole? How are they formed? And where are they present?
Observations of a perigee coincident with a full Moon
Is there mass i.e a physical bottom to a black hole?
Gliese Catalog Designation prefixes
Angles of sunrise and sunset viewed from a surface anyway oriented
Map projections used for star maps
What is at the edge of the galaxy?
Does the ecliptic precess? Does the Sun's rotation precess?
Is there a spectrum of polarization? Does polarization vary depending on wavelength, from one and the same source?
Milky Way position on the sky
What does the coordinate of time really mean?
Can all astronomical signals be considered Gaussian noise?
What's the terminology of a meteor "ditch" when impact happens at an angle?
How did the Milky Way and Andromeda Galaxy separate before they began their collision course?
What is the density of stars in our region of the galaxy, up to say, 1000 light years distant?
Meteor traveling through atmosphere without hitting Earth
What are the steps I have to follow to join SETI programe from my location (India)?
How big can a crater get?
How much star can star fusion fuse if star fusion can fuse hydrogen?
Numbers 80 to 85 in Ancient Astronomy
Does the moon have days?
When are gravitational waves emitted during a merger of black holes?
Could information be transmitted from inside a black hole using gravitational waves?
Complex life in binary black hole - Sun(s) system
How would I calculate the length of the day of this planet?
Effects of the solar tide on planets
Intercept a NEO trajectory
Terminology: planet plus atmosphere vs planet and atmosphere as separate things
What would we see if all stars disappeared simultaneously?
safeguards against comets?
How does a black hole spin?
Calculating orbits using observational data
How far apart are stars in Terzan 5 cluster?
Does creation of galaxy depend on black holes?
Why is the symbol of Vernal Equinox ♈?
The Hollow Moon Story
Using a telescope to look at the Earth History in Some Detail
What type of telescope can show cliffs on the moon surface from a city location?
Average number and type of planets orbiting given star types
What is the speed of gravitational waves ?
Do supernovae produce powerful gravitational waves?
What does "forward facing" mean for space telescopes?
absolute speed of bodies as observed by a distant observer
Can the difference between a star and a galaxy which are point sources be detected?
How to explain that Polaris is a circumpolar star in the sky of any North America city?
How is a day measured on a gas giant?
Is there evidence for the speed of gravity?
Why does Gaia use only calcium NIR lines for stellar radial velocity measurements?
The path of the planets on the celestial sphere
What is the composition of the Solar Wind?
Which approximations are required for the synodic period formula?
Ellipticals supported by random motions
How would a small TCO (temporarily captured orbiter) or other natural Earth satellite most likely be detected?
Could the merger of two rotating black holes create another that breaks the rotational speed limit?
Why is JD 2451545.0 = January 1, 2000, Noon instead of JD 2451558.0?
Calculating the distance of objects using the Gaia DR1
Are there any known planets whose axis is oriented such that one pole always faces its star?
Size of Saturn's ring material
Measurement precision of celestial events
Creating a basic "fixed" solar system to host a 3D space travel simulation
Do black holes pull in and keep spacetime itself or merely warp it but ultimately let it pass through?
What is left of a universe where no matter and energy exist and is there a term for this?
What makes the Earth infinitely rotating around its axis
Are there observable changes in a star about to become supernova, minutes or hours before the explosion?
Lunar Eclipse - Total darkness?
Black hole Creation
Did we discover how nebulae hold their shapes?
Do comet orbits lie in the same plane as the other planets?
If an earthquake happens on Mars, is it still an earthquake?
V471 Tauri's circumbinary brown dwarf non-observation; Applegate, or over-restrictive assumptions?
Calculating the date and year when a lunar eclipse will fall on the Winter Solstice
What could be past the particle horizon?
Does red shift need to compensate for space expansion
Did Gaia actually generate complete light curves for 212 Cepheids in other galaxies?
Is there, in fact, any close-up photography of Saturn's rings, showing individual pebbles/rocks?
Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) HDU `or_mask` - what does it mean exactly?
2 Earth-like planets in co-orbital configuration
Could a moon of a mini-neptune around a red dwarf harbour life?
Is it possible to observe Polaris and the Southern Cross from the equator during an equinox
Closest path of solar eclipse central line
Can Earth host another natural satellite than the Moon?
Can any radio telescope be hooked up with the Very Long Baseline Array, or other interferometers?
Is radar interferometry used, or feasible, for ground based astronomy?
Convert MJD date range to number of days elapsed in IDL
Is this a stable system?
Energy deposition in planet Earth due to gravitational waves
Does Jupiter help to protect the Earth against comets/asteroids impacts?
How can "Geysers" on Europa reach heights of 100km?
Why does the Tycho-2 catalog not include Hipparcos stars?
Did the earth form outside the solar system?
Not clear on how to calculate sub-radar latitude
Sun's formation as "part of a star-forming-cluster..."?
Could the closest approach of stable orbits of two earth sized planets allow life to jump between?
How easy would be to see the Moon from Mars?
Energy needed to create a black hole vs energy needed to run the Large Hadron Collider?
What is the role of the random catalogue in calculating the two-point correlation function?
Can I do M.Sc in physics to become an astronomer after doing B.Tech in aeronautical engineering?
In which two constellations, were the two gravitational wave events of 2016?
Are sulfur and phosphorus also created in the nucleosynthesis of big stars?
Does the loss of mass create an observable change in a comet's orbit?
Dfferent distances to comet 67P
Hot and "warm" Jupiters expelling terrestrial planets?
Sudden Effects of Sun Disappearing
Will a planet's core always be very hot?
How long does a comet "live"?
What does less than one count from an x-ray detector mean? (Swift BAT detector)
Multi-messenger astronomy: what is the potential of simultaneous detection of gravitational waves and neutrinos from a supernova?
Distribution of spectral types of "giant" stars
Why haven't I seen the Moon?
How much mass do the volcanoes of Io erupt past escape velocity?
Can a tectonically inactive planet retain a long-term atmosphere?
Explaining the Drake Equation on a smaller scale
In what parts of the world is it impossible to view the night sky due to light pollution?
Exactly what in Saturn has been located to within 4 km precision?
Did the Juno mission locate Jupiter at the same precision as Saturn (4 km)?
Do black holes produce thermal radiation?
When the moon eclipses the sun what direction is darkened first: left or right?
Does the age of the universe take into account General Relativity / Special Relativity?
is it possible to prove some version of the "cosmic censorship hypothesis" of Roger Penrose which proposes that this is impossible?
Multiple Star-system percentages
How can we map masses orbiting the outer Solar System by determining the orbits of planets and smaller objects?
In km/h, what actually is the "speed" of Andromeda away from us: cosmologically?
Why do galaxies have arms?
Where does the energy of light go, when it red-shifts?
Which camera body is best introduction for beginner amateur astrophotographer?
Need help finding a star
Why Did The Universe Expand?
Terran eclipse?
From our world's perspective, does the full moon look larger in one city than it does in another?
From color index to luminosity
How could lithium burning take place in a quasi-star?
Is a Gas Giant a Perpetual Motion Machine?
Local sidereal time interpretation
What makes a flying object keep moving with the Earth's rotation?
Auroras: is there any bump in frequency at certain times of night, or times of year?
Cosmology: about the equations of expansions
What was the orbital path of earth before collision with a Mars sized planet?
Why does Kepler's "Big Picture" of comet 67P look so strange? And what is the significance?
Flux density to flux
Astronomy & machine learning. Where to start?
Difference in the baryon acoustic oscillation measurements
The drift of the Moon's equatorial rotation velocity
What is the oldest thing?
How does the solar wind destroy the atmosphere of a planet lacking a magnetic field?
Why are galaxies distributed as walls and voids, or spider webs?
Can we manipulate cosmic rays?
According to my calculations Jupiter's moons do not follow Kepler's 3rd law - Why is that?
Calculating angular diameter amplitude from angular diameter variations of Cepheid variable
How much clearer are stars in earths orbit?
Calculate eccentricity with altitude and semiminor axes
Question about Telescopes , observations and explanations of the observations
What are the Similarities and Differences between ALMA and FAST?
Does the recent news of "ten times more galaxies" imply that there is correspondingly less dark matter?
Examples of astrophysical objects NOT in virial equilibrium?
Centre (projected) of a galaxy cluster
How to convert ra&dec between different epoches?
Modifying Heisenberg's unified field theory with gravity
How did ancient astronomers know to order the planets from the closest to the farthest from the Sun?
How could a 20 inch space telescope "be able to make out Earth-size planets" orbiting alpha Centari?
What constellation would the Sun be in from an exoplanet?
On orbital mechanics of evaporating planets
How does the Sun generate its periodically reversing large-scale magnetic field?
What time and where on earth is the latest solar noon?
What is 'non-detection' of a Supernova?
Is there a consensus as to where terrrestrial planet atmospheres in our solar system came from?
Cosmic microwave background radiation: why did it take so long to get here?
Fingers of God effect for galaxy clusters
Orbital velocity of a planet - why is my calculation off by about 10%?
Fate of helium moving toward a singularity
Darkness in Outer Space
Direction of Meteors
J2 perturbations and orbits
Why is the magnetic reconnection(of sun) effect many orders of magnitude faster than predicted by standard models?
What lens should I use for my Raspberry Pi?
Centerless expansion or a matter of perspective
Why does the Moon's terminator look "wrong" in this image?
Stabilizers/dampers for refractor telescope
How to know when the moon is visible on a particular night?
What's the difference between apparent brightness and apparent magnitude? Are they the same?
Which measurements have shown that 2014 MU69 is red? (New Horizons' next target)
Can a planet have more that one ring?
Age of a black hole
What is precipitable water vapor in millimeter-wave radioastronomy and how is it measured?
Will the Earth ever be tidally locked to the Moon?
Distance to Sun at Perihilion and Aphelion at max and min Eccentricity
Identifying Celestial Bodies vs Drones
Questions about convolving/deconvolving with a PSF
I think I saw a satellite disappear? or was it a star?
How do supernova explosions reconcile with light speed constraints?
Orbital period for a 1 light year object?
Stellar catalogues stars in specific sky regions – without downloading the catalogs
Have I misunderstood Hipparcos Data with Arcturus?
Journal standard for plotting section of skymap?
Filters for solar eclipse and solar feature viewing
Travel telescope: attaching a Lunt 80mm ed on a Dolica tripod
Composition and Proton Flux from the Solar Wind
Why does the neutral hydrogen velocity have this characteristic behavior in the galactic plane?
Mathematically calculate if a Planet is in Retrograde
Is it same distance Equator & Prime Meridian?
The deduction of the Hill Sphere formula
If getting shined on by a gamma ray is an extinction level event how do we detect them?
No hair and neutron stars
What would happen if a spaceship goes faster than the speed of light?
Are there upper or lower mass limits for black holes?
Does binarity play a role in spectral fitting?
What (actually) does "peculiar periodic spectral modulations" refer to in this preprint?
How good is the HST compared to ground telescopes?
How to calculate the current distance between two planets
How strong is the force between the Sun and the centre of the Milky Way?
Which data should I use to take the fast Fourier transform (FFT) to find time period for eclipsing binaries?
Why don't we see "the milky way" in both directions?
How is the Universe's Expansion Accelerating if the Hubble Constant is Decreasing?
Recurrence of Moon at Virgo's "feet"
What activities of human beings can be detected by aliens 1000 pc away?
Why don't we use amateur astronomers' telescopes to create a huge interferometer?
Gaia Parallax data
What are the dark spots in this Hubble image of the Crab Nebula?
Interstellar reddening for Cepheids
Which observatories help NASA find 5 new asteroids per day?
What are the large round dark "holes" in this NASA Hubble image of the Crab Nebula?
Plot of best available resolution vs wavelength - radio through gamma rays?
Why are main sequence stars more massive than the Sun less dense? e.g. Vega, Spica etc
What would happen if a planet would acumulate mass continously?
When we say the sun takes 230M years to orbit the galaxy, what is this in relation to?
Is carbon dioxide gas giants possible?
What is the spectral power output of a typical galaxy?
Are exo-meteoroids possible?
Has the existence of earth-sized rogue planets been confirmed?
Rebinning with a non-integer factor
What is the largest (angular) dark area in the sky?
How to calculate the S/N of IFU or long-slit galaxy observations
Orbital elements of solar system using Pyephem
Astronomy online degrees
Where can I find raw text, ascii, or binary data from the GALEX satellite?
Is Barnard 68 the only cloud so close to us that there are no stars between us and it?
What does the velocity dispersion of a galaxy mean?
Which constellations are straight up and straight down?
Why is there a density dropoff in the stellar winds of magnetic O-type stars?
Period coincidence of Planet Nine with furthest Kuiper belt objects
Is it possible that Fly a Boeing 777 plane on Moon?
Are the compact objects in supernova remnants isolated neutron stars?
white-dwarf merge in binaries
Attempting to determine astronomy values in a parameter file
Photosphere is relatvely transparent. Is that right?
How to calculate planetary aspects at a stationary point?
Massive degraded impact crater on Mercury - chemical evidence?
In layman's terms, why do we put the "time" in space-time?
What is the ugriz magnitude system?
Why and how the Moon experiences only slight tidal forces
Trojan satellites
Why does disorder (entropy) increase in the same direction of time as that in which the universe expands?
Is Jupiter a dwarf planet?
What is the minimum meteor size to see a falling star?
Are sunspots vertically displaced from the surrounding photospheric plasma?
Visible Light Ground-Based Solar Observatory Data Archives?
Why are wavelengths shorter than visible light neglected by new telescopes?
How does the Saturn's low temperature influence the colour of the cloud belts?
statistical techniques for estimating distribution of mass
how do I read grades for knowing where I have to look for watching the ISS?
How do I understand a brown dwarf with a M-type spectrum?
What would be the difference in distance between earth and moon on supermoon night (14 November 2016)
Is there a MATLAB equivalent of PyEphem?
Can we resolve the centers of Milky way's satellite galaxies now?
Why does the concentration-mass relation of galaxy clusters have a negative slope?
What is the main source of opacity in sunspots?
Is the M81 group bound to the Local group?
Are the stars outside of the galactic plane in the galactic halo?
Is there any way for a planet orbiting a red dwarf in the habitable zone to not be tidally locked?
How can the next supermoon be analytically predicted?
Is this object an asteroid or comet, and how can it produce so many tails?
'Very High Noon' - Sun directly overhead
How is the mass and semimajor axis of a directly imaged exoplanet found?
Precipitation and weather and seasons on other planets
Could a super massive black hole actually be primordial black hole in disguise?
UK groups that investigate extraterrestrial life
Could we parallax measure stars just based on the Earth's size?
Buying a telescope for the first time. How important is the focal ratio and is a computerised telescope worth it?
StarNavigator 90 motorized battery
Is Pluto a "proto-planet"?
Partial Blood Moon
What made the recent supermoon so super?
Do you know about any Image Processing Challenges known in Space Telescope like Hubble?
face-on galaxy and edge-on galaxy
Gravity of other objects in black holes?
How close must a full moon be to become a supermoon?
Are there other pictures of Titan surface from Huygens?
Which kind of strategy should we take to discover Planet 9 and other KBOs?
What zodiac constellation will the Vernal Equinox be directed towards in ~6500?
Is the Large Magellanic Cloud contained in the Milky Way?
Length of a tidal day or by how much is the Moon late each day?
What's the density of dark matter (clouds)?
In relation to Meteor Showers, what is meant by Lambda Omicron?
Does black hole have the following properties?
Why is the statement "black holes make up 1% of the mass of the Milky Way Galaxy" unknown?
Getting light curves from Kepler/K2
Which of the following statements about gravitational waves are true?
If a large satellite keeps a planet from wobbling,why is Pluto/Charon on its side?
Light From Sirius
Relative black hole?
Exactly how elliptical is Mercury's orbit, visually, without exaggeration?
What factors influence the Widmanstätten pattern in iron meteorites?
What is the average Ni-Fe crystal length in iron meteorites?
How to determine what directly imaged objects are?
I have some questions about star formation
Did the 'hot Jupiters' really spiral into the Sun?
Has star KIC 8462852's 3 year long Kepler-fading continued after the primary Kepler mission ended?
Is having a surname which begins with the letter “A” a big advantage for a researcher in astronomy/astrophysics? Is changing our surname a good idea?
Declination of the Sun formula
What complementary observation campaigns have looked at Kepler's field of view?
On gravitational wave radiation and arrangement of galaxies post- big bang
Is the wind's intensity on Mars similar to Earth?
How is a Galaxy formed?
Why don't we have in-between planets?
does a minority of all planetary systems show transits?
Frequency of transit in planar and non-planar planetary systems
What is radio-emitting gas?
Does the redshifting of photons from the Universe's expansion violate conservation of momentum?
How could visible light be in pitch-black? Can it be?
Transformation from Geocentric Coordinates into Equatorial Coordinates?
Obtaining deltaT for use in software
Do we know if we are overtaking or falling behind our arm?
Difference of sunset and sunrise of two cities are different
Ceres is spherical, Vesta isn't – is it the largest non-spherical solid body in the solar system?
Why is the Sun so bright, but you can feel it far away?
What does a solar magnetosphere "short circuit" mean?
I have simple questions about neptunian system
Revolution of Planets
What is meant by the bifurcation of hydrostatic equilibrium shapes in planetary formation?
What is the meaning tiny bundle of energy smaller than an atom
Are the "extinct species" of meteorites originally from the "Barbarian" asteroids?
What can the average Astronomy Enthusiast do to learn more
Star density in- versus out- of the arms of the galactic pattern?
How can clouds form in Jupiter's atmosphere of Hydrogen and Helium?
How do we get the angular size of a crater without lens?
How do we know that a natural satellite cannot be a hollow object?
How do astronomers at SETI know if they received intelligent radio signals from other planets?
Is an ice planet made only by Ice?
The relation between the energy of star and heating effect
How can we tell the age of a rogue planet?
Question about mars polar caps
What causes the Earth to have gravity?
Is the moon "perfectly" tidally locked and, if not, how long would it take us to observe it's rotation?
How can gravity lead to the Big Crunch scenario?
Is it possible to tell if a certain extrasolar planet produces its own magnetic field?
Are all gas planets guaranteed to produce their own magnetic field?
How can a gas planet become tidally locked with a star?
How do we know a star's age based on its spectrum?
Does the ratio of daylight change from year to year?
Does supermoon's white light splits into seven colours
How can space expand in accelerating speed when dark energy is constant?
Are we already moving faster than light?
Estimating inner and outer boundaries of habitable zone for Sun
Cubic spline interpolation in light curve of pulsating stars
Is TESS replaceable by gound-based-small-telescope arrays?
Time measurement outside solar system?
Angle from 2 point on celestial sphere
What's the slit and slot on EIS(EUV Imaging Spectrometer) instrument of Hinode?
What's the differences between one-dimensional spectrum and two-dimensional spectrum?
Period of unique horoscopes?
How can I calculate when the new moon will be observed from a particular meridian?
how far away can close stars diverge with time?
How do I get flux density when I have mJy/beam , beam size and pixel size in an astronomical image
Is it possible to tell the time of day by shadows on the photo
Stellar parallax
What is direction of Sun's axis of rotation relative to the Earth's orbital plane around the Sun?
Equipment question
Galactic Filaments and their connection to Galaxy centre
"Official" time for other planets
Could undiscovered smaller black holes within galaxies be an explanation for dark matter?
How to calculate planetary position over vast time spans
Will JWST be as durable as the hubble telescope?
Did Earth "tilt" seasonally before it was accepted that the world was not flat?
If a star orbited another star, how would that affect parallax measurements of the other star from the vantage point of the first?
Mirror Telescope
Variable Types of Stars
What characteristics or patterns do galaxies have on color-luminosity chart?
Why is the letter *z* customarily used to denote redshift?
Retrofitting a Dobsonian Reflecting Telescope for smart phones?
Is the Big Bang inflation caused by Dark Energy
Martian Constellations
What is the tidal radius of the Sirius system?
Which stars, identifiable with the naked eye, have exoplanets?
Why didn't the Big Bang produce heavier elements?
What percentage of the hydrogen today has never been in a star
Why does Sirius proper motion "wiggle" with a 1 year period, when Sirius A and Bs binary orbit is a 50 year period?
Latest cosmological parameters
Could space time curve from the vantage point of earth and out into the universe, and would d = 1 / P in that case give false estimates?
Can virtual particles be the source of dark matter and dark energy?
Spaghettification of hard-things/Elements
In what ways does the mass and energy of the milky way curve space time?
Why levels of radio contours maps are given in mJy/beam and what does it mean?
Has the iron core of Mars really solidified?
How do I calculate the barycentric position of the sun at a given julian date?
Why does any planet look like a (not so) big white ball through my telescope?
How to calculate the orbits of Neptune and Pluto based on the orbits of Uranus and Neptune respectively?
Have we Observed Continuum Emission from Neutron Stars?
Neutrinos passing through black holes
Parallax due to the motion of the sun
What was Bradley's observation concerning abevation of light?
How does this comet have alcohol in it?
Understanding the theory of an expanding Universe
How does the dense atmosphere of Venus affect the planet's rotation?
What could be the possible origin of boron found in the Martian soil if not from ancient groundwater?
Redshift quantization
How can 'HD 140283' be older than the universe?
${\rm W/m}^2$ to Jansky
How to discover Neptune from the Uranus orbit (by computer simulation)
Can you see the starting and the ending of a light beam passing in the distance?
wavelength-based IFU data cubes VS velocity-based IFU data cubes
What's that very bright star (south-oriented, appearing at 5 p.m.)?
Horseshoe orbits and integration in C
Is normal matter always accompanied by dark matter and vice versa?
What's the difference between optical telescopes and solar telescopes?
How to track asteroids or NEOs?
How does a neutron star emitting magnetic-dipole radiation lose angular momentum?
Compton scattering of high energy radiation
Is there any possible connection between Gamma Ray Burst and Fast Radio Bursts?
Fast moving southward tracking light
What is the average time between a nebula formation and a neutron star?
How could a neutron star cause repeated 'fast radio bursts' detected coming from outside of the galaxy?
Which star did Uranus occult in 1977 when the planet's rings were discovered?
What object could I have seen at late June on the Sky?
How to project galaxy data in x y z coordinates?
can a life exist outside the universe?
How does the sun move over the year in the sky of the Moon?
Is it true dark matter was discovered whilst looking at the rotational speed of galaxies?
Who found the existence of Dark Matter?
Non-Newtonian motion of the moon
Do interstellar rocks pose a threat to interstellar travel?
What is high redshift?
Is the CMB the photons that were created at the birth of the atom?
Does our current understanding of the mass of black hole only allow for it to be located at the singularity?
Detector Pixel Geometry?
(Thought experiment) if we put a huge mirror into space, could we see back in time to the big bang?
Is the galaxy made of a nebula or the solar system?
Is there a significant population of neutron stars outside the galactic plane?
Are blue and red shift visible?
Celestron Astromaster 114eq Star pointer finder scope help required
How accurate and complete is the Hubble sequence diagram?
Do Stars in Galaxies also move in elliptical orbits?
How did they decide the length of one year even though it wasn't known that earth revolves around the sun?
Which celestial object in the solar system has the fastest tangential velocity at its surface?
Formation of "hot Jupiters" before star ignition
Orange star like ight
Planets not visible
How does the earth's plane of orbit (ecliptic) vary over time?
Sky in the very far future / past
How the position of this black hole known?
If velocity is relative, why mass (inertia) is increasing absolutely?
About the formula for taking in count of the observer altitude in sunrise/sunset formula
Is the universe considered to be flat?
How to make motion of the Sun more apparent at seconds scale?
Number of photons in universe? I'll take number from a star in unit time and extrapolate
DIY tracking motor - gear mating
Can a planet with a hydrogen atmosphere have a water ocean with dissolved oxygen?
What's the name of the point where you are closest or furthest from the ecliptic?
Age of a planetary body
Why is the eccentricity of Triton so low?
Exoplanet rotation period
Can the Moon provide momentum to an object in Earth's orbit? Gravity Assisted Boost
How bright could Gliese 710 appear in 1.35 million years?
Is the Hubble Telescope due to be retired and replaced this year?
Brown bands in Andromeda galaxy?
Why the Hubble constant is so inconsistent?
Why the comets can cross the orbits of planets?
Why are O III lines so prominent in the spectra of emission nebulae when the amount of oxygen relative to hydrogen is a million times smaller?
What defines a stable orbit?
How does the length of the minor semi-axis of the moon's disc's inner terminator vary through the cycle?
extrasolar comets - basic question
What's the farthest object as determined only by parallax?
Can lunar atmospheric density, as it exists today, increase naturally?
Any benefit for analyzing the depth of craters across the surface of a planet?
Sun's orbital elements
Why does the traslation movement of the earth last the same time as the four seasons?
Duplicate entries in Tycho-2 main and supplement 1
What does forward modeling mean?
What percentage of the sky could the sun be in?
What causes the abundance of dust to 'float' in the thin lunar atmosphere?
Are there non thermal filaments outside our Galaxy?
What mechanisms limit the top speed of high altitude winds on Venus?
How can X-rays be emitted from a black hole?
Could an object block out the Sun from Earth's view for 3 hours?
Did uncertainty principle triggered big bang?
How Good Are the Upper Limits on Heavy Elements?
Can someone help me to identify this section of the night sky?
Why can I see the Andromeda Galaxy despite Milky Way's rotation?
How would a celestial map for Callisto depict the paths of Jupiter, the Sun, etc.?
Determining latitude and longitude in bad weather
How can gravitational waves escape from the gravity of black hole?
Opposite Constellation of Sagittarius A*
If earth changed its orbit, what would happen to the moon?
Can Earth have a ring?
Bimodal Galaxy Distribution
Is there a non-trivial limit to a number of nested orbits?
Is there a place in the known universe that there would be no visible light from other stars/galaxies?
Rewriting the equation for the virial mass of a cluster
Who first hypothesized that the universe is accelerating?
As the Sun dies, does the Earth's orbit change?
Is "Giga-hertz Astrophysical Transient Emission" distinct in any way from "Fast Radio Burst"?
Could vacuum energy dim standard candles?
Why do constellation names change (eg from Cancer to Cancri) when used as part of a star's name?
Kepler and the Sun position
Which planets, nebula, and other objects can be seen using Celestron Astromaster 130EQ
If dark matter bends light, how do we know the stuff in the sky is where we think it is?
How can 16 Psyche be the core of a protoplanet?
Is cosmic shear generally agreed to have been observed?
Have parameters been determined for the Fourier components of a Milky Way spiral density-potential model?
Given that gravity bends the path of light, how confident can we be that galaxies are where they seem to be?
Convert RGB pixel value of an image to limiting magnitude
Is the total energy of the CMBR diminishing with time?
Can the diminishing energy of the CMBR be the source of dark energy?
How do we give directions in space?
Mass of black holes compared to parent star
Does making a ground based telescope larger always give you a better resolution?? why?? or why not?
What made cooler temperatures suitable for atom formation?
Mirror telescope: blocked sight
Finding luminosity of a star with magnitude
Can cosmic rays alone produce noticeable aurorae in bodies far away from the Sun?
About how many revolutions has the Earth made around the sun?
Is energy required for gravity to have effect, or is it an energy itself?
What galaxy looks the most like the Milky Way?
What existed before the big bang
If the Earth was in Venus's orbit, would it be habitable?
Why is Jupiter called so?
Is Dark Matter moving?
VSOP87D: What are the purpose of the initial columns in the VSOP87D data?
If there was air between the Sun and Earth, how warm would we get?
Could the accelerating expansion of universe inidicate we are surrounded by "denser" space?
How do you measure something that has already left the observable universe?
Are these parallel lines I'm seeing in this image a real pattern on the Moon?
Calculate Luminosity of Vega
Are they talking about the observable universe or the unobservable universe?
Speed gaseous planets
Absolute Magnitude and Absolute Bolometric Magnitude
Is it possible to figure out your location in the Milky Way if you are suddenly wormholed to a random, distant location in the galaxy?
What fraction of galaxies in the observable universe have we actually observed?
Hole through the earth
What is the difference between precession and axial tilt?
How can the observable universe shrink in a Big Rip?
Location of star HD 135591
Will we start seeing galaxies disappear due to Universe expansion?
In zero gravity - I'm floating inside a torus as they spin it up, do I float do the "ground"?
How to find a Cepheid's pulsation period using its graph?
How to find a place's latitude when you know a star's minimum and maximum altitude?
Can you identify this planet seen in the night sky?
Are all planets/galaxies moving away from *us*?
How Wide is Earth's Roche Limit?
Do all neutron stars spin?
What is $\phi '$ in orbital mechanics?
Have I just observed a supernova?
Enceladus; why use the words "geysers", "jets", and "plumes" interchangeably?
Is there a prediction when our solar system would fall apart?
Is there an established distinction between a geyser and a cryovolcano in solar system bodies?
What is the probability that we are the first ever intelligent life in the whole universe?
Is the Sun really burning and getting smaller?
Why do Uranus' and Pluto's moons orbit the equator? What makes a moons' inclination tilt with the rotational axis of their planet?
What IS HD 106906b?
Do astronomers generally agree that the distinction between comets and astroids is not so clear?
Tracing back OMNI data to the sun
Relatable comparison of VY Canis Majoris to the Sun?
What's the closest Venus gets to the moon?
Is there an alternative (potentially easier to understand) Euler diagram of the new solar system body classification?
Is there available space images taken by the south pole Gregorian telescope?
Gravitational waves
Lunar terminator illusion
Solar Spectral Types and Dwarf Stars
Day/Night Cycles and Seasons if the Earth's Rotational Axis and Orbit Changed
Eccentric Earth Orbit and Day/Night Cycles
Are the stars in all galaxies orbitting around a middle?
How to calculate what is the best date and latitude to observe a certain object in space?
How are J1407b's rings possible?
Retrieving input effective radius from Sérsic profile
Average effect of a planet on a comet
Is there any plausible astronomical source of energy that could wipe out humanity without rendering the planet inhabitable?
Stellarium simulation
Strange light in the sky
Asteroid apparent magnitude
To which extent is optically thick photon transport related to conduction?
Can matter fly directly into a black hole and avoid the accretion disc?
Difference between luminosity, luminous flux, and radiant flux?
What could have made a satellite appear to move side to side while near the horizon?
How does glass affect taking solar spectra?
Is the centre of axial precession perfectly perpendicular to the ecliptic?
What are the other examples of medium-sized stars?
Observing Comet 45P - reliable sources of position data
Adaptive Optics observations worse than natural seeing observations for faint structures?
Are black holes expected to contain the same ratio of dark matter to regular matter as the rest of the universe?
Why do different instrumental filters use different magnitude systems (Vega vs AB)?
Was the discovery of six exoplanets around one star as "easy" as counting six peaks in the FT?
Where do rocks come from?
Assuming 2007 OR10 is in tidal lock with its satellite, what is its mass?
Can some stars not emit any energy in the visible spectrum?
DESDM COADD image access
What does Gauss' divergence theorem say about compression of a body under self-gravitation?
Neutrino producton rate over time
What Types of Radiation Emanate in the Future and are Perceived in the Present?
A question about using both the Simbad and the Gaia archive
Why are there no ISM clouds with temperatures between 100 and 6,000K?
What aliphatic compounds were found on Ceres, and how where they identified?
How does the Event Horizon Telescope implement the interferometry?
Explanation of the isochoric and isobaric instability conditions of interstellar medium gas clouds
What would be the sizes of the bodies created from Jupiter's trojans?
How can maser emission be unpolarized?
Equating critical energy density to matter density
Travelling, flashing Star?
What is length of the universe on lights perspective
Determine sun azimuth and elevation for shading a window throughout the year
Is there an English translation of the Parisian Alfonsine tables
How to convert theoretical template spectrum from luminosity density to flux density units?
Telescope Specs
Finding equation for energy density of matter
Polynesian wayfinding techniques - how does this work?
What is the unit used for star brightness due to skyglow?
Will Sirius B start accreting from A and become a supernova type Ia?
How do GHA of vernal equinox, GHA of astronomical object and RA relate?
Transit Depth Color Versus Transmission Spectroscopy
So, what exactly is an 'ultra-cool' dwarf star?
How close can planets form to one another?
Constructing a periscope/telescope - trouble with lenses
When will solar eclipses become lunar transits?
Which rotational frame does the universe prefer?
Why search for water?
Star like lights at night
Where did TRAPPIST-1a go?
Exo Planets and Planets difference?
Is there a gas giant orbiting TRAPPIST-1?
How could we search for life in TRAPPIST-1
Are the Trappist-1 planets in stable orbits?
Are the Trappist-1 planets close enough to be tidally heated?
How was Trappist-1 discovered?
Can we detect exoplanets with perpendicular plane of ecliptic?
Are there any planned future observations of TRAPPIST-1 and its planets?
How do we know the order of the new Trappist-1 planets?
Can a bullet be fired on the moon and sent it into orbit?
What is the level of tidal heating between bodies that are already in mutual tidal lock?
How long have the TRAPPIST-1 planets been in a habitable zone?
Is it realistic to build a telescope powerful enough to take a photo of TRAPPIST-1's planets?
Trappist-1 planet albedo
Is the Roche limit used this way?
If thousands of exoplanets have been discovered, why haven't we discovered planet 9 yet?
Requirements for a satellite/planet to be tidally locked to a planet/star
How many things are wrong in this "artist view" of the TRAPPIST-1 system?
Are any galaxies partially in the observable universe?
Inner Workings of Neutron Stars
On the geodesics of the metric $ds^2=-\rho^2d\alpha^2+d\rho^2$ and the constant $l=\rho^2\frac{d\alpha}{d\tau}$
What effect does time dilation have on bodies orbiting close to Black Holes?
How does the Gamma Ray Burst that occurred when 2 black holes merged compare to other GRB's?
Why black holes have positive energy?
Relationship between metallicity and color? Should Pop. I stars be blue?
Is Anti-Dark Matter a thing?
Why do Seyfert Galaxies emit less energy than Quasars and Blazars, and how is the emitted energy measured?
What would the view be list from TRAPPIST-1g, looking back towards TRAPPIST-1?
What would the tides on the Trappist-1 planets be like?
Equinox sunrise sunset direction
How does gravity have an effect from the inside the event horizon of a black hole with the rest of the universe?
Is the effect when two planets passing each other different, when they pass in the same or opposite direction?
What does the 'amplification factor' of gravitational microlensing mean?
James Webb detection capabilities
The # of Estimated Galaxies increased 10 fold. Where does that leave our # of stars estimate?
How to derive uncertainty on photometric magnitudes of extended objects?
So is there nothing like satellite anymore?
Could there be massive charged “rivers” in interstellar space?
Does the astrology of constellations relate to its position during the year?
Greenhouse effect on planets
How do elements with only one shell emit light?
How did we differentiate lights from stars?
Maximum spin rate of a black hole?
Which constellation would appear to revolve around Denab,Vega or Thuban when axis of the earth would point toward them?
As a black hole passes through spacetime, does it affect it?
Why is the moon's motion more complicated than that of those planets?
Why is the moon phase not in sync with the moon's illuminated fraction?
How can artificial gravity hold the water in swimming pool?
Where is 0 R.A.?
How do you calculate local time from local sidereal time?
Calculating length of summer solstice day using tilt and latitude
White Dwarf and Degenerate Matter
Magnetars and the Dynamo Effect
Collision of Galaxies
How is Mercury tidally locked if the ratio is not 1:1?
Why do Auroras only occur in polar regions?
Error associated with Sersic Profile calculations?
What is the specific term for time of the night when there is no moon?
How much of carbon, sodium, silicon, and magnesium does the Sun have?
Any live moon stream?
Symmetry in Hawking radiation?
Looking for Galactic Data
Python with image in fits format
magnetic shield for spacecraft outside of Earths shield
Black hole without singularity?
Astronomy as a profession for moderately good software engineer
Does a magnet outside a black hole affect one inside it?
Radiometer Equation for Flux Density
Can someone in a deep well see the stars in daytime?
Exoplanet hunters ignored or ridiculed in the 1980s or 1990s?
What forces expelled these huge clouds, then blocked further progress, yet allowed it to maintain its threads?
Can this picture of the moon directly above the sun from the horizon be real?
Where do I find a better mirror?
What is the significance of the asteroid belt?
Will the JWST be affected by dust at L2 (gegenschein?)
How were the first stars formed?
Is there a timeline for the naming of the TRAPPIST-1 worlds?
Does an algorithm exist that takes an image of the night sky and tell you where in the milky way that perspective likely originates?
JPL DE Documentation
Are the planets Trappist-1 in the solar system?
Can the moon appear to be in any position in the sky?
How was water formed?
If Pluto is tidally locked with Charon, is its rotation still slowing down?
Why are solar systems heliocentric
What colours can rocky planets (or moons) have
How to align equatorial mount in the Southern Hemisphere?
Does Light Year is their past?
How does one interpret the definition of "accretion" in galaxy formation?
Why do most galaxies or planetary systems have disc shape?
Why is dark energy density given in grams per cm$^3?$
Stellar Information from Hipparcos
How are binary star systems created?
Amount of energy of the Big Bang
What resolution is needed to see a quasar through the galactic center?
How do stars affect the orbits of moons?
How large can a ball of water be without fusion starting?
Is it unlikely for a meteor to hit the day side of the earth?
Is our universe flat?
Can a black hole turn back into a star?
How far away does the Moon have to be until Earth doesn't feel its effects?
When will the Moon spiral away from Earth?
Why don't astronomers use meters to measure astronomical distances?
Why do rocky planets form?
Precession and the location of the sun on the horizon at equinox
What caused instant jumps and exactly flat periods in Kepler's light curves?
Sun's apparent magnitude at 2.5 AU?
What is the next lens I should buy?
Usage of $\sim$, $\approx$, $\simeq$, and $\cong$ in observational astronomy?
Is there a better explanation of Hawking radiation?
Is it possible to achieve a stable "lunarstationary" orbit around the moon?
Relative brightness of the sun's corona
Eclipse comparison: May 20 2012 vs Aug 21 2017 as observed from San Francisco, CA
What stabilizes rings or accretion disks?
Mean and true Sun
Ionization Fraction of Helium in alternate, He dominated early universe
How long will star formation endure before the eventual heat death of the observable universe?
Kepler - Creating the Ellipse (Astronomia Nova)
At what wavelengths can black hole Sagittarius A* be observed from Earth?
If Earth had no atmosphere, how many people would be killed by meteors every year?
Are exoplanets at dwarf stars less likely to have super-rotating atmospheres or asynchronous tidal locking?
Is there a preference for orbital planes of planetary systems to be aligned with the galactic disk?
How do we know how the Sun (or any star, for that matter) will evolve?
Problem about orbiting of a satelite
Are there expanding-universe cosmological models that do not include inflation?
Could the big bang have created super massive black holes?
Why do "they" portray colliding black holes like that?
How to calculate the position of the sun in long/lat?
Sidereal time and right ascension
Question about doppler effect
Does the observed period of a pulsar change with the time of year?
Are planets more likely to have dense materials at their cores?
Why do we define the Milky Way's rotation in a left-hand coordinate system?
How long will it be until the nearby groups of galaxies are receding at speeds faster than light?
Problem about finding distance with magnitude given
From where so much of energy would have arrived as was required for such a giant universe to have come into existence?
How can I identify a star?
Why are these objects moving at Vastly Different Speeds along the same orbit?
Difference in creation of solar flares and CME?
Instead of using flexible mirrors, could software be used for adaptive optics?
Blood Moon Identification in NASA reports
What is "superficial gravity"
Do blue giants have a habitable zone?
Need help on Springel model for galaxy simulation
Revolution of the sun
Effect of gravitation
What's the influence of a tilted orbital plane, when observing an exoplanet transit?
Changing Appearance of the Moon During a Single Night
Question about Hubble parameter (Hubble constant) and measuring it
What state of matter are nebulae in?
How are galaxies moving so much and why are they moving?
Why do satellites with greater altitude travel at a slower speed?
rotation curve in the innermost part of galaxies
Expansion of Space in the Very Distant Future
Calculating Radial Velocity from Hipparcos
Why can't we see the supermassive black holes supposedly at the center of galaxies?
What are IRAS sources?
How are Gravitational lensing and dark matter related?
What elements and compounds would be present in a red gas giant?
How was Sugar Grove Station supposed to work?
Pleiades galactic coordinates
Do objects that are invisible to the naked eye occlude much of the stars to Earth based observers?
A greenish blue patch in the sky during sunset
Integral Field Spectroscopy vs Fabry-Perot Interferometry
Finding the lens diameter of a telescope by magnitude
Hip2.dat and Solo, Binary and Multiple Star Systems
A smudge near Jupiter
Are there more images with different filters available for the April 6 Hubble image of Jupiter?
Do stars vary their own brightness?
Where can I find detail on interpreting the exo-planet transit-data graphics used in the Zooniverse Project?
Observation of Gravitional waves by LIGO from binary black hole merger
How big is one arcsecond at various distances?
Concerning the "Lithium test" for Brown Dwarfs
Why is TiO special?
Calculating star radius from temperature and absolute magnitude - what am I missing?
How are people converting intensities in Janskys to Kelvin?
Angles in Moon, Earth and Sun system
Laser Collimator For Dobsonian vs Newtonian
Question about radiation pressure
Is there a maximum temperature a planet can have?
Understanding Scatter in Data collected for HR Plot
Publish data in the virtual observatory
gravitational energy and internal energy
Are the radial spokes in Saturn's rings reliably visible via ground-based telescopes
What is $\omega$ and $\tau$ in this celestial sphere
Status of new telescopes on Mauna Kea?
Can I make a black hole with one or two atoms?
How to convert magnitudes to bolometric luminosity?
Change of time in vernal equinox by altitude from the Sea level
Approximating density of hydrogen in [observable] universe
Spacing of G and K class stars
Can gravity cause a Big Crunch, if the cosmological principle holds?
What does Eddington Limit (Eddington Luminosity) Show?
How does the earth not continue accelerating?
How do tadpole, horseshoe co-orbital states arise and how are they stable?
I want a galaxy count database, also how do I use SDSS skyserver to fetch galaxies?
Image processing techniques to distinguish between stars and galaxies in an image?
Strange square-like formation on Mars
What apparent sizes of the sun an Earth like planet can have?
Do all massive stars explode?
Appearance of sun at geologic past
Can IR sensitive cameras read signals from Venus's surface emissions?
Could Dark Energy be a "Cosmic Gravity Background"
Why is Enceladus's albedo greater than 1?
Will biological process be disrupted under strong gravitational time dilation?
Has the Lyman-alpha forest ever been used to test Arp's theory?
What are the maximum and minimum impact speeds for an asteroid that would strike the Earth?
How are the numerical stellar subclassifications determined?
Whats the deal with black holes and "no information from inside the event horizon can leave"?
Was there ever a hypothesis about a planet called Biga?
Can the Keck Observatory be improved with a third telescope?
Shape of neutron stars
How strong is the gravitational stretch we experience from the edge of the universe?
What affects the evolution curve of a star's luminosity as a function of time?
Why do neutrinos take time to scatter?
Are the distances between two celestial bodies the distance of their centers?
Effect of Hot/Warm Jupiter atmosphere loss on other planets
Reasons for orbital inclinations
What leads to increase in opacity in kappa mechanism?
How strong is the gravity from half of the distant universe?
Can radio-based telescopes produce visible light images?
How does dark energy remain constant?
Is there a connection between Jupiter's orbital period and the Sun's solar cycles?
Cannot calibrate “upgraded starpointer finderscope” for Celestron AstroMaster 114EQ
Why do aliens have to be carbon based lifeforms?
Help with homwork - Astronomy
What exactly is it that is being magnified 50 times in this gravitational lensing observation?
Has the microwave background radiation ever been blocked in order to prove it's really from the sky?
Is Jupiter's rotation slowing?
Moon and Sun UV Light
If sun-rays also contain any X-rays why we can't see the inner organs of the human body through these rays?
Does the given radius of a planet/moon include its atmosphere?
Viewing 2017 Solar Eclipse - How important is it to be in the center(blue line)?
"True" motionlessness - red shifts and CMB
If the density of nebular distribution increases symmetrically in all directions, how does space curvature explain it?
What are the reasons for referring to equinox J2000 or the equinox of the date?
Stars in constellation patterns by catalogue number?
Why does higher surface gravity broaden spectral lines?
Why the continued obsession in measuring the year as a multiple of days?
Why do stars explode?
How are the world's biggest telescopes cleaned?
Why can I see the dark side of the moon?
Is it coincidence that Einstein predicted exactly twice the outcome of Newton for the gravitational deflection of light?
How Can I View KIC 9832227?
Is the full moon full everywhere on the planet?
Can you recommend a book about big bang nucleosynthesis and chemical abundances?
Total mass of light?
Could the Moon naturally capture a large asteroid and keep it as a subsatellite? For how long?
Why is the volume of Saturn is 764 times bigger than Earth, but its surface area only 83 times bigger?
Theoretical measure of distance to black hole?
What should I consider in order to accurately calculate the moon phase?
Do comets contain any significant amounts of iridium?
Determining sunrise and sunset times based on azimuth and elevation
What questions will we be able to answer if we find life on other celestial bodies?
What's the useful magnification for a scope with 70mm objective lens?
How long would it take to collect a certain amount of photons?
Are there any ready-made machine-learning datasets of photometric data that are easy to use?
How to get SOHO Satellite images' coordinates?
Why at night the light of all stars get in small amount to earth?
How to find Greenwich Mean Sideral Time?
Understanding The Turnover Point of Angular Diameter Distance
How moon north/south nodes can be calculated
Is cosmic inflation still a hypothesis?
What does "Active Weather Patterns" mean?
Plumes vs Geyser
How can we say that the universe is expanding
very bright white star before sunrise
How old would I be if I travelled 1000 light years in one year
Primordial angular momentum?
Why could a gas planet not get much larger than Jupiter?
Is night sky getting brighter day by day?
How large are the effects of nongravitational forces on comet Halley?
In this image, where would the antumbra be?
Orbital Period of an Asteroid
What is the radiant intensity of the celestial sphere?
Umbra, penumbra and antumbra
I saw a light moving fast what could it be?
Does a White hole lies behind a Black hole?
What is the difference between ICRS and ICRS2?
The Sun or Our Galaxy revolves around what?
Orbits using Newtons laws
Algorithm to stack astronomical images
How would the barycenter of a double-planet system affect the two planets' surface gravity?
How do planets retain momentum?
"What was that spot in the sky?" - How to identify satellites
How big would the Earth look from the Moon?
Is there any official star gazing location list?
Property of elliptical orbits
Mass of quantum fluctuations in space?
Good ways to safely view an Eclipse?
How do we calculate heat flow or cooling rate for no fusion brown dwarf star?
How to find period of a pulsar from a given time sampled voltage data?
Why isn't our local interstellar space colorised?
1-parameter NFW dark matter profile
Size and Mass of a typical "small" asteroid that impacts the Earth?
Does the new moon appear at the same time around the world or in one region last
B-V to U-B colour index
Why does Venus spin so slowly?
How do you mount these binoculars and telescope on this tripod?
How do ASKAP's focal plane phased array feeds interact with the entire array phasing?
who invented the Hubble telescope
What have I seen in the night sky
Luminosity value to use for the calculation of the habitable zone?
Does the Canis Major Dwarf Galaxy have a black hole at its centre?
How do I create a galaxy stellar mass function?
How far could be an object from the Sun and still be under the influence of its gravitational field?
What is the magnification of the Keck telescopes in Hawaii?
What is the maximum planet mass for human habitation?
Gravitational lensing of quasars
What type of camera instruments are used to record optical images in space telescopes like HUBBLE & JWST.?
Complete Sun altitude-temperature graph?
What is the distribution of dark energy?
When exactly does a sub giant become a red giant?
What Right Ascension and Declinations are observable by a telescope from a particular location?
Wondering about a horseshoe orbit
Does the Earth ever cross the Moon's path with respect to the CMB?
Can I have a career in observational astronomy if I study astrophysics or does it have to be particularly astronomy?
If I had a horseshoe orbit of two moons...
Could the Earth survive a red giant Sun?
Cooling of astrophotography camera sensor chip
Should we expect clues from a gamma ray burst causing massive extinctions on Earth?
What of the following moon-situations would be better?
To several decimal places, how many days are in one year?
Natural units of star clusters angular momentum and energy
Detection of exo-planets
Newtons law of Gravitation
Power requirement for transmitting communications further than 1 ly?
What telescope is this, and how does it work?
Expanding universe
I see a non flickering star. How is this possible?
Why is this HST WFPC2 image so much fuzzier than the WFC3 image of the same field?
Does the Abell 1689 supercluster have angular momentum?
Helium in terrestrial planet atmospheres?
My homemade telescope
Can the explanation of Tabby's star KIC 8462852 be an intervening planet in orbit around another star?
relative distance and right ascention
Is the Sun prograde or retrograde with respect to the rotation of the Milky Way?
What is the movement of stars within the nucleus of a barred spiral galaxy
Introduction to the Magellanic Clouds?
What are Thorne-Żytkow objects?
Are there any physical phenomena that destroy information?
Planning to revisit Arthur Eddington's experiment from 1919
Velocity of most distant galaxies
Which worlds have unique words for a "day"?
Is there a timekeeping word for the orbit of a moon?
The M-theory to understand black holes
What are the significant assumption of the Inflation Theory?
Where goes original asteroids mass after impact?
Spectroscopy question about a Paschen series absorption
From where does the energy for gravitational waves come from?
When were the horizontal and equatorial celestial coordinate systems invented?
How does the Hubble telescope capture long-exposure photos?
how much further can a radio telescope than an optical telescope
What is the difference between equatorial and ecliptical coordinate system?
Does a 4-manifold universe imply zero net energy?
Why do type Ia supernovas produce more iron than type II
Celestial navigation from scratch
Why did the big bang produce a low entropy universe?
Why does fusing iron in a stellar core use more energy than it releases
Can someone explain this diagram showing the spectral type distribution of bright stars
Is it true that open clusters have $E > 0$ and globular clusters have $E < 0$?
Can someone explain me this diagram from an article?
Who is considered as the father of modern astronomy?
Centre of the singularity that is the big bang
What is the difference between Steinhardt's and Neil Turok's cyclic cosmology and Guth's inflationary model and Hartle, Hawking no boundry cosmology?
applying nutation to ecliptical coordinates (apparent position of star)
What is the right ascension overhead at Greenwich at noon on 21 march
What are infall signatures in stars?
What are these dark spots on Mars' north pole?
Spiralling in Galaxy evolution
How to lose the moon?
How much has the apparent magnitude of the Sun changed?
How did scientists come to the conclusion that it is space that is expanding?
Can smaller habitable planets (or moons) orbit a larger habitable planet?
Ecliptic plane, its precise definition useful for calculations
How can I calculate the time between sunset and actual darkness?
Hydrogen and oxygen in space
Why Only Saturn Has Visible Rings
Night sky timelapse - SO MANY METEORS?
Meteor shower from Moon's "debris"
Question about stellar remnants
is there any mathematical formula, paper or anything that shows the probability of a meteor hitting a particular spot of moon's surface?
Is the bright red body a star?
Universe and black holes
What is germane doing in the atmosphere of Jupiter?
How should I find a telescope for research time?
How do we not know what's in the Solar System?
If a rocky world is large enough (not a gas or ice giant) can it have helium from the primordial disk in its atmosphere?
Origin of terms "white dwarfs" and "red giants"?
How was the Sun formed?
Do we have to take gravitational lensing into consideration when measuring the size of exoplanets?
If the Oort cloud has billions of objects larger than 20 km, then why do we have so few comets?
Where and how to look up the coordinates and magnitude of the star in this occultation prediction?
What is the farthest reported distance from observer from which a solar system body has occulted a star?
Back-predicting solar eclipses
Relationship between Dark Energy and Dark Matter
An hypothetical timepiece on board of a spaceship. Please Help
Other than relative temperatures, is there any difference between a red sun and a yellow sun?
Why are all space observatories in Chile?
Are there any unmanned large telescopes located on Earth?
Why aren't other kinds of energies considered in the mass-energy of the universe?
Why does gas form a star instead of a black hole?
Observing the night sky with a 6-year old
How strong would gravity need to be to prevent star formation
Does the milky way have relativistic mass against galaxies which are moving away from it at high speeds?
Which would be safer: removing hydrogen or adding hydrogen to our sun?
What is this bright "glow" in the center of galaxies?
Star systems forming when large gravitational force is applied
Is there a difference between the solar elevation angle and sun declination?
In which direction does the Milky Way rotate?
How large part of the sky has Hubble observed?
How are the elevations of the poles proportionate to distances of earth that have been traversed according to Copernicus
Contradiction of special theory of relativity and quantum mechanics
How much light would be reflected from Jupiter to Europa (in Europas night)?
Was Milky Way formed after Sagittarius A Explosion?
What are these objects on the night sky generally between 8:00 and 11:00 PM?
How long would a near-light-speed trip to proxima centauri take from the traveler's and the earth-observer's perspectives?
In a reflecting telescope (Cassegrain), is there a difference between using a concave or convex secondary mirror?
Can electromagnetic waves be affected by gravity?
How Can I Interpolate Ephemerides?
In an area with lots of light pollution, which clear sky clock parameter is most important?
How did the Ancients understand the ecliptic using the Ptolemaic system
Does the inverse of gravity exists?
What does it mean 'black holes is created when center of a very massive star collapses in upon itself'?
calculating lunar phases
How are solar systems found again after being discovered?
Will galactic filament indefinitely expand while its galaxy clusters indefinitely disperse?
Aperture photometry uncertainties
Is this image captured by the Hubble Telescope an original image?
How do we know that Singularity is not an object with reasonable radius?
What would a gas giant consisting of only earths atmosphere look like?
If gaseous planets have solid core, can they theoretically be considered as rocky planets?
Why "Dark matter" is still considered?
Where would be the absolute most logical place in USA to observe the total solar eclipse on August 21, 2017?
What have we learned from the observation of most distant galaxies
How to shift AGN x-ray spectrum to rest frame from
Reference frames in relativity?
How have we measured the radius of the Earth (old and new)?
Why do certain moons have their rotational period equal to their orbital period?
What does the milky way look like from earth to the human eye without light pollution?
What possible effects of life replicating on gas giant atmosphere?
Is there any theoretical or empirical research about planetary systems with a black hole in their center?
Nodes and declinations of Moon
How was the first exoplanet detected?
Could we see planets around active Stellar Mass Blak Hole?
How to compare a reflector telescope to a refractor one?
If a comet strikes a glacier, does it make a print on the land below?
what are the criteria for classification of galaxies
360 degree equirectangular projection of all naked eye stars with precessional motion for simulating
Light distorsion/ilusion when looking at bright objects
Tidal locking of a moon
A question about calculating the radius of a comet
Projecting an image of the sun / eclipse
Do liquids exist in the interstellar medium?
Wouldn't be "dark matter" better called "massless gravity"?
Fraction of circumpolar stars to all stars visible in a location
Was the Crab Nebula to the southeast of Zeta Tauri 1,000 years ago?
How much the moon movement can influence an equatorial mount setup?
For chemical reactions occurring in the interstellar medium, which involve metal-ions, will the metal ions be solvated or not?
Moving light in night sky
Question about $3p/c^2$ in Friedmann equation
What differentiates a "group of rogue stars" from a galaxy?
List of Moving stars on the northern hemisphere? [Stellar kinematics]
Why do medium stars collapse to form supernovae while big stars collapse to form black holes?
Does the light from a torch reach to the moon?
A strange star-like object
what can I see with this telescope?
The most feasible hypothesis about Theia
How do black holes lose their mass?
Does Ganymede have a day/night cycle? If so, what does it look like?
What was this red deep sky object?
How to visually chart HORIZON ephemeris
Pluto is fuzed to all the asteroids, comets, other minor planets, etc. Would it be big enough to hold an atmosphere without forming a tail?
I saw an orange light in the sky which changed into flashing lights, what is this?
Term for the moment when hydrogen fusion begins in a star
Which telescope should I buy?
How long was an early Earth year?
Isn't it likely that most extra solar planets don't transit their star in line with the Earth?
How accurate are NASA's eclipse predictions?
What would happen if a person was out in space? would they get picked up by the pull of gravity from inbetween our planets, or sun?
Do most astronomers think that Andromeda will collide with Milky Way?
Moon, center of mass & geometric center, tidal locking
Can radiation affect gravity?
Can a binary star optically "orbit" a planet?
What is the reason the Jovian planets are in descending order of size?
galaxies in a specific radius in different shapes of universe
problem in making telescope using two lenses
Predicting/simulating magnetospheres of exoplanets?
Is the diamond ring effect visible in a 40mm hydrogen alpha telescope?
Could a planet be toss from a galaxy just like it's theorized rogue stars are?
Solving Friedmann equation for specific conditions
"Mysterious radio signals" - how could a geostationary satellite and Ross-128 line up with Arecibo?
How do I know what I'll be able to see?
What is the large astronomical instrument shown in this 1918 eclipse expedition photo?
Is there an official list of objects in the sky?
How to convert VSOP's xyz coordinates to heliocentric spherical lbr coordinates?
5 sec flare near Arcturus
Could a closely orbiting pulsar be used to study a black hole?
Graphics packages for publishing
How do tip tilt mirrors correct distortion in adaptive optics?
Supposed SN 1006 was only 4 lightyears away what would the blasts impact be like on earth?
Would our galaxy appear as a spiral when seen from the Andromeda galaxy?
Asteroid visible during the day?
Can Milky Way be seen in South hemisphere only?
What does a black dwarf look like?
Is this gas cloud or lens effect?
Why are three year old eclipse glasses not recommended?
What abbreviations, letters, or symbols do we use to denote highly degenerate stars?
Shared moon in a double planet system
How to test direct sun viewing glasses
Converting Earth Moon Barycenter coordinate to Geocentric coordinate
How big a dish do I need for radio astronomy?
What is a cold white dwarf?
How much does a linear lightyear of space expand in a year?
What is Copernicus referring to when he states that "circles have poles different [from the earth's]"
What exactly is the "paradox" in Olber's Paradox?
Earth shape and rotation
Why is gravity only an attractive force?
Equations of motion for Earth and Moon
Half of the Milky Way's baryonic mass is from other galaxies - when did this happen?
Sidereal time calculation
Counter weight rod
Rule of Exception in All Nearest Objects
What was the "brilliant new star in Aquila" on June 8, 1918, just after the solar eclipse?
Any observed example of a planet hitting its parent star?
Fact Check: How bright will the Perseids be in 2017?
Why shouldn't you look at the Sun through a camera using eclipse glasses?
Solar Telescope Projector Screen? [& intro telescope for solar eclipse]
What does a pulsar look like if viewed from above?
What is the star whose western traditional name is the longest?
Is there a way to know how the magnetic field was at the very beginning of our universe?
Is there any legitimacy to this report of planet nine being discovered by an amateur?
Seeing Azha (Eta Eridani) in Northern Hemisphere
TRAPPIST 1 and planet statistics?
Is it true that Jupiter protects Earth?
Io: Why so much sulfur?
How can we see Venus at night?
Telescope magnification compared to distance from an object
Asteroid locations at the time of the crucifixion of Jesus
How did we first determine the Earth's departure from sphericity?
Is there a relation with the noun planet and to be in a plane?
How do I imagine time difference?
Why would there be no day/night cycle even though the firmament would still be rotating, according to Copernicus
Two lights roughly 5 minutes apart about as bright as Mars or maybe Saturn
I need help using this telescope!
Why does the axial tilt & the rotation speed of Saturn & Jupiter vary so much?
How do I align my finder scope National Geographic 76/700 EQ
Kuiper belt planet formation
2017 Eclipse intersection with I-95
Missing piece in my telescope!
I saw something unusual in the sky
GEO and HEO images of Earth
Luminosity in polar regions
Why are ice giants not considered suitable for life?
How do I see the milky way?
What does a solar eclipse at 99% totality look like?
Why my simulation of eclipse 2017 is wrong!
Is any 3 body system known?
Practicing image processing and analysis
What are reliable resources for weather and all other atmospheric obstructions?
When it was discovered that the classical planet are not stars?
Is the sun any brighter during a solar eclipse
Does anyone knows the origin of the Maunder Minimum and Dalton minimum?
If someone was above the galaxy, how much of it can he see?
Please help explain this unknown light in the sky. Not ISS. Not a star or comet. Too slow
Stuck with SDSS data
What is the extent of the "worldwide campaign" to observe near-earth object 2012 TC4?
What do "star noise" and "sky noise" refer to for TESS (Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite)?
Can you test solar eclipse glasses with a remote control?
How can I tell if my solar glasses are up to ISO standards?
How big is nebula dust?
Stars orbiting supermassive black holes
Possible to make a cheap reflective objective lens with a mirror?
Why is the Moon smooth near the equator and bumpy near the poles?
Do other G-type stars follow an 11-year cycle of activity?
Which focus point does the sun occupy for each planet?
finding Dec and R.A of a star by having Dec and R.A of another star
Does Earth illuminate the unlit part of the Moon as
Will I be able to see the "Beads of Baily" at 99%+ totality?
Can I see Uranus and Neptune with a household telescope?
Will you be able to see the corona in a 90%+ partial eclipse?
Where can I still find solar film?
Might someone see changes to the corona during a solar eclipse?
Why does the cloud of Orion Nebula appear more distinct when I am not directly looking at it?
Why does the path of the moon in an eclipse curve (relative to the sun)
Based on the smallest number of photons that can deliver information about a star, what is the largest size of the universe?
How much does cloud cover affect viewing the total eclipse
How many wandering black holes are there in the milky way?
Is there something wrong about the gravity formula?
Is it safe to view a solar eclipse with eyeglasses along with eclipse glasses?
How large does refraction become in radioastronomy?
2017 solar eclipse report
Retrofitting a DSLR camera to a super-cheap Tasco reflector telescope
Can Astronauts Aboard ISS See the Shadow of The Moon on The Earth During an Eclipse?
Eclipse Visible Light Not Dark as Expected
How much of the sun needs to be blocked in order to see a noticeable drop in brightness
At what distance would it be safe for humans to stare at the sun?
Why didn't it seem darker outside with 66% of the sun covered by the moon?
Why is it okay to watch a sunset but not an eclipse?
Does the sky darken proportionally during a partial solar eclipse?
Why do some solar eclipses' umbra cross arctic/antarctic regions?
Bad seeing on a clear night?
Getting Solar Noon from Sunset and Sunrise
Why are nearby stars like Proxima Centauri and Barnard's star not visible to the naked eye?
Redshift observation at different wave length
On the day of total solar eclipse why was early sunrise observed in India?
How wary should I be of old cosmology books?
Long term temperature effects of an eclipse
Why don't multiple eclipses happen over the course of a few days?
How to tell between annular and total eclipse (directly)?
How to know that the 21cm Hydrogen line is the actual emission and not any other redshifted line?
How do you determine the apparent magnitude of the stars leaving main sequence with CMD diagrams?
On the Equator, why are the shortest shadows seen at 11:32, and not at Noon?
What is the closest heavenly body to our solar system
Measuring declination in negative hours of arc?
Laser Colimator vs Cheshire eyepiece
When and where are Pluto and Neptune closest to each other?
Why does exoplanets' naming start from "b" and not from "a"?
Gas giants and seismology
Is it possible to throw a camera attached to a rope within the event-horizon of a black hole and then pull it back in?
Do anti-particle black hole exist and can they evaporate?
Laser Collimator producing oval not circle on the Primary
Planets sidereal periods
What prevents consequent eclipses?
Group of satellite like objects moving through the sky in a formation
How are the days relating to right ascension around a polar star chart decided?
What is the difference between Terrestrial Time (TT) and International Atomic Time (TAI)?
Does the Giant Impact Hypothesis explain how the Moon circularized its orbit?
Stopping down a telescope to reduce brightness by 5 magnitudes
Are wormholes even possible?
Dark enough to see stars during total solar eclipse?
Why do we we even exist?
What are evidences of stationarity of rotation of galaxies
"Turn on point" for fusion?
Why is it not always light?
Is it coincident that all planets with tight orbit are tidally locked to their parent body?
What's the name of outside the cosmic horizon?
What is the condition for the number density of a gas to be ultra-relativistic or non-relativistic and degenerate or ideal
I too saw a star like object moving across the sky it appeared to be a star moving!
Primordial supermassive black holes. How old are they?
Generate an uniform distribution on the sky
Is there an example of a star that is already dead, but can still be seen on Earth?
A simple question about Saha Equation
Estimating the Rate at which Moon is Moving Away from the Earth
calculate sunset in flight
Moments of inertia of planets
How is the bar formed in a Barred-Spiral galaxy?
Why did the moon have a distinct reddish edge tonight?
Exactly how does Canis Minor look like a dog?
is this really true that speed of light is same as we look from different parts of universe?
Why are rocky and small planets nearer to the Sun whereas big, gas giants are farther?
How precise are the observational measurements for the speed of gravity?
Does the Sun have any atmosphere?
Why was the (small) Hubble better able to find KBO targets for New Horizons than large adaptive optics ground telescopes?
Is this the Florence asteroid?
How to reduce star trailing when taking long exposure photographs?
What wavelengths are used to search for distant solar system objects like KBOs and Oort cloud members?
If an asteroid was to collide with Earth, how much warning would we have?
what is the dimension of Black Hole?
How to Find the Viewing Size of a Star
nodal precession: earth's orbit of sun
What would be the required conditions for a lunar eclipse to occur only once on a precise annual basis?
What is the physical geometry of this apparent "eclipse" of a tiny moon of Asteroid Florence?
How does dark SMBH evaporate?
Blinking Star-Like object in the sky? What could it be?
What if a white dwarf is less massive than her partner?
why there is a circle of light surrounding Sun and Moon?
Is it possible for galaxy clusters to interact?
Weird Blob near Polaris?
How difficult is adaptive optics computationally?
Question about number density of electrons
If the moon's orbit decays- how would it effect the moon's phases?
How did the object CO-0.40-0.22 get its name, and how is it distinct from CO-0.40-0.22*?
Is there any cosmological evidence that neutrinos travel at a speed other than c?
Can an asteroid have rings?
Meaning of critical density in radiative transfer
Use of kugelblitz to delay heat death
What kind of a visual trajectory would an asteroid have if it were to hit Earth?
Question about finding energy density of a fermionic-bosonic gas
How to photograph Saturn
A real light source, or an artifact?
What are the chances of a star colliding with another during a galactic collision?
What specific parts of the Milky Way do we see when we look up?
Why weren't Lunar meteorites identified until 1982?
What is the acceleration for the expansion of the Universe?
Could the expansion of universe be a side effect of gravity?
What happens if a white dwarf collides with a star like our sun or a red dwarf?
What will be the impacts on the planets' orbits from Gliese 710?
Mountains on the moon during solar eclipse?
Does wavelength affect redshift caused by the metric expansion of space?
Can I find exoplanets without a telescope?
whose gravitational pull is more stronger , Neutron Star or Black hole?
Can the moon turn red even without an eclipse?
How far is the nearest black hole from our solar system? Is there an official list?
Why does Neptune only have one major moon?
Collimating with a home-made collimation cap
What is the 2D elliptical projection of the Celestial Sphere called, and how can I make one?
What is the physics of the "spinning dust" contribution to Cosmic Microwave Background measurements?
Do novas create a nebula? Could a planet survive if its star exploded in a nova?
Distance from W(West) to vernal equinox
How do we have photos of galaxies so far away?
Does space not make sound, or can we just not hear it?
Who first observed another planet rotating?
Is the expected time for a star in an elliptical galaxy to collide with another star less than the average age of elliptical galaxies?
A "tidally locked" double planet?
where to obtain ephemeris data for geodesy satellites?
Does the Milky Way move through space?
Can we, with arbitrary precision, calculate what's the place on earth that's closest to the sun on a given day?
The photos of the outer space
Is the age of the universe relative to an observer's location in that universe?
How to calculate the integrated source flux density of a continuous source?
Does Absolute Velocity Exist?
Are there any mirrors in space?
Parent stars of our Sun - Where are its remains?
If you lived on the far side of the Moon, how could you infer the existence of Earth?
Neutron star, aging proccess
How bright would Alpha Centauri appear (in apparent Magnitude) if it were 1 light year away?
Get visible galactic longitudes in astropy
Why do stars born in cluster finally drive away from each other
What contributes the most to the seasonal temperature variation?
Would a comet break up during a close pass of the Earth
If universe is expanding why is the distance between planets not increasing?
Is a perfectly circular orbit possible?
Are the darker blue/black areas in this picture what the atmosphere of Jupiter looks like without clouds?
UFO or something else?
Jupiter/Saturn's fate after Sun goes red giant and planetary nebula?
Can CME destroy planetary rings?
What would people on Earth see during a close comet pass?
Would a direct hit by a small comet be catastrophic?
Why is Chandrasekar Limit expressed relative to Sun?
Will the detection of colliding neutron stars by LIGO help answer the question of where heavy elements came form?
What should I read next after Neil deGrasse Tysons "Astrophysics for people in a hurry"?
Does gravity repel when dark energy is involved?
Whats the farthest distance a spacecraft has been detected (except by radio)
Why doesn't the Sun explode?
Do neutron stars shine?
Saturn observation : how to calculate requirements for Parallax method
Why is right ascension measured on a 24 hour scale rather than a 23 hours and 56 minutes scale?
How to calculate true equinox position?
Where can I find a visible star dataset?
What is the oldest known prediction of constellation positions?
Why not use only one support vane for the secondary mirror, to avoid multiple diffraction spikes?
View of moon from South Pole?
Problems with FITS headers
Can we actually predict an asteroid impact?
How does a planet lose mass to its host star?
Milky Way, view outward or inward?
What causes the raise of temperature in the outer layer of a red giant when the core gets contracted?
When the Moon formed and early on, did it orbit over the Earth's equator?
Is there a term for a horizontal moon crescent
Is there a computer simulation that anyone knows of that describes the loss of a moon as it's orbit extends beyond the Hill Sphere of the planet?
Knowing time any where and any when
Finding Asteroid Geocentric Longitude and Latitude
Where does the CO2 in Mars atmosphere come from?
How did Earth get here before gravitational waves?
What would it feel like to be orbiting near a merging black hole?
Do the heliospheres of stars at the center of globular clusters interact?
Would the heliosphere disappears if our sun becomes a white dwarf?
Will universe's lakes get boiled by the CMBR?
Could binary gas giants have ring and moon systems?
Could a moon orbit two planets at once?
The consequences and the mechanisms of a shift of the Earth away from the sun
Can I pick up alien radio signals from my backyard?
pp-Chain reactions involving $^{3}_{2}He$ - differences in S-factor
Is an expanding universe equivalent to a universe in which everything is shrinking?
How to deal with the celestial meridian?
If two binary brown dwarfs began to exchange gas with each other, would they both ignite into stars?
How large was Mercury before it shrunk?
Why is NEOWISE used for galactic observation?
Binaries consisting of a black hole and a non-black hole?
Why is Enceladus the only geologically active moon among its neighbours?
Eclipses with SkyField
Find a planet with incomplete information of a star chart
Why the moon is blinding me right now?
Could a dwarf galaxy host a star at the center instead of a SMBH?
How long can afterglow last after a fireball?
How did the lighter elements end up in the center of the solar system? Solar System Formation
A [very basic?] question about light scattering and colors
Is it relevant to ask the limits of space?
Maximum distance light can travel?
How to find if a set of objects lies within a given resolution (5 arcsec) on a telescope?
Moon trip in 1969 and temperature
Galactic revolutions relative to the age of the universe
Can we peek into a black hole with magnetic waves?
Collision with Andromeda Galaxy
Reshaping black holes to "push" the event horizon
Singularity in Black holes?
What can the total stellar mass of galaxies tell us?
Why isn't interstellar medium pulled in towards nearest massive object?
If you looked at Earth while travelling at relativistic speeds, will you see sped-up activities?
What keeps Chthonian planets so dense?
What's the color of Upsilon Scorpii?
Astrodynamic Canonical Units
What explains this puzzling radio signature from a fireball?
How is the total mass of all the Solar System's small asteroids and meteoroids estimated?
Does the Sun have permanent geographical features?
How can the universe be expanding faster than speed of light?
Explaining gravity assist to a 6-year old
Is the eccentricity of a planets orbit relevant to finding whether the distance between said planet and its host star determines seasons?
Star map, where?
Planet orbit circumbinary planet
Can the shape and fluctuations of the heliopause be attributed to specific nearby stars and clusters?
At each stage and during each transition of the Sun, is there a region the Earth could theoretically orbit and support life?
Photometry data from Gaia
Could a binary system of two planets with oceans reflect each other?
What would be the result if an asteroid collides with a space station?
Do boxy bulges indicate barred spirals?
Why stars are shown as crosses in some Hubble images?
Seeing units, arcsec VS cm
Why is the discovery of merging neutron stars important?
Are binary neutron star mergers needed to explain the abundance of gold?
Viewing "Diamond Fuji"
What is the detection threshold of gravitational waves for LIGO?
Which atom is a Neutron star made of?
Energy Source for Gamma Rays from Merging Neutron Stars
Can Drizzle Integration increase resolution beyond theoretical resolution of telescope?
Is a kilonova bigger than a supernova?
"Who saw" the binary neutron star merger first? What was the sequence of events? (GRB/GW170817)
How much does the orbit of Mars deviate when it is in linear conjunction with Jupiter and Saturn?
Could a pulsar in orbit around a black hole feed the black hole with its radiation?
Do mixed type remnant collisions produce anything interesting?
Can a Neutron Star become charged?
Does a kilonova leave a high mass remnant?
spin–orbit resonance, between moon and the earth
Did the scientists really observed gold and platinum being created from kilonova?
Why is neutron star a star?
What happens to organic material in space
Neutron stars and distribution of heavy elements
Would 2 stars in binary star formation with same mass and no velocity collide into each other?
Circular velocity in axisymmetrici potential
Sunspot heliograph to generate random numbers for bitcoins?
Solar visible light spectrum
Planets visible at night
Is the three-body system "unique"?
Tracking a heliographic coordinate on CCD
Is there such a thing as a black dwarf
Identifying cataclysmic stellar phenomena
Relationship between precession and dating ancient alignments
If I want to learn about astrophysics, should I study up on mathematics?
Is it thought that the majority of Earth size or larger terrrestrial planets have retained most of their original atmospheres?
Can space-time expansion destroy light?
Any method to apply inverse TPoint model?
How (the heck) was this photo of Venus at inferior conjunction (between us and the Sun) taken?
Is there a Free repository of pictures taken everyday of the night sky?
What's the brightness of Alpha Centauri from Proxima Centauri?
What documented comet has/had the highest specific orbital energy?
Which physical quantity is the real/definitive tracer of galaxy evolution?
Can two detectors for gravitational waves be combined into a very long baseline interferometer?
Season cycle < Year?
Confusing satellite-like object seen in night sky
Does the sun blow a bubble into the interstellar medium?
Metals and dust locked into planets
What are the experimental limits to the residual charge of the Sun?
What is this rapidly twinkling red, blue, and white star I saw?
What is beyond the observable universe?
What will the universe be like in a googolplex years time?
How is the redshift of starlight precisely measured?
How do you convert an observed magnitude to a flux?
How much could Earth's orbit shift without causing an ecological catastrophe?
Assume that a star has a uniform mass density. Then how does the temperature scale as a function of the distance to the center?
Units of integrated flux density (irradiance) along longitudes
Maximum disturbance to space time of gravitational waves, and will this affect humans?
Calculate NEO object position with nasa Near Earth Object data
What is a probability of a particle launched from earth hitting any object in the universe?
What if we are looking for the wrong signs of life on other planets?
Is this photocomposition of Andromeda's galaxy and the Moon accurate?
Is it possible that a satellite creates a forever eclipse?
What does the active area on a typical CCD based detector look like?
Software for simulating a night sky
How big can a rocky planet get?
Do elliptical galaxies look similar to globular clusters?
Trying to categorize moon phase using fraction illuminated
Specific word for the point of the terrestrial surface "under" a star or other object in the sky
What happens to the momentum of a star as its mass is converted to energy?
Whats the name of this eye-shaped galaxy?
Delay between neutrino pulse and visible flash of supernova
Why do we only see the clouds directly infront of the moon glow from moon light?
Is there any planet out there which is half gaseous and half rocky ? is this possible?
Why is there no hurricane on the Sun?
Why isn't the day backwards between leap years?
Is the Alpha Centauri star system moving closer to us?
How to choose portable, yet powerful telescope
Can an infinite universe explain the Fermi Paradox?
Since when are we able to discover interstellar objects similar to 1I/ʻOumuamua?
What kind of reddish wood is it exactly that was historically used to line the inside of observatory cupolas (domes), in order to absorb moisture?
What EM spectrum can stars be most cheaply observed using Remote Sensing during the day?
The size of the radius of the event horizon of a black hole created by the merger of a black hole binary system
When will the next series of mutual eclipses of Jupiter's moons begin?
Are electrons and positrons equal in cosmic rays?
Why doesn't the Earth's rotation throw us off the surface?
What's the distance between Venus and Jupiter?
Strong Gravitational Lensing Dataset
Are there more stars in the universe than grains of sand in the Earth?
Source for Identification of Balmer Hydrogen Absorption Lines
How can we ge to the exoplanet Proxima b?
Would Bussard Ramjets work in other places in or near the galaxy?
what would a captured planet do if it was in a retrograde orbit?
When did astronomy first discover that the stars are bigger than the moon?
Why Can’t we make a star
Is there any data source for the rotational axes of bodies in the solar system?
Will I be able to see the Leonid Meteor Shower during mid night?
Dark matter emitting EM radiations beyond our currently known spectrum?
Meteor shower predicted to be best viewed BEFORE midnight (for reasons other than the moon)?
Astronomical ABCD...!
Does there exist any of open database or service with ALL discovered stars and their parameters?
Device used to measure stellar radii
Did Tycho Brahe improve measurements twentyfold?
Calculating Air Mass at Zenith for observing sites above sea level?
Relation between molecular cloud mass and galactic mass
Studies on planets without parent star
Telescope selection for concrete uses
How much time does it take for a meteor (shooting star) to touch the ground after its combustion?
Potential formation mechanisms of the interstellar asteroid 'Oumuamua
Could asteroid 'Oumuamua actually be round?
Mechanics of Supernovae
Converting FITS (NuSTAR) coordinates to WCS
Did interstellar asteroid Oumuamua pass near other stars?
Could we detect if Oumuamua asteroid wasn't an asteroid?
Do comets have a limited number of orbits?
false to stable vacuum transition
Bright, brief light in sky this morning (daytime) - satellite flare?
Where are heavier elements than iron produced?
Why is the difference between Apollo and Aten asteroids considered meaningful?
How do comets and other solar system bodies gain energy to exit the solar system?
what magnification is required to see jupiter, saturn, venus and mars with a 50mm refractor scope with f/12 ratio and 600mm focal lenth
Extragalactic Magnetic Fields - General Information That I'm Missing
How well can the Sun's surface be resolved by an observatory?
Black holes at the center of galaxies
Why is Sagittarius A* called so?
How to visually tell the difference between a planetary nebula and a supernova remnant?
How are telescopes protected from blinding light and satellite glares?
Why nobody cares to give the nearest stars better names?
What size objects can be created from collision of two asteroids?
Does New Moon Affect Stargazing After MoonSet?
Will we be able to see our galaxy if we travel far enough?
What defines stationary vs spinning in space?
At which winter hour is sun in zenith in DST?
How do we define temperature in outer space?
Question regarding the path of sun crossing zenith before the summer solstice
Why do I need to know about moonphase?
Can one approximate the semi-major axis of an orbit as the average orbital distance for eccentric orbits?
Is there any explanation for astrology?
Why most planets don't spin retrograde?
Do lower mass stars consume more hydrogen than higher mass stars?
Is the universe eternal?
Is diffuse energy distribution considered in the galaxy rotation curve explanations?
If Earth had rings, how long would it take for the rings to loose orbit?
When would Oumuamua have entered the solar system?
What ever happened to the "Small Comet Theory" of water influx on present-day Earth?
Rotation of the Earth about its own axis
pH of meteorite
Why are planetary orbits not all circular?
Does Flat Universe mean even distribution?
Canvas and bowling ball
Can you identify a star's 'signature' from its spectroscopy?
Why do telescopes use hexagonal mirror pieces instead of pie slice shaped ones?
How entropy increases over time
Spectroscopy of Exoplanets
How does inflation justify the nonexistence of magnetic monopoles?
How to to compute the expected number of collisions between stars when Milkyway and Andromeda merged?
How does the ESPRESSO Echelle spectrograph fold the spectrum so nicely?
How are the ESPRESSO Echelle spectrograph's calibration "lines" produced?
Is this a real photo or an art work?
Would a future hole in the Cosmic Microwave Background show us the edge of the universe?
Why bother looking for Earth-like planets?
How close to a brown dwarf would a planet need to be to receive as much light as Earth?
Time travel in past and future
How can a singularity rotate?
Where can we find astronomical real world data (spectral radiance and wavelength particularly) of a star?
How the observed deuterium abundance constrains big bang nucleosynthesis?
Was the whole Universe close to Big Bang very small, or just very dense?
can you translate a GPS coordinate to a Galactic coordinate
How was the galactic plane established?
What is the official term for a relationship between a planet and its moons?
How was Jupiter formed
How can I interpolate 2 orbits
Could life survive on a planet orbiting a neutron star?
Star formation rate question
Has the Milky Way collided with another galaxy?
Eventual outcome of tidal acceleration and deceleration
How do we calculate the image circle of a telescope at prime focus?
What should I improve my telescope kit to see more details of Moon?
what does it mean of different eyepieces?
Can we measure comets in a similar way to exoplanets?
Will all of the gas in the universe be converted into red dwarf stars?
Just how "locked" are resonant-chains of exoplanets thought to be?
Occultations of Triton
How often do comet occultations of stars happen?
How is the Milky Way on a collision course with Andromeda when the universe is expanding?
How small a location is possible to identify when any visible star is at its zenith directly above?
how to connect two eyepieces together with the x3 Barlow lens
What is a "limited array"?
Would there be any difference for our solarsystem to be not in the Milky Way?
Finding the number of stars n light-years from the sun
What's the rationale behind the false colours in solar observation photographs?
Finding individual band magnitudes: Why and how is the integration of individual flux values for each wavelength used?
How to calculate when Mars was in retrograde around 129 BCE?
Are stars beyond the asteroid belt less constant?
How did Ptolemy prove in the following excerpt that the Earth is not cylindrical?
How does Ptolemy prove in the following excerpt that the Earth could not be outside of the axis spanning between the poles of the celestial sphere
Would blocking sunlight on Venus help make it habitable?
Gravitational attraction of Sun on distant object
If two white dwarfs collided, would they become a star?
Is there a complete edition of the Cambridge Catalogue of Radio Sources (esp. 3C) available digitally?
IAU rotation model
Terrestrial Exoplanet Skies – I've Built a Visual Sky Chart. Is it Accurate?
What is the name of a device for detecting moving objects?
What is the abbreviation for solar time, hour angle of the sun?
If I look beyond (about same region, higher redshift) a galaxy, will I see its progenitors?
Does habitable zone take tidally locked bodies into account?
Why do Black Holes in the middle of galaxies not suck up the whole galaxy?
What is convection overturn?
How close to Earth were the asteroids moving through this Hubble composite image?
Is Oumuamua tumbling?
Change In Direction of Asteroid Approaching Sun
Nature and mechanism of the short-term variability in radio strength of Sgr A*?
What should be the declination of a star to be marginally circumpolar given the latitude & height from ground?
Critical density of the universe (no, not that one)?
Is there a physical limit to how far we can go?
Is it correct to assume that the relationship between an objects mass and size, is what decides if it’s a black hole or not?
Computing the average hours of sunshine at given location&orientation
Is the shortest day duration constant?
Behaviour of black holes
How is dark matter different from ordinary (visible) matter?
Star map - finding stars
Stellar electromagnetic signatures
How would tidal effects behave in this setup: An icy moon orbiting a gas giant, as the gas giant orbits a red dwarf?
Are there clouds/clusters of gas in space that have red and blue color adjescent to one another?
Is there any phenomenon where a supernova doesn't anything leave behind?
How could the universe be a few light years across just 1 second after the big bang?
Is it possible for a moon to only be out at night?
What are the raisons d'être for the Large Binocular Telescope "binocularity"?
Stars in multiple constellations
How do we know how fast the surface of a neutron star is rotating?
How big is the Andromeda galaxy in the night sky?
Telescope light gathering power and resolution
Finding hour angle, altitude
Is there a maximum size for a black hole?
Can Liquid Water exist on Mars?
How bright would it be on the "face" of Titan
Am I seeing the constellation Orion?
Need help understanding stellar spectroscopy data from ESO
Moon looks too small in 3D model
Altitude of Midnight Satellite?
Why does the moon not leave its orbit around the earth due to the gravitational force from the sun?
Interstellar bodies
Does a set moon sky equal a new moon sky?
Finding a location geographically of a celestial object, in this case the moon at one of its quarters
How long does it take the center of the Earth to complete a full orbit?
Error propagation methods for orbit parameters
Observed lunar distance data?
If we could travel far enough would we be able to see a constelation in reverse?
What can we expect to see with a telescope with a 70mm aperture and a 10mm eyepiece?
What a grating on GAIA RVS spectroscope?
Expression for length of sunrise/sunset as function of latitude and day-of-year
If the Earth is rotating counter clockwise, how does the sun rise from east?
Creating planispheres from the perspective of nearby objects
What is the science behind the polar light shapes
Can we create neutron star by pressing earth? Or other objects?
Using setting circle for Right Ascension
Difference in Ephemerides Position:- PlanEph 4.2 (VSOP87) vs JPL Horizons (DE431)
How many stars are between Milky way and Andromeda?
Star revolving a star
Items at the Event Horizon vs. colliding Black Holes
What is a stellar laser or stellaser?
What should I expect to see with my telescope with what EP's?
calculating paralax angle from observations
Determination of High-Accuracy Distances of Terrestrial Planets from the Sun
Planetary observations: what to expect from the Powerseeker 50AZ?
What is known about the angular momentum distribution within galaxy clusters?
How to determine age of an old galaxy
Need advice on mirror-making for a home-made amateur reflector
What would theoretically be dissolved in the interior oceans of icy moons and planets?
Explain to a 4-year old why people below the equator are not tilted or suspended upside down
Distance between stars Epsilon Eridani and Tau Ceti?
Will time that moon crosses meridian always be periodic?
How can I calculate how far through the day the prime meridian is of different planets
Guess inclination angle from radial velocity measurements
If one galaxy were to collide with another, what would it look like to an immortal inhabitant of one of their planets?
Sun's position on summer solstice
Predicting Temperature Variation on Planets with High Eccentricity or Long Diurnal Periods
What are the best places near Kennedy Space Center to watch a night launch?
Is it possible to model a solar thermal concentrator using Zernike polynomials?
What's that ring that only now appears in black hole illustrations?
Is spacetime hyperbolic?
Is the American Astronomical Society 230 years old?
What does Ptolemy mean by "a line drawn from the centre of the earth through the centre of the moon to a point on the ecliptic"
Is it fruitful to search for a correlation between rates of in-falling matter in black holes and the expansion rate of our universe?
Do changes in the orbit of the Earth contribute to global warming
Is it possible for any of the planets in the TRAPPIST-1 system to have moons?
Convert a Decimal into RA or Dec
Modern Astrophysics
Which moon has a scar as if it was torn in half and put back together?
Solar system data API?
How do you find the positions of celestial objects in the sky?
Universe becoming finite
In galaxy optical spectra, why are Hbeta and Hdelta sometimes absorption lines?
Celestial Coordinates
What if Jupiter and other gas planets suddenly disappear?
Who first used two lambdas to typeset the wavelengths of a spectra line doublet?
Black holes and super massive black holes
do rockets follow a straight path but is looks curved because of space time?
JPL Horizons - how to format TLIST input times for Email query?
How large could a second moon of Earth be?
Bousso bound within particle horizon, discrete Q.field theory
Theoretical sudden appearance of a black hole in BBC drama show *spoiler warning*
Is it possible that quasars are not powered by black holes but some other kind of compact, massive object?
If the earth was not tilted, what would be the north star?
How much gold is there in our sun?
How to calculate the maximum and minimum solar azimuth at a given location?
Can we see the stars at the edge of the Milkyway?
How do we measure the mass of a star?
Supernova in Hertzsprung–Russell diagram
Orbit of Mercury
Oort cloud shape
How do I determine the velocity of Pluto at aphelion and perihelion?
How do I measure occultation for the upcoming lunar eclipse?
What is this antenna on the ISS?
minimum size for a black hole to capture a photon
Is Earth losing orbit?
How do I adjust the sunrise equation to account for elevation?
What would happen if we released water into deep space?
Speed of light in a black hole
snapshot of solar system
Distance from the sun can equal a hospitable planet?
Extra-solar identification of binary planets
A moving star at 6pm (Indonesia Time)
Measuring the size and the geometry of Universe
Can my Sky Watcher Infinity 76P "make the sky bright" & do I want it to?
Globular Cluster diameter
Can the shedding of radiation of stars contribute to the red-shift of the universe?
Declination calculation
Is it possible for two stars to be in a horseshoe orbit around a much larger star?
Why is the Earth-Moon distance not the same at each perigee/apogee?
How to fix a Direction in the context of universe?
when are you able to see Halley's comet, and for how long?
Sun Zenith angle and location on earth
Is there any way to tell which way is the next universe?
Why does gravity make everything round?
Hawking Radiation
Creating a rectangular star map
How does the Moon look like from different latitudes of the Earth?
total energy and apparent bolometric magnitude
Did this paper just argue that there is surely life on Titan?
Type I delta-Cepheid star, calculation of apparent maginute and luminosity
Hazy patch with huge comet tail
What star is directly north of the suns north pole?
How to convert density from physical unit to comoving unit?
How do observational astronomers manage streaks and other artifacts from objects in Earth Orbit?
How can I contribute to the scientific community using my telescope?
What is the limiting abundances of elements at the end of the stelliferous era?
Doubt about star formation
Aaditya L1 mission ISRO
Do unattached objects contribute to a planet's gravity?
Is the James Webb telescope going to orbit around the earth?
Maximum distance for earth eclipse
Thinking of buying a new telescope. What aspects should be considered?
What is the cosmic mean density?
Apparent size of the super blue blood moon
Do the gases in the Earth's atmosphere affect the color of a lunar eclipse?
BIg Bang Happened everywhere
Could the dinosaurs have seen the asteroid that killed them?
Comparing Light Collection Between Pupil and Telescope?
Telescope and its construction
Relation between intensity of Sun and the light that is emitted from surface of sun
Spotted a moving star-like object
Temperature of Earth if tidal locked with the Sun?
Location of the milky way in August in Death Valley
Webcam set up small circle tunnel vision type view
Why is Earth a sphere?
Parallax and luminosity question about Arcturus, compared to terrestrial light?
What is the inclination of Mercury's orbit w.r.t. the Sun's equatorial plane?
If the Universe is Flat, why does it look 3D from our View?
To what extent do the spin of smaller celestial bodies reflect the spin of the larger system’s of which they are a part?
Does Uranus have a stronger gravitational pull on its moons than Earth does?
Can I build a telescope with a lens from a CD-ROM as eyepiece?
Is the Milky Way seen as how it looked millions of years ago?
Local Sidereal Time
When will the next 'Super Blue Blood Moon' occur?
Which quantum reality will be seen in a far away galaxy
Replacing Meade ETX with computerized mount
Dark matter virtual objects hypothesis
How does an Echelle spectrograph put such a long, high resolution spectrum into a square-ish format?
Detecting the Chicxulub impactor, right now
Need help understanding the recent observation of extra-galactic planets!
Which quantum reality will be seen in a future Earth
How to name planets outside our galaxy?
Jupiter vs brown dwarf star
Green objects in Hubble Ultra Deep Field
How big are the rocky/icy cores of Jovian planets?
Why do stars twinkle but the Sun doesn't (I'm asking this because the Sun is also a star)
Calculating Local Sidereal Time
How do sunspots move seen from the side?
What is the light that we see from a neutron star come from?
How would latitude affect day/night lengths on a planet with no axial tilt?
Unidentified color changing object in sky
Is the Milky Way Galaxy predicted to collide with a neighboring galaxy?
Can I couple (connect) a Reflector telescope and a refractor telescopes together?
Solar Wind and Asteroid orbital behavior
Musk's Roadster is now Russell's Teapot?
Is Earth the most inclined or not?
Why stars are not visible in photos of Planets from space
How would one calculate the synodic period of the Earth and an elliptical orbit?
Might the SpaceX Roadster intercept any ongoing surveys?
How to mathematically describe a planet's eccentric orbit?
Thought experiment about our location in the Universe
Does anybody know how to get Sun-Jupiter Lagrangian points L4 and L5 RA and Dec?
Could pulsar navigation replace GPS
Farthest Orbit around the Earth?
Distance parallax and cosmological distance in universe in expansion
Could a contracting Universe create the redshift effect observed by Hubble?
Is there another habitable planet in our galaxy?
Binary Orbit around the Earth?
How is it ensured that a parabolic shape forms while polishing a telescope mirror?
Is Io a magic energy machine?
How might WFIRST help us better understand dark energy?
How can tidal heating lower Io's orbit?
What happens if one day aliens want to talk to us. How can we talk to them?
Would you expect this planet to be hotter or colder than earth?
What allows WFIRST to have similar resolution to Hubble over a 100x larger solid angle?
Why Helium could be produced in first minutes of big bang but not heavier elements
Stars magnitude
Is there a chance that UFOs could be messages from other planets?
Does the expansion of space imply an increase in the dimensional volume of objects?
Central temperature and pressure for constant density vs linear density model of stars
What will the last day of humanity look like?
Core collapse supernova vs Neutron Star
Gravitational eddies across the galaxy?
How would you relate the respective solar gravitational pulls of two planets?
Where might astrometric observations of the Roadster spacecraft be catalogued?
What would a terraformed Mars look like from Earth?
How to calculate luminosity in g-band from absolute AB magnitude and luminosity distance?
What would a black hole merger look like?
Creating an HR diagram from tabulated stellar data
Central temperature of a stellar model with combination of gas and degeneracy
Venusian polar surface temperatures
How does the size of a naked black hole effect its photon sphere?
Would a spacecraft just go "through" a gas giant?
Path of sun calculation using java
Movement of the stars relative to my position
How can I calculate solar intensity at Saturn
How much are Neptune's and Uranus' orbits perturbed by Pluto and other KBOs?
How does space time differ within a galaxy?
What is tilt anisoplanatism for Laser-guide-star usage in adaptive optic systems?
Singularity at the time of origins
Why is sun's photosphere a million times less dense than air at the surface of the Earth?
Can hot Jupiters cause solar flares?
Home telescope for viewing 2017 VR12
Why are tides high only on a full moon day?
How did Ole Christensen Romer measure the speed of light?
Do today's professional astronomers use earth rotation angle or sidereal time?
Focusing with Meade Audiostar
Does this amateur observation hold a record even including robotic searches for supernovae?
Are there currently any planned or proposed missions to measure the gravitational fields of other planets in our solar system?
How does space time differ between galaxies?
What do the acronyms in "AT 2017 gfo" mean?
Inconsistent online radius value for Proxima Centauri
Spectrum of star
Color changing celestial body near the moon
Can you simulate artificial gravity by using an electromagnetic field?
What spectral feature was used to confirm that S0-2 is "single and available"? What is Brγ?
How to prove to my friend that aliens have never visited earth
Which space telescope is the most distant?
Life in sufficiently hot rogue planets
Can Earth be spun like a magnet?
What are the lines in this Solar Cycle graph?
What does the word "compact" mean in astronomy/astrophysics?
Can I slice off a piece of the Sun?
Do other planets affect the Earth?
How is Phosphorus made in in stars?
Measuring misalignment between two positions on sky
What are these "nonstandard format" lines in Distant Artificial Satellites Observation circulars?
Why are the planets moving?
Which telescope to choose and some general questions
Finding the radius of a star in arcsec
What does "O I" mean in the context of detected molecules?
Early universe's first starlight (indirectly) detected for the first time, could it have been detectable with 1970's technology?
How did UV from the earliest stars 'alter the state of the 21 cm line' such that it shows up in CMB today?
What did the night sky look like 100,000 years ago?
Are red moons possible without eclipses or smoke from fires?
How close would the sun have to get to Earth for there to be severe consequences?
How do I calculate the hour angle of a planet's moon from a point on that planet's surface?
Is there a database for identifying the falling light I saw?
How was the time of equinox measured in ancient times?
Where can I find a database of elemental spectra?
Where to get rate of change for calculating ephemeris from JPL Horizons
Is there any habitable exoplanet close to Earth?
Why the Milky Way appears to be arching across the sky?
Information speed and our view of the cosmos
How often do partial solar eclipses of 90% of totality occur in same place?
What is the distance of the Earth's orbit around the Moon?
Are all impact craters circular?
Determining line ratios in planetary nebula
Does the Earth orbiting around the Earth-Moon barycenter cause a measurable centrifugal force?
2002 Planetary alignement
Gravity on a right rectangular prism?
Is it possible to calculate the focal length of a refactor I built?
Why is frequency different for gravitational waves coming from SMBHs vs small compact binaries?
What is a debris field called before it becomes a planetary ring?
It moved in a straight line with sparkling track.What could it be?
What are the periods of Saturn's rings?
Can BY Draconis variable stars sustain any form of complex life?
What might the surface of Jupiter's rocky core look like?
Why does Uranus and Neptune have more methane than Jupiter and Saturn?
Coordinates of known black holes in our Galaxy (Milky Way)
How to analyse Jovian signal received at 20.1 MHz using dual dipole antenna?
Is the flat earth cosmology scientifically justifiable today?
Mass-magnitude relation of evolved stars
How to trim CCD overscan and amplifier turn on/off regions
Can we extract power from quasars?
Could Hot Jupiter systems sustain Trojans?
What would the pressure and temperature of gas be, right above Jupiter's gas/liquid boundary?
Newtonian reflector collimation question
Gravastar Star With no Horizon with ultracompact and very density possible?
Is Venus visible throughout the night?
Moon inclination
planets are point like
Mercury mapping attempts before Mariner 10?
Has a “white hole” theory been advanced to explain anomalous star formation in Sagittarius A?
How far do we have to go to leave the galaxy?
Is it likely that intergalactic stars would still retain their planets?
Helium rain inside metallic hydrogen within Jupiter, conditions and experiments?
Use of type-I a supernovae as standard candle
How to get the zeropoint magnitude?
How could I determine what areas of the Milky Way will be visible?
Mars night sky -- Phobos and Deimos?
How can the information encoded in a boundary be changed in holographic principle?
How does the ITRS frame related to ECEF frame?
Does Hawking radiation in fact bring mass into the universe?
In my mid-forties, I believe I have seen Pluto for the first time with the naked eye
ECEF to ECI conversion
Is it "weird" that all disc galaxies rotate once every billion years?
Is there a term to describe all stars that are not neutron stars or white dwarfs?
Can a solar system exist where the second planet rotates fast, and the third planet is tidally locked to their star?
"Esperance" rock on Mars formed by erosion or weathering? or is there any rock on Mars not formed by erosion?
Is the shape of observable universe and shape of space same?
Given a star's ra, dec how can I compute one pair of lat, long and time where the star would be at zenith?
Why do pulsars turn "off" from rotation?
Roche limit - calculation with centrifugal forces
How Does IceCube Trace a Neutrino to its Source?
what happens when we keep going radially away from earth?
Estimates VOLUME of the ur-Supermassive Black Hole of this universe
Does Gold really come from Supernovas?
Can we detect a black hole's radiation?
Can light be trapped in orbit?
Could gravitational waves near merging black holes collapse to a black hole themselves?
Effect of the obliquity of the ecliptic / tilt of the Earth on the equation of time
WMAP beam profile
Sunlight intensity during a day
What is the difference between luminosity and absolute magnitude?
How significant are the recent results that Scholz’s Star has perturbed several observed hyperbolic objects?
Bright light in the sky, in the '90s, what could it have been?
Mass accumulation rate and orbit-time of earth
What if one teleportes to a star that is some light years away?
How can Earth-Sun Lagrange points L1 & L2 even be semi stable considering the moon?
Unsure how to obtain galactic roll?
If a black hole has a mass of a universe what will be the volume of it?
How to calculate declination of the Sun if its right ascension is known?
Convert Ecliptic to Galactic Coordinates
What's that limit, where we start to see infrared galaxies?
How is the entropy of a blackhole stored at its horizon?
Need help with telescope mount; stars have tails
Can a star eat a black hole?
South or North Celestial Pole
Brightest star in the Eastern sky 2017 in am
How many Supernovae have been Imaged in the Hubble Ultra-Deep Field?
Do black holes really exist?
How can I find out the maximum magnification of my telescope?
How can a red giant grow so big?
Is there any way to find out what sky surveys are *currently active?*
Would a tidally locked planet be always increasing in temperature?
A moonless night
In a planetary system close to the galactic core, would it be possible to see the supermassive black hole?
What does the angle between plane of earth's orbit and ecliptic vary between?
When does a star rise with the sun?
Why are the spherical and cartesian galactic coordinates in the ATNF Pulsar Catalogue different?
Do hypervelocity stars have Oort clouds?
Do the number of moons a planet has affect the speed of the planet's rotation?
Why does kerr black holes have a ring shaped singularity rather than point?
When the asteroid hit the earth 65 mya did the earth's gravity pull change? By how much?
How to convert from Cartesian J2000 coordinates to Cartesian Galactic coordinates?
creations after supernovas
The CNO cycle in first generation of stars
Great attractor is doing the big crunch?
Location of Big Bang
How to calculate the position to be to see ISS passing in front of the moon or the sun?
Why Helium-burning Stars are found in a Horizontal Branch?
What would happen to a polished marble statue left in space for a million years?
Generate probability skymap
Can a telescope detect a blackbody?
Is the Cosmos a super set of the Universe and any hypothetical multiverse(s)?
Why did the distribution of asteroids discovered in 2010 have a radial modulation?
What am I looking at?
How would one calculate the synodic period between 3 planets?
Spacing (2422 days) between solar eclipses - unrelated saros numbers
How well is Earth’s motion through the universe quantified?
Study astrophysics
What is main radiative mechanism in Gunn-Peterson effect?
What is the temperature under the surface of Mercury?
Theoretically what happens to a black hole that evaporates?
Flatness of celestial systems like galaxies and Solar System
Strange behaviour of black holes
Impact of inclined orbit satellite on a planet
Direction of Earth’s poles relative to the Sun’s movement around the Galaxy
Bright pulsating light
What is the spectral reflectance of starlight in a close binary?
What are six different methods to measure distances in Astronomy?
Brightest star visible from Italy and Argentina
Does the accelerating expansion of the Universe contradict Hubble's law?
What is the present day radius of the observable universe?
Does center of gravity of Solar system influence intensity of space rays reaching earth, space dust, speed of earth rotation?
Are black holes different sizes thanks to the different sized stars that created them?
Galaxy discovered lacking Dark Matter
Why does the Earth's orbital eccentricity oscillate with a period of about 100,000 years?
Is there a comfortable part of Venus's upper atmosphere?
What can a regular person use to view the stars?
What is equation of straight line for a ideal blackbody on the color color diagram?
Why is the track of the subgiant stage almost horizontal on the HR diagram?
Does the Milky Way belong to a Galaxy cluster
absorption line from the chromosphere
How old is the oldest light visible from Earth?
Axial wobble or binary star system
horseshoe orbits
What is the canonical method to calculate the surface brightness limit of a 2D image, e.g., in a 1 arcsec2 aperture?
Photographing Venus with a phone through a telescope
Why do we continue to find a discrepancy in the Hubble Constant?
About bigger resolution of telescopes
How old are Janus and Epimetheus?
What does this figure imply about the luminosity of pre-main-sequence stars?
Could diatom blooms affect albedo of an exoplanet?
Does Polaris have a trail in the sky timelapse?
Filling the Roche Lobe
1:1 resonance of two planets around a star in close proximity - approximate perturbative mathematical treatments?
What would happen if a star passed through the barycenter of two binary stars?
Information Paradox with Hawking's Radiation
How did TESS scientists choose which stars to observe at a "2 minute cadence" in each field?
What's the oldest possible age of the universe? (LCDM parameter range)
Is a supernova powerful enough to destroy the other star in a binary system?
Why is the main sequence often called 'zero age' main sequence?
Is there a possibility that a white dwarf can turn into a neutron star or a black hole?
How do I obtain the brightness of a star in the night sky?
Floating Masses in Gas Giants
My first pictures of Jupiter
Will the TESS telescope be much better than the Kepler telescope?
Is this an actual nebula or CGI?
How does the amount of dark matter in measured galaxies vary?
angle to the equator of the Sun on sky at a given time
What if a Black Hole passed through an Irregular type galaxy?
How did the authors of Surya Siddhanta find the diameters of other planets in the solar system?
Observing eclipsing binaries
Are we really seeing the asteroids from the past?
Tips for a beginer who wants to learn more about astronomy
"Ideal" primary thickness in a Dobson
How is IR spectroscopy used to determine the composition of asteroids?
So where are these measurements of galaxies moving faster than light?
Longitude of Perihelion at J2000?
Is the curvature of Mars visible from the top of Olympus Mons?
Detecting habitable planets
Direction of movement sun with respect to the NGP
Star formation around rotating black holes?
Is there an acceptable value for the absolute magnitude of horizontal branch stars?
Is hubble constant dependent on redshift?
Astrophotography: Is there a rule to the color mapping?
tiny diamonds in meteorite "signature of a long-lost planet": why come to Earth in 2008?
Asteroseismology; recordings of star vibrations duration and data availability?
Calculate eccentricity from apside altitudes?
Can Two Stars of One Same Type Orbit Each Other?
Scattered Intensity of Light vs Angles of Incidence and Emission
what should be the minimum magnification of the telescope to see properly the cloud(red spot) of jupiter?
What are the "lines" in a constellation or asterism called?
Good source for the relationship between absolute magnitude, diameter, and albedo?
How do we measure one complete orbit?
Correct relation between metallicity (z) and iron content ([Fe/H])
calculation of characteristic expansion time of the universe
How does a Solar Transit give more accurate determination of Earth-to-Sun distance?
Why does the Earth's axial tilt create an east-west variation in the analemma?
Meade LX200GPS electronic RA movement very slow
Does Universal Time really track mean solar time?
Are rogue planets ever born in isolation?
Sun's spectrum red shift
Best locations for large telescopes at high northern latitudes
Has the Hubble ever been pointed at earth?
How to compute the perihelion precession of Earth's orbit?
Names of specific galaxies in Hubble's XDF
A rough analytical expression for the Milky Way's radial mass distribution?
How is interstellar gas density mapped from GAIA data?
Is it possible for a solar flare in one star to influence the chances of a solar flare in another star?
Black Hole growth
Open cluster membership determination via parallaxes
Does the relative motion between planets other than Venus and Earth form shapes such as the Flower of Venus?
Which kernel does HORIZONS get the Geometric Albedo from?
Why isn't the Sun hollow?
Can a black hole undergo a Penrose process inside another black hole's ergosphere?
What's the difference of the oldest light and newest light?
New NEOs are found daily. Is there any evidence gravity is pulling them to a centralised location?
How many GAIA Data Release 2 files are there?
Jacobi vs tidal radius for star cluster
Fate of Jupiter when our sun dies
Place on Moon that always lit?
Understanding expected TESS data structure
Why is cosmological event horizon closer to us than the particle horizon?
Is star a necessary phase in black hole lifecycle?
Trisolar syzygy and it's effects on the planet
Very near GAIA DR2 sources - has Proxima Centauri been dethroned?
Photometric redshift
How to improve the quality of an image of the planets when taken through the eyepiece of a telescope with a dlsr camera
Amateur radioastronomy: dish suggestions
Need help in creating telescope
Help me identify a cluster
Any programme that shows actual planet information?
How to fit lorentzian to lyman alpha cross section?
We know what a nova is, but how?
How will planets behave in the night sky as seen by Mars colonists?
How far out can the sun keep celestial objects revolving?
When will the next transit of Earth be visible from Mars? Was the last one really on May 11, 1984?
keplers third law
SETI search for extraterrestrial life
App that shows what's passing in sky?
Is Diffraction of light observed in gravitational lensing/microlensing?
Are the planets in our solar system in free fall?
Implementation of formulae for Meeus for the Moon
Measurement uncertainty of the computed center of gravity from pixel image
Calculating obital velocity from radial velocity
How to calculate observer's latitude from declination and culmination of a star?
WOW! signal calculation of point source intensity
Why do we use solar filters instead of simply reducing aperture of the telescope?
Would things be exactly the same if the Sun was orbiting the Earth and the Earth was in the center of the Solar System?
Our Sun already a White dwarf?
Superluminous super nova output
How long after the Big Bang would CMB radiation have been between 273 and 373 K?
Different radio process band ranges
Is the age of the solar system equal to the age of meteorites?
What is the proper interpretation of a negative parallax?
How fast was the Earth spinning directly after the Moon formed?
Is the moon's revolution speed increasing or decreasing
How many (or percentage) satellites of Solar system planets have their orbits synchronized like the Moon (always facing earth)?
Communication for far away satellites
How can a rotation period of a planet's satellite/moon be "chaotic" (like Hyperion around Saturn)?
Locating a star cluster on a Hertzsprung-Russell diagram with other color index
What makes an exoplanet to orbit around its star backwards?And why did we consider our orbital movement to be forward?
Portion of universe visible if gathering image from inflationary epoch
Which direction do the constellation revolve in?
Energy loss from Doppler effect
Redshifting restframe SED
Black Dwarf Capabilities
Is there any difference among exoplanets in composition due to host star?
What is difference between horizon and comoving distances?
Is it possible to image a meteor so the rock is visible?
What would cause large jumps in brightness during a solar eclipse?
location of the sun on the celestial sphere
H-R diagram, Double stars
Gaia Gbp - Grp: why does it get larger as star gets redder?
Computation of mean sidereal time at Greenwich using solar position algorithm
How much do starlight and artificial light illuminate the Moon?
Why planets and stars are always round/oval in size?
What is period doubling in a variable star?
Helium discovered on an exo planet
Why oddly shaped constellation areas?
Ideal conditions for life
Given sunrise, noon, sunset, longitude and latitude can I calculate the "hight" or "ascension" of the sun?
How to become an astonomer?
Why are Mars northern/southern hemisphere altitudes so different?
Ancient greeks know about leap day?
How to calculate the various properties of a star?
Does the focus of terrestial telecopes need adjustment for the distance of astronomical objects?
Does anybody know date of publishing of following spirit rover image in NASA apod?
Obtain IR diffuse data from WISE
Why is the color of the moon so similar to the clouds?
Relation between angular resolution and aperture?
Where do gas giants end up?
GW from merging of neutron stars and black holes
Are harmonic relationships among the rotation periods of the planets well known? Are they factors in other planetary phenomena?
Is there a significant temperature difference on the moon from apogee to perigee or vice-versa?
Apart from Io, will any Galilean moons have oceans and land if their ice melts
How to understand Kepler telescope under large aspherical wavefront
Approximate conversion of redshift 'z' to a time and/or distance, when reading papers?
How can the temperature of stars can be determined by their color?
How can you estimate distance of an object by its redshift?
Telluric Interference data
How was the distance from the Earth to the Sun determined
Position of specific stars in the sky as a function of time
Math behind a uv plot in interferometry?
Hypothetically, would we be able to see the moon from Saturn's North Pole?
What would the CMB look like somewhere else in the universe?
Who discovered the relation between CMB fluctuations and large-scale structure formation?
When black holes forms out of a supernova do they have a very high velocity?
Why black holes are extremely cold?
Account for radiation energy in the statement "total energy of universe is zero"
Tests for code that computes two-point correlation function of galaxies
What will happen to the shape of a galaxy when a super massive black hole lying in its center dies(evaporates out)?
Why do neutron stars collide instead of just revolving around each other like planets revolve around the Sun?
Hypothetically, if the sun stays the same size forever, when will the Earth fall into it?
Could planets explode in space?
How to calculate the altitude of the Celestial Equator from an observer's latitude? Exam question
Would LIGO Detect Head-On Collision?
Relationship between galactic rotation and stellar lifetime
Physical measurements and celerity of black hole mergers?
What are the apparent visual magnitudes of Spica A and Spica B?
Looking for a Dwarf Galaxy < 500 L.y. in Diameter, which is not a Satellite / Companion, or is at least 500 000 L.y. away from another Galaxy
Error bar in Python
what kind of telescope eyepieces is best for viewing planets up close
Question from Introduction to Modern Cosmology by Andrew Liddle
What is the official classification and naming system of objects in the universe(, or what would my URI look like)?
Just after the Big Bang, was the space, in its entirety, filled with Hot gas?
Solid-body tides on the Moon
Why does the Sun's surface contain lithium?
Surface brightness of deep-sky objects and telescope specs
Stars shape moving at night
Formula for sun's atmospheric refraction below the horizon
Do narrow lines in the spectra of O- and B- type stars always indicate magnetic fields?
How did astronomers determine the path of 'Oumuamua so quickly?
Where do asteroids impact upon the Earth most often?
Is thermal disintegration of meteorites variable with lattitude?
What does gravity-wave noise resemble locally?
Where can I find source data for the graph of metric expansion over time, as shown in this ESA web page?
Question on Friedman equation involving cosmological constant
Does the CMB pattern evolve in a human lifetime?
How to derive the equation for the age of a flat universe with a positive cosmological term?
How many galaxies can be seen in a given patch of sky
Is it practical to build a giant telescope in Moon? (Considering the fact that the atmosphere of moon is very rare)
Do we see planet venus everyday?
How are mars years counted?
Why no Polaris distance in GAIA DR2?
Why does each and every planet of our solar system have an unique axial tilt angle?
Icy moons: why hasn't the ice sublimated away?
Do we see stars from other galaxies (not Milky way) in the night sky with the naked eye?
Can life on earth be supported by only a Red Dwarf star or a White Dwarf(state still hot not cooled enough yet)?(Provided it is near to the star)
What other galaxies can be seen with the naked eye in the night sky?
What does a black hole elements consists of
Can aliens possibly be around us?
What sun-like star is closest to earth/sun?
Are there small voids of 10 - 20 megaparsecs also within, and not only between superclusters?
Why smaller black holes are considered to be more dangerous than bigger black holes?
What types of star do we know are hostile to life (like ours)?
Can a stellar mass black hole swallow Earth?
Do the cometary gas ions which make up the plasma tail of a comet reach the velocity of the Sun's solar wind?
Saturn's tropical year?
What factors makes a star big in size(Physically)?Is the size of the nebula a relevant factor?
If wormholes exist and behave like we think they do, can we cross them without "negatively charged matter "?
Why are we building larger land-based telescopes instead of launching larger ones into space?
Where will the atmosphere of our Earth go if our sun blows it away completely?
What are the problems that need to be taken in consideration when trying to find planetary position by using jpl ephemerides?
Will stars live longer if they consume more hydrogen?
When a star reaches the red giant phase, why does it become more opaque?
How to calculate the angle formed between 2 planets?
Are large body orbits self correcting?
Is Mars brightest from Earth at opposition, perihelion or somewhere in between?
How loud would a black hole be?
Terminology of Orbits
What's the profound reason(s) why the star formation rate drives the scatter of the mass-metallicity relation in galaxies?
Why moon sighted only in Kerala but not in rest of India?
Could two planetesimals orbit a dense object and share an atmosphere?
Generating random galaxy catalogs for correlation functions
What fraction of a star's hydrogen store will be fused over its lifespan?
How far away is this galaxy?
Angular Diameter Distance
Can a planet's gravity rip out its moon's atmosphere?
Can a black hole be torn apart by SMBHs?
Would the dynamic pressure of the Sun’s solar wind be strong enough to trap plasma ions within an open container?
Orion Skyquest xt8i Intelliscope Dobsonian Telescope Lens
Python: Find brightest pixel in fits-file and ignore brighter artefacts
Can a Ritchey–Chrétien telescope be collimated using a standard Newtonian laser collimator?
Will a black hole swallow the universe?
Correctly scaling Power Spectrum and Correlation Function of Galaxies from Mock Catalogues
Is our sun in a star cluster?
Do we know how old the matter that makes us is?
Do all orbiting objects have barycenters?
Data on the composition and orbits of asteroids
Hydrogen Line observation - Interference from trees
Why is the Warm-Hot Intergalactic Medium (WHIM) so hot, and what is "collisionless shock heating"?
What are the possible star fuels?
Will the Sun's solar wind push a permanent magnet out of our solar system?
Efficiently calculating power spectra from galaxy catalogs
Precautions when retrieving material originated from space
Fundamental axioms in LCDM
Converting Jy/beam to Jy?
Are magnetic field lines Spiral for Spiral Galaxies? If no, then how it look like topologically?
The Sun's composition is based on the currently assumed composition of the giant planets
Simple mathematical models of solar systems
Why do photos of Earth always have a black background?
Directions to Proxima Centauri
Do gravitational waves have distinct bands or parameters from which a source redshift can be inferred?
Say we were to bring Titan to Earth's orbit. How much would its atmospheric pressure change?
How do isolated binary compact systems survive their formational supernovae?
In sky surveys, what does inverse variation really mean? How do we use inverse variation to remove noise?
Escape velocity of Milky Way galaxy
collimating AstroMaster 114
How far would EGSY8p7 be away now?
Are galaxies expanding away from us at more than the speed of light?
Why is moon light not the same color as sunlight?
Generate an uniform distribution on the sky between limits
What is the fastest a galaxy or other body has been measured to (or can) travel?
Can "rogue" supermassive black holes be made this way?
How does the gravity of one planet affect the velocity of other planets?
Stellar Classification Table and Star RNG
Universe Sandbox 2 accurate representation of gravity
Is Limb Darkening because at centre we are directly looking core, whereas at limbs we are seeing only photospheric part?
Is a General Relativity approximation available in Universe Sandbox (1 or 2)?
Heliocentric distance from galactic x y and z coordinates
What is the actual black hole merger speed?
How does one measure vector magnetic field of astrophysical object?
How is magnetic field is generated over the sun?
What factors determines the size of a galaxy?
Why is the Innermost Stable Circular Orbit (ISCO) of a non-rotating black-hole 3 times the Schwarzschild radius?
Effects of a rogue planet passing between the Earth and the Moon?
How much mass does our sun need for exploding like supernova?
Is there any significant time dilation on other planets orbiting the sun?
Why we define Stellar motions with respect to sun?
Calculation of RA and DEC
How space scientist keeps the track of the stars?
The Solar Motion and the peculiar velocities of stars
Why do GPS satellites move in relation to earth's surface?
How to construct a sky map
How can heavy elements exist when the universe is young compared to the lifetime of a star?
Could Earth have been seeded with life?
How to compute the sun's (upper) transit
Quasar mass and accretion rates
Influences from outside the observable universe explaining dark energy and expansion?
3C273 jet mass estimate
How to calculate the time for the solar disk to pass the horizon and transit's lines
Is it possible to define a state of zero absolute angular momentum anywhere in the universe?
Whats the probability of a hazardous impact for human life on Mars?
What fractions of matter are retained and displaced by quasars?
What explains the existence of energy/matter if it cannot be created or destroyed?
What created the big bang's singularity?
carbonaceous content of galaxies?
Have we sent radio signals to exoplanets that may be habitable?
Saw a bright orange object in the sky. What was it?
Comoving distance between two points [(RA1, Dec1, z1) and (RA2, Dec2, z2)]
Do we finally have a decent set of parameters of 162173 Ryugu?
Is there any formulae to calculate whether the sun will depress 18 degrees or more below the horizon on a certain day / location?
Simple experimental evidence that Earth revolves around Sun
What would be the average distance between each 1-degree latitude on Jupiter?
Old star vs New star
Are there any natural satellites in retrograde Sun orbit?
In the JPL small body browser, why is uncertainty on absolute magnitude "N/A"?
Number of planets in a habitable zone with large moons
Methodology for size of Universe
Do other supercluster like Laniakea also get pulled by the Great Attractor?
Gamma ray detection for SETI. How far away could we detect an alien nuclear powered rocket?
Changes of the velocity of the Moon due to impacts from other objects?
Which astronomer set his beard on fire because he left the cap off his telescopes finder?
a star in the sky thay moves back and forth way up in the sky
Can gravity be amplified by other celestial bodies in its vicinity?
Absolute magnitudes with dust extinction
How come moon's difference in thickness between sides does not create an unbalance on its mass?
Does Pluto's atmosphere collapse?
Is there any orbit at which the Roche limit can be "felt"?
Yet another Question about the expansion of universe
With all the stars in the universe, why isn't the sky saturated with light?
Is there a name for the star/supernova hypothesized to have been a precursor to the Solar System?
Does the edge of the Universe travel faster than the speed of light?
At what speed does something have to travel away from us for it to red shift enough that it becomes invisible to the human eye?
Black-hole becoming a star again - follow-up question
Do we know at which angle the Event Horizon Telescope will look at the accretion disk of Sagittarius A*?
How did VLT's adaptive optics obtain this resolution for Neptune? Is it really working in visible wavelengths?
Does the size of the atom limit the focal length of telescopes?
Secondary maximum in SNIa lightcurves for near infrared
What defines the plane of an accretion disk around a black hole?
The total number of solar eclipses in a century repeats roughly every 6th century
Did we discover 10 or 12 new moons of Jupiter?
How did "oddball" Valetudo, Jupiter's new prograde moon, end up in a wider orbit?
Why does in-the-sky.org say that Mercury is not visible from Taipei these days?
Strange bright light in the sky flying fast
Detect Passage of Massive Relativistic Object
Do celestial bodies actually appear larger along the horizon?
What exactly is a "moon"?
Unknown moving light in sky
Why is sunset on 21st of June not the latest?
Black Holes and Worm Holes
Rising & Setting time of a star on a specific date
Struggling to use my new telescope
Ephemeris data mismatch between Nasa Horizonz and Astro.com
Would an analogue of the definition for planets also work for moons?
How did the solar system get its angular momentum? Why did Earth not fall into the Sun at the start?
Can a telescope image be amplified to see more by adding distant lenses or mirrors?
What are the so called clouds of dust and gas made of?
Will all galaxies eventually become elliptical galaxies?
Could an Earth-sized planet be cold?
What was that object?
Help converting ECI to RA DEC
When did the concept of "celestial sphere" fall?
Is it possible for a planet to have multiple moons in a nearly stationary orbit?
how accurate are the predictions for coronal mass ejections-(location, timing and magnitude)?
Are Saros series separated by "40" in numbering related in any way?
Beginner looking for extra eyepieces for telescope
Total rotational angular momentum estimates for Jupiter?
Determine full Moon position into sky from Sun position
Star - Black Hole binary. Star core Collapses. Does the black hole immediately grow from neutrinos?
Calculate eclipse days and duration of satellite
Moonless nights?
What is it that I have been seeing in the sky?
How to know the orbital and physical characteristics of the solar planets with only a non-professional telescope?
Are asteroid complexes and types the same?
What percentage of gas giant exoplanets are in the habitable zone?
What is the highest resolution image of the moon taken from Earth's surface?
Dark Matter Curvature
Cause of ~10 minute Oscillations in Low Energy Electron Flux in Earth's Magnetosphere
How much longer is this (July 27th 2018) lunar eclipse than others?
Different full moon face on different places on Earth same time
Almost unseeable light moving over nightsky. What is it?
Why was the July 27th 2018 lunar eclipse not visible in North America?
How to read an eclipse chart?
Galactic coordinates input in DS9
How to calculate angular size in ds9?
I have a Model 36050 telescope
What unit is used for region Surface brightness in DS9?
What might be the cause of the hot summer on Earth in 2018?
How did space start?
Sinusoidal Light curve of an eclipsing binary
Why does Jupiter atmosphere does not get thinner on edges
Which galaxy is closest to the center of the KBC void?
Why do we presume that the universe has always expanded?
How will "modern equipment" allow the Royal Observatory to now avoid some of the effects of light pollution at Greenwich?
Recognising lunar month only by looking the sky
What does the ']' in the spectral line "CIII] 1909 Å" mean?
Our Solar System’s interstellar movement in relation to the Alpha Centauri System
Which planet or star is this?
Weird 2 body swapping orbit
Where did the Sun get hydrogen to work with if it is in the 3rd generation of stars?
help needed with inactivated option for wcs in SAO Image DS9
Why has there been no moon for 2 nights straight
Can the period of the planet transit across the sun be calculated in the same way the eclipse year is?
Why Tidal Tails in Disk Galaxies, but not in Ellipticals?
Light beam (1 photon) in the limited universe?
What are the equations governing stellar evolution (Luminosity, Mass, Temperature, Radius)
Presenting / printing Right Ascension and Declination values
Can a solar eclipse be directly overhead?
First Telescope SkyWatcher Heritage 5" Tabletop Dobsonian Telescope
Does Time Exist for Photons?
The systematic review of past observations in the hope of finding things that may have been missed
What distance is considered 'close' for the 9th nearest neighbor of a galaxy?
Computing orbit positions of Jovian Satellites / Moons using JPL data
What bright body is next to the Moon in these photos of the ISS transiting the lunar disk?
What is causing this strange shimmering pattern of light during a total solar eclipse?
Perseid Meteor Shower Viewing events near Chicago
Would an extremely bright star produce same kind of shadow band effect as seen in solar eclipses just before totality?
Mars and 115 mm - which eyepieces?
Why is the shadow of the earth not visible during sunsets?
"Lunar tropics"
Currently proposed ways to distinguish between a really big planet and a really small star
Are brown dwarf masses notoriously difficult to measure?
Is the dot on the photo - Mars?
Can this mirror be cleaned?
Field excitement in quantum field theory?
Air temperature range recommendation for observations in a summer night with an entry level telescope?
What did I photograph?
What is minimal aperture/magnification to recognize phases of Galilean moons?
What is Earth's average temperature as a whole?
Why can’t I see any detail on planets?
How deep in Mars would a person not need insulation and pressure?
How bright is Comet PANSTARRS C/2017 S3 now?
Wavelengths for observed objects -- emitted or observed?
How can I convert Bayer/Flamsteed designations to Hipparchos numbers?
Why is H_delta prominent in type A stars?
What star was the asteroid 2014 MU69 predicted to occult on 2018-08-04?
For stars around 13th magnitude, are their entries in various catalogues usually linked, or does one do this manually?
Is it possible to view the Andromeda galaxy with the naked eye in Greece?
What is the meaning of "bright unresolved sources"
Lunar orbit distance
Things to be aware of when designing a custom equatorial fork mount
Total angular momentum in system of binary brown dwarfs on wide orbit from primary star
The formation of new stars as depicted in Feynman's lectures
Why does D4000 affect stellar age?
How big does the moon have to be to have the Earth tidally locked to it
Orange light in sky
Has the Penrose process ever been linked to an observed phenomenon in some way?
Why aren't neutron stars full of dark matter?
Why would the Perseids meteor rate fall off after maximum faster than the increase before maximum?
What is "class 4 light pollution" and could I estimate my own area's class visually?
What would go into the design of a simple sky quality meter, used to measure night sky brightness?
Why would the interplanetary medium atomic hydrogen Lyman‐α emission fall as 1/r rather than1/r^2?
How bright is Andromeda's center, in magnitudes per square arcminute or something similar?
Magellanic Clouds
I am beginner here.Could any one please suggest telescope on AliExpress
Why are gravitational perturbations stronger at larger semi-major axes?
What is the maximum Clear Sky Light Pollution rating to see the 2018 Perseid Meteor Shower?
Are there simplified M-L, M-R, and lifetime equations for non main sequence stars?
Which telescope's model is being shown to Albert Einstein in this file footage? What event might this be?
We are in Green Lake, WI, 8/12/18, seeing bright orange “planet”/“star” almost due South, perhaps 20 degrees above horizon, what is it?
Dataset containing list of known globular clusters
Studies of isotropy from different ends of the visible universe?
Orange light that rises quickly and moves of to the righ
Can I take logarithms of magnitudes (which are already log)
Energy conservation in Barnes-Hut algorithm
How would a flat mirror on the Moon reflect sunlight
What's the difference between a Newtonian telescope and a regular telescope
What are the procedures and protocols to use with Gauss'method and personal observations?
Which lens is right to see which planets with an Orion StarSeeker 150 mm?
Why don't all perseid meteors follow the same trajectory?
Ratios of magnitudes instead of differences
Water Ice on Meteorites
Measure an angle in the sky from a photo?
If the Higgs field only formed after the Big Bang, how was hydrogen formed?
Radial Velocity Clarification Sought
Site to see direction to the Voyager by entering time and coordinates of my position on the Earth?
Why does the sky look like it has three suns in this video?
Eccentricity and Inclination of a Star
Bright star or flare near orion?
What are these objects near Mirach
How big should be a piece of neutron star to reach Earth's mass?
Were all first generation stars of same mass and size?
Could dark matter be wrong?
Why does earth not collide with the sun?
What is the difference between the Yarkovsky effect and YORP effect?
C-Type Asteroids and Carbonaceous Chondrite Meteorites
How thick is the cosmic microwave background, including the part we cannot see within the observable universe?
Can the Moon eclipse Venus?
Would this effect occur if an ice planet was put into orbit or trajectory?
What is the escape velocity of our Galaxy relative to?
How does an eclipse differ from an occultation?
Water Content of Space Bodies
Differences between alt/az in Stellarium and Astropy
Telescopes for beginner astrophotography
Why can we still 'see' the CMB
How does this telescope work, and what is it for?
Can Mercury's core "boil over" if it gets to close to the Sun?
Solar and lunar eclipses -- how rare
What is the apparent rotation time for a planet relative to an other planet?
Explanation of resonance stability and instability
Table of dates for planet retrograde motion
Direction of major axis of moon's orbit
Rotating azimuth/altitude to a focal point?
Eyepiece diameter for small focal length planetary viewing on a large dobsonian?
How to the find radius of a galaxy given its inclination?
What are the RAs of the boundaries between traditional zodiacal signs?
Candidate major astronomical events circa 600-541 mya?
What are some good telescopes for a programmer?
Is the Milankovitch calendar provably better than the Gregorian one considering a non-constant tropical year?
What's a good model for the vernal equinox year? Can it increase forever?
Accuracy of predicting an asteroid strike in 1987
Are there recent estimates of Kuiper belt mass?
How to calculate how much a galaxy moves from its coordinate at redshift 0 to redshift 1?
Why there are less massive stars than low mass stars?
Why is M87's relativistic jet bent?
How much magnetic attraction is there between the Sun and Earth?
Are black holes really black?
Temperature gradient in stars
Predicting accurate time of local sunrise in mountainous area?
Existence of wormholes and exotic matter
Can black holes be used as an energy source
Need help with the calculations/conversion of a celestial object
Code for getting the pixel coordinates of an object with known RA DEC not working
Why can't a quasistar exist now?
Large amplitude dipole pulsator
Why is the cloud around Eta Carinae shaped the way it is?
Looking at ourselves with a powerful telescope?
What irradiance does the Moon receive during a total lunar eclipse?
Eagle Nebula (Pillar of Creation) destroyed?
What exactly is the accretion disk?
Is it possible to see Saturn from Titan's surface, day and night?
What is the closest candidate for Dark Matter currently?
Is there any definitive proof of stars being "born" in nebula formations?
Do we observe Mars Eclipse or Jupiter Eclipse?
How to find star location knowing latitude and LST
What phenomenon causes "lunar waves"?
Which star with a Bayer designation is the farthest from the Sun?
What would stargazing be like at the edge of our galaxy?
Space curvature and its rotation
Planet with acid ice caps
Of the stars in the Gaia / Hipparchos catalogs, which one is the most isolated?
What is Propeller Effect exactly?
What happens when a star gets hit by a supernova?
Has the Mars dust storm affected its naked-eye appearance?
Can a donut-shape planet or star be formed?
What is the difference between wind, jet and outflow?
Which part of the milky way does the image show?
Upgrading telescope from 5" to 8" or 10"?
Is it possible to mount a telescope on a plane? Is it beneficial?
How to figure out what something in the sky is?
What percentage of the celestial sphere can the Moon cover?
Classification and discovery of stars
How to find a deep sky object 1° NE from a given star
What's the time in which the sun rises?
Celestron Astromaster EQ130
Error when calculating Alt/Az from Ra/Dec
Is there a more modern/updated paper than Hurley's 2000 SSE?
Does Celestia respect 'setframe' coordinate systems?
Units in optical and radio spectral data cubes: Flux vs Brightness
Why does the half moon appear to have a "nose"?
Is the point of this paper to say that Pluto's status as a planet should have been handled scientifically, rather than by a vote?
Beginning of space-time
Is it possible that the Universe is expanding due to additional Big Bang events?
Stellar core mass as a function of metallicity
Which of the following is the correct usage: meteor / meteorite?
Adaptive Optics Shack-Hartmann Sensor and Deformable Mirror
Reversal of magnetic poles of earth
Quesions about extinction power law
Number Density of Dark Matter Halos
Low mass cut-off for the Dharma Planet Survey's detection of habitable planets around 40 Eridani A?
Matter Temperature during Recombination
Modeling planet rotations (time of day, obliqueness, etc.)
What exactly is the cosmic definition of ‘now’ is?
How to calculate exact angle to the moon?
Fitting PSF to an image to get total flux (Python)
Astrophysical Jet Size?
Identify Greek letters used in formulas
How can I estimate the M/L ratio from a fitted SED on a galaxy?
What is an asteroid called if it is in deep space?
Techniques to find dark matter
Movement of the Sun in space
Throughout the year, are all parts of the night sky visible from any given point on Earth?
Edu-Science telescope
Erratic Sundial
How does the Moon move in the "night" sky as seen from the poles?
Amateur observing
Regression line in a colour-colour diagram
What is a pupil slicer, and how does it work with anamorphic optics in VLT's ESPRESSO Echelle spectrograph?
Has anyone ever tried to make a simple telescope using ice?
Clarification on Greenwich Sidereal Time (GST)
Population histograms and relationship between size of galactic disk and amount of dark matter
Why does the adiabatic exponent decrease at the ionization zones?
Is it possible to see an image with radio telescope of something not so far away in detail?
Is the acceleration of the expansion of the universe a direct observation or an interpretation?
What happens for a "closed" universe without any content?
Is the Celestron astromaster 130 EQ Model able to see nebulas and galaxies?
DSO carthesian coordinate estimations
Planning observation: determine dates where moon is within 30 degrees of my object?
Difference in time between sunset and moonrise on a full moon
Expansion ofthe Universe
Exoplanet radius density relation according to NASA exoplanet archive
How does the center of a black hole can contain so much mass?
What phenomena was this video from SOHO actually showing?
Does time dilation increase within overlapping gravitational fields?
Type of telescope on Star Trek
How far in arc seconds is a planet from its star? The star is 12 parsecs away from earth. The planet is 1 AU from its star
What are the craters on the moon with peaks in the middle of them?
How do astronomers know when the Sun will die?
What is the Terra phase?
What magnification is required to see detail on Mars / other local bodies?
Once a black hole is formed, is there anything other than Hawking radiation which shortens its life?
Hypothetically, if our sun was yellow would we still see "white" colours?
Could Black holes forge heavier elements that have yet to be discovered?
Do astronomers have an established, systematic way for saying what does or doesn't orbit what? (e.g. "Mars orbits Earth")
How could time only have started with the Big Bang?
Existence of a "reflecting" star
What are the different values used/found for the slope of the turbulent power spectrum?
Could an astronomical process create elements in the islands of stability?
How was calculating the celestial latitude using an astrolable of any help to sailors?
How dark would the sun become if we traversed a Bok globule?
What does it mean for a planet to be just 300 kms across?
How dependent is Earth is with the other Planets' gravity?
Will comet 21P that just passed Earth on Sept 10 produce Draconid storm on Oct 9?
How did early estimates of a "potato radius" set 1 eV ~ GMμ/R and get 200 to 300 km?
Could the Moon sit on the Earth?
Are there any stars that one day we could collide with?
How much more atmosphere is the sun passing through at sunset as opposed to at its peak in the sky?
"Pluto Time" for any solar system body
Coma cluster of galaxies
Where is the exomoon? (Possible discovery of a companion to Kepler-1625b)
Calculate position of the Sun in ECEF
What cosmic disaster is most likely to happen?
Can a planet's changing tilt be aligned with the rotation around its star?
Is there a limit to how fast spacetime can bend/warp around an accelerating object?
What are the real conditions for the creation of an atmosphere/loss of an existing atmosphere?
Could the E.H.T. produce an image of the human artifacts on the moon?
Where exactly is the modification that first corrected the spherical aberration in Hubble's primary mirror?
Tables of aphelion/perihelion dates for other planets?
What is the nature of "rock vapor" in this description of the formation of the Moon?
What is the planet relative to earth that shows the greatest change in apparent brightness?
Move asteroid away with white color?
How is the term "solar system" defined? Could confirmation of a new planet lead to a change in this definition?
What is the advantage of taking monochrome photographs in standard lenses
Fast moving bright star with eliptic course, instant stop
Could a black hole pass quiescently through the Oort cloud?
How exactly 'polar aligning' a Telescope with equatorial mount helps?
2D Distorted Star Map for Pasting on Sphere Surface
Are there any known asteroids with average density similar to that of Earth's?
Would a magnetic charge over the Schwinger limit create visual effects in the vacuum of the solar system?
Since gravity is like an indent on a piece of paper (the space/time matrix) to a marble, can the black hole eventually suck in the matrix?
Why type Ia supernova reaches its peak absolute magnitude(~ -19.3mag) at around 15-20 days after the explosion?
Cardinal directions in solar system?
Why is there a Phillips relation?
Comparing accuracy in Starry Night and Alcyone Software
angles on the celestial sphere
Where is the center of the Milky Way located?
What was the length of the solar day 73 million years ago?
Why do we use the Planck length?
Why are there optical differences between sunrise and sunset?
Can I sense a bright star pointing an eight foot antenna towards it?
What was the "optical illusion" that led to erroneous metal concentrations in stellar atmospheres in the galactic center?
Could Planet Nine be a tiny black hole or an exotic compact object such that it escaped detection? What would its bounds be?
The specifics of two Earth-like worlds orbiting each other?
How can the universe be expanding?
Array of telescopes with single orbiting collector?
What are the odds for any two bodies to collide during the milky way-Andromeda collision?
Is it possible to detect exoplanets with a teleobjetive?
How much radiation would something need to output to sufficiently affect the CMB?
What's the composition of Ceres?
Do all galaxies have a black hole in the center?
What is the diffuse ionized gas?
What does it mean that the Sun`s rotation axis is: RA 286.13° , Dekl: 63.87°?
Is the passage of three asteroids near Earth today just coincidental?
What is the orbital period of our sun around its barycenter?
How to compare the observation with the theoretically predicted result?
A high-temperature isolated neutron star could be super-Eddington?
How many arc seconds is Sirius "spiralling motion" around Sirius B?
Semi-major axis, vs aphelion, vs mean orbital distance?
What is the percent flattening in Haumea?
When did we discover that our sun does not orbit its own axis but a barycenter?
Detecting a Rogue Planet from Earth
What does the word "shock cooling" mean in supernova physics?
What are Kepler's laws (as he wrote them)?
Why is the time between equinoxes different?
Interpretation of Angular Correlation results
What exactly are the "ν6 secular Sun-Jupiter-Saturn" and the "1:4 Sun-Jupiter" resonances?
Reflector vs refractor in terms of magnification, which one wins?
From what distance would our sun have an angular diameter of 7 arc seconds?
Source of mirror reflectivity data
In which direction does the ecliptic plane make an angle of 63 degrees with galactic plane?
Galactic rotation speeds - questions from a non-astronomer
Remains of the progenitor of the Sun
Is a comet necessarily confined to the solar system?
How many fluorescent iron lines?
What is a "semester series" for eclipse prediction? - Solar saros series 147 and 152
Why the blank wedges in this very early 21 cm map of the Milky Way? (Oort et al. 1958)
Finding Jupiter, Saturn
Looking for a celestial body that weights ~$10^{17} kg$?
Solar series 142 and 147 started same year - series 147 and 152 will be ending same year. Why? Coincidence?
Moving lights in the sky looks like they were moving coordinated
How could original astronomers have used the clouds to find distances?
Can one detect from earth that angular momenta of its axial rotation and its orbital rotation are "almost parallel"?
How does a blackhole burp?
Sunrise - from earth - sun position or when sun rays reaches earth?
How far can a planet with living beings get before we cannot see the living beings?
My family saw small dots in the sky moving rapidly at night
Just out of curiosity. What's this curvature per unit length for a sphere? I see a lot of flat earthers using it.
Are the viewable nebulae only in our galaxy?
Would a large coronal mass ejection affect the earth evenley
Which Chandrasekhar Limit do I use? 1.39 or 1.44?
Are there any good images of Sirius B at apastron in the Sirius system?
Why does the precession of the earth affect other planets?
Is the orbit of Sirius B based on observation, or derived from the variation in proper motion of Sirius A?
How to convert quasar flux time series from observed frame to rest frame?
How do ground-based telescopes deal with earthquakes?
In the closest stars, can you see the stellar corona?
Sun's Stellar Class at Birth?
What is wrong with my calculations of Venus' orbital period?
Conversion of UBVRIJHK magnitudes to luminosity?
Can NASA's sound recordings of planets, and photos of astronomical bodies, be used freely in for-profit projects?
what can i see using celestron nexstar 127SLT
Are there any optical method of viewing stars without "diffraction" making them appear larger?
How would astronomical seeing on Mars differ from that on Earth?
Help new Dobsonian owner
Synodic period of planets
Problems with computing X,Y,Z positions of planets at a certain time in Unity3D (C#)
Why does the sun appear 13x bigger through diffraction in Voyager 1 image from 1990, but not from Earth?
How far from the Sun can an Earth TCO (temporarily captured orbiter) go after leaving?
How does the geometry for constructing a declining vertical sundial work?
Angular speed of a planet across the sky
Puzzling quotes from astronauts about earth size
How will nearby galaxies some day expand beyond our horizon? (Neil deGrasse Tyson)
At what latitude could Orion's belt and Aldebaran be ~10 degrees above the horizon at the same time?
Why can't I use automatic photometry on IRIS?
What is this elliptical orbit?
What is the smallest possible planet with same sea level atmospheric pressure as Earth?
Light pollution and apparent magnitude of objects in solar system
Why is the moon so large in this picture from Athens
Calculating right ascension for two planets and their separation using python
How is distance in light-years converted to years back in time?
What is the reason for magnetic braking?
What would our night sky look like if the solar system was 100 light years from the centre of the Milky Way
3-sphere universe
How far can you see in solar plasma at just under 1 solar radius?
Considering our methods of exploration, how likely is it that there are unfound planets (not dwarf planets) in our solar system?
How much greater is the star density in our galactic bar?
Would you get the same planet-discovering data for our own system at the same distance we're getting from Earth?
How thick or deep does solid carbon dioxide accumulate on Mars?
What is the cause of all of these sharp, concentric rings around bright stars in this HST image?
How does V838 Monocerotis look today? Any subsequent light echo images, or is the party over?
What is it exactly about these flares of infrared light from Sgr A* that "confirms" it is a supermassive black hole?
Polar circle for the moon
When are the planets occulted by the sun?
Why does earth's north pole roughly point in the same direction throughout the year?
How do I make a custom pulsar map?
What is the angle between the planes of Oumuamua's hyperbola and the Milky Way Galaxy?
Mars looks like a blur
How to calculate the time and distance of closest approach of a star?
Are Symbiotic and Vampire Stars the same type of star or different?
how do we know the universe is STILL expanding?
Calculating the Size of Earth in the Apollo 8 Earthrise Photo
Why do stars twinkle but planets don't
Is T Tauri a compulsory stage for stellar evolution?
Does a star fuse helium to beryllium on the main sequence?
Arago Spot in the Shadows of Celestial Bodies
Why the forbidden lines of [OIII],[NII] and [SII],[OII] are sensitive to electron temperature and electron density, respectively?
Why can't we travel faster than light? And is the theory of relativity absolutely flawless?
What would it take to capture a passing asteroid or other celestial body into Earth's orbit?
What is the theoretical ages for Pop I stars
After Oumuamua passage, has an "urgency" telescope time request procedure been set up?
Why do we use filters in telescopes for astronomical imaging?
Does the rotation of galaxies precess?
Is Spherical Astronomy by W. M. Smart a good book on positional/spherical astronomy?
Moonkeps PC program
Does Earth changes angular velocity in 24 hours evaluation?
Surface conditions of lonely (rogue) planets
Why was Uranus named what it was?
22° Sun halo today in Zimbabwe. But there's a moon like thing inside the halo beneath the sun that cannot be seen with the naked eye, what is that?
Apollo 11 Under Different conditions
How the Galactic objects are moving?
If a giant object would approach the Earth, would Earth start to turn faster or slower while the object starts to become nearer and nearer?
Mars vs Venus: the retention of atmospheres in relationship to Earth
Calculate Earth's distance travelled in a year
What is a type la supernova?
Doing Correct Calculations with Binary Star Systems
In astronomy Is there a name for the exact time between solar noon and sunset?
In the calculation of GMST, what are these constants?
What changes are being made to VIRGO and LIGO (if any)?
Can Einstein-Rosen bridges - if they exist - link two points of which one lies outside of the observable universe of the other?
Explanation of Longitude of Periapsis
Searches for dipole form of anisotropies (on luminosity distances) in the universe with type Ia supernovae
Normalizing the supernova spectrum by photometry
Why has the orbit of Venus such a low eccentricity?
Finding the SN explosion time by t-square fitting
Can orbits change?
Solution for counting atmospheric layers of planets according to relational data
Please dsescribe how this instrument works
How active was the Milky Way in its first 5 billion years?
From CMB anisotropy data observed in 1992, did astronomers figure out that the universe should be accelerating before its discovery in 1998?
Questions on dark matter observations in galaxy clusters
Estimates for "undetectable" planets in extra-solar systems
How much iron does a star fuse before going supernova?
Could population III stars develop directly into population I stars?
Could two stars collide without a resultant explosion?
Is there a theory about a collision between a shrinking universe and a new expanding universe?
What were the odds that ʻOumuamua passed so close to the Sun?
Why Is The Expansion of The Universe Allowed To Move Faster Than Light?
Could a moon be passed from one planet's orbit to another?
How do astronomers know if a planet is orbiting a star, or it's simply another star in the background?
What does "GPU-accelerated butterfly matched filtering over dense bank of time-symmetric chirp-like templates" mean? (GW170817)
Scientific evidence against CMB originating from “Oort Soup”?
How much of the Universe is subatomic?
Distance between two planets
Could an ultra-hot Jupiter flare?
Question about the relevant physical parameters to build a backyard observatory
Why do default coordinates from IR-optical observatories are usually not trustworthy, while from radio interferometers they usually are?
Where on Earth can moon rise on the meridian?
Comprehensible full manual for bolometric light curve reconstruction
what is the net effect of nodal and apsidal lunar precession?
A few questions regarding the transit of planets
Searching for stars with a given surface temperature and an absolute magnitude?
What are the advantages of refractor telescopes over reflector telescopes?
Are there any examples where the transverse doppler effect is applied in astronomy?
What is the total number of stars in the universe?
radio Jove pcb manufacturing file
How does the Sun orbit the Sun-Jupiter Barycenter?
How to get the solar zenith from the longitude and latitude?
Are Trans-Neptunian Objects (TNOs) asteroids?
How to convert factors of time dilation into something relatable?
How to adapt small Dobsonian to use with a tripod?
Black hole, escape velocity, going up?
Cycles that are longer than the year, but less than 1000 years
What would happen to a woman who was teleported to mars while wearing a dress and skirt
How long would a photon take to reach us if it's emitted from a galaxy receeding at c?
Catalog of Galaxies in the Visible Universe
Lunar illumination (percentage) data on an eclipse day needed
Why don't we see purple stars
How long will a ball of ice stay in orbit around Earth?
Why is the metallicity of elliptical galaxies low?
Life on other planets
Will Pluto ever clear its path?
Moon is a planet by "Clearing the neighborhood" condition?
Why is Proxima Centauri called Proxima Centauri?
Plotting GAIA barycentric radial velocity data with python
Can a liquid be used to de orbit debris?
What is the minimum size to be a natural satellite?
What is the underwater temperature of Europa?
Information on the star at the centre of the Helix "Eye Of God" Nebula
Does Arecibo's secondary optics compensate aberrations when viewing farther away from vertical?
Help understanding the false MRO observations of hydrated minerals on Mars
Why haven't more captured small moons been found?
Why do shooting stars burn close to the ground sometimes?
Why don’t we feel the Earth rotating beneath us?
How do we know about the origin of ʻOumuamua?
Estimating upper limits on flux values (Radio)
What liquids can be found in the void space?
Does a gravitational wave loses energy over distance?
What is a "differential chemical abundance"?
Impact of Atmospheric Water vapour on Optical Observations
Orbital plane evolution and planet discovery via transit method
Can we learn anything from observing galaxies edge-on, like the Spindle Galaxy?
Is there enough light to grow plants in the ocean of Europa?
What would the night sky look like from a planet at the centre of a ring galaxy?
How does gravity affect pressure under water?
How many moons in the solar system have water?
Is parallax a "technique to measure the star distances" or a "tiny shift in star's position"?
What area of Proxima Centauri would need to be occluded for the effect to be observable on Earth?
calculating rising time from culmination time
Natural satellites for Mercury
Can hawking radiation be eaten by another blackhole?
What is the apparent magnitude of the weakest stars we can see in one telescope on the ground with a diameter of 2.4m?
In which direction is the sun travelling?
Is the universe always expanding
Why more matter still left after collision with anti-matter?
Is there likely other significant objects we haven’t discovered in the solar system?
Can't see any detail on planets with my new Celestron NexStar 130 SLT Computerized Telescope
Moons of migrated giant planets: Icy, Rocky, or none at all?
How strong are the stellar flares on YZ Ceti?
How to find the radius of a satellite not knowing the mass
What can be learned from, or noted in this LIGO Orrery video?
What telescope might this be a model of, with Sir Fred Hoyle?
How does Canada's radiotelescope CHIME manage polarization-dependent apodization of the fast f/0.25 optics?
Are they really sure this isn't an Airy disk? How was that ruled out?
How could the Moon have arisen from a collision - what would make for an elliptical orbit?
Celestron NexStar 130 SLT Computerized Telescope GoTo Not Accurate
Dataset for globular star cluster
What are the present, and potentially the future roles of data scientists in Astronomy?
Are there Dark Stars
What's the easiest way to get 3D-positional data of galaxies
Why doesn't the equipartition theorem disallow spinning dust?
How do black hole spinning at speed of light expose its singularity?
Is the nose of the solar system and the solar apex the same thing?
What does "all stop" mean in reality?
Precise declination of Moon
A non rotating asteroid of huge mass collides with earth. After the collision, does the length of the day on earth change?
Current delay for radio signals from the Mars InSight mission
What is this thin, square-ish object on asteroid Bennu? How big is it?
What direct or indirect observations of dust can one make by eye or with binoculars?
How often do they move most/all of ALMA's dishes?
Discovery of Near Earth Objects (NEO's)
How does ALMA produce stable, mutually coherent ~THz local oscillators for all of their dishes?
Why is the shape of the Moon spherical?
Deep space radiation distribution
How are exoplanets with 10,000 day periods discovered with the radial velocity method?
What would happen if someone had a telescope and watched Betelgeuse when it goes supernova?
How can we learn the inclination of the orbiting plane of the exoplanets using radial speed method?
If space was n>3 dimensional, would clouds of particles still turn into 2D disks due to gravity?
Why aren't GPS clocks sufficient to synchronize VLBI observations?
Is Titan Better or Mars?
Why is Neptune true anomaly decreasing?
Is there a name for this type of orbit of a natural satellite?
Can a moon have a moon?
Adiabatic versus convection
What might a CN filter be in the context of comet watching? Is it showing dust, or gas, or something else?
What is this "time travel" these popular blogs refer to?
What fraction of starlight, seen from Earth, is actually reflected light?
Total number density of galaxies and problematic expression in practise
number density of Dark Matter Halos Versus number density of Galaxies
The Sun and Regulus together at the summer solstice
very bright object (visible even after sun risen)
How would humans with appropriate equipment navigate the surface of Saturn's moon Titan on foot?
Simple rule to find some of the zodiac constellations after sunset?
Why is there free magnesium in the ecliptic (if there is) and why would some be orbiting within the ecliptic plane but retrograde?
What are the characteristics of solid carbon dioxide on the Martian poles?
How to see Comet 46P/Wirtanen?
From original burst, fraction of stellar mass still surviving on Main sequence
Calculating the apparent magnitude of a satellite
How much is usually deposited in a Mars regional dust storm?
What is the specific heat capacity of interstellar clouds?
Compute the total stellar mass of galaxy with major influence of Red Giants luminosity
How much telescope do I actually need for astrophotography?
Need help with a simple Blackhole question
Has "GHz-spinning dust" ever been demonstrated in the laboratory?
Which direction does the Earth face as it travels through the Galaxy
What is the relation between the saros (18 years, 11 days, 8 hours) and the period of lunar nodal precession (18.6 years)?
What is meant by sun's path through zodiac
What is the great (platonic?) year? How could it be explained in laymen's terms?
How do they know how far out Farout is? (2018 VG18)
South-eastern sky above the tree line just now, NE Cape Cod, I saw a very bright, twinkling "star"
How did Biden become VP? (naming of 2012 VP113)
What is the bright star or planet in eastern sky on dec 18 2018?
Is there any star recognition framework/library available?
What would the sun look like from aphelion of The Goblin's orbit?
Spectra and star identification
Distance to objects
Expansion and Gravity
Locate planets and stars for beginners
What observations will be done during the New Horizons flyby of Ultima Thule?
Calculating the sun’s position in ECI
Activity of M dwarf stars
How to convert Log(g) vs T_eff to y vs (v-y)?
Advice on first Telescope (refractor vs reflector), Barlow lens
What experiment does this "Tracing the History of Starlight" video try to explain?
How do they measure sub-centimeter wave height on a moon of Saturn?
Can eternal inflation and gravity explain dark energy?
How do I get started in astronomy data analysis?
Plausible reason for the Hot Neptune gap
What is the maximum possible separation between sun and moon in the earth sky for an eclipse to occur?
Could a distant black hole (detected due to its mass) be in reality a Dyson sphere?
Can we see the color of nebulae?
Terminology question: gas giant vs gas planet
I've seen some stars tonight. What could I possibly have been looking at with these pictures?
Are rising sea levels caused by the moon?
Deducing distance of closest neighbor galaxy from expression of correlation and mean galaxy density
Why is this moon red?
When astronomers "look into the past" are they accounting for the expansion of space?
What should be the seperation between sun and moon during a solar and lunar eclipse as viewed from earth?
Warm jupiter vs hot jupiter, fluffyness
What is the range of the zenith angle between velocity and position vectors?
Extract anomalies from two-line element set (TLE) on ISS (International Space Station)
Galactic mass estimation from apparent magnitude and distance
Calculate the orbital phase when plotting the Radial Velocity data of a transitting exoplanet
Why do satellites arcs end abruptly when observed from Earth
Can someone please tell me what the very bright star is that I see throughout the evening in the northern sky?
Gravitational acceleration inside a planet
Largest non-hot gas giants
Gas Giant temperatures
what determines the density of atmospheres
Aren't there any rock or similar firm material on/in the gas giant planets?
How long is a "lunar month" in Jupiter?
Expansion of Jupiter's perturbing effects on Kepler's third law treatment of orbits?
Is it possible to predict a supernova with years or decades of advanced notice?
Can blackholes appear white and black?
Any ideas for an astronomy + ML project?
What was earth's mass before the collision with theia?
How long does it take for a white dwarf to cool to a black dwarf?
How a star's rotation affects a star in the main sequence?
Which side of earth will face toward sun when earth and sun will be get closer and be bonded by Gravitational Force?
A point of light moving between the stars
Is there any update on the Availability of Event Horizon Telescope Images?
Is a precession rate of -0.67 radians/orbit plausible?
Strength of core-envelope coupling in stars
Why is it impossible to estimate the inclination of an exoplanet with the Radial Velocity Method?
Why aren't corrector plates aligned with the center of curvature in an SCT?
How did they make a video of the center of the galaxy, and what is it exactly that's flashing there?
Why the Sun-Jupiter barycentre is outside Sun?
Why are blue stars the hottest?
Questions related to the reflection of the moon
How to convert a function of keplerian elements to a function of equinoctial elements?
How far above the Earth's surface does interplanetary space begin?
Is the moon's orbit circularizing? Why does tidal heating circularize orbits?
Is the Bondi Radius the Same as the Schwarzschild radius?
Is it possible for particles to be accelerated FTL inside BH travelling towards the singularity?
Why does it take so long to transmit an image from New Horizons to Earth?
Seeking advice regarding buying a telescope
Why is the moon more visible during the winter?
What is the bright object above the moon in Sudbury, Ontario?
What are the aberrations of an SCT? And how can they be eliminated?
Time-frame regarding cosmic expansion and the bound state of the Virgo Cluster
Will there be public access to the New Horizons data from Ultima Thule?
Can you go blind if you look at the sunrise and sunset?
Would one have to be more than halfway to the Oort Cloud for the Sun to appear as bright as the full moon?
What process shaped Ultima Thule?
Is Earth's true anomaly roughly 1 degree currently?
Is all of the data from the same program that found the Wow!-signal analyzed?
Does the orbital decay of Triton affect Neptune's rotation?
Calculation of Eccentricity of orbit from velocity and radius
What are some formulas that are associated with the Schmidt corrector?
How to send information from the far side of the moon to Earth
Brown dwarf magnetic activity
How much does being at the perihelion heat Earth up?
Issue translating World Coordinate system to cartesian coordinate
How uniformly is cometary debris distributed along the entire orbit of the comet?
76mm reflector vs 70mm refractor? Both are at sale at $200
How open is China in sharing data from the Chang'e 4 mission?
What is the exact meaning of vicinity of Black hole or a disk? the same as inside?
Could stellar occultations be used to survey Kuiper belt objects?
Would the solar corona be visible from the distance of the outer planets?
What discoveries have come from the DASCH project (Digital Access to a Sky Century @ Harvard)
Objection on artificial moon for lighting
Doppler Spectroscopy - Finding mass of an exoplanet
What soviet telescope is this?
Why isn't Ultima Thule spherical, while its two component parts are
Are there other proofs of the expanding universe apart from the redshift?
Could Ganymede's aurora be seen with the naked eye?
Will the SKA's total bandwidth still exceed the Earth's internet's bandwidth?
Strange speck of light in the picture sequence of the approach to 2014 Mu69 (Ultima Thule)
If we had the right technology could we see a distant star in detail?
Is Optical VLBI theoretically feasible? If not why not?
How to decide which part of the data is analyzed?
Can weak gravitational lensing or microlensing-induced wavefront distortion limit resolution of absurdly large aperture telescopes?
Logarithmic scale for large distances?
Does the Milky Way's movement through space have spacetime implications?
Why do nebulae turn into accretion disks but planets do not?
What is the dimensions of the smallest object detectable by an optical fiber from a specific distance?
Delete key does not always work in IRAF's xgterm on Mac
Why is the opening in the Anglo-Australian Telescope's dome so small?
Is the structure of crystalized white dwarf related to nuclear pasta?
If light has no mass, why is it affected by gravity?
How to get ephemeris data for location?
How tightly clustered are the CHIME-detected FRB repeats?
Any pictures showing difference in moon between southern and northern observers?
Was Earth closer to Europa on 1983-11-25 or 1985-07-22?
Are we really star-stuff from the interior of collapsing stars?
How does science knows what is the early universe?
Estimate the number of pixels required to map the full primary beam of a Radio Telescope station
In planetary and astronomical science, what exactly is, or is not, a tidal force?
preserve information in a black hole
Earth rising and setting from moon's perspective
Can radioactive decay rates be confirmed by looking at supernova?
Computing the local orbital frame vector directions in a geocentric reference frame
What object in the universe is most opaque to neutrinos?
How far away was the binary black hole that produced GW170729?
Why doesn't the vertical light beam get out of a black hole?
Simulating Noise in Astronomical Images
What are the challenges for the building and data analysis of the CHIME telescope?
Are other planets' gravity measurable on Earth?
Pekin Chang'e 4 Mission, Shadow?
Why haven't detected life in the universe?
Why is it that night has a almost a bluish tint to it instead of red?
How to Distinguish between Temperature and Doppler effect using Black-body radiation?
Why is Uranus able to support a regular satellite system?
How fast would an object at cruising altitude(around 10,600 m) need to travel to stay on the opposite side of the Earth to the Moon?
Tidally locked, and yet spinning?
Possibility of certain conditions on a planet
Universe isn't infinite theory
Why doesn't a singularity spin infinitely fast?
If Earth suddenly stops rotating, will be thrown at 465 m/s?
Is our universe stable or metastable?
Is there really a blood wolf moon this month?
What are the white reflections on Ceres?
Why do we see galaxies with their actual spiral shapes?
Why do most of the myths behind constellations originate from Greek?
Looking for a 3D animation showing the motion of the sun relative to other stars and the Milky Way, any one seen anything like that?
What was the process of calculating how much darkmatter/matter/dark energy the observable universe consists of and how did it come at this conclusion
When will the last total solar eclipse occur?
What color is the Sky on other Planets?
Is this a coincidence?
Do integer multiples occur in astronomy data?
Do clouds on earth have an affect on a blood moon to the naked eye?
Jupiter-Venus conjunction is vertically aligned. I'm at 49° N. How is this possible?
Meteor shower shooting stars
How fast will the sun grow when it becomes a red giant?
When is Earth closest to the Sun?
I need help getting mars to look like a circle
Star rising times in a different place given the latitude and time of one place
Earth Orbit Simulator
Hubble Space Telescope (HST) observing modes
Do Mercury and Venus exhibit retrograde motion?
How to Calculate Planetary Equilibrium Temperature in Binary systems
Combining lenses to make a telescope
What is the difference between the way light travels in a gravitational field and the way it travels through an expanding universe?
Can Jupiter's nightside be classified as spectral type Y?
Do we know if there are asteroids leading or following Earth in Earth's orbit around the Sun?
Circumpolar Equation Derivation
Does astronomical observing "count" as remote sensing?
Why is the difference from a perfect sphere the same for the Earth and the Moon?
Cases of gravitational lensing resulting in a recognizable image of an extended object?
How long does it take a star to transition from main sequence to red giant?
How did Johannes Hevelius' long telescope work? Why all the round holes?
How can gravitational lensing makes a quasar appear brighter?
What is the "lost light" in this unusual Hubble Deep Sky image?
Under what situations can an aperture mask improve the resolution of a small/medium amateur telescope? Is this demonstrable mathematically?
Will Earth at some point stop rotating anti-clockwise, stay still, and then rotate clockwise?
If the Milky Way galaxy is as big as planet earth, how big is Earth?
Is Naboo's core possible in real life?
If the whole observable Universe is as big as planet Earth, how big would Earth be?
Time Dilation and Particle Decay
Could some bacteria theoretically evolve to survive in space?
Will the shape of the constellations change if we observe from another planet, say Mars?
How to estimate uncertainty of measurements of equivalent widths?
3 years later, how strong is the evidence for planet 9?
Would drinking melted ice water from Mars taste like sparkling water?
Any information on the salt content of Mars' atmospheric dust?
Is it possible for stars not to rotate?
What’s the closest earth like planet we have discovered in our galaxy?
Geographical Substellar position calculation from RA/DEC
If I point a camera at a "+x" visual magnitude object, how to estimate how many e- (carriers) are produced per second?
If Mercury and Venus where to collide would it make a habitable planet?
Surface Conditions
Could a moon orbit an Earth size planet in such a way as to create a solar eclipse lasting for several weeks from start to finish?
Infalling observer could never cross Black Hole event horizon?
What causes Titan a moon to have a denser atmosphere than that of a Mars?
Could stars form outside of galaxies?
How many amateur telescopes are looking for serendipity in a coordinated fashion, on average?
Change in axis of the Earth if the Moon would dissappear
does the orientation of orbital plane of our solar system rotate with the galaxy
What happened to the third planet in the Kepler-47 system?
How do we know distant stars still exist
How many horizontal branch stars are within 2 kpc of the sun?
Regarding the VizierR catalogue
Eclipse Changes Directions?
Do falling bodies ever slow down?
How to obtain distance modulus and Total extinction from Isochrone fitting to CMD?
Correction to inverse square law for cosmology
If the axis of the Earth was through Greenland, what would the north celestial pole be?
Ensemble average VS spatial average for a cosmological density field
Shouldn't we not be able to see some black holes?
The Luminosity of two stars with same brightness but at different PC away
Luminosities and Apparent Brightness of Two Stars of which one is 8 times the distance of the first star
Geographical Point of the Sun
How to collect photometric data for WW Aur
Do tides occur on planets like Neptune, having water?
What is the difference between albedo, absolute magnitude or aparent magnitude?
Do tides occur on planets like Neptune, having water?
How do we know that an exoplanet is tidally locked to the parent star?
Stellar nurseries in the "Shedding New Light on the Whirlpool Galaxy" video
Is albedo ever greater than unity? How is it calculated for various surface diffusivities and specular reflection?
How to convert celestial Coordinates with a radius, to max and min celestial coordinates?
Did Eudoxus describe the eclipitic on his sun motion model?
Is the Ordovician meteor event detectable in the lunar cratering record?
Can light be curved due to heavy gravitational force?
Is it possible to see a spacecraft orbiting the moon with a pair of binoculars?
How to convert sidereal time to local time?
Happy lunar new year! When will "sunset" happen for Chang'e-4 and Yutu-2?
Do planetary magnetic fields slow the movement of conductive extraplanetary moving objects via induction?
Did I see a mentionable event in Germany early morning on 6th of February 2019?
Are there any ways in which the light time difference between the center and the edge of the solar disk is noticeable?
Just how fast is a Fast Radio Burst thought to be?
Is an elliptical orbit around a black hole, or an orbit consisting of three bodies (including the black hole) possible?
Could a rocky rogue planet get trapped in the orbit between Earth and Mars?
Properties of low-mass stellar remnants vs the Earth
Transform asteroid rotation to heliocentric ecliptic coordinates
Can any type of stars be contact binaries?
Helioseismology of the Sun, what is actually measured?
How do we know if an object is redshifted?
Is there a plausible causal mechanism to explain why the Sun would be heating up faster/ sooner than we thought? Question for a novel
How does one "use" the Pan-Starrs data?
What is Earth believed to have looked like before the collision with Theia?
What's the white glow around this star?
What would happen to the solar system if Earth's mass was removed?
What variables are needed to calculate simple horseshoe orbit times?
Can two planets in an empty universe meet/be pulled together?
Moon equatorial coordinates
Is there any habitable exoplanet around Tau Ceti?
Are brown dwarfs which dont sustain any fusion considered stars?
Is this a black hole?
Lunar phases if Earth was tidally locked to the Moon
How are cardinal points on horizon defined?
Is there a reason why the IAU differenciates objects in the SS orbiting the sun into a particular classification but it doesnt for satellites?
Does the KBO 2014-MU69 have two numbers and entries in asteroid databases? How did it get promoted to Major Body designation?
How close would the orbit of Mars have to be to that of the Earth to induce a collision?
Which Saturn satellite passes closest to Saturn's rings and at what distance?
Daylight Time Expansion
Why would the Chang'e-4 lander find lunar far side temp. "colder than scientists expected", when the LRO has already been taking thermal readings?
Beta Andromedae (Mirach) and distances mentioned in original Cosmos series from 1980
Are the stars seen at the equator different throughout the year?
Can the Dark Energy be Pauli pressure?
How close to circular is the Earth's equator
Scientifically important discoveries with the help of amateurs
Necessary steps to calculate photon's path by using null geodesic equation
Tides with 3 Largish Moons
Rendering asteroid orientation as seen from Earth
Could FRB be the result of matter-antimatter annihilation?
nonagesimal in Kepler's parallax computation
Stars located outside of a galaxy
What causes the duration of moon phases (the time the moon is visible above the horizon) to vary for an observer in the northern hemisphere?
What does half-lit means?
How can you verify the theories presented on TV shows like "How the Universe Works" is current and/or valid?
Can rogue/nomad planets and other starless planetary bodies orbit each other in a stable system?
How does making a refracting telescope very long reduce the chromatic aberration of an uncorrected lens?
What causes random irregularities in the earth's rotation accounted for by dynamical time
How was Cruithne's orbital time calculated?
Why the Circumstellar Habitable Zone is defined as it is, if life could be possible outside of it?
Why do sun spots appear near the equator of the Sun?
Astronomy/Astrophysics Project With C++/C/Python
How do we know that the mass ratio of hydrogen and helium in the sun is approximately 3:1?
How to calculate the time of Ekadashi days?
Finding the diameter of a molecular cloud using period of intensity variation of hydroxyl maser
Found green rock 20cm below surface, is this an meteor piece?
Can a photon have a stable orbit around a black hole?
Is there any known moon of a moon?
Motivation for using $\sigma_{8}$?
Mass of the universe
What's the proportion of Mars' surface compared to Earth's surface uncovered of water?
Historical Distance of Planets to Earth
How come the Sun does not make the Moon crash on the Earth?
Asteroid identification in fits image
Star rotational axes and Solar system orientations
White Dwarf/Degenerate Gas Behaviour
Are galaxies moving in each direction with same speed?
How to calculate the argument of perihelion for exoplanets with incomplete orbital elements?
What is so special about the Ultima Thule passed by New Horizon spacecraft?
Which is the farthest distance a particular distant known- identified object from the asteroid belt can get from the sun?
What I can observe with a 80/900 refractor telescope? What can I study?
Halley's Comet current location in sky and visibility?
What's going on in this photo of Halley's comet's tail?
Do interstellar asteroids decelerate and eventually stop?
Who was the first to realize that the Earth is surrounded by vacuum?
Are there known centaurs which orbit between Jupiter and Saturn without crossing their orbits?
the movement of the moon
Roche Zone of a black hole vs Roche Zone of Neutron Star
Could you tell me this constellation name?
How would rainbows appear on other planets?
Determining the shape of ʻOumuamua via stellar occultation
What do the months and hours mean in Tomas Filsinger's Map of The Universe
What would happen if a star went supernova inside a supermassive black hole?
Is gravitational lensing a good way to search for negative mass?
Is the water on Mars drinkable?
Could there be additional Neptunian satellites between Larissa and Hippocamp?
What could possibly save an atmosphere other than a magnetic field? Why can't a magnetic field save the atmosphere in certain cases?
Is space a thing?
How to separate binary and optical stellar pairs?
What's the reason that we have a different number of days each month?
Binary pairings that haven't been discovered yet?
Options for first time astrophotography w/ 80/900 refractor?
First observation that the movement of a planet or asteroid in its orbit was affected by another planet?
First observation that the Sun and Jupiter (and friends) move around a common barycenter?
Has stellar evolution ever been modeled analytically?
When a rogue brown dwarf star hits a white dwarf star, will the collision at most cause a nova?
How should I think about sunlight for the purposes of analyzing the angles it makes w/ earth?
Determine Julian Date from Gregorian without formula
Solar azimuth for celtic fire festivals
Calculate the true diameter of stars from photographic plate
Modeling Malmquist Bias
How harmful is Saturn's magnetic field for human life?
Possible scenarios for life in the death of open universe possible?
The nature of cosmological inflation — unfolding dimensions?
Dropping a pebble into a black hole
Is it possible that in the Local Interstellar Cloud there are undetected stars?
How do I calculate the sun's azimuth based on zenith, hour angle, declination, and latitude?
What happens if a black hole is produced inside another black hole?
Possible to use tachyons to explore black hole?
Does Jupiter lose some atmosphere at all?
Can Earth be ejected out of the solar system this way?
What percentage of a lunar meteor strike is blown back into space?
Energy conservation in Interplanetary orbit transfer
Can anyone explain this odd Galactic dust filament near the LMC?
Can the moon's gravity influence be observed on the space station's orbit?
Does the Sun twinkle?
How would the Tycho Impact have appeared from Earth?
Are there pictures from a solar eclipse of the earth taken from a moon landing unit or orbiter?
Smallest mass of star to be a black hole?
Are white dwarfs the ones always absorbing mass from a companion?
Singularities/ringularities and their properties
How many asteroids are named after musicians? Is there a searchable list for this?
How can we be certain that Ryugu is a remnant of the material that did not form planets?
Vacuum of space
How did the authors determine both the spatial size of gas cloud HCN-0.009-0.044 and its central mass at the same time?
What are some of the best astronomy gatherings in the USA?
Angular diameter of the Sun's reflection from the ocean, seen from Sun-Earth L1?
What is the farthest blueshifted object to our galaxy?
Quantum tunneling in black holes
Super conductivity of black holes
Why does the author believe that the central mass that gas cloud HCN-0.009-0.044 orbits is smaller than our solar system?
Transit Method Curve
Is a black hole a three-dimensional or four-dimensional object?
What is the solar system orientation to its direction of travel?
What is meant by "there is no refraction at the zenith"?
A "strange" unit radio astronomy
Data on galactocentric distances of various stars?
Why the more-luminous star has larger surface area when two stars have the same temperature?
An image for the unified model of AGN
Does a planet's rotation speed and distance from its star influence the precession of its axis? And is the Earth's precession "normal"?
Why are saturn rings so thin?
Do astronomers have any idea what percentage of our galaxy’s stars move in retrograde orbits?
Last possible total solar elipse in the Earth's history
Scenarios: Abusing a black hole
Why does star formation cease?
Where is the North of the Universe
Is there any positive N on which it's agreed among astronomers that 10^-N is accepted as 0 (zero)?
Terminology for empty space at the edge of the observable universe?
Existence of planets larger than their host star?
What causes cold temperature extremes?
What causes hot temperature extremes?
What was the first astronomical measurement which demonstrated that "the Earth is surrounded by vacuum"?
Determine distance from the galactic center in DS9
Definition of the light that is projected by a celestial body/luminary
Vertical speed vector at which the sun travels to and from the galactic equator
Can a frost line exist around a protoplanet?
What fills the new space created during expansion?
Could Mars have oil?
How to calculate declination of Moon?
Mass of a potential black hole in a binary system
What percentage of Helium-3 is primordial vs produced in stars
Can we track matter through time by looking at different depths in space?
Did I see the dragon capsule on Friday night?
Did OSO-3 or any other spacecraft or ground telescope record the solar activity that is likely the cause of the May 1967 aurora?
Higgs field interactions in universe
How did the Big Bang occured if before that there was no time?
Is the moon inside earth’s atmosphere? If so, what are the consequences?
Conversion factors for flux
Tuning radio telescopes
Making sense of the lomb-scargle periodogram
When would we detect a tiny meter size natural satellit in a geostationary orbits?
Anti matter in Jupiter magnetic field?
Have any more "white dwarf pulsars" been discovered or searched for?
Can the Sun pull an iron asteriods in it's orbit into it?
Does matter accelerate to the speed of light as it approaches the singularity?
Mini disk of a blackhole meaning
calculating stellar visibility
Why Venus evolved so differently from Earth?
Why do planets and satellites in the Solar system look so wildly different if they came from more or less the same matter?
Was is the angle needed to see a glory (a rainbow-like effect) from space off the Earth?
Various moon orbits
Official degrees of earth’s rotation per day
How can it be known that Venus does not have plate tectonics?
Are red giants stationary or do they move?
Why is the moon that special? Is it really a well built coincidence?
A neutron star without a flat surface and an atmosphere?
Why is the moon drifting? Shouldn't orbital decay bring it closer?
Where can I find data on Mercury's orbit to fit a model to?
Why does the Moon appear to be flat?
Underground cave in Mars' Armstrong limit
Moon's path as seen from Earth
Is there evidence of super-heavy elements in the x-ray and gamma-ray spectrums of neutron stars?
Do neutron stars have something like a gamma-ray photosphere? Are gamma rays from below it limited more by the nuclei or electrons?
What's the soonest Oumuamua could return?
How to understand this multi-day exposure photograph of Jupiter and the Moon
How far does the Earth travel around the Sun during each month of the year?
Why are there no stars visible in cislunar space?
Why does gravity make time go slower and warp light?
Does Mars' "Northern ocean" have another name? What about the "Inland Sea"?
Did the International Space-Earth Explorer detect cosmic rays other than gamma rays?
What natural mechanisms could lead to the unlikely case of the same rogue asteroid or planet passing through our solar system twice?
Radiation from Neutron Star impact?
Can galaxy formation process explain Tully-Fisher relation in dark matter theory?
Why doesn't the fusion process of the sun speed up?
How far out would we need to travel to measure the "constant observer"?
If FTL travel is possible can i look back in time to a younger earth?
What could be observed with LOFAR in 230 MHz - 10.0 MHz wavelength?
Looking at the Expanding Universe through the lens of relativity
What is the highest angle the moon ever makes above the horizon at the North Pole?
What is the closest an asteroid or comet has passed the Sun and survived?
Seeing a line rather than a dot when looking through refracting telescope
What (the heck) is a Super Worm Equinox Moon?
Was NASA's 2007 attempt to see helions during a solar eclipse successful? What instruments were used?
Are gravitational waves part of dark energy?
Why do astronauts move so slowly in zero gravity?
How to "slice" a fits table in astropy?
How is this the last supermoon of 2019?
As the Universe expands, do things like planets expand also, or just the space in between?
Why does the Sun have different day lengths, but not the gas giants?
What's the object in the sky?
What is the organic material in Saturn's rings?
Can't pulsars and stars be used for gravitational wave measurement?
Sunset on [Mountain] from [Viewing Point]
How could a supernova seed solar nebula?
Would an X-ray-based pulsar timing array in orbit or on the Moon to study GW background be effective?
What's fixed in Ariel that is moving in other planet-hunting space telescopes?
What orbit is the smallest or takes the least time to complete?
What is the lyman-werner background?
What pole is closer to the galactic edge?
How much helium has been created since the Big Bang?
How to calculate the thickness of the ice crust on a frozen ocean planet/moon?
How strong are the Lagrange Points of Earth?
What will be the temperature on Earth when Sun finishes its main sequence?
Adjective for things outside our solar system
Earth orbit around the Sun and its position in the Galaxy
Why do these Hubble images of Neptune look like Cheela?
Pictures of galaxies, nebulae: which way is up?
Could pure iron from a star make it to Earth?
Did universe have finite hydrogen
Relationship between photometric colour and redshift
Relationship between photometric colour and redshift, part two
Measures for the degeneracy from protons?
Help understanding this unsettling image of Titan, Epimetheus, and Saturn's rings?
What projection would I use to map the northern night sky onto a geodesic dome?
How to draw an orbit from Orbital Elements using Transform3DGroup
'Geocentric' view of orbits
Is there a theoretical minimum mass main sequence star that can become a red giant?
Do white dwarfs lose mass as they fade to black dwarfs? Is there a correlation between temperature, mass, and radius?
Do white dwarfs produce stellar wind? If not, why is that?
Compare this planet to Earth and determined its habitability (can humans live in this environment?)
What is the relationship between AGN and [OIII]
At what annual rate are new exoplanets being recognized? How does it compare to new asteroids?
Is there a database of all known star names/identifiers?
Why does the Sun show different colour at midday and at morning?
What would happen if space-time began to contract?
What values can a color index variable get?
How to determine the mass of a galaxy?
How would I search within an angular distance of an object corresponding to a distance in parsecs?
Why does the sun have a convection layer and a radiation layer?
Spectra from Temperature and Emission Measure
Can Fermi Bubbles be produced in non-spiral galaxies?
Finding angle between a given sky position and ecliptic pole
Does the Sun's atmosphere have a scale height?
Does gravitational lensing provide time evolution information?
Why is only a narrow chunk of sky darkened in this amazing Curiosity solar eclipse GIF from Mars?
Within a given image of a multiple-image producing gravitational lens, does Fermat's principle apply?
Are astronomers waiting to see something in an image from a gravitational lens that they've already seen in an adjacent image?
Could a planet form without a molten state?
Discontinuity in space-time
Are quasars simply AGNs that are viewed from a particular angle?
Examples of radio correlations over times much longer than interferometric baselines?
Is the delay to correlate the signal from one dish to another on a VLA radio telescope longer for red shifted objects?
What causes "North-South ambiguity" when doppler radar imaging a planet surface equator on?
Does coronal mass ejection include radiation at optical wavelengths?
Does any asteroid we have ever seen have a hot core like earth.?
If objects don't move when the universe expands, how can the expansion result in redshift?
Expansion of space - how do we end up with an unobservable region?
Why would atmospheric absorption increase rather than decrease the antenna temperature in Penzias and Wilson's famous CMB observation?
Anisotropy of quasar distribution
Luminosity of the Milky Way compared to Seyfert galaxies
Do contact binaries such as Ultima Thule affect our current theories on how the Moon formed?
MeerKAT's Epic Image of the Galactic Centre, what are we seeing?
Is there an optimum orbit for a hipparcos/GAIA-like parallax observatory
Angle between earth's angular momentum and earth's axis
Non-thermal Sunyaev-Zel'dovich effect
Are there recommendations to use "Hubble-Lemaître constant" instead of "Hubble constant"?
Recreating Observer Ecliptic Lat/Lon from JPL Horizons using SPICE toolkit
Virial Shock Heating
The equation for calculating how many times Earth (or our solar system) has revolved around the Milky Way
Why did the Event Horizon Telescope take so long to take a photo of a black hole?
Tycho Brahe Danish Astronomer Religious?
What to observe with a remote telescope close to sunrise time?
Difference between zone time and local sidereal time?
How can the Event Horizon Telescope image Sgr A* when it's not visible from all sites at one time?
Why didn't the Event Horizon Telescope team mention Sagittarius A*?
Is there any difference between M87's image and predictions?
M87 Black hole. Why can we see the blackness?
What does it mean when there are two plus-or-minus signs for a measurement?
What is the orientation of the M87 black hole image relative to the jet?
Why not us interferometry to take a picture of Pluto?
How to calculate the light energy of a supernova?
What is the ice on Mars made of?
Why not take a picture of a closer black hole?
What is the smallest diameter black hole that can be formed naturally?
Why are there uneven bright areas in this photo of black hole?
Is this the best non-radio image of whatever's at the center of M87? How was it taken?
Do the actual false colours in the M87 black hole picture convey information?
If blackholes are spherical, what is the prespective of the blackhole image?
How to calculate the ground track of the Moon's position on the Earth's surface?
Generate East and North unit vectors tangent to a point on the celestial sphere, using vectors?
Does the "photo of a black hole" taken by EHT actually depict a visible light-based scenario?
Spectral shapes - Names used within the astrophysics community
Event Horizon Telescope Data Cleanup
What part of the EM spectrum was used in the black hole image?
What description of the image can we expect from the image of first black hole?
Why don't we see the gas behind the black hole?
Why isn't the black hole white?
What is the light source in the black hole images?
How do you fit a model SED to an observed galaxy spectrum with photometric data?
Can a star fall in a super massive black hole without getting destroyed?
What resolution would earth-moon telescope achieve?
M87. What was the black hole before?
Are circumbinary and noncircumbinary habitable zones mutually exclusive?
Why the chosen orientation for the M87 black hole image?
Why not capture also Milky Way's black hole image?
Why isn't the relativistic jet visible in the image of the M87 black hole?
Are there known objects rotating at close-to-light speeds?
Why is the ring of light around the M87 black hole bigger than the photon sphere?
What else could the Event Horizon Telescope Observe?
What do the lines in this Event Horizon Telescope and Global mm-VLBI Array infographic represent?
What does it mean when we say that information is potentially recoverable from a black hole
What is the actual resolution of Event Horizon Telescope?
What is the actual visual characteristics of a black hole?
Did the Moon ever approximate a geosynchronous orbit above the early Earth?
Smoothing an SED with binning
Do the "schwarzschild metric" or the "isotropic metric" fit the Event Horizon telescope data on Messier 87 better?
If a black hole does not emit light, how can one take a picture of the black hole itself?
Could the Sun have liquid iron in orbit?
Superscript-subscript uncertainty notation
What does the Sun look like from the heliopause?
How does the Large Binocular Telescope resolve so well in both orthogonal directions simultaneously?
Does interstellar cloud obstruct or reduce the visibility?
Why does the Event Horizon Telescope (EHT) not include telescopes from Africa, Asia or Australia?
Where is the intervening light in the M87 black hole?
Are we looking for brown dwarfs where the dark matter has to be?
Can the range of the observable universe be extended through an intermediary?
Knowing the RA/DEC of a star how do I locate a star from ground?
What is the farthest we can see into the universe?
Can we get the gas compositions from a gas planets?
What is the force that changes a satellite’s inclination when orbiting a planet with an equatorial bulge
How do radio telescopes gather information about visible light?
How does the black hole at the center of M87 look like in the visible spectrum?
How to correct observed flux densities for redshift
Clarity on dust extinction terms and implementation: R_V, A_V, and E(B-V)
Difference of Gas Giant Planet and Ice Giant?
What is that light of the middle of the milky way galaxy?
How to improve efficiency in periodicity detection?
Existence of a mass-volume astronomical chart?
Black hole density
How wide is the Moon's umbra and penumbra at EM-L2?
Is blue light not traveling faster then red light in space?
Is there a far away probe that has recorded the light spectrum from Earth as if it were an exoplanet?
How to determine the eccentricity, knowing the orbital speed and distance
Can anyone one show how speeds greater than c cause a paradox on a space time diagram?
Why is the Earth called terrestrial? Can we call the Earth an ocean planet?
Do we know the fluctuations and constant temperature depth of the moon?
Do we know the availability of any material suitable for solar cells on the moon?
How impermeable are the surfaces of the moon?
Why was helium hydride (HeH+) the universe's first molecule?
How can I get the fluxes of fetch_imaging_sample? - astroML
Why hasn't the Earth fallen into the sun yet?
cosmic-microwave-background - 2.7 degrees but does the Big Bang care?
What fraction of the time is EM-L2 in darkness on average?
What produces gravitational waves with "periods between about 100 - 8000 seconds"?
Radiative Flux, Irradiance and Luminosity confusion
Why does moon's highest altitude change during the year
Basis of color index
What happens if I were to add angular momentum to a maximally spinning black hole?
Can gravitational waves pass through a black hole?
Eddington luminosity in various plasmas
Historical Day Lengths on Earth
Could an object, assuming possible, escape black hole by travelling above constant speed?
Can you find your own location in space by measuring angles between stars?
How was this interstellar fireball observed and its trajectory analyzed?
If gravity precedes the formation of a solar system, where did the mass come from that caused the gravity?
Gravitational wave distortion
Mass of Photon and Black holes
Constant interval between pulses from all pulsars
If a photon were 1 Planck length away from the event horizon of a blackhole, would it be able to escape the blackhole's gravitational pull?
Polarization of an emission line
South of the tropics, where does the sun's noon shadow point?
What is the distance from Venus to Jupiter in km?
What actually determines the angular uncertainty of the source of a detected gravitational wave?
What has GAIA found out about the dwarf galaxy heritage of stars in the Milky Way, if anything?
Difference in observing hot stars that have been reddened and stars that are cool and red
How to differentiate elements that have same spectral lines in a star?
What is "g-98" in plots of stellar spectra?
Frequency of Earth type cores?
How exactly does Hawking radiation decrease the mass of black holes?
Is it possible for 'pre-big bang' empty space to have the property of being able to spawn matter and/or energy into existence?
Is the gravity on Kepler 39b higher than on the Sun?
How does the Hubble Space Telescope "Drift and Shift"?
What determines the surface material of the ALMA and Spitzer telescope?
Have caged molecules ever been observed in space?
How do astronomers convert radio signals received by their antenna to images?
Where do local users of ALMA live and work?
Which techniques are used to convert radio signals received by antenna to images?
What is the origin of the term "plane of the spirit level"?
How would I code to find the seeing of a binary star system in python?
Should the sun appear very low in the horizon if its path is always between the two tropics?
Trouble with plotting a graph for the Planck function
How would the combined masses of the Centaurs or the scattered disk compare to the combined mass of the asteroid belt?
If Earth is tilted, why is Polaris always above the same spot?
Is the equinox Sun always at the same zodiac sign in the ecliptic belt?
Universe as 3D projective space?
Why is Earth's rotation considered fast?
How to find inverse steradian from $\text{arcmin}^{-2}$ for density of galaxy
Seasonal effect based on Earth position
How to convert the observed magnitude of a Quasar to it's bolometric luminosity?
Need some sources on radiotelescope sensitivity
Is it more than a coincidence that the SEFD of the Arecibo dish is 1 Jansky?
What is the maximum distance measurable with parallax?
How long would an occultation by a TNO last?
How accurate are the new visualisations of V404 Cygni
What limits the use of the H-R diagram to measure distance (main sequence fitting), what distances is it useful for?
Would Hubble Space Telescope improve black hole image observed by EHT if it joined array of telesopes?
As matter approaches a black hole, does it speed up?
How to properly observe Solar Total Eclipse in 2019?
Does time dilation at the event horizon prevent us from seeing any changes?
Is it possible for redshift to be caused by light being somehow slowed down during travel?
Ideas about the origin of the "black hole - galaxy mass" relation?
What would be the obstacles to building a 6.5km space telescope besides cost?
What is the most mass that matter likely to form?
How to choose between methods to resample/interpolate ephemeris state vectors? Are there recognized techniques for orbital data?
How large part of the energy of the electromagnetic radiation in the universe is primordial
Is our Universe inside a black hole?
Have we measured or found evidence of a detectable origin point of the big bang?
Do photons slow down as they approach the event horizon of a black hole?
How can GAIA's accuracy for position, parallax, and annual proper motion for a given star be the same number?
How does a spinning black hole affect space-time compared to a non-spinning black hole?
Diamonds in Neptune?
Doesn't the energy conservation law imply, that the universe can't come to a Big Freeze?
Agena docking in First Man
What would happen if asteroid 99942 Apophis collides with the earth?
False-color wavelength assignments in this "drop-dead gorgeous" image of NGC 2903?
How would one figure out the rate of axial precession of a planet?
Does the Zwicky Transient Facility only run when triggered by a cell phone?
What does "negligible mass" mean in the formulation of geodesics equation?
Why is the equinoxes only 2 days and not more?
How to get ellipticities of galaxies from SDSS using casjobs?
What detail can Hubble see on Mars?
Why is time considered a (fourth) dimension?
Why hasn't the CMB already receded away faster than the speed of light?
When will the number of stars be a maximum?
Law of Conservation of Information?
Could Hubble's Law simply be light's frequency decaying over time?
A quantitive estimate of the size above which celestial bodies must be near-spherical
How are space telescopes stabilised to a perfect standstill?
Are there ways to estimate size of the "whole universe"?
What exactly is wrong with this plaque in Neil deGrasse Tyson's "back yard"? Has it been fixed?
Is it possible to do moon sighting in advance for 5 years with 100% accuracy?
What is the coordinate acceleration for pure radial motion?
Did Io start out as an icemoon?
What covers the outside of the Universe?
Birth of the Gas Giant Planets?
What is the name of meteoroids which hit Moon, Mars, or pretty much anything that isn’t the Earth?
How moon is visible during sun is still shining, simple explanation please!
Strong orange line in wood fire spectrum?
Question about tidal forces and the Roche limit
Are these real paths of planets as traced from Earth?
how to define the universe itself is expanding greater than than the speed of light?
Do stars come on like LEDs or wick lamps?
Power spectrum of matter in the Universe
How to caclulate the chinese Three Gorges Dam impact on Earth rotation?
Whereabouts of the Pleiades
Does the sun have cycles causing temperature changes on Earth?
Why do galaxies collide?
Why are cirrus clouds more common on Mars?
Understanding the statistical mechanics of Recombination Epoch ("Cosmology" Weinberg)
Why doesn't it hurt to look at stars?
Date of solstices pre-0 AD
Reference: First spectrographic observations by Fraunhofer
How to calculate solar coordinates. (Right Ascension, Declination, and ultimately the Altitude and Azimuth of the Sun)
Why does the moon 'peel' away from the horizon in this photograph?
How is “surface brightness dimming” derived from redshift in the NED extragalactic database
Moon's revolution around the Earth and it's rotation around it's axis?
How do I find stars within milky way using galactic latitude and longitude
Can we detect the wobble of neighbouring stars around their barycenters?
On a Hertzsprung-Russell diagram, why is the main-sequence line squiggly?
What is the likely closest encounter for a typical star during the Milky Way Andromeda Merger?
How is stellar mass of a galaxy obtained?
tidaly locked celestial body in three planet system
Obtaining TESS input catalog (TIC) IDs for Gaia `source_ids`?
Expansion of space or constriction of length scales?
Astrophysics of Supernovae - Energy over Distance?
Why would tidal forces on planets become more intense when a star becomes a white dwarf?
A good definition of specific intensity?
Are there any estimates for the combined mass of all near earth objects (NEOs)?
How to check what telescopes were looking at a certain portion of sky at a particular time?
Relationship between Periapsis and apoapsis longitude
Why are Bok globules so cold?
Question on dec 2013 answer to"How to measure the altitude and azimuth of a star?"
Is Enceladus the moon with salty water?
Why does the number of extrasolar planets vary in different sources?
Given a star's mass, age, and composition, how do I calculate the rest of its properties?
Ludwig's star distance
Is it plausible for a planet that is positioned in the habitable area of a solar system to have little extractable metals?
Why doesn't the solar azimuth vary uniformly
really fast moving star-like light
Is there a term for asteroseismology as applied to giant planets?
Extracting kinematics from stellar spectra. Why are template stellar spectra necessary?
How were the orbital sizes determined in ancient India?
Question from a non-astronomer /non-mathematician regarding rotation speeds
How did Arecibo make radar images of ice on Mercury's poles?
Could an Earth-like magnetic field protect life at exoplanet Proxima Centauri b?
Why isn't Earth tidally locked to the sun?
Calculating the range of visible Right Ascension and Declination from specific location + time
Are black holes spherical during merger?
Can I learn astrophysics and astronomy with my basic math?
Calculation of day lengths of moons or moons of moons
What is the temperature about 10 or 15 feet below Mars' surface?
Are exoplanets which are above escape velocity of particular interest?
Why a blue spot in some hubble images of NGC 4302?
Word for blue ring around the Earth
How much difference did the supply of "fresh" r-process elements make to the Solar System.?
How would a Fast Fourier Transform Telescope work without a mirror, dish or lenses?
How Did Early Astronomers Measure Distances?
What constraints are there on solid material in the ice giants?
What maintains the high orbital eccentricity of many exo-planets near their sun?
Is there a maximum Julian day?
Planets may repel each other in few cases
Can a black hole "supernova"?
How are pulsars detected from Earth?
Could images of (very) nearby targets be recovered from the EHT data
Line of lights moving in a straight line, with a few following
Stellarium script for sunrise times affected by topography
Second Telescope: Maksutov Cassegrain vs Refractor
Is the boulder on the peak of Tycho Crater the core of the impactor, or is it a random rock?
Apparent Ring of Craters on the Moon
Increasing distance of Moon from Earth
If a massive object like Jupiter flew past the Earth how close would it need to come to pull people off of the surface?
How does a rocket propel in a space?
Strange lights moving North
Four Lights (star like) Moving in a Line Together
To show perihelion precession motion of Mercury in Python with matplotlib
If the moon is losing energy dragging the oceans around, why is it moving away from earth instead of falling like any other satelite would?
What was the composition of the primordial asteroid belt?
String of satellites
Orbital decay of the Earth's orbit and Earth's moving closer to the Sun
Trans-Neptunian Dwarf Planet near Heliopause
How was the astrometry of the famous 1919 solar eclipse confirmation of General Relativity calibrated and verified?
Origin of heavier elements on earth?
What is the closest one could get to a black hole and still stand a _realistic_ chance of escape?
How to calculate planetary positions hundreds or thousands of years ago
Can a magnetic field of an object be stronger than its gravity?
How is the expansion rate of the universe obtained from Baryon Acoustic Oscillations?
How has the estimate of the number of stars in the universe changed over time?
How actively is Deep Learning being used in exoplanet identification?
what/how do we mean/derive statistical equilibrium equation of certain energy levels?
Invisible Mass Affecting the Expansion of the Universe
Has the Big Crunch been ruled out?
Long tube for eyepiece
What are the curved lines in this X-ray image of the sky?
How do we measure distance in space?
Where do Neutrinos Go if They Don't Interact?
Short term changes in celestial coordinates of stars
Do all stars of a given age and mass have relatively the same emission spectrum?
Does the expansion of the universe increase with distance?
How are constraints on dark energy improved the most?
Theoretical values of radius and mass of O9.5 II star
What are the most popular galaxies for which we have images?
Could the largest SMBH swallow an entire galaxy?
High quality, detailed images of planets on web
Stellarium software with DE431 for eclipse 10000 yrs ago
How can cosmological bubble universes "collide" with each other?
How do we find the king model of a globular cluster?
Hottest Possible Hydrogen-Fusing Stars
Sunrise and sunset times when compared between the vernal and autumnal equinoxes
Why look at an infrared telescopes's mirror with ultraviolet light? (Herschel Space Observatory)
Neptune's Internal Heat Source
How does one calculate inclination from a graph of radial velocity?
How to locate nebulas visible through AstroMaster 114 telescope without device assistance?
How to write a normalized, dimensionless form of Binet's relativistic equation?
How Reliable is Bode's Law?
Historic observational data - position of the planets
How much of the Universe is invisible to us, and how does it affect our theories?
Where will the planned Deep Space Atomic Clock orbit "after" Earth?
How is the size of a distant planet determined?
Does the sun have a vertical movment?
If a solar system were surrounded by a cloud of debris, is it possible for a planet's orbit to intersect it?
Three Body Problem
Water vapour in space
Comet mass loss
Why is true and average anomaly of planet important?
How can we calculate velocity of an object given the distance from an object in parsecs?
How is it determined that the X-ray and radio intensity come from a magnetic field bridge between two clusters of galaxies?
Are any bow shocks seen in the visible spectrum?
What would you find within a void?
Are occultation observations used/useful for orbit determination?
Plot SuperWasp Lightcurves
Are horizontal branch stars fully convective?
Full picture of our galaxy from the outside
Sorting out Julian Day, Julian Date, Julian Day number, Julian Day Calendar, and Julian Day Table
If fusion only happens near the center of the sun, what's with all the "fire" on the surface?
What's the actual speed of electromagnetic radiation in space?
Discrepancy Between Results of Cosmological Observations & the Assertions of Quantum Mechanics
Custom telescope
Converting an RGB image to fits (astropy)
Plotting Galactic Longitude from 180 to -180
Using emission lines to determine redshift of a quasar
In what form was dark energy stored 6 billion years ago?
evaluate solar eclipse Besselian elements?
Draw the celestial sphere for latitude, showing the star Sirius, Estimate the approximate date when Sirius rises with the Sun
Quasar Redshifts
Recording Spectral Lines at Home
What does it mean for space to expand?
How can the oblateness of Earth impart torque to change the longitude of ascending node of a satellite?
Why didn't all the iron and heavier elements find their way to the center of the accretion disc in the early solar system?
Causes of emission of accretion disk
Exposure time for spectroscopy compared to photometry
Why can't we feel the Earth's revolution?
What Is The Maximum Distance Our Finest Instruments Could See When They're Perfected?
Hypothetical: Is the interstellar wormhole too close to the black hole?
Does the density in the core of a "higher mass" star stay generally constant while it evolves on the MS?
Struggling to understand the phases of the moon
Black hole properties
How do we know the radius of the universe is 47 billion light years?
How do CMB photons 'gain energy when they pass through normal regions of space with matter' and 'lose energy when they pass through voids'?
Is it possible to know if you are travelling close to the speed of light if you have nothing to compare your speed with?
Stars readjusting themselves in the sky
How "fast" do astronomical events occur?
If space is negative energy and matter is positive energy then does that mean the universe is finite?
If the space is expanding near the speed of light or the speed of light, why Andromeda is approaching or coming near to our galaxy (Milky way)?
How to find the source of the light?
Why do things float in space, though the gravity of our star is always present?
Dynamical modelling of galaxies with counter-rotating components using the Schwarzschild method
How to calculate the orientation of planets at current epoch
Telescope was working and now it's not
Excluding a rectangular region from an image in FITS
How Essential is the Vacuum Energy to Our Present Model of the Expanding Universe?
What is the magnitude of a star, if we halve the distance to a star of apparent magnitude + 4m?
Universe is expanding, why doesn't time expand with it?
Neutron star r-process nucleosynthesis
Depth of primary and secondary minimum in a light curve
Question about expansion of space time
Is the newly discovered exoplanet 'Teegarden b' habitable?
Book recommendation
Roche lobe - flow of mass
Why the torque exerted by the moon upon the Earth makes the Moon to increase his orbit?
Is the longitude assigned to sunspots spherical or projected?
Where can I find a database of galactic spectra?
Undisturbed planetary alignment after galactic collision
Saw moving stars in the sky
What if there was an asteroid belt with the mass of a planet?
What's the number density of `Oumuamua like objects?
Relation between phase and magnitude
What kind of effects can maintain Uranus' rings' eccentricities?
Does space being at right angles to time imply that the expansion or contraction of each occurs in a direction opposite the other's?
Is the universe older than 13.7 Billion years?
What is the radial dependence of the density of Jupiter or Saturn?
dull rock/potato-shaped object seen with naked eye, moving in straight line during night. What could it be and is size and speed estimation possible?
How to deal with data that's billions of years old?
Has Hubble ever been used to try to image a near Earth asteroid?
Where a database of different z values of redshift can be found?
What does cz mean?
Small orbital body detection
Why did this meteor appear cyan?
Brown Dwarf Cloud Models
Brown dwarf cloud models
Higgs Field inside a White Dwarf
Has the effect of other planets on Earth's orbit been ever measured?
If two black hole event horizons overlap (touch) can they ever separate again?
Why is this Einstein ring pink?
How long does it take for an asteroid to get to Earth?
Gravitational waves: how can scientists derrive the sizes and spin and distance of two merging black holes?
Can Eight Retrograde (seen from Earth) planets occur?
Are all satellites thought to be the result of collisions with the planets?
How to calculate the distance to galaxies with standard candles?
Stars that don't fit $L=4\pi R^{2}\sigma T^{4}$?
How are "parallel fields" implemented on the Hubble Space Telescope?
What causes these asteroid trails to be so strangely shaped and repeated?
If I could see from a Gravitational-Time dilated place to somewhere far which is not dilated, would I see fast moving people?
Observable universe equals its Schwarzschild radius (event horizon)?
Head on collision of two black holes
Galaxy-Galaxy Weak Gravitational lensing signal
Why can you see both aurorae at the same time?
Why do scientists assume they can measure the shape of the universe if it is also widely believed to be infinite?
What would change if Venus rotated at a speed and direction similar to Earth?
What is the time dilation less a magnetic field?
periodic inclination change circumbinary planet
Aphelion and the solstice
Can someone tell me what is exactly the curvature per mile in earth?
How does time dilation from a large body fall off?
Eccentricity from Analemma
If the Mars polar caps were melted, how deep would the oceans be?
Wormholes man made are real?
Number of obscured AGN compared to unobscured AGN
Examples of absorption lines for main sequence stars
How do you draw the ecliptic on a celestial sphere sketch?
Q: Calculating the luminosity of a galaxy
Unable to locate Big Dipper through Polar Axis Finder
Does the Milky Way orbit around anything?
Where asteroids disappear
The sun's SOLAR WIND VS MAGNETAR
Time taken for journey to the moon
Is Digital Adaptive Optics Possible?
Attach a visible light telescope to the outside of the ISS
Validity of ephemeris time
What keeps the planets of the solar system moving in their fixed orbits?
Sagittarius star cloud?
For what kinds of solar research does observing a total eclipse during a sunspot minimum "reduce the amount of 'clutter'"?
What compounds are present in 3C273?
What effect does Earth losing a part of its mass have, is there an impact on the Earth's orbit around the Sun?
How are microlensing events used to constrain the size of innermost stable circular orbits around spinning black holes?
How much delta-v does a typical geostationary satellite carry?
Where can I find a good solar irradiance chart for the infrared?
Cosmology : Formula for the bias of galaxies
From whence is the Event Horizon Telescope black hole data available for amateur reconstruction?
Why different specifications for telescopes and binoculars?
Old Telescopes versus New
How could the polarizer in early coronagraphs make the Sun's corona more visible against the daytime sky?
Regions and size of an AGN
Is TDB monotonic? Does it or any of its derivatives have yearly discontinuities with respect to an atomic clock?
Why are Shack-Hartmann sensors so expensive (4k+ USD)?
Can you create a black hole using kinetic energy?
What are some examples of routine human activity times for certain cultures/peopes that are based on the position of the sun?
Which star / galaxy is moving away from us the fastest?
Theories on Oumuamua-like-object distribution in the universe?
Comparing different magnitudes. Is this statement correct?
What would happen to the atmosphere of a rogue jovian planet?
Could the solar system survive in a void?
Converting the log (Stellar Luminosity/Solar Luminosity) and the log of the plus and minus variation
Why do these astronomers say that "Carbon chains with more than nine atoms are unstable"?
How to identify component of velocity of a star from its red shift?
How do I plot galactic coordinates using matplotlib and astropy in python?
How feasible is it that we could see the Central Black Hole Sgr A* occlude one of it's closely orbiting stars?
How far have individual stars been seen by radio telescopes?
Which Lowell Observatory telescope is this? (used to draw Moon maps for the Apollo program)
Why does this Lowell Observatory telescope have so many knobs? What do they all do?
Comparing info for WISE and GALEX
Requirements for an amplifier and filter for a horn antenna-based 21 cm radio telescope?
Could an Applegate-like mechanism operate in AM CVn systems?
What exactly is a Right Ascension clock and how was one (mounted on a telescope) used in practice, historically?
I need help with an equation for figuring out the surface temperature of Red Dwarf!
Why can't supermassive black holes merge? (or can they?)
Are there any double stars that I can actually see orbit each other?
How to convert magnitude to spectral luminosity?
Relation between oscillator strengths $\log{gf}$ and the Einstein $A$-coefficient, rotational quantum number,
Finding the precession period of folded light curves
How do a planet's moons and a planet's rings interact?
How do two supermassive black holes reach "the last parsec" in merging galaxies?
What resources do C-Type(Carbonaceous) Asteroids contain?
Planetary Declination and Axial Tilt
What will be the end of the universe?
Why does the Earth have a z-component at the start of the J2000 epoch?
Why aren't globular clusters disk shaped
How can we estimate if a certain astronomical object will be visible from a place on earth?
Why can't we observe a solar eclipse and the preceding/following lunar eclipse from the same place?
Why aren't globular clusters disk-shaped?
Breakthrough Starshot; could we detect similar probes flying by Earth?
When did the first annular eclipse happen?
What would happen if a Sun-like star were to consume a Jupiter-like planet?
What would be the scientific impact of locating the Thirty Meter Telescope at its alternate site?
Telescope focal point and inversion
Earth's perihelion vs winter solstice
Did Edmund Scientific 4¼ inch Newtonians have 90° prisms as secondary mirrors in the 1970's?
Kepler space telescope undetected planets
Size of a black hole
How would water-ammonia oceans behave?
Any studies of the detection of dark matter in or near the solar system?
How long would it take for a black hole the mass of our sun to swallow our solar system?
Photometry systems
Why do astronomers use the equatorial coordinate system that moves, instead of one based on fixed, distant stars?
Any good books to read for complete beginners?
Do we know of any tidally-locked planets with atmospheres?
Speed of Moonrise relative to fixed point on ground
What is assembly bias in context of cosmology?
Relationship between Hubble paramater and absolute magnitude
Covariance matrix not calculated when fitting gaussians?
Pauli exclusion principle - black holes
What if the atmosphere of Titan were like the one on Venus?
Does anybody recognize this kind of prism?
Fermi-LAT gamma ray spectrum too high
Does nucleosynthesis happen near a black hole or during its formation?
Would radio telescope located anywhere within a 100 light year radius detect our radio emissions?
Lunar eclipse above the atmosphere
What is the density profile within the Sun's photosphere? Which one of these is wrong?
At what depth below the Sun's surface does the density reach that of water?
How young could the asteroid belt be?
Satellite in orbit in front of and behind the Moon
Does Nickel show up in spectra of Nova?
Why does matter spiral into blackholes?
What is the effect of this expanding universe on the energy density of it?
How do I download PSRCHIVE and Tempo2 for pulsar timing on Mac Mojave?
How do I use Tempo2 Pulsar Timing Software?
Supergalactic and Equatorial coordinates
Nicolas Copernicus discovery
Is there a way to factor age into the mass-luminosity relationship for stars?
Will LSST make a significant increase in the rate of astronomical event alerts?
Is there a standardized "Astronomical Alert" system?
Which things can LIGO see that LISA can't, and vice-versa?
Tycho Brahe's model
Expected nature of LISA's data; will it be more like a forest of static peaks, or a series of individual events?
How did they measure the distance to the center of our galaxy to 0.3% accuracy?
How far have stars been seen beyond the center of the Milky Way?
What is the final destiny of a photon?
Could Mercury be the creator of Earth's Moon?
Any plans for TESS after it finishes northern sky survey?
SMC and the Milky Way
Two body orbit dynamics for orbital periods approaching light cone limit
I saw TWO moving stars going at the same speed! What could this be?
Could the Universe really be 12.5-13 billion years old?
Could the rotation of a black hole cause other planets to rotate?
Uranus' axis of rotation-when discovered?
Turn celestial coordinates into light years
Why does an open universe expand forever, while a closed one does not?
How to create unique 3d star maps?
Can a black hole formation be stopped or interrupted
What kills us in the event of two galaxies combining?
How do I calculate Allan Variance (maybe for pulsars)?
When was it realised that most major moons orbit in the equatorial plane of their parent planets?
How does the orbit of a 2-body system evolve as it orbits a more massive 3rd body?
First spectroscopic detection of Uranus' rotation?
How well would the Moon protect the Earth from an Asteroid?
2019OK energy at impact
Is there any free stacking program that stack images which are not aligned?
In which countries are there organised Messier Marathons?
What would happen to black holes during the Big Rip?
If the Moon were impacted by a suitably sized meteor, how long would it take to impact the Earth?
Are there galaxies with 2 or more super massive black holes orbiting each other?
How to correct a spectrum for galactic absorption and for redshift?
How to do logarithmic wavelength binning (in Python) in order to find redshift?
I am looking for the SKYMAP Api (To create nightsky/star maps)
Can we observe changes in the CMB (surface of last scattering) over time?
Difference between first (focal length (fl.) 500 mm, ocular (o.) 10 mm) and second telescope (fl. 1000 mm, o. 20 mm)? (both 50 x)
How to listen to our world from 10,000 light years away?
Why are there no photos of exoplanets?
How can we see stars if they are hundred years of light far from the Earth?
Warming Mars by increasing dust infall?
Tilting cycle vs orbital cycle of earth
What Would Be the Maximum and Minimum Luminosities of a G-Type Main-Sequence Star?
Lorentz transformation for stars
What weather is present in Jupiter's great red spot?
Meade ETX-90 with computerized mount slews too far during auto-alignment
On the consistency of different well-polished astronomy software
Geo Helio and RA
When and where are we exposed to most cosmic radiation?
Orbital Resonance
What is the significance of minus sign in the expression of apparent magnitude?
How thick was Earth's primordial atmosphere?
Does this smartphone photo show Mars just below the Sun?
If the earth stopped spinning what would happen to the moon
What decides the shape of a galaxy?
Energy to expand
Snowball Earth brightness
View of other planets from the Earth
Black hole's gravity
Slow moving star like objects in the night sky
SDSS Image Download: Swarp returns all zeros
How to interpret error of absolute magnitude of a star given data from wikipedia?
Does light from the sun reach the surface of Venus
Will intergalactic travel be impossible in roughly 15 billion years?
Do gravitationally bound (e.g. orbiting) objects really resist the expansion of space?
Relativistic Mercury orbit around the Sun
Are red dwarfs (M dwarfs) known to be strong infrared sources?
Why do transits of Earth across the Sun seen from Mars follow a pattern of occurring after 26, 79 then 100 years?
What's the origin of Clyde Tombaugh's 9-inch Newtonian telescope?
The size of Copernicus’ and Ptolemy’s corrections
Could Tabby's star be beamed by a neutron star's jet causing irregular star spots?
What is this "Table of astronomy" about?
Planets positions (azimuth, altitude) API
Could anything consume a small black hole?
Dark energy and light red shifting
Have more recent LIGO/VIRGO gravitational wave measurements narrowed down the speed of gravity further?
Origins and most frequently used; perinigricon vs peribothron?
How did they estimate the mass of Sgr A*'s companion G2 without knowing what it was?
What is the hottest thing in the universe?
Can an Earth-like planet survive if our Sun went Supernova?
How did Arecibo detect methane lakes on Titan, and image Saturn's rings?
Textbook advice
"Table of Astronomy's" depiction of the solar system models
How does a Super-Massive Black Hole 'flare'?
Are there any simulations of the Grand tack?
Local Bubble in space
How does the Moon's gravity affect Earth's oceans despite Earth's stronger gravitational pull?
The dominance of Gravity vs Strength and its dependency on crater size
Control the behavior of a Black Hole
Can dark energy or dark matter affect black holes
Apparent Magnitude / Apparent Brightness relationship help
Why is Saturn invisible in this radar image of its rings?
Why is our Sun hotter than UY Scuti?
PSF magnification
Why is the Sun's Luminosity not equal to the Zero Point Luminosity?
Questions about Planck’s law
Why didn't the parachutes on the Apollo 14 Command Module bump into each other?
Assuming no light pollution, was "2C. 1406" ever visible to the naked eye?
Could anyone recommend a good book about the basics of astrophysics?
How does the illumination of the sky from the sun compare to that of the moon?
What is the meaning of ellipticity of a galaxy being more than 1?
How do you call it when two celestial bodies come as close to each other as they will in their current orbits?
More recent data and simulations of "Milkomeda", the collision of the Milky Way and Andromeda galaxies?
SPICE Alt Az example
Why would a tidally-locked rocky planet have a first-order spherical harmonic surface temperature distribution?
Why does Titan have an atmosphere while similar moons such as the Galilean moons don't?
What are realistic and unrealistic values for the high energy gamma ray spectral indices of pulsar wind nebulae?
Clearing the Neighbourhood: Definition of 'Orbital Region'?
If all stars rotate, why was there a theory developed that requires non-rotating stars?
Could a Jovian or Saturnian moon keep its atmosphere if the system was within the habitable zone?
Estimating the abundance of type-Ia supernovae using magnitude limited survey
What is the relative velocity between planets in different solar systems?
Does astro means space or stars
Why do I see rainbows around the moon?
Textbook to explain measurements and calculations for heliocentric solar system
Maxwell stress contribution to $\nabla \cdot \mathbf{P}$ in the Navier-Stokes equation for fluid in stars
Can the patterns in the CMB be detected by off-the-shelf antennas/sensors?
In System KIC 9246715, How Far Does One Star Orbit the Other?
Why don't we see evidence of glaciation on Mars, similar to Earth's Ice Ages?
Why do most people not know about the visible asteroid that passed by in the early 90's?
Rendering stars in 3D space - AbsMag to OpenGL scale values
Why does matter stay collapsed in the core, following a supernova explosion?
Is it possible to determine an observer's position on Earth from a photo of the night sky and the time of the shot?
Is the eventual heat death of the universe due to the expansion of the universe?
Is it a star or something else
Brightest most colorful star in eastern morning sky not near any constellations; rises about 4 or 5 am?
Are there any to-scale diagrams of the TRAPPIST-1 system?
Draw celestial sphere
If Jupiter were to absorb all other planets in the solar system, would it reach degeneracy pressure?
How Wide Would the Habitable Zone Be in a Singular Red Giant System?
Is Earth's climite significantlly different when the one solstice occurs at aphelion rather than the other?
Does the magnetic field of earth restore?
Are the planets in the TRAPPIST-1 system so close that inhabitants on one planet could see surface details on the other planets?
Is it possible that Venus was once a rogue planet?
Are there any to-scale diagrams of the TRAPPIST-1 system
Is it realistic to have a livable planet with a quarter the size of earth but the same gravity
Size of the earth from the moon
What is wrong with this measurement of the synodic period of Mercury?
Latest Planet Collision 2019
How can I observe Sgr A* with itelescope.net
What am I looking at here at Google Sky?
Astronomy and Image processing
How can I obtain raw observation data of stars surrounding Sgr A*?
Change of orbit with change of mass?
Are these stars in MASCOT image of Ryugu?
What is the most Earth-like exoplanet candidate?
How Long Will Earth's Year be When Our Sun Goes Red?
Can a system of three stars exist?
Did NASA/JPL get "waning" and "waxing" backwards in this video?
Probability of collision of another bubble universe with our universe
Which database of celestial objects do stargazing apps use?
