Does the Fokker 70/100 Flight Management Computer really contain the ability to play Pong?
What is this turn called and how is it performed?
How long is the horizontal stabilizer on a Boeing 737?
Does this type of stabilizer exist?
How often are slats used on airliners?
Do pilots really wear "pilot's watches"?
How is the the turning error of an aircraft magnetic compass calculated?
What's the advantage of the F4U Corsair's gull wing design?
Does stall angle of attack in inverted flight change due to the camber of an asymmetric airfoil?
What are some disadvantages that come with a design like a B-2 spirit bomber?
Why are some aircraft finally announced to the public?
Do logged hours with a Sport Pilot instructor count towards a private pilot certificate?
Can I fly in the USA with an FAA ATP, if I don't have a commercial certificate?
Does cargo heat failure require a diversion? What about if there are live animals in cargo?
What equipment is used by Boeing to convert the F-16 into an unmanned aircraft (QF-16)?
What advantages come with the wing on the Boeing Bird of Prey?
What is vortex lift?
How to enter an inverted spin?
Are transponder codes 7701 - 7777 ever used?
How does a non US pilot buy a N reg plane?
Advantages of square over circular engine nozzle?
Why do VTOL aircraft (F-35 or Harrier) have only one engine?
Where can I find records about accidents in the South Vietnam Air Force?
What is "airside inspection"?
What is the meaning of “American 755, turn right, heading 320"?
What risks come from passengers taking baggage during emergency evacuation?
Can countries introduce new aviation policies unilaterally?
What are the lettered and numbered signs next to airport runways and taxiways?
What's the point of having ILS on runway signs?
Why can gliders fly for so long?
How do ER models store more fuel?
Why do some fighter jets have movable horizontal stabilizer instead of elevators installed on the stabilizers?
What are some differences that make the new 737 MAX winglets more efficient than a conventional winglet?
Can a U.S. President have a non-government owned aircraft that would routinely be given the call sign AF1?
Will flying cars fall under aviation regulations?
what are the ways to avoid skidding off the runway apart from thrust reversers?
What is a take off roll?
Is it possible to modify an AV-8B Harrier II to a supersonic aircraft by applying some modification?
What methods are used to make a turbofan engine spool up quicker?
What's the reason for this frog finger shaped parking lots at Köln/Bonn airport (CGN)?
How do the propeller blades accelerate air resulting in thrust to push an aircraft forward?
How are evacuation tests made as realistic as possible?
What did Paris' de Gaulle airport look like before the t2 expansion?
Do presidential aircraft use additional call signs?
What are the differences between Normal and Utiltiy Categories
Would this work to reduce turbine engine spool times?
How do pilots "turn an airport around" at nontowered fields?
How could it be possible to fully prevent wing tip vortex formation?
What is downwash on a wing and how does it form?
What would prohibit a T-38 Talon from being certified in the Acrobatic category?
How does a coaxial rotor helicopter achieve yaw?
What are these things under Airliners wing?
What is the purpose of this helicopter fin antenna?
How is engine fuel kept from freezing?
Why was the engine of the Ju-87 Stuka not replaced with a more powerful one?
Do Jabiru aircraft have a long history of engine failures or other technical issues?
Is the user interface design of ATC equipment generic across countries?
How "powerful" is a wing tip vortex?
Does radar altimeter work over the ocean?
How does this vortex form inside a jet engine?
Which organizations and individuals are invited for a review before the first flight of a new aircraft?
In helicopters, why not have electric motors controlling blade pitch?
Can radar detect a small flying device with MEMS microengines?
How does EGT work?
Why don't passenger aircraft use the trijet configuration anymore?
What geographical area does a METAR report cover?
What is the belly pod on this Beech A200 Super King Air?
What are the differences in design considerations for ground attack and air dominance aircraft?
Why is mist abbreviated BR on METARs and TAFs?
What is the official term of a plane flying under another plane to avoid radar?
How does stall risk in paramotors differ from that of conventional fixed-wing aircraft?
What are these parts on STOL/bush planes?
Can one become a scheduled airline pilot with just one functional eye?
In a non-symmetric turn, how do the side slip angle and thrust side slip angle affect the equations of motion?
What is the purpose of those casing treatments and how were they designed?
What FAA sources of weather information can pilots use to mitigate the risk of flying in icing conditions?
How does a pilot file a PIREP?
What is a heat dissipater and how does it work?
Are commercial aircraft required to have the model number painted on them?
Would the flyby in this video be illegal under 91.119(a)?
Vapor trail disappears then reappears
Why fluids are forbidden in flights, while nitrate- and peroxide compounds aren't?
If a helicopter's tail rotor fails, is it possible to perform an emergency landing?
How is auto-rotation different in coaxial rotor helicopters?
What in-flight weather info is available to commercial pilots?
Why can't helicopters fly at high altitudes?
In what conditions is the APU used in midair?
Can airliners operate without an operating APU?
What is the one-engine-inoperative maximum range flight configuration?
How does a (non-pilot) arrange a tour of an ATC facility?
What are magnetrons installed on aircraft used for?
If this is not a Lippisch L-13, what is it?
What is the stress tolerance of landing gear of commercial aircraft?
How often are aircraft flown by two FO's?
What US airports have approaches with LAAS?
why are there no production canard GA aircraft?
Is a horizontal stabilizer necessary on an aircraft with a tandem wing?
How airworthy was the BV 141?
What are the specs for runways at international airports?
Is the ILS CAT III system the most complex landing system available?
How does the shape of the blades on N1 fan on a turbofan generate thrust?
Why are most weapons in AC-130 on the left-hand side?
Under what conditions can the maximum angle of climb be achieved for jet and propeller aircraft?
How do drones overcome latency?
Is it possible to fly with counterbalanced single blade engines?
What is this thing between the engines on the F-14 Tomcat?
What can I be allowed to do as a engineering/ maintenance intern at a european airline?
Why does this B-52 carry a payload only on its right wing?
What is this B-52 carrying?
What is the height of the Boeing 747-8 landing gear?
How to maintain straight and level flight after a climb?
What weather products do you use to determine whether or not a flight is safe?
What do the callouts "approaching minimums" and "minimums " mean?
What information might go in the remarks section of an IFR flight plan?
What is the most simple plane lift equation that gives realistic solutions?
What is the performance of a flat plate wing?
Will IATA codes run out?
Do any aircraft carry spare parts for making repairs?
Why are safety demonstrations done while taxiing?
Where are the communications antennas normally located on general aviation aircraft?
Why don't we use elevator trim as the primary flight control?
Can planes take off from a treadmill?
Would a headwind result in a faster propeller rpm?
What size/engine/payload aircraft would be needed for carrying two passangers and a motorcyle?
Why do aircraft use hydraulics instead of pneumatics?
How should a glider pilot signal turns to the towplane?
Is it possible to determine the mass flow rate through the engine of MiG-21 during its various cruise Mach no. operations?
What are the types of these 3 single-engine aircraft and one Multi engine aircraft?
How to determine the MAP for an RNAV MDA approach?
What happened to the blades in this picture?
Where are the bags generally stored on an airliner?
How does fuel get to the engine during acrobatics?
Why could these aircraft not prevent total hydraulic failure?
How to get out of icing conditions asap?
Why do jet engines take a long time to throttle down?
What appears on EGT Gauge if the mixture is rich or lean?
Could the cargo hold of an aircraft be re-designed to carry passengers?
Is it the engines or the fuselage that limits service ceiling?
What are the safety demonstration time-constraints?
How does a Secondary Surveilliance Radar send data?
What factors determine where an aircraft can dump fuel?
Are there any aerospace examples of applying a boat tail?
How many staff are needed to support aviation on an aircraft carrier?
Can a jet engine be restarted after a catastrophic failure?
What causes tail-down force?
Can a plane land safely if it loses power during approach?
Do vertical stabilizers create vortices like wingtips do?
What are these antenna-like protrusions for on an airliner?
Can espresso be made at cruising altitude?
Are airline ICAO codes unique?
Why is the fuselage on an airliner circular-shaped?
What are the concerns and consequences of an overweight landing?
Time Tracking: Does Turboshaft count towards Turbine time?
B-52s that are not in service demolished?
What does the ATC instruction "Make left traffic, runway 19L" mean?
What do aircraft designers like Burt Rutan do to cheaply practice geting good at designing aircraft?
What is the effect of moving the centre of gravity ahead or behind the aerodynamic centre for HALE UAVs?
How long before departure can an IFR clearance be copied?
What is meant by the term "Code on request"?
Regarding the 1902 Wright glider. Why is the airspeed, Va, calculated adding the ground speed, Vg, and wind speed, Vw?
Can an airliner fly out of a downburst?
What is this oddly-shaped plane?
How to correct for crosswind in VOR holding pattern without wind information?
What are the differences between a GPS coupled autopilot and a GPSS autopilot?
Did the 1500 hour rule expire?
How are different parts of airliners handled after the end of life-cycle?
Is a new type of TSA pre-approval required before commencing flight training?
How can a plane fly far longer than designed?
What are the statistical probabilities of commercial aircraft accidents?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of level flight with a nose-down attitude?
How reliable are Lycoming and Continental general aviation piston engines?
Why are turbofan inlets circular- or oval-shaped instead of square-shaped?
Is there's any risk using modern C++ compiler on DAL A Display Application Flight Software?
How can a tug be referred to as company?
Is it legal to fly an aircraft with no navigation beacons, and only solid lighting?
What are the dimensions of the protected space provided by a holding pattern?
Why would an airport use crossing runways for takeoff and landings?
Why jet engines can differ in shape?
Why does the B-52 take off without rotating?
What's the reason for the local flap extensions at the shockbody locations?
How Centre of Gravity (CG) is adjusted?
Can FMC be programmed to do fast maneuvering in fighter jets?
Why don't stealth aircraft designs use podded engines?
What are these circles around the propeller?
How to determine aircraft altitude and speed, as a passenger?
When will I hear the sonic boom from a plane flying towards me?
What factors should be included when calculating hourly aircraft operating cost?
Where can I find that video of a college built blown wing aircraft?
Why can't model aircraft be used to discover spin and stall behavior of manned aircraft designs?
Why are flight simulators bad at predicting drag and lift values at high angles of attack? (the nonlinear flow regime)
In Aircraft Design, is the ratio of fuselage surface area to control surface area meaningful for calculating flightworthiness?
Why would aircraft take-off in the opposite direction as landing despite wind direction?
How complete is our understanding of lift?
Which trigonometric algorithm does an FMS use to determine distance between waypoints?
Comparing the Lilienthal and Wright gliders, which one had a better glide ratio?
Why developing F-35 is harder than F-22?
How does the aspect ratio of the vertical stabilizer affect stall speed?
How is control of the airplane passed from one pilot to another?
Airbus is to fly-by-wire as Boeing is to...?
What do airliner manufacturers do with aircraft for which have no buyers?
Did the XF-84H Thunderscreech really cause "900 sonic booms per minute"?
What is this device they bring on board from the jet bridge when we park?
What is fly-by-wire?
Can an aircraft or helicopter run into its own wake vortex?
Is there a standard text for parachute design?
Why Black Boxes are not capable of transmitting its Critical Data directly to satellite?
Are sun's UV rays more harmful on an airplane at high altitude?
Is there any way we can predict an air crash?
When should I use the global Reynolds number and when the local Reynolds number?
Are the current seat belts used in commercial airlines safe enough?
What safety systems are currently being developed for crash situations?
How can the canard configuration increase the aircraft's maneuverability?
Do stealth designs have canard configuration?
What are the advantages of a variable-incidence wing as used in the F-8?
Why is Airbus proceeding with both the A330neo and A350 XWB?
How do windshear warning systems work?
Why did Airbus skip a few numbers when developing the A380?
How do redundancies work in aircraft systems?
What material are High Pressure Compressors made of?
How is heavy cargo secured in military cargo carriers?
What is the main difference between an ETOPS certified and non-ETOPS certified plane?
How is mass flow rate computed?
Unmanned Drone vs Conventional Manned Fighter in Combat: How realistic?
How can the radar range for ATC be estimated based on stated maximum radar range?
Who invented the canard wing?
Why are military drones shaped so strangely?
Why does the F-22's wing give it such great maneuverability?
Why did the YF-23 never enter service?
Is a VOR check required to legally fly an ILS approach under IFR?
Why do my flights always use runway 24L at LAX airport?
What are Runway Declared Distances?
What are these suffixes used after the call sign?
Is it okay to ask the Call Sign of the plane to Pilots / Flight crew during boarding?
What does the runway distance mean under "Additional Runway Information" on Jeppesen plates?
Why do airlines have geographical names in them?
Costa Rica landing in the news, concerns to be taken seriously?
Why does the vortex created by wing affects its own angle of attack?
What kind of materials is being used for Fighter jets glass shields?
Is it possible to lift a ship sized vehicle into the sky by following modern day aerodynamics and aircraft design?
What common forms of deice and anti-ice exist and what future alternatives are being researched?
Areodynamics of ancient flying machines. Did they really worked for them?
How to calculate the stability derivative of Pitch Moment with respect to AOA rate?
Why has the maximum service ceiling of Boeing and Airbus products remained about the same for 30 years?
How did Wilbur Wright create and use the formulas he mentions in his letter to Octave Chanute?
Why is this airfoil curved upwards on the bottom part of the airfoil?
Is airspace above KKIC class G at 3,500’ MSL?
Are there technical means to enforce aircraft speed limits as well as regulatory means?
Could a plane land vertically in a strong headwind?
Can a fighter jet be hit by guns?
Does every Safety–of–Flight Test (SOFT) include full testing of each and every equipment?
Can biplane or triplane designs be revived with modern materials?
Can construction of an airport lead to more foggy weather?
Is the aft position the ideal place to fly a large aircraft from?
What if traffic should give way to me but doesn't appear to be?
How do pilots in the US identify the circuit (pattern) height?
Why is the AWACS' rotodome located at the back and over the aircraft?
Has there ever been a plane not controlled from the nose?
What is the minimum speed for a scale-model of a modern commercial aircraft to fly?
Is there a boomless sonic technology in any state at this time?
At what altitude did Concorde go supersonic?
If a pilot waves back, does it violate the sterile cockpit rule?
Why do some non-towered airports have class E airspace from the surface up?
Can an IFR clearance be issued and flown through IMC in class G airspace?
What is this equipment under nose of aircraft?
What level of G-force does our body experience when we are traveling in a passenger plane?
Do aircraft use the same or similar warning alarms for different alarm conditions?
Do cockpit panels have an indication that oxygen masks in cabin have been deployed?
How do airliners prevent raising the gear on the ground?
What is the diffference between landing lights, taxi lights and external lights?
Does a 1lb crow expend only 7.68 Watts to fly at 37 km/h?
What is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?
Has the design-flaw with the Boeing 737's cabin-pressure switch been fixed yet?
Where can find Service Ceiling of an aircraft?
Does an accelerating airplane also start climbing?
Do airlines black-list certain movies on their inflight entertainment system?
Why don't cockpit windows suffer pressure leaks?
Do codeshare & alliances conflict with competition?
Why are there two IRS switches on the 737NG?
How many checklists are there for a commercial pilot for the entire flight?
What is the requirement of a higher glidepath/approach angle and is this a flight safety issue?
How does the airline decide how many meals to load aboard a flight?
Has the financial situation of an airline ever negatively impacted safety?
Why do the Lycoming HIO-360 A1A and IO-360 engines produce different power?
How did this Boeing 787 perform this near vertical takeoff?
How is ACS different from PTS and when does it replace PTS for FAA certification?
How long is this part of the Boeing 737 and cockpit?
Are airliner flight plans/routes preset?
Is it normal for visibility to be missing from the METAR?
How does the Space Shuttle slow down during re-entry, descent, and landing?
Why is the maximum speed of current fighter aircraft lower than those from the 1960's and 1970's?
Where to get information on FAA AIXM 5.0 versions of Special Activity Airpace (SAA) files?
When is a fuel pump needed on GA aircraft?
Is breaking a FAR an issue when flying outside of FAA jurisdiction?
Could improper deplaning of a flight with full fuel tanks cause the plane to tip?
Can an aircraft be controlled after an ejection?
Did the Space Shuttle boat tail used in the transport configuration save fuel?
How is the battery power on the Airbus A340's electric system switched?
Winglets vs Sharklets vs Blended wingtips
Is there any "instrument take-off system"?
What is the chime that can be heard roughly 30 seconds after takeoff?
How does passenger unloading order prevent plane tipping?
What is the incidence angle of a propeller in the terminology of the Wright Brothers and how did they obtain it?
Why do winglets reduce maneuverability (of fighter jets)?
What is the fastest single-engine civil turboprop aircraft with cabin seating?
What steps can pilots take to mitigate the risk of controlled flight into terrain (CFIT)?
Off-center fan in geared turbofan - does this exist?
What is the primary means of IFR navigation for private pilots?
Why don't pilots control window shades & seat recliners?
What was the yearly number of MiG-15's produced?
Can a UAV defend itself?
How were astronomical observations performed from Concorde?
How do aircraft windshields not crack when flying at supersonic speeds through precipitation?
Where can I get a history of METARs?
Do any airplane designs exist that don't involve a flight surface that provides downforce?
Is sustained inverted flight possible with any of today's commercial jet aircraft?
Why aren't there more stringent checks for switching off electronic devices during takeoff-landing?
Could bypass air be used to cool a rocket engine like in turbofans?
When to turn on deice boots?
What component of an aircraft is most likely to fail?
Do we shake more if we are seated towards the tail rather than in the middle or the front?
How to control fear of flying?
What is the difference between CAN and ARINC?
Why do some turboprop engines require motoring after shut down?
Can aviation HF radios receive while transmitting?
What does the crosshatching mean on this VOR-DME?
What is a Terminal Radar Service Area (TRSA) and what are its operational requirements?
What steps have been taken to rule out instrument failure due to blocked static ports or pitot tubes?
Lost radio communication after take-off in IMC - what are my options?
How can I mount my iPhone 6 in the cockpit to record my flights?
What is the significance of the exclamation mark (!) on ACARS page of a Boeing 737?
Which UK airport uses different approaches for noise reduction?
Are composite materials, which are being widely used in newer aircrafts, better at handling bird strikes?
How does the Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6 differ from other turboprop engines?
Can delamination be detected early?
What could cause an inadvertent squawking of 7700?
Who flies planes on ferry flights?
Why have different departure hall and arrival hall locations?
Does ATC handle non-regular widebody flights differently?
Can a non-A&P fabricate and install his own hydraulic lines?
Where can I get an list of ATC phraseology terms in Spanish?
How is the amount of time for an A check or daily maintenance determined?
Why don't transponders have active and stand-by value like radios?
How much is a used airliner worth?
How do small planes cross oceans?
How does ATC deal with a crew who is not capable of a clear pronunciation?
Where is the only Aerostar 800 ever built?
What could these possibly incorrectly translated numbers for aircraft speed have been?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a delta wing compared to a swept wing?
What is the thick, dashed, magenta line on a sectional chart?
Why do the Cirrus SR-20 and SR-22 have the CAPS (parachute) system?
Do quadcopter propellers break the sound barrier?
Is it possible to drop a payload via anchored parachute?
What is the cause of the whiny noises in cabin of the Boeing 787?
What are the costs and labour hours for converting a B767 airliner to an aerial refueling aircraft?
Why is the Tu-95 so efficient despite having propellers that spin faster than the speed of sound?
Which commercial jet aircraft have the option to install ACT (Additional Center Tank)?
Is this a wing-tip device on the A-10 "Warthog"?
Why is a model quadcopter 'better' than a helicopter? Why doesn't this scale up to the full-size versions?
What is the teardrop-shaped appendage on the T-6 Texan?
Where is the first Boeing 747-8 ever built stored at today?
Has there ever been a report of a helicopter flying into a downburst?
Where is a missed approach point for circling while flying ILS?
Where is the regular wheel brake input on modern airliners?
Does Smeaton's coefficient have a modern accepted value or it is dependent of the air density?
If an Osprey found itself unable to rotate its engines to vertical, what would be the emergency procedure for landing?
In case of a drone strike with an airplane below 400 feet, who is at fault?
How much distance do I need between quadcopter propellers to avoid issues?
When is an aircraft handed over from Center to Approach?
What are the common mnemonic devices used to remember equipment required by 14 CFR 91.205?
What do pilots operating under FAA 14 CFR 91 have to do to fly in any of the Special Flight Rules Areas (SFRAs)?
Does full nose up trim provide approximately the elevator pressure for Vg?
Is there an FAA regulation to switch off the air-conditioning during take off?
What is "Director" in ATC?
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 - Why didn't Malaysian Air Force scramble jets?
What is the typical climb angle (versus the ground) of a single engine piston plane?
How many aircraft can airline put in hangar?
Does the EASA LAPL(A) have a FAA equivalent?
What does YF stand for?
What effect does cold weather have on helicopter performance?
Are the fastest moving pieces of a jet engine supersonic?
Why do turbofan blade tips exceed the speed of sound while prop tips should not?
Why does the Piper Malibu require a type rating?
What education is needed to become a civil pilot?
What is this orange container labeled "Flight kit wheel"?
How to decide on which side of the runway the approach path indicator (VASI, PAPI) are placed?
Can commercial airliners fly over hurricanes?
How much time does it take to calculate the leveling and weighing of big and small aircraft?
which part of aircraft maintenance or inspection that could be automated to avoid maintenance error?
How are folding wings managed?
How can I progress from tactical aircraft mechanic in the air force to an airline?
Why do glider licences have fewer restrictions than powered aircraft?
How do runway declared distances affect my takeoff distance?
Can I accept a SID if I can't make the required climb gradient on a single engine but have no problem on two engines?
Is it possible to control the inlet Mach no. of the engine during flight?
Who can perform different maintenance checks?
Is this a good or a bad propeller?
Who is responsible - CFII or the Private Pilot?
Does the profit from selling duty-free items on board justify flying the carts?
Why is the rear seat ejected before the front one?
Why are aircraft tyres not grooved horizontally?
Why this huge discrepancy in flight times?
Why do military turbofan engines use a low bypass ratio?
What kind of WWII aircaft is this?
Why does landing gear retract with an offset?
What was the first plane that allowed walking during flight?
Why don't helicopters prefer shorter rotors with more blades?
How is horsepower measured for aviation piston engines?
What general aviation single-engine piston pressurized airplanes are there?
Are there any helicopters equipped with pressurized cabins?
why does it cost so much just for an hour of training?
Is there any reason in principle that large aircraft couldn't be converted to be controlled remotely?
Why don't helicopters always takeoff from a hover out of ground-effect?
Do Cargo fly very short routes?
Does Active Thermal Imaging (NDI method) detect all types of structural faults in modern civil aircraft?
Where can I download the coordinates of navigation fixes/intersections?
How does a full fuselage and structure inspection happen in practice ? (for modern Civil airliners)
Why does this calculation show Gustave Whitehead's propellers were more than 100% efficient?
Can you breathe with a drop down mask under water?
Are there winglet modification regulations?
How is the length of a leg calculated?
How are Landing Fees Collected?
How do you catch a runaway blimp?
Why isn't aircraft structure inspection done by robots? Is there any known active research on the subject?
How is non-standard OAT accounted for?
Can you identify this plane?
What is the difference between EFAS and FSS?
What are these holes in the engine inlet?
Can the V-22 autorotate?
Should helicopters fly when they the lack power for vertical climb out of ground effect?
Are control inputs different during autorotation?
What are the qualifications for a small airport manager?
What is the purpose of the cabin temperature probe run from the gate?
How do you cope with an asymmetric flap extension?
How do pilots get enough sleep in preparation for a long night flight?
Does the cockpit have an alarm to warn about fuel leakage?
What is the role of baffles in Fuel Tanks?
Why isn't the airspeed indicator the primary instrument for power during a constant speed climb?
Can ailerons be used for pitch change in the event of elevator failure?
How do I calculate aircraft range with these parameters?
What is the main difference between Class C and B Radar Service?
What is the expiration period for a 3rd class medical certificate?
What is the process to remove frost off an airliner?
What factors should be considered when taking private pilot renter's insurance?
Why is the F-35 engine nozzle exposed?
What avionics systems are interfaced with ACARS?
Is there any regulation to ensure that life jackets and safety cards are on-board?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of ultrasonic in aircraft structure inspection?
How much can falling down due to a stall influence the angle of attack?
Why was the Bell Boeing V-22 Osprey not worked on more?
Why is there a plateau in helicopter H/V diagrams?
What is a straight wing on an airplane?
How was this old beacon used?
Why does the co-pilot sometimes keep a hand on the throttle as well as the pilot?
Can 'neutral static stability' only be achieved by constantly augmenting the control surfaces?
Why maneuverability and top speed are still issues in 5th generation air superiority fighter jets
Why did the early versions of the Me-109 use a braced stabilizer?
What are the differences between air brakes, spoilers and lift dumpers?
What percentage of airplanes are involved in a crash in their lifetime?
Why do police helicopters always fly in circles?
What is the difference between a nacelle and a cowling?
Is the ILS only used for landing when weather conditions are poor?
How is a traffic pattern oriented, entered and exited?
GPS transmission from Aircraft
Is it possible that meteor could strike a commercial airliner?
Does RTCA/DO-254 apply to power electronics?
What types of non-permanent GoPro mounts exist for the ceiling of a Cessna 172?
What is the relation between the Lift Coefficient and the Angle of Attack?
What is the ultraviolet signature, if any, of aircraft and jet engines?
Why is the flight path from Taipei to Tianjin not a straight line?
How come the ground effect has such a different outcome for wings and cars?
Why are the 737 trim wheels located so close to the seats?
What is Special VFR? Why would a pilot request it?
What conditions cause the gear-up warning to sound on a Bombardier DASH-8?
Which part of aircraft is contributing the most weight of airplane?
How can I find aircraft and airline listing data for planespotting?
Do airlines prefer younger pilots after a cpl?
Which of these is true for a glider flying with constant angle of attack?
On crosswind landings, is it preferable to side slip or crab on final approach?
Why is the gear handle shaped the way it is?
How is the pushback tug connected to the airliner?
What would happen if you turn on all air vents simultaneously?
On the V2533 engine, what protections do the FADECs provide against uncommanded unstow?
How to find total climbing time based on Rate of Climb?
How do I find a plane's history when booking a flight?
Is it normal to be scared of flying before becoming a pilot?
How does a helicopter rudder work?
Can any aircraft adjust the wing dihedral in flight?
How can an aircraft hover almost vertically?
Is Jetman flying above other aircraft allowed? How it is possible?
Can the ILS be shut down?
Why are traditional knobs not replaced by touchscreens in cockpits?
How do canard flaps work?
Why is flying in a slip uncomfortable?
Why did the XB-70 have folding wingtips?
What are the differences between third-party base maintenance, line maintenance and component maintainance?
How to locate the owner of a 5' styrofoam wing found in a field?
Extent of ATC control on an aircraft
Is it practical to descend in a lost communication scenario?
What is the reason for the poor low-speed characteristics of sweptback wings?
Can an aircraft be docked at the gate from the right seat?
What is the typical cruising altitude for a civil airplane?
Why did the CL-400 Suntan have engines on the ends of its wings?
Can people who suffer from motion sickness become pilots?
Do crews look for "Dr." on a passenger manifest to identify medical doctors?
Why is the quality of radio communication bad?
What is the effect of uneven ground on ground effect vehicles?
Does ground clutter exist over the ocean?
What is the concept behind being able to continuously pour iced tea while rolling an airplane?
Are there cameras which can show external components of an airplane to help pilots determine a fault?
What parts of the 787 are produced with 3-D printing (besides air ducts and hinges)?
Why are the cockpit displays swapped between the captain's and first officer's sides?
Are propellers obsolete?
What are the services that MROs provide for corporate jets (private jets)?
Can an aeroplane ever be so far away from an airport that it cannot land?
Under what conditions may a colorblind pilot fly a Light Sport Aircraft legally?
What are the printouts/paperwork a captain does at the check-in desk?
If a stall is at the same angle of attack what is the stall speed?
Can a commercial pilot fly passengers for hire without an air carrier certificate?
Is it possible for more than one airplane intercept the ILS at the same time?
Do commercial aeroplanes use ABS to brake?
What is CVG in turbofan engines?
Should time in turbojet aircraft be logged as complex?
Why do cabin crew also man check-in desks?
Do software simulations and wind-tunnel tests accurately predict Cd and Cl in real-world conditions?
What are the advantages, disadvantages and current state of affairs for text-based ATC?
What is the difference between an air carrier and a commercial operator?
Why not use flaps in take off from High Density Altitude airport?
Why wasn't a scramjet used for the Concorde?
How does ATC maintain separation between aircraft flying at different speeds?
Can you become a pilot with an Asperger syndrome diagnosis in Europe?
Why most military transport aircrafts use turboprop engines?
What's the technical name of the side window on Boeing and on Embraer?
How long is a winds and temperatures aloft forecast valid for?
Can I leave my smartphone turned on in the checked-in luggage?
Are “zero-bag fares” really profitable for airlines?
Jettison and Dump fuel - Do they have separate meanings?
Does landing in extreme weather conditions require any different or special training?
Is NOAA GFS winds aloft data available for applications?
Why should a test flight should be performed when the propellers are changed?
What crash does FAA SAIB CE-10-11 refer to?
What is the lighting technology behind the Dreamliner's dynamic interior lighting?
Should I open a door or window when there is smoke in the cockpit?
Which US airport historically has the most days in which VMC prevail?
Which aircraft maintenance repairs require a test flight?
Can test flights carry passengers?
How many warning signals are voiced in modern airliners?
What does a dollar sign mean in a METAR?
How high does a jet have to be to hear its radio call?
How much impact can be taken when flying in formation?
Does the "Maintenance Indicator" sign on a METAR imply we can't trust it?
Can hours at an FAA flightschool be credited to an EASA PPL?
Why don't some airlines assign seats to passengers?
What is this racetrack-shaped Special Use Airspace, and why isn’t it on the VFR sectional?
Why does this NOTAM make me think GPS is unavailable?
Is ATC connected to the Internet & why?
What wind change gradient is necessary to be classified as wind shear?
What happens if a language other than English is used over the radio?
Can a helicopter have a fully mechanic "elevator"?
What procedures will cockpit crew follow during a sudden depressurization?
Is it possible to control an aircraft on the runway if the nose gear collapses?
What are the types of class E airspace?
What are the FAA regulations concerning controlled descent of a light payload?
What are the advantages of more than 4 propeller blades?
Why didn't the U-2 spyplane have any chaff?
What examples of Janitrol heater failures can be found in NTSB reports?
What are the rules for "see and be seen" when you suspect a potential conflict in class G airspace?
How accurate is the barometric altimeter in the Tu-154?
Do airlines employ FAs from their destination countries?
When receiving a TCAS RA, DESCEND DESCEND, and starting the descent, if a pilot received GPWS warning, TERRAIN, what would they do?
Is there any cockpit procedure used to avoid shutting the good engine, instead of the bad one (on fire, for example)?
Why is the planned Kingdom Tower Skydeck unsuitable for use as a helipad?
Which airports have the highest fuel upload?
What does the term "tanker" mean when used in regards to a passenger airliner?
Do helicopters try to take off and land into the wind?
emergency and/or 7700 squawk database or API?
Is there a preferred turn direction for helicopters?
Is there an instrument departure procedure or minimum performance gradient in the absence of a published standard instrument departure?
What does Alternate NA mean on an approach plate?
Why do some approaches have suffix letters such as Y and Z?
Why don't DO guidelines have examples?
How do pilots manage metric altitude?
How many pilots are required in an Airbus A380?
Is there a standard format for pre-departure clearances?
What are these aircraft? Seen in silhouette over Palm Springs
What type of airspace is an Atlantic Low Control Area?
What does this METAR remark mean? 'RMK RWY 7 ATIS G LL'
Is there a preferred wind direction for a helicopter in hover?
Has there ever been an commercial airplane with rear-facing seats?
Aircraft Emergency Evacuation slide inflation system: Why is a mixture of CO2 & N2 used instead of pure N2?
Is baggage always offloaded when a passenger does not travel?
How is passenger baggage transferred, and how does it happen so quickly?
What should pilots state initially when telephoning a weather briefing facility for preflight weather information?
Can you log PIC for dual time after you have your PPL?
Is it legal to use handheld radios to listen to airport frequencies in Australia?
What is the maximum Mach number for a titanium aircraft?
Why is the nose of the Mig-21 shaped so differently compared to other fighter aircraft?
How can I get started on a winglet design for a small remote controlled aircraft?
How much fuel aircraft should carry to complete flight plan?
Why was brown chosen to represent the ground side of an attitude indicator?
What dictates the shape of the attitude indicator display on the PFD?
How does a fire suppression system work?
What do pilots actually see through the windows?
How does auto landing work?
What lifting gas was used for barrage balloons during the world wars?
How are engines mounted onto wings?
Which "warnings" are issued when a military aircraft is going to enter foreign airspace?
Could wingsuits replace or supplement ejection seats?
For light, GA aircraft, is there a "standard" turn, and what does that mean?
What is the use of heading bug?
How can bird hazard be avoided?
Why are 4 engine civilian turboprops not produced anymore
Does lift coefficient vary with the wind velocity for a given angle of attack?
Why does a jet engine acquire a metallic whine when in full power?
Can pilots use PAN PAN Medical, even if they were not on MedEvac mission?
Why does a hydraulic system failure increase the landing distance?
What and when was the first gyroscopic flight instrument introduced?
Why would a passenger airliner be missing windows in the fuselage?
Is this BA15X flight a logistic flight for British Airways?
How would a detachable cabin module work?
How heading bug is calculated during cross wind and tail wind?
Is there a standard for the trip paperwork packages that are used by the airlines?
Why is the Eurofighter's nose gear door shorter than the bay?
Are there competitors to Jeppesen making Electronic Flight Folders?
When an airport has helipads, why would a helicopter take-off or land on a runway?
Is there a particular reason that EasyJet uses U2 as their code?
Can I count simulator hours towards a commercial flight certificate training?
What is the purpose of the small fins on top of the wing surface of Boeing aircraft?
How should the pressure coefficient distribution from a wind tunnel experiment be interpreted?
Is it economically viable for Emirates to use a 777 for some of these routes?
Does the 300 hp IO550 conversion require an auxiliary tank on the Cessna 182?
What is the feasibility of converting an F-22 to carrier use?
Do fuel reserves take into account the possibility of a constant headwind?
How do aircraft differentiate between missile locks?
How strong must wind gusts be to prevent landings and takeoffs?
Is the autorotation in San Andreas movie realistic?
How many hours of test flight does a general aviation aircraft go through before delivery?
Is it possible to upgrade an old F-16 to the Block-60/62 standard?
Could a fighter aircraft be operated indefinitely?
How dangerous was the turbulence on this commercial flight?
Which airport is featured in this Delta commercial?
Constant TAS versus constant GS: What is the influence on turning circle?
Can you help me to identify this helicopter?
What is this "flap-like" thing on the back of the F-15?
When is a transponder required below class B airspace?
Is there a tool to plot locations within X nm of a position?
Do GA gasoline engines have a tendency to cough, and splutter?
What is the lowest allowable circuit height in Australia?
How is this rotor setup flying?
Has anyone successfully solo'd a helicopter with no actual flight experience?
How to read this step climb profile? FL STEPS CYUL/0330/TUDEP/0340/NETKI/0350
What is Tropopause height, and how is it determined?
How to read a TAF report which looks like the following?
Does waverider have much lower drag than Sears Haack body?
About how much drag does a non-operating engine create?
Should people flying UAVs be called "Operators" or "Pilots"?
How do airlines provide crews for the return leg of a long-haul flight?
When are procedure turns not required?
Why is a procedure turn required if you are more or less on the final approach course?
What are the "channels" on the A320 Rudder Travel Limit Unit?
Is stall recovery training mandatory for Airbus pilots?
Why is volcanic ash hazardous?
Do any aircraft out there use negative lift?
Is there any current knowledge of a 747 being used as a drone for military applications?
How can an airplane fly with single propeller without rolling over?
Is the Boeing AC-25A Banshee a real concept or a gimmick?
Why can't armrests be raised on window and aisle seats?
How do you choose engine placement for under wings engines?
What are these lights above the panel in a Blue Angels cockpit?
How can one quickly estimate interference drag for a configuration?
How can a military combat pilot indicate surrender?
Is an aircraft's maximum landing weight really weight, or is it mass?
Why are Airbus captain control sticks placed on the left when most people are right-handed?
Sidestick vs. Yoke
Are commercial aircraft water tight by design?
Why is there a difference between aileron upwards and downwards deflection angles?
Why are some engine nacelles thicker than others?
What do you do when your engine quits right when the airplane starts off the ground?
How does radar detect turbulence and wind speed?
Can a private pilot fly commercial-type aircraft?
What prevents a government from selling/leasing publicly owned airports?
Can trimmer and throttle be used for controlling large aircraft
What is a public airport?
Could a commercial plane seat configuration look like a troop carrier?
Means of protection against hunter-killer UAVs
Why is Hydrazine used to power the F-16's EPU?
How many bird strikes are there per year? Any world-wide statistics?
Why does the F-35 Lightning II have only 1 crew when the F/A-18 Hornet had 2?
Will talking about sleep problems with my doctor jeopardize my medical?
How is the wind direction and wind speed measured in flight?
Why are aircraft designed so that the wing stalls before the tail?
Will this diagnosis from my cardiologist prevent me from getting a Class 1 JAA medical?
What is the official FAA definition of the term enroute?
Are passengers really not allowed to change seats before take-off due to weight and balance?
What are the consequences of flying GA without a license (certificate)?
Are jets deliberately excluded from the "Complex airplane" definition?
If a pilot license is revoked by a country's aviation authority, can the pilot still obtain another license?
What is a flameout and how does it occur?
How are aircraft identified as unregistered?
What does a helicopter "gas prod" gauge measure?
FAA: May I log as cross-country a flight with two or more short legs?
Do unused parachutes need to be repacked? If so how often and why?
Do airlines schedule departures based on average environmental conditions of departing airport?
How does aircraft maintain precise speed, e.g. in formation flying or refueling?
Was there any progress in ramjet-powered helicopters after 1960?
Design winglets to counteract tip vortex
Why are airplane passengers boarded from front to back?
What is a Polar airplane?
How is the air traffic managed at a field with many privately owned aircraft?
Is it possible to fly with throttles staggered?
How is performance downgraded if the windshield is damaged in flight?
Why is being a commercial pilot stressful?
How can a large passenger aircraft's owner remain unknown?
What is the relation between throttle position and engine thrust for a turbofan?
What are the performance trade-offs in the Icon A5 spin resistant airframe?
What is Jet-A made of?
Does useful load increase with more horsepower?
What is the FAA definition of solo flight?
What is the significance of Slip-Skid Indicator in PFD?
How critical is it if a pebble blows into a propeller?
What is a tactical penetration descent?
What changes do narrow-body airliners undergo to serve (relatively) long routes?
Are most/all flights affected by a noticeable amount of turbulence?
Can PPL, CPL, and ATPL be completed within a year?
Which compressed air and fluid are generally used by oleos?
Do services still apply foam carpet on belly landings?
What triggers the PTU (Power Transfer Unit)?
What is the typical reaction time for most pilots?
How do gyroscopic instruments work?
Why are 737-200 engines more susceptible to separation?
Why does the Airbus A320 series seem to rock left and right in level flight?
Does tailless means no tail at all?
Is there a difference in landing fees for charter and scheduled flights?
Are there any manoeuvres that would be considered unrecoverable in a General Aviation / Training Aircraft?
How to remove clogging in aircraft fuel nozzles?
Why do Airbus sidesticks add their inputs?
What are the FAA regulations on grass airstrips?
What are typical insurance premium reductions for renters and owners as they earn instrument and commercial tickets?
What do pilots do to prevent DVT?
When do I have to hold during an instrument procedure?
what is the use and the locations of nacelle hinge bracket?
Why do we have a booking code and a ticket number?
What is the difference between a partial stall and a full stall?
How is a stalling speed not affected by airspeed?
What is the reason for not providing glide slope guidance on the western approach to Innsbruck?
What free online educational resources should pilots in training be aware of?
Should 3 takeoffs and landings to stay day current be solo?
Air to air Missile Guidance vs countermeasures
What preparations should I have to fly from the US to Mexico?
Will Lockheed Martin Flight Services send me ACAS, EasyActivate™, and other text messages if I file my flight plan through ForeFlight Mobile?
How do airlines manage routes when respective aircraft undergo B,C or D checks?
Is the Suntoucher CG too far aft?
Which Thrust-Reverser-Systems are used by which engines and aircraft?
How are the accessories of fighter jet engines oriented (Turbojet or Low-Bypass-Turbofan)?
Rings around propellers
On the F15-E, can the WSO take over if the pilot is incapacitated?
Why east-bound flight is faster than the reverse flight along the same route?
Is there any data repository of discontinued commercial routes?
Can I use my aviation handheld transceiver on MURS?
Why do we call it a ramp?
Why do we call it an apron?
What's the difference between fog, fog banks, and fog patches?
Can someone/something other than the pilot trigger the ejection seat?
Should I avoid testing unnecessary equipment?
Can you help me to identify a Boeing 727 maintenance task involving a safety risk for a research project?
What is the meaning of segment in MTRs?
How do I keep my home address private following new aircraft registration?
Can the lift fans used on a F-35 be driven by a turboshaft engine instead of the jet engine? If yes, which one?
Which came to be first - bigger airplanes, or longer runways?
Why would a canard wing be more prone to icing than a stabilizer?
What is a "departure" in the context of flight testing / maneuvers?
Is there a requirement for self-locking / positive locking electrical connectors for aircraft systems?
Why is carburetor heat use discouraged on the ground?
What type is this Syrian light attack aircraft?
Is there a reason to be worried about go-arounds as a passenger?
Why does linear airfoil theory break down at hypersonic speeds?
What causes descending aircraft to make a noise like a giant blown bottle?
What is the difference between regulatory and nonregulatory airspace?
What general aviation operators might hire a low time pilot?
Why does the Canard Rotor Wing use a Canard?
What is an Enhanced Vision System?
Will VR make large professional simulators obsolete?
What is the make and the model of this seaplane?
What is the significance of hover performance in helicopters (HIGE, HOGE)?
What does "Clear Of Clouds" mean in reference to Class B Airspace in the United States?
Why don't Russian aircraft sell as much as their European/American counterparts?
Can a helicopter operate continuously in a small, enclosed, sealed environment?
Is this the shortest route served by an Airbus A320?
What is the difference between a fix, a waypoint and an intersection?
What is the typical temperature of an airliner's hull during flight?
What is the true meaning of the word "roger" when used on the radio? What is its origin?
What is the true meaning of the word “wilco” when used on the radio? What is its origin?
Can instruction be given during a flight conducted under 14 CFR 135?
In case of transponder failure, can I use my ADS-B out (Stratus II) serve as a back-up?
Do captains and first officers always fly together or are they mixed?
Why is the DC10/MD11/TriStar vertical stabilizer noticeably smaller than other contemporary aircraft?
How do fast-flying aircraft avoid overheating?
Do aircraft use the majority of their fuel to overcome friction?
History and results of the GE90 B747 Test
What does ® mean in the Chart Supplement (A/FD)?
How are operators of small UAS craft supposed to know about flight restrictions?
How does flying below the freezing level in a thunderstorm help avoid the most critical icing?
Why do some airport towers avoid monitoring 121.5?
In G1000, how can I intercept a victor airway with multiple legs?
Where do military aircraft carry flares?
Is there a universal departure recovery procedure?
During the early design stages, what parameters are considered in determining the weight of an aircraft?
Is there similar result between simulation and reality?
What are the reasons why we do not have VTOL commercial airliners?
Could the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft do a transatlantic flight with a Space Shuttle orbiter on its back?
Who decides whether an airline docks at a jetbridge or parks at a remote stand?
Can a non-instrument rated safety pilot log PIC during an IFR flight?
What modifications would be required to use a DHC-6-400 for Carrier Onboard Delivery work?
What are the structures on the sides of and aft of the canopy on Israeli F-16s?
How may I verify WAAS channel number on G1000?
LPV/LP approach (RNAV with WAAS): What is actually the "channel number"?
How do flap track guides work?
What are the advantages of the angled flight deck layout used by some aircraft carriers?
Is there a procedure for landing on an aircraft carrier when the tailhook fails to deploy?
What are the advantages of a Pelikan tail compared to a V-tail?
Does the first portion of a trip that was < 50nm count as XC on a long trip?
Under what circumstances should the pilot not flying intervene without asking for aircraft control?
What type of supersonic intake does the Dassault Rafale fighter jet have?
What happens if an aircraft declares an emergency while there is another aircraft ahead cleared to land?
Was the Shuttle Orbiter in contact with air traffic control during its descent & landing?
What could cause an irregular climbing pattern on takeoff?
Can a someone with just a PPL log PIC time on a non-transport commercial flight?
Could Concorde have used swing wings?
Why is radar required on some FAA instrument approaches?
Why do the RNAV (GPS) approaches to KAPC not use the same missed approach procedure as the ILS/LOC approach?
What are the procedures to get a revoked mechanics certificate reinstated?
Does installing a PTZ dome camera outside the aircraft violate any FAA rules?
Could an airliner (in theory) fly truly "backwards"?
What is the meaning of the crosshatch marking on altimeters?
Why burn fuel at departure airport instead of flying to destination before emergency landing due to deflated tire?
How does an airport catch up when it is behind on traffic?
How to read the propeller range chart for DHC-6 Twin Otter?
Is it legal to make a non-military stealth plane?
Why do airlines over-estimate/over-calculate flight times?
What is the purpose of these odd "control surfaces" on the BAE Taranis?
Looking for the correct propeller shape to create a small copter
Would an airliner be allowed to take off in snow?
Which modern passenger aircraft has the simplest, most automated systems?
How else can snowy/icy conditions disrupt airport operations?
Flight with 9 holding patterns before landing on the wrong airport
How "over-engineered" were old planes and how "over-engineered" are they now that we have more advanced testing and research options?
I have an Australian CPL, what do I need to fly in Indonesia?
Why would maximum fly-time (endurance) not coincide with max L/D operating point?
What are the ways to burn fuel faster in case of emergency without fuel dumping system?
How do rocket engines produce more thrust than aircraft jet engines?
Does the ARCA hoverboard violate known limits on small-diameter electric fans?
How did this incident report detailing a flight taking off and landing at Glasgow result in safety changes at a distant airport?
Can I log simulated instrument time in a complex plane without having a complex endorsement?
How much power is drawn by a turbofan to power its own compressor?
What is the aerodynamic effect of a panorama (skydeck) near the tail section of a commercial airline?
Can Turborockets replace Pure Rockets?
What is the rationale behind very short distance flights?
Do auto-flaps exist?
Why aren't there simplified fly-by-wire helicopter controls?
Is deicing fluid harmful to the environment?
How are runway conditions measured?
Was the Space Shuttle landing sequence executed manually or automatically?
Would it be feasible for a typical passenger jet to carry along its own Oxidizer?
Do airline pilots routinely carry out "gross error" checks?
Are these pressure and velocity distributions calculated by CFD simulation correct?
Why does the cabin pressurisation switch have a manual mode?
What are the most common cockpit system and instrument failures in small airplanes?
Why don't planes use pulsejets?
What are the differences between a slot and a slat?
Before a flight, what are the most important things to check in an aircraft (walkaround)?
There are some types of landings, can you, please, clarify them? Or even add some other types
Which supersonic airplanes use Pitot Air intakes?
What are the advantages of single vertical stabilizer over a twin set?
For what reasons might a taxiway be mistaken for a runway?
How many of this aircraft were manufactured?
What regulations or procedures address runway-taxiway interference for aircraft with large wingspan?
When is a VOR shown on maps?
Does the FAA require a rating for night VFR?
What kind of supervision do new captains get on their first flight?
Can perfect turn coordination automation be achieved by linking rudder to aileron?
Could the cabin crew open the lavatory door from outside when someone locked the door from the inside?
Why are almost all STOL aircraft high-wing?
What are Mode C requirements with ADS-B 978?
Do professional pilots have to show their passports every single time when flying back & forth between the same airports?
How frequently are airline pilots switching between aircraft types (e.g. Airbus, Boeing, etc)?
What happened to the Boeing 737.X design?
Is it common for carriers to have separate certification for analog versus glass cockpits?
Which air transport aircraft have a lavatory included inside the cockpit?
Is skydiving in IMC (through clouds) legal and safe?
Why is this chart called a Short Field Effort Takeoff Ground Roll and not simply a Short Field Takeoff Ground Roll?
What are the points 1864 and 1922 on this in-flight map?
Why do we lean the mixture when the air become less dense?
Why do you need to subtract when using a climb/descent performance chart for an altitude other than sea level?
Are the functions of ailerons and rudder similar?
Engine(?) & Pressurization Problem in ATR-72
When do pilots disconnect the autopilot on an ILS approach?
Why does rudder cause roll?
Is the "glass nose" Tu-134 design for easier conversion to military use?
What is the difference between "Land 2" and "Land 3" annunciations for Boeing autopilot systems?
Why are some airplane wings not painted?
To what degree do airline ops specs preclude hand flying?
DP confusion. Do I turn left or right if not told?
How does a horizontal situation indicator (HSI) work?
What constitute "known icing conditions" and when can you fly VFR while they exist?
Are all US airline aircraft certified into known ice?
Destiny of Unused food after flight
Why do most fighter craft have a center stick?
Is white/brown-out effect hazardous during the landing roll out?
What methods exist to detect airframe icing, and how do they work?
Why do most commercial airplanes use hydraulics instead of electric/servo motors?
Airplane Strobe Light Pattern?
Do I need to register my drone?
Do Airbus pilots have to practice flying in alternate law?
What does "alpha floor" mean?
Why shouldn't the pilot change the aircraft's configuration while avoiding windshear during landing?
Is any single-axis autopilot for a light piston single certified for unusual-attitude recovery?
Is special permission required to take off from a field within restricted airspace?
What is the maximum theoretical lift of a plane as a function of engine power and surface of the wings?
Can the A380 ferry an extra engine, like the 747?
What is the lift force per unit span?
Why is rotating engines in opposite directions more important for a propeller-driven plane than a jet?
Hobbs vs Tach time?
What are the limitations on a steep approach?
How can I ensure that I have a mode C transponder?
Why isn't the wing span of a certain airliner longer with the longer fuselage versions?
Where can I find old (historical) FIR map?
What are these things on strings after the loss of cabin pressure?
What causes stall buffeting?
Just got a quadcopter, and not sure about a piece that came with it
How much does it cost to fly a plane? INCLUDING lessons, and everything else
Why would a pilot request an unusual approach/runway to ATC?
What should I know before getting the KAMRA laser eye surgery procedure as a pilot?
What is "airspace underlying a Class B airspace area designated for an airport"?
Why is the Boeing 747-300 not in service anymore?
What is the optimal bank angle to accomplish a given turn in a glide?
How is combustion directed in one direction in a jet engine?
What is SNLF technology?
After a crash, for how long is the airport closed?
What was the commercial speed of Concorde?
Where does one obtain a RAREP?
Which should I get a FAA glider licence or a Canadian glider licence?
How close can separation be during a landing clearance?
What makes a visual approach quicker than an ILS approach?
Can old passenger airplanes be refitted with latest engines to extend their life and efficiency?
What are the issues with building modular aircraft?
What does 'intercept final' exactly mean?
Is ETOPS satisfied solely by range circles?
What is the meaning of "Docile pitch behavior" in the context of Pugachev's Cobra?
How accurate are these Stall Diagrams depictions of relative wind?
QF-16 vs Predator
What is the expected range of handheld radio?
Do airlines have to get permission from the FAA if they want to change their livery?
What's the breakdown of total development cost for the various components of an aircraft?
Which manuals should I study, before flying to France, Portugal and Switzerland?
Why does this GPS approach say "RADAR REQUIRED"?
When is compressibility a problem for a pitot tube?
A321 Two unsuccessful strong crosswind landing attempts. What was actually going on?
How many emergency/abnormal checklists are there for a typical airliner?
What does "ENG 2 REV PRESSURIZED" ECAM message mean in the Airbus A32F?
Can you identify this old cockpit canopy?
Why isn't the point you begin descent part of the flight plan?
What is 20NM reference point in "CTC SOCAL WITHIN 20NM"?
Are the N1 and N2 tachometer generators installed on 727 / JT8D engines line replaceable units?
What liability concerns would drive an airplane homebuilder to scrap their plane?
What was the exact propeller geometry of the 1903 Wright Flyer? A modern replica failed the test T = D in a NASA wind tunnel
What are the physical/aerodynamic implications of designing a prop guard for multirotors?
What determines the positioning of PAPI lights from the runway threshold?
How should Isopropyl Alcohol be used as an AvGas Fuel System Icing Inhibitor?
What are good resources on causes of private aircraft crashes?
Is a massive parachute coming out from an ejectable fuselage technically possible for a commercial aircraft?
Is there a 3rd-party API for aviation weather forecast, which includes additional cloud information?
Why did the pilot inform ATC that he is going to autoland?
Where does upward momentum come from in leading edge vortex?
Why are some windows in cockpits made openable?
Do frequency response / Bode plots for an aircraft or helicopter come from modeling or empirical testing?
What is the temperature of intake air at several speed of sound intervals from 1x to 10x?
Are tripropellant jet engines a viable way to increase fuel efficiency for large commercial airplanes?
Is the twin vs quad engine industry preference really challenged?
Which air stream pressure / speed is measured by the pitot?
Do pressure altimeters take into account differences in temperature?
What are runway Aiming Point markers used for?
What is this open panel at the rear of this airplane?
Why/when is the blunt nose better?
What is this device protruding from the rear of this 787?
What is the aviation term for what the navy calls "fire control system"?
Why don't large commercial airplanes have electric motors in the wheels?
Why are there full-fledged entertainment systems on aircraft when today everyone has a smart phone?
Does the stream of engine thrust act as a good drag shield against the nacelle?
Do jet fighters have air conditioning systems?
Could D.B. Cooper know where he was landing, when he parachuted?
Would a 90 kg object jettisoned from an aircraft create a detectable movement?
What is the way to calculate the required twist of a flying wing?
What exactly does it mean, that plane has diverted due to the needs of a passenger?
Approximate Cost of Food & Beverage Preparation & Storage Equipment on A350
Is there a way to fly an UAV over a roadway?
Why aren't departures separated by minimum distance rather than minimum time?
What are the criteria that govern the choice between titanium, composites, and more common materials, like aluminum?
Can I work on my own airplane without formal mechanic's training?
How can cargo be jettisoned from a C-124 in flight?
What has been done to provide security for remote wireless updating of in-aircraft software components?
Are aircraft designers in demand in Canada/US in near future?
Would a chain strip built in the airport taxiways, help airlines in saving money and time during taxi?
How many fuel pumps does a Katana DA20 have?
Are aircraft windows UV-ray proof?
Why are piston engines for aircraft rarely diesel powered?
How is the induced drag calculated for a wing with elliptical planform?
East-West and West-East flight times in relation to earth's rotation
Is starting a jet engine without ground support possible?
How do civil aircraft flying in formation handle ATC?
Why are some runways apparently wobbly?
Why would seaplanes use a curved takeoff run?
How can I correctly decode CPR positions from ADS-B frames?
What would a "Plus Sign" marking be on aircraft fuselage?
What are the circles/holes ahead of the wing of an MD-82?
What is the correct formula to calculate propeller efficiency?
Was there any Hawker Trident installed cockpit voice recorder before BEA Flight 548 incident?
Is there any way to tell the difference between MD-80 models?
Can wing-tip vortices be reduced/eliminated with a rear-facing propeller near the wing-tip?
Has anyone considered putting a hydrofoil on a sea plane?
Do any commercial airline models have a parachute at rear to help in landings?
How much noise does flow separation cause?
What is the bypass air in a turbofan engine actually for?
How do X-shaped control surfaces work?
Is there a way for an ultralight or powered glider to smoothly enter a jet stream?
Is there any difference in landing minima between ICAO and FAA?
Is it possible to tilt a propeller for attitude control, similarly to jet thrust vectoring?
Why does the MiG 21 use anti surge shutters?
What is an aviation handler?
What do de-icers do during summer?
Is the "glory" optical phenomenon frequently seen by aircraft pilots?
Can IPA be used as a FSII with MoGas, particularly with a Peterson STC?
Which Aircraft Models need a Tripod Jack for tail support at airport?
Do pilots choose which aircraft to get rated for or is it the employer that decides it?
Is it possible to take off on an elevated short field by "falling"?
What are the relative braking contributions from wheel brakes, spoilers and thrust reversers?
What are "Alternate Minimums"?
Is there any rule in commercial aviation, that two pilots in a plane cannot be a married couple?
What would happen if an airliner had too much fuel for its next flight?
Why is the take off speed and distance reduced by head winds?
How many minutes between jetway (air bridge) detachment and take-off?
How is thrust of engines on the two sides of an airplane kept exactly equal to prevent yawing?
Can a Boeing 747 take off fully loaded on 3 engines?
Can manoeuvres like overbanking and high G braking be used in a single propeller aircraft?
Are aircraft capable of sustained inverted flight at constant altitude?
Why do some airlines not use containers for luggage?
What do firefighters do on ordinary days?
What is the name for a flight crew that includes extra members for a longer flight?
Some wing parts designation
Why do modern jetliners provide Thrust Reversers at all in their design decisions?
Can we replace an attitude indicator with a ball half full of liquid?
What is the relation between an airplane's altitude and the drag it is experiencing?
What is the reason for this route while flying from USA over Cuba?
For a large commercial plane on landing, does the L/D ratio increase, decrease, or not change much?
Is there a benefit to a pilot/aviator having an FCC GROL license?
What is this on top of the Air Force One?
What is the difference between the ILS Critical Area and the ILS Sensitive Area?
Is it possible to survive a free fall from an airliner at cruise altitude?
What are these four little things between the horizontal and vertical stabilizer on the B737?
What does ICAO database "engine count c" mean?
Has a C-130 ever been designated as "Air Force One"?
Why do most GA aircraft not have vortex generators?
Why do aircraft need a vertical tailfin, but birds don't? (and lots of fish do?)
What are the tube shaped structures on the back of the fuselage of this 737?
What is this wire going from mid-fuselage to the tail on this 737?
Why are the exhaust pipes design on the Ilyushin Il-2 not very popular?
Why is the Inertial Reference System not used to determine true altitude?
What would have happened if the jet engine on my aircraft had ingested caulk from the pavement?
Can the measured thrust of a propeller be greater than the max thrust predicted by Froude's theory?
What is this string on the 737?
May a non-instrument pilot legally file IFR as long as he amends and doesn’t accept an instrument clearance?
Why is horizontal stabilizer set to 4° up in airbus aircraft for take off?
Why do we need DME or RNAV when using VOR navigation above FL240?
Are life jackets mandatory on planes that will never fly over water bodies?
Can noise from contra-rotating propellers be reduced by having a different number of blades on each propeller?
What type of engine/motor is used in aircraft APU?
How is the serviceability of VOR unit part CI 215 checked?
I have a FAA Private VFR SE license based on my foreign license, and added IFR in my home country; how to upgrade the FAA license?
Who pilots an aircraft that is on a delivery flight?
Are checklists always written in English?
What is the difference between a positioning flight and a ferry flight?
Do existing large commecial jets make use of differential thrust to control yaw?
What is the history of Concorde motto "May Concorde bring people closer" and medal?
Altimeter disagreement. What's the crew procedure to deal with that?
What is the correct crew procedure for an unreliable airspeed alert?
Why are some aircraft windows painted over?
What's this hole on the ATR-72?
Do IFR flight plans ever get rejected for operational reasons?
Is a golf ball surface a good idea for wings or fuselage?
Have other designs for individual gasper ventilation been tried?
When can a pilot disobey ATC commands?
Why was the A380 built with a gull-wing design?
What advantages and disadvantages do tri planes have?
What types of antennae do aircraft have and what are their functions?
Why is manoeuvring speed higher in utility category?
How can a pitot tube freeze when it's heated?
What is this device below the door of a 737 (and other aircraft)?
What are the differences between Cat I, Cat II, and Cat III as concerns aircraft requirements?
How does a ring paper airplane fly for a long distance?
Why is fuel used as a hydraulic fluid?
How is the center of mass controlled in planes with multiple tail engines?
How do aircraft go off-course even with all their guidance technology?
How are aircraft protected from lightning strikes by conductive skin?
What is the most efficient design for a human powered aircraft limited to 30mph at 100ft?
Why isn't testing fuel flow from both tanks a run-up checklist item?
What do these instruments do?
why standard wrenches are sized like 1",15/16",7/8",1/4" etc?
Why is the surge line curved?
Why is air mixed with bypass air on the A/C of an aircraft?
What software generated this VFR flight plan?
What is the different between an aircraft engine gearbox and an aircraft engine transmission?
How well does a composite fuselage deal with lightning?
How does a CFI know what endorsements to give?
Do most commercial jets have a negative lifting body?
Do I have to declare an emergency if I cut into fuel reserves?
Cargo aircraft temperature
Why do delta-wings perform so well on paper airplanes?
Are any agile (aerobatic) private jets produced?
Why do blimps have fins?
Does holding a medical certificate mean you automatically have a student pilot certificate?
How might one obtain aircraft registration numbers for past flights (months ago)?
What details do EICAS systems provide?
Does load factor limit actually change with aircraft weight?
Can TODA ever be shorter than TORA, under any circumstance?
Where can I find information about Boeing delivery history?
What are these fins on the Beechcraft 1900?
Do military aircraft overflying other countries' airspace require special clearance?
What's the correct ATC phraseology to enter a nonpublished hold?
What do multiple slashes in METAR mean?
Can it be determined from beyond visual range whether an unknown aircraft is armed or not?
How to understand US military aircraft designation on the vertical stabilizer?
What is the difference between azimuth and heading?
Why would a VOR be decommissioned leaving the DME?
Obtaining Captain's name on historical flights?
What keeps certified GA aircraft from being affordable?
Why does the Tu-22M3 nose have this peculiar shape?
What does one do when the weather report has a bogus altimeter setting?
Why is pitch measured with respect to the horizon and not the ground?
What types of attitude indicators are there?
What is the effect of power extraction on turbofan compressor and turbine maps?
Why is this G-AIRMET's valid time earlier than its issued time?
What are the advantages of a Trimmable Horizontal Stabilizer?
Have jet engines ever "Sheared" off?
What kind of heaters are used for heated floor panels?
What are the most common reasons an aircraft to depressurize while flying?
What is the weight of ballistic recovery systems?
What is a Pressurization Safety Valve?
What to do with excess fuel before flight?
What happens to the fuel lines when a jet engine falls off?
Which evacuation incidents were followed by a large fire?
In an emergency situation just after take off, is fuel dumping useful?
Why do Boeing aircraft have serrated engine nacelles, but Airbus does not?
Is there any difference between the Boeing 787 and the 737 MAX?
Are aircraft tyre sizes standardised?
What is this thing on the engine of a Cessna 500 Citation I?
What are the advantages or disadvantages of a mid wing design?
Can multiple helicopters be used to lift a heavy load?
What is the breakout by service branch for FAA ATC specialists with military backgrounds?
What are these markings on the A380 wing?
Does a 100 Hour Inspection Start Over Every Annual?
Why are these windows on some airplanes red?
(See Included ILS Chart) What to Do After SMT RDL 084?
Was this flight a fuel emergency?
What happens to Flight Testing Aircraft after Testing is over?
What is the maximum slope for taxiing aircraft?
Do airliners use more fuel at low altitude than high altitude?
What are the benefits of using Krueger Flaps?
What drives and/or allows the move to higher-bypass turbofans on jetliners?
What might have been the reasons for this low flight altitude?
Why is the front part of the engine not painted?
Where are the locations of the elevators or horizontal stabilizers in a Concorde?
What are these lines on the nose of a Boeing 737?
Can these vortices be dangerous?
What is 'blending' for a turbine blade?
Are the panels in this vertical stabilizer part of the flight controls?
If I have multi-engine land, can I learn multi-engine sea directly?
How is a fly-by-wire system realized in big planes?
Why do modern airliners have only two engines?
What are the reliability statistics for modern jet engines?
What is the horizontal and vertical fields of view for a VASI and a PAPI approach system as you come in to land?
How are fan and compressor discs balanced?
Are there fees for international flights crossing through another country's airspace?
What is this star shaped symbol on the tarmac?
What Does "By ATC" Mean for an SID Route?
Does skin friction drag decrease with velocity?
What is this Perspex bubble?
Would a 19,000 ft descent in 6 minutes feel noticably different to passengers?
How do you calibrate the compass of an aircraft on a compass rose?
What's the purpose of this red marking on the fuselage of a Boeing 737?
Can an airliner be refueled while the APU is running?
Why is there an ETOPS marking on the nosewheel door?
Can a passenger plane stand still in the air, or hover at a fixed location above a ground?
Do some helicopters require classes, type ratings, or special endorsements, the way some airplanes do?
What is the force exerted by the catapult on aircraft carriers?
Why is the coefficient of drag for straight wings at supersonic speeds lower than for swept wings?
How far ahead of the wing should a propeller be located for a UAV?
Why did Britain develop three different bombers (V-bombers) after WW2 instead of one?
What is the purpose of eyebrow windows?
What is weight-climb speed?
What is this line found above the door on many aircraft?
Why were "pattern a" and "pattern b" removed from the Instrument Flying Handbook?
Why doesn't the A320 have a dorsal fin like the 737?
What are the RVSM Critical Area markings?
Safest deck on multi deck airplanes
Will EASA approve single engine IFR commercial operations any time soon? Will this be a big impact on the industry?
How can compartment bay loading informating be derived from the IATA load message (LDM)?
How does a pilot receive weather information when overflying the oceans?
Why do some airports have a non standard traffic pattern altitude?
What is the type of nozzle used on the MiG-21 and MiG-27?
What are these green "bags" on the SSJ100?
Why are the leading edges of the 787's horizontal and vertical stabilizers not painted?
How are fuel injectors in a jet engine monitored to detect malfunction?
When do commercial flights turn off the APU?
What is this metal plate below the door?
Can a student pilot start flight training before they get their student pilot certificate and medical?
Why is the MD-80 magnetic compass behind the first officer's seat?
How does compressibility affect the critical angle of attack?
How do airplanes regulate the output frequency of AC generators?
What are some of the more common procedures when faced with a hung landing gear?
How does a true airspeed indicator work?
How does terrain alert system work?
What are the relative internal noise levels in various aircraft?
Why do some towers reference departures by compass direction, others by leg of pattern?
Why is it not a good idea to climb higher than a level at which you would have a cruise weight-climb speed less than 500 ft/min?
What is the origin of the term "pax"?
Why do multi-engine privileges not propagate down to single-engine?
Reason behind formation of Mach rings
What is a TRACON?
What made 800 feet and later 1,000 feet attractive as the standard traffic pattern altitude?
If a shoulder harness becomes INOP in an aircraft certified before 1978, is it still required equipment?
What visibility and cloud clearances are required for airplanes conducting visual approaches?
Does the MD-80 seat layout affect the balance of the aircraft?
What is a Certification Flight?
What type of flow is preferable for jet engines?
What is the effect of earth's speed on flight?
Why is a feather check performed on a piston engine and how much RPM drop should be allowed?
What is the difference between a stall fence and a vortex generator?
Can you help me identifying an A-4 Skyhawk-like jet?
Are we expected to fly distanced leg (instead of timed leg) in holding pattern in GPS approaches?
How to understand "Stage length, for payload calculations includes 85% wind"?
Which way should I rotate the propeller of a C172?
Who manages International Airspace Traffic?
Why do I hear the "real" engine noise only when the plane is on the runway?
What are these "lines" on the A319 flaps, are they damaged?
Is there a relationship between control surface deflection and a particular turn radius or bank angle?
Why does not the lift produced by main wings create pitch moment?
In what manner was the Vympel R-73 (AA-11 Archer) a game-changer in comparison with NATO's missiles?
Why do pilots need the ceiling, time, and dew point in the ATIS?
Why do some airports have to put 2 jetbridges on one aircraft?
Why are the runways on Denver Int'l very separated from the terminals?
What is the major source of engine noise for non-propeller aircraft?
Windshield to prevent laser strikes
Why do many fighter jets have double vertical stabilizers?
Are there any reference values for Cl and Cd of a NACA 0012 airfoil to verify CFD simulations?
Has Air Traffic Control ever had to talk a first time pilot through a landing due to an emergency?
What is the difference between a volume-limited-payload and a maximum-zero-fuel-weight-limited-payload?
Can GPS be used in lieu of DME for instrument approaches?
How safe is the single engine taxi out for twin engine aircraft?
Why do the spoilers move in this video?
How do you know what equipment code to put on a flight plan?
How is stability ensured with bulk-loaded cargo?
If a tail dragger is converted to a tricycle gear airplane, what will be the effect on weight distribution?
How does the energy and weight efficiency compare between a battery/electrical propulsion and combustion engine?
Where is the APU in the case of an S-duct (like the L-1011)?
Does it exist? Environmentally-friendly/safe fluorescent liquid to make sea crashes easier to find?
What certificates/medical are required to fly in Japan?
Is a VHF NAV receiver inherently capable of processing a LOC signal?
What does this vehicle transport?
Why did it take so long for helicopters to be developed/in use?
Does ATC provide ILS frequency and course setting for the runway in use?
How should flaps be used during an emergency landing (PPL)?
Can the MH-60 helicopter fly without one or all of the stabilators?
Should you read back the QNH from an ATIS broadcast?
Why do all new European fighter jets have delta wings?
What is the difference between a Sub-Charter Flight and a Codeshare Flight?
If all fighter jets become stealthy, how will they fight each other in the future? In dogfights?
How to start an approach in IMC loss of communication under IFR?
Can weight shift control aircraft be used commercially?
Who sells aviation fuel to airports?
How to balance the cargo on a plane with the wings further aft?
How do I know if a runway has REIL?
How do stealth aircraft get ATC?
What are these thermal spots on this infrared image of an F-16?
What is the difference between a concourse and a pier?
Why was the experimental MiG 1.44 so similar to the experimental TKF-90?
Why is the Concorde, and not other aircraft, getting this fog/condensation, over the wing, at *takeoff*?
How do passengers board the planes on this airport?
Are ICAO and FAA airport signs and markings the same?
Relationship Between Aircraft Thrust and Jet Exhaust Velocity?
What's the purpose of the cable connected on the top of the fin?
What phenomenon causes the increase of drag with rain?
How are antennas integrated into stealth aircraft?
Can the fuel on the wing cause the aircraft to destabilize?
Are these hangars?
What is the purpose of Runway Grooving?
How does a pilot switch from IFR to VFR mid-flight?
Is trigonometry used by commercial pilots?
What is a Fuel Over Pressure Protector?
Dropping an object from really high, landing at 0 velocity due to 'free' reverse thrust
Is it possible for a plane to use cameras and screens instead of a clear windshield?
What is this protrusion on the door?
Why do commercial airplanes smell like fuel smoke before take off?
How do planes search for submarines?
What are the major differences in operating the Boeing P-8 Poseidon and Kawasaki P1 in the maritime patrol aircraft role?
Should "mayday" be preferred over "SOS" in an emergency?
What are the benefits of an FAA over an ICAO license, and vice versa?
How do I interpret these values in NASA's C-MAPSS dataset files?
How does a constant pressure chart affect your preflight planning?
Where can I find ATC Guidelines for handling Airport Incidents?
How does a PESA radar work?
How does ATC deal with apparent compass errors when giving vectors?
What are the differences between radar flight following and traffic advisories?
Why does the U.S. keep thousands of retired aircraft in storage?
What is an accessory gearbox?
Where are the flap track covers on this wing?
What is a "confidence maneuver"?
What are the guidelines for call signs for aircraft dealing with US ATC?
Are there 5000+ companies with IATA (two-character) codes?
Why does an airplane require 3 pilots on board?
How can the Perlan II glider climb to 90,000 feet?
What is minimal altitude that aircraft (rocket?) can fly above any country without any permission?
Currency retraining
Does the FAA advise or require pilots to wear eyewear designed to protect them from lasers?
Why is it called "Dry Thrust"?
Is it possible to design an aircraft as big as A380 with 2 engines?
Why is there no "reverse sensing" on a horizontal situation indicator (HSI)?
What engine power setting is used during cruise?
Are air traffic controllers required to obtain a pilot license?
How to calculate the force exerted by pressure on hot air balloon envelope fabric?
What is the difference between the Maximum Glide and Minimum Sink ratios?
Is it possible to change/repair an aircraft tire while in flight?
Are aircraft still guided by ground marshals?
Can a kite take advantage of crosswinds to gain speed?
Can helicopters perform the Split S maneuver?
Why are emergency vehicles needed for a runway excursion?
Is is possible to use non-hydraulic fluids in a hydraulic system in an emergency?
What are the aerodynamic differences between the different types of slotted flaps?
Can we eliminate the center tank of large passenger planes?
How do door seals work?
What's the profit margin for airlines between fuel cost per seat price per seat to the customer?
What are the pro/cons of polyhedral cranked wings?
Can spar stresses be calculated using zero (wing) fuel?
For a private GA pilot, when is an endorsement needed for a particular type of aircraft?
How do pilots avoid radiation?
What is the best airfoil for Edge 540 Style Aircraft?
Where can a PDF of the TPP legend and supplemental materials be found?
Do wing warmers exist?
How high do they cut the grass on airports?
What is the difference between Cruise and Service ceilings?
What is the difference between an aviation training device (ATD) and a flight training device (FTD)?
What would have happened when the Concorde's low-pressure emergency system brought it lower mid-flight?
Is there a backup to fuel inerting systems?
Are there any aircraft designed to operate between an altitude of 50-80km?
How can pilots identify, in flight, the cracked layer(inner/middle/outer) from an impaired windshield?
Is it true that the red lights on building antennas help the aircraft "detect/visualize" ground objects?
Why do military aircraft use a different kind of aviation fuel?
Is it possible to start the engines while on push back?
Why is dropping off passengers on the ramp by bus not more common?
Where does the final approach segment begin on an ILS approach?
In the traffic pattern, what is the appropriate distance from the runway for the downwind leg?
What is the relation between number of crew members (pilots and attendants) and fleet size in airlines?
How much time does an landing/take-off add to an otherwise direct flight?
How many aircraft can an ATCo control simultaneously, on procedural and radar service?
Why are modern regional jet designs shifting towards under wing engines?
Can I file a VFR flight plan for a training flight?
How do you set up your nav instruments and coms during ground operations and takeoff?
Does "resume own navigation" also mean "altitude your discretion"?
What is the meaning of "Bulk Strip"?
What material is used to make the hot sections of jet engines?
What precautions should be taken when flying near the magnetic poles?
Was this a successful deployment of an MD-88 tail cone evacuation slide?
How can aircraft determine true north for inertial navigation systems?
Does altimeter setting affect the vertical guidance in a LPV approach?
Is it "cutting off" in the pattern when I go before a plane that is going faster than I am but let me in first?
What are the advantages of electrical systems over pneumatic systems?
Why are passenger cabins white?
How do I determine the center of gravity on aircraft?
What is the significance of the V1 ground roll of an aircraft?
Why can't a plane flying due west just hover in the air and wait for the destination country to arrive?
What are the uses of gyroplanes?
How do VTOL aircraft like the V-22 Osprey not tilt?
Does the minimum power required for level flight depend on CD0?
How can critical angle of attack of the wing of an an aircraft exceed even when the pitch angle is zero?
Is it possible for an airplane to produce thrust from compress air without using fuel?
Do military pilots have a phrase like "aviate, navigate, communicate"?
Are the statistics in "The Killing Zone" appropriate and scientifically correct?
How can I keep the data on a KLN89b GPS up to date?
Do a full 360 on engine failure?
What's the difference between overrun and overshoot landings?
How would a tricycle-geared aircraft be recovered from a tip-up?
Why don't all GA aircraft have yaw dampers?
What is the highest service ceiling for turboprop airplane like a Cessna 425?
Does a strobe light shield act like a wingtip fence [or better sort of vortex generator]?
What is the Boeing 727 AC Generator Panel Part Number?
Does a request for a Pop-Up IFR clearance constitute filing a flight plan?
Is it safe and effective to have "glider pilot mentality" when landing single-engine fixed-wing aircraft?
Is it possible to build a turbojet engine with aluminum cans? (Soft drink cans)
What is the need for TCAS?
What does STERILE RUNWAY mean?
Can we use the term CONTAMINATED RUNWAY for other meanings, such as: oil spill or debris on the runway?
Was this an unusual landing sequence for an airliner?
Why isn't an LPV SBAS approach considered a precision approach according to ICAO?
Why is "Affirm / Negative" used instead of "Yes / No"?
What is the difference between a monocoque and semi-monocoque fuselage type?
What are the aerodynamic differences between the nose designs of the CSeries and the Boeing 737?
When is an aircraft required to be pressurized?
When is VOR navigation mostly used?
Can I fly a glider in Europe on a Canadian Glider License?
Why do modern aircraft have a slope on top of the airfoil?
How much effect does the ground have on flight control when flying low?
What is the purpose of a Traffic Pattern?
Why are sidestep ILS minima not used in EASA-land? (specific example: EGKK)
What is the function of the hole at the rear of the airplane?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of mixing the bypass flow with the core flow?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a monoplane, biplane and triplane?
Why there is no wake turbulence right after touch down or before rotation?
Can passengers tell (without GPS etc.) where the aircraft is heading to?
How do you calculate indicated airspeed on a flight plan?
How to know if an aircraft is climbing or descending?
What are the operational limitations on ADS-B DO-260A (as compared to DO-260B)?
Why is this 777 with doors and windows covered?
Why did this departure from Buenos Aires seem to delay heading northeast?
What is the purpose of a departure procedure?
How do you convert true airspeed to indicated airspeed?
What is the exact meaning of CAVOK and CAVU? How are they used by pilots and ATC?
What is radar minima?
On an IFR Low Altitude Chart what does this symbol mean?
What are the differences between these IFR Low Altitude Chart Navaid Symbols?
How does an airline open a new route?
Are there any cockpit indications when an engine has separated from the aircraft?
What do these polygons mean on VFR charts?
Can a helicopter stall?
What are the visual differences between the F/A-18 Hornet/Super Hornet and the EA-18G Growler?
What is the difference between ground speed and airspeed?
If the engine of a helicopter fails, is it possible to land safely?
Why was the Boeing SST numbered "2707"?
What is this object on an MD-11?
Why is a strake placed on the fuselage in front of the tailplane on the Hawk aircraft?
What exactly happens when I try to maintain the flare when coming to a hover?
Is it practical to become an airline pilot in order to travel internationally?
How did the De Havilland Mosquito compete with contemporary jets?
What happens if you exceed the maximum speed on a C172?
Why do commercial pilots always engage reverse thrust even if it is not necessary?
Why isn't the U-2 used for commercial purposes?
What is "required navigation performance" or "RNP"?
In a turbofan what holds the spinning axis?
Do airlines ever clean their planes?
Why do some aircraft have 4 nosewheel doors?
How does yaw relate to pitch?
What is this hatch above the cockpit of a 747?
What is the lump on top of the Boeing 737?
What is this pod at the wing-tip of a U2?
Why do some cargo aircraft have windows?
Is an ADS-B IN able to receive signal from ADS-B OUT of the same aircraft?
Why do some aircraft stay in airports for a long time?
What are the limitations of using a single shaft between the compressor and turbine in a jet engine?
Can structural damage be detected or predicted using historical data?
What is the difference between a leading edge flap and a slat?
Why do many commercial aircraft have a red circle on the wing?
Is it possible to reach an A340's fuselage from the ground?
Is the word “bomb” muted in inflight movies?
Is it sensible to harness wind energy on an airplane?
Why does thrust-to-weight ratio depend from max Mach number?
What are the "high performance characteristics" of a Boeing 777?
Is it possible to detect a pitot static failure (blockage) of air data probe during flight and alert the pilot?
What is this hole in the nose of the A330?
Why does landing gear extend backwards and retract forwards?
How does an elevator offload function works in fly by wire flight control systems?
Can I have two speeds on one motor?
How much thrust is available from the Allison T-56-A-15 engine?
Why are high-g requirements so important for training next generation of fighter pilots?
Why is max power time limited for jet/piston engines?
Why is New York-London used in time measurement for aircraft?
What are the rules of thumb for intercepting and tracking VOR and LOC courses?
Are there ILS approaches where a non-precision procedure isn't allowed?
Are there ILS approaches where descending by the glide slope outside final might be dangerous?
What happend to the airframe of the Aloha Airlines Flight 243?
What is the minimum separation between two landing A380s?
What is this thing sticking out in front of wings?
What is this hole on the tail of an MD-88?
MD81: Why are there so many lights on the fuselage?
Where can I get aviation weather information?
Are jet streams a net benefit in time and fuel savings?
Why is angle of attack information not displayed in the cockpit?
When should a pilot use the word "takeoff?"
How does pregnancy affect airline pilots operating under FAA regulations?
Why are modern commercial airplanes still so noisy?
An instrument applicant must have 40 hours of actual or simulated time. Can some of this be flown without an instructor?
How do you know if a VOR is High, Low, or Terminal?
What are the differences between an OBS, a CDI, a Heading indicator, and an HSI?
Advice for a future pilot?
How can true altitude be calculated from pressure altitude, temperature and altimeter setting?
What are these grilles in the passenger cabin of this 787?
How can I get General Aviation flight data on smartphone and/or tablet?
What does N mean after a runway visual range (in a METAR)?
For calculating $V_{stall}$, why should be used $C_{L,max}$ and not $C_{L,min}$ (that would be more prudent)?
How should I operate within the dashed magenta lines next to Class D airspace?
What is the purpose of the hole in the Cirrus SR22's parachute?
Why don't we get more user-friendly weather reports than METARs?
How easy is it to make a connection to the aircraft pitot-static system?
What is the 'arm' at the rear of the X-29?
Is airspace more crowded on days following cancellations or a large number of delays?
Was the unmanned flight and landing of the Buran spacecraft in 1988 exceptional?
Why didn't Cirrus make the SR-22's parachute steerable?
When are multiple hops more efficient than single leg?
Why are the 747-8 engines placed differently than on the older versions?
How can I find out the best time to practice within towered airspace?
How does one deal with a UNICOM operator directing aircraft like at a towered airport?
Why does the Falcon 900 have anhedral wings?
Is it possible to drive a prop directly from a jet engine without a gearbox?
Is there really a safe for storing secret orders on board a B-52 bomber?
Where does the air enter the passenger cabin?
Is is possible to land a midsize commercial plane on an Ford Class aircraft carrier?
Does adding flaps during ground roll perform better in short-field takeoff?
What are the reasons for autopilot restrictions on instrument approaches?
Has the United States Air Force used Contra-rotating Propeller Aircraft?
Is it practical to fly IFR into Hawthorne Airport (KHHR) in IMC?
Can I spot the drones watching me in the sky with naked eyes?
How long does it take to refuel a big jumbo jet?
Why are videos call and voice calls prohibited on airplanes?
Do large airliners have a short-field landing technique?
What exactly is tower enroute control? Is this similar to 'preferred routes'?
What are the regulations and testing that determine whether a "Spins Prohibited" placard is required in an aircraft?
Why are aircraft callsigns pronounced over the radio in a non-phonetic alphabet way?
On a sectional, is there a way to determine if an airport is an Air Force/Naval base?
Why doesn't condensation form on the inside of airliner windows?
I would like to know where ideally it is to be sat on an Emirates A380 to get a nice picture of the wing and wingtip as well as the outer landscape?
I need to clean my aircraft's windows - what do I use?
What should I wash my plane with?
What is the difference between a barrel roll and an aileron roll?
What is my BHP if I open full throttle and how is it controlled?
What is the work routine of a boomer operator in a refueling aircraft?
What is the safe separation for landing a Cessna-172 behind a commercial airline jet?
When do you contact ATC when departing from a non-towered airport into class C controlled airspace?
What holds the overhead lockers?
What is this "string" in front of canopy of F-14
Why are in-flight entertainment systems not very evolved?
Does electrical usage contribute to fuel consumption?
Wingtip landing light lenses are hazed - what can I do to make them clear again?
Are you required to record flight hours of serialized parts?
What's the definition and the meaning of “soft dirt runway”?
What are the pros/cons of ram air turbines?
What are good apps to help with VFR navigation on my first solo?
What airfoil simulation software is suitable for a cut trailing edge?
Would a drone strike be more dangerous than a bird strike?
Do I have a good CFI?
What is the meaning of this information provided by Air Traffic Control?
Why does this Garmin GMA340 have an Airway/Inner marker indicator?
What are the spiky things on the back of the Antonov-225 vertical stabilizers?
What is a grid course?
SR-72 --- is the speed reported in this story wrong?
Is there a relation between material choice and produced lift at rotation?
How can one demonstrate/assure safety for LRU's, CBAs, SoC's and other integrated modules?
Is it possible to declare an emergency by flying a triangle pattern at interval?
In Raymer diagram "Take off parameter- Take off distance", what is the difference among "balanced field length", "over 50 ft", "ground roll"?
How does pilot know when to trim when flying an aircraft that have fly by wire flight control computer
What does two 'high-low' chimes in the cabin of a 737-800 mean?
Is it better to begin the gear down before landing checklist abeam the touchdown point or midfield?
Propeller Torque
What are those things on the B747 engine pylons?
Why does the DC-10's horizontal stabilizer have such a pronounced dihedral?
Can the landing gear be pulled up while the plane is on the ground?
How does the cabin pressure controller work in a large commercial airliner?
Why doesn't ice form on the fuselage?
Why is the clearance delivery frequency included on an approach plate?
How do I know if an arrival procedure (STAR) clearance includes altitudes?
Is gravity less on an airliner at cruise altitude?
How can one determine if a Service Bulletin is still applicable?
What should I expect for an unannounced GA visit for touch-n-gos at San Jose?
How does the FAA compute the values in TPP's Climb/Descent Table?
How can I properly model paper airplane physics?
Is there a standard time zone for flight schedules?
What happen to schedule flight when airport close for undertermined duration?
How should the Swiss international airlines flight 850 METAR reports be interpreted?
What flies better in turbulent wind?
Which airplane has had the longest production run?
What are the specifications for the CFE738-1-1B?
How can we recover from a tailplane stall?
What is the relation between geodesic airframe and geodesic curves?
What does Elon Musk mean by "electric jet"?
What is a seal in aeronautics?
What data file format is used by FDRs?
What term is the EASA equivalent of the DER in the FAA safety assurance process?
In EASA, what is Panel 12? Is this just the same as Panel 10?
What is the reference used when measuring flight speed?
Who owns wrecked airplanes in international waters?
Is it ok to lift locked armrests on aisle or window seats?
What does a blue light by the toilet sign mean?
What is the difference between rate of climb and climb gradient?
Knots vs MPH, is there some standard for when to use which unit?
Why are high-wing aircraft more stable?
What is an out-of-trim condition and how is it detected?
Is it practical to install seat belts in airline lavatories?
Can heated air be provided in the cabin in commercial airlines?
What is the difference between mist and fog?
Why do the winglets go down on some cessnas?
Does being out of trim affect drag?
If there was an engine malfunction, could we breathe contaminated air?
What cargo airplanes can transport fully assembled large turbofan engines?
What is the time information on the G1000 MFD map during a hold?
What are acceptable treatments for chronic pain that will not result in a loss of an FAA Medical?
How do plane landing-gear tyres roll before take off?
Can a person with a tibia problem become an air traffic controller?
Why fly VFR at all?
How quickly should a maneuver be started when ATC gives new heading?
What is the significance of the speed of sound to aerodynamics and aircraft design?
What is the proper air strip closure procedure with the FAA?
Does an amended shortcut clearance change the clearance limit?
Is it always advisable for passengers to wear seat belts when a 747 is on final approach?
What is the function of the lower vertical fin on a MIG-23?
Does every state in the US require aircraft and pilot registration?
Which type of airfoil does the 737 use?
What is the relation between airspeed and rate of turn?
Can I circle to a different runway if cleared for an instrument approach without circling minimums?
Is it possible to sail a seaplane?
How do I get permission to fly when diagnosed with Sleep Apnea?
How to completely track a plane, not a flight?
What is the status of "Notes" in ICAO Annexes?
How do I get attention on a busy radio channel?
What are these little things on the evacuation slide?
Is there a service to review prior flight plans?
Is there a site that tracks all flights?
What could be the reason for a feeling of speed oscillation after takeoff in a 747?
What is the purpose of proximity sensors on hydraulic systems?
Are elevator trim tabs required for an aircraft equipped with movable horizontal stabilizer?
stall on commercial airliner - why is there no better on-board software?
What is the guy in green showing to the F/A-18E pilot before catapult launch?
What are the wings and fuselage of an airliner made of?
How to calculate the Pitching moment coefficient of wing?
Is a single engine failure on the HondaJet recoverable?
Possible reason for diverting domestic flight to a distant country
Is it possible to divert a plane to a distant airport?
How do you determine whether you can us LNAV/VNAV minima on an RNAV approach?
When an alternate minimum applies, does it change MDA or DA?
Why was the WWII RAF fighter joy stick loop design not used widely?
Are direct law command gains monitored for correctness when flight control computer is in normal mode?
Why should the leading edge be blunt on low-speed, subsonic airfoils?
What are those in the belly of a 747?
Why retract flaps at go-around?
What are the structural differences between short- and long-haul airplanes?
What PPL routes are available with gliding experience?
How is propeller thrust vector accurately expressed for airplanes and multirotors?
How does a flight control computer deal with control surface disengagement?
How is wind direction reported (blowing from or blowing to)?
In simple terms, what are LNAV, VNAV, and Baro-VNAV approaches?
Is a releasable locator beacon (ELT) required for aircraft carrying passengers over a water area?
Do Landings in a Simulator Count Towards Landing Currency? (FAA in the USA)
What are the guidelines to execute a missed approach during circling?
What is the purpose of sum voltage monitor?
Do aircraft manufacturers have the authority to either approve or disapprove the maintenance procedures of its customers?
What is the Keel Effect?
How are the structural failures reported to pilot
Are there additional electrical grounding methods besides static wicks?
How do I get certified to fly under FAA 333?
Where can I learn more about pilots' dreams during G-LOC?
What is the Effect of Unsynchronized Propellers?
Is it legal to begin pilot training on a jet?
How can I estimate the required T/O power for propeller aircraft?
How is fuel managed in the Zero-G A310?
What factors lead to mounting engines towards the rear of aircraft
What are these markings on the runway at Haneda Airport?
Why does one of the Boeing 777's spoilers deploy differently from the rest?
Why doesn't the pressure inside an airliner push the doors open?
Do jets use tinted windows?
What are the US flight planning regulations for an alternate airport?
How much time is a commercial aircraft (e.g. A320 / B737NG families) flown manually?
What would be the lift formula for straight wings?
Do airplanes have any kind of fire insulation?
Does anybody recognize these wings?
How can LMT be converted to UTC time?
Why are the tips of the flap track fairings painted red?
How do airline pilots contact their company while in the air?
In what portion a non-GPS approach, can a pilot legally fly with GPS as primary navigational resource?
What is this red canister on the tail of the YF-22?
When do I need to worry about a course deviation indicator reverse sensing?
Why is an LPV WAAS GPS approach considered non-precision?
In a pattern, when do you begin your descent from TPA if following another aircraft?
On a procedure turn, do you make the turn on the inside or outside of the procedure turn?
Does LSA hours count towards PPL training hours
What are the definitions of elevator angle of attack and critical angle of attack?
Why are the fan blades mounted loosely?
What do FAA DERs require regarding low-level requirements in DO-178C?
May a VFR-only pilot without high-performance or complex endorsements be the safety pilot for an IFR currency flight?
Where does the 35 feet screen height come from?
Is a certificated pilot in a rear seat with no access to flight controls a safety pilot or a passenger?
Can a view limiting device be used in an aircraft requiring two pilots?
What IFR clearances may a pilot obtain from ATC directly without a pre-filed flight plan with FSS?
Is the Boeing 737 unusually susceptible to stress fatigue?
How is flow separation related to the chord length of an airfoil?
What are the driving factors for performing a steep approach
What are endplates? How do they work?
Is the landing gear controlled by the pilot or is it automatic?
What is the difference between a high bypass turbofan and a low bypass turbofan?
Is the “competent observer” a required crewmember?
Where can I find pictures of "endplate"?
Self-flying commercial aircraft!
Is it required for pilots to contact ATC while flying VFR?
Can we use MAYDAY or PAN PAN on ground?
How is metal fatigue detected in an aircraft?
How does ATC handle different kinds of emergencies?
Cross Country flight: what do I have to consider concerning radio communications?
Are squawk codes used with ADS-B?
What are MTRs used for?
Which books should I study to understand more about Supercritical airfoils?
Are there any regulations about the distance between destination and alternate airports?
How does the dihedral angle work?
What is an NTAP when referenced in a NOTAM?
What will create a "traffic puck" on the UAT band?
Will the ATC be in constant communication with aircraft?
Why are these rivets on the 777 so visible?
Why does the MD-88 have strakes on its engines?
Are jet simulators a commercial business or are they owned by airlines?
What are good study guides/practice tests for the airframe maintenance certificate?
How do disks generate lift?
What are these lines on the fuselage of a 747?
What regulations govern the quality management system for producers of aircraft components?
What happens if one or more rotors are stopped during autorotation on a quadrotor?
Does the transponder need to be on in the upper limit of Class B airspace?
Why do double-ended ILS runway share the same frequency from both sides?
Can a helicopter really fly with rotors going this slow?
What is the optimal sequence of departures and arrivals on a single runway?
Can you fly a glider in a cloud on primary instruments?
Why are the cockpit windshields on the A350 black?
Why did the first Boeing B17 test flight crash on takeoff?
What would the reason be for this helicopter maneuver?
Under what conditions would a helicopter be allowed to fly at low altitude over populated areas?
Which one is considered the departure time of a commercial flight?
What are hydraulically powered and electrically controlled actuators?
Why would a copilot's window be shaded/covered?
Can commercial air traffic operate from uncontrolled airport, airspace?
Is there a source of deicing holdover time tables?
What is the trend of gender distribution among pilots?
Are there full scale helicopters capable of sustaining inverted flight?
What does this statement about steep descent mean?
What is the significance of stall speed
Guidance on becoming a pilot
Why were DHL611 and Bashkirian 2937 on a collision course?
Isn't lift inverted when flying upside down?
What would happen if put a jet engine behind another jet engine?
Could most commercial jet engines today run on ethanol without any problems?
What are these circles below the wing?
Is there any engine that doesn't use a propellant to produce thrust?
What is the biggest airplane that does not need a paved runway?
Could an electric engine provide the same performance as jet engines on current aircraft?
Is there a name for change in attitude with respect to time?
Why did Boeing choose to give the Boeing 720 such a designation?
What is the difference between Part 135 and Part 129?
What is a mushing glide?
Are there any low time lucky CPL holders who operate as PIC on medium or heavy jets?
What are the visual differences between Trent 892 and 900 engines?
Has the wrong engine ever been mounted after maintenance?
What was the reason why 9M-MRO burned more fuel on one engine?
How much efficiency gain can be attributed to aircraft handling?
What is the procedure for a rejected Jet/Rocket Assisted Takeoff (J/RATO)?
What hardware and software is needed to put together a basic flight simulator?
What type of altimeter is this?
What are the rules for right-of-way on final approach: by aircraft category or only by height?
On commercial jets, is asymmetric thrust used as part of normal operations?
How are skis stowed on retractable gear aircraft?
What is the cause of tire marks at the extreme ends of runways?
Southwest corner of LAX has peculiar airplane parts, what is this area?
What is a G-Check and what are the differences relative to other checks?
Are ATC radar tracking records and audio recordings considered legally public?
Can a flow which is initially supersonic, become subsonic without a shock wave?
What happens during a powered descent?
Why did the Boeing 787 design change shape from the original renderings to the actual design?
How do I plan for my PPL checkride which will involve a diversion?
What are the names of the forces acting upon the side of a vessel?
Why does the J58 engine of the SR-71 have a diffuser after the inlet spike?
Pilot announcement PA quality
How are airliners secured on the ground during hurricanes?
How does the a movement of the cyclic control stick in a helicopter affect the swashplate?
Can supersonic conditions be replicated on the ground?
Is there a relationship between turbojet engine rpm (N1 & N2) and fuel consumption rate?
How are runway changes performed when radar vectoring is available?
Can anyone identify this pusher biplane?
Why can't I build an entire jet engine out of carbon fiber?
What causes a military aircraft to be decomissioned?
What is the purpose of the second wifi network on board (some?) B787 aircraft?
Why couldn't the DHL611 crew hear the ATC transmissions for the Bashkirian 2937 crew?
Why is the numerically determined location of the center of pressure inaccurate near Cl = 0?
How do the oxygen masks deploy after a cabin decompression?
How does a crosswind affect an aircraft's speed relative to the ground?
What was the first jet-powered supersonic aircraft?
What is this little door on the upper deck of the A380?
Why does Airbus A380 have only reversers on inner engines?
Could jet engines have a grille to prevent bird or drone entry?
Why aren't aeroplanes controlled from a control center (without a pilot inside)?
What runway alignment should I expect from a straight-in approach?
Can I bring a person with me while getting landing current if they're a licensed, current pilot?
How can the landing gear fit in the small room in the engine bay on the Tupolev Tu-144?
Components on engines, are they removed or blanked out?
Why are some jet trails longer and some shorter?
What is the minimum allowed altitude for helicopters over a residential area in the US?
What is the IATA code for the A320neo family?
Is an approval required to fly from the right seat?
Why does TAWS alert depends on airspeed?
Is it possible to disengage only one axis of a two-axis autopilot?
What is the role of a flight control computer during a steep approach?
Should head stay level or inclined in a bank?
What is the ceiling altitude for the Airbus A320?
Does kerosene have a higher octane value than gasoline?
Is the Runway Visual Range (RVR) communicated to the pilots?
Do helicopters have an auto hover system?
What are the regulations involved in aerial advertising?
What is this tube connected to a 757 for?
Is there any benefit to science from the Swiss built solar plane flying across the globe?
When has a pilot legally accepted an ATC clearance or instruction?
How do flares work?
What is the division of tasks among the control towers at Chicago O'Hare airport?
Who do I call to pick up my IFR Clearance at KBKL?
Can the need for an engine overhaul affect the ETOPS rating?
What does a jet engine technician do?
What should I do to become a commercial pilot?
What is the difference between COM and Auxilary COM signals?
Why do we always use circular nozzles for commercial aircraft engines?
Why aren't the canards used as airbrakes on the Tupolev Tu-144?
What is the purpose of the extra wheel on the XB-70 main gear?
How does a small aircraft like a Cessna fly at night?
Why does the airplane not 'feel' the crosswind?
How does lowering altitude conserve energy in Solar Impulse 2?
What does the phrase from the FAA, "clear to maneuver" mean?
How are cloud bases and tops reported on PIREPS?
What is this plane?
Myth or Fact? U.K pilots struggling for work while U.S big airlines are kicking down the door for pilots with an American passport
Which are typical rpm values for aeronautical turbines?
Is there any country that requires window blinds to be open for takeoff and landing?
What is the aspect ratio of a wing?
In which cases the lift distribution is not elliptical? (i.e. e≠1)
Does the Piper Aztec have flaps and slats and if so what kind?
Is there an alternative (more robust) operating law/setting for jet-engines? After one engine failed?
Is TBO an airworthiness item or just a recommendation?
What difference is there between stabilizers and stabilators concerning longitudinal stability?
Could a light helicopter pilot land a transport-category helicopter?
What are the mechanisms fitted in the SA321G Super Frelon rotor head?
Where can I find airspace maps for Turkey?
What is the capacity of the vent surge tank in an A320?
What high-lift devices are used on the Bombardier Dash 8 Q400?
If the cabin temperature controller does not function, does the pilot have to make an emergency landing?
Is it a flight violation to mishear ATC instructions for exiting the runway?
Will control surfaces on a plane be less efficient at a higher altitude?
What is the purpose of a USB port in the cockpit?
What are approach control's expectations regarding weather information for flights to satellite airports?
When are pilots required to have approval to conduct practice approaches?
Can an Autogyro with wings survive a rotor mechanical failure? Will it be safer?
Is the separation distance between two aircraft approaching an airport the same under CDA and Non-CDA scenario?
What is considered "high altitude"?
Just how much power (as a percentage) is necessary to drive a compressor in a jet engine?
Can I apply for a commercial-utility licence for an auto-gyro?
Why are passenger and cargo airplane noses manufactured separately from fuselages and then put together?
What does dashed blue lines overlay with thick faded blue lines mean in an aeronautical-chart?
What distinct challenges are faced in taxi operations that aren't found in other phases of flight?
Solar biplane possibilty?
what is the statistical risk of head rotor failure?
How can I find the location and coverage of aviation VHF transmitters?
How does a jet engine handle suddenly entering a lot of rain?
Is there a special kind of fuel needed to obtain high efficiency engines?
Is it possible to perform a spin recovery in IMC?
What is the angle of attack of horizontal stabilizer?
Helicopters with landing skids, no wheels; How are they taken in and out of a hangar?
Why is the combustion temperature in a turbojet engine kept low?
Where can I find the planned and flown paths for certain flight routes?
Why might a passenger jet fly at altitudes in a strong headwind when the winds are more favorable at a different altitude?
Can a gyro-copter soar?
How does an airplane do a Kulbit manoeuvre?
What is the loading diagram for a C-130J?
Is it possible to balance a tail heavy plane with a vertical prop on its tail?
How does a fan differ from a propeller?
What is the difference between fixes and waypoints on an arrival plate?
What constitutes a wind gust in a METAR report?
What is this stem on the underside of a Cessna 172R (1997)?
How can we determine the maximum camber and thickness for airplane wings?
Does the Cessna POH state the fuel consumption in Imperial or US Gallons?
Can jet engines be used for VTOL civilian aircraft?
How can an airliner make up for time lost?
How do airlines pay for aviation fuel and services at an airport they don't normally use?
Has a Russian Tu-95 ever had to make an emergency landing in Europe?
Will having a history of depression prevent me from flying?
Can tower clear aircraft for take off with traffic still on the runway?
Do propellers have any lead/lag mechanism?
Is trimming for constant speed equal to trimming for constant angle of attack?
Do "Civil Aviation Regulations" and "Aeronautics Bulletins" still have any legal authority today?
What are effective ways to spot the aircraft ATC specified?
About climb: If we use T/W as input, the second grade equation yields two solutions for W/S. Are both solutions realistic?
What causes an airplane to rhythmically bounce during taxiing?
Is commercial domestic service using foreign registry aircraft allowed in the USA?
What does a drone do when it's out of control range?
What is a Visual Climb Over Airport (VCOA) and how is it properly executed?
How much force is needed to tow an airliner?
Can you be cleared to cross a runway *behind* an aircraft on takeoff?
What bank angles are used for IFR operations?
Is there a maximum possible size for an airplane?
How do large drones communicate with ATC?
How does the performance of an aircrafts propeller change with respect to distance from obstructions?
Are ducted fans more efficient?
How is the crew rest area on the A350 accessed?
Compressor-Turbine: Why a shaft and not kind of a "rotating drum"?
How do pilots of small planes know where to move people?
What are the regulations for non-aircraft targets in airport movement area?
How reliable is the Airbus FAC calculated gross-weight?
Do aviation intercoms have a standardized compatibility with radio stacks?
Why did the Beechcraft Starship use a delta wing?
How far away from a wing's surface does the air stream remain unaffected?
Why does this shockwave not touch the body that creates it?
How is the central hub / shaft casing of a two-spool jet engine assembled?
How much does a Black Box Underwater Locator Beacon (ULB) cost?
Is setting elevator to certain angle equal to trimming the horizontal stabilizer?
Which operating systems do entertainment systems run on?
What is the purpose of fins on the empennage on some helicopters?
What makes the swooping noise when a jet flies overhead?
What FAA rules govern tethered, outdoor UAV flight?
How do I achieve a lower stall speed, and capture potential CLmax without enough elevator control authority?
What is the most accurate geometric plane for referencing terrestrial flight attitude?
When approaching stall, why does the center of pressure move back?
What is the significance of a clover-shaped flight track?
Why do the MiG-15 and MiG-17 have a split air intake in their noses?
What are the FAA requirements for when to use an airline call sign & flight number versus the aircraft registration number?
Why don't Transport Category aircraft have a listed Vy?
What is the physical explanation for the formation and position of stagnation points on an object moving in a fluid?
Why Is This Tyre Square On The BA A380?
How are ADS-B surface position frames decoded?
Which CS-23 airplane has the lowest takeoff speed?
Where is an EASA PPL valid outside of Europe?
Do jet engine exhausts usually glow orange?
Why are min and max temperatures (TN TX) not published in TAFs in the United States?
Can you get sucked out of a hole in an aircraft?
What lights does the Cessna 172 light rheostat control?
What is "one flat movement" of a screw on the fuel control unit?
Was there a design flaw in the fuel tanks of the MiG-15/17/19/21?
Where can I find an accurate list of IATA meal codes?
Can an aircraft at 10,000 feet have sea level pressure in the cabin?
Why is the Mooney's signature tail profile different from most planes?
Does ATC have to maintain separation on diverging aircraft?
Why did some aircraft use hand-crank instead of gravity for alternate gear extension?
How did jet engine aircraft perform compared to the best reciprocating engine aircraft during WW2?
What is the best combination of airfoil shape for flight in ground effect over water?
Why is there no 100% power in the POH power setting table?
Is 3 crew cockpit safer than 2 crew?
Why do "angels" mean MSL, not AGL?
Does anxiety increase the likelihood of developing motion sickness?
What makes a smokeless jet engine?
How does ATC handle changing QNH/altimeter values?
What was Boeing's competitor to the C-5?
What happens when a supersonic aircraft passes another supersonic aircraft?
When to slow down to Va for turbulence?
How can the Antonov AN 225 only have 2 nose wheels?
Can IATA code for an airport be more or less than 3 letters?
Is it a mistake or standard procedure to lit the landing lights only on very short final?
How does the ski shape of an aircraft carrier deck help for take off?
Why there is no airport IATA code XXX?
Can small airplanes dump fuel during flight?
Do pilots adjust the aircraft's flight path to allow for the curvature of the Earth?
Will I fail a skills test for doing a constant-aspect climb-out?
What is the drag of helicopter rotor at jet speed?
What is the gray zigzag line over V154 between Dublin VORTAC and LOTTS intersection?
Do I need special permission to land at a Landing Rights Airport?
When were flares first used as IR countermeasures, and by whom?
Why are cockpit voice recorders limited to 2 hours recording?
Is special equipment required to perform high-voltage line inspections?
How is the Cessna 172S G1000 Electrical System powered?
Why would a jet engine use cannular combustors if the annular design is superior?
Are sudden turns and descents a standard emergency procedure?
Why would a commercial flight make banked turns five minutes before landing / low altitude?
How many commercial jetliners are equipped with ADS–B?
Are turn and slip indicators calibrated to a certain speed? If so, what speed?
Why does it take months, sometimes years, for the BEA and NTSB to complete aviation accident investigations?
Why are voice recordings stored and not transmitted?
Where can I find (online) manuals for refueling A320/B737 for a given destination?
Extreme landings alarm types
How does TACAN work?
How does the IAS stall speed vary with increasing altitude?
How are aircraft separated at high altitude?
What are the pros and cons of scimitar propellers?
Does the expression "stall speed" have a definition?
How can a 777ER fly from the 9000 ft runway at Bologna (LIPE)?
Could an explosive decompression trigger the smoke detectors?
Has a "fight" ever happened in the cockpit?
How are naval jets moved around below the deck of a carrier?
What are these vehicles with no callsign used for?
Why would a pilot ask the tower to turn the VASI off?
Why do naval jet aircraft need to have strengthened undercarriages?
Are birds aerodynamically stable?
What are the limits on myopia for a pre-eye refraction surgery for a class 1 medical certificate?
How can I stop being too high or low when on base and final?
How should I log total hours flown in different countries?
Lift and Newton's laws
What are the flying accommodations in Silicon Valley for private pilots?
What is the equation for the energy balance between turbine, compressor and propeller?
What are the effects of crosswind on takeoff?
Should the type of plane influence my travel choice?
How does aircraft weight affect the glide performance?
Is it acceptable to use VNAV data in lieu of localizer recommended altitudes?
What fail safe protections exist to prevent non-plug type cabin doors opening in flight?
Which country has the lowest flight time requirement for the issuance of a pilot certificate?
Do I need to get a new AFSP approval if I change to a new part 61 instructor?
What is a good place to start learning about pulse jets?
What is the difference between MCP and METO?
What is the relation between airspeed and generated heat at constant drag?
Why did this commercial flight fly in circles while far from the destination?
What orders of Ram Rise Coefficient (Recovery Factor) are commonly encountered?
What is the difference between dry operating weight and dry operating mass?
How do you report reckless pilots?
Are commercial pilots incentivized to reduce fuel consumption?
How much electrical power is available in a Gulfstream G550 and from which power sources?
Why has flight UA106 such a strange predicted flight path?
Do all Class B and Class C towers operate 24/7?
How can I use electric motor data with my prop data to obtain a power available verses velocity curve?
How can I scale down a propeller for wind tunnel testing?
Why is using opposite rudder and aileron necessary in left turn for coordination?
What is the US FAA concerned about when it comes to psychiatric medications?
How does cultural difference impinge upon human factors in aviation industry safety?
How have deep-seated cultural human factors (particularly in east Asia) in the cockpit been successfully managed in the past 20 years?
To what extent have political (race, gender, social class) attitudes been implicated as human factors in the cockpit?
Why is the reheat exhaust flame of some fighter aircraft blue while for some it is orange?
How were fighter jets built in the 1950's?
How is a conflict between aircraft with TCAS I and II resolved?
What is the difference between Marginal VFR (MVFR) and Special VFR (SVFR)?
Is it still "landing" in a seaplane?
What's the rule of thumb for power and rpm in a constant speed prop?
Is the maximum power the Merlin 61 reciprocating engine occuring at its maximum RPM?
Is there any load and balance and attitude that can put positive G on one wing and negative on the other?
Why do IFR reporting points have odd names?
Why do the engines of the PAK FA (Sukhoi T-50) seem not to be not aligned parallel to each other?
Why does this plane not pitch up after a dive?
Has anybody done gliding experiments with exact replicas of the birds or other real world flying creatures?
What should I do to resolve an incorrect birth date on my FAA medical certificate?
How can I go from a CPL to an A320 Rating?
What is the difference between AIM, AIP and AIS in the US?
What does BUS mean in the startup procedure?
Does a high "wing loading" require a high approach speed or does it cause a high approach speed?
Is "lower pressurization" the correct term for the 787 Dreamliner?
Is induced drag essentially nothing more than a specific type of form drag?
Maximum/Lowest achievable expansion ratio (generally) in a turbine?
Can a Diesel Aircraft engine be run on Car Diesel?
What happens if a seat belt is found broken, before flight take off?
Where to download a specific flight route before the flight?
Flying an amphibian with ASEL privileges
Will afterburner work at settings less than full dry thrust?
Is seating distribution planned in airliners or is it left to casuality?
How is a horizontal stabilizer attached to the fuselage and works as a trimmable Horizontal Tail as well?
How much thrust and fuel are required to get a B767 moving from a complete stop?
How do airlines handle uncertainty in passenger weight for weight and balance calculations?
Why are airports like Roswell and Fresno so popular for flight tests?
Are pilots required to notify the tower when they are flying "under the hood" for IFR training?
How much could human power add to the endurance of an electric gyrocopter?
Are there specific mass breakdowns for aircraft?
Are any online resources available for ATC recordings?
What are these small jets and large propeller aircraft flying in formation?
How can an aircraft owner/operator track unauthorized flights?
Why does fuel consumption decrease with increasing aircraft altitude?
How to tell the difference between METAR and SPECI reports?
How does experienced pressure vary with airspeed?
What are some alternative benefits to electric propulsion?
Why are test crashes not made harder on the airframe?
What is the object on the nose of this HondaJet in this marketing video?
Can a colour blind person pursue a career in Commercial Flying?
Can I land at an uncontrolled airport under class C without talking to ATC?
What airframe design is best for stormy weather?
How large and heavy is the B737's built-in stair?
Do pilots make a lot of money?
Is there a minimum distance between a runway and a public road?
Why is there typically a large gap between the first flight and mass production of aircraft?
How long does flight planning take / when is it done / how is it done?
What advantage(s) are there for the HondaJet's engine mount position?
Does the air resistance of a jet engine air intake count towards the jet's total air resistance?
How do hot air balloons get started (without burning the fabric)?
Why isn't there a procedure for dual-engine failure in twin-engine airplanes?
Which speed shall be used on high speed taxiway?
Are there any guidelines on airframe age and metal fatigue in light aircraft?
What is the structure of the crew documentation used in flight for a commercial aircraft?
Which CPUs and programming languages are used in new airliner flight control systems?
Upgrading a Sport license to a Private license - is a new student license necessary to solo non-LSA aircraft?
How do the cabin noise levels of the A380 and the 777 300 ER compare?
Which air traffic controller positions are considered most challenging?
Could a plane land inside or on top of another plane in flight?
What factors determine the direction of the resultant force vector?
Where can I find a collection of maximum range at maximum payload values for all aircraft types?
Is it centrifugal force that allows a non-aerodynamic body to achieve lift purely because of thrust?
Do pilots have the ability to bypass customs when utilizing jump-seat privileges?
What do the components of a shockwave's visual artefacts represent?
What is the difference between Distant (D) NOTAMs, Local (L) NOTAMs and FDC NOTAMs in the US?
Why doesn't the Concorde have any wing fences?
Why do you have to keep your seat belt fastened after landing?
How does the efficiency of a turbofan compare between take off speeds and optimal conditions?
What are these unsymmetrical parts at the tail of the Tupolev TU-144?
Is it necessary to have my full name (including middle name) on my student pilot license?
In the UK, which ATS unit would be responsible for CTR entry clearances?
What dialogue would a crop duster typically have with ATC?
What could cause a distinct tube of condensation over a wing?
How does a pilot make sure they have received all applicable NOTAM's?
What is this white smoke like thing, seen inside the cabin before takeoff?
Why are trailing-edge control surfaces usually split?
How exactly should I understand the term "accidental hull loss"?
What happens to US military demo teams following unexpected pilot turnover?
Why does the TAF provide forecasts at irregular intervals?
Why Do They Continue To Abbreviate Weather Products? Can We As A Community Change This?
How to identify a specific 707 variant?
Has the typical cabin pressure in airliners changed in recent decades?
When may I change my transponder code to 1200 when being handled by ATC?
Why do the F/A-18 and the F-22 Raptor have horizontal stabilizer as well as canted rudders for pitch control?
Why does the canopy of the F-22 Raptor have a golden tinge?
What would happen if the Emergency Locator Transmitter was activated wrongly?
Do you have to explain what your emergency is?
Why do most propeller-powered planes not have an autothrottle?
What is the difference between GPS, GNSS and RNAV?
What factors are considered when a runway is planned?
Why is a urine test performed during pilot medical examinations?
What measures can the aerospace industry take to deal with changes in the electronic industry that are incompatible with its own conservatism?
Can a pilot work flight engineer's station?
Is this explanation of adverse yaw correct?
Is there a formula for calculating the pivot point of an aircraft while turning on the ground?
What would happen if thrust reversal is accidentally deployed during a flight?
Which is more accurate for height measurement: GPS or barometer?
What weight and balance form should I use for my checkride?
Are there some minimum criteria for a field to be registered with the FAA as an airstrip?
How does compression ratio change, if at all, from sea level to higher altitudes?
What is the technical role of a flight attendant?
Why have none of the US /UK/Japanese airlines ordered the Irkut MC-21 yet?
Why there is such a strong correlation between the range of an airliner and its passenger capacity?
Has reversing the active runway direction ever led to lined-up aircraft taxiing to the other end of the runway?
How should I handle a change of address for a Student Pilot License in the USA?
Can planes benefit from Mitsubishi's Air Lubrication System?
Has research into the aerodynamic properties of non-smooth surfaces suggested any promising directions for future aircraft design?
Seatbelts-on during taxi protocol: Risk assessment
Twin otter engine starting procedure
Why are there no commercial supersonic flights at present?
How do we get Required RVR or Actual RVR for an instrument approach?
Is it possible to land a commercial aircraft with an elevator trim stuck at a high degree?
What is the procedure to turn a certified aircraft into an experimental aircraft?
Why are passengers not given the option of shoulder harnesses?
How does an FMS shift after losing all external navaids?
Why does the speed of commercial airliners fluctuate, sometimes as high as 1,060 km/h or as low as 800 km/h?
Why didn't government regulators prevent MH17 from flying the route it took?
Why are APU engine generators rated in kVA and not kW?
Do airplanes dump fuel before landing?
Are there regulations about objects/buildings above (across) taxiways?
How did planes measure their speed relative to the ground before GPS?
How does GPS measure any plane's ground speed?
Why is there a difference between military parachutes and those used for skydiving?
Is a fixed wing more efficient in reaching a certain altitude than rotary wing?
What are these autonomous, shape-shifting indoor neutral-density craft I read about?
why don't airships / blimps use frontal stabilizers or thrusters?
Where can I find a free/cheap small airplane wing?
How tight should passengers wear the seat belt?
What is the absolute velocity change through compressor+burner?
Do fighters or bombers ever ditch their weapons?
What is recurrent training?
Why do forward-swept winged fighters have the main wings in the back?
GA Headsets - is there a standard for the replaceable microphone?
What is the regulation related to weather radar use?
How do fighter jets measure how high they are?
What is the difference between landing weight and end-of-mission weight?
How do pilots fight jet lag?
AF447 stall and failure to recover
Is flying during the day safer than flying at night?
What is the power generating capacity for an airport GPU?
How does SOFIA cope with open hull?
How do the air conditioning packs work for the CRJ 700/900?
How much weight does removing a vacuum system really save?
How are bids packages and awards generated?
Is it bad form to call "ready to depart" when you know you won't be cleared yet?
Why a higher compressor pressure ratio results in higher Thrust and lower TSFC?
Does the dihedral effect happen during coordinated flight?
Is a complex airplane endorsement required to act as PIC of a plane without all three elements of the "complex airplane" definition?
Can someone provide details about airlines dividing crew into personality groups?
How much responsibility does ATC have to alert a flight about being in a dangerous situation?
Would it help airlines, if they knew passenger weight before hand?
How does the static pressure system keep the ambient pressure?
Which are the requirements to fly a N-registered aircraft operated by a non-US airline?
Can an aircraft owner legally replace an oil quick drain valve?
Can I use a personally owned aircraft in the EU for PPL flight training?
What is the role of the flight dispatcher? How do the dispatcher and the flight crew interact?
Is it an acceptable practice to take off in a microburst?
How many aluminum panels on the top of a 172M wing from 1972?
Is it true an ILS CAT IIIc can automatically taxi-in an aircraft?
How does inlet spillage drag produce a lip suction effect?
How does an aircraft move on the ground?
What scientific evidence is there about the effectiveness of pre-flight walk-arounds?
What is this partially disassembled aircraft in the desert?
Are airliners searched after each flight?
What happens to #2 if a formation flight violates a FAR?
Why do my ears pop if the cabin is pressurized?
Do I get two different certificate cards if I earn both a pilot and an instructor certificate in the US?
Is there always turbulence over China?
Can the MEL be equal to MMEL?
Are municipal airports in the U.S. treated differently than most public places in regards to legal, holstered, loaded firearm carry?
What, exactly is "on the MEL"?
Could the experience of inflatable structures in boats be applied to large aircraft design?
What exactly is a variable incidence tailplane?
How was the "frozen wing flap grease" problem solved? (Antarctica, 2001 emergency evac)
Case Study: Did I need to declare an emergency?
Are pilots legally required to verbally declare an emergency to invoke §91.3(b)'s deviation authorization?
What are the design goals for NASA's X-57?
When are black boxes used?
Could you help me identify a sound that began before pushback?
What are the landing stall speeds of a Cessna 172?
What is the step-by-step process to become a ground instructor in the US?
Is there a planned ADS-B update that would allow ATC to view an aircraft's traffic coverage?
What is a skidding turn (vs slipping turn)?
Which airports in Ireland use Surface Movement Radar?
Are GA airports typically accessible 24/7?
What is a hypernym for the ascending and descending legs of a flight?
Do the CAA's recent changes to medical requirements mean I wasted my time getting a medical?
What if there are no volunteers to sit in the emergency exit row?
How is the emergency exit row handled when there are no passengers aboard eligible to sit in an exit row seat?
What help do you have to provide if you are seated in the emergency row and there is a situation?
Can I do a VFR climb-out on IFR flight plan?
Why do some flights make turns shortly after takeoff?
Is it possible to obtain a CPL without a PPL?
Do airliners adjust altitude for latitude?
Was the airframe involved in the LOT Flight 16 accident repaired?
Which airplanes are required to have a Flight Data Recorder in Europe?
What is a "Lifeline Extension Belt"?
How far can a passenger plane taxi?
Why do you never see any other planes in the sky whilst flying?
What do the various A340 configurations (clean, 1, 1+F, etc.) mean?
How dangerous are Polar Routes, if an aircraft must land on water or wild land?
What are concrete examples for class G up to 14500?
What happens to the cabin pressure if all the packs (ACMs) stop working?
Why are jet aircraft never designed with a slower cruise speed?
Are aircraft accidents more frequent in specific countries?
What does it mean "the airport has the code A 129" (Nida airport, Europe)?
Are some countries' civil aviation authorities safer than others?
Can I pilot a plane while having a chronic mental health condition?
Why do ground crews rotate a radial engine's propeller before a motor/cartridge start?
Why does the spiraling slipstream from a propeller hit the left side of the fin?
Why does flying inverted in a jet trainer starve the engine of fuel when there's a pump?
Have crash investigators ever used pilot cameras to help find the cause of a GA crash?
What is the FAA's official outlet for informing the public of permanent, systemic changes?
Why is the black box still relevant?
What is the width of seat tracks on airliners?
Is this a Convair C-240?
What's the point of the Total In-Flight Simulator?
Have we seen the last significant experiments in the configuration of jet airliners?
When taxi-ing a tail-dragger across a kerb, is it best to cross straight-on or at an angle?
What are these elements on the back of a Boeing 737?
Are turboprops more efficient than piston engines (thrust per fuel consumption)?
What accidents of chance have played a part in the design evolution of aircraft?
Which FAA certifications may be used as a name suffix and how are they properly used?
Why does a turboprop lag?
What are these aircraft at AMARG? Why are they dismantled this way?
Can some planes turn using just the rudder or without banking?
Where can I find documentation on the A/C Pack of an ATR 42/72?
How to calculate the thrust of a piston or turboprop engine?
How can I convert a non-ICAO (Taiwanese) pilot's license to FAA or EASA?
Why is the VFR traffic pattern area at some airports different from its IFR circling approach area?
Would it be possible to economically repair 9V-SWB?
What is the relation between the boundary layer and lift of an aerofoil?
Is a recoil start (hand propping) allowed if it isn't mentioned in the aircraft manual?
May I fly from the right seat due to a temporary disability?
What are the effects of headwind on ground speed and take off run?
How is heading / windspeed written?
Do companies based in non-English-speaking countries require intra-cockpit procedural communication to be performed in English?
Is a firm landing an indication of the pilot inexperience?
How can I calculate the moment coefficient around the center of gravity?
Why do METAR's report wind relative to true north rather than magnetic?
Why does Logan Airport's Runway 32/14 only have arrivals on the 32 heading?
How close is an obstruction allowed to be in an instrument approach?
How should we think of 'layers' of air flow?
Will the new airmen certification standards make it more difficult to add ratings?
What level of damage to an aircraft is acceptable to let it depart?
I have an FAA ATPL based on a foreign ATPL, can I convert it to an EASA ATPL?
Is it possible to become a commercial pilot if one suffered from depression in the past?
What sort of issues related to extreme heat (115°F, 46°C plus) would prevent takeoffs or landings?
What is the applicable regulation for flying in a residential area?
Relation between drag and aspect ratio
Why were rotary vane compressors never used in jet engines?
How can I determine takeoff and landing from an ADS-B feed?
How are wooden aircraft protected from lightning strikes?
Why would pilots "call the company" after an aborted takeoff?
Passenger hypoxia in a small plane at 11,000 feet: what is the pilot's responsibility?
How is the Density Altitude performance penalty split between propeller and engine?
How do aircraft carriers treat foreign Flight Information Regions?
How does a pilot aim for an aircraft carrier?
Why does a pilot want to hold a Squawk Code when leaving Class B airspace?
Why are westbound transatlantic routes located hundreds of km away from eastbound routes?
What are normal landing separation minima?
What privileges do off-duty pilots have in their own airline?
Declaring an emergency: How should you report fuel remaining?
What is the encoding difference between ARINC 429 BNR and BCD formats?
What kind of helmet is in this A-10 video?
Why does an aircraft pitch up when the speed increases?
What methods are used to perform head tracking in the cockpit?
Why does the ACS forbid activation of the stall warning during slow flight?
What is the relation between pressure and airflow speed above an airfoil?
Did Air Europe fly to Toronto from Lamezia Terme?
What is the difference between ADS-B UAT and ADS-B ES?
How did the B707 and DC-8 fight stress at the windows?
Can quadcopter-like UAVs ever get significantly quieter? Any candidate technology?
Why isn't the course fixed along an airway?
Why is induced drag less on a high span wing?
Is it fact or fiction that Ashgabat control tower is misplaced?
Is there a standard that defines all Special Service Requests?
How to safely wash a Nomex flight suit?
Does drag increase with increasing bypass ratio in turbofan engines?
Can I use my non-WAAS GPS receiver with ADS-B in the United States?
What qualifies as "open water" with respect to FAR 91.119?
Why did this plane fly in a zigzag pattern?
In what ways do air traffic controllers communicate with pilots in class A airspace?
Why were the TWA TriStar middle seats smaller than the aisle seats?
Why do older planes not have a middle hand luggage compartment?
Are there any accident reports that mention hacked/compromised avionics as a factor?
Can an aerodrome in class G airspace be controlled?
Why is wireless avionics intra-communications (WAIC) not used for air-air or air-ground communication?
What is the wording on outline of Wright Flyer on FAA pilot license?
What course should be taken to make estimated calculations?
What is the order of Reynolds number inside the Compressor at cruise conditions?
What are the differences between a VOR and a VORTAC?
What resources can direct me to real estate with landing strips?
What is a good flight simulator for a beginner?
Partial Serial numbers on Military Aircraft - what combination is unique?
To what extent is the clerical work (i.e. amending flight plans, logging, etc.) of a center air traffic controller now automated?
Is there any FAA Regulation who may wash a private aircraft such as Cessna Skyhawk or Citation?
How much force can the Dukane DK 100 ULB (Underwater Locator Beacon) widthstand?
How are redundant twin engines coupled on a helicopter?
Do any airplanes really have this piece Tom Cruise is hanging onto in this movie?
Why is the A400M APU on the side of the fuselage instead of the back?
What is the difference between inboard and outboard engines on a Russian IL-18 turboprop?
What is the difference between conventional VOR and Doppler VOR?
What is the longest range single-pilot certified (FAA and/or EASA) business jet?
If a passenger steps in for the crew, are they eligible for a reward as in maritime law?
What are the options for installing ADS-B OUT in a Cessna Citation to meet the regulations?
Are there other examples of human-electric hybrid aircraft?
Can the four-engined Lockheed JetStar II fly on one engine?
What are the (new?) FAR Part 141 rules for simulator hours for private pilots?
To what extent is the HOST system still in use?
Are military and jet pilots given any extra training before entering commercial aviation if yes, then how?
Do thermals stop rising when clouds are formed?
How does the MiG-23 fuel system work?
What is the reason for the detour flight route from AUH to BEY?
Is there a clear or particular pattern in the mistake-making that leads to a landing at the wrong airport?
To what extent (if any) is it possible or desirable for the pilot of a large airliner to "fly by the seat of the pants"?
Are jet aircraft still at risk of hijacking by people wielding melee weapons?
What makes someone a 'Senior First Officer'?
Used commercial aircraft engines
open windshield during landing/takeoff
Does the Piper PA-28 Cherokee have a limitation on its maximum lifetime flight hours?
Why do the British not produce anymore aircraft?
How tight should my orbits be?
What is the heat signature of a piston engine, relative to a jet engine?
Why is the trailing edge sweep angle smaller at the wing root?
What are those 5-character alphanumeric waypoints?
Why must IFR be cancelled?
How many displays does an ARTCC Air Traffic Controller view and what is displayed on each?
Can a passenger force a Go Around?
What are some good resources on Jet Design?
How is the ALSF-II approach lighting system built and powered?
How often is the exterior of airliners cleaned?
Are "Tally-ho" and "no joy" acceptable ATC terms for civil operations?
What is the FAA's source for the type designators they use in IACRA?
Is it legal to give flight instruction in my own airplane without 100 hour inspection if doing it for no charge?
How does the GE H75 eliminate the need for hot section inspections?
Can airliners fly inverted?
What is the best design for a small flying wing with special flight envelope?
Is there ATC audio from the Sled Driver Speed Check story?
Light Plane: Transition to Right-Seat Flying: How to Prepare, What are Common Errors?
How is a variable sweep wing constructed?
Can I get refractive eye surgery and pass a medical in Europe fitting EASA requirements?
Has the Beechcraft company considered building a single-engine turboprop?
What is the procedure to obtain an FAA ATP while in the United States for a holder of a CPL from Pakistan?
What is the En-Route Information Display system (ERIDS) used for?
Why was the P-51 Mustang not adopted by the U.S. Navy?
What are en-route VHF marker beacons (75 MHz)?
What is the difference between the FAA FNS NOTAM and the FAA PilotWeb NOTAM websites?
Is there a modern single-seat turboprop?
Can a sonic boom arrive before the source?
Can planes fly without wings but with a horizontal stabiliser?
What is the best way to retrieve (and transmit) location (GPS) of plane in real time?
What is the difference between "anywhere" and "other than congested areas" in regard to minimum safe altitude?
How does a nose down stall occur?
How do I find the serial number and other important information of an old airplane I have?
What if all passengers pay to check in extra baggage?
Is there a maximum airfield elevation in which a Cessna 172P can operate?
(Why) Do airliners travel together sometimes?
What make and model are these two small propeller planes?
What role, if any, does visual aesthetics play in the design of modern airliners?
How can a flying wing style airplane recover from a spin without a vertical stabilizer?
What trajectory do I fly if bearing angle is constant?
Are runway safety areas for both emergency landings and aborted take-offs?
How does a national ATC make money?
What are the requirements to obtain an FAA private pilot's license in Bosnia?
What is an air traffic controller's role in handoffs?
How do pilots calculate the temperature to put Into the FMS for an FLX takeoff?
Can a pilot take off at his own discretion?
Is there really anything to be gained by placing the propeller at the top of the vertical stabiliser?
What is the height requirement for pilots in the Philippines?
Why evacuate wing at the front side after water landing?
Where can the FAA versus ICAO official filed differences be found?
Are “Kennedy Steve’s” various jokes allowed in ATC communications?
Why is the MD-88's front starboard door smaller than its port one?
In modern commercial aircraft, is it possible for pilot inputs to exceed the tolerable structural loads?
Why might a moving map Android app consistently record altitude off by 120 feet?
Why is flutter a function of true, not indicated, airspeed?
Could the Concorde reliably land with all engines out?
Where can I find standard aviation abbreviations for the "unit of measure"?
Does a flight dispatcher need to update the flight plan during GTB and ATB?
Is there any emergency situation in which jet engines would not be shut down before passenger evacuation of a transport aircraft?
What to do if expediting your ascent or descent is impossible/unsafe?
How does the angle of attack vary in turns?
May a pilot legally fly an ILS approach to ILS minimums with an inoperative Attitude Indicator without declaring an emergency?
What determines the noise an aircraft's undercarriage makes at the moment it leaves the ground?
How does an engine fall off the wing?
In the U.S., what are the requirements for being an Executive airport?
What happens if a student busts Dallas Fort Worth bravo airspace?
Can reverse-thrust be used to push back from the gate?
Is there a legal minimum stop time between 2 legs?
Do modern aircraft have the functionality for the pilots to look behind the aircraft?
How reliable are aircraft cutaway drawings from Flightglobal?
Is it ever possible to auto-rotate with a missing rotor blade?
What is the meaning and difference between CTAF, UNICOM and MULTICOM in the US?
Does a pilot of Air Force One receive any special privileges?
How do people suffering from hypoxia not realize they aren't getting enough oxygen?
What does the phrase “turnouts approved” mean?
How are helicopter rotor blades balanced?
Why are the windshield wipers in the A320 power-up checklist?
How does an aircraft turn while taxiing?
Why do Airliners still have a switch for the non-smoking sign?
Is pilot alerted of any physical or structural failures?
What flight and route information do pilots need for flight?
What protection did the Concorde have against an uncontrolled decompression?
How do pilots set the exact amount of thrust needed for a reduced power takeoff?
What qualifies as a major overhaul?
How can I calculate the force on the nose gear at landing?
Why is everything in aviation written in abbreviations?
FAA Regulations for Passenger Aircraft
Do interceptor squawk codes suppress TCAS RAs?
For jets, how can we show that 1/2*ρ*V^2 is equivalent to 1481.3*δ*M^2?
Under EASA rules, what do I need to do to be able to perform aerobatics?
What happens if a helicopter engine fails at 20,000 feet?
When is a 100-hour inspection required if alternating commercial and private use?
Does a flight instructor rating supercede a ground instructor rating?
Can 80hp Rotax 912s be upgraded to 100hp?
What is the most economical way to store a small aircraft in a place with severe weather?
Do jets breaking the sound barrier leave shredded metal on the ground?
How do aircraft brake when using skis?
Has there been research into alternatives for the vertical stabilizer?
What is the rescue arrow decal on a military jet pointing to?
Why do airline toilets delay for a few seconds before flushing?
Where can I get flight departure change data?
Could atmospheric effects cause a PA-30 to break up?
What is the purpose of the Boeing SCAP module?
What determines the best glide speed?
How far ahead will ATC issue runway crossing clearances at controlled FAA airport?
What happens if Solar Impulse II encounters un-expected head wind and runs out of battery power?
How does landing performance differ on water vs. ice vs. paved/grass runways?
What causes noise when a plane is on the ground?
Is there a way to approximate the best glide speed for maximum glide distance in a headwind during flight?
Why are commercial propeller aircraft smaller than commercial jet aircraft?
What accident or safety data is available for ultralight aircraft?
Do GA pilots routinely request "flight following" from ATC, and why?
How, typically, do passengers and crew behave in a real-life airliner evacuation?
Are there any runways that aren't labeled reciprocally to each other?
Is the low air pressure on top of the wing the major contributor to lift?
Why wasn't Solar Impulse 2 cleared for takeoff?
Is V(L/D)max equivalent to glide speed regardless of weight, engine, height, etc.?
What are the disadvantages of a twin boom aircraft?
Is there currently a measurable shortage of pilots?
What spacing is needed between aircraft parking stands?
What restrictions are there for flying near urban areas in the United States?
Would there be any advantages to a wing with a concave upper surface?
How do pilots estimate glideslope visually without PAPIs?
Why must Vr be set so precisely?
Why is the drogue parachute jettisoned on the runway?
Are there cases of a thrust reverser used on a turbojet engine?
Why do fighter pilots wear helmets?
What is autofeather for?
Will optimising the weight distribution of a commercial flight save fuel?
Which is a longest flight in the world?
Are the cockpit and crew rest area considered part of the cabin?
How does ATC know if you have been assigned a squawk or not?
Is it true that as of 2014, flight reviews are waived for current flight instructors under FAA rules?
Where can one buy old 737 parts?
Is the "effective wing span" reduced in a turn?
Why do gate agents wait to ask for volunteers minutes before departure?
When is Class Delta Airspace not Class Delta?
What equipment does an A320 need in order to operate under RNP 2?
What is a trowal?
Which is the most efficient wing form in terms of performance and efficiency?
Radio communications lost on climb out in IMC: when can I turn on course?
What would be the process to approve a minimal, standardized flight recorder for commercial balloons?
How do I become a flight test engineer?
Why did this aircraft fly in this pattern over Southern Italy?
How frequent is the use of spoilers during descent?
Why did my phone's GPS receiver stop working when the plane was descending to land?
What would happen if the entire blade on a turbojet engine went supersonic?
How do airlines ensure each passenger has a life jacket before a flight?
Why is there a disparity in the conversion from runway visual range (RVR) to statute miles?
How to avoid talking over others when using different send/receive frequencies?
Is there a way to see the radar info ATC has?
Why do the transponders introduce codes instead of using aircraft registration numbers?
Why is the mammatus cloud formation so dangerous?
How can I legally organise a high school football game flyover in Delta airspace?
Help identify an unknown airborne object
What is the ILS glide slope deviation on a 4 degree VOR check error?
Why the lack of faster piston-powered planes?
What are the consequences of disobeying cabin crew during emergency?
Can a change in altimeter setting make you change the airspace?
Why aren't tilting propellers used as an alternative for ailerons or elevators?
Could the vertical stabilizer be removed on the NASA X-57?
Why was the production of the Lockheed SR-71 Blackbird halted?
How can I avoid downdrafts and icing when crossing the Alps in a small airplane?
What are the main differences between scimitar and regular propellers?
How much force can the landing gear of a Piper Arrow withstand?
What is the equality theory, or equal transit time theory, and is it supported by scientific evidence?
Is there a way to obtain real-time METAR data?
Is it currently possible to build a jet engine with 1,050 kN of thrust? (236,049 lbf)
What happens if a private pilot's license isn't used for some time?
What is the difference between a forward, aft, high and low center of gravity?
What percentage of airliner flights globally are freight flights?
What's the point of writing on a cockpit window?
Why do commercial flights avoid overflying Shandong Province?
When one engine fails in a twin-turbojet aircraft, is there a weight imbalance?
Can a jet cruise with asymmetric thrust?
How would one define or explain the term "unloading the controls?"
Why don't airliners use noise cancelling?
Why was the TSR-2 literally burnt down even before its first official flight?
What are the weights of vertical and horizontal stabilisers of a Boeing 747-400?
Why don't aircraft (commercial and military) use reflective visor windshields?
How much does the landing gear compress on a fully loaded airliner on the ground?
Why is the magneto drop check done at 1700 RPM?
Does the "west evens / east odds" rule apply when flying without a specific destination (sightseeing, etc)?
What might a pilot mean by "uncontrollable"?
Could the Grumman G-21 Goose be started by punching the instruments?
Why would the runway separation for parallel triple simultaneous precision approaches be dependent on airport elevation?
How can we deflect a laser beam from the windshield of a small aircraft?
Why and how do flaps increase the curvature of the wing?
What mode is the Boeing 777's autothrottle in right after touch down?
Where do I place pressure ports on an airfoil?
Does the centre of pressure of a cambered airfoil go ahead of the quarter chord point when angle of attack is increased?
What are the fuel requirements for Canadian flights?
How long would it take the Boeing 787 to go around the world?
Where can the highest air density be found on Earth?
What is the strongest jetstream ever encountered in commercial flight?
How safe are airplane tours of the Grand Canyon?
What units are used by western airliners?
What are the correct names of the parking spaces for turn-around?
Do any aircraft windshields have anti-reflective coatings?
Why are rules regarding the use of oxygen masks by commercial pilots often ignored?
Is the A330F main deck cargo compartment pressurized? If not, what is the purpose of the structural cargo access door?
What are the regulations for lighting fixtures around an airport?
How to get from IAS in MPH to KCAS using POH graph of best TAS/GPH?
If an aircraft does not have an FDR, must one be installed to comply with Flight Data Monitoring requirements in EASA countries?
What is this runway marking on Kirkwall Airport's runway?
Is it legal to fly GA aircraft in temperatures above what is shown on the performance charts?
Why are there 4 hands on the throttles of this B17 during takeoff?
Would there be any benefit in placing the aircraft engines on the elevator (end-tips)?
Why don't the US Navy Blue Angels fly Super Hornets?
How does the Learjet cabin pressurisation system work?
When did the Tu95 first use its armament in combat?
What happens to cabin pressurisation when the engines fail?
Where is the formal ICAO flight plan text format specified?
Is a "breakover feature" required for airliner seats?
When must FAA reply to my letter?
Is there a time limit for a line-up and wait?
What are the most number of propellors that a rotorcraft has been flown with?
Why might American Airlines fly a 767 from JFK to EWR?
Why is the centre of pressure for a real wing with low aspect ratio more forward than that in two-dimensional flow?
Does an RMI show true or magnetic north?
Is the airspace at KGPT class E or G when the tower is closed?
How does a horizontal tailplane stabilize a cambered airfoil aircraft?
How do airports manage gate assignments for aircraft?
Does a pilot have to request altitude changes when receiving flight following?
Can BOTH instrument rated pilot under the hood and safety pilot log PIC time in IFR flight?
What are these "patches" on an Airbus A321 wing?
What is the purpose of these labels on an aircraft's wings?
How to calculate aileron deflection for achieving similar roll dynamics at thin and dense air?
Can small RC aircraft utilize a steel sheet monocoque construction?
Do "water bomber" aircraft pilots have more relaxed rules?
What is the effect of flying height on helicopter fuel consumption?
How can an aircraft not fall into the sea after the arresting cable snaps during a carrier landing?
How are "charter" and "passenger" flights defined in the AIDX standard?
Are tail strike landings preferable for an emergency landing on water?
Does closing window shades save fuel?
Can I legally taxi a seaplane in a canal or channel?
What is this trio of fins at the back of a T-38?
Is solar power used (as auxiliary power) on commercial aircraft?
How does a taildragger steer (taxi) differently to tricycle gear?
Are there different configurations of cabin crew seating arrangement for one aircraft model?
Is there a database of radio-frequencies for airfields/airports in Europe?
Is it difficult for a GA aircraft to escape a thunderstorm?
What prep work can I do before transitioning from SEL to SES?
What FAA license does the EASA LAPL convert to?
How is taxi speed measured?
What is this smoke coming from an airplane wing when it is landing?
What is the viability of stacking passengers in an airplane cabin?
Can you file a flight plan to an airport whose runway is NOTAMed closed?
Was a 7300-mile non-stop flight possible in 1979?
Where can I find records of old FAA registrations?
Do pilots have procedures and safeguards against unintended altitude captures?
What is a raw data takeoff and is there a benefit to performing them?
Why is the King Air avionics switching system wired normally closed?
Can a C152 land VFR in Miami International Airport (KMIA)?
How do planes descend for landing?
What are these symbols on the runway?
Why is on-time performance important for commercial flights?
Where can I find reliable data on maximum turn rates for jet fighters?
What are the drawbacks of a liquid hydrogen jet engine?
How can I tell the difference between Spitfires and Hurricanes in photos?
Small aircraft performance enhancements due to winglets?
Why don't aircraft fly over Tibet?
What is this aircraft with wings seemingly fixed the wrong way?
What is the typical weight distribution ratio between nose gear and main gear?
What are the bump outs on a Bell 430 helicopter for?
What do solo pilots do between reporting points on longer flights?
How can coefficient of lift on the ground with flaps in the takeoff position be calculated using airfoil data?
What's the name and function of the tube-like thing?
Can radars detect small drones?
Which FAA regulations require compliance with TCAS II Resolution Advisories?
Do cabin evacuation tests include passengers with limited mobility?
In general terms, is a Constant Speed Propellor equiped aircraft more expensive to maintain?
Why is the phrase “infinite energy” used by this (alleged) ATSB investigator?
Can a commercial pilot transport friends for free?
Currency - is a safety pilot a passenger per the regs (FAA)?
Is prior clearance into Class B airspace revokable?
What are the differences between porpoise; bounced; and nose-pointed-down landings?
Is there any ATS into the Special Use Airpaces (SUA)?
What is the difference between "amended" and "revised" clearances?
What is a listening squawk?
Is there a checklist for lightning strike?
What is the origin for "squawk" having two different meanings in aviation?
Why were the cabin lights turned on during the flight?
Why aren't leading edge root extensions used on airliners?
Why are offset lead-in arcs used?
Can a private pilot obtain a recreational pilot certificate?
May an uncertificated pilot log non-PIC flight time for future certification?
What is the best way to reapply for a denied Class 3 medical certificate?
Is the gas velocity of a jet engine relative to the engine speed or is it absolute?
What is the difference between reversible and irreversible controls?
Could a private pilot violate 'commercial' rules if there is no compensation at all?
Does a request for passengers to open vents indicate pressurization issues or equipment failure?
Can an airliner complete a flight with one pack inoperative?
How does the slotted flap work?
Does anyone know where I can find old TFRs?
During a touch and go (C150) should I first raise flaps or set full throttle?
Is the differential between the forward and aft CG limits indicative of the overall stability of an airplane?
Why is white light more visible than red and green on this Cessna model on a sunny day?
Airliner - "barking dog" after take-off and before landing
Why ETOPS 207 minutes?
How does an ETOPS APU start in-flight?
Is there information available about an aircraft incident from New York to LHR in 2004?
What is the correct use of the verb "to leave," for exiting the runway?
How do I tell if class E airspace extends to surface or starts at 700'?
How to get the fuel on board reading on UVdatalink via Honeywell ACARS system?
How realistic is the plane scene in Captain America: The First Avenger?
What is the actual exhaust velocity of the exhaust from the J58 engines at cruise (Mach 3.2)?
When is QFE used?
Is there a published airspeed and TPA for Class B approach at San Diego International?
What effect would there be if the brakes were locked at touchdown?
Which aerobatic manuvers should I restrict myself to if I wear glasses?
How is flame stabilisation carried out?
When must delegated airspace be listed in the AIP?
How safe is the Beechcraft 1900?
Why was the U-2 so different from the SR-71?
Could airliners use a steam or electric powered catapult for take-off?
Can flight crew book tickets for themselves, on the same flight?
Is there a practical use of streaming data received from meteorological sensors installed on aircraft?
Will portable Stratus ADS-B In receivers operate normally from the passenger cabin of a commercial airliner?
Are weather balloon launches NOTAM'ed?
Which map projection is typically used on ATC radar screens?
What wing spacing is best for a tandem wing configuration?
How are multi vs single engine helicopters categorized?
Which en-route services are available to UK GA pilots?
Do I have to notify ATC if I go-around when I was cleared for a touch and go?
What do the white dumb-bell signals indicate?
Does full nose up trim yield best glide in Cessna 172/152 for a given load?
What does the T in RVR-T stand for?
Are Boeing 737 winglets adjustable from the cockpit?
Where does the lift act on a B747-400 wing when the aircraft flies straight and level?
What are these large yellow circles painted across the runway?
What do we hear, on the ground, from a helicopter in flight?
What is the difference between Flight Test and Test Flight?
Why don't light-up runway numbers similar to runway lights?
Which aircraft have made notable use of lateral asymmetry?
Were inclined runways ever under consideration?
Does windmill restart often work for airliner engines?
How to get a NOTAM on a Restricted Area?
What are the considerations to make when altering logbook entries?
What's usually going on in a "hot" military operations area (in the US)?
Can a US pilot fly a German D-xxxx aircraft in Germany?
Is there a such thing as an ARINC label for the yaw angle?
Is there an ARINC label/data that can be associated with a gyroscope's precession?
How were bullets fired through the propeller in the Focke Wulf 190?
What's the best way to get started flying?
Does hypoxia affect pilots differently from people on the ground?
Why five touchdown zone markings for only one aiming point?
Under VFR, can a pilot fly above a layer of clouds?
Do glider pilots require normal headsets?
Why publish an unusable airway?
Can a pilot act as cabin crew member?
Is it normal practice to refuel commerical planes whilst boarding is taking place?
Why does flying IFR require a rating?
Why are the wings of some planes changing width?
How does the safety record of the twin piston Diamond DA-42 compare to the single piston DA-40?
How precisely are airspace borders defined?
Can balloons be stacked in a climable daisy chain to the edge of space?
What factors come into play when reducing the total noise generated by a helicopter?
How to calculate the airspeed for maximum specific range?
Section alpha and Wing alpha are same or different?
Aircraft Identification: What single-engine, T-tail, commuter aircraft has a single prop but sounds like a jet?
How is TAS affected by wind?
How to calculate the fuel flow using the thrust specific fuel consumption?
If all engines fail in a Boeing, how heavy are the flight controls?
Why do fabric skin constructions not show up much in larger single piston aircraft?
Aviation business administration/ management or aeronautical engineering
How can planes with the same stall speed and power-to-weight ratio have such different takeoff field length, climb rate, glide ratio, etc?
In which situations can a Dual-Aircraft Platform (atmospheric satellite) remain nearly geostationary?
What is the effect of airfoil thickness on aerodynamic lift?
For taking-off and landing in a DHC-7, what elements can be used in writing a novel?
What variables is an engine's AFR based on?
How to design a propeller for UAV?
What does the Airbus A340 Primary Flight Display look like during startup?
Checklists before take off - how often must they be performed?
What is this display on the 737 Classic?
Where can I find a list of internal airline designations for various aircraft/cabin configurations?
What is the history of this specific Cessna propeller (s/n F2430)?
In the ARINC specification, does "sig bits" include the sign bit?
Why do airliners have "pressure bulkheads"?
Why are aircraft registration details made public?
What's this sound? - Dogfight between F14 & MiG23
Do planes have odometers?
Is it safe to fly ultralights at 6-7 weeks pregnancy?
Is the RAT pump on the A320 standard fitment or is it an "option"?
How can a sUAS operator contact ATC/identify themselves when contacting ATC?
How can a non-IFR rated pilot fly SVFR?
What is the benefit or motivation for having Class G airspace?
Does the USA government operate any business-jets with mid-air refueling capability?
Are there any civilian powered-lift aircraft besides the AW609?
What counts as "runway in sight" when flying an IFR approach to minimums?
Can light aircraft be equipped with yaw damper?
Is it possible for a modified hang glider to land safely coming from orbit?
What are good tips for flying across Tejon pass?
What is block hour in ACMI lease?
What is the fuel temperature in the tanks during a flight?
How is an airplane towed/recovered after an emergency off-field landing?
How can pressure pattern navigation be applied to light airplanes?
Why don't we fly helicopters with yokes?
How does the control-board on small drones govern their flight?
Why is "clearway minus stopway" used in V1 adjustments?
Could a plane with an electric turbine engine generate enough lift to provide a electric areodynamic lift and runway to space?
If DME is required, why have non-DME minima?
What is the maths behind the descent rate calculation?
Why do some helicopters have the tail rotor mounted higher than the tailboom?
Why is a 3 degree descent angle used?
If planes can go faster, why don't airlines fly faster?
Do new VHF radios need to be flight tested?
Why does the Piper Cherokee (PA-28-140) engine have such low horsepower despite the very large displacement?
How do pilots use stopway, EMAS, clearway and displaced threshold?
Unarmed F-16 -- why would it happen?
Can jet fighters be made to be 2 or 3 times bigger than they are today?
What are some common factors that affect GA aircraft manufacturability?
Besides size, what determines the cost of creating a composite structure for a single engine piston aircraft?
What is the maximum height of USAF fighter pilot?
Which "pilotless aircraft" did the authors of the 1944 Chicago convention have in mind?
What happens to EGT after a bird strike?
Under 3rd Class Medical Reform, When Do I Need To See My Doctor?
When airplanes first got windows, what material was used?
Why has aluminium, rather than steel, prevailed in airliner construction?
What are the rules for PIC change during flight?
Why did the north / south runways close at Daugherty Field (KLGB)?
Does slipping in turns allow higher climb rates?
What are those trucks towing around, and why?
What regulatory bodies are there?
Who is responsible for airspace separation when an IFR flight is cleared for a visual approach?
Where can over age 65 airline pilots fly?
Does terminal control have final say on which runways the towers should use?
Can a light glider without thermal protection land from the orbit, starting from the orbital speed?
How do manufacturers/kit providers determine Vne?
Could a pick up truck save a plane with failed landing gear?
Has there ever been a fully automated takeoff, cruise, and landing of a large aircraft similar to commercial airliners?
How did the 737 become a 2-crew plane?
How is the terrain displayed on the ND in a A320?
Does a headwind affect the climb gradient?
What is the significance of the 10,600 lbs MTOW limit?
Is there a way to avoid the effects of turbulence?
Is there much turbulence in the Doldrums?
How miraculous was the miracle on the Hudson?
Why do we see many more 5th and 8th freedom cargo flights than passenger flights?
Is Electronic Flight Bag(EFB) any different from our day-to-day tablet?
What is "established" on an RNAV approach?
Is a hold in lieu of a procedure turn specifically one hold on an RNAV approach?
What materials are used for the gas bags in hydrogen airships?
Where can I find documentation that state sales tax was paid in the 1980s when an aircraft was purchased?
Where can I find the aerofoil geometry of a commercial aircraft so as to design it in CAD software?
What is the optimal way to climb fastest between two points on a Cessna 172N?
Who inspects commercial aircraft seats for defects (and when)?
Why hasn't there ever been a large 4-engine commercial airplane with 2 engines on the wings and 2 engines at the tail?
How is fuel stored and routed on a trijet with one engine at the tail?
Is there a system of automated sharing of current (experienced) weather between aircraft in flight?
Does the Zenith have anything to do with the read-out of an IRU accelerometer?
What does it mean when pitch numbers move all over the HUD screen?
What is the process to contest a local FAA (FSDO) policy which appears to contradict their guidance?
Pre-50's, how was electricity generated without using an Integrated Drive Generator?
A330 flown by low cost airline - is 8 cabin crew really all they have?
Could a GE90-115 engine generate enough suction to ingest a typical passenger vehicle?
You are a commercial airline pilot flying between two large US airports. Who do you talk to along the way on the radio and for what purpose?
Why does the B777 have no winglets? Are there any drawbacks to having winglets?
With helicopters, is normal landing or auto-rotation landing any different when landing on water?
Are the same units used for stations and waterlines?
How do airlines plan their payload for multiple flights in a day?
Can I log flight time in unregistered helicopters?
How is ATFM handled in the USA?
Can air travel cause packaging air pads to burst or deflate?
How do I calculate fuel reserves for IFR and VFR flight plan?
What would be the designation for 4 parallel runways?
Why does flight duration differ for the same flight?
Why don't airplane turbo piston engines have boost control?
Can the airplane cabin pressure control be eliminated?
How does a dispatcher assign relative costs to trajectories in TOS?
How is medical evacuation aircraft D-AIGZ "Robert Koch" protected against decompression?
Does ATC direct flights to fly eastbound at odd levels and westbound at even ones?
How are wingtips attached to the aerofoil while maintaining structural rigidity?
What Kind of airfoil configuration is preferred for an hyper sonic plane?
How can I calculate the drag coefficient for a given wing design?
Can a pilot over the age of 65 exercise the privileges of a commercial pilot license under FAA Part 91 in the Bahamas?
Why are contra-rotating jet engines so rare?
Do gyroscopic forces (from rotating engines) significantly affect yaw or pitch?
What would it take to pressurize a cabin with surface pressure?
How is/was RFID bag handling introduced in a baggage handling system tailored to barcodes?
Is the NTSB hostile to pilots, as depicted in the movie 'Sully'?
During an engine restart procedure, what are the purposes of a.) throttle back to idle and b.) primer "in and locked"?
How do modern avionics work without vacuum pumps or gyroscopes?
can an aircraft land on an aircraft
What are these holes in my Cessna 172, just in front of the elevator?
Tips for the private pilot check ride
Is there any order of loading containers into aircraft instead of weight balance?
How can an altimetry system error during cruise (500 ft at 35000 ft high) cause an insufficient fuel situation?
How does ATC control / separate Airbus Industrie test flights?
Why is a wing tip's front edge tapered?
What are the rules for Public-Use Operations?
What is some of this extra "stuff" on jet engines?
Can an electric aircraft self-recharge?
Why are airliners not inherently "speed stable"?
Can air-superiority radar function as weather radar?
Is it OK to make an approach without any straight-in segment at all?
Can I be a pilot now considering the new advancements in color vision lenses and glasses?
What is a plausible scenario for aircraft sabotage for a science fiction novel?
What are CAS and EAS used for?
Why does my Surface Analysis chart indicates radar returns / rain when none exist?
Does "cleared into the Bravo at 3500" mean I must wait until I hit 3500 before entering it?
How can I find out if a close encounter in flight would be classed as an airprox?
Are the Gulfstream III's ailerons controlled by hydraulically boosted cables?
How strictly are language rules adhered to between Pilot and ATC?
Is there a roadmap to satellite / inertial only based navigation?
What was the range of a low-frequency radio range station?
Are test pilots who work for the FAA paid on the GSE pay tables?
Does a runway have to be closed for not having markings due to resealing work?
Does True Course, Magnetic Heading, or Magnetic Course determine cruise altitude?
Is thermal expansion/contraction a major design problem for large subsonic airplanes?
Does Jeppesen display runway declared distances on their charts?
Does a flight cycle require a minimum duration?
What are the extra wheels for on the Harrier series?
Airship design principles
Can one become a CFI with a sport license?
Why does a dual-axis autopilot not allow operation in single-axis?
Is there anything extra required to spin a Cessna 172 in the Utility category?
What is the meaning of "altimeter three-zero-one-one"?
How to identify an aircraft from its NC- N-number?
Can anybody confirm which aircraft is in this picture?
How can OAT and SAT differ?
In what way(s) will making an airplane electric help to make it "quiet"?
How does contrail formation differ from turbofan to turbojet?
How much is air mass flow rate of bleed air used for environmental control system in civil aircraft?
What do the radiation patterns of ADS-B transmissions on large airliners tend to look like?
DME replacement
Why select the transponder to TA only in the case of engine failure?
How do contrails compare between piston-powered aircraft and jet aircraft?
Why are the in-flight refueling probes of French-built fighter aircraft non-retractable?
Can planned runway closures prevent a plane from leaving an airport?
What are these diagonal devices above the leading edge of the V-22 Osprey's wing?
What is the purpose of wide area multilateration (WAM)?
Is there a procedure to safely handle a PED battery problem on a commercial flight?
How to maximize your practical lift/weight ratio in a multirotor?
Clear Air Turbulence Avoidance
Can airline ignore or get exception from V1 and other safety rules?
Where can aircraft carriers carry out air operations?
Is there a "maximum" airplane count in the visible sky at a given location?
How fast does cabin air pressure leak after a total engine failure?
Why is kerosene used in Aviation industry for turbogas and turboprop?
How does the environment influence the aircraft engine demanded thrust?
How are the BNR and BCD data formats identified in an ARINC-429 message?
How can you identify an Airbus or Boeing from the inside?
Do pilots lose their licenses following a gross misdemeanor conviction?
What is the occasional crackling sound on an A330?
What's required for a plane certified to fly to Antarctica?
How can a pilot fly a distance of 594 NM connecting two VOR's?
How do I have a gravel kit certified as an STC?
How does one determine if an airplane meets airworthiness directives?
Can an instrument procedure be intercepted from the middle and how?
What are the symptoms of vortex ring state?
How could a wood and fabric aircraft be controlled after a fabric tear mid-flight?
How should I establish initial contact with ATC after being handed off by another controller?
What is the aerodynamic centre and how does it relate to the pitching moment?
What is "settling with power" and how does it differ from vortex ring state?
How does one test a stall warning during pre-flight?
What happens to aircraft wreckage?
How do we use the runway condition assessment matrix?
Are the first solo flights by a student pilot more dangerous?
Where can I find full wing polar data to validate an aerodynamic code?
What is the effect of aft centre of pressure movement on static longitudonal stability?
Where exactly can I find the FAA's UAS pilot training course (ALC-451)?
What weapons do A-10 Warthogs typically carry?
Who invented the cabin chime? What aircraft was the first to use it?
What constitutes a flight review for the purposes of eligibility for a remote pilot certificate under 14 CFR 107.61(d)(2)?
What type of display is used for cockpit displays?
Why was the Yak-9U covered with Bakelite?
What are these spinning discs next to the throttle of the Boeing P-8 Poseidon?
Does the size of control surfaces affect maneuverability, and if they are smaller, is it easier to stall?
In what circumstances do passengers or flight attendants have to take their shoes off?
How can you identify an Airbus and or Boeing from the inside based on features of the interior?
How does the F-35's roll posts work, and how does its engine turn down 90 degrees?
What is this aircraft?
What type of computers are in a flight system?
Travelling at faster than mach 1, how sharp could Concorde turn to avoid injury to passengers?
What is this pattern on this runway?
In what ways does the current FAA written exam differ from the Sporty's practice test?
Why does weather radar not report some precipitation?
How does a tiltrotor yaw while in vertical flight?
How does the pilot control the Dassault Rafale?
When taking passengers, what should I do to prepare them?
Are there any 'smart' ejection seats?
Why is there a maximum altitude to restart a jet engine?
Is it possible to fly a tandem-rotor helicopter after a single rotor failure?
What aircraft would have these tail numbers?
Purpose of CHT drop in piston engine shutdown procedures?
What is the theoretical maximum velocity of electric aircraft?
How is a "fast jet" classified?
Why is the end of the F-35's jet nozzle 'spiky'?
Why does the elliptical wing have the lowest drag?
Why isn't dumped fuel burned?
What are the differences between the CH-46 and the CH-47?
How are you supposed to get the East/West variation on this question in the FAA PPL written exam?
Are emergency actions an appropriate part of a captain's briefing in a light aircraft?
Which is the cable used in AFDX?
Can an aircraft (civilian or military) land with its brakes already engaged?
What are the differences between the MiG 31 and MiG 25 (if any)?
What is the Optimum center of mass location for an air-craft?
Why do aircraft (namely military) need/use formation lights?
Do different types of missiles indicate different lock tones to the pilot?
How is close formation flying possible with things like thermals and turbulence?
What are the differences between ACARS and CPDLC?
Which is the difference between IMA (B777) and Open IMA (A380)?
What is this aircraft, and what country makes it?
Inviscid aerodynamics: why is circulation zero at the wingtip?
What is in 'stealth paint' to reflect radar, and how does it work?
What is missing from a non-afterburning engine to prohibit the use of afterburning?
Do all aircraft need to have horizontal and vertical stabilizers?
What is a Cruise Captain?
What is this clock-like device?
How to control yaw in stick aircraft?
Why does the Ka-50 (Hokum) have two main rotors, one on top of another?
What is this aircraft, and when was it used operationally?
What are the benefits of a 'cranked arrow' delta wing?
How are aircraft transported to, and then placed, in an aircraft boneyard?
Why do some helicopters, e.g CH-53, have some kind of hook thing protruding from the underside of the tail section, what is this for?
Does EASA have access to medical records outside of the EU?
Why is the bypass ratio of a turboprop higher than turbofan?
What is the lump under the English Electric Lightning's fuselage?
How are further structural failures prevented if an aft pressure bulkhead fails?
What is the descent rate in emergency situations?
How are CPDLC VHF messages transmitted between ATC and aircraft?
Why are airplanes parked at the gate with max rudder deflection?
What is the power source of the clock in glass cockpits?
When should a PPL student start learning navigation?
Why aren't the undersides of military aircraft painted bluey-grey to camouflage them against the sky?
What is this intake at the back of a 737?
Why does the radar dome on the E-3 have a white stripe down the middle?
Can a 737 yaw while parked due to wind?
Is there a relation between the Mode 3/A Code and the ICAO aircraft address?
Does any company (or country) still use Zeppelins or airships? Why not?
Do helicopters carry radar equipment? Is so, where is it placed and what type is used?
What is the ICAO 24-bit code used for?
How did night fighter aircraft manage to shoot down their foes in World War II?
What is the tailhook on naval aircraft made out of?
What is ILS 114 / 162 / 294?
How does NOAA's P3 Orion safely navigate hurricanes?
Can stainless steel replace titanium for Mach 3+ speeds?
Why is an aircraft carrier's arresting cable made from steel?
Is it possible to create a direct supersonic airflow to a turbofan's afterburner in order to enhance the performance or reduce the fuel consumption?
Why do some airplanes allow separate right and left rudder pedal adjustment?
How do pilots clear an aircraft to fly through a hurricane?
How to justify that M_AC=0 for a symmetric airfoil?
Is there anything wrong with this more symmetric aircraft design, and why isn't it used?
If indicated air speed does not change can the amount of lift change?
What aircraft did this canopy come from?
How are military aircraft numbered?
Avoiding leaded gasoline in aviation
Should spoilers and reverse thrust be deployed before nose gear touches down?
Why is there a white line on Russian fighter jets' instrument panel?
Why are three-bladed helicopters relatively rare?
Could clouds on aircraft wings produce lightning?
Where does the fuel that the mid-air refueling probe collects go to?
What are the lowest authorized minimums for each ILS category?
Why do these tail-sitters not have bigger propellers in their main engine?
What are outer marker horizontal dimensions at 3 degrees ILS path?
How does an aircraft distribute fuel equally between powering the turbines on the engine and injecting it into the afterburner?
What makes the "howling" sound from airliners?
how does a jet engine work? (explanation for non-aviation related people)
Why should the centre of mass be ahead of the centre of pressure?
What is the difference between Assumed Temperature and Derate takeoff thrust?
What does it mean to maintain a positive g loading?
What does %MAC mean?
Is it possible to design a helicopter with fixed rotor blades only (no blade angle/flap/pitch)?
Do we fly full size aircraft with video game style joysticks?
What factors determine the power curve of a jet engine?
Why are light aircraft engines so noisy?
When does a pilot and when does a co pilot start/land?
What is the difference between EPR and rotor speed as thrust setting parameter?
Could some one explain me with the mathematical relations on how the double bubble fuselage cross section (example A380) is designed.
How is lateral CG managed in aircraft with uneven seating?
What kind of failover system do Airbuses with side sticks have?
How much do aileron on a commercial airliner move for manoeuvring and trim?
What are the physical laws for upscaling an RC model to 1:1?
Quadcopter propeller performance
How are Airbus pilots trained for using the mechanical backup control systems?
What is the difference between SUA and SAA?
Who must approve a globally distributed satellite to ground laser communication system?
What is the weight that is used to balance an aircraft called?
Can a Boeing 747 or A380 produce a positive rate of climb with one engine only?
What is the relationship between the UH60 Blackhawk stabilator function lateral sideslip and pitch coupling?
Is it possible to extend an AFSP training request?
Is it possible to take checkride past AFSP training request expiration?
Which aircraft require that the vertical position of the centre of gravity is checked?
Are the flaps of a Cessna 414A fully extended at 15 degrees or at 45 degrees?
Is there research being done on light aircraft safety that involves a comprehensive flight protection system that adresses all risks?
Is the induced drag independent of wing span?
Why 360 degrees is in the top instead of 90 degrees in aviation?
Is there a way to get the original data used to create performance charts?
Are solar / geomagnetic storms real risks for commercial aviation?
Can an air traffic controller refuse to give service to an aircraft based on moral grounds?
How can I calculate airfoil thickness?
Flight planning tools - Data foundation
How do I find the three factors of the hinge moment coefficient?
Are an aircraft's nuts and bolts generally either all Imperial or all Metric, or can they be mixed?
How do investigators always know the logged flight time of the pilots?
What is the dimensionally smallest 2-seat helicopter?
Can large airliners such as a 747 maneuver without electricity?
Is it legal to build and fly an international aid drone?
How is risk managed in single engined piston aircraft flights?
Is there a term for the general design used in most modern fighters?
What's this tiny airplane?
Do airliners like Boeing and Airbus use airfoil variation along the span for their wings?
Which MEL categories would ground a commercial airliner if they're inoperative?
Behavior of air over a wing
What is the difference between a MEL, MMEL, KOEL and Equipment List?
Can TCAS be used to confirm "traffic in sight"?
Why is Schaumberg Airport (06C) in Chicago an uncontrolled field?
Can civilian aircraft fly through or land in restricted airspace in an emergency?
Why don't we have helicopter airlines?
What is the registration number of the 10,000th Airbus?
Why doesn't a single engine airplane rotate along the longitudinal axis?
Where can I find/download infos about Special Use Airpsace (SUA) around the world?
What is the wire running from the CG to the tail?
What is an Airline?
Is turning off engines before landing "Normal"?
What is the criteria for determining whether an airport will be towered or uncontrolled?
How much extra drag does landing gear incur?
What runway length and width is needed to land a G650 and take off?
Why did Cessna use a new design for the C162, instead of updating the C150 design?
How long to keep ASRS report?
Cabin crew : how do they get Oxygen in the event of decompression?
Why aren't there direct flights connecting Honolulu, Hawaii and London, UK?
Could winds of up to 150 km/h impact the structural loads on a Boeing 777?
What is the origin of the waypoint WORUM (neayby Houston)?
What is the origin of the waypoint CLAWW and PAHTI(New England region)?
What do aviation agencies do to make waypoints sequences more easy to remember to prevent navigation mistakes?
Can legislation help prevent CFIT or will it restrict freedoms too much?
Do crosswind takeoffs increase the chance of a compressor stall?
What is the hierarchy of aviation regulatory bodies?
Can Flight Simulators (FSX P3D) give you the expecience you need to fly a RW plane?
What aerodynamic implications would a fictional two-pronged fuselage have?
How is the ATC language structured?
What's the difference between Rotation speed vs takeoff speed?
How to calculate optimal prop diameter, pitch, torque and power coefficient given required thrust?
How do planes receive their flight plan?
Are aircraft transferable between companies with different Air Operator Certificates?
If we enter and exit through the emergency exit, then how come when the door is opened for the air bridge the slide does not inflate?
Would a slotted "wing" work?
How do blow holes compare to other means of tripping the boundary layer?
Is there a way to find what types of aircraft have landed at an airport?
Can we borrow Formula One's ground effect for airplanes?
Does a flight briefer require a license in the US?
What is the reason of having an Angle of Incidence on an airplane?
How do you calculate the true bearing from a station (QTE)?
Where can I find the ground service manuals for the Bombardier BD-700 Global 5000?
Why did WWII prop aircraft have colored prop tips?
How does engine noise change during descent / approach?
Why are the tails always painted, but not the fuselage, in test and delivery flights?
What is the average speed used by modern jet fighters when in dogfight?
How did ICAO SARPS come to include the 250 knots speed limit for aircraft below 10,000 feet?
What is the pressure distribution around a supersonic wing?
Why is subsonic lift at 25% of chord?
Why isn't tungsten used in supersonic aircraft?
Why aren't Rogallo wings or parafoils used in aircraft with fuselages?
For a teardrop shape, which orientation has the least drag?
Flying to Paro, Bhutan requires a special crew, what are the regulations?
Why do jet engines smoke?
Was the Boeing 747 designed to be supersonic?
Where to find information on the Daimler-Benz 606/610?
Do the FAA's InFO publications carry any regulatory or legal weight?
How can the lift force be changed without changing velocity?
How does a jet's throttle actually work?
Are there any regulations on fueling aircraft inside hangars?
Is this the first single-engine helicopter clean-sheet design since 1976?
How does the adiabatic cooling of wingtip vortices work?
Feasibility of using secondary props to generate power on an electric model aircraft
Why is the nose landing gear of a Rutan Vari Eze up during parking?
How does an organization decide to evacuate planes (e.g. in a hurricane)?
Why can a Pilatus PC-24 land on unpaved and short runways like no other business jet?
How does the Aerobridge dock with an aircraft?
Why are the strings on paramotors so long?
How long can an F-16 stay supersonic?
What are these two tail elements of the Avro RJ100?
What is the difference between SUA (Special Use Airspace) and FUA (Flexible Use Airspace)?
What are the difficulties of landing on an upslope runway?
Aerodrome actual weather - METAR decode - 3 letters for this sky?
Are there pilot weight limits for the Rutan Vari Eze?
why are airplane propellers always undersized?
Curvature of Earth - Airplane
Is public data available for routes that enter/exit a certain airspace?
Should the pitching moment be up or down?
Why Boeing 737 main landing gear wells have no doors?
What is a Cessna 172's maximum altitude?
Why keep the doors open for aircraft in boneyards?
Can composite materials be used on super-sonic aircraft?
What would be a suitable aircraft for a short haul freight forwarding business?
What happens in a turbine high-temp combustion?
What are the continued education requirements for commercial / airline pilots?
Could robots take over pilots' jobs and fly planes - if they can, then how?
Is there a real temperature change along a streamline when its velocity changes?
How does EMAS reduce damage in case of an aircraft overrun?
Which are the alternatives to EICAS or ECAM?
Why were there passengers allowed on Concorde's route proving flights?
Are aviation accident investigation reports always made public?
Which is the technically correct term: Nose Gear or Nose Landing Gear?
Why does IRS alignment take so much time?
What's that "frame" in the windshield of some piper aircraft for?
Does avionics type matter when training for PPL?
In order to become a pilot, should an individual have an above average mathematical ability?
Does air travel in the same time over the top of the airfoil and along the bottom?
Does lateral stability decrease during transonic flight? If so, why?
Why do (some) aircraft shake at low speeds with flaps, slats extended?
How does the shift in aerodynamic center affect the performance of swing wing aircraft?
How is the required motor power calculated for a quadcopter?
What kind of dihedral would be most stable?
Nemesis Champion Racer
Has there ever been a sideways H-tail on an airplane?
How long should a boarding pass be preserved, after the trip? Is there any FAA mandate on the same to make any claims later?
What is the purpose of the box between the engines of an A-10?
How has weight been reduced in commercial aircraft design and how will this trend continue?
What exactly is this thing at LAX?
How can the runway allocation process be optimised?
What is the benefit of a curved up flight deck?
How does the efficiency of a piston aircraft change with altitude?
Are there any electric ultralight aircraft?
How can one fly a stabilized approach when the final approach path is curved?
What are the maximum altitude and speed of a GT500 ultralight?
What is the maximum speed of the Cessna Citation X?
Do pilots on approach receive automated warnings of sudden windshear or seismic motion?
What happens when the surface ends at the laminar zone of the boundary layer?
How is the due date for landing gear replacement determined?
How was flutter mitigated in jets such as the F-15 and F-16?
How does a vertically higher center of gravity affect handling?
Where to download NATs (North Atlantic Tracks) information?
What are the disadvantages of a delta wing biplane design?
What is the purpose of the plush-like seat covers in an airliner cockpit?
Is airframe heating a concern at subsonic speeds?
Why does the FAA SPL require different endorsements depending on cruise speed?
When/where must a flight go missed on the JFK VOR/GPS 13 L/R approach?
During inverted banking, what happens to heading?
What aspect ratio is best for Wind Tunnel Testing an aerofoil with Small Additives?
What is the regulatory definition of AOG?
What is the icing probability required for an AIRMET?
What is this part between the Su-35's jet exhaust nozzles?
Where to download NAT Track Message (original and official source)?
Is the Fortran language still being used in aviation?
What are these aircraft at the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake?
How can the required wing area for climb be calculated, given aspect ratio?
Why are there vortex generators under the Boeing 737's cockpit windows?
How do you reconcile an airline flight number with an ADS-B record, is this possible?
When does the overspeed alarm goes off in a plane?
What distance can you see aircraft lights from?
Can someone identify this biplane?
Why does this chart seem to show airports with magnetic variation up to 90 degrees?
Under what authority can the AIM overrule the FARs?
What is this airport outside of Cairo, Egypt?
How in-flight close-ups are captured
Can a commercial airline continue its flight if its landing gear fails to retract after take-off?
When there is a holding pattern assigned by a civilian airports ATC, do military aircraft get first priority over landing?
How do you search for all incidents of a Canadian airline online?
What is the purpose of this aileron trailing edge strip?
What was this helicopter doing?
What is this piece on the Bell 206?
Why is Cessna 172 POH performance chart based on Pressure Altitude and Temperature instead of Density Altitude?
How does headwind influence the results of a pitot tube and therefore the airspeed indicator?
Are low wings less safe for aerobatics training?
Where do airports use 3-bar VASI for the visual glideslope?
Why would METARs and ATIS both report exactly the same wind direction?
Why do some airlines have different flight numbers for IATA and ICAO?
Does the "bat wing" aircraft paint design have a proper name?
What is the "tennis ball between cylinders" trick used by flight instructors?
Is induced drag not caused by tip vortices?
How does turning a small plane by opening the doors work?
What is the reason for the sudden increase of French published accident and incident investigation reports in 1997?
Can a pulse jet be used on a light GA aircraft?
Where can I find FAA procedure amendments?
What is the difference between Boeing 777 aircraft engines and Apollo rocket engines?
What is the temperature of the brakes after a typical landing?
Was the 737-300's wing an early supercritical wing?
Would an accurate weight of a loaded aircraft be helpful?
Elliptical cross section fuselage
Why would both wingtip lights be red?
How do pilots identify the taxi path to the runway?
What is the name and purpose of this part on the flap at the DA40?
What is the difference between directs and shortcuts in the Route Availability Document?
Is an ultralight aircraft allowed to fly near Class B airspace?
Non-fueled, bladeless, minimally-noisy aviation engine --- Science fiction or real theoretical science?
Why are taildraggers considered more rugged than tricycle?
On which point(s) in a jet engine does the reaction force act?
How can this single-prop drone maintain stable (rotating) attitude and position?
Does an AQP line check conducted by a part 121 carrier count as a flight review and instrument proficiency check for part 91 operations?
What would happen if a plane lost half of its weight instantly?
What is this c. 1948 private plane with a sliding canopy?
How can I get historic flight data by N-number?
How is a wing joined to the fuselage?
How is the correct air speed for fuel combustion obtained at the inlet of the combustor?
Is there any use for variable shape wings within aviation?
Is it possible to hand start modern planes?
VORTAC symbol over KMOT airport - is the small dot the center?
Can a pendulum stabilizer for airplanes really work?
Is the IOSA useful even if not all airliners are IATA members?
What would they call the US President's personal plane?
Can I maintain my IR currency from the right seat in a non "N" registered aircraft?
Why does each part of span not produce equivalent downwash?
What does the actual path of air within a turbojet engine look like?
Why would a PAPI and ILS glide slope for the same runway not coincide?
How do pilots manage the speed during the approach?
Is the Brodie landing system still in use somewhere?
How do different training paths to multi-engine rating compare?
Are the replacement satellites for Iridium going to provide surveillance coverage?
What is the minimum altitude for dumping fuel?
Can the ECS work in an unpressurized cabin?
What does a white over red VASI indicate?
Is it more efficient to have many or a few rotors?
Who has right of way on the ground?
What airplane does this vintage instrument panel come from?
Has an unauthorized civilian ever tried to land on an aircraft carrier?
Why would this A-10 Thunderbolt be flown over rural New Hampshire?
Isn't it dangerous to sell alcohol inside of airports?
How do aviation engineers ensure that the landing gear opens every time, without fail?
How do diffusers turn velocity into pressure?
Why is a straight-in approach not allowed to RWY 07 at Cluj (LRCL)?
Is the F-117 fleet at Tonopah Test Range being mothballed?
Has an aircraft carrier ever assisted a civilian passenger flight?
Do pilots ever increase the cabin altitude intentionally?
Why do solar planes have many small propellers instead of fewer large ones?
Why does the CF-100 autopilot have a toggle switch labeled 'ATTACK'?
Why does the MiG-15 have a cruciform tail?
What is the relationship between angle of attack and wake turbulence?
What happens if the gust alleviation system on an A380 fails?
To what extent are (non-urgent) PIREPs used by meteorologists?
How to find past flight routes between 1977/82 Latin America and the former Soviet Union?
What is the difference between frequency wild AC system and other AC systems?
Controlling jet engine thrust on airliners
Are STOL kits that use leading edge slats available for 'typical' GA aircraft?
Where can I find examples of ADS-B surface (ground) position data?
Does the wifi uplink antenna affect aerodynamics or efficiency?
Do employers prefer to hire younger pilots?
What is the weather term for snow and dust mixture?
Can a wide body airliner land safely with a full fuel tank?
What does "square the base" mean?
Where can I find information about post-WW2 airports in Saudi Arabia?
Could a variable sweep aircraft also use negative angle?
Why is there a time range for holdover times charts?
In what scenarios would one want to maximize or minimise rate of climb in an aircraft?
Why the inward engines-placement on the An-124?
How can I use XFLR5 on a shape with no maximum thickness at one point?
Why did the Avro Vulcan use a delta wing?
Why is there a pressure drop in the combustion section of a jet engine?
Has there ever been a tail-dragger with retractable tail-gear?
What is the preferred way to slow down an airliner on a long runway?
What were the effects of the oil crises on the Concorde ticket prices?
How does the training for an EASA license from the US compare to that from Europe?
In an Inertial Measurement Unit, how are the body-axis velocities calculated?
Why is the flow ahead of a shock wave chaotic?
Where does Air Force One refuel?
What are those markings on runway 25L at Frankfurt Airport?
What is the maximum interception angle for ILS when on radar vectoring?
In which direction should a turn-back be made after an engine failure on a multi engined airplane after take off?
Is there a rule concerning the offloading of a missing passenger's baggage?
Are the IMU velocities equivalent to the GPS ground velocity, except for the coordinate reference system?
Who is responsible for getting approval of cabin layout?
What is this 'ball' in front of the cockpit of some fighters, e.g., an Su-57?
Why is the IRST not centered on the Eurofighter Typhoon?
What are the consequences of fouled spark plugs in flight, and how can I clean them?
Is this ferry flight route possible for a B737-800 WL?
Is there a reason for a jet liner to raise the nose wheel early during the take-off run?
How common are emergency landings for airliners? Is there really more than one per day at Heathrow?
What are the current principles for turbofan nacelle air path design?
Where can I find an example of a propulsion maintenance task card?
What is the distance from an airport from which an airliner climbs above 550 m?
Is a TCAS capable of handling three (or more) planes on "crash course"?
Why is the MiG-23 landing gear nontraditional?
How does the FAA define day and night?
Does angle of attack change in a sustained climb?
Why can't Norwegian's Boeing 787 operate from Vegas during hot weather?
What is the use of this remove before flight cover on the nose of a Bombardier Global 6000?
What is this device on the nose of a Bombardier Global 6000?
How can an airline flight crew handle an in-flight oxygen system fire?
What does a fuselage frame structure of a non-pressurized transport aircraft look like?
Could there ever be a fully solar powered airliner capable of transatlantic flights?
How does the Boeing 747 smoke evacuation work?
Where do most fighter jets and combat aircraft mostly get shot? ex: body, wings, engine area etc
Why doesn't the flight path angle increase beyond a certain angle even if the angle of attack is increased?
When do pilots actually use ‘wilco’?
Which portion of combustion energy is used to spin the compressor of a pure jet engine?
How does centre of pressure change with angle of attack?
How well can a helicopter handle someone jumping onto it while taking off?
In high-altitude piston aircraft, what type of forced induction (boost) is used?
Swing-up canopy not shut in high-speed flight, what would happen?
Are lockwires still preferred over self-locking nuts and other ways of bolted joints` safety?
Who is the pilot in command when the pilot in command is resting?
Does runway center lighting increase runway lifetime?
How bad are Westjet's Boeing 767-300s mechanical problems? Should Westjet be flying them?
What is the purpose and history of the FAA's tracking system for handbooks and manuals?
Rotation direction for adjacent propellers, how do different arrangements compare?
Which civilian airport has the most runways (current and planned)?
How to calculate airfoil geometry with the maximum lift to drag ratio for a given Reynolds number?
Why are most runways made of asphalt and not concrete?
Does runway centerline lighting provide information about distance left before end?
Should you immediately attain max glide speed after engine failure?
How to read representations of pressure around an airfoil?
Why is Russian super-maneuverable thrust vectoring more prevalent than American?
Do F-22's use cartridge start to start engines?
How does the Pratt & Whitney F119 achieve its features?
Is there a light civilian helicopter capable of a 250 NM trip without refueling?
What could cause a low-pressure compressor first stage blade of a turbofan engine to bend forward?
Could future airplanes use rockets to recover plane and/or prevent crash landings?
Where can I find data sets on jet fuel prices, including futures and options?
Is it possible to fly using a small engine?
Is it technically feasible to dampen the control stick in an Autogyro?
How does the relative wind on a propeller, strike the blade from behind (the non camber side)?
Why is water-contaminated fuel bad, but water-injection is not?
Why would a helicopter hold a 'nose-up' in hover?
How does the NATO code name system work, are they just random names, or is there some sort of rule(s)?
When does the airline check if an airplane can reach its destination?
How far should commercial jets be from each other when on the runway or while departing?
Is a biplane without dihedral more stable than a low wing monoplane without dihedral?
Could the filming of the 747 in "Awakenings" have taken place during the 747 flight testing?
Is there a good systematic approach to flying an 800 foot pattern?
Can I use actual IMC time for the requirements in 61.109(a)(3)?
How are pilots alerted to the publication of a NOTAM affecting their flight while in-flight?
What is this aircraft, when was it produced and used and what was its role?
How does corrugated skin influence the effectiveness of ailerons?
How can I combine flight training hours flown under various legislations in a single logbook?
Where to find comprehensive description of Special Use Airspaces (SUAs)?
Why isn't transition altitude standardized in Europe?
What is this aircraft with elaborate folding wings?
Are fixed wing aircraft with gimbal thrust feasible?
What is a localiser back-course approach and how does it work?
Where can I download AUP/UUP in AIXM format from FAA?
Does an aircraft like the Airbus A-320 have external sensors to detect damage to the aircraft?
Is there a minimum level of lighting required for a runway to have an instrument approach?
Where can I find glide ratios for commercial aircraft?
What is the difference between fuel exhaustion and starvation?
Do jet aircraft have an emergency propeller?
Why did LaMia flight 2933 plan a flight longer than its listed fuel range?
Why do people put $1 & OVC on aircraft bills of sale?
What happens when a propeller is placed in beta while feathered?
Does the main helicopter rotor blade shape affect noise?
How much do the fan blades of a GE90-115b stretch when the engine is spinning at maximum RPM?
What is that term to describe the wing motion range?
How can you navigate "Writing" onto FlightRadar Plans?
What is a flat rated engine?
Do pilots ever use the aircraft's ICAO 24-bit address when communicating with ATC?
How does wind speed affect helicopter rotor speed?
How is bleed air used to start a jet engine?
Why do the N1 and N2 fans have different shafts?
What happened to this airplane at Lombok Airport?
What would the "wings level" button most likely do if activated in the event of a flat spin?
What knowledge is needed to build a small aircraft?
Do airliners have horns for use on the ground?
Has there ever been a seaplane with retractable pontoons?
How does one determine the freestream and ultimate slipstream velocities to estimate thrust?
Boeing 737 engine shape
Which aircraft type flies the most annual passenger-miles?
What aircraft are these, and why are these engine sizes so different?
What do I do with fuel, distance, and time to descend and climb, on nav log?
What is the ICAO equivalent of /G in a flight plan?
How do blade cuffs help cool the engine?
What is the benefit of upgrading Flight Management System to version UNS-1Ew?
Which frame of reference is used to calculate ground velocity?
Can pilots hear a car horn while on the ground?
Would the Gee Bee be allowed to fly today, with so little forward visibility?
How would an airfoil react if it was flown backwards?
What's the difference between feathering, and flapping in a helicopter?
What is the cost per hour of a Gulfstream V?
What are the takeoff and landing speeds of a Learjet 45?
What is the difference between a functional check and an operational check?
What causes these losses in this propeller simulation?
What is the correct phraseology for declaring a fuel emergency?
Could a turbofan have two adjacent fans?
What is the name for the Mitsubishi A6M Zero's one-piece wing/fuselage?
How does a long inlet affect a jet engine's performance?
What is this strange biplane jet aircraft with tanks between wings?
How to calculate the wind variation?
Why is my Garmin GFC 700 wandering a lot laterally on an ILS approach?
Who can carry out airworthiness inspections?
Do propeller coefficients go to zero at the same value of advance ratio?
Has anyone attempted to recreate the Sack AS-6 (German Saucer-wing)?
Is Naproxen (medication) approved for flight?
What portion of an Instrument Proficiency Check must be in the airplane?
Is it possible to reuse water extracted from the PACKs Water extractors?
What does "Constant wind condition during flight" mean?
What are the ground and flight requirements for high performance endorsement?
What would non-potable water be used for on an airliner?
How are brakes cooled on heavy aircraft?
What is the difference between RFL and ECL in Air Traffic Control?
Why do some A380 main wheels have no brakes?
What's the difference between positive and negative pressure relief valves?
For routes over oceans, are slide rafts fitted with first-aid items, food, water, radio, etc?
What jobs are available for a person on the autistic spectrum with ADHD?
Do fuel tank locations on the wing cause a potential for weight imbalance?
Do all passenger aircraft have a nickel cadmium battery?
Why increase the number of cylinders in an engine instead of increasing their volume?
What's the meaning of underlined frequency in sectional chart nav aid box?
Are flame holders made of a special material other than that used in combustion chamber?
Why no safety measures for air passengers?
Could a UAV ever be hacked and piloted?
Do any modern airliners have a non-flat floor in the passenger cabin?
Why do airlines retire the flight number after a crash?
How much of an airline's costs are labor costs?
Why aren't ceramics used in turbines?
Why was the Boeing 377 "Stratocruiser" frequently landed nosewheel first on touchdown?
How much does a refueling stop for an Avro RJ85 cost in Bolivia/Colombia?
What are the best tips for circuit practice with strong crosswind?
Is it possible to achieve torque equilibrium in order to fly?
What is the difference between EGT and TIT?
What was the first supersonic wind tunnel?
Where are the circuit breakers on the 787?
What is a GDS (in the context of the airline industry)?
Which are the requirements for the water supply on board?
How are engine pylon designed?
Fuel jettison in Top Gun, is there any reason to do this other than show-boating?
How is the glide ratio affected when converting a wheeled plane to floats?
Do some aircraft windshields contain gold particles?
What is the difference between a Boeing Line number and a Block number?
An example of remotely controlled flight control surface?
Could a big plane glide significant distances, same a ordinary glider (1000 km or about)?
How to calculate the heading correction with a circular flight computer?
What does the callout "300... MINIMUMS" mean?
How can I avoid floating during short-field landings?
How does a Machmeter behave if the static port is blocked during a constant CAS climb?
What causes the phase to change in a VOR?
What is this fighter aircraft parked in the South African desert?
What helicopter is this in The Walking Dead?
How does the ADF null positions find where the NDB is?
What is the rotor speed of an EC135/H135 helicopter?
What are the recent developments in the satellite-based tracking of aircraft?
Does a 709 ride mean the end of my career?
Are there any known maintenance issues with older Mooney wooden wings?
What is this item on the nosewheel of the Sukhoi PAK-FA?
How to use wind currents for constant elevation in gliding?
Can a human get sucked into a jet engine?
What's is the difference among ECL, CFL, RFL, TFL messages in ATM?
Should all aircraft have landing gear debris deflectors, following the Concorde disaster?
Why does NASA's B-52 008 have a smoking engine in this photograph?
Which aircraft is depicted on 1941 U.S. Post Office airmail stamps?
How can I become a pilot in Tanzania?
Why does the Lockheed D-21B have three air data probes?
What is significant about the number 8069 ft?
What's the point of using T-38 to instill flight proficiency in Space Shuttle pilots?
What is the difference between the Bell 412 and the Bell CH-146 Griffon?
What is the relationship between temperature, dew point and the formation of clouds?
How often are heavy aircraft brake pads changed?
Is there any good database for aircraft technical specifications?
Why would aircraft engines be mounted with "toe out"?
What is the take off and landing performance of the MQ-9?
Can I work on aircraft without an A&P license?
What are interesting cases of ATC agreements between countries?
Do any flights go over the South Pole?
Do laser Christmas lights have the same dangers as laser pointers aimed at planes?
Do dispatchers ever update and re-send a flight plan to an aircraft in flight?
What is the format of the airport codes used in an ACARS OOOI message?
Are there any supersonic aircraft with strictly mechanical controls?
What happens to the control systems of a BAe 146 when the aircraft runs out of fuel?
Have you seen gyroscope horizon moving while flying long distances?
Are there any airports whose budgets are in the public domain?
All Electric Jets
Why does an Avro RJ85 have four engines?
Why is the CFM56 produced with two different thrust reverse options?
What software is used for aerodynamic wing shape optimization?
Is there possibility to Survive without brain damage at 30/35,000 feet?
Are aircraft engines classified as DAL A or DAL B?
What part of the F-18's wing profile allows for high AoA flight?
Why was the Sukhoi Su-47 Berkut never adopted for service?
Why not just drop an engine on fire?
What are the "lumps" in the A380 flight-deck?
Do modern aircraft still have mechanical sensors as backup to GPS?
Why do many GA aircraft not have a "Both" fuel selector?
Could a flight engineer fly a jet solo?
Why do jet planes with multiple engines have separate throttle levers for each engine?
Why is the pilot in this video retracting the spoilers so shortly after landing?
How do fuel trim and air bubbles prevention work in inverted flight?
How to check if (small) aircraft's radio is working properly?
How able were pilots of three-person cockpits at running the normal FE work?
What's the shortest amount of time a commercial airplane will be on the ground in between flights?
What would happen if an airplane flew through a tornado?
Should operations such as landings or approaches be logged when acting as pilot monitoring?
F-111 emergency landing with no wheel; what is done to reduce risks when loosing a wheel?
What exactly are "suitcase handles" in a cockpit?
Where can I get a picture of a specific aircraft by registration?
Is there a common maintenance issue requiring filling a hole in the tail on the A321?
Should an aircraft registration match the flag next to it?
Why is the horizontal stabilizer root interface designed this way?
Do pilots ever suffer PTSD after emergency landings?
Why do we complete wing bending tests?
Are there any known incidents of ejections by capsule? What are the survival chances?
How is the chord length defined if the wing (whale flipper) is tapering like a wing and has a twist throughout the span?
How do you determine the lift coefficient of a finite wing using the coefficient of an infinite one?
Why are ambient pressure and burner can pressure always the inputs on a hydromechanical fuel controlling system?
Why does the F-111 have a capsule ejection system rather than a conventional system?
Where can I find references that directly relate drag coefficient increases to passenger capacity reductions?
Iris Precursor - 4D Air Traffic Control System
Can commercial pilot get paid for introductory flights with their own customers?
Do (did) powered airplanes exist where pilots are not in a seated position?
What may cause a strong smell of paint thinner like odor and no power to master in a Piper Warrior?
777 small wing panel moving all the time during landing
How can we operate wing bending tests?
Why are civilians not allowed to fly demilitarized US fighter jets?
What is a "frozen ATPL"?
How do UAV designers improve visual quality without compromising computational efficiency in mini UAVs?
What daily commercial flight is the oldest / has been running the longest?
Why are 737 fuselages built in Kansas?
Under what conditions can a flight continue beyond the point of in-flight re-planning?
Why should AKE LD3s not be used in the A380?
Why does avgas 100LL smell different than automobile gasoline?
How should night time be determined and logged in a fast westbound plane?
Is ATC communication subject to FCC profanity regulations?
Where do websites like expertflyer.com get their information?
What is the minimum set of registers to fill for ADS-B?
What are the names and the function of these aircraft components?
What's the name of this component of the turbofan engines?
How do wide-bodied commercial aircraft achieve pressure equivalent to 6000 feet altitude?
What are the 2 protrusions next to the fore ground lights on the Tu-22M3?
Should I hold my breath in case of a decompression?
At what altitude does aerodynamic forces become negligible?
Why do I hear airplanes' engine sounds in the sky?
Do people get less airsick if cabin pressure is at 6000 ft.?
Why should passengers not delay donning emergency oxygen masks after they deploy from the overhead compartments?
What is a blimp called if it is designed not to be lighter than air?
Is it feasible to replace brakes on airplanes with electric motor/generator?
Does a multi-engine ATP with single-engine commercial privileges provide single-engine instrument privileges?
What is the aircraft loss-rate from Nimitz-class aircraft carriers?
Why do you need airplane mode on a device for a plane trip?
How likely could there be a loss of cabin pressure?
Have Eddy current brakes ever been used/tested on an aircraft?
What is a (rough) rule of thumb for calculating fuel consumption in a modern jet airliner like Boeing 737 - 300?
Do you say prefix K for airport codes in the US when talking with ATC?
Do Air Traffic Controllers have to remember stall speeds for different aircraft?
Can a pilot transition from a localizer approach to an ILS approach?
How is it possible to perform a rapid climb / tight loop without stalling?
What is the record for the highest achieved landing speed?
Was there a historical requirement to announce altitude, temperature, etc?
How much leverage do commerial pilots have on cruise speed?
Since when black box is called "black box"?
Is the 250kt limit below 10,000 feet MSL varied according to airfield height?
What is altitude above surface / ASFC?
Is there a rule of thumb to choose an aircraft for long-haul operations?
How does the FAA determine which format of location identifier to assign to an airport?
What call sign does Marine One use when the President is not on board?
Does the A-10 Thunderbolt fly without the GAU-8?
What options do the crew have when passengers go berzerk?
Why does an airliner fuselage have a constant section over its length rather than a tear drop shape?
How does Jeppesen create its US charts?
Is the Dassault "ministop" related to the Dunlop Maxaret ABS?
Is it normal to take off with limited flaps on a B737?
How did the US get the necessary knowledge to maintain their MiGs?
Can I descend during downwind or I can only descend when I am at base?
When buying an aircraft which has had multiple owners it is acceptable to get the logbooks from the previous owner only?
Why are fighter jets rated differently than passenger jets?
What do the number at end of model numbers mean?
Is there any way to stop a pilot from crashing an airliner?
How far can a Super Hornet fly at max supersonic speed in a clean configuration?
How can I calculate QNH from QFE?
How to land the aircraft when the flight deck is full of smoke?
What are the effects of the tilted lift vector in a banked plane?
Why is the top left corner cut off on the cg location envelope for small airplanes?
How much hydraulic fluid is in a jet airliner?
What is the crank on the ceiling of this aircraft?
How does this fuel pump work?
What can happen if a bird strikes the engine during landing?
What is the stick at the bottom of the tail on a ATR-72?
Can a helicopter carry a large airplane?
What is motive flow and why is it used in some aircraft hydraulic systems?
Are all EGPWS-equipped aircraft using the same underlying system?
Why does the Canadair Regional Jet still use CRT screens?
Is the Beechcraft Bonanza Jaguar edition different from any other A36?
Where can we fly a drone in Paris?
Is this Part 23 Final Rule document the final regulation and what are the main improvements?
How do head- and tailwinds affect airspeed?
Why are some LNAV/VNAV mins lower than the LPV mins for the same approach?
How can I design and build an aeroplane from scratch?
What are these two holes on the forward fuselage of a Boeing 747?
How do Rapid Exit Taxiways improve aircraft movements?
How can I find the CG of a model aircraft based on its dimensions?
Can a small UAV restart its engine in mid-flight?
Where does the altimeter measure from?
How do the cockpit controls of a tiltrotor aircraft work?
Is it allowed to log actual instrument under IFR in VMC when VFR would be prohibited?
Is Autopilot NAV setting useful?
Why does the NASA GL-10 Greased Lightning run on diesel?
Can you have TCAS RA if your other traffic only have TCAS TA?
Is there any reason to have ADS-B out that is not based on GPS?
Why do piston engines in aircraft burn fuel at a higher rate than a comparable car engine?
When do airline pilots arrive at airport?
Why does centre of pressure (drag?) move forward when transitioning from transonic to supersonic?
Why does the cockpit have windows, is it a structural design burden?
How to get data from Aeronautical Fixed Telecommunication Network?
Where does turbine vane and blade cooling air come from?
How do I modify the aircraft weight and balance after a battery replacement?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of placing an engine in the tail?
Under what circumstances do planes poop?
What is the longest possible flight on earth?
How do pilots adjust trim on the B777, where the control forces are simulated?
What is the function of variable inlet guide vanes in terms of pressure change?
What kind of liquid can be seen 'leaking' from the bottom of a Boeing 737-800 engine?
Drone swarm technology on missiles
Are the guns on a fighter jet fixed or can they be aimed?
Is King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh actually very big?
How do turbofans and piston-engines compare in terms of maintenance costs?
Where can I find Boeing 777 safety records?
Advances in rivet technology for Aircraft?
How are extreme winds aloft handled and how do they affect flight?
Can I get a Private Pilot's License if I have controllable ADD and just send a waiver to my doctor?
How could a PA-28 be made to fly higher?
What reasons exist for not designing airplanes with breakaway wings for crash safety?
When is the autopilot engaged and disengaged?
What was the Trim Problem on the Brabazon's First Flight?
Is the SEPECAT Jaguar's design aerodynamically inferior to more modern jets?
Why has the rest of the world gone after delta wings while not the USA?
What is the purpose of these winglets on the Chinese version of the An-2?
What aircraft fly faster than 250 knots indicated airspeed under 10,000 feet for safety reasons?
What if an airspeed prescribed by a published procedure isn't safe for a particular aircraft's operations?
What is the point of having lots of different flaps settings?
Taxiing with one engine: Is engine #1 always used or do they switch?
Why does the U-2 use a chase car when landing?
What pilot safety features and equipment are on an A380?
Why do airlines in the United States of America use total time as an eligibility requirement for employment?
What alternatives to pitot static systems are available or in development?
Does holding an MEI entitle you to instruct in ASEL/ASES as well?
What are these devices on or adjacent to an airport taxi-way?
Will the Boeing 737 be built with a geared turbofan engine?
How does Pitot Heat influence airspeed indication (assuming no ice or moisture)?
Where can I find articles about Handley Page multi element segmented airfoils?
How can a private pilot prepare for a long cross country flight in an unfamiliar area?
Can I do the EASA part 66 theory exams before starting practical training?
What kind of g-forces do birds experience and how does it compare to humans?
Can throttle control be considered as a primary flight control?
Which airplane is this lego model?
How can I use a Bluetooth headset in an ATR 72 cockpit?
Why not have Pitot Heat always on?
How to relay an emergency to ATC while on the ground?
How to convert a pressure height (ADS-B) to a geometric height?
How can I get the ADS-B GNSS Antenna Offset and Position Offset?
How do turbofan engines work efficiently at cruising altitude, when the air is thinner?
How much air, by mass, enters an average CFM56 turbofan engine cruising per minute?
What is the name of the figure consisting of a slow revolution around longitudinal axis?
What is the force to change the pitch of a variable pitch propeller?
Where can I find an example of a raw 1090ES message for testing?
Up to what thrust setting of a gas turbine engine can the airplane stay stationary on ground?
What is the temperature of the air leaving the combustion chamber of a CFM56-5C?
Is this plane landing or departing?
Is it true that airlines won't let pilots drink diet soda?
What are the roles of the co-pilot in commercial aviation?
Does oxygen become less available during night-time?
Why does the Grumman Bat feature inverted winglets?
How do I choose the correct NACA airfoil for my requirements?
Which languages are EASA exams and other documents available in?
Is there an API to retrieve airport departure and arrivals?
How can I know if North Atlantic Tracks have been amended?
Are there general accuracy requirements for aircraft power supplies?
Can the fluid from one hydraulic circuit go to another one (voluntarily or not) in flight?
Why do piston engines have a lower fuel consumption with higher temperatures?
Do you need to put your wings at the center of gravity when building an airplane?
Do all flights with the exception of military show up on FlightAware?
What separation and information does ATC provide in different airspace classes?
Is there a convention for type of switch used and where?
What temperature are Pitot Tubes heated to?
Is there a commonly recognized placeholder airline name?
Which standard is applicable to the electric power system in civilian US aircraft?
What are the differences between wings made for 2 engines and wings for 4 engines?
Can an avionics technician work on Part 91 aircraft after a failed drug test?
How to detect landing and takeoff using the value of GND field in ADS-B messages?
Is a degree from an overseas institution likely to be a barrier to employment with a major US airline?
What turn rates are expected by ATC when given expedited turn instructions?
Why do Vx and Vy coalesce at an airplane's absolute ceiling?
How dangerous is to take-off and fly with snow on the wings?
How does supercruise thrust compare with static thrust ASL?
Is it possible to fly a Straight and Level flight at high speed?
What makes snow on the wings during take off so dangerous?
Can lasers be used for weather detection along an aircraft's flight path?
F/A-18E and F/A-18F Rhinos: What's the difference?
Have contrails ever occurred at low altitudes, such as at takeoff?
How are "preferred routes" assigned if there is more demand than capacity on a route?
What is the range of TCAS?
Are controllers aware of TCAS RA taking place?
In case of failure in the Electronic Flight Instrument System, how would they be transferred between each other?
Why are fast passenger airplanes no longer produced?
Is there a source of information on the Aerodynamics of Non Rotating Round Disc Wings?
What are the visual differences between the ATR42 and the ATR72?
Is there a complete source for aircraft registration information?
What is the table top runway maximum slope?
Are ADS-B Airborne Squitters inherently inaccurate?
Could aircraft already do a safe auto-takeoff with todays equipment?
Why vacuum instead of pressure to power gyros?
Why are static ports external on a non pressurized aircraft?
Will ICAO 24 bit addresses suffer the same fate of IPv4?
Will 1090 Mhz band become too congested in the future?
How much of the landing runway is mine?
Lighter than Air Rocket
What is the best airfoil shape for maximum lift on flight path (angle of attack = 0)?
Do planes turn while climbing? Is this because of air characteristics variation?
How are NATs connected to European Airways?
Why is the Airbus Beluga XL based upon the A330, and not upon the A350 or A380?
How to calculate W/V from true HDG/TRK/GS using a CRP-5 flight computer?
When and how is CPDLC established?
Does runway 32/33R at Madrid actually have a kink in it?
Does the FAA or FSS check or authorise IFR flight plans?
Do you need 40 hours in a helicopter to get a PPL add-on if you already have an ASEL PPL?
How often, and how promptly, do airports have to renumber runways because of magnetic pole drift?
What is this aircraft from "Devil Girl From Mars" (1954)?
What does Airbus means by long product cycles?
Could a tilt quadcopter use turbofan engines?
Can a supersonic plane use a subsonic wing if the nosecone shock produces subsonic airflow around the wing?
Why is it assumed on sectionals that the area outside of a 700 AGL Class E (Echo) transition area is Class E starting at 1,200 AGL?
Why do some turbofan blade have forward swept tips?
What causes the phenomenon that pilots don't believe their instruments, while they're working well?
What brakes are used between line-up and takeoff?
Are there any privately owned V-22 Ospreys?
Is it legal to use handheld radios to listen to aviation frequencies in the USA?
Why do we have to manually tune VOR receivers?
Why do black boxes seem so outdated?
How are range violations during a launch countdown handled?
What is the process to disconnect ground electric power before pushback?
What is communicated between flight crew and cabin crew during flight?
How do SIGMETs arrive in a cockpit on a modern longhaul flight?
Is the weather radar on and active during the whole flight?
Is there anything in any airport called a "warm apron"?
What is the material that is used for turbine blades that has the highest melting point?
What is the need for twist along a wing?
Where can I find details of the holding models for JFK, Schiphol, Heathrow and Dubai?
What is an Enhanced surveillance system?
What will the pilot do if all the airspeed indicators fail?
Do special procedures exist to limit pilot workload during pilot incapacitation?
How do terms apron, ramp, tarmac, taxiway, parking area, gate, hardstand relate to each other?
Are noise cancelling headsets safe?
How were the graveyard spiral and other sensory illusions discovered?
What's Concorde's engine fan blade tip speed at full thrust?
On average, how many landings does a student pilot need before their first solo?
Is it possible or has anyone explored the possibility of capturing static electricity for supplying electrical loads on an aircraft?
What is the moderate dihedral angle for a low wing airplane?
How does a turboprop engine work?
How does an aft CG affect Vmcg?
Navigation theory for Private pilot
Why are the aerodynamic characteristics of a finite wing different from the properties of its airfoil section?
What is the definition of "Sideline" in reference to aircraft noise?
At which speed is a plane traveling at hypersonic?
Has a fixed-wing aircraft ever been built that featured multiple turbines powering a single propeller?
What is the decision- and workflow during a strategical rerouting?
Why don't contra-rotating propeller configurations with more than two propellers exist?
What happens if a commercial airplanes navigation system completely failed during a flight?
where are filed flight plans / routing stored? or: where does flightaware get route data?
At what point is a turbine powered ducted propeller considered a turbofan?
Why is wing anti-ice in transport aircraft not required below -40 degrees Celsius?
What is the correct phraseology for changing the runway of a landing clearance?
Why is the V1-speed callout automated in modern commercial aircraft while VR is not?
What is the most commonly occurring fault with this type of electrically driven gyro?
How much does a Boeing 737 wing bend/deflect in cruise conditions?
When may passengers board the aircraft and who makes the decision?
What priority if any is given to Emergency Services in flight clearance?
Why are the top speeds for jet engines higher than for propellers?
Where can I find detailed steps on how to perform all ACS maneuvers?
How does the University of Bristol's AI fixed-wing perched landing change the wings?
Is there any mechanism in engine mount to prevent it from shock load while landing?
Which incidents did not result in accidents because of the actions of the second pilot on board?
Does an Airbus A320 Navigation Display depict constraints for flightplans other than the primary?
How did the Thrust Reverser Deploy in Lauda Air Flight 004 crash?
Is A380's center of gravity really too far back?
Does operation under ETOPS rules require additional procedures in flight during the ETOPS segment?
When are ATC frequencies preset in the radios?
How are the in-flight meals cooked?
Why do cockpits with ACARS have printers?
What is the difference between a propeller and a rotor?
What exactly are these unusual flight code names that require ATC priority?
What is the fuel consumption of an aircraft in a holding pattern?
For pilots, are the procedures different between airframes with different engine options?
Can the phrases "carbon fibre reinforced polymer composites" (CFRP) and "carbon fibre-epoxy composites" be used interchangeably?
How are Rolls-Royce engines different to others?
Are answers posted to the FAA Sample Knowledge Exams?
From which ATC station is push-back clearance requested?
What is meant by "fuel flow: on " in checklists?
What is the function of the protruding outlet on the Trent XWB?
How do PPL, CPL, and ATPL compare?
How do pilots hold the runway centerline during takeoff?
What qualifications does a commercial aircraft pilot need?
Where is Ronda's airstrip, or why does Ronda have an airport code (RRA) if it has none?
What security regulations apply to US private airstrips?
At what altitude, on land, do our ears pop?
Can I log multi-engine time abroad, when I'm not rated for multi in that country?
How does a flight or squadron communicate when radio silence is in effect?
How close can I fly to a bridge?
Where can I find information on dethermalizer aerodynamics?
When may pilots leave the flight deck during flight?
What are some of the largest propellers post-WWII?
How can I calculate effective wingspan of a high aspect ratio model airplane?
Does the Airfoil Tools Cd/Alpha Curve include both induced and parasite drag?
What are the mass flow rate and exhaust velocity for a CF6 or GE90 turbofan?
It is possible for an airplane to get infested by animals?
What were the typical dimensions of a WW2 US bomber formation?
Who closes an airline's IFR flight plan and when?
What is the purpose of the black paint below the cockpit windows?
Can a Kline-Fogleman airfoil be used for engine turbines?
What materials are used to make up a combustion chamber?
Are well-known IR AAMs 'compatible' with aircraft from other countries?
How does the V-22 Osprey share engine power between its rotors?
Why do ATC instructions to change level include the words "climb" or "descend"?
How do Hoerner Wingtips work?
How to model aircraft fuel consumption during the approach?
Why does the door slide mode need to be changed after the jetway or stairs are detached?
What happens if I activate VFR flight plan later than filed ETD?
What is the value allowed for runway transverse slope?
What is the standard way for the ATC to ask a pilot to repeat him/herself?
How do multiple-disc brakes work?
Which aerodromes are in the scope of ICAO recommendations?
To what extent is remuneration under a PPL enforced in the UK?
Could flywheel type gyros stablize a plane?
Is a radio call required when vacating an altitude after being given a discretionary descent?
To what requirements / assumptions RSAs & EMAS designed?
Does the Airbus A350 have an Automatic Emergency Descent System?
What are the pros and cons of having a side-stick versus a centered control stick in a fighter aircraft?
Why do the outer parts of wings generate less lift?
Why don't aircraft use gimbaled engines instead of flaps?
Can flight control computers detect and help to avoid pilot-induced oscillations?
Why would a RAT be deployed at takeoff?
What factors are involved in determining the spanwise pitching moment distribution?
Are crosswind landings performed using autoland or under manual control?
Are ground crews at danger for radiation from WX radar?
Is it possible to fly horizontally with zero angle of attack?
Why is the static margin expressed as percentage of the MAC?
Does the yaw damper require manual activation on modern airliners?
I just want to fly, so where do I go
I live directly south in the line of a north-south landing strip of a low-traffic airport. What should I know?
What is the busiest airport?
How do uncoordinated turns (skid, slip) affect a helicopter's turn radius?
What is the function of this small hole on the B737's hydraulic reservoir line?
Is the Auxiliary Power Unit used after landing when ground power is available?
What is meant by a fused radar track?
Where is the best center of gravity?
What are those things at the wing tip of an aerobatic aircraft?
What are the "spur" devices on this U2 pilot's boots?
How many axes are used in weight and balance calculations?
Do GA aircraft pilots use predefined routes (via GPS or DME/VOR vectoring) or methods such as GPS-direct/ VOR-to-VOR in UC airspace?
How do you calculate total drag on a wing?
How does the fan in the jet engine suck in air while the engine is stationary?
Can a missile retarget to the heat from the firing aircraft's engines?
Why are some seemingly major waypoints nowhere to be found on sectionals (including enroutes)?
Why do some airports park the aircraft backwards at the gate?
What is the standard protocol for landing on the ocean?
Do GA IFR flights out of airports w/ SIDs typically use them? What about STARs?
Why do cruise missiles look different than subsonic jet aircraft?
If you file a flightplan with "NO SID", can you still get assigned a graphical ODP in your clearance?
Which US airport has the lowest circling MDH?
How to record flights and cockpit radio com using an Android phone?
Can someone identify if this is a Boeing or an Airbus?
How are landing aircraft handled during an emergency runway closure?
What classes of aircraft require hydraulic flight controls?
Why do the engines on a 737 have a flattened lower surface?
Why do you think Pakistani LACM and SLCM have different ranges?
Why is tape being applied to this jet engine?
What aircraft had the first pilot-assisted controls?
What permits are needed to operate a human-flying drone in the United States?
Can an experienced airplane spotter identify planes only by sound?
How many types of tape do airplane mechanics use?
What is this substance on these pipe fittings?
Why would an approach be Cat A NA?
Can crews hand-fly an RNP AR approach in IMC?
Does the pilot in command always sit on the left seat?
Is there an official FAA source for time zone of an airport?
Can I fly from the UK to Spain on an NPPL(A)?
What are the labels for this aircraft's JSON?
How wide is the cone of confusion above a VOR and NDB?
How did the 1973 oil embargo affect AvGas prices?
Is it safe to takeoff with some ice and snow on the wings?
Is GPS considered to be a navigational facility for the purposes of Ops Spec C055?
What is the purpose of having different ILS categories?
Why are only captains allowed to taxi the aircraft?
Why do we use dimensionless expressions in flight mechanics and aerodynamics?
What is the procedure if both pilots are incapacitated?
How are sector capacity constraints set in the current US ATC system?
What are the costs of 1 hour flight in modern low-cost airlines?
What are the legal issues for an Uber or Lyft type model for ride share on General Aviation aircraft in the United States?
When is the descent clearance requested from ATC?
Which parts of class E airspace can an ultralight (part 103) fly in without prior ATC authorization?
What are the correct names for the two faces of an airfoil?
What was the Space Shuttle's glide ratio?
Can autothrust keep the plane aligned with the runway during crabbing?
How much does it cost the airline if an aircraft misses its take-off slot?
How do I find out what happened on this flight?
Can I fly a quadcopter over 50m above a property I don't own according to the UK's Dronecode?
Which clearances are issued by ATC without the pilot requesting them?
Aircraft Turns - is there a 'pre-turn'?
What is Auto-thrust?
Is anti-icing a small area of the windscreen (hot-plates) adequate for the full flight or only an interim solution?
Why are airplane seats higher than chairs and couches at home?
What is flight inspection, as provided by Cobham Aviation Services?
What is the reasoning behind using depleted uranium as counterweights in the 747?
Is the takeoff power always maximum?
How do flight attendants know seat belts are fastened?
Why are "counterweights" used in aircraft production?
How is Calculated TakeOff Time (CTOT) calculated?
Why is the font size of runway numbers in Canada small?
What are the SOPs following an overweight landing?
Why does my Cherokee PA28-180 Lycoming motor run hot?
Why does fuel vaporization in a carburetor cause a temperature decrease rather than a rise?
How long does it take for an FAA licence to be delivered?
How long does downwash last?
What was the first aircraft fitted with both an FDR & CVR?
Do financiers request IDERA's for small aircraft?
Is altitude information included in filed flight plan?
Is there a definition of light/medium/heavy aircraft?
How is the airspeed-Mach number transition handled in modern airliners?
Why the pitch rate q is zero while angle of attack is changing and vice versa?
How to improve manual flight skill?
May aerobatics be performed over a controlled airport without getting a waiver?
What is the reason for changing the speed reference (IAS or Mach number) with altitude?
Why are some airfields not on any sectional chart nor listed in the directory?
What's the north boundary of the KINS Class D? (Or: does a SUA designation take precedence over controlled airspace?)
Is this angle of attack animation backwards?
Does object mass have a significant bearing on wind interference?
Do some modern VORs not spin?
Is an aircraft capable of flying at 900 km/h at 8000 metres above ground?
How can the wind speed and direction be calculated from on-board measurements?
How can a pilot anticipate cloud formation?
How can this aircraft be stable/manoeuvrable?
What is this aircraft with a big gun on its back?
Why are the leading edges on the Boeing 787 made from aluminum?
Why aren't AMA certified radio-control club sites shown on aeronautical charts?
Is it worth it? Spending loads of money and years?
Where to get spatial data for ATC airspace?
Where can I find speed and thrust data for airplanes during the approach?
N registration in Europe
Are there any airports which use a metro to transport cargo?
May someone please suggest EHA design procedures for AFS?
Does the Fairchild Metroliner have any unusual handling characteristics?
What are the differences between types I, II, and III emergency doors?
What is the use of this sharp edge found on the leading edge of a DA 40NG wing?
How much earlier/later is sunrise/sunset at 40,000 feet?
What is the fastest accelerating aircraft on takeoff?
When to disconnect the A/P on approach in an airliner?
Are carbon fiber/composite aircraft at greater risk from lightning?
What is this in the window?
How is a sideslip maintained (aerodynamically)?
What was the first production jet engine to use a semiconductor based control system?
Can you land IFR at sea?
What's the acceleration and absolute minimal RWY length for an A320 during take-off?
Why are ethanol piston engines apparently cheaper to maintain than avgas piston engines?
Why aren't contra-rotors used on the V-22 Osprey?
Do low-cost airlines make more profit than luxury airlines?
Why would the cabin crew spray the cabin before landing?
How could a Focke-Wulf 190 pilot see anything at all from his cockpit?
Do I need a waiver to operate a C208B with more than 9 passengers?
What callsign should an ultralight use?
Can the two female belts in Jurassic Park be anything else but a wrongly installed belt?
What is a good spin aircraft for someone that is heavy?
What is the best method for an emergency takeoff?
Do flight attendants have a regulatory responsibility to risk their own lives to save passengers?
Could an airplane dock with a set of wing extensions while airborne?
What is the maximum crosswind limit for a C150/2 aircraft?
Why are my friends flying over Norway, Sweden and Denmark from Manchester to Vancouver?
Is it possible for a non-towered airport to have keyhole extensions Class E starting at the surface?
Does the temperature of the body of an aircraft increase its efficiency?
Is flying bad for your health?
Why are lavatories located near the exits of an airplane?
How does the F-35 hover?
How do airports with no ATC operate?
Would an aviation engineering background be helpful for a Flight Data Monitoring Analyst?
Can an Indian operator get approval for ETOPS-120 without first getting approval for a lower ETOPS rating?
How does altimeter reading vary when departing from ISA conditions?
What is the exact responsibility of the Landing Signal Officer on an aircraft carrier?
How is a meatball calibrated and checked?
How to verify the runway numbers in a systematic way given the high workload during landing?
Who to contact when inbound to adjoining class deltas?
Would diesel (Jet A) cause less pollution than other fuels?
Are all US fighter/combat aircraft constantly armed, even just in training?
What type of aircraft uses this long flashing pattern?
If "flight time is compensation", how can a PPL holder legally fly at all?
What features are cursor controlled on the A380 Navigation Display?
Are aircraft with squirrel cage fans as wings viable?
Why does my flightplan generator come up with a very non-direct route between these two airports?
How does one determine runway orientation without a local wind rose?
Is the pilot required to keep visual lookout during IFR operations in VMC?
How was the high-bypass concept invented?
Why aren't compressor and turbine blades flat?
I'm so confused how airport numbering works
How does a taildragger take off? Does it rotate?
Can a taildragger land tail first?
Can you identify this airplane?
Is it unusual for an aircraft to flash its landing lights in sequence?
When is deicing required?
Why are there so few Lancasters still flying?
Can a mid wing airplane have no wing spar running through the fuselage?
Can a missile be fired when a fighter jet is inverted?
Is there an online source of active flight plans?
How can I create a map of all paths of flights incoming to an airport in a given day?
Do transoceanic airliners monitor marine VHF emergency frequencies?
Is "Tally-Ho" used in ATC radio communication, specifically in the UK?
What is the exact definition of a "crew duty day"?
Can anyone help me identify the plane in this photograph?
For a flying wing airfoil, which AOA is to consider when selecting Cl?
Why do model aircraft fly and maneuver so differently from real aircraft?
How to find runway direction classification, code number and code letter?
How does hovering in ground effect (IGE) reduce drag?
What is the minimum separation between two A380's while taxing in-line?
How do flight crew train/demonstrate ditching evacuation?
How to derive the Vortex line segment parallel to a plane using the Biot-Savart law?
Why are there so many moving parts used in the landing gear?
How can I calculate the effect of winglets on aircraft performance?
What is the purpose of a Victor Airway?
Are helicopters aerodynamically stable?
What's the reasoning for safety wire on aircraft, and the reasoning behind the way it's routed?
Is it correct that a jet fighter can be used as a non-lethal (sonic) weapon?
Why do aircraft models end their life as freighters?
May a commercial pilot transport an owner in the latter’s experimental aircraft for compensation?
For flight planning must the forecast weather be above minima one hour before, after or at ETA? (EU-OPS)
Can (part of) the fuel in your tanks be considered "property carried for compensation or hire"?
How can I consider a UAV thrust power for wind effects?
How are wind tunnels used with scale models?
What are point in space approaches (as they pertain to helicopters)?
Where can one access the electrical buses in an aircraft?
Are there any ILS approaches in Class E airspace?
What would happen if the wing of a supersonic plane goes into the shock wave from the nose?
How do the FAR's define a cloud?
Which procedures or devices do ensure the aircraft stop flying after the pilot has ejected?
How does a labyrinth seal work when the engine isn't rotating?
Can general aviation use UHF to contact ATC?
Which commuter flight was forced to land in a cornfield in '96 or '97?
Are helicopters reinforced asymmetrically?
Why isn't the Presidential 747 "Air Force One Heavy"?
How does the Piper Archer III electrical system work?
How does a commercial jet descend?
Which channels to listen to on liveatc concerning arriving flights?
Why do military jets seem to always take off using the afterburner?
Why do BWB designs typically put the engines in the rear?
What were the historical safety statistics of airplanes?
Why must the long cross-country flight for a commercial rating be solo?
How does downwash change relative wind?
Why UA954 was diverted to Houston IAH on 25th Feb?
Do modern jet engines monitor and record exposure to particles of dust or sand?
What happens to the pressure differential of airflow under and over the wing as the critical angle of attack is reached?
Why the use of twin tails?
How long will it take a new pilot to start flying more advanced planes like a Cirrus SR22T or Piper Malibu?
What are upwash, downwash and propwash?
Why does a clean configuration lead to the generation of greater wingtip vortices?
Can a contra-rotating helicopter simply tilt its entire rotor set instead of using a cyclic?
Where can I find the correct POH for my Cessna 152?
What is the difference between IMU (Inertial Measurement Unit) and AHRS (Attitude and Heading Reference System)?
How do the actuator loads (e.g. for the ailerons) vary between different flight phases?
How long does a non-ETOPS flight need to be able to fly in an one-engine-out situation?
Can a pilot use their GPS/FMS to fly a VOR or NDB approach?
What additional considerations do pilots have when deviating from the planned routing on flights dispatched under Method 2?
Do two airlines have IATA code N8?
Are flexible pavements not recommended in hot climates?
How can hang gliders and paraglider pilots prevent stall?
What is the risk of icing with water / moisture on wings prior to takeoff?
Why airliners fly so high even when winds are more suitable at a lower altitude?
How can pilots lacking instruments interpret vectors given by ATC?
What are the approximate glide angles for modern passenger jets?
Why do aircraft on a junk yard have blind windows (e.g. German "Landshut")?
What is the exact meaning of "attitude", does it include translational movement?
My driver's license was suspended for not having insurance. Should I even bother to apply for a medical?
What is the correct name of this aircraft subsystem in English?
How does an aircraft recharge its batteries?
Which models are these aircraft?
Is the modelname of a flight management system chosen in accordance with the aircraft it will be used on?
What is the cart and cable connected to this plane?
How can I continue my flying career in the USA?
What techniques, tools, or instruments are used while performing zero-g parabolic dives?
What is the story of this aircraft?
Could a modified J58 jet engine be used commercially?
What is the difference between DINS and the regular FAA NOTAM website?
Adding moisture creating fog?
For a small flying wing, can two motors with different speed replace aileron?
Would mechanical indicators have helped in the Air France 447 incident?
What is the maximum side slip angle that can be achieved by a F-16?
What is the meaning of T/O Thrust => TRQ / N1 in a flight log?
Why would a pilot pick this military airport as an emergency landing airport?
Why are there GPS MOCAs?
What is wing inductance?
Why is tethered hover testing performed on helicopters?
What are the general problems faced for maintenance in fuel inerting systems?
How important are my EASA exam scores for getting a future airline job?
What is the cause of Wingtip Stalling? Why do sweptback wings have a tendency of stalling at the tip?
What is the maximum altitude of barometric altimeters?
Would a gimbaled, always horizontal cockpit be beneficial to fighter jets?
61 vs 141: What's better for future US ATP?
How does the aspect ratio of a wing impact its lift?
Why does overspeed cause structural damage or failure when limit load factors are not exceeded?
Is tungsten a good metal for jet engines, besides the weight penalty?
Why did flight attendants need to be seated early landing at Palm Springs?
private jet based of an sr 71
Why Planes Don't Fly Faster?
What can I do to save my life if oxygen masks fail to drop down? Is it possible?
During a turn, will slip necessarily lead to altitude lost?
Why do the F-22 and F-35 look similar to each other and different from previous designs?
What are the differences between the SR 71 variants?
Is it normal for instantaneous GLOC to occur at 5 G's?
What is the possibility of a depressurization emergency during a commercial flight where all or some of the oxygen masks fail?
How much power do planes use when taking off at London City?
Why is stabilator used in some small airplanes?
How can wingtip vortices affect the direction of the relative wind in front of the leading edge?
What are the forces acting on the doors of the main landing gear?
Is it common for jets not to have backup manual control system for emergencies?
Does international mail go in passenger planes?
How is the camber calculated?
What is the formula for induced drag?
How should I decide whether to pursue an EASA ATPL or an FAA ATPL?
Why are almost half of the world's helicopters in North America?
Is there a solution to radio interference?
Why is IndiGo adding A320NEOs more aggressively than any other airline?
Are CTAF and UNICOM frequencies routinely recorded?
Is threshold crossing height and glide path angle the same for ALL airports and applied to ALL aircraft?
Our pilot lost the logbook
Could the V-22 Osprey be used as a close air support platform?
Can a helicopter be "stalled" by pulling too hard?
Are electronic copies of aircraft logbooks acceptable for reconstruction?
When do birds generate more lift? Take-Off or Landing?
Are there any English speaking flight schools to get a PPL in continental Europe?
What should I do with aileron reversal?
How does vertical separation work above FL400?
What happens after a clearance or an instruction has been sent by ATC using CPDLC?
Why does automatic trim exist only in the pitch axis?
How fast were propeller planes during landing on aircraft carriers during WW2?
Are tower simulators used in civil ATC training?
How far from the runway should a small plane start its descent from 5000ft?
Do I need to get a new AFSP approval if I change my instructor or aircraft?
How are winds aloft forecasts derived in the USA?
Why does Boeing 737 use 2 Inertial Reference Systems (IRS) and GPS?
How does the attitude and heading reference (AHRS) work on Boeing 737 aircraft?
What limits the size of the aircraft?
What would happen if I bank a helicopter then pull hard on the cyclic?
Why does V1 increase with weight?
Are there certain areas where a pilot can jettison his/her external fuel tanks?
Does lift-to-drag vary with anything beyond geometry?
How long can an ELT run before the battery is dead?
How does Kalman filtering work in inertial navigation systems?
How to leverage Lynx NGT-9000's integrated GPS/WAAS?
What is this helicopter (and probe) in the film "Act of Valor"?
Why is mixture lean recommended on the ground?
Can hypersonic aircraft be agile without the G forces harming the pilot?
What are maximum G forces humans can survive?
Why are some fuel-injected engines started with the mixture at idle cut-off?
At what altitude do vacuum powered gyros become ineffective?
Why didn't the A330neo and A320neo share the cockpit of the A350?
Why don't some spoilers plates fully open in most airliners?
How does jet engine water injection work?
How to reasonably determine minimum safe altitudes over city? (fixed wing)
How are aircraft shipped to their customers?
What exactly happened with the Flight Computers on XL Airways Germany Flight 888T?
Is a compressor blade slowing down the airflow or accelerating it?
Where does the difference between calculated and actual groundspeed come from?
Why are the minima for Cat A higher than for other categories at KSEA ILS 16L?
How do different RPM–MAP settings affect range?
What's the difference between racetrack and holding pattern?
What determines the "acceleration" and "thrust reduction" heights?
Would a tumbleweed sucked into a jet engine on takeoff cause a serious problem?
Is the old paint removed before applying a new one?
what are the CAA rules on eye surgery?
i just bought a plane and want to rent it out to a Flight instructor!
How far could the Wright brother's catapult have thrown their unpowered plane?
Can variable incidence wings replace ailerons?
Are there regulations for the field of view from cockpits?
What causes the average speed difference between the JFK to DEN flights and the JFK to LAX flights?
What is the big hole at the bottom of the vertical stabilizer on the Boeing 717?
Is a Control Law Degradation in Airbus Planes displayed on the ECAM?
How is collision avoidance regulated in controlled airspace in Canada?
Why do some Canadian Class E airspaces have no ATC frequency on VFR maps?
How can I keep my IR currency outside the USA?
What contra-rotating propellers would be appropriate for this engine?
Do some radial engine planes have a two-speed starter motor?
Is there a standard format to exchange airspace information in electronic form?
What was the first airplane fitted with a hydraulic system?
Which FAA regulations apply to the Stratolaunch?
How is MEF calculated for Canadian VNC?
How much do elevators deflect on takeoff?
How is the climb/descent performance affected by wind gradient?
What are the certification requirements for software used at airports?
Which type of chevrons is applied on the B787?
Why do emergency exits over the wings have "step up and through motion" rather than having floor level exits?
Do the crew members in the plane have access to cargo area?
How do pilots fly an MLS approach?
Minimum turning radius (or maximum banking angle) of a commercial airplane
What are these vertical slats under the wings of the Be-200?
When calculating takeoff performance why include airport elevation in pressure altitude?
Why are there age limits to becoming a pilot in the armed forces?
Why is the empennage of some aircraft not placed on the centerline?
How to balance a propeller aircraft for left turning tendencies?
Is this a famous aviator / airplane?
Why do we calculate the pitching moment coefficient about quarter chord point?
What is the legal altitude to fly through Yosemite Valley (US)?
What caused the loss of "everything" on Swiftair Flight QY-2939?
Could some kind of impact absorbing gels be introduced into the aircraft fuselage, to minimize impact damage on passengers & cargo?
Could the crew of XL Airways Germany Flight 888T not hear important chimes, due to the stall warning?
How are aeronautical procedures created in the US?
What is a "Major Airline"?
Why do buses at some airports differs from conventional ones?
Why has the range of movement of the control surfaces changed over the past year?
What is this aircraft with large pipes at the flight deck windows?
Which 'pusher' propeller aircraft have been used in active military service?
Are parked airliners always connected to a ground power unit?
When does a turbine need to go to maintenance?
What is the night effect?
Is "passenger loading bridge" a synonym to "contact stand"?
Why do aircraft use 400 Hz AC instead of the 50 or 60 Hz of wall outlets?
Can a 40 hp ultralight trike with a 15 m wing take off with simple (homebuilt) tube floats?
Is data on international air traffic volume in the US freely available?
How should a loss of communications in VFR be dealt with?
How does a normal aircraft exhaust nozzle (the base model) generates a lot noise?
Which countries (if any) allow beyond-line-of-sight drone use?
How to program an FMC if the database is missing the arrival airport?
What is the content of a Letter of Agreement between the Collaborative Decision Making participants?
What is the relation of stall speed to the position of the center of pressure with respect to the centre of gravity?
How often are passenger oxygen masks deployed?
What's the meaning of "straight and level"?
What procedures are followed for a planned landing in a field?
Why does this regional jet have its air brakes wide open before touchdown?
Will the new Part 23 changes reduce the cost of avionics for existing aircraft?
Why does wake turbulence sink?
Why is "NoPT" indicated on this KYKM approach?
What are the popular algorithms or softwares used in identifying or track flights by ATC?
I overboosted an engine in a Mooney 231 - do I need to do an inspection?
How do elevator servo and anti-servo (geared) tabs differ?
Have any commercial airline passengers ever been injured from hypoxia due to a depressurization event?
Have there ever been forward-swept horizontal stabilizers, and what would be its advantages?
Why is the ratio maximum range speed/maximum endurance speed the same for any airplane?
Were there any instances of aerial combat between helicopters?
How can I convert a Georgian CPL to an EASA frozen ATPL?
Why does TCAS not issue turning commands as Resolution Advisory?
Where can I find more information about that glass board in old aircraft carrier operations centers?
Why does the DC 4 airplane not tip backwards?
Does the AC-130 have de-ice or anti-ice protection for wings and surfaces?
How was I able to just plug in my headphones and listen to ATC and pilot chatter?
Why are these carrier aircraft landing with the canopy open?
Do modern flights and pilots have reservations about flying over the Bermuda Triangle?
After the most recent US instructions, are there any prohibitions against transporting spare lithium ion/metal batteries in the cabin?
What's the greatest height at which a bird has collided with an aircraft?
Someone's shooting at my plane out of the blue! What do I do?
What is DME Unlock?
Why aren't passengers sorted before embarking?
What is the difference between the words "airlines" and "airways" semantically?
How are airline pilots assigned routes? Are there easy and tough ones?
Where is the fuel vent on a Piper Archer TX?
What is done to prevent the tail hook from bouncing off the carrier deck?
How do I find how much it costs to park a B747 at an airbridge in Perth?
In an aircraft with tab-flown control surfaces, how can a jammed surface be detected during preflight examinations or flight control checks?
Why don't we have allocated cabin baggage space just like seats?
Is there anything better than LiveATC to get accustomed with RT phraseology?
How is the phraseology of IFR clearances different between the US and Europe?
In which phases of flight should the carb heat be turned on?
Has anyone attempted to board a flying aircraft mid-air?
How many of the airliners that ever existed have been lost in flight?
Is it possible to get into a spin situation while coordinated?
Is it normal for the flaps to move like this?
Is it dangerous to do a skidding turn to lose altitude without increasing airspeed?
Can ADS-B DF-17 messages with a non-zero remainder after CRC check be used?
What would happen if a takeoff is not rejected following an elevator malfunction?
What is this WWI aircraft?
What is the purpose of a reverse-flow orientation for turbo-prop aircraft?
Who was the first black person (in the world) to go airborne in an aircraft?
Is there a detection method available to detect a plane without using RADAR?
Was "the right stuff" ever really the right stuff?
How much are aircraft nose paintings restricted by regulations?
Strange flight path
At what point are the pilots allowed to communicate with the ground crew whilst they are still in the cockpit?
How are Max Brake Energy Speed & Weight affected by other factors?
Where to find information on ILS categories at European airports?
How are aircraft size classes defined?
Is this scaling of aircraft size and power (at least roughly...) correct?
How does FlightAware correlate flights to Part 91 flight plan data?
Is this calculation for the 'free' climbing speed when flying in a headwind with a gradient correct?
Is it possible to integrate an AI CoPilot on existing planes?
Why do we use the length of the canard as 1/3 of the wing?
How is the fuselage of the Boeing 787 produced?
Does the captain always control thrust on takeoff?
Is the cargo door on this airplane really malfunctioning?
What is the accuracy of distance and position calculation?
Can TRACON increase plane speed on approach?
Do all the engines/propellers of a VTOL UAV need to be identical?
Is it OK practice to use one altimeter on QFE and one on QNH (local flight, dual altimeters)?
Could a knowledgeable passenger have saved Helios Flight 522?
What are the aerodynamic advantages and disadvantages of the Weltensegler wing?
Do ETOPS requirements vary between passenger, cargo, and non-revenue flights?
Where can I find (or how can I calculate) the glide ratio for a PA-28-181?
How are bird strikes tested in helicopters?
What is the production status of the Pipistrel Panthera as of March 2017?
How does bank angle differ from roll angle with respect to stability in fixed-wing aircraft?
How do you calculate trip fuel based on hourly fuel burn rates?
Are Cargo Holds Pressurized, Non-pressurized, or vacuumed?
How can dynamic and static pressure be explained?
What does "maximum update interval" mean for Mode S GICB registers?
Should ADS-B airborne and surface squitter transponder registers both be updated regards air/ground status?
What does the word "boot" mean?
Why are there fewer stages in the turbine than in the compressor of a turbine engine?
How does Reynolds Number affect skin friction drag?
What are the various fees associated with flying?
What does prevent air and fuel to be mixed upstream of the compressor?
What are the typical lift, lift coefficient and drag coefficient for a A320 in cruise?
How does the pitching moment change as the speed of A/C approaches critical Mach number?
How is oil distributed through the engine in a wet sump system?
What is the meaing of the circuit breaker marking "Audio/Mkr" in a PA-28-181?
Would cone shapes grills in front of jet engines prevent damage in case of a bird strike?
Triple engine failure; which would you choose to keep left?
What is profile drag?
Which kind of aircraft have the lowest operating cost?
Can any land-based plane be made to land on water?
What flights were significantly affected by insects hitting the fuselage?
Why Do General Aviation Aircraft Cost So Much?
Is the Cirrus Vision SF50 the only civilian monojet currently on production?
Why don't drones use ducted fans?
Where can I find detailed information about ground lighting systems exist in aviation?
Selling the emergency exit row seats
How much training does an A320 pilot need to fly an A321?
How does airfoils thickness affect if the wings become transonic before or after?
How are individual rotor/stator blades identified during engine inspection for the CFM56?
Is it possible to control a drone with a link mediated by the cellular phone network?
What is maximum displacement for aircraft engine?
Is this really a British Airways 727?
If an airline cancels an aircraft order, can a different airline acquire those options?
Why does the aspect ratio of a wing become less important at supersonic speeds?
Could this propeller work on a quadcopter and decrease the sound?
What is the typical angle of attack aircraft fly at and at what angle of attack do they stall?
Does my PPL need to be checked again when I move to another country?
What would be the airspace class when no vignette is visible on a US VFR sectional chart?
Can a military pilot make his airplane invisible for the ATCs?
What is the difference between "x" and "+" configuration in missiles?
What is the business purpose of scheduling two separate flights on the very same route with 5-10 minutes separation?
What is the minimum separation for aircraft operating on or intersecting the same runway?
Was my latest Air Berlin flight in violation of some in-flight procedures?
What parts of Austrian airspace are not covered by primary radars?
Are jet engines affected by small bird (e.g. hummingbird) strikes?
How are gyro's used on a turn indicator?
What is "Takeoff Minimum: NA" for US Airports as depicted in Terminal Procedures?
Why do F16's have anhedral tail wings?
Why does the F-16 have a fixed stabilizer section inboard of the stabilators?
Why doesn't F-15 have a protruded cone at its rear like what the Su-35 has?
Is there a minimum distance that a pilot is required to fly?
Why is the Su-27 so much larger than the MiG-29?
What first aid equipment is on a commercial aircraft?
How are north and east compents of the wind calculated, given a wind speed and direction?
Is there a way, by which an airline or ATC would be alerted, if both pilots are asleep or incapacitated?
Why do most commercial aircraft have their fuselage over the wing, instead of under?
Why do turbofan engines not have a contrarotating second fan?
What improvement was made in Su-35 over Su-30?
What are the advantages of a geared contrarotating turbofan?
Why did my instructor recommend that I fly a Piper Seminole down to the runway rather than trying to flare it like a Cessna?
How much testing to commerical aircraft manufacturers typically do on each new plane after it rolls off the production line?
Do safety-critical avionics systems run Linux?
If I were to scratch build a helicopter, as the manufacturer, would I need a pilot's license to fly it?
Who logs the flight hours for airline pilots?
Is it normal for airport to transmit unmodulated carrier on its ATIS frequency for extended periods of time?
Statistics - Does the majority of new pilot training occur at controlled or uncontrolled airports?
Why are RC rotor blades different from helicopter blades?
Must Part 91 pilots comply with runway departures marked as NA?
What is the third airport near Dubai visible on Google Maps?
When would these two fixes at KMEM be used?
How does a lean die-out occur in a turbine engine?
What do tower controllers do when the airport is quiet?
What are ISA +10, ISA -15 and ISA -30?
Are modern aircraft (fully loaded and fueled) able to operate from hot and high airports?
Why photographing airports is banned if everything is perfectly pictured in Google Maps?
What is the sink rate of a glider during a roll?
Would an Aero L-159 Alca air frame be able to withstand a supersonic engine?
Is it possible to have an afterburner in a turbofan with bypass ratio greater than 1:1?
How do I use the GNS 620 Trainer provided by Garmin?
Can an ARINC 429 controller set to receive messages on high-speed (100kHz) see 12.5kHz messages?
Would a stationary WWII fighter fall on its nose with full throttle and brakes on?
What is the Hot Air Pressure Regulating valve and what's its purpose?
Why do NOTAMs consist of code instead of plain language?
Do parking brakes lock the wheels and airframe together?
What is the AMIS?
Did WWII fighters have inverted airfoils for horizontal stabilizers?
Is airflow ever laminar in the boundary layer, near the wing leading edge?
What modifications are necessary to the airframe and or instrument panel to add an autopilot to a light airplane (like a Cessna 172 or 182)?
Is it possible to land a plane only with the Garmin® Synthetic Vision?
What is the technical term for ARINC 429 data injected into a heartbeat stream going to an LRU?
How does a jet fighter landing flare compare to a civilian plane?
Can an engine that is extinguished by foam be returned to service?
How does the EPR reading behave in reverse, and in reheat modes?
Can a nonresident American citizen get a Canadian helicopter license?
Did the contemporaries of the F-14 also have automatic swing wings?
Can you climb at Vxse when you cannot at Vyse in a multi-engine aircraft?
Is it possible to have dual contra-rotating rotors on a gyrocopter or gyroplane? Are there disadvantages that would outweigh the extra lift?
If the intake of a running jet engine is blocked for some short duration what would be the sequence of events following it?
Where is the lateral position of the aerodynamic center?
How does the A350/380 operate on Variable Frequency AC generators?
External recordable CCTV, a third black box
How do I estimate how much air flows through the intake due to engine suction?
Did British aircraft fly at a specific speed while returning from missions during WWII?
Is it technically possible to have nuclear-powered hot-air balloons?
After purchasing an aircraft, how do I put the transponder in my name?
is boundary-layer jet-turbine a scam?
Is there a technical name for a several mile stretch of flight before landing?
Do commercial airliners use supercritical airfoils?
What is the difference between saturated and unsaturated adiabatic lapse rate?
Why does having a geometry-limited aircraft lead to lower VLOFs?
Can a fighter jet be stolen?
Why is the extra allowance for wheel installation on A380 in terms of degrees instead of torque/torque percentage?
Will depression from 20 years ago prevent me from being an airline pilot?
Which FAA regulations require passengers to comply with flight crew instructions?
Advice on making a jet engine
What is the material composition of aircraft compressor blades?
Are transponders required for hot-air balloons in the US when operating within a Mode C Veil?
Do Federal regulations compel airlines to avoid schedule disruptions?
Can a US airline add an employee passenger as crew?
What is this odd aircraft?
Does the definition of visibility take object size into account?
How is fuel removed from a light aircraft if required for weight and balance?
On a small/micro jet engine, can the turbine blades and vanes be made out of ceramic?
Is there a common template or mnemonic for a take-off briefing?
Are the discrete I/O considered to be part of the ARINC interface?
What is the RNP requirement within the KZAK FIR?
Why doesn't the US have a flag carrier airline?
Why is max endurance different for jet and props?
Why didn't planes land from the sea in the old Kai Tak Hong Kong airport?
Why do we need to know both groundspeed and airspeed?
Where can I find a video about making F-16 jet fighter canopies?
If I am pushing my aircraft into the hangar with a tow bar, at night, with the engine off, am I required to activate my rotating beacon?
When leaving ground effect, why is there a nose-up change in moment?
Why evacuate upwind?
During an engine failure should I deploy 10° of flap or keep it clean?
How to calculate estimated flight time?
Is it recommended to have an ADS-B transponder in ALT mode on the ground?
What is the purpose of logo lights on airliners?
What is the largest aircraft that has been flown inverted successfully?
What is the most critical takeoff shear margin condition for a Type IV anti-ice fluid?
What is the regulatory landing distance for turboprops under FAR 121-135?
What is the constant in this formula for additional lift?
Does a secondary surveillance radar need the support of a primary surveillance radar?
Does the CF6 use Pneumatic Reverse Thrust from the APU's bleed air?
Does intake mass-flow rate vary linear proportional with turbine fan speed?
Do pilots have their own in-flight entertainment?
Is an RT license required for EASA PPL holders?
What's the best way to see accident rates for a particular make/model of aircraft?
Can an F-16 fly with conventional hydraulic powered controls without a computer controlled Fly By Wire System?
What is Pack Flow?
What is the optimum separation between contra-rotating propellers?
How do virtual circuit breakers work?
For a B787 in cruise, what is the altitude, speed, and angle of attack?
Why do all commercial aircraft have carpets?
Are nearest VOR stations always tuned to?
How do fire crews handle hot brakes?
Which tail type is better in order to obtain higher speed?
Does it make sense to do an emergency landing without nose gear in order to reduce stopping distance?
Free baggage allowance: Weight concept vs Piece concept?
What is wrong about this interpretation of QFE and QNH?
What are "approved weather reporting services" and do they apply to part 91?
Are wings any more efficient at creating lift, versus orienting the engine's thrust downwards?
Why are "canard" not used on commercial aircraft?
Are fighter jets vulnerable to .50 caliber gunfire?
What criteria do FAA VFR Charts use for High-Intensity Obstruction lights?
What do Fighter pilots' thumbs look like?
Why is there only circumferential treading on the nose wheel?
What would happen if an aircraft were to touch down on EMAS?
When would CAPT 3 or FO 3 ever be used on the A320?
When may commercial pilots release their shoulder harness?
What exactly is a hot air pressure regulating valve, and what is its purpose?
Is there a 3-dimensional airspace viewer?
What is CAPT & PURS?
What theoretically would happen if the flaps were extending even further?
How do KFm step airfoils work?
Should I record my helicopter and autogyro time in separate logbooks?
Are there regulations for the minimum amount of toilets per passenger?
How can a "due regard" state flight that has been intercepted indicate to their interceptor that they need to deviate around a hazard?
Can European (or more generally, non-US) airspace users airfile IFR flight plans?
Why does this analysis show very high stress in a propeller?
Why do flight attendants wear gloves during takeoff and landing?
Are Final Tests always required for LRUs?
Does the FAA dictate that bridges are closed for the Thunder Over Louisville airshow event?
How are NOTAMs distributed and received?
What happens when VFR conditions change over a longer flight?
In an unpressurized cabin, why is the cockpit ambient pressure lower than the outside pressure?
What would cause an aircraft (j3 piper cub) to slide backwards when going into a stall?
Why can't we extract more from exhaust gases in gas turbines?
Can I choose whether hobbyist or Part 107 rules are more advantageous when flying a UAV for fun?
Has the F-35 Lightning II overheating problem been resolved?
What does the ATR72-600 MFD System display look like?
What is a fuel tank float valve and how does it work?
Does the tailwind component always have the same absolute value as the headwind component?
Do you know the exact model and use of this rotorcraft?
Can I have a free ride with airplane?
What is this ring-shaped device behind this DC-8's jet engine?
What are the factors that determine the speed flutter appears on wings?
Why is there such a difference between the study material for the FAA and EASA ATP knowledge tests?
Do FAA sectional charts show all power/transmission lines?
Can the cracks found on the A380 wings tear the wing apart?
Would shooting the tyres prevent a takeoff?
What is the physical meaning of Mean Aerodynamic Chord?
Are turns, while under the control of a two-axis autopilot, uncoordinated?
Why is the flight director at 9 degrees nose high when hitting TOGA?
Must RAIM be checked in flight before every GPS approach or is a preflight check acceptable?
Am I required to report entering the hold in lieu, persuant to the IFR mandatory reporting points?
How do ATCs choose between Tower, Approach, and Enroute facilities?
Can a passenger drone perform auto-rotation?
How did the 747SR fly from Qatar to London?
Was there really a wide gap between the performance of the F-16 similar contestants in the Lightweight Fighter Contest?
How can seagulls slide in the wind without flapping their wings?
Why isn't the An-72 / Boeing YC-14 configuration used for airliners?
Can a low flying jet fighter lift water?
What altitude to fly on a STAR when it reads "expect"?
Cessna 172: at which RPM should the oil pressure reach the green arc?
What is this on the starboard engine of the Dash 8?
Why do some aircraft (e.g. Avro RJ85) have rear-mounted air brakes?
Is there a difference in aerodynamic efficiency between single engine and twin engine airplanes?
How do I pay fees if I don't even land at the airport?
Would it be a benefit to install winglets on a Hawker 400XP?
What documented practices are there for NOTAM creators and handlers to combat NOTAM spam?
How can two planes be on the same taxiway facing opposite to each other?
How to proceed in designing a catapult glider with maximum flight distance?
Why do some aircraft carriers have an upward starting runway?
What is the difference between published and unpublished waypoints?
How much does an ILS approach cost?
Flying Considerations during an Eclipse?
What are typical airspeeds and lift coefficients for UAVs at different flight stages?
If I need to do a course reversal before initiating an approach, do I need to notify ATC that I'm doing it?
What is the best word for lateral translational movement in a rotorcraft?
Would a takeoff be aborted if 'rotate' is not called out?
Why are callouts of changes in the Flight Mode Annunciator not automated?
What is the Scaling Factor in ARINC 429?
How does change in airspeed affect pitching moment?
Can the signature of stealth fighters be uncovered, and then used for future detections?
What is a transmit-only frequency?
Why is the range of transponder digits 0 to 7 rather than 0 to 9?
What is the willingness of non-AME/pilot physicians to perform BasicMed exams?
What does stick fixed and stick free longitudinal stability mean in simple terms?
How to fly to an uncharted airport?
What are the five leading theories for lift generation?
Is there a specific relation between sideslip angle and yaw rate OR how sideslip angle depend on yaw rate?
How does a jetstream boost an aircraft's speed?
Where can I find info or techniques on calculating the influence of a duct on the thrust and efficiency of a propeller?
For a given airfoil, with known Cl and Cd curves, how can I calculate the autorotation AoA range?
How is a glider recovered and returned to an airport after landing in a field?
Was the Buran space shuttle capable of doing a go-around?
Does go-around require more power than take-off?
Did any aircraft ever use stick twist for rudder control?
How can I determine the amount of trim drag?
In a fighter jet, what is the average weight of the ejection system?
Why are there some airports not charted as service-available when FBO provides fuel?
What is Flexible Gunnery in the US Air Force?
Is there a way to calculate thrust without running experiments?
What is that black pod on the left wing of a TBM?
Where can I do an FAA IPC in Canada?
Why do some pilots misuse (troll) the GUARD frequency?
Which commercial aircraft can stay in the air the longest?
How does the idle speed adjustment in a Stromberg NA-R9B float-type carburetor work?
How does the idle mixture adjustment in a Stromberg NA-R9B float-type carburetor work?
How much does a new hangar at a major airport save an airline?
Is lashing equipment considered part of a ULD?
During autoration, does it help to pump the cyclic to increase the RPM?
Can a turbofan have a fan driven electrically so as to run at optimal speed?
What is the flap extension schedule on approach for an airliner?
Do airlines have freezers?
Why are Flight Directors turned on so early?
Can I pass the EASA ATPL exams by studying FAA materials?
Would "wind turbine generators" in the bypass stream save fuel for jetliners?
What is the correct answer to this Mass and Balance calculation?
Where does this integral for a 'aerospike nozzle' come from?
How can I test a COM VHF antenna?
What happens if you take off with a direct tailwind?
Where does the final cooling take place in the air cycle machine of the air conditioning system?
Does taxiing time gets considered in a pilot's flying hours?
Do you have to update weight and balance charts after installing new avionics?
Is turboshaft fuel efficiency affected by N2 loading?
Do non-US citizens still have to get an additional TSA check?
How do services like Flightradar24 and FlightAware track flights?
What will be in 'radiotelephony privileges' part of EASA PPL without practical RT examination?
How come there is no attempt at an "inter-meshing rotorprop" high-speed helicopter?
Which regulations require the ARROW documents?
Do helicopters need to use yaw pedals to fly a coordinated turn?
Can I fly under a solar eclipse to lengthen its effect?
How should I interpret this TAF involving TEMPO and BECMG blocks?
What is this tiny slat for?
Why don't small props have a gear?
What is this "hole" in the A350 fuselage?
Could I receive flight training in my company's jet, while on company business with passengers?
Do flight regulations prohibit sleeping on the floor of an airliner?
Could low pressure compressor blades be made of aluminum?
Why do some fighters have two engines?
How does a gyro compass indicate true heading?
Can the APU provide emergency thrust?
Can passenger plane do an aileron roll and fly upside down?
What are the evenly-spaced "bumps" on Bell X-1 tailplane?
How does bleed air maintain pressure for pressurization after being cooled?
How can I convert an ICAO (Georgian) CPL to an EASA CPL?
How does blade solidity ratio relate to thrust/power/torque of a propeller?
Is there a formula to calculate ground distance traveled given rate of climb and true airspeed?
Why $\frac{\Delta p}{\overline q}$ is depending by weight, flap deflection and other parameters? Which are other parameters?
When did pilots start making announcements to passengers?
Why do some aircraft have pods on their wing tips?
Do negative flaps increase glide ratio?
Since there are no toilets on smaller aircraft, how do you deal with the inevitable?
On an inverted aircraft, is the ILS glide slope sensing reversed?
What is the relationship between fuel mixture and RPM in a reciprocating engine?
Why might this trans-pacific flight not follow a more direct route?
Why are so few heliports depicted on sectionals?
What are the rules in UK law on carrying dangerous goods on drones?
What useful data can be obtained by using building and flying a scale model of a fighter aircraft design?
What are the consequences of hail damage to a small GA plane?
What is boundary layer, exactly?
How does wing flex reduce wave drag?
Which small, light aircraft are suitable for operating at very high elevations?
Does the EASA/FAA require additional life vests, and life vests for infants/children?
How can I find out if the government paid to build a runway?
When flying a glider in emergency situation, would it be more safe to bailout or to land in a forest?
How does one calculate true altitude?
What's the difference between FMS and FMC?
How is an ILS approach conducted when following a heavy aircraft?
What structural design methods were used for early turbojets?
What can be considered under 61.113 (c) for passenger equipment?
What's the reason for pilots wearing uniforms?
What is this weapon spotted at an airshow in South Africa?
How to select a Lead In Fighter Trainer in the presence of both single engine and twin engine fighter jets?
What is the fatigue life of a fuselage based on?
How IATA Code is requested or assigned to an newly built airport ?
Why should the ball be centered during steep turns?
Does flight training have any impact on my H1B visa?
How to trigger warnings on an unplugged aural warning unit?
What is hinge moment?
What is the quickest way to get an airship rating?
Based on what concept/strategy is a new aircraft ICAO code assigned?
Why didn't the Boeing 757 share the 767 fuselage?
Is EASA B1 equivalent to DCAM B1?
How can air travel be so safe if the aircraft skin is only 1-2 mm thick?
How do fighters detect laser locking?
Are seaplanes allowed to taxi in residential areas?
Is it really cost effective to put a motion system underneath a Full Flight Simulator?
Is the Cirrus SR22T a turbo-prop? Or does in just have a turbocharger?
I want to become a commercial pilot, can you do that through the RAF?
What were the U.S. Air Force's first 2-crew fighter planes?
Is it bad practice to say my callsign first in a transmission to ATC?
do you have to go to the air force to be a commercial pilot
How much lift is created by a half-sized rotor?
What is the freezing point of 100LL Avgas?
Is there any regulation on how often a private aircraft should be washed?
What is the effect of sudden extreme temperature change on brake disks of large aircraft?
Is it possible to turn and safely land an aircraft with a malfunctioning rudder?
Why are the wingtips of sailplanes painted red?
What alternative designs competed for the C-130 in the 1950s?
Where can I find registration information of a private aircraft registered in Germany?
Is it permitted to load a full cargo container onto an aircraft without a roller track loading/locking system?
How much thrust is lost due to the bleed air system?
What are the most common uses of radio communication when flying?
How do turbofan nacelle lengths compare?
What is this Lockheed Martin plane?
What is this smoke coming from an F/A-18 shortly before takeoff?
How do helicopter pilots practice auto rotation?
What was the first fighter jet that utilised thrust vectoring nozzles?
Why is ditching speed higher than stalling speed?
How is turbine engine oil pressure associated with turbine engine speed?
How do exhaust cones affect the performance of turbine engines?
Is a one foot landing possible?
How much thrust is gained from placing a propeller in a duct?
Is the nose cone of the MiG-21 adjustable in-flight?
Why is a turbofan engine less efficient when air leaks over fan blade tips?
How do groundspeed and IAS change during eights on pylons, and how should I manage them?
Do multi engines face the torque effect?
How loud was the Concorde's sonic boom at the ground level?
Why is this plane flying a circular track?
Why are holding patterns in an oval shape?
What is the temperature at the center of a gas turbine disc?
Why is jet fuel cheaper than piston fuel?
Can an airport fine an aircraft for being too noisy?
What are the effects of adding winglets to an aircraft not designed with winglets originally?
Why are autonomous vehicles not used at airports for on-ground services?
What was the earliest plane in push-pull configuration that flew or at least took off?
What happens when a capacitor is supplied with a higher voltage than intended?
Finding strength of vortex by solving integration of thin aerofoil theory!
Why did the Swiss International Air LX40 (a 777-300ER) emergency land at Iqaluit airport?
Are there any regulations on how VFR Aircraft have to dodge if they are facing each other?
Does Lift/Drag generally improve at higher Reynolds numbers?
How far can one be from an helipad when marshalling an helicopter?
What equipment is required to operate in Class "C" airspace?
Is an aeroplane's design only functional?
What were the 20 airspace classes in the US before 1993?
How can an aircraft turn if the horizontal force component is zero?
What aircraft "don't respond well to tarmac runways"?
Do airlines have contingency plans to keep passengers warm in the event of an Arctic emergency landing (or otherwise a diversion)?
How common are diversions to high-latitude airports for intercontinental flights?
What are the experience requirements and process for becoming an FAA Designated Pilot Examiner?
How do pilots make rudder inputs during negative G flight?
What would happen if multi engines operated symmetrically?
How much lift must a helicopter rotor produce?
Was the F-4 Phantom the only fighter to be in service for the US Navy, Air Force and Marines?
What is the FAA Approval Basis for an FMS upgrade on a Part 25 aircraft?
What is this nose cowl mounted display?
What are the pros and cons of vacuum and pressure gyros?
Do carrier-less militaries maintain carrier qualifications on allied boats?
Do carrier-less militaries retain the equipment for carrier operations?
How do mixed-bag-of-hardware military coalitions handle communications, IFF, et. al. interoperability?
Was differential thrust used in the P-38 to improve turn performance?
What's the UX in modern airliner avionics for diversion choices, and does it integrate to autopilot?
Which engine type requires the shortest take-off run: a turboprop or a turbofan?
What should you do when the pattern is crowded?
What is this plane seen in Mobile, Alabama?
How do large airport refuelling systems work?
How many four-engine commercial passenger jetliner types are currently in use?
Are there any pressurized piston-engine aircraft?
Why is UTC activation time referred to 30W in NAT-OTS?
Why are general aviation avionics so expensive?
What causes this surface texture, and how does it affect flight characteristics?
Why does intake of turbofan engine have angle of attack?
Why hasn't Boeing updated the 747 with technology from the 787?
May two different component manufacturers have the same component maintenance manual number?
Could the Boeing 747's 'hump' be improved aerodynamically?
Why are the engines not tucked underneath the wings of airliners?
Why are the intakes of some fighters not attached to the fuselage?
Do coaxial rotors provide twice the amount of lift?
What are the practical impacts of airports in the US being mostly IATA Level 2?
What would happen if the flight engineer is unavailable on a 747?
Aerodynamics of a Propeller
Why bother having different engine options on one aircraft?
Would it be beneficial for the Boeing 777x to have a biplane wing design?
Why do some non-precision approaches have stepdown fixes after the final approach fix?
What exactly is a BITE?
Can I buy a A320 FCOM, FCTM and QRG as non-pilot?
What equation describes the relation between engine thrust and EPR?
Why is the Antonov 225 (almost) always chocked at the third wheel?
How do I find the registration or serial number for the aircraft I flew on specific trips in the past?
Can you turn a large airliner using only rudder input?
What happened to the Boeing Y3 aircraft?
Are there any performance details available for the D8 Double Bubble engines?
What is the function of the holes in splitter plates?
Is a biennial flight review valid for any airplane category?
What are fuel biases?
Is Ground Direction Finding commonly used?
How do I differentiate between different types of installed wire lock/safety wire on planes?
I don't quite understand the bypass air
What is the purpose of the winglets on the Socata TB-31 Omega vertical stabilizer?
What is the legal situation if a passenger dies in mid-flight?
Are there any ducted propeller or fans without a shaft in the centre?
Who has final authority over Air Force One?
Why do flaperons 'move down then up' on takeoff roll on a 787?
Is there any requirement that airports have distinct names?
Why is KOAK's alternate minimum higher than standard?
What do the pointers on a Kollsman altimeter indicate?
Is it bad for the engine to perform a touch & go?
Wouldn't a Snow Globe prevent pilots from getting disoriented?
Where is helicopter rotor attached on Allison Model 250 engine?
Gliding: why pulling the stick back in a spiral dive would tighten the turn?
Is Iqaluit Airport closed?
Is there any way to relieve the Pilot in Command?
Is yelling "clear prop" required by FAA regulations?
How do airline pilots maintain night currency?
Do carriers such as Janet Airlines carry ADS-B transponders?
What is the purpose of the glazed round area atop the Ju 87 Stuka G?
What noise reduction measures were taken in the time between hush kits and chevrons?
What fuels can turbofans burn?
Does density altitude affect actual altitude?
What are the areas marked in green around the taxiways?
What are IFR departure categories?
What is the date of first use of the TAF format?
What can trigger the ELT on GA aircraft?
Why do Ryanair not use jetways?
How many total airframe cycles should a B737-400 be put through before it becomes too costly to maintain?
Why there are more requirements for being PIC of the airliner above FL200?
Does ground speed represent the horizontal speed measured at sea level?
What are the advantages of the Cri-Cri's tail and fuselage design?
As a plane gets slower, why does a certain bank angle make you turn faster?
Why does gas turbine engine have pressure oil supply tube and the scavenge oil tube?
Why are some pitot tubes more prone to icing than others?
Is it legal for an SEP airplane to fly above its service ceiling?
What is the history and process of designing new waypoints and airways?
How do pilots do a preflight inspection of tail-mounted engines?
How can you identify the upwind side of a thunderstorm, and why should you fly there?
Why does it feel like a plane accelerates just before touching down?
Have there ever been accidents due to a vacuum failure that hasn't been noticed?
What is the relation between aircraft stability and control?
How does a two-stage supercharger work?
Why is the available power in propeller engine is almost constant for every velocity?
Where can I find EUROCONTROL's fuel coefficients for the B737?
Why do Computer Navigation Fixes still exist now that GPS waypoints can be used to define tracks?
What type is this aircraft with "inverted" wings?
Are the press reports of this incident plausible?
What's the maximum bank angle of a glider?
What is the theoretical maximum RPM of a typical aircraft piston engine?
What safety mechanisms prevent thrust reverser deployment in mid-flight?
Where is the best centre of gravity for planes like the Berkut 360?
Why are there curved propellers?
Can a pilot or owner repair a seatbelt?
Are there examples of diverse departure assessment departures in the US or Canada?
Is it possible (not practical) to create a liquid nitrogen jet?
What would be the potential thrust of an "electric jet" like Lilium's?
Why were the speed records set by seaplanes in the early thirties?
Can I make an ILS-Approach when I am VFR?
Can a pilot who is not a CFI give instruction?
Is AD compliance ever physically verified when maintaining an aircraft?
What are the fatigue regulations in the US and Australia for military transport helicopters/rotorcraft?
Is an Airbus A319 allowed to fly with a missing flap track fairing?
What makes the loss of a flap track fairing strongly increase fuel consumption on Airbus planes?
What is the difference between Part 121, Part 135, and Part 91 operators?
How does the flyboard air get sufficient lift/thrust with such small form factor?
Can you file an open-ended IFR flight plan?
Why is the ratio of TSFC at altitude vs. sea level different for hi-bypass vs. lo-bypass turbofan engines?
What was the first operational U.S. military jet fighter to fly at mach 2?
Which countries provide the parameters for their national height reference model in the AIP?
Can the big "X" sign be used for purposes other than runway closure?
What is the difference between a pitot tube and a pitot-static tube?
What are the climb rates during the different phases of flight of an A320?
What is the origin of the practice of numbering runways by magnetic heading?
How do I remind myself to run in-flight checklists?
What Electronic Flight Display is this?
Where is the spanwise flow? How does the span wise flow point the air towards the wingtip?
What is the distance at which my VHF communication radio can reach ATC?
Since jet fuel is cheaper, why do pistons still use av-gas?
What safety differences exist between carrying laptops in checked versus carry-on baggage?
Can repeated call-signs be present in one day?
What is the procedure when an aircraft with an emergency can't land due to a blocked runway?
Are run-ups required for multiengine piston aircraft?
Is it true that Ryanair flies without fuel reserves?
Can a few random interaction with cockpit controls result in a crash?
What happens when disengaging the electricity generators on a B747?
Can the center of gravity ever fall outside the mean aerodynamic chord?
What are the costs involved with getting a 2 seat ultralight?
What are the criteria for "variable" in METAR reports?
Being told to monitor a frequency, when are you allowed to transmit on that frequency?
What is the difference between Tilt-rotor aircraft and Tilt-wing aircraft?
Why is the wing bending so much in this video?
What is the efficiency of running an electric motor from a gas generator?
How is structural damage to a composite fuselage detected?
How to calculate the lift coefficient of a multi element airfoil?
Where can I find a list of rules of thumb formulas for navigation?
What material is used on the wing surface of this airplane?
How does VFR work in countries other than USA? What does hi and lo mean?
Yellow chevron markings at end of runway, what do they mean?
How does the pressure change in the Air Cycle Machine?
How does Pack Flow work on the A320?
How should passengers report SOS signal sightings?
How did the F28 have such a good L/D ratio?
What distinguishes the Airbus-Sidestick from an ordinary gaming joystick?
Violation class bravo airspace
What are these five indicators at the front of the 737 passenger cabin?
Why the moment arms in x-direction are considered as -x?
Center Controller with ADS-B question
Why do propellers on aircraft have a slight offset angle?
How is Reynolds Number derived and used?
Can a plane with air-breathing engines in level flight achieve enough velocity to make a single orbit?
Do the pilots have to recalculate the balance when 6 passengers show up last minute in a 737?
Which GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is used to generate the graphics for avionics?
Why are fighter pilots seated and not reclined?
Is there any comprehensive source for landing fee information?
Are there legal limits associated with the use of the autopilot in the US?
Why is a sweeping second hand required for IFR?
What is the round thing on the tip of an MD-90 wing?
Statute miles to runway visual range
What is the requirement for fire fighting equipment on board a passenger flight?
Can we apply landing minimum with ALS when ALS is available with low intensity only?
What is the difference between P208 and P209 base runway materials?
What is the groundspeed history of an aviation of such as a Boeing plane?
Where can I get airport diagrams of non-towered airports?
What should I consider when storing a light aircraft outdoors for several months?
Is it possible to interchange different of fuels for turbine engines?
How are aeronautical charts made?
What is the difference between RAIL and SFL lights?
Has there been any research on plasma-producing planes?
Shaftless propeller vs duct fan
How to calculate Vx for a propeller driven airplane?
When is jet engine thrust maximum?
Can one country really ban another from using its airspace?
How is airspace in the Persian Gulf determined?
How does a fighter “thump” an intercepted aircraft?
If an aircraft cannot fly above 300ft, is it an aircraft?
American Airlines Astrojet - is it really 'polished aluminium'?
What are the specific number of passengers and conditions required to select HI, NORM, or LOW on the pack flow knob?
Why does the V-22 Osprey have twin stabilizers?
Why can US deny airspace to commercial flights?
Are any software or aeronautical engineers yet attempting to design pilotless passenger planes (PPP'S)?
How is a Bambi Bucket or sling loaded tank certified for aerial firefighting?
What is the necessity of Obstacle Departure Procedure(ODP)?
Is this legal for transportation in the US? (video in description)
Can state or local laws regulate where aircraft can take off and land?
Who pays airline pilots?
What are "ground-based navigation systems which provide vertical guidance" and how do they compare to altimeters?
How can I tell if an aircraft (N-number) is already equipped with an ADS-B transponder?
How much mathematics and what level should commercial pilots have?
Why is there a helicopter visibility reduction restriction for this approach?
Is it viable to put an engine at the rear of the plane like in this photo?
Could I issue clearances at a private airstrip without being a controller?
How is a turbine engine rotated for starting and inspections?
Which authority is responsible for RT licensing in the Netherlands?
Is interfering with the "go/no-go" decisionmaking of a flight crew a violation of 14 CFR 91.11?
What are the dimensions of an NPT pipe for fuel systems?
Why is an approach that relies on both LOC and PAPI not considered a precision approach?
What classifies as an ultralight vehicle?
Why has the A340 not been fitted with only three engines?
Do you pay to Touch-and-Go?
How much runway is needed for comfortable operations in a PC-9?
How are pitch angle and pitch rate measured in an airplane?
Could a terrorist hack the ILS?
What is the practical usefulness of a small home made wind tunnel?
Which type of jet leaves black trail at cruising altitude?
Is an aborted landing considered an incident for the FAA?
Is platinum present in a combustion chamber?
Why flights route is so different?
Why does it take so long to develop modern military jets?
What model is this strange airplane-helicopter combination?
Do you need an instrument rating to fly in Class G airspace?
Do aerodynamic forces depend on the materials of the wing surfaces?
How should the pack flow knob be set on an Airbus A320?
How should this Bendix course deviation indicator from the '50s be read?
ETOPS 330 vs ETOPS 370 etc; how are the exact minute ratings derived?
Why does the helicopter's nose go down when the cyclic is pressed forward (in a hover)?
Why does the spanwise flow along a swept wing not accelerate?
What does it mean when a runway's safety area is not standard?
What is this white rectangle painted on runway 23 at KCRW?
Is it a standard procedure to use emergency slides without imminent danger?
DIY switch panel
Can you safely operate a 777 with diesel?
What causes the distinct sounds of a jet engine?
Dimensional analysis with wingspan length?
Does the DA-42 automatically lean to clean fouled spark plugs?
Do glow plugs face fouling?
Do Diesel engines have a mixture option?
Are pets/animals in the cargo hold monitored inflight for any sudden medical condition?
Where to find US airport weather Service Levels?
Are there areas to avoid while flying formation with a larger aircraft?
How are registration numbers assigned?
How is the search-and-rescue system for civil aviation over waters agreed and funded?
What causes a "BATT DISCHARGE" CAS message on the Phenom 100E?
Is this an accurate depiction of the internal shape of a turbofan engine?
How stable is the "customer" power on a commercial aircraft?
How to decode ARINC 429 data?
What happens if a pilot uses left rudder during a turn to the right?
Could TCAS be used as a backup source for position, attitude or air data?
Has the FAA moved to change its use of gender-specific words like airman?
Would a "fuel leak" at the gate be a reportable incident?
What is the reasoning behind Kamov twin-rudder design?
Why does the author not add the pressure of the freestream to the variables (dimensional analysis)?
How would I read a departure chart?
How to start to get in the field of aviation with degree of Computer Science?
What is the exception applicable to basic VFR weather minimums in FAR 91.155?
Why is this 777 zig zagging over the Pacific (and delayed by 2.5 hours in air)?
Where can I find more information about my grandfather's crashed B-18a bomber on Mt. Redoubt Alaska?
What type of coordinate system is this?
Why doesn't the plane accelerate/move forward when it's at rest, if the propeller is spinning?
DO-254 and microprocessors: how does it apply?
Who is the third pilot in this Qantas Airbus 380 long haul flight?
Does the avoidance of thrust reverser save fuel?
Are the size and location of the registration number regulated?
Can two captains fly an airliner?
Can pilots land an aircraft with only the use of throttles?
Can a GPS system be used to identify fixes on conventional instrument approaches?
Where can you find symbols (like these) that aren't on the legend?
Is it required to have an alternate airport if you don't have a WAAS GPS?
How do aircraft engine manufacturers achieve a higher bypass ratio while still meeting the thrust requirements for a given aircraft?
What does the statement painted on this P-51 mean?
What are possible explanations for fuel being expelled in this video?
Which fixed-wing aircraft has the highest number of required flight crew members?
Is a "GPS required" ILS (or other navaid-based) approach considered a "GPS approach" for alternate planning's sake when TSO-C129/196 gear is in use?
How large are the banners that are trailed behind small planes for advertising?
Can you push the throttle forward while using reverse thrusters?
Can a MEI CFI give a valid flight review in a plane for which he is not endorsed?
How to calculate the velocity gradient at the wall normal to the wall (Boundary layers)?
What is the technical name of the electric window dimming system?
Is there a list of directs and preferred routes within USA airspace?
How is the same takeoff performance achieved by a specific engine type on aircraft of different sizes?
Why does the Rutan Voyager use canards?
How should I deal with a cable break at low level during a glider winch launch?
Is induced drag caused because of the tilt of the wing backwards?
What are the differences between the Avro RJ85 and the BAE 146-200?
How does downwash bend airflow down? How can wing-tip vortices reach the airflow in front of the wing?
Are some airline's flights more noisy than others for security reasons?
FL(Flight Level) vs Altitude
How do wing tip vortices interact with the airflow on an wing with winglets?
How are banners kept upright?
Is there an FAA rule or Advisory Circular with regard to blood donation?
What is the appropriate fuel tank selection to land a 172?
Is there a generic formula to calculate fuel consumption for passenger jets?
Why do you need to provide your arrival airport when you close a VFR flight plan?
Will air traffic control ever ask a plane to not brake hard on a landing?
What device in western countries allows ATC to get clearances or search flight plans automatically?
What's the speed callout by the PNF on airliners for?
Why does an aircraft use less fuel while landing as opposed to takeoff and climb?
Helicopters: why hasn't NOTAR been more popular?
Were stub wings on early flying boats designed or able to exploit ground-effect lift?
What is the noise that the A320 makes on the ground?
How do symmetrical airfoils generate lift?
Is there a disadvantage to the "fan in fin" design seen for the tailrotor on many Eurocopter helicopters?
FAA Knowledge Test Question Bank - What is the source of the actual test questions?
Is there a maximum or minimum temperature for take-off and landing?
Operating with BasicMed, may pilot use a medication otherwise restricted under Part 67 Medical Regulations?
How to represent graphically airways and routes?
Why do aircraft take this strange route into JFK?
Can a GA magneto-spark plug ignition survive an EMP?
Would an A320 override the autothrottle due to an erroneous radio-altimeter?
What is the speed record for the Boeing 747 and Airbus A380?
How much does a Hundred Dollar Hamburger actually cost?
Is it possible to upgrade a Boeing 747-8 and Airbus A380's engines for greater speed?
Can a human be blown away by jet engines of an A380?
Why do aircraft have two brake pedals instead of one?
Is there an official record of the pilot with the most logged flight time?
May I fly with passengers on a homebuilt experimental airplane with only a simple PPL?
Why would an airplane's nosewheel bounce during landing?
What is the name of this airfoil?
Is there any Class G airspace south of Portage Bay in Seattle?
What are the limiting factors for high altitude planes (e.g: U2 or SR71) preventing them from going higher?
What is this radar-like thing?
Why aren't larger airliners such as the A380 more efficient than smaller ones?
How to read the pressure diagram of an airfoil?
Why do some A320s have double bogey landing gears?
How does an Airbus pilot decide whether to use HDG-V/S or TRK/FPA guidance?
What are the "panels" on the wingtips of the Panavia Tornado?
Can a runway turnpad be used as a runway holding position?
Can an ASEL class-rated private pilot without a T/W endorsement count T/W hours towards FAA flight time requirements?
How would one perform a more thorough preflight of the engine on a single-engine airplane without easy access to engine compartment?
What's required for the ADS-B to function? A GPS or Mode S Transponder?
How and why do wake vortices come together to form two tip vortices?
Can SID/STAR have shortened names?
In what direction(s) is any debris typically ejected from a jet engine in the case of failure during flight?
Can drone with two propellers above one another fly vertically upward without spinning?
Who is responsible for providing ATC in a TMA?
What licenses / permits are required to perform slingload operations in a helicopter?
What is the shed bus in the Phenom 100?
Why does the LP compressor rotate in the opposite direction of the HP compressor?
Why does the B-2 have a smaller payload than other bombers of comparable size?
Is it legal to listen to aviation frequencies in the UK?
How to determine if flow transitions or separates from a Cp plot?
How is wind measured at this small U.S. airport?
When flying to a towered airport when the tower is closed, what frequency should I use?
Is there any disadvantage to slipping as a way to lose altitude?
How do foreigners (international students) work as airline pilots in the USA?
What is the slowest fixed-wing airplane?
Why is the FOV of the Synthetic Vision of the Prodigy Flight Deck asymmetric?
How does ATC handle tv coverage of police pursuits in the US?
Why the dynamic pressure is not mentioned in the explanation of lift by Bernoulli's theorem?
Why use a single engine plane instead of a multi engine one for a long range flight record?
Are there tricks or training to handle spatial disorientation?
Are there common standards for aviation graphical user interfaces?
Is the MTOW determined by the wheel maximum supported weight?
Does the compressor stationary vane have stagger angle?
How can you do preflight fan inspection when it's windy?
What is the data size of Hilton Software's WingX Pro 7 app and all of its databases?
Why do different aircraft have different maximum operating temperatures?
What are the differences between the proportional flow control FCU and pressure control FCU?
Why stirring the cyclic helps in stuck left pedal?
What is the best way to align with centerline on final, rudder or slip?
What are these teardrop shaped thingamabobs on the bottom of the Panavia Tornado?
It is possible to feel a difference between helicopters with clockwise direction rotor and counterclockwise rotor?
Can foreign pilots get a Canadian ATPL and work for a Canadian commercial airline?
What do "LC/P" and "PTD" stand for in reference to airport communications?
Is excess fuel leaking normal during take off of a B737?
Are the captain's and first officer's brake pedals always mechanically linked?
Why don't plane wings start at the front of a plane and end at the back?
How did a Soviet SA-3 missile manage to shoot down the F117 Nighthawk?
Why don't airbus aircraft have raked wingtips?
Numerous questions regarding ARINC429 protocol
What makes spiral instability less harmful than Dutch roll?
Why does the U-2 Dragon Lady not have swept wings?
Are there any simulators around to simulate ADS-B data (TIS-B & FIS-B)?
What is the difference between side-by-side vs under-cockpit engine intakes?
Do small civilian aircraft have autopilots?
Which specific version of English are international pilots and ATC required/recommended to learn?
What are these holes at the right front of the ATR72?
Has there ever been a plane with reversed flight controls?
Does Autopilot make planes safer?
How does the nose wheel tire stop rotating on retraction as the aircraft takes off?
Can I stop crop dusters repeatedly flying over my home?
What's a metering fix?
Does the wake from horizontal stabilizers merge with the wing wake?
Apart from Kenya, what are the current dangerous / unsafe airspaces?
Was the miracle on the Hudson saved exclusively by the APU?
How many aircraft and pilots can a part 135 cover?
What would be the stall speed of Solar Impulse?
Why does a plane fly like this?
Is procedure turn considered published approach course?
Can experts identify the model using this part (FOD prevention purposes)?
What is this weird format (R06L/CLRD62) in METAR for runway being cleared?
Does making a mistake mean you lose your cert?
Do aircraft always have the right of way on the ground? Or must they yield to police/fire/ambulance?
A320: Why do SDACs supply all three DMCs?
Why are oxygen requirements based on pressure altitude?
Why was "taxi into position and hold" changed to "line up and wait" in the USA?
How long has the term "situational awareness" been used in aviation?
Does the cannon of the A-10 deliver more thrust than the engines do?
How much fuel is burned to carry the trip fuel?
How high can I fly a kite above my farm?
What is the brace position for cockpit crew?
What are the rules for logging PIC time on an IFR flight plan in mostly VFR conditions with a safety pilot?
Does uncoordinated control affect stall speed?
Is it okay to divert to another airport in IFR lost comms situations?
How to calculate flight time from time at full throttle?
What are the implications of building a private airfield in the United States?
When did airlines start using seat belts for passengers?
Why is EGT decreasing on a jet engine when the generators cut in (take over)?
Are experimental aircraft exempted from the 2 year transponder and avionics checks?
Was the B727's wing supercritical (even if not so designed)?
Why can't helicopters or Zeppelins drop fire-fighting material on burning buildings?
Why does Airbus not display the exact airspeed on the PFD?
Should the route be changed if the GPS RAIM prediction fails?
For the elliptical wing, what is elliptical, and why is drag regularly distributed?
Helicopter crop duster minimum altitude over homes (not field)
Why is Saturday a typical slow day for airlines? Not weekends, but Saturdays?
How do they quickly replace the pylons after a hit during the Red Bull Air Races?
Would biplanes be of use in VSTOL applications? What is the down side to biplanes? ex. Bush Pilots or VSTOL competitions
What is the relationship between your tail number and air traffic control?
Is the number of private pilots increasing or decreasing?
Does every device/software, developed for use in the cockpit, need to be certified?
Why is the use of reverse thrust not considered when calculating accelerate-stop distance on dry runway?
Why aren't plane engines mounted closer to each other or closer to the fuselage to reduce extra forces on the wings?
Is it permissible to log an instrument approach for purposes of IFR currency in a non-IFR certified aircraft?
Why do pilots refer to the Flight Service Stations as "Radio" in the the United States?
What is the procedure for an air traffic controller after a major crash or incident occurs on their watch?
How secure is an airplane on the ground whilst passengers are boarding the aircraft?
Can a helicopter stand on the ground upside down on its rotor head?
Why can't we think of mechanism to save people in case of airplane problem?
What does the area around the fan blades in the engine nacelle contain?
Why would a pilot want to land with less than full flaps?
Is the angle of attack equal to zero when the plane is on the ground with wings level?
Why is the A320 pre pressurised before take-off?
Why does pitot tube freeze at an altitude whose temperature is way below the freezing point?
What does this black triangle placard on board an A320 denote?
Can cellular towers be used to correct INS drift?
Advantages of inverted Delta, straight leading edge?
What's the shape and place of the tip vortex in a propeller, depending on propeller sense of turning?
Should I land a Cessna 172 with or without a little power?
Can an airplane flying above 35,000 feet be heard on the ground?
What is the section of the fuselage below the wings called?
List of Non Tower Airport - World?
How to calculate the performance parameters of an hexacopter (UAV)?
What is the stall speed for the Dassault Rafale?
Is there an indication in the cockpit when the refueling control panel door is open on the ATR72?
What prevents a Machmeter from being the standard airspeed indicator?
What do pilots do, when there is a long wait before take-off, after gates are closed?
Would there be any further restrictions on the Zapata Flyboard Air than current FAA regulations for ultralight aircraft?
what is the mechanism of hydro-mechanical system in power control unit that uses follow up feedback?
Why does the local speed of sound decrease with temperature and not pressure?
Why is a 0 kt, vertical climb in a helicopter not safe near the ground?
What could lead to engine running hot on climb out?
what are the advantages and disadvantages of tilt rotor vs ducted jet engine for a VTOL aircraft?
What is the meaning of the percentage used to describe the thinness of this glider's airfoil?
why do wings have high aspect ratios on commercial airliners?
Can glide ratio be increased with bi-wing configuration?
Why don't transponders send gps coordinates and other important info in addition to altitude and transponder code?
What is the 3 click sound when the autopilot is disconnected on Airbus aircraft?
How do military fighter aircraft identify themselves and each other?
What is the equivalent of Hobbs and Tach in a Jet or Turbine Aircraft?
How can avionics detect tailwind?
How can the Cirrus Vision jet be cheaper than its competition?
Why is it not practical for the USN T-45 to be fitted with oxygen systems used in other trainers?
why do all planes hold position when Air Force 1 is taxiing?
What standard of English are Air Traffic Controllers held to?
Why does Airbus suppress stall warnings in certain situations?
How to programmatically access AIP data, METAR, TAF, NOTAMs?
What is this very distinct humming noise coming from the IAE-V2500 engines of the A320 during taxi?
What are the reasons behind this pusher propeller configuration?
Does 14 CFR 25.1310 apply to hydraulic systems?
Why does the Zapata Flyboard Air UL consume so much more fuel/hr than the Mosquito Air?
What is the APU actually used for?
Does an airfoil in potential flow produce drag?
Other aircraft doesn't apply right of way rules
How is the mass flow between 2 streamlines derived?
Why are downward pointing winglets more efficient?
Are matches in checked baggage a safety problem?
What causes pressure disturbances ahead of the wing?
Can an airline reject a passenger for being overweight?
Does pilot monitoring have authority to go around in exceptional circumstances?
Is it possible to get a purely VFR job with colour blindness?
What are the FAA regs regarding landing a helicopter off airport?
How do instructors simulate instrument failure in basic training aircraft with glass cockpits?
Where can I find a conceptual UML model of airline crewing activities?
What does the "blue" callout mean in the cockpit of an Airbus?
Female aviators
NASA's flying telescope SOFIA — How to find flight plans and real time location?
How to calculate variable pitch propeller parameters?
What would the density profile of this shock wave look like, roughly?
In ARINC 429 where are the bits indicating the hex value of Equipment ID?
Would there be an efficiency advantage to weighing passengers?
What is the purpose of a small wing near the cockpit on the front of some planes?
Is there anywhere one can buy or find plans to build a human powered aircraft?
Should I put yesterday's date for destination date/time on a flight plan if the flight is to go east bound across Zulu +-12 time zone?
Is there any other category of aircraft in the FAA regulations besides 'Ultralight' that does not require pilot licensure?
Is a physical lapel pin awarded for FAA Safety Wings?
Why does a plane shake while passing through clouds?
Would climbing onto fighters placed on display cause damage?
Why is the front section of the Su-30 not aligned with the longitudinal axis of the body?
Is there a way to integrate recorded digital media evidence into a pilot report?
Are there FAA approved infrared night vision devices we could use in case of engine failure at night in IFR conditions?
How does a turbofan with afterburner continue to function in extreme humidity and rain?
How many fuselage skin panels are there for the Challenger 605?
Do I need to use an airfield to take off or land a powered paraglider?
Where are the first two waypoints for runway 4R departures from KBOS?
What is the relationship between "automatic flight control system AFCS", "autopilot", "flight director" and "flight management system FMS"?
How could a light or buzzer on the ground be triggered from an aircraft?
How to calculate the drag on an airfoil from momentum equation (Fundamental of Aerodynamics 5th edition, J.D.Anderson)?
How to fill out IFR flight plan for manned helium balloon flight into class A airspace with no predetermined route or destination and less crew?
How can I calculate the glide time for a B737 with engine failure?
Is it better to shut down the engine(s) or leave it (them) running when a gear up landing is imminent?
Is it a literal hood that's used to simulate IMC?
If unable to procure Helium, are there any regulations against filling lighter than air craft with Hydrogen instead?
If airliners and commercial planes have turbulence, can helicopters have turbulence?
How do you know which fuel an aircraft uses?
What do the yellow lashes/wings on the B737 PFD indicate?
Does lift equal weight in level flight?
Why use different data bus for civil and military avionics?
Are artificial magnetic fields used or proposed to be used to shield high altitude pilots and astronauts from charged, high energy radiation?
How to define pitch angle for a passive variable pitch propeller?
How does leading edge flap increase camber?
Does lift equal weight in a climb?
How can we calculate the benefit gained from taping glider wing roots?
Can Ballistic Parachute Recovery Systems be safely deployed in a storm?
How to properly implement and understand Theodorsen's function?
What happens if I cross the ADIZ line without a flight plan and no clearance or contact with ATC?
Does two-way communication failure include one-way communication failure?
Has anyone ever been penalised for buzzing a control tower?
What are the implications to consider when starting a university Flight Club?
How can a Boeing 747 take off from Princess Juliana 7,546 ft runway?
What follow-up actions, if any, does the FAA take when a pilot declares an emergency in flight?
What does "stuff it in the back right corner" mean?
Is there any technical reason that prevents installation of a jet blast deflector at Princess Juliana airport?
Why the need to use right rudder during stall recovery?
KC-130: What are the four tanks/tube on the wings in between the engines used for?
Is there a difference between an Area Control Center (US) and a Flight Information Region (ICAO)?
how does the shape of the fuselage effect aerodynamics?
If I ferry an aircraft to the United States (from say the UK) is it a commercial or private flight?
What is the minimum recommended cruising altitude to avoid bird strikes?
Could an airliner get better fuel efficiency at higher altitude?
Can I get my IFR practical and oral examinations directly through the FAA if I can't find designated examiner?
Does it really take 9000 feet to recover from a spin in a P-51 Mustang?
What are the biggest challenges for GA airports?
Do commercial jets ever make 360 in the pattern for separation?
Is it possible to revive a pilot who has had a medical condition in a seated position in a small aircraft?
Why does the P-51 Mustang takes so much altitude to recover from a spin?
What is "judgemental oversteering" in taxi procedures?
Are there limitations in US legislation on a US citizen to own a MiG-15 in Europe?
Why is it advised to turn the aileron away from quartering tail-wind during taxiing?
Does a flight training company need to make a copy of my driver's license?
Why is the temperature of the cabin so low during a flight?
Is there a 180HP conversion available for a 2011 160HP Cessna 172R with a Garmin G1000?
How are IAS to CAS conversions calculated?
What are the most significant risks to life for the airline passenger?
Is there a regulation against having uncaged dogs or other animals as passengers on private aircraft?
Does Daylight Saving Time affect the flight time?
What may cause a pitot tube and Honeywell pressure sensor calibration inconsistency?
Can a flight attendant have only one eye?
What happens if Marine One's rotor blades fail?
Do airlines in the US or UK have to pay fuel taxes?
Does the sound barrier apply to a silent aircraft?
How do pilots of big jets determine if they are clear of the runway after landing?
Aircraft lightning: What are the requirements for airworthiness?
Is there a way to get descriptions of great circle routes?
What type of mechanism is used to operate the Embraer EMB 120 front door?
Why do some airports have more than 2 runways, when LHR can get by with 2?
Can a US PPL holder log ASES time in Canada while flying with a local FI?
What constitutes "the lights delineating the runway"?
What is this airplane used for?
Why use different airfoils on the same wing of an aircraft?
Why does the MiG-25 have silver-coated panels?
Where can I find reports of accidents/incindents happened on ground?
How often is QFE set on an altimeter during flight?
What is the difference between a glider and a sailplane?
What is the peak of coffin corner called?
In the US, what can be done at an airport when volunteering hours?
Why don't commercial passenger safety videos ever explain policy instead of merely dictating it?
Is there any flight school that uses jets as part of their training program?
Do pilots need a clearance to go around?
For designing a runway, what are the largest cargo airplanes in use?
What precautions are taken to avoid bird strikes?
Is it appropriate (legal) to request practice instrument approaches in IMC?
Why weren't the Airbus A330 engines designed with a system to stop their fans?
Am I correctly calculating the density altitude?
What does SVC TAR/SSR U/S mean?
What is the maximum fuel amount that fits into the rare Boeing 737-700ER version?
Which engine(s) do airliners taxi with?
How do interceptors communicate with the airplane crew when the radio is dead?
How can you fly at 0kts without stalling?
The condition that wind would effect indicated airspeed
How soon can I start my turn after reaching the missed approach point, when missed approach procedure calls for a climbing turn?
How can pilots use receiver function of VOR during lost comms?
Are airliners' cruising altitudes we know indicated or true altitudes?
Since when are ground-based starting devices no longer in common use? Are there any jetliners flying that would still require them?
Where is the landing distance for seaplanes specified?
Do pilots know which heading to fly in case of a go around?
What is the purpose of aileron droop used in some commercial airliners?
Does anyone know what this set of aviation wings signifies?
Why are many runways used just for departures/arrivals?
How much FOD hazard can a Styrofoam drink cup pose?
Is there a "pounds per hour" reading that could have signaled the fuel leak to the pilots of Air Transat 236?
When is flotation gear legally required for pilots and passengers on a non-commercial flight in a small airplane over water?
What do you need to know to fly a Cessna?
Do airliners stall first at the wing tip?
How long can an average aerobatic plane sustain 0g?
Where can I find the full report of this controlled F-4 fighter jet impact?
What are the effects of an increase in altitude upon ESHP of a turboprop engine?
Is it legal for a balloon to land at a US international airport?
Can I become a Commercial Pilot if I had OCD?
What are ATC's considerations when they instruct to intercept final approach course instead of simply clearing for approach?
What is the CPIOM in the IMA?
Why do military pilots report "gear down" during their traffic calls?
Do any airlines publish their policy on CRM / Do Not Pair?
What is this three-bladed vintage aircraft?
Does zero-lift angle of attack depend on Reynolds number?
How long should I wait after I've gotten off my OCD medication to consult an aviation medical examiner?
Can a supersonic aircraft have winglets?
Why are there no 4-winged airplanes?
What permissions or approval are needed to land in Antarctica?
Why do jet engine fan blades have a twisted shape?
Is there a landing gear system that extends automatically to prevent belly landing?
What's the idea behind leaving control of slats and flaps to pilots in autopilot?
Supersonic aircraft desire features
Why choose to ditch in the sea over bailing out?
In lost comms situations, when and where do the pilots of big commercial jets expect to get green light from tower?
Why use an airplane with non-retractable landing gear for aerobatics?
Is it ever permissible to takeoff on an aircraft heavier than its MTOW?
What are the Takeoff Minimums for aircraft operating under Part 91?
What causes Mach No. to increase with altitude at a constant cost index?
how does recovering a plane from stall lead to exceeding the critical mach speed?
Why doesn't the autobrakes and ground spoilers deploy on the A320 if the speed is below 72 knots?
Why are brake temperature limitations lower when the brake fans are running?
Is there no warning if landing gear is not retracted during flight?
What defines a landing gear bogie?
When departing IFR, when do I switch from Tower to Departure?
How close can planes fly to each other over the ocean?
Why did the F-104 Starfighter have a T-tail?
Has anyone researched or built an aircraft that controls pitch and roll by pumping liquid within the airframe?
What is the physical definition of turbulence?
Does the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) provide real-time data feeds and is there a delay?
How to find trim condition of a sectional airfoil without knowing the angle of attack?
What is the glide ratio of a DA42?
Are there known cases of an airline pilot's becoming incapacitated, while in command of the aircraft, during a critical flight phase?
Is there a KPI to measure average hours flown?
Are there benefits in training instrument students how to fly a DME arc?
Where can I find the NTSB order for Administrator v. Walkup and/or v. Hamre?
How to decide which aerodromes should have Electronic Terrain and Obstacle Data?
What are the requirements for a foreigner to become an Air Traffic Controller in Sweden?
What are good alternatives to sunglasses for flying?
How many active pilots are there in the US? How many are women?
How can I legally land VFR in class D airspace with low and few clouds?
Where can I get full audio cockpit recordings of all four flights involved in the 9/11 attacks?
Why are 4 blade propellers often in X or + position when the aircraft is parked?
What is the significance of the "date designation expires" on a temporary airman certificate?
At what age does a regularly maintained airframe most commonly start needing frequent repairs?
Is it legal for a crop duster to fly right over my house while spraying?
Is this blended wing body trijet airliner real?
What's an estimate for the cost of the cockpit technology on a 747 or 777?
Who bears responsibility when an aircraft takes off from the wrong runway?
In a constant speed propeller, why does the RPM drop with a prop pitch increase?
What are the considerations for landing on ice runways?
Is it possible to re-engine aircraft with different engine options?
Do the A380 ailerons act as air brakes on landing?
Would winglets add fuel efficiency on a Concorde?
Why can't this blended wing body trijet airliner fly?
Can you operate regular commercial flights from an airport that is uncharted and not in the national AIP?
Is Autopilot engaged when an engine failure above V1 occurs on modern airliners?
How are the frequency pairings for localizer and glideslope decided?
How can you tell what position the flaps are in whilst on a commercial aircraft?
Is there a rule-of-thumb for estimating distance to an aeroplane?
Is there an analytical description of the NACA 642-015A profile?
Is there a NOTAM code for solar eclipse?
Are warbirds allowed to use afterburners?
How to draw NACA 6-Series Airfoils?
Would a helicopter with the blades on the bottom fly the same, if at all?
Do military jets' radar jammers block their own radar? And, if not, why not?
How do subjective experiences in the airliner cabin correlate with meteorological conditions?
Why are bird strikes on approach or landing not as common as on takeoff?
How small can turbojet engines be made whilst remaining fuel efficient, light, cheap, and producing enough thrust to carry a human, gas, and casing?
How are fuel tanks tested and certified?
Why do helicopters typically have blades at the top?
Do airlines require aptitude tests or other similar tests for new pilots?
What is the physical scale of the turbulence that affects large passenger planes?
How does the modulation of the transponder work?
How do I execute this instrument approach at Larnaca (LCLK)?
Is it safe to fly on airplane with lithium batteries in cargo hold?
What does the code FU1FU2FU5 mean in this metar?
Does a Boeing 737-800 Have a Ram Air Turbine (RAT)?
Why is an ATC operational error called a "deal"?
Alphanumeric flight identification in flight plan
Can light aircrafts with no retractable landing gear make an emergency water landing?
Can a pilot rated in one category solo in another category without a current flight review?
How far from a taxiway, can a walking or biking trail be built?
What is the reason to have LOC/VNAV landing method?
Can a lifting body work at supersonic speeds?
Is there AOG liability?
Which country started the tradition of naming aircraft?
What level of information does a PIC have about a missile crossing their aircraft route?
What responsibility does a pilot have for people on the ground when making an emergency landing?
How are special flight paths coordinated with ATC?
Do promotional flight routes have a historical precedent?
Should an emergency field landing be performed with landing gear down or up?
How are METARs published?
Are GPS airspeed meter and altimeter going to replace traditional measurements?
Why are fuel tanks in the wings filled first, and why are they used last?
Measuring speed and altitude from personal phone midflight
How common is engine failure?
What's the benefit of this long flight (apart from marketing)?
Would fuel quantity indications be affected by extended flight at nonzero bank angles?
In what conditions do airline pilots favor crabbing over de-crabbing for crosswind landings?
What's the point of separating the Alternator and Battery switches?
Is a certificated pilot considered to be a student pilot when training in a new category or class?
Is a fly-by tower legal for civilians not during a show?
What is the difference between a nautical mile and a statute mile? And what is a knot?
What is "50 ft obstacle climbing speed"?
Why does Turkish airlines still fly over Iraq, is it safe?
What is this plane and what are the rockets on the back used for?
How do the engines of a multi-engine airplane shut down after fuel starvation?
What prevents miltiary jets and turbo-props from being refitted with a turbofan?
When to log time as PIC, Dual or Co-Pilot?
How could aerodynamicists reduce the intensity of the sonic boom?
What model of aircraft is this?
How often are drop tanks actually dropped?
Viability of Magnetically started engines
How are aviation sectionals and enroute charts created?
Can a jet engine benefit from nitrous oxide boost?
How are multiple frequencies monitored at once?
Does a type rating give a person the privileges of an instrument rating in any category or class of aircraft which he/she is certificated in?
What's exact offset degree dividing localizer and LDA?
What causes a slight increases in indicated stall speed with altitude?
Are the Airport Operational Databases at major airports in the US available to the public?
Can I take friends flying with a private pilot glider license?
Can one fly up side down while a glass of water keeps full due to g-forces?
Which regulation requires me to report entering a hold?
Why do some companies perform their freight flights only during the night?
Can a controller clear you through an SFRA?
How do I get a Special Issuance?
Is there a way for an aircraft to tell a ground station when the gear is down?
Are there cases of aircraft moved off runway by pushing them with vehicles?
How do seaplanes do run-up checks without brakes?
How much does it cost to add a glider rating to a PPL?
What can I learn before I actually go to flight school (Austria)?
Could an aircraft like a Boeing 777 take off with flaps fully deployed?
Are there any regulations on who can sit next to emergency exits?
What was enabling control to the pilot on the Snecma C-450 Coléoptère?
What are the reasons behind switching FDs off for a VOR approach?
Why is it forbidden to wear glasses when leaving the plane during an emergency?
How much snow can cover a runway while still allowing commercial airliners to land safely?
What navigational aid(s) would WWII bomber pilots have used while flying in instrument conditions?
Why does indicated airspeed change with altitude?
How can an airplane keep going forward if it has no thrust?
What do the gyroscopes used in commercial aircraft actually look like?
Do you need a commercial certificate to fly unpaid for a non-pilot owner?
How can I check that the GPS receiver is sending data to the transponder?
What is typical thrust to braking force ratio for a passenger airliner?
Are larger aircraft inherently better-suited to long-distance flights?
What is "Bird Strike Speed"?
Can you report a crash landing on an emergency frequency even if you are not at the airport?
ATC interruptions, when is it okay/overlooked?
Drop the rope or drag the rope?
What's a TRA and how does it differ from a TFR?
Why aren't the CVR and FDR required to store data for a longer period?
Why doesn't ATC use a unified frequency for the same control area?
Why is a TFR issued when barometric pressure exceeds 31.00 InHg?
Can different departure procedures have different transition altitudes at the same aerodrome?
What is the typical blade pitch angle of a ram air turbine?
What regulations are in place for ultralight vehicles flying over US national parks?
Why are the transition altitudes/levels different around the World?
Sonic boom impediment to hypersonic passenger flight
How can I estimate Roll from Position?
Does a history of social anxiety significantly damage commercial pilot career prospects?
Where can I find the flight path data for the Russian spy plane that flew over the US on 9 Aug 2017?
How to compute quaternions from raw IMU and magnetometer data?
What aircraft has this pattern of white strobe lights?
What is the optimum viewing angle to search for something on the ground from the air?
Is it possible to hear a sonic boom when the aircraft is exactly at Mach one?
Strange plane-shaped object at UK airport
What is this yellow section around the cockpit window?
Is it possible to estimate airspeed on top and bottom sides of a wing at zero angle of attack?
What is the procedure to contact EASA to evaluate the certifiability of a system?
Why is there a GPS/RNAV waypoint co-located with a VOR?
Is possible to do a private pilot license training and check-ride on a Light Sport Aircraft?
Why does ATC ask emergency aircraft about fuel on board?
Third Class medical license, what changed, if anything?
On average, how often (in flight hours) will a pilot face an emergency situation?
Why the safety of airplanes have not been developed long time ago?
What is the purpose of a wing Yehudi?
landing with east to west wind on runway 11/29
If no low-speed compromises were made, what would an ideal Mach-3 wing look like?
Is the A320 family allowed to take off with the flaps retracted?
Why does ATC ask a crew who has declared an emergency if their aircraft will be overweight when landing?
What performance issues/symptoms can a pilot expect while taking off above MTOW?
Why did some Caravelles have a very long dorsal fin?
How do military radars detect the type of an aircraft?
Why do airlines park their planes out in the middle and ferry passengers to the terminal by bus, even during non-peak hours?
How are disabled passengers evacuated during emergency?
How were pilots selected and trained before the introduction of simulators?
Why doesn't EVA Air BR087 (Taipei to Paris) follow the shortest path?
Advertising During Eclipse
Are retired airline pilots allowed and able to help in an emergency situation?
What is this "Micro T-tail" on the F-102?
What drives the design decision of where to place the refueling receptacle?
How do I calculate the normal component of the velocity at the midpoint of a source straight panel?
Why is *vertical* autorotation in a helicopter not recommended?
What is this old US Army Air Corps plane?
Is a monobloc variable incidence wing viable (updated)?
What does aileron droop help to do?
Do flying boats carry anchors?
What is the longevity and replacement schedule for turbine engine blades?
Why does the US Marines continue to fly the AH-1 Cobra, retired by the US Army in the late 90s?
How does the FAA BasicMed affect the safety pilot for somebody flying under the hood?
Is it possible to get a list of flights at a specific geographic location and specific time?
What fraction of air intake becomes bleed air in airliner engines?
Is fuel moved around during flight on a passenger or cargo plane? If so why?
What are the common private pilot practices for helicopter off-airport landing in US?
Can an instructor sign off for my check ride if I didn't fly with him since a year?
What is the pressure on the pressure side in relation to the freestream?
How much bigger could you realistically make the Antonov 225?
How are wood and canvas wings able to sustain damp and bad weather?
Why is radio communication still used?
How high does the ground effect last?
Why is vortex state impossible in autorotation?
How to locate the coordinates of the Center of Gravity of an airfoil?
What is this flying boat being restored at the Udvar Hazy Center?
What counts towards the 250 hours required for CPL?
RWY designation
How do I select an appropriate controller gain for this roll control autopilot?
What would the pros and cons be of this 'zig-zagged' high-sweep wing planform?
Is it practical to use ground effect to extend range in an emergency?
Determination of a Joukowski airfoil chord (demonstration)
When do you contact ATC when departing from a non-towered airport into class D controlled airspace?
When do you contact ATC when departing from a non-towered airport into class B controlled airspace?
Who logs Pilot-in-Command time with all automation, autopilot, auto throttle, FMS, Autoland doing the flying?
Can you get cheaper insurance with more experience?
Are planes assigned different climb angles from the airport by the tower?
How should these translated takeoff and climb settings be interpreted?
How do I make a simple model to simulate a banked turn?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of elevons?
Why can't we use APU bleed air for wing anti ice on the A320?
Can new technology help planes dodge turbulence?
How do I track my airplane?
What kind of low pressure causes abnormal RPM variations?
Why are the controls of transport category aircraft much heavier than light aircraft?
Is there something like a table of aircraft required runway lengths?
How do the uninterrupted and interrupted flaps compare?
Do high-speed ailerons help with the roll rate control in non-FBW?
Can I join the Navy after a corrective eye surgery and still be a Naval Aviator?
What does the 'hp' rating actually signify, with respect to an aircraft engine?
Why are empty pylons weighed down?
What's the use of so much torque on propellers?
Why is the takeoff decision point based only on speed and not time or distance?
How does VDL relate to ACARS and CPDLC?
What fuel would a Bell Huey helicopter use in 1964?
Can I get a FAA medical certificate and apply in an Indian airline?
Can I get a DGCA medical certificate while wearing ortho- k lenses?
Does this formula hold true for a source sheet covering a closed body of arbitrary shape?
Can a pilot use glasses to meet the FAA required 20/20 vision?
Has Jeppesen announced plans to stop supporting the Microsoft platform for Flight Deck Pro?
Why are the stabilised approach criteria different for an instrument approach and a visual approach?
Is ultrasonic noise from small turbines painful to pets?
How frequent are unpublished holding patterns outside general aviation?
How does changing the altimeter setting in the US and elsewhere compare?
Can pilots wear glasses/corrective lenses inside the cockpit?
What was the first monoplane airliner with a full cantilever wing (no struts)?
What Inertial effects should be considered to achieve blade stability on a Variable Pitch Propeller tailoredby aerodynamic loads?
What was the first commercial scheduled flight to Australia from another continent (except Asia)?
Are peer-to-peer communications feasible between aircraft?
Do propellers generate static electricity in flight and how is that handled?
What can disqualify an airport to be used as an alternate?
Does the DC-3 have a prop sync?
Why did the DC-3 have wing sweep?
Why on weather surface charts high pressure is blue and low pressure is red?
What is the operating temperature of a turbo bypass engine, and how is it kept at that temperature?
What is the best distance glider that can carry a 200 lb load?
What would be the best alternative during a dead-stick approach?
Which civil airport has the longest runways in total?
How to decode this METAR published during huricane Harvey?
What aircraft is this flying near Greenford?
What is the effect of flow separation on lift, pressure distribution and drag?
What qualifications or training allow a test pilot to fly a new aircraft?
Can the iPad use GPS data from a Garmin aera 660?
What is the explanation of the apparent staining inside this airliner window [photo]?
Why is it, with less airflow, you'll have less control effectiveness?
What is the largest aircraft (by max takeoff weight) in which all engines are in the tail?
Is there a physical argument for the Kutta-Joukowski theorem?
Why is it not recommended to hold the nose up on the A320 after touchdown?
Where is the toilet smoke detection indication displayed for a B777-200/300?
What is the meaning of the triangular markings in the A320 cabin?
How are the navaids that are on the airport ground powered?
Were there ever instrument approach procedures utilizing only Four Course Range Navigation?
Are there any helicopters with ejection seats?
How autonomous are commercial passenger airliners?
What do the abbreviations on this Jeppesen Dataplan mean?
Why wouldn't a helicopter ejection seat eject sideways? Or forwards?
How does the Mil Mi-35M compare to the Boeing AH-64D Apache?
What are the benefits of a non-orthogonal (scissor) tail-rotor?
Do today's aircraft still have INS (inertial navigation system)?
Is there a limit for which vision can be corrected to 20/20 vision for being a pilot?
How do GFRP and CFRP compare?
Why do many large turbofans have a gap (of turbine blades) between the LP turbine and HP turbine?
Where does the gate drop-off bagage go?
Is the phraseology in the early portion of the movie The Net realistic?
How dangerous would it be to take off at night with no ATC, no runway lighting system and have a single engine working?
How do you check for soft or muddy ground on a backcountry landing?
What does it mean when ATC says climb maintain 7000, block 8000?
Can an issued landing clearance be replaced with "continue approach"?
Does weight affect the fuel burn calculations in a light GA airplane?
Is it okay to use magnetized tools on airplanes?
Why don't airplane piston engines have mufflers?
Why do No Tail Rotor (NOTAR) helicopters use an enclosed variable pitch fan?
On the A320, why is it not recommended to use the HP ground unit when the APU Bleed is on?
Will manually removing nicks from compressor blades significantly affect the operation of the compressor?
How is the moment due to pressure distribution calculated?
Can helicopter or aircraft intro flight hours count towards a private pilot license?
What aerodynamic characteristics arise from trailing edge sweep angle?
Can a transonic airfoil have two shock waves?
How does PF or "pilot flying" and PNF or "pilot not flying" affect logging?
Is TGA analysis required for composites used in low speed subsonic aircraft?
Can you identify this aircraft photographed during solar eclipse 8/21/2017?
Under which conditions is full rated power instead of METO power required for takeoff (DC-3/C-47 with Pratt&Whitney 1830 twin wasp engines)?
What is the worlds shortest runway for FAR 23 commuter type aircraft?
Does throttle control altitude and yoke control airspeed?
Is there an ATC radio backup?
Do (or can) pilots observe religious fasts when flying?
Is it feasible to recuperate energy from landing aircraft by using a runway sled with regenerative braking?
Why does wake turbulence seem to move upward on touchdown?
What are the specifications of the General Electric J85 engine compressor?
Is it possible to calculate the distance to climb to 1000 Ft in Cessna 172S?
Why is there a grid below the antennas of an VOR?
Why do turbofan jets fly faster in cold weather?
What is breaking away/peeling off in military lingo?
What do I need to know to design contra rotating propellers for a powered paraglider?
What are the reasons for the particular range of VHF and UHF frequencies?
Are there turbofan/turbojet analogues to a centrifugal-compressing jet engine?
How is the zero-lift drag coefficient calculated?
Were there any test flying incidents during which the pilots managed to escape the plane?
Do modern airplane controls provide force feedback of external forces on the control surfaces?
What is the smallest aircraft to have a CVR / FDR?
What restrictions are there to building a tower near a private airstrip?
What is the minimum number of engines required for taxiing an airliner?
What are the performance adjustments for a Beechcraft B1900D on a wet runway?
Is there a height limit to national airspace?
Why aren't the passenger seats designed as jump seats (foldable) in commercial airlines?
Turbo-fan idle at high speeds, will air speed up fan speed?
What's the red light in the left wing of a N.A. T-6 for?
How does a pilot tell passengers to prepare for severe turbulence without causing panic?
Listening to KSEA, what does orange, green, or blue line mean?
Where to find a 1983 NTSB report of a R-22 clutch failure?
Where is the generator in a large turbofan of a commercial airliner?
What is the Fuel-Oxygen ratio for a large turbofan at cruise conditions?
Can normal PC headsets replace 'aviation' headsets?
How are aircraft lifespans tracked?
Will a stalled aircraft fall down like a brick? Or how steep does the Lift-AoA curve fall off after stall?
Boeing 787 type rating
How to trim in level flight when speed increases?
What are the lateral limits of Class D airspace in the USA?
How will the altimeter read in air colder than ISA?
Are there any methods to predict the location of a jet aircraft from its sound?
What happens to the pressure and density of air passing through shock waves?
How much electrical power does one generator produce on a large turbofan?
Why is Heraklion airport a 'captains only' airport?
How to design the blade twist angle in propeller design?
What is the clearance between a fan blade and the nacelle?
How are flaps controlled?
How is a lead acid battery and a Ni-Cd battery charged on an aircraft?
How to demonstrate that an elliptical circulation distribution can be induced by an elliptical chord distribution?
How should the VFR Cruising Altitudes (FAR 91.159) be applied over rising terrain?
Where can I get information about the FAA "restricted like" license to fly a N aircraft in Italy / Europe?
In a turbofan, why are there no stators behind the fan?
Why do large turbofans generally have many more LP turbine stages than HP turbine stages?
Why would there be flight restrictions when the barometric pressure exceeds 31 inHg?
What materials are used to build a military runway?
Why does a steeper approach cause an increased landing rollout?
How did ATC procedures and airspace structure change after San Diego PSA collision?
How much operating documentation is produced for an airliner by the manufacturer?
How are the compressor and turbine disks connected?
On the A320 why do we follow this particular sequence of taking flaps and gear?
How much weight does a thrust reverser add?
How much does a drag chute system weight?
What would be the drawbacks of using a rotating engine as thrust reverser on airliners?
Would it be viable to use jet blast deflectors as a power source?
How to identify the FAP in runway during Landing?
Is a night VFR rating a prerequisite for an EASA CPL?
What are the following documents about aircraft maintenance?
Is the aircraft used by NOAA specially modified?
What problems do you start run into when an aircraft is disproportionally long?
Can I model propellers used in electric aircraft the same way as I model RC quadcopter drones?
Is this paper's description of ATC services over the internet actually practical?
What is the correlation between RNP level and the CDI indication?
Does FAA or EASA has any requirement for Supervised Take off and Landing?
How to calculate the real Ground Speed from True Air Speed?
Does being cleared for a visual approach supersede speed instructions from ATC? (FAA)
How does a turboprop engine keep running during thrust reversal?
Where is the aerodynamic center for an A320?
Is data approval by DER/DAR still required under new FAR part 23?
How to calculate normal takeoff ground roll when the POH only has Short Field Takeoff tables?
What would happen if I had a type rating for an Airbus A320 and applied for an airline that has an A320 and other aircraft?
Can wing clouds caused by a high angle of attack be recreated in a lab? Also, why doesn't this work for smaller wings (e.g. r/c planes)
What will happen if we start the A320 engines but we don't wait for the amber crosses on the E/WD to disappear?
Why are yaw rate and pitch rate obtained by these equations?
Can anyone identify this aircraft in the AMARG area of Davis Monthan?
Is it possible for me to work at NASA or other research companies as aircraft mechanic?
Why has Boeing used mini winglets on the 737-200?
What is the purpose of having a robotic arm fly a Boeing 737?
Is there any instrument similar to a compass but which I can electrically drive?
What does a 10nm/20nm circle on instrument approach charts mean?
What is the best extinguishing agent when wheels catch on fire?
Is it possible to obtain the lift and drag coefficients of a 3D body in ANSYS Fluent?
Is a helicopter ride unsafe for young children?
Why are thermal switches connected in parallel to each others?
How much does it cost if someone falls ill before take-off?
What are the adverse effects of keeping the PACKs on the A320 running with the LP air conditioning unit connected?
What does runaway failure mean (position difference between APPU and FPPU) on A320?
What's the precise meaning of "landing south (north, east, west)" in STARs?
Are there typical values of pitot-static and TAT probe measurement uncertainties?
Bypass ducts and spinning blades
Why can't the flex temperature be lower than Tref? Also why can't we perform a flex takeoff on a contaminated runway?
What's the purpose of depiction of visual flight track on some Jeppesen approach charts?
How much air is recirculated (vs. bleed air injected) in modern airliners cabin?
What calculations are needed for counter-weight balancing on a propeller?
How does the FOVE system work with the Airbus FMS?
Is there a software to calculate parameters from certain inputs on a flying wing?
How to become a expert in Flight Operations Business? (Flight Dispatch, Weight and Balance etc.. )
Do you have to worry about airborne disease on an international air flight?
Why are the cabin inner windows so flexible?
Are there certification requirements on Dual Inputs?
What regulations apply to flying near blasting areas in Canada?
If cabin lights are dimmed during night landing so that your eyes will get used to the darkness, why do they let you use the reading lights?
Explain how the infrared flame detector work?
What are the disadvantages (if any) of using a supercritical airfoil?
Do the four engines of a BAe-146 make it efficient?
How are underground fuel pipes monitored for leakage?
Why aren't auto-pilot systems used on helicopters to make them trivially easy to fly?
Was it possible to land a Boeing 707 with 300 feet cloud ceiling in the 70s?
How are spacecraft and aircraft traffic coordinated?
What are the lateral sensitivities of GPS approaches?
What does the term "white-scarf Air Force" mean?
How do electric carbon monoxide detectors work?
What kind of cable is used to transmit signal from flight control computers to actuators?
In air return flight?
Do airliners perform a dive maneuver to reduce altitude
How was the rotation direction decided for single engine propeller craft?
What are the differences between an EASA part-66 license and FAA A&P Aircraft Mechanic License?
What kind of batteries are allowed to be transported?
How should a helicopter pilot react after V-belt breaking?
Why aren't there any single turbofan airliner?
Do airline pilots use this high-speed, high-drag technique for losing altitude?
Why are aircraft tires not pre-spun prior to landing?
For a plane with a pusher propeller, how does a root-stalled wing affect its performance?
How can I get back up into flying after not flying for over 20 years?
Is there any class G airspace that extends to 14,500 MSL?
What's the pattern of airflow over the airfoil at high angle of attack?
What are the differences between FADEC and EEC systems?
Would a wireless fly by wire system be practical?
How did the gyro gunsights of WW2 get the range and lead of a target?
Is there a use scenario for the Detote value?
Is it normal practice to use 25 degrees of flaps when taking off at max weight in a PA-28-181?
What is the call for when an enemy air-to-air missile has been fired?
Do modern airliners have a flaps warning indication?
Is reducing V1 a viable option for pilots when the ASDA is shorter than the ASDR?
What makes V1 one or two knots less than Vr on this performance table?
How to extract the interrogator ID from a DF11 message?
How low can a helicopter fly over the water with boats below?
Is ADS-B UAT required below 18,000 ft for ADS-B ES equipped aircraft?
When must full aircraft registration be used as radio callsign?
Where do I find a complete Volmet frequencies list for Europe?
What exactly is considered "instrument time" for an instrument rating?
Can you become a CFI with only a PPL (EASA)?
How is spilled fuel cleaned up at airports?
Can the touchdown RVR be replaced by the midpoint or rollout RVR?
Why does MAP show ambient pressure when engine is shut off?
Are ATCs required to notify pilots when they use MVAs?
How do the linearised equations of motion work?
What is the maximum speed for regulation of sonic boom noise?
How do I calculate propeller effects on pitching moment?
Aclad sheet metal P/N 22024T3
Why are there different starter limitations for dry cranking and manual start on the A320?
How is the emergency locator transmitter of the A320 fixed, activated and carried away?
Has there ever been a seaplane with inflatable airbags rather than traditional pontoons?
At what speed will a flat iron square of 10 sq meters fall at every second if dropped from a height of 10 meters?
Is it possible to get a medical certificate from Canada and a pilot license in America?
Is water a possible fuel for jet engines?
What is the expected time frame for FAA knowledge test results to show up in IACRA?
Can a helicopter like the R44 be lifted up by his rotor head?
Can commercial airliners fly over central Antarctica during winter?
Are agricultural pilots allowed to use a highway as a runway?
Where does the final approach begin if the glide slope is intercepted at an altitude above that depicted on the approach chart?
What does this plus (cross) sign on this electrical panel mean?
Is there an engine database that would include information on number of HPT blades per engine?
What is the difference between fail-safe and fail-soft?
What does "redatum" means?
Is it possible to determine a rotation speed (Vr) using other known V-Speeds?
Why would smoke enter the cabin if the batteries are switched off before the APU flap closes?
I need to know how to calculate drift with a Jeppessen CR-3. Can someone help?
How do I convert my FAA PPL to the equivalent in the UK / Europe?
How do changes in certification requirements affect previous type certificates?
In a piston aircraft, how much noise is generated by the engine, and how much by the propeller?
Can the Apache detect infrared (IR) lock?
Where to find the various cargo hold dimensions and volumes of transport aircraft, such as the A330-300?
Can this design provide more lift force than thrust from engine?
What was the takeoff run distance of a Fw 200 Condor bomber/transport?
What were the safety recommendations following the Aeroperú Flight 603 crash?
Do airliners use light alloy wheels, like cars do?
Is hypersonic flight possible with a Busemann's Biplane?
How does a fixed-pitch propeller changes the blade's angle of attack?
What happens to en route flights when a major earthquake etc. destroys facilities?
How does 220 kN of engine thrust create the 700 kN required to maintain the altitude of an A320?
Why did the pilot flying pull back in the moments after the auto-pilot disconnected on AF447?
What are the WAAS requirements for RNAV (GPS) approaches?
When should I start turning in this circling approach?
What's the difference between 'Go Around' and 'Pull Up'?
How to convert IAS/CAS to TAS up to Mach 3?
How can a crew be warned of "Clear Air Turbulence" during the flight?
What is the largest plane ever to have been stolen by a single pilot?
How to request to fly on a flight level, different from the direction, according to the charts?
How are AFTN costs charged to ANSP's and Airspace Users?
Where can I find the roster formats of various airlines?
How does the flap configuration affect the tailstrike limit?
Can you fly direct to your destination if you can cruise above FL450 regardless of airways?
What is the smallest manned aircraft with four engines?
Do concurrent operations on a single runway occur anywhere else besides AirVenture?
Can a UAV over 55lbs legally fly 20 miles off the US coast?
What is the geoid undulation used for in aviation?
Why does the wing root of the A330 have a pronounced twist?
Can passengers use headphones during takeoff and landing?
How to communicate a circling approach over CTAF?
Is 'make small one turn' a standard phrase?
What is the difference between a shock wave and an expansion wave?
Why can the A320 VAPP be decreased down to VLS?
What non-precision approach in the US has the longest segment at MDA?
What ground-based, airline job in the 1940s could have involved radio communications?
What does the pressure distribution over a glider's wing look like?
Has there even been a case of pilot incapacitation due to food poisoning?
What is the CDSU for a governor with magnetic trim?
Why do some countries separate a transition level and a transition altitude?
Are there rules about using the "Fasten seatbelt" sign outside of take-off/landing/turbulence?
How do I choose the correct airfoil for my UAV project?
Why is a clock required to be mounted on the instrument panel for IFR flights?
What is the ASTERIX terminology for an atomic piece of information?
What does this A320 FCTM quote about cold weather and non-precision approaches mean?
How are large cargo aircraft loaded at airports?
Is there a radio frequency that is sure to be quiet?
What, exactly, is a "co-pilot"?
How to calculate the best climb rate and glide rate?
What could reasonably be done in case 7,500 airplanes must be landed quickly?
What's the pilot's typical reaction time to co-pilot's callouts?
How to calculate the amount of thrust of a autogyro during auto rotation?
Can a pilot change out of uniform during breaks on a long flight?
How does the range of a single- and twin-engine for small aircraft compare?
Is it easier to take off against the wind or with it?
Is it legal to board a plane dressed like a flight crew member if you are not a crew member?
Is delta wing design on a fighter a compromise?
How does the thickness of a wing affect its aspect ratio?
Why do the elliptical and the rectangular wing show different aerodynamic efficiency?
How loud is a private corporate jet?
Why are airplanes described as the safest method of transportation?
Is there a specific formula or way to calculate flex temperature for an Airbus A320?
Is there a list of accidents due to poor communication in English?
How does the forward speed of an auto-gyro relate to the rotation speed of the rotor during auto-rotation?
Why are the center tank pumps deactivated when slats are extended on the A320?
Is flow turning different from the Magnus Effect? If so, how?
Why does lower atmospheric pressure produce higher EPR (thrust)?
Are there regulations for unmanned aerial systems avionics?
Does an increase in inlet temperature affect fuel flow and power output?
Will helicopter control inputs be reversed because of precession if the fuselage starts a rapid spin?
In the rare event that the U.S. DOD shuts off the GPS, what's the alternative?
What name is given to an abeam waypoint in the FMS?
Is there any civil aircraft that decelerates with a parachute?
Is there a local UAS code database?
To what extent does pressurisation increase the rigidity of an airframe?
Ducted Fan vs Open Propeller Efficiency
Can I log any PIC time if my medical certificate is out of date and I haven't flown in 20 years?
How does the U.S. Overflight Fee system work?
What is the link OR difference between change in momentum & pressure difference?
Can anyone explain why and how flames shot out of an F/A-18 as it crashed?
What's exactly meant by the "slippery when wet" report on ATIS?
How and where is the ILS Glide Slope DDM to dots conversion defined?
Won't sonic booms prevent Space X's BFR intercity transport plan from being acceptable?
Does the extension of trailing edge flaps increase or decrease the critical angle of attack?
What are these 4 red spots on the A-10?
How does the extension of inboard flaps raise the effective critical angle of attack of the outer wing?
Controllability vs. Stability in PHAK. Is it an error?
Are tracked landing gear systems still in use and development?
Do air-driven gyroscopic instruments suffer from icing or any blockage of filter?
Does turbulent flow have boundary layer ? Does separated flow have boundary layer?
How to find the measurement of how far Tail plane to Center of gravity of the aircraft?
Can a VTOL jet such as the Harrier enter a Vortex Ring State?
Were WW2 American fighters designed to operate from dirt airstrips?
What does the solid black star symbol on this VNC chart mean?
Can heat from the engine inlet be used to produce thrust?
How does switching off pumps and putting on MAN switch resolve low pressure?
Is there any reason spoilers would deploy just after liftoff?
Would an ASTERIX decoder be "radar data processing" or "surveillance data processing"?
How can I calculate stall speed using foilsim?
What is the lift to empty weight ratio of some popular modern helicopters?
What prevents someone from hijacking a radio frequency mid-air?
Which country would employ foreign air traffic controllers?
What prevents companies like Cessna and Piper from connecting multiple alternators to a single engine?
Temperature of airplane while flying?
What are the main differences between Flares and Chaff?
How the antenna on the B737 Max fuselage doesn't disrupt the airflow?
HSI KG 525 PNI non slaved or only slaved?
How many antennae are there on a typical small aircraft, and how are they connected to the avionics?
Why don't airlines install Faraday cages in their planes?
How can I troubleshoot an intercom interference issue in a Piper PA-28?
Does having a halo effect after LASIK disqualify you from being a pilot for the Air Force or commercial pilot?
Who first coined the phrase "aviate, navigate, communicate"?
Which one has a higher success rate between Infrared homing and Radar homing missiles, for air to air combat?
What's the relationship between drag divergence Mach number and maximum operating limit Mach number?
Is it allowed to operate an aircraft when the Emergency Locator Transmitter has been removed?
Why did the CAA not use Monarch aircraft to repatriate stranded Monarch passengers?
How does an engine driven vacuum pump used in gyroscopic instrument work?
Does contra-rotating vs regular propellers, have any effect on icing?
Do UAVs use ground-based navaids?
Is it correct to say "the up-elevator position decreases the camber of the elevator"?
What good reference books for aviation (ATC & AOC) systems are there?
What is the voltage and amps on the transformer rectifier?
How dissimilar are redundant flight control computers?
What happens when the velocity of the lower surface of the airfoil is lower than the velocity of the free stream?
Is there a Non Directional Beacon(NDB) morse code sound database?
Do the ICAO and IATA codes for an airport ever change?
Is it allowed to use an ex-military aircraft overseas?
Drag coefficient and lift coefficient
When is the use of reverse thrust recommended in airline operations?
What would escorting an airliner which is the subject of a security threat by fighter jets achieve?
What are these "F,S,O" characteristic speeds?
What's the name of the runway equipment referred to in this video?
Why would one wing stall before the other?
What are the FAA regulations on lighting for ultralight vehicles?
What would happen when a pilot receives a message about Dead Reckoning Fault?
How exactly does a pilot engage the autopilot?
Why stall on 2D faster than 3D?
How do I say these situations, according to the runway's status?
How does an auto-pilot control altitude changes?
Is there an FAA-published handbook for Aviation Physiology?
Callsign includes the term 'with Kilo' ; What does that signify?
How are IRUs and AHRSs different in terms of their functions?
Long pole on the tail of a Cessna, what could it be?
What materials are used for aircraft windshields?
Why have different flights with the same flight number?
Is a destination airport necessary for cross-country VFR departure clearance?
How does a runway inspection radar work?
How to calculate the DC-4 landing distance with this graph?
How does envelope protection work in Airbus vs. Boeing aircraft?
In the ARINC specification, why is baro altitude (label 204) measured in Knots?
How can you calculate the required tailplane force to ensure steady state flight?
What would be the potential effects of not having an accumulator in the hydraulic system?
What to do when pneumatic air cycle kit stops working mid-flight on Boeing 737-800?
Can a foreign pilot with a Canadian ATPL get a job with AC or West Jet?
How is the direction of the hydraulic fluid changed so that the cylinders and pistons can move backwards and forwards?
How is the jet engine inlet danger area affected when airborne?
What are mechanical requirements for flying over water?
Why are airplanes sometimes led by a vehicle?
How does a jet fighter with water-skis land safely?
Why does the A-320 allow 1.3 degrees more left rudder trim than right?
How are altimeter settings estimated?
How would a Flying Fortress behave if it lost its empennage mid-flight?
Why is the GP7200-powered A380 fleet not grounded?
How do 3d panel methods model wake-surface interaction?
What is the equivalent height of a parachute landing?
Would it be feasible to build a jet fighter plane based on a wooden construction?
How do ADS-B and ADS-C get used on transoceanic flights?
What's the possibility of a commercial airplane crashing due to a computer error?
Does the US military use metric?
Can I take the FAA CFI knowledge exam(s) based on my EASA ATPL knowledge?
To do the holding pattern or not?
What are the rules in the UK about overflying built-up areas for fun?
On a METAR, what does DSPTD mean?
How can I calculate the optimum loiter airspeed for an aircraft?
Why is the velocity vector of this rocket not aligned with the rocket's axis itself?
When was trim on airplanes used for the first time?
What are the dynamic stability properties of an aircraft with wings exactly at the vertical CoG?
What are the differences between direct law and mechanical back-up?
What happens when changing the throttle on a PT-6 engine?
What does METAR show when actual RVR is below the reporting minimum?
Why are the B-52 thrust levers advanced inside-out?
How does air traffic control communicate with an aircraft?
Why are there no Mach 4+ fighter planes?
How do I plan TOC/TOD in an IFR flight plan that includes SIDs and STARs?
How do hot air balloon pilots avoid collisions?
Do aircraft manufacturers like Airbus or Boeing charge the airline, when they assist in aircraft accident investigations?
How high can I fly a model aircraft under 14 CFR 101 rules?
Did some early jet engines catch on fire at higher power settings?
How airplanes of new generation communicate with ATC over remote areas? (North Atlantic Region)
How does the FADEC prevent compressor stall during rapidly increasing thrust demand?
Do airlines have an ATC schedule they have to adhere to?
What are the ways to perform air traffic control on long distance flights?
Is it always required to calculate the fuel for an IFR alternate?
Why new jet aircraft have wider, larger cockpit windshield/windscreen?
Are there any civil programs that uses S1000D?
Why is the gradient line for climb in a one-engine-inoperative condition during take off under CS-25 described in percentage?
What educational qualifications are required to become a pilot in the UK?
When are you allowed to use a call sign that is not the aircraft registration?
What pilot certificates were needed to fly the Space Shuttle?
Where can the airspace boundary coordinates for Fayetteville TRACON be found?
In the US, is it customary to tip the line personnel?
Spinning wing heat dispersion dynamics for Mach 24 and beyond?
Why is Python used on aircraft although it may not be certifiable?
What does "With One Minute Weather" Mean?
What do the various lights in the overhead aisle light cluster of a Bombardier Q400 NextGen represent?
What is the equivalence of Meteksan MILDAR in US inventory?
Do overland long-haul flights have something similar to SELCAL?
How do the airlines allot the passengers seats to make sure the balance is maintained?
What is the drag induced by a high bypass jet engine on an airliner?
What makes the F/A-XX twin-engined tailless fighter controllable with engines out?
What implications does automobile electrification have for the supply and cost of Avgas?
Can an airliner land safely using only propulsion control?
Is a license required to transmit in the designated aviation band?
Which rough proportion of pilots haven't declared an emergency?
Do FAA knowledge test endorsements have an implicit expiration date? If not, can I add one explicitly?
How does the outflow valve work on a cabin pressurization system?
Why might an airliner fly a large U-turn before landing?
What is the formula for estimating the maximum stationary thrust of a rotor as function of its diameter?
Is there any airport planning to install ILS CAT IIIc?
Does the Reynolds number on a smaller model need to match the one of the original aircraft?
What is the difference between en route and airway?
Why do DC-4 landing performance charts have different values for the intended and alternate destinations?
What are the effects of shockwaves on normal and supersonic aircraft?
During an IPC, is there any alternative to doing a precision approach?
Can you recommend IFR material for Europe?
On a calm day, what determines the active runway?
Are VOR frequencies static?
How does the size of each stage vary in a high pressure compressor?
What is this abandoned aircraft in Thailand?
Is it practical to integrate turbofan or ramjet engines into an airliner wing?
Do Jeppesen SIDs have top altitude?
How do I get an FAA CPL from an EASA PPL?
Do helicopters fly holding patterns under IFR?
Is more cargo loaded if there is less passengers than expected?
What are the differences between PNL and PNR messages?
Why isn't the Transition Altitude depicted on SID charts?
What is Engine Pressure Ratio?
How does single-sided deafness affect the different pilot licenses?
How to scale the data of a wing aspect ratio to correspond to the case of another aspect ratio?
Where can I find information about the number of blades and vanes in jet engines?
What does this NOTAM about a STAR mean?
Why do MP and RPM adjustments have to be made in a specific order in constant-speed props?
What happens during a carrier take off?
What infrastructures are required for airlines to send PNL messages?
When using the phonetic alphabet, for airways, should we say Uniform or Upper?
What will happen to the IDG disconnection mechanism if we press and hold it for more than 3 secs?
Are there any planes that have ramjet or scramjet engines?
Do modern aircraft have sensors to determine weight of the aircraft?
How is health monitoring of large aircraft engines and components done?
Why can't you ditch your aircraft in the sea?
How long does it take for pilots to become unconscious after an uncontrolled depressurization at FL 340?
How are the IFE Server, Floor Disconnect Box (FDB), Seat Electronic Box (SEB) and Seat Display Unit (SDU) connected to each other?
Do USAF fighter jets go supersonic over land?
How to calculate outside air temperature at a certain altitude?
When were airbrakes used for the first time in aviation?
What do aircraft accident investigators do in between incidents?
Do aircraft have radar or other forms of traffic sensing?
What is situational awareness and why is it important?
Who activates the fasten seat belt warning on commercial flights?
Why would a commercial flight be landing with a tailwind?
Did the F-8 have a stall speed of 1.6x its landing speed?
How does the Bombardier CSeries compare to existing single-aisle jet-liners?
Does a sudden drop of the velocity of the headwind affect the airspeed by lowering it?
What are the benefits of raked wingtips over tapered wingtips?
How can shifting to TCP/IP make current aviation systems more delay-tolerant?
For how long can a single-engine turboprop safely run the engine at idle?
How would a helicopter deal with auto rotation when it transports a hanging payload?
Is Auto Pilot capable of performing TCAS resolution advisory?
Are 'climb via a SID' instructions actually used in the US?
What is this plane spotted from Outer Banks, NC?
Is the A-10 Warthog being discontinued?
Is the Bill Of Sale required for deregistration?
Why did the MSA for Taipei (RTCP) change?
What is the origin of the term "military power"?
Was the "Air Berlin" lap of honor over Düsseldorf problematic?
What is the highest operational ceiling for an air-breathing jet engine?
Why are most runways laid out in a generally East-West direction?
How far away from the airport is the descent for approach and landing initiated?
Do you need a commercial rating for aerial application work?
Why use jet engines instead of propellers when designing new airplanes?
Can a turbofan maintain torque when spinning fast?
Has anyone been able to verify ADS-B works without radar?
Statistically, what are the failure points on sUAS (drone) aircraft?
Did the Stuka Ju-87 really have a radio altimeter? If so, when?
What is the circular pavement at the end of a runway called?
What is the difference between single and dual annular combustor?
Why is there a provision of pressure setting in GPS?
Why would only a specific model of drone be allowed to fly over crowds?
What is a TAPS combustor and how does it differ from any other annular combustor?
What amount of lift would be created in the fallacious "lift from equal transit time" theory?
Why did the speed of this plane drop so much?
What about hours flown solo without a student pilot certificate?
What are the differences between type B message format and EDIFACT message format?
Can an A&P who is also a private pilot receive compensation for conducting maintenance test flights?
Is training and pay different for cargo and airline pilots?
How much more efficient is an aircraft with no windows?
Under EASA regulations, what constitutes loggable flight time?
How can a passenger determine airspeed without a handheld GPS?
How many layers do the Boeing 787 cabin windows have and what might make them fail?
How does handover between Air Traffic Controllers work?
Does EASA require airliners to be fitted with autopilots?
What are the criteria for classifying which generation a fighter aircraft belongs to?
What are these sensors on the Night Stalkers' Chinook MH-47G?
Can a class 1 medical certificate be obtained when glasses are needed to achieve 20/20?
Is lift created by air downwash?
Why do pilots sample the fuel before a flight?
What is the airfoil used in SB13 flying wing?
What are these engine inlet devices used for?
Why are the outboard Krueger Flaps retracted before the others on the B747?
What preflight passenger briefing items are required under Part 91?
How does aircraft weight affect landing distance?
What is the FAA's definition of "for hire"?
Is cabin air freshened when a plane is taxiing or on the ground?
Can a TCAS be alerted when the intruder aircraft has a transponder in stand-by mode?
What do pilots do on a windshear alert after V1?
What is the difference between a go-around and a missed approach?
Why was the Junkers Ju 87 not upgraded with a jet engine?
What are the reasons for an installed engine to produce less thrust than an uninstalled engine?
How much force are large aircraft brakes able to exert?
Why can't flight management systems receive instructions directly from the controller?
What is the history of the name of airway?
When is a steep takeoff appropriate?
How do holding patterns work?
Is a holding pattern always counter-clockwise?
Who does air traffic control to the oceanic flights?
Where can I find data on past forecasts of planned aircraft production?
Why were turbojets the first kind of turbo-engines, instead of turboprops?
What is this plane, based on its inside shape?
Can you identify this (electrical) part?
What are service letters and service bulletins?
What are the reasons for using hydraulic power on major aircraft systems?
What type of hydraulic oil is used in the aviation industry?
If an aircraft decompresses at altitude will everyone start farting?
What is the maximum speed of all the stages of a geared bypass tubojet engine?
What lights are used on top of a building or structure near an airport?
What is the final approach fix altitude for this localizer approach?
Which agency issues private pilot certificates?
Is there any kind of removable ELT on board an airliner?
What are the odds that I'm the next most qualified pilot on a given flight?
How to encode an altitude in ARINC429?
How does this IMU work and how to convert its output into meaningful information?
What energy density is required for the batteries in order to make an all-electric analogue of the Cessna 150 or similar plane?
Where could I find a MATLAB implementation of TCAS algorithms?
What would be the best fan duct design to achieve maximum thrust?
How to fly a parabolic arc?
Where is fuel metered in continuous flow fuel injection system?
would a dimpled heat shield reduce heat transfer during reentry?
Can quadrotors be used for commercial passenger flights?
What type of variation in temperature does the wing undergo?
What is the VOR reference signal?
Why do control towers have tilted glass panels?
Why might the crew switch off air conditioning in the cabin of a passenger jet during descent?
What would be the feasibility of an auto-rotating landing gear system?
Are animals straying onto the runway considered to be a runway incursion?
How to calculate the static pressure in a pitot tube?
Does the AIM really require anti-collision lights to be used during the day?
Do flight attendants do pinch-hitter training?
Does the dew point affect density altitude?
Why do some aircraft have wings that tend to bend up?
What simulation software do airlines use?
Were RCS tests performed on the ATF YF-22/YF-23 prototypes?
If engines are closer to the wing (or in the wing) does it increase efficiency
Does a military equivalent to civil ATC exist?
What are the advantages of towbarless pushback tugs?
Is it possible to accurately measure airspeed without pitot tube?
What is the aircraft model used in the film "American Made"?
Why do airlines not use direct routes?
What are SIDS and STARs?
How has CAD influenced aircraft design in the last few decades?
What aerodynamics forces are acting on a jet fighter during slow flight demonstration?
What controls the brightness of the MCDU display and keys?
Why aren't there V-tail airliners?
How are aircraft wings protected against flutter - aerodynamic oscillations that can break bridges?
Would it be a viable option to make the engine generate lift?
How do I log simulator time in my logbook as a CFI?
What happens if a plane breaks down away from a maintenance facility?
Can an ultralight aircraft fly with a 18hp engine?
First actual flight lesson, what to keep in mind?
What is the purpose of the three small bumps on the switches for landing lights?
How serious is an impact like the 10/2017 Delta Airlines suspected bird strike?
What materials are suitable for making a mini gas turbine engine?
Would it take 7 to 10 times more energy to lift a turbofan-helicopter?
Is there a formula to calculate take off runway distance for commercial planes?
What are the factors required to estimate the minimum required power for an experimental aircraft of a specific mass?
What is the exact definition of Taxi Time?
What happens if the pilot tries to do a loop in a full-motion simulator?
What is the folded size of a sectional map?
Would injecting water into a jet engine’s exhaust increase velocity?
What do Turnaround Supervisors do before departure?
To which security domain does the Cabin Intercommunication Data System (CIDS) belong?
Why building a stopway instead of just building a longer runway?
Is it allowed to launch powered paragliders from national parks?
How different is flying through Free Route Airspace (FRA)?
How can I renew my non-current Indian CPL?
Can a seaplane make a long distance sea voyage on the sea?
Why should a Piper Seneca not take off after an engine failure below 100MPH?
if your Seneca weight is 4000 pounds , and you have 800m visibility, would you take off?
How far back from the final approach fix can you intercept the glideslope?
How far should the two propellers on a twin engine plane be apart?
What are the names of the vehicles to provide assistance to aircraft during the turnaround?
What do Air Traffic Controllers (tower supervisors) say to pilots before takeoff and landing?
What would be a technical or slang term for 'in the air'?
Can I fly part 107 in DC SFRA?
Aviation terminology for 'in the field'
How to interpret 14 CFR Part 61 Requirements 61.129 on instrument training time?
Which source to use when reporting the current altitude to ATC?
How to slow down a seaplane on water?
Should I have carb heat on for landing in a C152?
Does SDAC display data for both the PFD, ND and the ECAM display?
What are the differences between ADS + INS and ADIRS / ADIRU?
How is a 14 CFR 101 sUAS NOTAM filed for an unregistered aircraft?
How does an ADIRU convert ram air pressure from the Pitot tube into Airspeed?
What are these light like panels on the overhead bins of Boeing 737?
How does carb heat increase the risk of dirt ingestion?
How many US airman's certificates are revoked, roughly, per year?
What is the reason for this unusual flight path?
What was the first flight instrument ever used in an airplane?
Why the pilot in command sits on the left?
What is Class E3 airspace?
Can I use the autoland mode if the airport is unknown to the FMC database?
Why are there curved blades on jet engines?
Does cargo balance affect fuel efficiency in commercial aviation?
How do airlines without assigned seating verify cargo balance?
What are the trim settings on ferried aircraft?
Can you have an AME also sign off on your FAA BasicMed paperwork?
Am I correct about what AC/DC BAT BUS does?
Why are W, S, N, E highlighted on a flight management computer?
How do Air Traffic Controllers determine which planes take off in a certain order?
What are the crewing requirements for a B787 flying LAX to SIN?
Why would flares be fired into the air after a flight lands?
Does the RA (resolution Advisory) from TCAS II take into account the stall margin required?
What is exemption 17347 in the context of dispatch for FAA domestic carriers?
What does a typical discovery flight consist of?
When the angle of attack is increased does the air flowing below it slow down
How dangerous would it be to start a jet engine with coins inside?
What are these wheel-chocks made of and what color do they most probably have?
4 Boeing 707 for $50,000. Is that possible?
Why would a country prefer to purchase Su-35 rather than Su-30MK?
Where does the water salute come from?
Why does the Dassault Falcon 7X's cockpit have ashtrays?
What would happen if a Cessna flew into a power line?
Estimating the fuel required in terms of flying distance and total weight
What is the purpose of blades on a compressor?
Could a larger consumer drone "take down" a passenger plane?
How much water is carried for jet engine water injection?
What type of airspeed are wind speeds given in?
What is the airflow across and below an elevator?
What is the easiest way to update sectional charts with bulletin changes between printings?
Is a Phenom 300 single pilot able to fly non-commercially in Europe?
Why were the 747SP's trailing-edge flaps so much different than those of the -100/-200?
How does a combat aircraft handle the recoil force of a mounted gun?
What's the difference between Holding Point and Hold Short?
What is the difference between a "compass swing" and "check swing" procedure?
What airfoil design does the MQ-9 Reaper UAV use?
What was used instead of the failed engine when ferrying the Air France Flight 66 aircraft back?
Are radar bars centered around the horizon or do they move with aircraft pitch?
What is the diameter of a Trent 900 engine?
Is the Airbus A380 a viable shorthaul airliner?
Could airline tires be deflated in mid-flight to reduce weight?
How can leading edge separation bubbles be prevented?
Why does ADS-B broadcast velocity?
How much of an improvement would a 1% weight decrease on an airplane be to the industry?
Who has the final authority over sidesticks?
Which are some planes shaped like an inverted wing?
Is this scheme for a single-fan electric airship with a rocket-like geometry workable?
How do I determine the maximum thrust that a Tesla powertrain (P100D for example) could produce if attached to a single propeller?
Is it possible for an airliner to cruise at engine full thrust?
If unexpectedly in IMC, does it help to climb into clouds to get on radar?
What throttle setting does an airliner use while cruising?
What is the meaning of sub-paragraph 3-9-6 j. in FAA JO 7110.65X?
What is the procedure for handing over controller positions to the next shift?
Are there any Part 135 (On-Demand Passenger Charter) companies out there that use Aviation Bio-Fuel?
How can I avoid flight simulator software reinforcing bad habits?
Why do we often have more than one method of slowing down (retarding) aircraft on the ground?
Why did Boeing remove the engine chevrons on the 777-X?
What market share does Jet A-1 have in the commercial airline market?
Given aircraft and runway characteristics, how do you compute the maximum temperature for take-off?
How does the Airbus ECAM / ND transfer work?
Do airline transport pilot trainees ever fly a passenger-less aircraft?
Are there big differences between Douglas Commercial 3 and Douglas Commercial 4?
What were the "flap pump" and "gear pump" on the F-4E Phantom II?
If my parachute fails to open, why should I aim for land rather than water?
What is the largest taildragger in history?
How should I interpret the Douglas DC-4 approach climb performance chart?
Will manned aircraft have to defend ground targets against unmanned aircraft in the future?
Where do flaps and elevators get input from?
What engine are these fan blades from?
Is it standard procedure to unlatch the cockpit door before an emergency landing in a small aircraft?
Are there any apps for easy Part 135 Flight Time and Duty Period calculations?
Why do many stealth aircraft have a similar shape and design?
If an aircraft flies straight ahead, does it follow an orthodrome/great circle?
How do I find all the frequencies for my local TRACON?
Which Terminal Arrival Area depiction is correct between NACO and Jeppesen plates?
What are the requirements for grass height around runways and taxiways?
How does the wheel speed sensor in a Boeing 777-300ER work?
Why were 'business jet' airliner designs so popular in the past?
Why don't we see business jets with wingtip fuel tanks anymore?
What is this fighter jet that flew over KJST?
How are wing tanks sealed around the internal wing structure?
How thick is the skin of an aircraft like the Airbus A350 or Boeing B777?
What airline academies are available to US citizens?
Which Airbus models have exterior LED lights? (Taxi, Landing, Rotating Beacon)
In Polikarpov I-153, Were the gulled wings very important?
Do the wheels of taxi-capable helicopters have power?
What is the purpose of extending one degree of flaps (perhaps with spoilers)?
Why is 3000 psi the most common hydraulic pressure used in commercial aircraft?
Do the operations practices of low-cost airlines represent an increased safety risk?
How far can A&P mechanics operate aircraft under US regulations?
What kind of work you can get with a private pilot licence?
What is the minimum price for a full Glass cockpit for the size of 6 passengers aircraft?
Have there been fully pneumatic aircraft?
What is the second "door" on the DC-3?
How can engine positioning affect flutter tendency?
Does a trent 900 engine have the ability to spin extra or more fans?
Does a helicopter's boundary layer have different properties that are caused by the rotation? How does this affect stability of the helicopter?
Do helicopters use more fuel when hovering?
Why do ATC displays use flight data sent by the aircraft they are tracking?
What is this odd large sign near Aalborg airport/millitary airport?
Can a normal PASSENGER pilot a plane with no training?
What's field excitation in an electrical system?
How its like to fly an big back airliner with an sidestick ? How sensitive is the "joystick"?
At which point does an airliner start to pressurize/depressurize the cabin?
When temperature increases what happens to the air molecules and aircraft while landing and takeoff during hot weather?
Why do Western aircraft manufacturers use FPS system while Russian aircraft manufacturers use MKS system for flight instruments?
Who decided which airspaces not to fly through and how?
For a 180 degree turn after takeoff, what is the normal turn radius for the A320 and 737?
Why does X-Plane 11 show the SR-71 at 200 knots but Mach 3 at 80,000 ft?
When wiil this person be able to replace his engines on a bunch of smaller ones to attach them on clothes?
What is the noise level inside the Tu 114 passenger cabin?
Where can I find United 757 Checklists? (CRM, Pre Start, Pre Takeoff)
Runway landing with a front skid instead of wheel - how does steering happen? (Dreamchaser)
How to calculate hydrocarbon emissions for large aircraft?
Why F4 Phantom II didn't have an cannon?
Why do we seldom see small unmanned aircraft with gasoline engines?
What is the flight time limitation for commercial air transport operation in Europe?
Why do T- tail airplanes have a shorter vertical stabilizer?
How can I identify a low flying plane at night over Bangalore?
What are the minimum requirements for passing medical for PPL?
What types of fuel quantity sensors are used in an aircraft? How do they work?
How do active blades work on helicopters?
What is the difference between MIL-H-5606 and MIL-PRF-5606 hydraulic fluid?
How many tanks does an A350 have?
Is there any FAR defining an "introductory" or "familiarization" flight?
Where can I find the regulations on the minimum stall speed for a GA aircraft?
What are these parts on Super Etendard?
Is there a new "best practices" technique for demonstrating stall recovery?
Could I use a powered parachute to fly around New York City?
Are there countries where commercial flying can be conducted with a Mexican DGAC private pilot license?
Who manufactures the landing gear on the Airbus A350 series aircraft?
What is the runway holding short line on Taxiway B between B2 and B3 at KFAT for RWY29L?
How does SLATS/FLAPS retraction damage the RTLU mechanical stop if we retract them after the ADIRS are set off?
What effect does tropopause entry have on the FMGC?
Could someone please explain what is thermal oxidation of the carbon brakes?
What is the purpose of the extra horizontal and vertical surfaces on the tail of the Beechcraft 1900?
What's the reason for "pre-pressurization" of the cabin prior to liftoff?
Could adding a gearbox to the Trent 900 improve the efficiency of the A380?
What is that invisible bump in the air called that occurs after completing a 360 degree turn?
What are the pros and cons of adding a gearbox to larger jet engines?
What is the energy demand of a secondary surveillance radar?
What is this aircraft that appeared at Oshkosh 2017?
How can I find out how much a passenger window of a Boeing 737 costs?
What's the difference between orientation and position?
Can high-bypass turbofans cruise at high altitude?
How many hydraulic systems does the Boeing 757 series have?
Is there a recommended self-study syllabus or set of books for UAV design?
What is RTOW and how is it different from MTOW?
What is a Virtual Window in an aircraft?
How do I compute thrust of a rotor disk and the necessary power to drive it??
What is the requirement to become a flight attendant?
Did Boeing subcontract the manufacturing of the wings on the B757 series?
Why does it take so much fuel to start a jet engine?
How slow could the U-2 fly at 50,000 ft?
How can this ACARS message be decoded?
What would it take to bring a more efficient lifting-body airplane design (possibly a BWB) to commercial market?
When sizing a powerplant for a GA aircraft, how do you estimate the power required for other electrical systems?
Which avionics suite does the 757 use?
How do commercial pilots keep situational awareness of their current call sign?
Were any composites used on the A340 series?
How is cloud height measured?
What are the drug testing procedures for EU airlines?
Can the RAM AIR valve cause depressurization on the CRJ-900?
Could a quadrotor use a main gas powered rotor with small electric rotors for attitude control?
What part of an aircraft design process is governed by mathematics?
What's the difference between a TSO Authorization and a letter of TSO design approval?
How do ETSOAs/TSOAs expire?
Telluride (KTEX): Why is the localizer antenna located where the glideslope should be?
Where are jack points typically located on an aircraft?
What happens if a passenger passes through the boarding gate, but doesn't get on the aircraft?
Why do helicopters not roll over when flying forwards?
What is the 0-60mph time of an aircraft carrier catapult?
What instruments are used to indicate aircraft attitude in acrobatic airplanes?
What is NH overspeed test and how it is preformed on DHC Q400 aircraft?
What effect do slats have on descent rate?
Is there a class E corridor in the class B north of San Diego International?
What kind of OS or programming language does the aviation use?
Is there a system where plane/heli auto adjusts prop pitch/mixture?
Do helicopters have automatic tail rotor compensation for anti-spin?
How does radar receive Mode C information?
How many planes do ATC controllers assist in taking off/landing each day?
How are Cd and Cl calculated from Cp data?
Do passengers notice if the aircraft is struck by lightning?
Why does an aircraft not spin out of control right after touch-down?
Could this "Wingless Dodo" fly in real life?
How can I rebuild my missing logbook after 20 years of not flying?
What are the consequences of pumping the throttle in an carburetor piston engine airplane during start?
Is it common for a cold reciprocating engine to stop at idle?
How many landings per year are performed using the integrated standby instrument system?
What is an acceptable phugoid oscillation duration?
How does the nitrogen generation system in a Boeing 777 work?
What are the effects of angle of attack on turbines in composed delta wings with jets in upper side?
What is the smallest manned jet aircraft?
Are there any problems opening a helipad close to an airport?
What is the effect of Mach number on efficiency, thrust and specific fuel consumption of a ramjet engine?
How long is the training to get a Boeing 777 rating if one has a 737-200 rating?
Would it be possible to use a magnetron beneath glider plane to generate its own thermals?
Is it legal to compensate a CFI for more than 8 hours of his services per day?
Is a clearance needed to depart a helipad in class B airspace?
Can any aircraft have ETOPS?
Why do older students take longer to learn to fly?
What is the reason aircraft are as long as they are wide?
Would it be feasible to use graphene in the gearbox of a large turbofan engine?
What material was/is used on the skin of the Blackbird SR71?
What are the pros and cons of using shielding as opposed to liquid cooling the skin of supersonic aircraft?
Does the F-16 have a speed limiter?
Could someone please explain why the A320 doesn’t have an anti ice system for its vertical and horizontal stabilisers?
When passing a waypoint, when exactly are we on the next leg?
What material is used to make engine covers for passenger airliners?
Why don't bombers have close-in weapon systems (CIWS)?
How does the lift coefficient of an A380 change when flaps are extended?
How common is an airliner activating reverse while still in flight?
Is (or was) it acceptable to throttle up for takeoff before being aligned with the runway center line?
How to calculate Blade angle?
How to ballpark IAS vs TAS?
Is there a formula to calculate how big a ventral fin should be?
Does a public use aircraft need an aircraft registration hard card?
When should I use "cross" and "pass" on radio telephony?
How do electric anti-icing systems work?
Did the Westland Lysander have a helmet/face mask for radio communication during WW2?
Is there a website with a list of all commercial airline incidents?
What are Water Vapour Resistant (WVR) engine bags made from?
What are the mechanical deflection angles for Airbus side-stick controllers?
Is there any legitimate reason for adding momentary power when descending at idle with full carburettor heat on?
Where are US FIS-B UAT ground facilities located?
How do tugs push back the Antonov 225?
Is inverted flight possible under these conditions?
What did a maintenance person put into the engines after landing?
Is there any free source for current airline schedule data?
What is the relation between maximum airspeed and engine power?
Can an N registered aircraft operate scheduled service from USA to/from a Category 2 country?
What are the differences between each ILS category?
At what minimum height above terrain does a vertical structure need to be indicated on a sectional map?
What is the name of centre of mass speed of an aircraft?
If an aircraft were to fly ninety degrees upwards, at what altitude does weightlessness of space begin?
How do pilots detect fuel contamination in flight?
What is the absolute ceiling of a 737-200?
Why don't aircraft use nuclear propulsion?
Who does have a responsibility to make altitude correction for cold temperature?
How can a headset cause continuous transmission (PTT blocked)?
What special tyres (tires) are needed for high altitude takeoff and landing?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of autogyro aircraft?
Are there any models for planning aircraft placement in hangars?
Which FAA or EASA regulation does prevent a high wing to cross the passenger compartment?
Why did America not build its own ekranoplan?
Would it be possible to build a "rocket" using a series of ducted fans?
On SEP airplanes, why does the fuel consumption decreases with temperature, pressure and airspeed being equal?
Who said "A little of all of us goes with every pilot we lose"?
Is my understanding of a gas turbine engine compressor correct?
What is the difference between static and dynamic seals?
What's this red cabin light indicator inside a Boeing 737?
How can I triangulate a position using two DMEs?
What's the effect of air density and temperature in the range of aspirated reciprocating-engine airplanes?
How accurate must fuel gauges be for VFR flight?
What is the effect of wingspan on wing stiffness?
Where does the term “throttle quadrant” come from?
Why has the IO-390 not replaced the IO-360?
How do tyre pressure sensors in aircraft work?
What is the difference between placing wheel chocks on the outer wheels as opposed to the inner wheels of the main landing gear?
How would one calculate the thrust-to-weight ratio for a minimum turn radius?
Why is a contra-rotating High Pressure section more efficient?
Do airline pilots use FD when performing visual landing?
Is it possible to get the QNH value in Austria using a web service?
Which AFDX connections are used in Airbus A380?
What are the conditions for the percentage power vs fuel consumption figures in the engine operator manual?
How much computing power is needed to keep commercial and military planes flying?
Why do flight control cables not slacken during the cold temperatures at cruise?
How does flying at ECON computed speeds optimise fuel burn.?
How does a flex takeoff increase fuel consumption compared to a TOGA takeoff?
What are the duties of an ATC supervisor?
Is there a regularized width of yellow taxiway ground bands?
Do I use true or magnetic north in headwind component calculations?
Could flight control be achieved by rotating a wing entirely?
Does the C series from Bombardier incorporate composite materials into the fuselage and/or wings?
What does 'given rate' mean?
Would titanium be a better option for aircraft skin if cost were not a factor?
Where are elevators located in aircraft with delta wings?
Why all the taxiway construction at PHL?
Is wheel well overheat detection (not brake temperature sensor) necessary for commercial jet aircraft?
When a typical commercial airliner flies overhead, what is the actual noise we are hearing?
Documentation about "drag stabilized flying wings using non-reflex airfoils"?
How does rudder size influence its ability to produce lateral lift?
What differences are introduced between ICAO Annex 10 volume IV amendment 85 and amendment 89?
Guidelines for using a constant speed/adjustable pitch propeller
Can a turbo aircraft be converted to non-turbo?
At what distance from magnetic north do pilots start referencing true north for heading?
Is the standby altimeter required for day VFR flight in a C172 Nav III?
What is the rate of acceleration based on downward pitch?
Are there any safety mechanisms to prevent emergency slides deploying inside an aircraft?
What are the dimensions of the parking apron?
How are electronic systems locked and connected in the electronic bay?
Can I fly for commercial jobs with just my temporary certificate?
Do I have to notify someone or file a flight plan for a private flight in the UK?
Do modern airliners have oxygen sensors in the cabin?
How are batteries cooled in passenger aircraft?
Why isn't cabin air quality in airliners directly monitored with sensors?
Is there any way to estimate the weight difference between a trimmable horizontal stabilizer and a fixed tailplane?
Why isn't the APU a standard diesel generator?
How to keep a helicopter steady when close to the ground?
What are the best traffic pattern airspeeds in a Cessna 172N?
Why can a plane land in zero visibility conditions but not take off in zero visibility?
How does one calculate the taper ratio of a compound wing?
What does the correlation between weather and midair collisions tell us?
At a non-towered airport in the US, what should I do if I hear a medevac flight waiting to take off while I'm turning base?
Why does an airspeed indicator not simply read TAS?
What is the definition of load factor and how do you apply it?
Is there an official method to do pre-departure briefings?
What is the maximum take off climb angle of a Boeing 737 MAX?
Can an airplane fly with on-off control surfaces?
Can asymmetric thrust occur for Single engine airplane at idle power during stall practice?
Was John F. Kennedy Jr.’s accident airplane equipped with an autopilot?
What is the appropriate airfoil config for Raked Wingtips?
Would an aircraft with no ailerons, no elevators and no rudders be safely flyable?
Is it possible to maintain horizontal flight with the angle of attack above critical value by increasing speed?
How much is airspeed reduced on an A10-Warthog when firing its cannon?
Why didn't we see many VTOL aircraft in the history of aircraft development?
Where was the J-20 design stolen from?
Do intermeshing rotor helicopters have a swasplate? If no, then how do cyclic and collective controls work?
How long does the gear extension/retraction takes on the ATR-42?
How does the head-up display on a spitfire work?
Does a stopper (chock) really prevent the plane from moving?
Why doesn’t the minimum drag point meet the point at the best Cl/CD polar?
Is there a pressure rise and velocity change across a turbofan fan and stator?
Why does the Las Vegas Airport have three control towers?
What is the average number of daily flights for all types of aircraft in use worldwide?
Can a F-35 shoot while hovering?
What is this "No Hand Hold" thing in the P-51 Mustang cockpit?
Is there a formula to convert SFC to air-fuel equivalence ratio λ?
Are there any autopilots that are capable of landing a damaged aircraft better than any human?
Does the Boeing B787 have safety issues with its battery and windshield?
Is there any way to see live Airport Collaborative Decision Making (A-CDM) status information?
Was there ever a fuel-injected Spitfire?
Do F-4 Phantom II pilots actually fold the wings?
Why does some "Fighter Jets" have "Pitch changers" on the front?
Can a P51 outrun an missile?
How to become Hybrid airship Pilot?
What is the purpose of the little eyebrow windows on the Boeing 737?
Why not leave an electric fuel pump on all the time?
What are the "Start & Acc" and "Pitch stab" circuit breakers for on the Piper Dakota?
Does TCAS II equipment satisfy the required ADS-B installation?
Can a Greek EASA Part 66 License be converted to a German EASA Part 66 License?
Do helicopter rotor blades speed up and down during the rotation?
Why mount multiple autocannons on a fighter or CAS aircraft as opposed to a revolving barrel auto-cannon with a higher rate of fire?
For a rotor in vertical autorotation, what is the relation between pitch, vertical speed and rpms?
Can leaning provide more power when running at full throttle?
Why do different sites list different lengths of the lower deck bulk cargo compartment for the A330-300?
How do airline pilots relieve the physical stress and discomfort of sitting for long periods of time?
Is there a comprehensive list of IFR terms with definitions?
How to write a good aircraft maintenance work card?
What's the difference between SLG strut used in B777 and truck position actuator used in any other aircraft like B747?
Why do some aircraft have symmetrical tip airfoils while others do not?
Why does the Boeing 787 have fewer cockpit windows?
Is there a mathematical formula to find the most efficient propeller?
Is there a tool or site where I can see wind vectors overlaid on a prognostic chart?
Is it possible for a Citation Jet not to have an APU or AIR COND?
What is the "on condition" concept of aircraft maintenance?
What type is this aircraft and engine at Munich airport?
Has anyone used a 1/4" Y adapter and 3.5mm-to-1/4" converter to pipe in music into their aviation headset?
What is the typcial descent rate of a helicopter?
Why do the emergency oxygen masks for some 787 premium class seats have an extra 'streamer' to pull them down?
Could supersonic transport make a comeback?
Can a holding pattern be in class G airspace?
What is the purpose of a fuse pin in a turbine engine?
Do Boeing and Airbus learn from each other?
What is the speed of a standard airliner during the different phases of the flight?
Why is colour of aircraft access panel outlines darker than the rest of the aircraft?
Are CVR and FDR reset after every flight?
Does it make sense to use a canard in combination with a conventional aft elevator control surface?
Where can I find a worldwide General Aviation incident/accident ocurrence reports database?
Why was my flight cancelled due to bad weather while other flights were not?
What is this black symbol on a VFR chart?
Does wind provide lift for hang gliders in the air?
How to calculate altitude in a flight simulation?
Is there any website which is offering free real time tracking data of flights?
What is the current status of the deployment of RNP 1 and RNP 2 airspaces and approaches in Europe?
What is the typical value of maximum lift coefficient for aerobatic aircraft?
How come nobody survived Air Moorea 1121, yet other people have survived crashes from altitudes more than 90x higher?
What is the strange object on 737-800 exterior, on the aft right side?
How do CFIs typically determine proficiency for complex and high-performance endorsement?
Does a LSA or better license count for drone use?
What is the optimal altitude for performance and mileage in normally aspirated GA planes?
How does an Airbus aircraft connect to the Internet?
Could the wing struts on the SUGARVolt cause problems?
Does the aerodynamic center move when flaps and slats are deployed?
How does type ratings training work at the airlines?
What criteria are used for exiting an airplane in an emergency?
Which is the airliner with the most passengers per lavatory?
Why do Airbus aircraft typically have less wing flex than Boeing aircraft?
How can V1 and VR (rotate) speeds be calculated?
How can I calculate the thrust of a fan given the diameter of the blade?
Why isn´t TOGA thrust always 100% N1 or N2?
At what distance beyond the aiming point is a landing considered a "Deep Landing"?
Can a small GA plane maintain level flight with a significant nose-down attitude?
Does a plane have more lift while flying in a cloud? (All other things equal...)
How do pilots decide whether or not to deploy a ram air turbine?
Is there any form of checklist that a pilot needs to go through before they use their ejection seat?
How does a mechanic determine if a repair or alteration requires a Supplemental Type Certificate?
Is An Electric Plane Possible?
Do the spinning parts of the tail mounted jet engines produce yaw on pitch changes?
How to get a home base airport in the UAE?
What type of helicopter is shown in Star Wars The Last Jedi featurette?
What to do to maintain my Spanish ULM (GA) gyroplane licence valid in the USA when moving there?
What kind of flaps are used in gliders?
Does the weather condition of the runway affect the braking of an aircraft with regards to wheel braking and reverse thrust?
Does a conversion for wheel to floats require an STC or Form 337?
What is the average weight difference between composite and metal airliners?
For any given modern turbofan engine, does bypass ratio stay approximately constant during a typical flight?
How to find coordinates of the geometric center of a NACA 4-digit airfoil?
What is the ATFM Project BOBCAT and why is it important?
How does gross weight affect the Minimum Controllable Airspeed (Vmc)?
What is the maximum G load a 747 can withstand during an emergency course reversal?
What is the optimal time to get from ASEL to ASES certification?
Does form 337 need to be sent to the FAA prior or after the work has been performed?
What is aeroelastic deformation?
How does the rotor blade material affect aircraft performance?
Where is the modification of an aircraft from floats to wheels and vice versa logged?
What is this pipe on the tail of this helicopter?
Beside payload size, what precise factors are considered to choose the fuselages shape?
How do engineers make sure UAV don't land on their front propeller?
Why does the CF6/CFM56 Turbofan Fan Frame contain 12 circular holes between the primary and secondary flow?
Why do most military aircraft use different engines than commercial aircraft?
What would be the effects of installing pitot tubes on the engine covers?
Can an aircraft be turned without rudder input?
What are the design parameters for airliner safety?
What do all the indicators on a HUD mean?
How does the target indicator on a jet fighter work?
What Height Atc radar reads from pilot selection
What effect would a afterburner have on the compressor if the nozzle outlet is not increased?
What is the purpose exactly of a ‘Control Check’?
What is the best pair selection algorithm?
How many lives would be saved if the airlines turned all the seats around?
What happened to the 737's cockpit skylights?
Can windshield washer fluid be used to deice small airplanes?
Is there any common research model for supersonic transport?
Was the Wright Brothers' 1902 machine a working glider or just a kite?
If you turned base early, cutting off other traffic, what is the safest way to rejoin downwind?
What is this delta wing aircraft parked at NASA Ames Research Center at Moffett Field?
What are the missions of high-endurance aircraft?
How can a helicopter show up at 29000ft, 547kts at Flightradar24?
Is it possible to install a bike rack on a Cessna 172?
Is this the correct sequence of steps to convert from true course to compass heading?
What is the purpose of the fin at the Boeing 787 APU exhaust?
Do aerodynamic forces and moments change aircraft pitch and yaw in the same way?
How precisely must ATC speed instructions be adhered to?
Brace position - does it really save lives?
Why do airplanes use MAYDAY when in danger but ships send SOS?
Why was the boat mounted this way on the underside of the wing on the "Landseaire" flying yacht?
What is the transient bleed valve in a gas turbine engine?
What procedures exist to take control from an "unsafe" pilot?
How common are mayday calls?
Do noise abatement procedures have an impact on aircraft emissions?
Could the An-225 use Trent 500 engines?
What max Mach number of the blade tips on Concorde's engines?
Where is the camera in the A320?
Could the Busemann's biplane concept be used in a turbofan engine?
How does a student pilot learn the process of pre-flighting a Robinson R22?
Is an AFSP registration required for rotorcraft rating?
What's the difference between Screwjack and Ball screw?
Can I get a 20/40 requirement waiver after cataract lens replacement?
Can the Safety Pilot log an approach if acting as PIC?
What happened to the Ju 52 (“Aunt Ju“)?
Are there any calculations involved for designing pulse jets?
Can the mass flow rate for different power settings be determined?
What's a similar looking aircraft to this illustration?
Can a holder of a G4 Visa legally receive flight training and/or acquire a Private Pilot Licence?
What is the purpose of anti-skid surge accumulator in a 777-300?
Why is the ICAO prefix for Alaskan airports "P"?
Why are there so few aircraft that had inhabited wings?
Does the F-4E Phantom II have a weather radar?
What are the mandatory elements of an ICAO flightplan?
What was the Vmca of the 2-engine 747 config the El Al 1862 crew faced, and could they have landed the plane at a corresponding Vref?
What is acceptable visual cue at Decision Height when performing CAT II approach?
How is drag created from wingtip vortices?
Why are there different number of propeller blades on the inboard and outboard engines?
Where does the transponder read altitude, or does ATC get it from radar?
Where can I find the specific power output of a specific NDB?
Where can I find a reliable database of civilian ATS Routes?
How is the flight of a tricopter controlled?
What is the difference between ground effect for an infinite wing and for a finite wing?
What would be the general steps for making a flight in a biplane?
How was the 'bump' removed from the Airbus P2F?
How much does it cost to design a jetliner's wing?
what is the highest and lowest air pressure induced by an aircraft at supersonic speeds?
How does hydraulic actuator servo valve feedback work?
Who checks "Pilots flying without flying licenses"?
Is it possible for a civilian to use a VORTAC station?
What is the relation between missile fin deflection limit and altitude?
Does a full set of legible structural engineering drawings for the Hughes H-4 Hercules still exist?
How are the dimensions of the empennage determined for jetliners?
At what altitude after takeoff is thrust reduced for airliners?
What is the fan tip speed at maximum thrust?
High performance endorsement in airplane modified by STC
Do fan blades use bell shaped lift distribution curves?
What is the procedure to enter, maintain and recover from a flat spin?
How is that there is no leak through the fuel vents during aerobatics maneuvers?
What is the climb/descent rate that triggers the TCAS up/down arrow?
Which was the first pressurized aircraft?
During spin recovery, can you just release the yoke/stick to neutralize the ailerons?
What was the first commercial aircraft to have a 'built-in' oxygen system?
Do you need "Travel Visas" for "Cross-Intercountry" flights?
Where is the mistake in this air density calculation?
Is it legal to fly under the Golden Gate Bridge?
What is the wear limit for tires?
What physical tests are involved with verifying a wing spar is suitably constructed for a homebuilt aircraft, such as the piper cub kit from wicks?
Is there a reason or code behind the Cessna model numbers?
What operations during preflight and pre-takeoff engine run-up cause a change in engine rpm?
What does a numbered dot mean on a sectional chart?
Is Doppler navigation still in use for civilian aircraft?
What is the operating temperarature of a scram jet at its theoretical maximum speed?
Is there a viable alternative to liquid hydrogen as a fuel for scramjets?
When were civilian aircraft first directed between aerodromes by air traffic control?
How to know that ADS-B position messages are not spaced more then the 1/2 zone limit?
Why did flight NH175 divert back to Los Angeles?
Airbus control architecture - where does the actual autopilot live?
Are fully electric helicopters suitable for military operations?
Why was the FDR of flight ET409 extracted from ocean transported dry instead of in water?
Can I get a first class medical with eyesight of -4.25/-1.00 diopters?
What pose is best for to assume before hitting the ground for survival after failed parachute?
What exactly is trim?
Does rolling affect the thrust of a propeller?
What are the differences between VORTAC's and NDB's?
How (and when) to use the BFO button on an ADF?
Where to find approach plates for European aerodromes?
What does the letter D on the underside of the wing stand for?
Post MH370, are there developments to improve the tracking of airliners?
Do pilots of airliners and jumbos do a walk around preflight check for every flight?
What is the possibility of technology like Google's balloon reducing overall connectivity and internet costs?
Can I do an IFR checkride in an airplane that isn't certified for IMC?
Which are the main aluminium alloys used in airliner construction?
What are the differences between C208 versions?
Why is the 787 tail cone made out of titanium?
What components of the Boeing 787 are made out of titanium?
Do large aircraft accumulate water in their tanks?
Is there any work on improving fuel tanks so they could store hydrogen?
Do some flying techniques wear aircraft out quicker than others?
How to deal with the noisy cockpit?
Is $24.01 million for 15 used A320 reasonable?
Why is powering on the APU so low on the A320 emergency checklist?
How to perform a "first principle" performance calculation?
How is the centre of lift and centre of gravity misalignment problem solved in Delta wing aircraft?
What is this button (pressed during approach) on the Airbus A320?
Why is the horizontal stabilizer forward of the vertical stabilizer on the P-51?
What is this door below the lavatory?
Could a golf ball damage an airliner?
Does EASA approve the use of localizer back course?
Is there any aircraft that cruises in the transonic regime?
Why are there non-standard altitude callouts?
Would a slower and larger rotor blade be practical?
How to define the aileron's deflection angle (in the Laplace domain)?
Is this Corrected Mass Flow equation correct?
What is this air-scoop behind the cockpit of the Polikarpov I-153 and Stearman?
Can I do an instrument rating checkride in an experimental aircraft?
How do pilots protect their necks in jet fighters?
Why do aircraft piston engines consume so much oil?
What are the advantages of the Riblett airfoil over the Original Pietenpol Airfoil?
What is the meaning of the term "fly back only" in AMM documents?
What are those arrow markings on the wing?
Are engines automatically stopped in an emergency landing?
Why can’t we perform CONFIG 1+F Takeoff in the following conditions as per the MEL?
What construction standards are used to increase impact survivability of passengers in case of a crash landing?
Why was a flight delayed because of a bird in the cockpit?
Are there any fly-by-wire airliners with negative or near-neutral pitch stability?
Why must some aircraft get permission to start their engines?
What would happen if you shot an F-16's fuel tank?
What is this biplane?
Can jet engine ingest (suck in) concrete from runway?
What options are there to learning IFR flying on Garmin's G1000 (Cirrus Perspective)?
What is the ICAO equivalent of a "point out"?
Why don't passenger planes move back by their own means before taxiing?
Why do some aircraft have to have the landing gear pinned prior to towing?
What are the design trade-offs between a pusher and a puller propeller?
Is an FAA Pilot License valid in the U.S. if held by a foreigner?
Why do most radial engines use an odd number of cylinders?
Do airplanes have a maximum headwind gust component when landing?
Special Purpose Tablet for Commercial Navigation app
What is the length of an A380 aileron?
What are these markings under the passenger door?
What are various specifications of Engine oil used in Piston and Turbine engine aircraft?
Does engine failure shut off the auto-pilot?
When to go missed on a non-precision approach?
Which jet airliner types have had the fewest accidents per million departures?
What is this feature on a Sukhoi Su-27?
How many wing attachment nuts are there on a DC-3/C-47?
Why are Jet Engine fan blades (and other turbomachinery blades) cantilevered rather than being connected together at their outer edges?
How do radio altimeter systems compensate for objects on the ground?
Do paper airplanes fly like normal airplanes do?
What is that device on an Su-27 pilot's helmet?
What is the required cloud clearance in G airspace when there are clouds just above in class E airspace?
What made the below flight path to have very low speed during the middle of its course
What determines spanwise placement of spoilers for roll control?
What regulations support European vs USA traffic pattern entry?
What is the current state of research on Autonomous Air Traffic Control?
Are lessons available for FlightSim X?
What is the physical meaning of circulation found in Kutta condition?
Is this opinion on personal computer flight simulators too strict or is it actually true?
What is this cutout in the Spitfire cockpit glass?
How much fuel is used for the different phases of the flight of a typical airliner?
How did ww1 pilots handle G-forces?
Have any operational aircraft ever used over wing fuel tanks?
Does the altitude or attitude of an aircraft affect GPS accuracy?
Does the radar altimeter's position affect its accuracy?
How is Spitfire landing gear powered?
What is the speed during push-back?
What is the maximum nose wheel deflection angle?
What are the defining characteristics of aviator glasses?
Does static longitudinal stability require download on the tail?
What aircraft broke the most [total] world records?
How is engine management being done without auto throttle during a VNAV approach?
Is there a maximum length for NOTAM?
Would a helicoper be able to perform a forward inversion (front flip)?
Why were the fronts of the Messerschmitt Me-109 painted yellow?
What approvals do I need for a helicopter landing?
How to approach flying a new aircraft?
What is "Boost"/"Super Boost" in the PW127M/N?
Why do Czech Airlines have the airline code (IATA airline designator) "OK"?
Does the velocity of air in an engine increase in the compressor section or turbine section?
What does CSTR means on an Airbus FCU and what happens when CSTR PB is pressed?
How does an operator change an aircraft's maintenance program from high-interval to low-interval?
What fighters have both 1 & 2 engine versions?
How do single GA pilots prevent boredom during long flights?
During single-engine taxi, how is the asymmetric power compensated for?
How do you know ELT's batteries used more than 50% of their capacity?
How do I know my AGL altitude while in flight?
How is the cruise speed of an aircraft chosen?
Why do tailplanes provide down force, if not for longitudinal static stability?
Which commercial aircraft can perform a parallel engine start?
Does the landing distance required for a wet runway needs to be within a certain range of the landing distance available?
Are there any Boeing 747 still flying for commercial use?
How can we design a wing for cruising at very low speeds?
Where exactly is the 700 and 1200 foot AGL for class E airspace measured from?
Do pilots land a helicopter sideways for improved visibility of the landing area?
What VFR cruising altitude should be flown to the west below 4500 feet?
What is the altitude of the nose vs tail in airplane flight?
Why do we have to do an alternate brake check during preliminary cockpit preparation?
Which airline will get me from Paris or London, to Japan, and has a zero fatality rate?
Is it possible to build a jet engine that utilises all excess heat?
Are there any airliners and or aircraft that use bleed air and excess heat from the engine to prevent icing
Is it possible to fully utilise excess heat from an aircraft to power other systems required for the aircraft to function?
Do airline pilots increase thrust when ordered to increase altitude by traffic controllers?
Are cockpits waterproof to prevent spills
Which current commercial flights have the highest ETOPS ranking?
What is the typical touchdown vertical speed of a large airliner?
What is the maximum temperature of engine bleed air for de-icing the wings?
Is the air bleeded from the engine to maintain cabin pressure for airlines heated or cooled
Can MIL-PRF-5606H hydraulic fluid be used in place of MIL-PRF-5606?
What was the mass of the Hindenburg?
Are there airport identifiers assigned to heliports?
On the new A320s when we do a brake check there is no need to call pressure 0 why?
Can civilians who buy ex-military fighter jets get the necessary maintenance information for them?
What typical improvements in lift/drag are gained using dimple & zig-zag strips?
Why do all airliners have life jackets?
Could a pilot navigate using distances and radials from an RNAV waypoint, similar to VOR navigation?
Can a barrel roll really be executed at a constant 1G?
Are evacuation slides meant to be used as safety boats?
What is this fuselage-side aerial used for?
What is the call sign for the US president's private helicopter?
How much safer does painting prop tips make a plane?
Why did my business class seat have a three point shoulder harness?
What is the lightest weight operational jet/turboprop fighter ever deployed in combat?
Is there an FMC not connected to the AP/FD?
What is the typical touchdown angle of a large airliner?
What is that missing instrument on a Beechcraft 1900C?
Is « Shepherd One » really used internationally by air traffic control for Pope's flight?
Is it possible to fly a Cessna 172 vertically?
Why is there an altitude limit if we have an IDG failure on the A320?
Why are winches not used for towing commercial planes up?
Can the bleed air for deicing the wings of the aircraft be switched on and off for jumbos?
How do paraglider controls work?
Is repeatedly pitching an aircraft up and down to help it lose its energy quicker a viable landing technique?
List of desired Games for a moving platform
Are these two aircraft too close to each other?
How much fuel did this Boeing 787-9 have on board for this flying display?
What are the negative associations with Continuous Descent Approach?
What is the range of frequencies of vibration in a helicopter due to the main rotor alone?
Do any regulatory bodies require ISO 9001 QMS certification from airlines or service providers?
Why would an airplane tip backwards during unloading?
How do you find the difference in degrees between two headings?
Are sequenced waypoints still displayed on the Navigation Display / FMS legs page?
What is the market size of high-pressure turbine blades for commercial aircraft?
How can I learn air traffic control as a high-schooler?
How are the services kept running on a plane without an APU?
Can I go into clouds if I got IFR clearance? (uncontrolled airport)
Would USAF ATC experience help in getting a civilian ATC job?
What is the typical voltage used on jet airliners?
What type of batteries are used in airline planes?
What are the airflow patterns of a helicopter when operating in ground effect?
What policies, technologies, equipment, etc is used to mitigate liquid spills in the cockpit especially during turbulence?
Why do the jet turbines spin while the engines are turned off?
How do I fill the PBN\ part in a Flight Plan Form?
What is the meaning of nose-art on the Tu-160 bomber?
Did/do any commercial passenger aircraft have showers for passenger's use?
What noises are considered worrying on a passenger flight?
What does Hawaii ATC do in the case of ICBM warnings?
Why don't modern heavy bombers have gun turrets?
How do I calculate the landing distance in a landing chart with tailwind?
Why does AH-64 Apache have its radar over its rotors?
What can a new student pilot do on their own to prepare for class and instruction?
Are gate ramps sloped?
Why is London City getting a virtual tower?
What is the real impact of biofuels on aviation?
How good is the ground visibility by a moonless night In the Grand Canyon?
Why does the C-2 left inboard stab not have a rudder?
What drives N1 during a jet engine start?
Why are visual approaches (in the US) preferred by US pilots, but not European pilots?
What kind of delay does the A320's fly-by-wire system add?
How does a helicopter hover?
Flight Training in US as an Alien
How are rotary engines controlled?
Would a rotating skin design mitigate the heating problem limiting hypersonic flight?
Does the 747-8 / A380 nose-wheel encounter more weight during braking?
Can an online course replace "ground school"?
What kind of plane could be leased back to a flight school?
Does a class E airspace still exist when the associated airport is closed?
Why does the F-117 Nighthawk look different than other stealth planes?
Why was the F-117 retired so quickly?
Which airplane types never crashed?
Can I get pop-up IFR clearance to waypoint (intersection)?
How do commercial pilots know turbulence is ahead?
How would a new "clean sheet" General Aviation piston engine with all the latest technology differ from existing Continental/Lycoming types?
How does one develop artificial stabilization for aircraft uncontrollable without it?
What makes inertial guidance unsuitable for auto-land?
Does an overhaul reset the 'life limit' of a turbine engine?
How do contrails form?
How can the zero-lift drag coefficient (parasitic drag) be calculated?
Do fighter jets use elevators as ailerons?
What are the main components of the Airbus fly-by-wire system? Is ECAM related to FBW?
Why are the character keys on the Flight Management Computer in alphabetical order?
What is the maximum weight on the main gear of a large aircraft at rotation and touchdown?
What is the sweep angle of the Boeing 787's horizontal stabilizers?
Is it possible to add "planets" to the gearbox of a Trent 1000?
What is the distance unit on a navigation display?
How does jet training work for private pilots? Are there jet trainers?
Are the items in newbie "kits" actually used during or after training?
Can I log simulated instrument time in a simulator as a CFII?
Why aren't there brake lights on aircraft?
Do wingtip vortices really only form when airplane wheels are separated from the ground?
Are there any failure-proof instruments on commercial airliners?
Do some right-handed pilots fail to use the left stick of an Airbus?
What experimental techniques should one employ during cruise flight to determine correct airspeed to fly for max range in a headwind or tailwind?
How is proper CG maintained in ultralight pusher aircraft?
How are modern fighters cleaned?
How does engine exhaust temperature affect contrail formation and why?
Are there regulatory bodies for investigating UAV accidents?
Is center tank fuel required to start the 737-800 engines?
How can I calculate the angle of attack of an airfoil?
What is the purpose of the small wheel at the end of the F-14’s launch bar?
Can a PPL holder fly family and friends aboard an A380?
How to read the Appleman chart to predict contrail formation?
Throughout aviation history, what airships were metal clad?
How will the Boom SST not require an afterburner?
When calculating the lift coefficient,should I use only the lift provided by wings, or also the net upward forces of the entire aircraft?
How do elevons work to roll a flying wing?
Does the FAA maintain pilot records from before 1998?
Does a "take-off" assist make sense for electric aircraft?
How to guess the actual name of the SID, waypoint, etc., if you have never seen it when told by ATC?
What's the purpose of "over G" penalties in Red Bull Air Race?
Why do delta wings generate less lift at a particular angle of attack compared to straight wings?
How do the compressor stages keep spinning after start in a free turbine?
Which frequencies does VDL Mode 2 use when used via the ATN (rather than ACARS)?
How to calculate coefficient of drag for a particular shape?
When does a 'flaps/slats misconfiguration' warning sound during takeoff roll?
How strong would a servo motor need to be to power the control surfaces of a fixed wing ultralight aircraft?
Do autopilots have an 'activate' switch/button, in addition to 'on' and 'off'?
How does one reverse direction on a VOR radial?
How dangerous was this approach of a Dash8 Q400 really?
Where to find the callsigns of the en route controllers?
Does EASA allow IFR, NVFR or SVFR in gliders?
Why doesn't civil navigation equipment support TACAN?
Are there helicopters with vertically mounted turbines?
Why weren't the rotor tips of the Djinn directly fed from the turbine's exhaust?
Why is deploying speed brakes not recommended with the flaps extended?
What's the appropriate course of action if an airliner bounces 5-10 feet on touchdown?
What is the reason for the different types of valve heads (mushroom, tulip, semi tulip) in reciprocating engines?
What is the range of amplitude of vibration in a helicopter?
Are transport gliders used by modern armies?
What range or variation should we expect from gyroscope in a helicopter?
How much does the FAA private pilot's license checkride cost?
Can a helicopter fly without a tail rotor?
What are the effects of a rejected takeoff?
Where to find the LSA exporting requirements from the USA?
When did the color orange enter flight test?
What is the typical procedure if an engine fails during a vertical takeoff?
What is a possible reason for an L-1011 wing fuel tank overflow?
Does a glider pilot with a PC canopy need to protect himself from UV radiation?
Is pumping the control column an acceptable technique during flare?
How do airlines handle SIGMETS?
Would removing heat from the compressor and adding heat to the turbine increase a gas turbine's efficiency?
Is the flight management system software independent from the hardware?
How do contemporary Russian jet engines compare to Western ones?
How does the LIP package which is standard on the A320NEO enable to approach at a slower speed?
Which radio frequency is used during a flight interception?
How is varying modulation depth achieved by localizer ground transmitters?
Would increasing the number of wheels of a Jumbo reduce the braking distance?
Would propellers be more efficient if they were mounted at the rear of the aircraft?
Why do outboard spoilers deploy more than the inboard spoiler on the A320?
When are the engine bleed air, APU and packs turned on in the B737?
does the compressor section of a jet engine creates a depression in front of it, due to air be sucked at a great rate
What is the best VFR route to CYKZ (ButtonVille) when approaching from the southeast?
What exactly is the airspace above CYYZ (Toronto)?
Who pays for Rescue response?
How do I calculate density altitude by hand?
What were the J47's turbine blades made of?
How much lift comes from the fuselage on modern jets?
Why does the B-52 outboard engine nacelle have a sharp change in shape?
What type of engines are used on the RNLAF KDC-10 and KC-10's?
What Caused the Engine-Failure of Southwest Airlines Flight WN-3472?
What is the busiest route of Turkish Airlines in 2017?
What are the benefits of using thick trailing edge flaps?
Why are only some aircraft in this formation creating contrails?
Is corrected astigmatism disqualifying for an EASA Class 1 medical?
What is the difference between a tail slide and a whip stall?
Why does Turkish Airlines avoid Israel when going to Amman, but not on the return leg?
How to find out what engine a plane had in the past?
When to climb and when to descend when faced with icing?
Why does the Trent XWB have intermediate compressor stages?
When do pilots have to submit position reports?
Airbus towing: is it necessary to switch on the Y HYD pump?
Why do the old A320s have a lower tailwind limitation compared to the newer enhanced ones?
Who was the first flight test engineer?
How many aircraft types are cabin crew qualified for?
Do the landing gear modules rotate?
What regulation allows airlines to require flight attendants to work up to 20 hours?
What guidance is there for pilots when reporting braking action?
Is N1 and N2 and any N speed the revolutions per second for the rotor blades of compressors?
How does a higher temperature when programmed in the FMGC affect REC MAX FL?
Why doesn't the black box also record video?
Why is it called "STBY RUD" on a Boeing 737?
What is Mode B on the transponder?
Is there a fixed-wing aircraft that uses a scissor propeller configuration?
Why must some 'dangerous items' be in check-in baggage?
What is this red dashed line between door and cockpit window?
Why do pilots cut the reverse thrust below 40 km/h?
Do pilots have to stop at the hold position of the takeoff runway?
What is the optimum design: elliptical lift distribution or elliptical span loading parameter distribution?
Which antenna on an commercial airline airplane is used for the transponder (SSR)?
Do fighter jets have an auxiliary power unit?
How many turbine powered aircraft are in the air at any given time?
Why does stall speed decrease when flaps are deployed?
How is fuel planning done for a VFR flight that involves multiple full stops?
Does FAR 91.155c apply to class E surface extensions?
Does an SVFR clearance extend to Echo surface extensions?
Is a weak battery a valid reason to reject a rented aircraft?
What are the relations between stability, controllability and maneuverability?
Do I need complex endorsement in each class or type of aircraft?
Why do we feel gravity on a plane?
How does thrust reverser selection have a destabilising effect on the rudder and increase the lateral skidding tendency of the aircraft?
Where can I find accident statistics on zero gravity flights?
How many Inertial Reference Systems are on a commercial aircraft?
What do different runway depictions mean in the Chart Supplement?
Which manufacturer produced this fan blade?
Why do zero gravity flights not stall?
How do we calculate top of descent (TOD) in flight?
How is the range/fuel computed when there is a 3-hour difference for the same route?
How are arriving aircraft assigned to runways?
On Air France 447, what would have been the lowest altitude to initiate recovery after the stall developed?
Are there any precision approaches that use only GNSS/LAAS?
How do radio communications work en-route for intercontinental flights over the oceans?
How do solo fighter pilots sleep?
What does "CC (Charlie Charlie)" mean when pilots reply to ATC?
How big can a pulsejet be?
Why does a Phugoid occur? How can it be eliminated?
Would installing 6 engines on an Airbus A380 and or Boeing 747-800 achieve a shorter take off distance?
Do aircraft tyres have inner tubes?
What is the air temperature inside of a tire right after landing?
Are nose wheel tyres designed differently from the main wheel tyres?
What aircraft manufacturer uses an HSI with DME, VOR, and G/S in one Instrument?
Can I shoot any approach at an uncontrolled airport in VMC without any clearance?
How does the airfoil pitching moment relate to center of pressure?
How should I request flight following when I'm not taking a direct route to my destination?
What is the relationship between mountain breeze and air pressure?
Is a turboprop or a turbofan more eco-friendly?
How do propeller planes suddenly make noise?
Why would an airplane fly in parallel, straight, closely spaced lines?
Are en-route ATC callsigns standardized?
Is a non-WAAS Garmin 530 certified for an LNAV/VNAV approach?
How was the 'steer' bearing given?
What is the physics of crosswind landings for large airplanes?
What is the name for yaw, pitch and roll together?
Does extension of flaps 1, 2, 5 or 10 increase descent rates?
Why do some airplanes fly at a very low speed (like this one) at a speed of 433 km/h (234 knots) at a whopping high altitude of 26,500 ft?
"Total time away from gate", "Longest time away from gate" - what does this mean?
Can different airliners of the same type feel different to a pilot?
Is it possible to create a specific crash site at every airport?
Are new airliners less safe than older the two first years after they are marketed?
Why does the Boeing 787 use Cabin Air Compressors (CACs)?
Can I land a helicopter by controlling only power, not angle of attack?
Does a Boeing 737 NG have Air Data Modules for the standby Pitot probe and static pressure port?
What rating can I add to a commercial certificate with the least time/effort?
Would tubofan aircraft benefit from adjustable fan blades?
Why aren’t airliners powered gliders?
Where can I find a free list of ICAO and IATA airport identifiers?
Why is Emirates not considering buying or leasing used A380s?
I have really intense ear pain during descent in commercial flights. Would it be better or worse if I was flying a small non-pressurized plane?
What are the components of a crew pairing?
How can I plan a VFR flight through controlled airspace, without knowing what instructions ATC will give me?
What callsigns do UK Medical Emergency Response Teams use?
Can the fly-by-wire system of a modern airliner handle an unstable condition?
Do FDRs & CVRs (black boxes) have an in-service life span?
What are the effects of headwind strength on landing?
Do flights of a specific callsign always depart and arrive at the same airports?
How should I build removable wings on a home build?
Do I need a trim tab system on my twin tail?
Can there be more than one airway with the same name in the world?
Why do the wing tips on the Boeing 777X fold up instead of down?
What is this G1000 Flight Plan Symbol?
Why is FAC 1 cycled OFF to ON during a dual engine failure?
Why do brushless motors heat up?
Does ATC react to pilot position reports?
Which flap is better suited? Split or Plain?
Would a slower speed and lower altitude reduce fatal incidents?
How can I create a fly-over waypoint in the G1000?
Does the FAA issue multiple physical certificates for different aircraft categories and privileges?
Why did fly-by-wire systems take so long to implement?
What is the proper procedure when a passenger seat belt becomes inoperable during flight?
Why do we need to fly at lower altitudes at night to prevent hypoxia?
How could the Helios 522 passengers have survived so long without oxygen?
What is the total lift equation of a helicopter with 3 Flettner rotors?
What is the difference between variable and transient bleed valves?
What is a "round-robin flight", in layman's terms?
Is "Pull up and be ready" standard phraseology?
How exactly am I supposed to notify ATC when I fly my drone? (UAS)
Differenciate- the motion of "Nose-up trim" and "Nose-down trim"
What is the reference point for AGL?
Why the plane can not taxi backward?
Can I request VFR flight following in a practice area and without a flight plan?
Why would Emirates fly over Iraq, avoiding Iran?
Where can I find airport diagrams from airports all over the world?
Which simulator is appropriate to learn the minimum to land an airliner?
Are altimeters calibrated to ISA geopotential altitude or ISA geometric altitude?
What happens when all electrical systems in a helicopter fail?
Is Flight Following in the USA directly equivalent to Basic Service in the UK?
Would it be possible to build an engine twice the size of the Trent 900?
How much fuel does an A380 hold and where?
Is the entire length of a B747 or A380 wing used as a fuel tank?
How much do the V-22 Osprey's wings weigh?
What is the maximum legal flight time for single pilots under Part 91/135 operations?
Is it possible to power a B-52 bomber with four bypass turbofan engines?
What is the theoretical maximum speed of a rocket-powered aircraft in the atmosphere?
Is there currently any heat shielding and paint for speeds of up to Mach 6?
As a student pilot can I fly solo hours from any airport?
Is there a wake turbulence difference between B737s?
Why are the largest civilian aircraft not adapted for military use?
Do turnbuckles twist the flight control wires?
Do airlines in Middle East use higher cost indexes?
How can some stretched derivative airplanes have longer range while most have less?
What flaps position should be used for taking off from a wet runway?
What license woud an ex-military aircraft (E.g, L-39) go under according to the UK-CAA, an EASA licence or a non-EASA license?
What does it mean when a track "straddles north"?
Where can I find the number of airlines?
Why does Airbus continue with the A330-800neo despite only having 6 orders?
Why did the flight Osaka -> Frankfurt circle above the airport after taking off from Osaka International?
Why don't we treat all takeoffs as short field in GA?
In the old days, why didn't aircraft use simpler systems to land on a Carrier?
Why would an airport have a beacon light on when there's no traffic?
What is this abandoned plane?
If an accident were to occur at a cross-border airport, who would investigate?
What is this device mounted on the fuselage of Lufthansa planes?
What is the shape of the power required curve?
What is the function of ECS in airplane?
How can business jets use slot coordinated airports?
When and how do I align with the runway during an offset ILS approach?
Why is a (jet) engine in flight shutdown so critical?
What is the optimum speed for takeoff flaps?
Identify which aircraft it is?
Is there a limit to the possible altitude for electric jets?
At what operating temperatures would the Trent 900 need to operate, to equate to the efficiency of current geared turbofans?
At what temperatures would the gearing for geared turbofans be rendered unnecessary?
Is it possible for an Airbus A380 to operate with 8 of the largest geared turbofans instead of 4 Trent 900 engines?
How large are the pilot rest areas of the A380 and B747-8?
If a pilot's plane suddenly and unintentionally becomes inverted, what is the pilot's best course of action?
What exactly is the meaning of "detent" in aviation?
What is the difference between HFEC and LFEC inspections?
Alternate for jet fuel
Is there a database of European surveillance radar installations?
How is the airfoil of a fixed wing ultralight constructed?
Has there ever been an aircraft with three sets of flight controls?
What is the difference between GVI and DVI?
What aerodynamic improvements allow variable geometry wings to be omitted on modern fighter aircraft?
Why is Landing Altitude displayed in amber on B777?
Why do helicopter rotors have constant section and angle of attack?
What is the history of "Joker" and "Bingo" fuel terms?
What happens at the wings when the yoke is pulled backwards?
Why can the aircraft not turn on pitot heaters itself?
Does a "climb and maintain" instruction override a "climb via the SID" one?
Why haven't the remaining TRSAs been converted to Class C airspace?
How are the wing control surfaces configured for takeoff?
Are 360s by a B777 common in the holding pattern?
How to set frequency and distance in ARINC 429?
When was the pitot-based ASI first used on aircraft?
If the speed of wind at ground is 200 kn, could an Airliner land vertically if it's course is opposite to the wind's direction?
Does any one know if the PFD or ND or any other screen on an commercial aircraft work like a computer or something else?
What happens if an aircraft's hydraulic system starts leaking during a flight?
Rolling take off compared to take off from a standstill
How hazardous is it if an engine cowl falls off?
In what situation could the maximum ramp mass limit the allowed take off mass?
What is meant by a “cold soak" of an APU?
Where can I find a database of SIDs, STARs and approaches?
Is there a standard place to find detailed wiring circuit and component information for different aircraft?
Any script to plot multi axis FDR / flight-test data (such as the ones used in air crash investigation)?
Would pressurised air holes on supersonic aircraft mitigate the heat problem?
What documentation do Airbus/Boeing supply at initial delivery of an aircraft?
How can a modified ramjet produce static thrust without a turbine?
Why doesn't the A320 pack flow indicate HI as it should?
What design features or systems help to prevent a hard nose landing?
If a plane lands vertically in a strong headwind, what will the pilot do to exit the runway?
How do we find the breaking point of an old braced wing?
Reason for limited engine fuselage on Sukhoi fighter aircraft?
If maximum speed was a priority for modern military fighter jets and bombers, approximately how fast would they likely be?
Flying on one engine
Why does the PA28 only have one door?
Did these weather conditions require the airline to cancel a flight?
How are military jets given official names?
How is the area of flaps determined?
Which countries in Europe allow for the use of Pilot-Controlled-Light?
How do helicopters avoid colliding?
How could a twin aisle aircraft (Boeing NMA) ever have a single aisle (A321) economics?
Should landing on a runway that has been closed by NOTAM be a violation of the FARs?
What are the conditions for an airfoil to be a "thin airfoil?"
Is it possible to swap RR trent 900 engines to GP 7200 for existing A380 air frame?
What are some unique engineering challenges in designing large, widebody aircraft that do not apply to regional/corporate jets?
Why does Boeing use two different door-types (B757 hinge vs. B767 slide)?
Which aircraft is a single-prop, low-wing aircraft with prominent rivets and three canopy windows?
What are the eyesight requirements for a medical certificate in India?
what is the difference between max nose wheel steering angle and effective steering angle?
FADEC or EEC for PT6-42A...is it feasible?
Is it really required for a pilot to have good eye sight?
What would FAA controllers be referring to when mentioning "code 0027?"
What kind of material should I use for rudder skins?
How are empennage airfoils chosen?
How is fuel weight calculated?
What is the difference between climb angle and flight path climb angle?
Aircraft Carrier Launches: ABE Checks and Signals
What is the tolerance of SSR against signal frequency shifts?
How do one day simulator courses work?
How do partial- and full flaps compare for gusty approaches?
Why would the engine quit when turning on the R magneto after an overhaul?
How is the drift corrected in INS-driven attitude/heading indicators?
How can I calculate the fuel weight fraction for a single-engine turbofan GA aircraft?
Where can I find information about the safety record of Westwind Air Service in Arizona?
What fundamental differences separate low-budget airlines from traditional airlines?
How did the service ceiling certification change in the 70s?
How does climb-rate vary with density/pressure altitude?
Does ETOPS apply to Part 125 operations?
Is making faster military fighters even practical?
Are canards useful for ultra low flying aircraft?
Why didn't Air India always fly DEL-SFO over the Pacific?
Why not tow aircraft instead of single-engine taxi?
Why would a plane descend rapidly in uncontrolled manner after a steep turn?
How do I choose the correct airfoil?
What does Lockheed have to do to mark the end of the F-35's SDD?
Why does the radome on the AWACS rotate?
What other circumstances may cause the autopilot to trip out?
What does it mean for N1/N2 to float?
What are the names of these aircraft?
Where can I find blueprints for the Wright Model HS?
How will aiport operations at KOAK be affected when taxiway W is promoted to a runway?
What different intake designs are there, and what are their pros and cons?
What are the names of these aircraft? Part.2
For how long is an engine start clearance valid?
What causes the "growl" of some large turbofans at takeoff thrust?
What is this high-wing jet airplane?
What dictates the A320's 'emergency ram air inlet' operation?
(B737s) Why is the automatic activation range of the AUTO mode in flight limited to "between idle and 5%"?
Where do aerodynamical contrails get their condensation nuclei from, when forming at high altitude?
What altitude should you cross DBIGE at on the PALLEY FIVE Departure (SID)?
How to handle vacuum and turn coordinator failure in IMC?
Can I log PIC time while flying solo in an R22 toward a helicopter addon?
Is this just a generic B737 or does it have a specific name?
What biplane is this model modelled after?
Is this a 737-800 or 737 MAX 8?
What flying machine is this model?
What closed-cockpit biplane is this model modelled after?
How do you program circular flight plans in GPS?
Going from VFR in Class B to IFR
Do any other nations have an equivalent of the "Air Force One" call sign?
Can I compute the lift coefficient based on the NACA airfoil?
Why did the turbojet replace the piston engine?
What trimotor is this model?
What is that wire on the picture?
How to perform an operational test on the attitude and heading indicators?
May planes be flown above the maximum certified altitude?
Why does one announce "Thrust Set"?
Is there a taxi turning radius requirement for normal category aircraft?
How can I find out the reason for an aborted takeoff?
Should I connect the AR6203 COM radio to the GMA324 audio panel using symmetric or asymmetric wiring?
How long can I use an FAA license in Colombia without having to validate it?
What WWI biplane is this model?
Is a weather briefing required?
Why are there no "sleeper" planes?
How hard is it to fly a US-registered private jet over Cuba?
What is the mathematical relation between CLmax and Reynolds number?
What do the tail numbers on aircraft mean?
Aside from the Stratolaunch, how many other aircraft have split bodies?
Are the details of flight control laws the same for every fly-by-wire Airbus aircraft or are they only the same within the specific family?
What are the off-airfield rules for private helicopters in New Zealand?
How HF wire antennas on older aircraft are protected from lightning and static discharge?
Is the Airbus Beluga's safety record comparable with the record of other Airbuses?
What class airspace is depicted in the magenta colored area southeast of the Lake Havasu City, Arizona AIrport?
Did Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation fix this GPWS problem?
FAA Turbine engine FCU regulations
How should I read these climb and descent profile notations?
What technical problems stopped scramjets from being used on hypersonic aircraft?
Can I fly a UAS that weighs more than 55lbs if I'm on private property?
How expensive would it be for ejection seats to be installed on commuter planes?
What is the up-to-date disposition towards narcolepsy in the U.S.A. for obtaining a pilot license?
Do takeoffs and landings in a Pilatus PC-12 count for currency in a Piper Archer?
Do small aircraft have sockets for passenger headsets?
How exactly can an airship lose lift?
What are the differences between single and double annular combustion chambers?
What is the minimum distance allowed between planes in flight, in Europe?
Is there any particular reason the A380 doesn't have a centre wing tank?
What is the weight of the bulletproof cockpit doors of a Boeing 747?
Do Airbus aircraft fitted with ACT have additional fuel system controls?
Is the official weather report for an airport in Class D airspace controlling for its Class E surface extension?
Is there a rule of thumb for spacing between jet engines?
Why do planes overfly Moffett Field before landing?
why would an aircraft use 3 red flashing lights?
How does a subsonic jet engine intake design ensure correct air intake?
What is the difference between an APU and an ATS?
What error is left uncorrected when "fast IRS align" is done?
Where do I find the Weight Variants of an Airbus aircraft?
Is it a common airline practice to base T/O speeds on the actual T/O weight when an assumed temp thrust is used?
What floatplane is this model?
Why did my IAH-SYD flight avoid Mexican airspace?
What is the difference between a VOR and a VORTAC?
Is my understanding of subsonic inlets correct?
Why do aircraft fly over land rather than over the Adriatic Sea?
Which American State Aircraft use the RVSM exemption?
Can I️ log this as total time?
Does a 40 years clean crashes sheet of airliner makes people fear to fly with them because there is bigger pressure on the company?
Does ducting help to stabilise heavy lift drones?
Why do we have to perform a normal APU shutdown if a fuel spillage occurs?
What is a "flare-out" and why does auto-thrust reduce thrust during flare-out?
I am 14 and want to be a pilot but don’t know how
Can compressor blades be made larger to increase thrust and efficiency?
What would a pilot do if a medical emergency occurs slightly further from the destination than the nearest diversion?
Under what circumstances can Part 91 allow compensation for air transportation?
Can an ultrasonic sensor mounted on a drone pick up another drone strongly enough to sense and avoid?
The AFDS and A/T do not control to a speed which is less than minimum speed for the current flap configuration?
S-tec 50 with gns 430
Can gas turbine engines be used for railways
Is it allowed to fly a right traffic pattern when a left traffic pattern is published (IFR)?
Why is this plane flying in such a tight circle?
Are pilots over the age of 65 allowed to act as PIC for ferry flights between the UK and Canada?
What is the relationship between speed, torque and pitch in a helicopter?
How works the system of frequency for aircraft commercial Airline
Could maintenance data be downloaded via ATC facilities?
In WW2, were self-sealing fuel tanks really cost-beneficial?
Is it practical to use wires to stiffen rotor arms?
Can someone identify this crash?
Are there standard visual cues or other methods for flaring in a B737-800?
Why would the front edge of an aileron fold outward?
How do the Kaman K-225 rotor "planes" work?
What's the difference between "dumping" and "jettisoning" fuel?
What is it called when you roll without yawing or pitching?
Have there ever been any JATO bottles using only kerosene?
How A330-200 or 243 would be much safer under the ETOPS terms?
What body creates legally binding aviation regulations in Europe?
Has a jet "engine" ever been made that only uses the thrust from the bypass air and doesn't have a combustion chamber?
Which American twin tilt-rotor aircraft is this a scale-model of?
If I've done multiple checkrides, when is my next flight review due?
Why are airplanes called ‘she’?
Can an aircraft be stalled at low altitude and safely land on water?
What are the equations of motions for parafoils?
What is the flight trajectory of a commercial airplane in regards to altitude v/s distance?
Should reliance on Auto-Flight Systems continue to increase in favor of manual flying skills?
What is the reference chord for AoA measurement or calculation in a twisted wing?
Is military grade jet fuel more expensive than civilian grade?
How does a PFD handle unphysically abrupt changes in the parameters it's displaying?
Can I do a CAT III ILS approach if minimums are above CAT I?
Can the airport name be omitted when contacting ATC if the frequency is not used by any other nearby airports?
What is “abnd” on the U.S. VFR Sectional Chart?
Are there any "captains-only" airports in the U.S.?
Is this equation for propeller thrust correct?
Can a lost aircraft get a DF Steer?
How do general aviation airports inspect their runways?
Can the FAA stop the municipality owned airport from closing down?
Are you cleared to next altitude when you get "direct" while flying SID?
What inspection packages commercial airliners follow which make them more reliable than a C-130?
Does wing sweep affect the direction of lift?
Why we had two empty rows on busy Ryanair flight Boeing 737-800 and no one was allowed to seat there?
How could this weird shaped aircraft Airbus Beluga fly only with two engines and use short runways?
Why is the landing distance increased on grass runways?
What should I study to understand basics of aircraft construction?
What were the procedures to follow in US Airways Flight 1549 during descent?
How do small unmanned fixed wing aircraft protect themselves against lightning strikes?
How are fuel tanks cleaned out?
Where did the 22NM come from in acceptable VOR signal on a MOCA? Why 22NM?
Heaviest Boeing vs Airbus aircraft: Why large (150 ton) difference in Weights?
Why do high altitude sky-divers say 'Exit' multiple times?
Are there any aircraft where the wings are swept forward of the cockpit?
What is the flap adjustment angle for delta wing Aircraft for take off?
What are the role and responsibilities of "fleet captains"?
A320neo family IATA codes
Stick in center console, how to easily write down clearances and other similar information?
I am an author doing research.
On acquiring an aircraft for my own PPL training and later use
Why is the first turbine in a turboprop (or turboshaft) connected to the compressor?
Why do wall-to-wall airfoils in wind tunnels produce no (or infinitesimal) downwash?
Is it always the case that any one STAR leads to all the runways?
How are the hours that count toward fatigue limits calculated by the FAA?
Why does a turbofan engine force bypass air into a smaller space?
How should an aviation novice evaluate 'flight experience' or 'flight training' services?
What is the maximum decibel noise level of a stage 4 rated engine?
61.113 - is paying your pro rata share limited to the time you are in the plane?
If both propellers and wings are airfoils, then why do propellers deflect air perpendicularly to the rotor, but wings not?
What happens if full thrust is applied at cruise altitude for 5-10 minutes on a 787?
What action should the pilot take when a TCAS RA (Resolution Advisory) provides opposite guidance to ATC instructions?
What twin engine is this USAF-painted plane?
How does EEC/FADEC recognize/anticipate engine acceleration/deceleration?
Does the safe taxi distance vary behind jet types for light aircraft?
What is the hole located below the 2nd or 3rd window of Boeing 737?
Is it possible to fly a B-24 under Bixby Bridge?
When do the Boeing 737 Next Generation aircraft reach End-of-life?
If the static port get blocked, and no alternate static air source is fitted, will the transponder keep provide mode C?
What are the regulations regarding the safety briefings and harness designs for open-door helicopters?
Why B-52 engines produce lots of smoke only during take-off?
Does a previous AFSP approval get invalidated when making a new training request?
How does ATC locate a stealth aircraft if its transponder fails?
Where is the weather data for the Garmin G1000 retrieved from?
How does the propeller position affect the effectiveness of control surfaces?
Why don't airliners use crescent wings?
Do pilots of modern aircrafts still use maps, gps and compasses to find airports?
How is separation managed when there are only two parallel runways in a very busy airport?
Are private jets allowed to land at London Heathrow?
Does the FAA restrict the color of pilot seat belts?
How long does it take to assemble an Airbus A380?
What are the types of NOTAMs and how do USA NOTAMs differ from the ICAO definitions?
What is the meaning of the letters on the side(s) of WWII British aircraft?
Are overhead bins airtight?
Why local(section) lift coefficient(CLL) is higher near the wing tips compared to the root on untwisted tapered wings and untwisted swept(aft) wings?
If a winglet disconnected from an airplane mid-flight, what would be the consequences?
Is it possible to isolate COM1 and COM2 on a Garmin G1000?
Slow Flight for CFI/Commercial Pilot - Should the gear be up or down?
What is the purpose of long endurance test flights?
At what Mach Number do variable cycle engines (VCEs) start showing benefits over turbofans?
Where to find the aircraft maintenance manual for the Falcon 2000?
How to get the true altitude in non-standard temperature using a regular barometric altimeter?
What are the effects of camber location in an airfoil?
Why don't single-engine jets suffer severe gyroscopic effects?
Do any newer production aircraft use venturis as a backup vacuum source?
Is my understanding of magnetic variation and declination (for a VOR) correct?
How does the reverse thrust work while landing?
How does an increase in climb rate affect climb gradient?
Do commercial airlines have procedures for evacuating pets from the cabin in an emergency?
How are flaps sized in order to give necessary delta CLmax?
How to calculate the location of C.G. A.C. & N.P. in static longitudinal stability?
What is the purpose of the 787 engines extending on landing?
Is it illegal to partially block the aisle on a passenger airliner?
Why are there no supersonic propellor driven aircraft?
How does the capacity of 2 parallel runways compare to single runway?
Would a ducted fan with a nozzle like a jet engine have more thrust than a normal ducted fan?
Why turn mobile phones off on take off and landing?
Do Federal Regulations really require compliance with all crewmember instructions?
Delta fleet plans - all Airbus? (and Bombardier)
Can an aircraft engine be started midair?
Is there a list of aircraft types to be used with a callsign?
Need some help with a seemingly simple question
How long can a passenger aircraft glide without engine power?
Why do landing gear tires smoke upon touchdown?
Do pilots have separate volume knobs on the radio panel?
What does the last 'B' in 'GEnx-2B67B' stand for?
What solutions are there against deep stalls?
What are the tools that aid accurate tiller-steering in large airliners?
How to carry out a CFD simulation for determining the stability derivatives of an aeroplane?
What course of action to take when having to go missed during IMC and lost comms?
Are there references for the different maneuver configurations?
Why does this statement about intrastate aviation in Alaska appear in airworthiness directives?
What would be the effect of skinning over the gap in fixed leading-edge slats?
Why does flying not have any age restrictions like driving does?
How is tire rubber removed from the runway?
The FARs "require" the wearing of parachutes for certain types of maneuvers. Is parachute training required?
If the Quadcopter is a MIMO Nonlinear System, How Can it be Controlled using PID?
What skills do aviators have uniquely that could cross over to another industry?
Why disable stall warning based only on low airspeed, rather than multiple criteria?
Can someone identify this scrapped high-wing plane?
Why at some airports/airfields you need to fly a non-standard circuit/pattern?
What sensors are required to fly RNAV 5 airways?
Headset for both plane and heli: buy for plane, use adapter for heli, or vice versa?
How can I deal with insurance requirements for flight hours and training in order to carry passengers?
How effective was WWII bombers self defense anti-air armament?
What are the effects of rotating airfoil sections to match wing's dihedral?
Why would FlightAware show this meandering flight path?
How would a low-airspeed fixed-wing drone be designed to reduce effects from gusts and wind shear?
Is there a speed needed to achieve flight?
Under FAR Part 121, is it mandatory to execute a missed approach when unable to land within the touchdown zone?
Is responding to an internet forum post looking for a scenic flight "holding out"?
What is so special about new Russian jet engine called PD-14?
What aircraft is this twin prop?
Can aircraft depart/arrive after another aircraft has sprayed snow on the runway?
Do runway markings vary from country to country?
Are steam gauges more reliable than glass panels?
Which atmospheric factors that can affect the performance of an aircraft while flying a circuit?
How to calculate the distance between two waypoints on an approach plate?
Why is a weight and balance graph lozenge-shaped?
What is this 11-engine airplane?
Do stunt jets use laser distance meters to align with one another to maintain formations?
Can a PPL be a safety pilot?
Is 'cost sharing' different between jet and prop powered aircraft?
Do I need 35 hours of ground school for knowledge test for PPL?
Why are parking brakes not used for parking jetliners?
Can regular emergency exits not work after crashlanding?
How can I use a window for an emergency exit?
Why do chunks of aircraft debris float?
What makes the left engine on a conventional twin-engine aircraft the critical one?
Why is there a relationship between maneuvering speed and weight?
Are German, Japanese, and Chinese companies not able to build aircraft jet engines on their own?
How are foreign militaries regulated in the USA?
Was a point system implemented to train pilots to land on aircraft carriers?
How does an API (air position indicator) work?
What should be the minimum time spent in cruise (for e.g. a B737)?
In what way are the airfoils used for a propeller different from the ones used in turbofan engine?
Why the 747 testing GE-9X doesnt have a winglet?
What is the difference between F-16C and JF-17 in terms of role?
Would this be an accurate method of fuel consumption comparison?
Can I use radar service instead of DME or GPS for this ILS approach?
How is the centre of lift estimated for airplane models before they are being mounted in a wind tunnel?
Why did the B25 Mitchell have no belly gunner?
How is the TCAS negotation information encoded?
Could an ultralight hypothetically takeoff without power on if it were windy enough?
Do the cabin announcements follow a common protocol?
Can you be a monocular airline pilot in Europe?
How does the FAA define fuel capacity for ultralights?
How are jet engine RPM cycles used to monitor LCF life?
Which aluminium alloy is used in the Boeing 747's fuselage?
Why did Air India 139 fly so far south?
Do LED lights work well for CAT III B operations?
Why don't most military transports use modern commercial engines?
How will a prolonged series of steep turns produce a stall in subsequent level flight?
Can I fly in Europe using an FAA Statement of Demonstrated Ability (SODA)?
Do FAA endorsements have to use the current language word-for-word?
Why don't El Al 747's stay at the gates at JFK?
Are there FAA rules about changing an airport name from Municipal to Regional?
What was the aerial chase scene plane in 'Murder in the Clouds'?
What does the "D" symbol mean on this instrument approach chart?
What’s the difference between a tail number and a Manufacturer's Serial Number?
If a circling airplane (AC-130) fires a bullet how does the plane's trajectory alter the shell's flight path?
What clues would have indicated KAL 902 was off course?
How common are missile defense systems on civil airplanes?
Can an ADS-B In/Out equipped aircraft increase ground station coverage?
What could cause an engine shutdown on a Q400 with CDS codes 732, 907, 915 and 938?
Why does XKCD say that autogyros will crash if the pilot reacts to a stall as in a normal airplane?
Is the time pilots are commuting considered rest time?
What are ways to reduce drag and noise generated by the landing gear?
How to choose between BasicMed an a Class III Medical?
How can you find AGL if the altimeter is set to MSL?
Can an airplane engine fire be extinguished without shutting down the engine?
Can an FAA Pilot Examiner accept BasicMed in place of a medical certificate from a checkride applicant?
What is this NASA UAV, and what is its function?
How did Northrop Grumman propose to make the Global Hawk nuclear powered?
Is this XKCD comic list about autogyro features accurate?
Is there still a minimum height required for becoming a Lufthansa pilot?
Is pressure lower than ambient on the pressure (bottom) side of an airfoil?
How can an inexperienced pilot tell if the weather is good enough for flying?
What is the reason behind the colors used for different flight categories?
Does FAR Part 121 require at least 45 minutes of fuel remaining upon landing?
How can multiple airplanes prevent simultaneous communication between ATC?
What is this old pusher propeller aircraft?
Would the twin engine Boeing Y3 be able to compete better than the Airbus A380?
Why isn't there a single start button for all systems on aircraft?
What is "temporary flight plan" in A320 MCDU?
What scale is the speed trend line on a PFD's ASI?
Can you become a commercial airline pilot in Europe while being monocular
Are afterburners required to be engaged during catapult launch?
How (and why) does engine thrust changes with airspeed?
What is the average number hours flown annually by a commercial cargo aircraft?
Why are emergency water landings the majority of the pre-flight safety briefing if they're so rare?
Does the speed of the air molecules matter in aircraft performance?
Why are aircraft coloured in yellow during construction, repair or overhaul?
125 cc engine, 64" propeller 3 blade, 180 kg gross weight, will it climb?
Can two Airlines have the same ICAO code but different IATA codes or vice versa?
Can I use parachute fabric to cover an aircraft fuselage and wings?
What does RPM mean in a propellor aircraft, compared to a jet aircraft?
Will the Honda CG 125 engine be able to lift a 200kg weight at 2100 RPM?
What is the gross weight limit for a Light Sport Aircraft?
How to select a SID during the planning stage?
What is the fuel mass flow rate at stationary full power for the CFM56 5C2/3C1 engines?
What's the difference between aquaplane and hydroplane?
Are the vortex generators on the Cessna Caravan necessary and sufficient for safety of flight?
Can I apply for ASEL and Glider class ratings at the same time?
How do aisle lights show the direction to exits?
Is there a triangle representation for the Canadian airspace?
What is the difference between a Stand and Gate in Airports? How do they differ ?
Which moments are acting on a flying airplane?
Where can I find the ownership of a specific aircraft registered in the UAE?
Can I fly a "Contact Approach" to this airport?
What's going on with sudden acceleration/deceleration in mid-air?
How should I interpret this raw SID data from the FAA?
Does the direction of rotation of the propeller affect the direction of the thrust generated?
Can some one please explain to me the purpose of the combustion chamber?
What is the EASA equivalent of the FAA's 91.517?
Why is Reverse thrust more effective at higher airspeeds?
What is the unit for ground speed reported by ADS-B?
What is the average deviation from the PAPI glide slope at the threshold?
Is feather edge bad?
How does the mechanical linkage of the airspeed indicator convert dynamic pressure to KIAS?
What is the name of the system that replaced stairs for disembarking aircraft?
What is the minimum and maximum number of jet bridges used on an Airbus A380?
How many crew members load and offload luggage on an Airbus A380?
What are "referred" speeds and "referred TET"?
Where does the Olive Branch (KOLV) class D ceiling meet the Memphis (KMEM) class B floor?
How long does AFSP processing take the second time?
What are the airworthiness requirements for transport category hybrid airships?
What is the maximum angle F-16 can turn in x seconds flying at corner speed?
Why don't FMCs automatically include up-to-date oceanic route definitions?
Why would a stretch variant need a larger horizontal stabilizer?
What is the difference between buffeting and fluttering?
Exactly where can a stowaway hide in a wheel well?
What exactly happened in this bird strike incident?
Is a pilot responsible for CTAF announcements in this scenario?
How do modern commercial aircraft handle dust storms?
When is this Class D airspace not Class D airspace?
Do I need to copy old entries to my new logbook?
What is the function of this fixed protrusion on the tail?
Could an AN/APG-79 AESA radar "lock-on" a single bird?
Can a pilot still land if the tower gives confusing Information?
Can I use PVC pipes for the rib on the wings of my homemade airplane?
If we use upper surface blowing and externally blown flap on the same wing will lift correspondingly be very high?
What is the sequence of ATC frequencies for final approach at JFK?
How common and dangerous are fume events?
Is it possible to determine the approximate climb rate of an aircraft knowing its top speed, engine power and weight?
What are the advantages of 3 spool over 2 spool turbofan engines?
Which official document lists active airport identifiers?
Is it true that there are VOR/DME and/or TACAN stations in the oceans?
What kind of aviation careers could I pursue?
What are the eyesight requirements for LPPL/LAPL in the UK?
100% Homebuilt Airplane
Is there a generic term for origin and destination seen from an airport point of view?
Why are Leading Edge Flaps (LEFs) create lift while down at slow speeds but decrease lift while down at higher speeds?
Do aircraft automatically send a message to the ground if there is a catastrophic failure?
Why is the N-number on the tail of aircraft sometimes shown in both large and small font?
Can a large aspect ratio wing be actively controlled using distributed electric propulsion to avoid getting ripped apart in wind shear?
Why is the Departure leg of the traffic pattern being mistaught as Upwind?
How are engines numbered?
What Blackbird variant is the one at the Kalamazoo Air Zoo?
What is the relation between drag and weight?
Does an aircraft with higher aspect ratio wings produce more wingtip vortices in a turn than one with lower aspect ratio wings?
Is there any alternative to isolating the vibration of an ultralight engine other than using engine mounts?
Can TCAS give an RA for one aircraft and a TA for another?
Is there any technical word to be used on Radio Telephony, to say that there is a "body air-shipped"?
Is the Embraer E190-E2 equipped with raked wingtips?
What is the aerodynamic advantage to a cuffed wing like the Cirrus SR-22?
Position update rate of GPS
Reduction in Service Ceiling / Change in RVSM
What is the maximum altitude ATC would deal with?
How to handle the formula for computing net thrust of closely coupled engine systems for an engine with a nacelle that has non-circular dimensions?
Would a coaxial propeller with the second prop slower and larger improve speed?
Do wingtip vortices cause a decrease in the lift component of aerodynamic force, and do planes need to pull more AoA to compensate?
Why is the thrust/drag increase much lower at a lower FL with weight the only variable?
What are those things under the Concorde’s cockpit windows?
Are aircraft wings airtight?
What devices measure EPR & RPM on a turbofan engine?
Can I become a pilot if I have a medical/dental problem?
How are turbine blades overhauled?
What is the background of the maximum altitude formula?
How practical might it be, to carry military tanks by helicopter(s) to remote areas?
What factors are included in the moment coefficient of a wing?
Do airline pilots get to go home often to see their family and have a break from flying planes. If so, how many days?
What is it called when an airplane has to circle because it can't land?
Why does increasing thrust on one engine make the plane roll and not yaw?
What's the difference between "HAND OFF" and "HAND OVER"?
Is there a minimum start altitude for autorotation landings?
What are the particular challenges faced when landing at Bristol airport (UK)?
Are there any differences between turbofan and turbojet engines besides bypass air?
Does the Flight Data Recorder store the data locally or send it to an offsite backup while in flight?
What are the standard ATC light signals and emergency messages?
Are high-frequency flapping wings efficient and scalable at high Reynolds numbers?
Would An-72-like (or any anhedral wing multi-engine aircraft) cruising at high speed, roll counter intuitively right, if left engine suddenly dies?
Which engine manual must a pilot legally use?
What radio equipment do pilots use to communicate with ATC?
Why does the B777-200 freighter not use the letters I, N, O and Q for deck positions?
What is the average g force experienced on takeoff for an ultralight?
Does the reference for AGL include obstacles?
Does it help to climb in case of a partial engine failure?
What type of aircraft is depicted in the Taylor Swift music video "Look What You Made Me Do"?
Would an extra fan make turbofans more efficient in cruise?
Why would a runway friction measurement improve over time?
Is a holding pattern required on the Twentynine Palms VOR for RWY 26?
What is the standard temperature used in this true altitude equation?
Why is runway friction measured at 65 km/h and 95 km/h?
Do I need Customs clearance to fly an N-registered aircraft from Italy to Switzerland?
Why do NY ARTCC Standard Operation Procedures have different altitude limits than the NY Class B airspace?
What's the name for this part on a Cessna 172P?
Why do we say "climb" and not "ascend"?
If the the body and it's wing is mostly covered with solar panels and flies with electric motors, is it possible for that aircraft to fly?
Chemtrail Conspiracy theory
How can a two-engine B787 create three contrails?
Why does the Apache create much more rotor noise than the A-129?
How to find the distance if the points are above Earth's surface?
Why is V1 based only on using brakes?
What is the name or part number of the Bose 'Lemo' aviation headset connector?
How can filling a tube with foam help prevent buckling?
What does "Crew: Top of your mind!" mean in commercial aircrafts?
Is precipitation static a concern for small drones?
Does TRACON airspace override Class B airspace in terms of control authority when controlling approach or departure procedures?
Does the parking brake provide additional deceleration in an abnormal situation?
Why doesn't G-force knock this pilot out twice?
How is maximum payload determined in the payload-range diagram?
Will this simple equation (pic attached) produce a rough estimate of the top speed of a prop driven aircraft?
Is there an aerodynamic force that would keep this experimental WW2 era prop from flying as fast as an early jet?
Pilot Jobs, where to find one? How to land one?
When did ATA introduce ATA Chapters?
Where can I find a cross sectional area plot for the A320 or other modern airliners?
When replying to ATC, callsign first or last?
In theory which causes more parasitic drag? A large smooth wing or a small, rough exhaust port?
How much more economical are planes with retractable gears vs. those with fixed gears?
How can using split throttles help when landing twins in crosswinds?
Do Airbus aircraft have an "off" position for their landing gear?
Mathematical model used in free route airspace
Do ATC displays show the target altitude that the pilot has set in the autopilot?
Engines more powerful than the brakes?
Does currency in one C172 model apply to other models?
What are the main factors that make an aircraft have good STOL performance?
Are there any negative health indications from getting sea legs?
Why do localizer/glideslopes use 90/150Hz specifically?
How much does weight really affect the operation cost?
Why does the glideslope use UHF when the localiser uses VHF band?
Could a blimp maneuver using a sail?
How does the V22 Osprey manage such high rotor speeds without shock waves?
Can I log flight training outside the US in a US-registered aircraft?
How do we determine whether the airfoil trailing edge should be cusped or pointed?
What is this USAF transport aircraft from possibly the 50-60s?
Can a FAA "Letter of Authorization" be used when there are no pilots that are current on a type rating?
What causes this much engine damage?
Will two blades or three blades last longer on a hobby drone?
What kinds of jobs could a senior in high school get at a small local airport?
What is the Runway Design Code (RDC) for San Francisco airport (KSFO)?
Is a propeller with two long blades more efficient than one with three shorter blades?
At what rpm does the tip of a 54" propeller start to incur mach losses?
What are the main sensor value that cause High pressure compressor fault in turbofan engine?
Ground Turning Radius
How many airport charts do airline pilots have in the cockpit?
Why don't the newest versions of Mi-35Ms have retractable gear?
How do I calculate true altitude?
What forces act on cascade-type thrust reverser blocker doors?
What are the layers of a pressurized fuselage (cross-section and construction)?
What is purpose of engine pylon airfoils on the Hondajet HA-420?
Does anyone know an equation relating wingspan to gliding distance for a glider?
What are those little rods that stick out of a planes fuselage?
Why are the modulation depths of the localiser and glideslope different?
Why doesn't flightradar show many flights going over China?
What is the english term for "vol en ficelle"?
Is it a good thing that ailerons remain deflected and the stick is hard to move?
How can I find out what time an airport was closed due to weather?
Is Vertical Speed based on True Airspeed or Groundspeed?
How is Kool-Aid used as a visual cue to create contrast for an off-airport landing?
What types of data can be extracted from a non-motion flight simulator?
Flight Plan - Rights of use and distribution to third parties
What is the ideal volume distribution for minimization of transonic drag?
What is the difference between axial compressor blades and centrifugal compressor blades?
During the holding procedure is it required that the pax must have the seat belt on?
What is the wingtip station number on a Boeing 747?
Is there a limit to how many hours a person can fly per month?
How can I verify if the quantity of fuel being used is correct?
What minimum radio communication equipment is required in a homebuilt aircraft in India?
In BGA or ATR's what are the major causes of ODOR in Cabin or Smoke in Cabin?
How much fuel does the A380 use for taxiing before takeoff?
Are there any regulations preventing one from converting an originally cargo aircraft to ferry passengers?
How can I calculate the cabin pressure following a decompression?
What is a minimal step angle deflection for flight control surfaces?
How can I find the optimum chord wing length for this wing?
How to pick a good airfoil based on Cl and Cd
What repair can be done on this wingtip? (777)
What is this hole at the front of the engine pylon on a Boeing 707?
How the Log Periodic Dipole Antenna of Localiser help in varying modulation depth?
How do the flight decks work in unison on the Stratolaunch?
Which modern day prop (piston) engines allow for inverted flight?
How many radio transmissions per hour occur on a given frequency over Europe and North Atlantic?
Qualification Requirement of Aircraft taxi and landing lights?
What were the make and model of the engine that failed in flight Southwest 1380?
What are the minimum hours required for private instrument fixed-wing plus commercial helicopter?
Are engine casings expected to contain turbofan blade fragments?
About how many aborted takeoffs are there each year in commercial aviation?
How are the NEO LEAP-1A engines attached on the A320?
From which aircraft does this vintage altimeter come from?
How fast can a large passenger jet descend and slow from cruise to emergency land?
How close are planes allowed to fly next to each other?
Has there ever been a US airport with identifier PM2?
Are there disadvantages of coaxial rotor on attack helicopters?
Does MMO (limiting Mach number) assume any maneuvering limits?
Is it possible to remove an A320's main gear using one main jack and one nose jack?
What is a typical altitude for a dogfight?
What is the meaning of "static pressure"?
Which jet engines have the highest thermal efficiency?
Why can't I hang glide in NYC?
How much fuel is used for preheating the outer engines of a four-engine airliner that were not used for taxiing?
Why do many light aircraft have a trim tab on one side of the elevator only?
What does "inertial" refer to in "inertial reference"?
Are any Boeing 720s still flying?
Will I have to do a checkout ride at a rental place if I'm already familiar with the aircraft type?
What does the FAA mean by "Make and Model" of aircraft?
Why does the Boeing 737 have a pitot tube on the tail?
Is it possible to embed CL, CD, dCLda, etc, into a tensor?
Why are biofuels usually blended with standard jet fuel when used?
Does the ICAO definition of an "aircraft" include a minimum altitude capability?
What are the consequences of throttling up past 100% of N1?
How do I calculate the lift force on an aileron?
What additional functionality is provided by the F-14 nose pitot, absent in early models?
Why not increase the number of Flight Data Recorders and add jettisoning capability?
Is there any "copyright" for aircraft's design between different manufacturer?
Does the flight crew in big airliners hear the cabin crew PAs?
Is there statistical evidence of the benefits of CRM?
Does in-flight Wi-Fi require regulatory approval?
Why don't 747s use unreliable, but cheap, jet engines instead?
How is an Airbus A380 fuselage joined and fastened together?
Clearance limit of VFR practice IFR approach?
Why should pilots keep the engines running so they are hot or warm immediately after landing?
Why choose a seaplane for crew rotation at sea, supply of spares to ships, long-range search and rescue and surveillance?
Could airliners have cameras to let the pilots see the engines and wings?
How to interpret the published altitudes for each of US STAR procedures?
How long does it take for a regular size airliner jet engine to be warm?
When does an airliner switch from using the tiller to the rudder?
Why is the UAE the only country with two flag carrier airlines?
Is there a standard install direction of the abradable shroud honeycomb on a CF6-80c2 engine?
Do large Airliners use full thrust when reversers are deployed?
SFO Taxiway Marking Meanings
Are taxiing aircraft to hold short of taxiway hold short markings if not instructed by ATC to do so?
Maximum Altitude/Minimum Range limits of ATC PSR
Why aren’t diesel piston engines used on aircraft like the Saab 340 or L-410?
Can an aircraft get certified for different runway lengths through the FAA based on the amount of payload it is carrying during said takeoff?
Is it possible to do linear interpolation on a manual E6-b?
What iPad for the cockpit?
Why are some US STAR fixes/waypoints included in FAA's legacy files but not in FAA's published STAR procedures?
How can I reduce the responsivness of my homebrew brake system?
(How) do pilots round the time?
Are frisbees and boomerangs technically gliders?
How I determine numerically the roll rate of an aircraft?
Could a plane land on specialized vehicles if its landing gear failed?
Can someone please help me identify this?
A couple of questions about Aeroflot flight 593
Why is the F-117A the only plane to use the fully faceted design?
What is the difference in VTOL technology between British Aerospace Harrier II and F-35B?
Why do high altitude air-launch plane designers choose to use two fuselages?
Need help to clarify the terms "arrival", "departure", "approach", "terminal" and "transition" fix for US STAR and SIDS
Why don't the contrails show the curvature of the Earth?
What is minimum information required to identify if two people will be on the same flight?
How much speed is required to achieve lift on something that weighs 1000lbs?
What are the procedures for flight checking a glideslope and localizer?
Climb/Descent or vectoring in other controller's airspace without point out
How to calculate required thrust for take-off knowing gross weight and L/D?
How to fly LOC approach when IAF is a specific DME from LOC, but LOC has no DME?
What is Waterline and why is it called so?
White light illuminating the engine coming on at intervals in flight; Curious what's the protocol?
What is the procedure after a missed approach at the destination alternate since alternate fuel does not contain a missed app. at the alternate?
What do these explanations for propellor RPM increases mean?
When rearranging the lift force equation to solve for lift coefficient instead of lift force, why is the numerator often given as F not 2F?
Does an aircraft equipment suffix denote how many VOR radios are installed?
Is this a Hurricane or Spitfire?
Can I fly over Schengen zone without visa?
Does a Tower controller need to see an aircraft on final to give landing clearance?
Which aircraft have fought against its own type in active combat?
What is this old biplane?
How does a turbojet power its own compressors?
Approach plate does not require DME, but DME used in the published missed?
Can one "create" a private interpilot air-to-air frequency to chat?
Best procedure to Turn around in Canyon, Turn radius as a function of velocity
Is it possible to build a flight-capable aircraft powered by compressed gas?
How do I mount an iPhone X in the cockpit to record flights, as a student pilot?
What are the differences between the MiG-15 and MiG-17?
Where is the inlet for the APU on a Fokker 70/100?
Why do aerobatic planes have symmetrical wings?
Why does an Exhaust Gas Temperature (EGT) gauge require a power source?
What are the guidelines and regulations for building a helipad for multiple aircraft?
How to find the flight paths of an airport?
Can you own a fractional portion of a kitplane or experimental airplane?
Why do simultaneous-ops parallel runways need to be so far apart?
What is the ground clearance area required for certification for a blimp/airship that needs to be tethered?
Was the safe landing of Southwest flight 1380 extraordinary or expected?
How does angle of incidence affect an aircraft's stability?
What are Altitude, Attitude and Heading Hold?
List of airlines and aircraft types at Copenhagen Airport (CPH)
Why do electric versions of helicopters need four rotors, or: why are they quad copters?
What are the methods of reducing vortex?
How is the speed of a helicopter controlled?
ADS-B receiver, dongle vs SBS-3 or Garmin
Would an Area-Ruled fuselage improve MiG-15 and MiG-17 performance?
Why are wings load tested upside down?
why lift is greater at wing root
What is an autopilot washout filter?
Which kind of stability do aerobatic aircraft have?
What is the difference between RNAV and RNP?
How bad is the efficiency of jet engines under low loads?
What are the radio characteristics of communications between tower and aircraft?
Does airspeed affect the critical angle of attack on an airfoil?
Does the A320 autopilot work in flight with both engines off?
How to adjoin wing skin to wing ribs?
Are there Instrument-only airports?
How long have commercial aircraft been continuously in the sky?
Why is landing not usually a continuous descent?
Why would an aircraft do multiple runway laps before takeoff?
Is this statistic about the fatal accident rate correct?
Is it incorrect to refer to a C-130 as a jet?
How do you load test a wing rib?
Most time-consuming tasks while a plane is on the ground
How to identify load paths?
Why would lift coefficent change with weight on swept-wing aircraft?
How does rudder lock occur?
Why are accident rates higher on smaller aircraft?
When pilots check in with a different controller, how to reference flight level?
Where can I find power and heat specifications for EFIS and IFE systems?
What is the stalling speed of a Cessna 172SP at an altitude of 2000 feet?
What is the speed and inclination angle of a commercial plane during descent?
How do I tell ATC that I don't have a transponder?
Has there been an aircraft with multiple type of engines?
When can I log PIC time in a new category of aircraft?
Under what conditions can a pilot log simulated instrument time?
Why aren't requirements to use GNSS systems in the Regulations?
Is it legal to rent out an experimental aircraft?
Why did a circular paper aeroplane of larger diameter fly further than one of a smaller diameter?
How does the Boeing 787's Cabin Air Compressor work？
What do these numbers and symbols on the ICAO SIGMET chart represent?
"Cancel altitude restriction." Under ICAO rules, does it cancel all altitude restrictions on a SID or STAR chart?
Is it possible for a fighter jet to shoot itself down with an IR missile?
Is it OK to use foam for the ribs of an ultralight's wing?
What is Arctic Control Area (ACA)?
How do I find the floor of controlled airspace on sectional charts?
What are the FAA regulations on operating UAVs in class E airspace above FL600?
When do I have to contact Centre when departing/arriving at an airport with an ATF?
What are the limitations to adding wings with engines to a helicopter?
Please tell me which trainer aircraft is this?
Why was the Concorde painted white and not black?
What could cause instant nausea when entering larger passenger planes?
Why didn't the Concorde have flaps or slats?
What is the relationship between the terms "airprox" and "near mid-air collision"?
Did Concorde's sonic booms affect other air traffic?
What is the "Centre of Pressure"?
Was it ever possible to land big commercial jets from the missed approach point during non-precision approach?
Why do aerobatic aircraft have separate tanks instead of a single acrotank?
Can cameras and LCD screens replace cabin windows?
Does the cyclic in a helicopter re-center automatically?
What is the proper technique for using rudder pedals with toe brakes?
Why isn't the application of "carb heat" in initial piston multi-engine failure emergency procedures?
What is this WW1 era plane?
Do modern aircraft require rudder input in order to perform a coordinated turn?
Is right rudder always needed during go-around/touch and go with a Diamond DA-40?
How is shear stress distributed on an airfoil?
Does the Airbus A320 or Boeing 737 have better resolution screens in the cockpit?
will a Sears-Haack body straighten itself out if "launched" sideways?
Do all A320-family planes have leading edge high lift devices?
How is a Class E airport distinguished from a Class G airport, based on the identifier?
Under what circumstances does a flying club need to do 100-hour inspections?
Carrier frequency and transmit power of a commercial aircraft
Does any country issue daytime-only commercial licenses?
Why do narrowbodies have longer life than widebodies?
What happens during Engine Performance Restoration
Is bleed air for fuselage pressurization at altitude purified or sterile/ If so how is this done
What is this plane doing flying back and forth near Sydney at night?
How altitude changes with changed QNH?
What is "Block burn" and how is it calculated?
Why does U.S. airspace revert to class E above flight level 600?
Help in decoding this ATC instruction with landing clearance?
Did Airbus do anything about Qantas Flight 72?
Consumer Drones with multi-blade (more than 2) propellers
What is the best glide speed for the DC-3 with 2 engines out?
Can I get a pilot's license if my driver's license has been suspended?
Why is the velocity squared in the lift equation?
What happens to flight operations if no ARFF vehicle is available at a CAT 3 airfield?
When to switch from ground to tower frequencies at controlled airports in the US?
What is the technical name for the “time boxes” on an instrument approach plate?
How do banner tow planes coordinate with air traffic control?
Why aren't any wingsuits able to sustain flight?
Could a FOSS autopilot system ever pass FAA regulations?
Will the steep beta descent mode become illegal for new aircraft?
Why do light taildraggers swirl uncontrollably on runways in a simulator?
What is the lift-to-weight ratio during takeoff for an ultralight?
What is the risk of leaving the MAN START PB 'ON' on the A320?
Where is the best place to perform a run-up at a busy airport?
Do Red Bull Air Race aircraft make use of nitrous oxide injection?
What is the correct ATC phraseology in the US for an immediate - no delay takeoff?
What is the throttle setting of a piston aircraft during cruise?
What is advantages of a wing mounted engine in comparison to tail and fuselage mounted engine?
Do negative angles-of-attack create lift?
How can I keep my A&P license active without being in aviation?
Is a cambered or symmetrical propeller airfoil more efficient?
Why does stall speed decreases with increasing aspect ratio?
What's the name for the structure that helps stop the nose wheel in Boeing 747-400?
What material is used for the floor panels in the main cabin for Boeing 747-400?
What is the structural significance of 'dimples' on the fuselage of a Boeing 747?
Official way for tower to address all aircraft on frequency for new ATIS?
What is the average angle of attack of GA airplanes during takeoff?
Are two little engines or one big engine more efficient for an ultralight?
What are the implications of no longer requiring a complex aircraft for the commercial/CFI checkride?
How can a single misplaced screw so massively increase a stealth aircraft's radar cross-section?
Why would the Speedbrake be required for such a long time on approach?
How to calculations deviation on a magnetic compass and effect of it?
What is the fluid released from the tail of this clipped Turkish airliner?
Can someone identify these two Bell helicopters seen in the Czech Republic?
Is there any way to reduce the noise and vibration in a C-130 Hercules?
What is formula for induced drag in stalling regime?
What is this aircraft seen at Peachtree City, GA?
How does the Coanda effect help some aircraft produce more lift?
What are technical and aerodynamical limitations to blown wings main propulsion?
Does the PFD/ND XFR work when the PFD is on the ND screen on the Airbus A320?
Why did Concorde not have horizontal stabilizers?
What is the maximum number of cabin crew members on an A320 load sheet?
Why are there so many aircraft designs which look generally profoundly similar?
Is it allowed to mount fake missiles on a civilian aircraft?
How are the landing, takeoff, and cruise speeds calculated for my homebuilt ultralight?
Is there a fixed ratio between highest L/D and max endurance L/D?
Are there any data on the safety rate of gliders vs single-engine GA aircraft?
Is it permitted to deviate from yellow lines, during taxi?
What is this aircraft seen over Southern California?
What are the numbers in boxes on an A320 ND when terrain is shown?
How long does it take for a propeller engine to spool-up?
Why is it 'aileron right and elevator up' with a front-right wind in a tailwheel airplane?
How to realistically model propeller static thrust?
How is the static pressure in the pitot static system reconciled when there are two outside static pressure ports?
Are there any locations where I could launch a rockoon with minimal red tape?
How did KAL 007 get so far off course?
What does the letter G mean in a runway identifier?
Why do aircraft need Mach number?
Participating with "flight following"
Is the increased humidity on modern jets artificial?
How frequently are avionics on large commercial aircraft updated?
Gage or Gauge? Which is correct in the aviation industry?
Pros and cons of a pull-push propeller configuration
What is the FAA definition of "takeoff" and "landing"?
How do we choose a frequency range of interest for flutter prediction?
How is notification of UAV flight handled in an area with multiple heliports?
What is the relationship between Angle of Attack and Angle of Incidence?
How does ATC radar display differ from military radar?
How does the Blackbird SR-71 pressurize the cockpit at Mach 3?
What is this closed cabin / open cockpit biplane from the 1910s?
Why do jets with 3-D thrust vectoring never hover nose up, but instead move slowly forward?
What does "RA" mean in the FAA Terminal Constraints?
What is the best route for my 18 year old son to become a pilot with a major airline?
Fans of tubofan jet engines
Would the Concorde have been better off using a tailed delta wing?
How did the windshield technology evolve?
Why ground a plane while fueling?
Flying VFR in uncontrolled airspace, what to do if one spots an apparently out-of-control fire on the ground?
What is the aerodynamic reason military parachutes are square?
How can I tag along on an Atlantic crossing?
Why are flying-boom tankers restricted to a single boom?
What is this fighter jet seen at Centennial Airport?
How does the fuselage handle the different loads?
Airport Security Pre-1970-s?
Do pilots reject takeoff if aircraft doors are not properly locked down?
Why is "LINING UP" used as the proper response to a "conditional" line-up instruction?
Where can I obtain official German VFR approach charts?
How much g-force is experienced in a 45° turn?
Why aren't 737s or A320s commonly used for transatlantic flights?
Missing shear pin for tow-bar / front landing gear
Must an instrument approach plate be visible during the approach?
What is Lower Traffic Area (LTA) airspace in France?
Why is the 737 MAX 7 selling so poorly?
Is "laze" (lava + haze) as hazardous as volcanic ash to turbo engines?
What is the reference plane for the ILS glideslope angle?
How would the wave drag of an elongated Sears–Haack body change with a cylindrical mid section?
Why does the CF6 have a lower bypass ratio than the TF39?
Can this helicopter/wrecking ball combo remain airborne?
Why does "airplane mode" turn off Bluetooth and WLAN if I can just turn them on again?
What is the ICAO code and callsign for Amazon Prime planes?
Are there any safety data on the aircraft used for skydiving?
Mach Factor - Factor increase of thrust due to the ram effect
While flying having trouble estimating how far I am from Airport
Does Clearance Delivery operate in the same way for airports in Bravo, Charlie and Delta airspace?
What airplane is this? and why the strange inlets?
What is a "slender delta" wing?
How is a confusion possible between Western and Russian Attitude Indicators?
What should I expect to happen when I get on a skydiving flight
Why don't helicopter rotors use curved blades? Curved from the top view.
Why wing ribs have diagonal struts
Would it have been feasible to install 'conformal fuel tanks' on the Mercure?
What is a compounding wing and how does it increase helicopter performance?
Where does the Departure End of Runway (DER) exactly begin?
Are Uber Elevate and other air taxis subject to domestic ownership and control rules?
What was the value proposition of the 767-400ER over the 777?
Different takeoff minimums between an Obstacle Departure Procedure (ODP) and a Standard Instrument Departure Procedure (SID)
What are the ICAO equipment codes for those Garmin units?
What are typical resins used in carbon fiber for aircraft? Are any resins impossible to recycle?
Why didn't early jetliners use turbofans?
Why do some IAPs lack an Intermediate Fix and/or include other fixes between Final Approach Fix (FAF) and Intermediate Fix (IF)?
Is aerodynamic braking really effective?
What happens to Ryanair aircraft after they leave the airline?
Why do we not have autonomous helicopters?
Could two GE9x engines power a 747?
Do I need to obtain a student pilot certificate to transition from Glider to Sport Pilot?
What is black routing and red routing?
What are the FAA's requirements for an experimental type certificate?
How to interpret the term "standard" which is found in FAA's Obstacle Departure Procedures (ODP) and Standard Instrument Departure Procedures (SID)?
Why are cockpit instruments white on black dials?
Height Loss In Descend with increase in altitude
Why aren't there aircraft with forward-mounted vertical stabilizers?
Is there a downwash equation?
What is this tab above the DC-10's #2 engine?
Are piezoelectric energy harvesters too expensive to be used commercially as a power source in drones or small aircraft?
Why manufacturers does not producing variable sweep wing in our current scenario?
Why aren't Russian jet airliners popular even in Russia?
When must we make contact with ATC?
Are there any countermeasures for lasers or the people who use them to blind pilots?
Does angle of rotation during takeoff affect the g-force?
Do ballonets control the buoyancy of a Zeppelin NT?
Why are some Tomahawk missiles' nose duck-nose shaped?
More information on PanAm's first trans-Pacific flight
How does the nozzle diameter affect the thrust of a ducted propeller?
How to select the most efficient airfoil for low speed flight?
Which radio altimeter is the Boeing 737NG call outs based on?
What is the shortest regularly scheduled commercial flight?
How much rudder input does a Cessna 172 require during the take off roll?
What is the difference between a vertical stabilizer and a rudder?
What to do when moisture forms on the helicopter's canopy in a weather front?
How do you orientate the helicopter at night?
How to make ourselves more visible to other aircraft?
Does it violate any regulations for a bag to sit on the flight deck floor?
What prevents DC-9 series aircraft from being reengined with more-efficient engines?
Why are most turbofans tractors, but most propfans pushers?
Has there ever been an uncommanded lowering of landing gear?
Why did the FAA ban all supersonic flights over the United States, rather than only supersonic flight in densely-populated areas?
Spanwise flow and wingtip vortices in forward-swept wings
Could an amateur build a full-scale UAV?
What is this transport aircraft, and why does it sometimes cary an air data boom when the Soviet Buran Space Shuttle is on top of it?
Regulations regarding cleaning of water cooking equipment on planes?
Do any countries besides the USA accept Basic Med?
What is this pusher airplane?
What is the direction convention for Roll angle?
How can I tell a GPS installation is acceptable for IFR use?
Could Mach 1.4 be a better design point for SST?
Are landings easier during the day or at night?
What is the flight time from Beirut to Paris using different aircraft?
What is the initial direction from Sydney to Santiago on a great circle?
What API can I use to get FAA NOTAMS or will this one I found work?
Pilots diploma made in USA-nostrification in Europe. How it works -what are the procedures?
Can a helicopter enter Vortex Ring State In Auto Rotation? [see qualifiers]
What should I look for when choosing a kneeboard?
Why autogyros use pusher-, whereas, piston-engined planes use puller-configuration?
Relationship between flapping and lagging frequency
Why is there no instrument taxi system for low-visibility operations?
Why are jet engine nacelles, used on the same plane, so different?
What qualifies as a "takeoff" and "landing" in currency requirements?
Why does airnav list frequencies for some STARs on the airport info page?
What is "picture flying" and does the FAA define it?
Are landing fees due for an aborted landing in USA?
Why are turboprop intakes placed below the propeller?
What is decalage and how it affects airplane performance?
Is it possible to fly 'in neutral'?
What are a few main differences between ATC interactions for rotorcraft vs fixed-wing?
How can I calculate the Obstacle Free Zone of an aerodrome?
What is the overhead instrument panel (pictured) near the front galley area of an A320?
What does Phase 3A mean for avionics?
Are all IFR flights assigned squawk codes in US controlled airspace?
Can quadcopters save energy by flying in formation?
By what angle does the rotor disc change with max. cyclic input?
How can I calculate different airspeeds given atmospheric data?
Has this Google Maps imagery of 4 planes on a runway been tampered with?
Where can I get a graph of lift coefficient against AOA for a symmetrical airfoil?
Do elevators have cambered airfoils inverted or symmetrical airfoils
What does AOE on the sectional chart mean?
How does the wraparound wing design reduce drag?
Are helicopters expected to follow the lateral guidance of taxiways in a hover taxi or air taxi?
What is this abandoned airport between Montague and Rothbury, Michigan?
What does it mean when ATC says "altitude indicates"?
Why do compressors constrict flow if this decreases pressure?
How is windspeed scaled in wind-tunnel tests?
Is flying in ground effect dangerous?
In a pusher configuration with turboprop(s), how is the superhot exhaust avoided?
Why is the critical AoA of most flaps 40° when most airfoils stall at 15°?
What are the FAA currency requirements for a foreign based certificate?
In the early days of flight, were there any cockpit control schemes other than the modern one?
Winglet design and airfoil selection
What’s the steepest possible descent for big commercial jets?
Was the runway upgrade at Mataveri Airport on Easter Island really related to the Lee Correy novel "Shuttle Down"?
What instruments were "standard" in WWI aircraft?
Has the United States started a drone crop spraying program for farmers?
Why can't the A320's computer-imposed limits be overridden?
Do airports use automated ground operation systems?
A modern replacement for DH.82's Gipsy Major engine
FAA Standards for oral examinations on Practical Tests
Did the space shuttle have a stall warning system (such as a stick shaker)?
How did Airbus fit 6,340 gallons more fuel into the A359?
How common is it for military jets to use civilian airports?
Twist optimization for a low speed aircraft
Could simple fly-by-wire controls be installed in a prototype as quickly as a mechanical system with an autopilot?
Why aren't runways lit from overhead, like highways?
Why doesn't ADS-B use satcoms like ADS-C?
What plane is shown here in the movie Rampage?
What is the effect of fuselage weight on a model glider?
Were my airplane's wheels under-inflated?
What is the "one-in one-out" FAA rule for IFR traffic landing or departing at an airport without a tower or at an airport with a closed tower?
Would a lighter aircraft require the same amount of power than a heavier one to fly at the same speed?
How do airblast fuel atomisers work?
Is taxiing a small aircraft on a residential street legal?
What are those hatches on the engines of a B-2 that are open during takeoff?
Is it possible for ATC to see who’s transmitting on the radio on their radar?
How are STCs granted for similar aircraft? Archer vs Arrow
What requirements do A&Ps (AMT) have to work on avionics?
What uses for flight did early aviation pioneers envision?
When escorting Air Force 1, at what safe distance must fighter jets fly?
Does Airforce one carry missiles to protect itself and its passengers?
What means of navigation did commercial Soviet airplanes use in the 50s-90s?
Do any gliders carry GPWS?
Why is there still a preference for turboprop airliners over the new regional jets?
Sightseeing in a class Bravo airspace?
Why do cathay pilots forget their flight number?
How do aerobatic aircraft land?
What are the disadvantages of having vortex generators?
What is the aerodynamic motivation behind vortex generators?
What is the wattage for strobes and anti-collision lights flashing lights on an aircraft?
Can the thrust reversers still be activated if the landing gear won't extend?
How much air does a GE90 ingest at sea level and at cruise level per meter?
What is the cargo capacity of a Boeing 737-200/-300?
Is there a website that shows past flight tracks of a few days back?
Is wing sweep needed on supersonic aircraft?
How come diverterless supersonic inlets haven't been discovered much earlier?
Is there a wordpress plugin for live NOTAMs?
How are procedures for curved-runway operations different from those for straight runways?
Is it possible to 'retrofit' electric flight control actuators to replace existing hydraulic actuators on aircraft?
When are winglets most effective?
What is the horizontal stabilizer failure procedure?
What are the pros/cons of low/forward powerplants on helicopters?
stall with max power
Can a plane turn around like on this photo?
Weather sensors required for ILS approach operations?
What is the three-light indicator on carrier-borne airplanes?
Is this planned building in a runway approach legal?
What is the legal definition of separation as it relates to ATC?
Calculating Ground Speed - E6B vs Pythagorean Theorem
Is it possible to build a honeycombed vacuum balloon?
How to reduce cosmic radiation in commercial aviation?
Are two twin-jet flights more efficient than one quad-jet flight?
What is the main materials of the windshield? And how do they function in bird strike?
How can you explicate the efficiency of a turbofan engine with Carnot's theorem?
How to compare two SFCs, one in thrust, the other in power (both turbofans)?
Why is it necessary for pilots to have trim controls on fly-by-wire aircraft?
How do cruise missiles stay aloft?
What determines the maximum speeds for a particular aircraft?
Why don't the A380 and A350 have trim wheels?
Will I not be able to descend with an airfoil that stalls at -0.5°?
How does wing bending relief of an a340 compared to an a330 allow it to carry 30t more fuel in a center section of nearly identical wings?
What does the ASDE-X ground radar unit look like?
Can a private pilot get an RVSM LOA?
How to calculate Reynolds number?
Can some IAFs be skipped if more than one IAF exists?
What does leading edge radius mean?
Can a Stewart Platform be used instead of a swash-plate assembly in a helicopter? What are the pros and cons?
How do Airbus planes flare in normal operation?
Where is the F-4 Phantom II's flap lever?
What are the consequences of falsely and/or unnecessarily declaring an emergency?
Are there regulations for water skiing in a ASEL aircraft?
Why is ARTCC room lighting in the US dim?
Where can I find this transonic prop airfoil?
What is the A320's procedure for dual engine failure at very low altitude?
What is the permissible deviation for a pilot to stop the aircraft when guided by AVDGS?
Does Karman line depend on the wing area, and if not, why?
Why don't the ATR 42's propellers start/stop rotating simultaneously?
Is the distance to PNR (point of no return) affected by wind?
How can a SID's MEA be above its top altitude?
Can an aileron stall in-flight?
Hypothetical aircraft drag reduction
At what angle of deflections do rudders become inefficient?
Could a airship be built using vacuum as the lighter-than-air “material”?
Is a VFR flight following request implied when talking to tower and advising them of your intended airport?
If I am transiting a class delta airspace on a VFR flight and am coming up to a class bravo boundary without a bravo clearance, what will happen?
Controlled stall,aileron or rudder input?
Aircraft data bus and computer system
How to calculate "duty" when between flights in a 135 operation
What is the weight limit for a pilot to eject from an F-100?
Aerodynamics of double winglets
What is the relation between IAS and TAS at a constant altitude?
Are there any footwear regulations for private pilots?
What exactly are "clipped" wings?
How is the control of airspace over disputed territories determined?
Is having the tailplane at the wings backwash a design flaw?
What is the ATC phraseology to request a parallel track?
Can I get an FAA restricted ATP certificate with 1000 hours total time?
Should I mention an altitude restriction from the previous controller during an ATC handoff?
Does Part 135 allow single-engine night IFR operations in a turboprop?
What creates most drag during flight: fuselage or wings?
How do engine manufacturers derive varying amounts of thrust from a single engine model?
How is a light plane's nose wheel straightened during retract?
Are there downloadable versions of the Canadian VNC and VTA charts?
Is it allowed and/or safe to place objects on the dash in a PA28?
Where can I find more details about how ornithopters work?
What does it mean for a ATC to say a flight's callsign followed by "in disguise"?
What airspace are ultralight pilots allowed to use?
Will I have to redo flight time for switching to a new CFI?
Why was a Lockheed L-1011 chosen by Orbital ATK for its Pegasus launches?
Lapsed Advanced Ground Instructor certificate, can I take a FIRC and and restore my privileges?
Propeller Curve Modification on Test Rig
How should you coordinate with traffic at non-towered airports?
What notification am I required to give when starting an engine?
How and when is a VFR flight plan closed when flying from the US to Canada?
What is the process for requesting flight following in Canada?
When do controllers assign a squawk code to VFR aircraft in Canada?
Why would a Mode-C transponder report a different altitude than an altimeter/GPS?
Can air to air refueling can be done in the rocket engines as done in the Aircraft jet engines?
Why does the diffuser section generate thrust in a jet engine?
Can anyone tell what kind or even which airplane this is?
Can current fighter jets perform a deadstick landing?
What is wrong with a high-speed landing for an ultralight or GA aircraft?
Could ejector seats save lives in commercial aircraft?
Are taxiways always one-way towards a specific, fixed direction?
What is the difference between centripetal and centrifugal force?
What to look for when purchasing a headset
When flying VFR without GPS, how do pilots know if they are inside controlled airspace or not?
Were there any folding wing biplanes?
What aircraft has the highest critical Mach number?
How unusual is it for remotely piloted aircraft fly through commercial or general aviation airspace?
Is this a blisk?
Why are there extra restrictions on constant-speed propellers?
What mechanism or design aspect prevents jet blast from escaping the front of a Ramjet or scram jet?
Can ATC provide VFR flight following to a VFR aircraft in class E airspace?
Why was Energy Maneuverability theory not applied to the F-14?
What does "lower flatness" mean in airfoil terminology?
How to measure the aircraft maintenance cost of a operator?
Is the lift produced by a wing with a 10° flap equal to the lift created by a wing with 10° AOA but with no flap?
Has anyone considered filling aircraft voids with helium to reduce the risk of fire?
Why do some airfields not have a climb gradient for LPV?
Should I add balloons in my Ultralight wing to help it float if I land in the water?
Are throttleable rocket engines the less efficient the lower the power setting?
How big was the F-14 fleet compared to other US carrier-based aircraft in 1981?
How can I calculate CLmax for a wing with multiple airfoils?
What is the purpose of this loop in a taxiway?
What names are used for certified "mechanics"?
What does the "T" on sectional charts mean in reference to airspace altitude?
What is the difference between Body Pitch Rate and Inertial Pitch Rate?
Are there any passenger aircraft with no cabin access to/from the cockpit?
Why did this A320 stall protection demo not hold Valpha max?
Which items are allowed on passenger flights but not on cargo ones?
What is the difference between the red and black box identifiers on UK airport charts?
How far are shortened replies to ATC allowed to go?
How to navigate at night after a complete navigation systems failure?
What aircraft maintenance logs should I have available for a private checkride?
What is the airplane with the best flying characteristics?
Is airfoil thickness proportional to drag coefficient?
What is this propeller found underwater in the English Channel?
What is this aircraft that has both piston and jet engines?
Does Rolls Royce produce any engine that matches the capabilities of the GE9x?
Are radio channels used by airliners half-duplex channels?
Are customs stops required for private flights within the Schengen Area?
How frequently are airplane windows cleaned?
Why would one cylinder on a Continental O-200 run cold at idle?
Why runway 13L/31R of JFK Airport does not mention any Threshold Crossing Glide Path Height for its reciprocal end?
What is TOGA LK in Airbus 320? How to come out of TOGA LK?
Could an aircraft be tied down, then throttle up and release for takeoff in order to use a shorter runway?
What are the disadvantages of using just rudder to roll an airplane?
How can I calculate the lift force on an aircraft pulling out of a dive?
Why is the lower deck of the Airbus A380 curved like a single deck airplane?
How does ice affect the combustion systems of jet and piston aircraft engines?
Why doesn’t runway 31R at JFK have a VGSI?
What does "ATS climb gradient" mean?
Why is there such a long displaced threshold on 22R at JFK/KJFK?
Should I inform ATC about minor deviations to maintain VFR while on practice instrument approaches?
How can larger wingspan decrease the strength of wingtip vortices?
Where can I find sample data required for Engine Condition Monitoring?
What procedures are in place at London City Airport for emergencies after V1?
What happens if an A320 goes to full throttle with the parking brake set?
Single Engine operation on Twin Engine aircraft
Could a 'wind wall' help to reduce the wind shear problem at St Helena airport?
Is VOR identification automated in modern avionics?
Is there a flexible "cloth-like" material that can be used as "skin" for a non-conventional wing?
Would the Wright Flyer have flown better with thicker airfoils?
Eye requirements for private pilots license in the US?
What does the XFR button on the Challenger 300's autopilot panel do?
Do U.S. aircraft carriers still include a Marine Corps squadron?
Why does Martin-Baker use a Gloster Meteor as a testbed for ejection seats?
What is the relationship between EGT, Fuel Flow, N1, N2 and Air Temperature?
Windowless VS windowed aircrafts
What could the fuel pump failure have been that my flight experienced?
Why does a 3D wing's CL keep increasing even after 50° AOA in XFLR5?
What does "Last Call" mean on CTAF frequency?
Why flaps can deflect up to 25°+ without stalling the wings?
Why do some multi-engine aircraft have accelerate-go distance in their performance charts and some don’t?
Is a restricted airworthiness certificate required to operate a Cessna O-2A Skymaster in part 137 operations?
How are leaks in door rubber seals detected?
Is a 100 hour inspection required for an aircraft to be used in a checkride?
In which direction will an aircraft drift after taking off in a crosswind?
Is it best to use a thick airfoil or an undercambered airfoil for slow speed flight?
Are any of these airline "secrets" true?
What CPU does the F-16 use?
Can a commercial aircraft theoretically reach 60,000ft?
If a pilot ejects, what is the autopilot programmed to do?
Why does GR mean hail in a METAR?
"Fundamental of Aerodynamics" 5th editon, example about oblique shock. Is the author's solution wrong?
Does the FAA prescribe radar cross-section requirements for civilian aircraft?
What airfoil is used on the Lazair ultralight?
Why do I get a severe headache just before landing?
What exactly does the MB-326's 'relight' button do?
How does the position of the center of pressure change with the use of different high lift devices?
Does clearance delivery assign VOR or GPS-A approaches?
What is the correct name for clearance delivery at KSAN if the tower is called "Lindbergh Tower"?
What is required to 'upgrade' software from DAL C to DAL A?
Are there multiple reasons for the decrease in pressure over a wing?
What are the drawbacks for manufacturing a large airliner capable of water landing?
Can a turbojet jet or turbofan powered aircraft land and take off from water?
Can I get a medical after having had a seizure eight years ago?
What is this F-18 Hornet "air intake" for?
Why does the stagnation point on airfoil move with the angle of attack?
What does a pilot mean when he tells ATC that he "has the numbers"?
Can the emergency slide be re-used after it has been deployed?
Do plug nozzles improve efficiency on lower throttle settings?
What is this INOP instrument and when is it safe to fly with INOP instruments?
On an IFR flight, should I avoid class B and include approach fixes/procedures in the route?
From how far away are the navigation lights of a large airliner typically visible?
What is the average total flight time to get a private pilot license in SF bayarea, CA?
Is this photo showing dozens of airliners in close proximity real, or even plausible?
Why were these Hawkeyes flying in a circular pattern?
Is a ground station radio license required for UAS operations in the US?
Calculating the maximum altitude of a drone
What is this c. 1930 beautiful monoplane seen in Oakland?
Is there a time limit after the ATPL theory exam to get the license?
What time zone is used for operating an airplane?
ATC application to listen in to current flight?
What drives the shape of an engine's intake on a fighter jet?
Could a kerosene fueled jet engine run on methanol without significant modifications?
Why do cockpit windows often appear to have a rainbow ‘tint’?
How significant is the lift induced drag contribution to total drag of aircraft at cruise speed?
Who is this flyer seen in Oakland c. 1929?
Are there any training maneuvers that are only allowed when flying with a flight instructor?
Are there any airliner crashes that can be definitively attributed to Mach tuck?
How are runway lights constructed?
Is there a recommended time to pause before transmitting, after changing to a new frequency?
What is the purpose of drag and anti drag wires?
What are some of the bigger differences world wide in VFR charts?
What are heat detection sensors and how can they cause a speed error?
Why, until recently, were smooth nose sections not popular?
What is the correct procedure for overwing fueling a CRJ200?
Why is the Aerodynamic Centre not affected by changes in Angle of Attack?
Can you escape an aircraft through the lavatory?
Why changes the lift during turning with sidewinds? Why is there relative wind in the wind-frame?
What is a biplane propeller and how efficient is it?
What are the differences between FCLP markings and equipment and the LA on a ship?
If a SID chart says "GPS... required", can the plane use a different GNSS?
Can you disengage A320 autopilot with stick pressure?
Are there any aviation vehicles for Internet service?
What are the procedures for flying supersonic over international waters?
How turbofan engine efficiency increases over altitude or speed?
Is it possible to eliminate induced drag completely?
Does a turbojet aircraft restriction on a SID or STAR also apply to turbofan aircraft?
Why does an engine bleed system failure restrict operating elevation?
When helicopters are instructed to air-taxi direct to an airport location, are they allowed to pass above other aircraft and people?
Why is an auditory alarm necessary when the autopilot disengages?
Is a 61.31 solo endorsement a one-time thing, or does it need to be repeated?
In a jet, are Vy and Vx achieved at a constant AOA at all altitudes?
Icing conditions temperature range: SAT or TAT?
Do floatplanes land on rivers?
How did the controls work for variable-pitch props?
What are packs on aircraft?
Why does fuel vaporize in the carburetor?
Voltage induced in high-tension magneto ignition system
Why do we not see propellers on swept wings or jet engines on straight wings?
How the fuel in the wings is managed in case of an engine failure?
Where are the planes going that fly west over Niagara Falls at night?
Why is extreme cold weather a challenge at airports, since jets operate at extreme cold conditions in flight?
Why would a flight from Frankfurt to Madrid fly over London?
How exactly do ICAO's VOR-based minimum separation standards work?
Did Southwest airlines retire flight 1380 following the accident, and with what number?
How did this F/A-18's execute a "low-boom maneuver"?
Can ATC separate IFR traffic in class A airspace from VFR traffic in class E?
Has an airplane ever been launched from a train?
Did WW2-era aircraft have constant-speed or variable-pitch props?
Will the new Boeing NMA be 'more electric' than the current B787?
What is an "all-electric APU"?
What is the cause of cracking and corrosion in Trent 1000 engines?
Why are jet fuel prices very similar in North America and Europe, yet automotive fuel prices are very different?
Has an airplane ever been launched from a submarine?
Does the A320 Trimmable Horizontal Stabilizer automatically reset after landing?
Is a hold short expected when given taxi directions to a runway?
How to find if an aircraft is inside an airspace using latitude and longitude?
When can a tower's callsign differ from the airfield name, and how do I find the proper callsign?
If you're flying VFR in controlled airspace and in contact with ATC, do you need permission to change altitudes?
How much water does a passenger airliner carry?
How do Class B transitions work in the US?
What is the purpose of thinner airfoils used near wing tips?
What is the autorotative rate of descent for a Bell 47-H?
Could the reversers of a PW4000 on a 777 be deployed in-flight?
Why is Iceland an efficient connection point between London and Boston/NYC?
Do the FACs compute every speed value shown on the PFD speed scale, or only stall speed and maximum speed?
How do ratings work with pilot certificates?
When ATC uses distances, are they using nautical miles or statute miles?
"right traffic pattern" vs. "right-hand traffic pattern"
Why are emergency-instructions by cabin crew like "heads down!" not given via PA?
If a pilot has the wrong altimeter setting, will his transponder mode C altitude be off too?
Why does the A320 right aileron float on dual engine failure?
Are planes allowed to fly through a planned professional fireworks display?
How can a VTOL aircraft control yaw while hovering?
How much water is produced in jet exhaust?
How does ATC ask a pilot to resume flying a published SID / STAR?
Who is the woman that famously survived a light-plane crash in the arctic in the 1950s?
Where can I find data on the number of single propeller aircraft currently in operation in the EU and US?
Are there any situations in which drones may legaly fly higher than 400ft?
How can I find the Local Section Moment Coefficient?
Why would landing the space shuttle on water have been unsurvivable?
Tyre wear and land gear shock reduced by wheel spin up
How to fly a drone in Class D in Italy?
What forces act on an airplane's door from the outside in cruise?
How to maintain your pitch when looking for other traffic in the pattern?
At KOAK, how can I get a passenger from the GA terminal to the commercial terminal?
How do GLS avionics plot an entire accurate approach path?
What are the 40 hours requirements for a PPL?
How do airlines and airport exchange data?
Does the responsibility for the plane shift from the PIC, if they leave the plane?
Why didn't NWA 85 request/receive fighter jet help with their mysterious rudder failure?
What is the exact function of the battery automatic cutoff logic on ground for the A320?
Distance of downwind leg from runway in glider landing pattern?
Is MIL-PRF-5606 H flammable at 350 deg C?
How much can a plane deviate from its route to Paris (CDG and ORY) before an alert is raised?
What does "E" stand for in a polar curve?
Is there a difference between a chart and map?
Why don't helicopter change altitude based on variable rotor RPM as opposed to the collective?
What is the average number of flight hours that US private pilots require before passing their checkride?
If airports with pilot controlled lighting share a CTAF frequency, could the lights be triggered at multiple airports?
Is the term "guinea pig" defined in the Pilot/Controller Glossary?
Why has the Bombardier CSeries been delayed in starting service with Delta Air Lines?
Does having lead-in lights in sight allow descent below MDA?
What qualifies for "mass disseminated data" for an abbreviated briefing?
How much extra weight is added by strengthening a piston-prop fighter for carrier landings?
Why are all engines identical in typical commercial airplanes?
In the US, do ultralight aircraft have tail numbers?
What does this wind symbol mean?
Are high lift wings bad for faster speeds
How do thrust reversers in high-bypass turbofan engines counteract initial thrust?
Is communication with cabin crew or ATC included in emergency checklists?
On a ducted propeller, how does duct length affect thrust?
Does bypass air produce thrust?
TFR based on an invisible VOR?
What is the standard power supply and voltage supply on modern airliners?
What would cause an abrupt increase in engine noise after takeoff on the Boeing 737-800?
Do smaller wings mean faster flight?
What is this instrument that has "PACK" written on it and a temperature scale?
What does the letter E signify for the E-3 AWACS?
What are the EU-equivalent terms of the FAA ATC tower, TRACON, and center in radio calls?
Why do most biplanes have their top wing slightly forward of the lower wing?
Why does aircraft stability increase when it transitions from subsonic to supersonic flight?
What is the definition of "occupant" in 14 CFR 91.307?
Could modern military aircraft be retrofitted to work with alternative fuels instead of kerosene?
How likely are flares to be fire hazards once touching the ground?
How does a Hawk jet avoid pitching down when its air brake is applied
Why doesn't GA aircraft use the JASC/ATA document standard?
What accuracy is required in todays ADS-B position reporting?
Is it legal for a non-IFR rated pilot to fly a SID on a VFR flight?
Symbology on standard terminal arrival (STAR) charts: T-ended vs arrow-ended lines?
Has a scheduled passenger flight ever stalled because of shifting cargo?
What‘s the thrust of two stacked propellers?
Is this paragraph about the dihedral effect in the FAA's Glider Flying Handbook correct?
Are there any mandatory announcements that a captain has to make?
Does "pendulum effect" apply to hang gliders or any aircraft?
How does a rotary piston (radial) engine work?
Can airplane performance be increased by cruising "on step"?
Approach speed Exceedance
Do flares affect IR tracking devices?
Do aircraft use their lights to 'say hello' to each other?
What causes the inside glass of flight instruments to get hazy?
Is it harmful to operate an engine "over square"?
How to calculate the Gust Envelope?
To become a BGI, what are the minimal requirements from the FAA?
Can a Private pilot fly a company aircraft for business purposes if he is not being paid?
Is a class B endorsement required for a Private checkride?
Why Airbus A220 if A320 already exists?
Does an airplane need a key to start?
How is an aircraft painted?
Can a runway have a displaced threshold and a closed section in the same area?
Is if safe/legal for an aircraft to return to cruising altitude after passenger oxygen masks have been deployed?
Is a French PAC skydiving license equivalent to an AFF license?
How many parts are in a Boeing 767?
Why is the Boeing 757 undercarriage so high?
Is the rotor described in this Kickstarter new?
Can actual instrument time count as simulated instrument time for the PPL?
Is 1 propeller always more efficient than 2?
How does an aircraft's weight affect the V-n diagram?
What is a "Land And Hold Short Of" light?
Is recurrent simulator training required every 12 months whilst acting as SIC under Part 91?
What did the "gear warning horn" on the North American P-51 sound like?
Did Airbus bring back LAF (Load Alleviation Function) on A320s with Sharklets?
Is it true that a soda can or a bag of chips will pop in a plane at high altitude?
Can the Mexican presidential aircraft be sold?
Can passenger weight shift cause a pitch shift in a commercial airliner?
Why have helicopter top speeds not increased much over time?
What would happen if pilots were locked out of the flight deck?
Where exactly are the pitot tubes positioned on the A330/340?
How are the runways operated at Toronto Pearson?
How does a HUD track a runway?
How to calculate the shear force, and the bending and torsion moments on a wing?
What's the difference between ATIS and D-ATIS?
What is the average aerodynamic load on a control surface of a commuter-sized airplane?
What was the flight route from New York to Paris that Air France took in 1955?
What does "leave clear on its left" mean in UK regulations relating to collision avoidance on non-runway landings?
Are ASR and PAR approaches commonly used in Europe?
Why are there many different approach lighting systems?
Are the terms "Aircraft Version" and "Aircraft Variant" synonyms?
Do the elevators generate vortices?
Why don't plane seats have shoulder straps?
How do I properly report sighting a drone or hobby UAV to ATC?
How do CH-47 pilots lower the tail during a pinnacle landing?
How to correct a roll due to turbulence?
What twinjet with rear-mounted engines and swept wings did I see in Savannah, GA?
Can a weather forecast tell me if airplanes will leave long contrails?
If everybody jumps in an airliner, would the pilots notice?
How can an ATC choose the right flight level and heading for airplanes?
If I fly both Part 135 and Part 91 in a 24 hr period, which regulations apply?
What aircraft looks like a cross between a Cessna and a glider?
What aerodynamic phenomenae can decrease the pressure gradient in Boundary Layer Ingestion?
Why do the A220 cockpit seats have a cutout?
Is there any source of live ATC audio with subtitles?
Pilot seat - primary or secondary structure?
What are the rules for racing on airport runways?
What might the business model be for a hypersonic jet?
Do airways with multiple numbers (e.g., J89-101) imply combined segments?
What are the customs decal and eAPIS requirements for flying to the Bahamas?
How does radius of a propeller affect its performance?
Are there any hybrid electric planes?
How do I calculate the aircraft's deviation from track in this exam question?
How to keep a Garmin GTX330 turned off when powering on avionics?
What is the missed approach procedure when initiated below MDA/DA/DH?
What airspeed is required for a Hercules C-130J to do a loop?
Do mono spar wings need compression strut(or ribs)?
What are regulations for pyrotechnics on planes?
Is it possible to play music in the cockpit?
How do hot air balloons navigate?
What is the true top speed of the SR-71?
Can lift be equated to how much air is moved?
How to fly IFR to an airport without any instrument approaches?
Is using flaps the same as increasing the AOA?
Do FAA regulations keep aircraft away from 18,000 feet MSL to avoid conflict with FL190?
Is the airspace at KUGN class G from the surface to 1200' AGL where class E starts when the tower is closed?
Why are some non-towered airports charted with an empty circle?
What does it mean when your destination airport is currently "below IFR minimums"?
What would the altitude profile for a typical airline flight look like?
For what is VMCL the minimum control speed?
What is a CRM and what does it stand for?
Is required that your alternate airport has approaches other than GPS approach?
Are there any reported cases of noise from helicopters causing damage to property?
How does a partially covered air intake affect the thrust of a propeller ?
In terms of noise, how does a steep climb-out compare to a noise abatement procedure?
What does "MERMA" mean on the Los Angeles TAC chart?
What are the consequences of attaching an unused extra engine under Boeing 747 wing?
Is the pod on the right wing of the PC-12 and Cessna 208 a gyrocompass?
Runway Number Landing and Departure Left Traffic Question
Is there a symbols chart or legend for common aerospace equations?
Are these ballast bags for a hot air balloon?
Could a Dyson fan scale up to be used as a bladeless aircraft engine?
Why do planes fly so high?
How to determine the maximum servo torque required for a nose gear?
Why is the flight duration of the same flight different in different months?
Do military tactical transport flights provide seatbelts for all occupants?
How do civilian pilots and ATC verify that other people on the radio are who they claim to be?
What is the usual range of Approach and En Route ATC VHF radios?
Is FAA's Order 8260.58A complementary to the TERPS manual as far as SID design is concerned?
Why is there a need for a Top Altitude in FAA's SIDs?
Does an airline have to pay if fighters intercept one of its aircraft?
Where is the best place to sit on an airplane?
What is the official term for a gas / petrol station for planes?
Is ATC clearance or permission required to fly helicopter routes and transitions in the Los Angeles area?
How strongly is airband affected by severe thunderstorms in practice?
Is it possible to power a very small jet using batteries?
What is the bank angle that should be sustained to move in a uniform circular motion?
What's with this non-exit Exit sign on Delta CRJs?
When would a pilot request a "VMC descent" or "VMC climb"?
Are pressurized passenger aircraft usually completely airtight?
How does the radio altimeter reading change with the bank angle?
Will leaving the ducting on the propellers attached to a DIY aircraft give it more thrust?
What are these red lights next to an airport runway?
Why are the positive points in a V-n diagram associated with pitch maneuvers?
Can I log Hours in a foreign aircraft?
Who has final say over an aircraft flight path?
Was ATC overstepping its boundaries when advising a pilot to ignore a cell warning?
In an ATIS broadcast, is the visibility in statute or nautical miles?
Where can I find runway usage statistics of USA airports?
Can you identify this plane from 1920 and prior vintage?
Is the shape of the Bell X-1 wing on Virgin Galactic's VSS Unity's artwork correct?
Why is it not allowed to dispatch an Airbus A320 with an inoperative ELAC 2?
How many hours does an ATP helicopter pilot need to get a fixed-wing Sport Pilot certificate?
How can one calculate the maximum instantaneous bank angle a plane can do in a certain time?
What plane is this?
Do airliner spoilers really "spoil" lift?
Has a micro-burst or wind shear caused fatalities on takeoff?
How would gyroscopic effects affect push-pull configuration vs conventional twin engine in the event of engine failure?
On modern fighter aircraft, why do most carry a rotary cannon when they tend to have little use against aircraft?
What is the ATC protocol for hijackings?
Do vapor clouds increase the radar scross section of an aircraft?
What are my take off minimums?
What is the ambient temperature used in RTCA/DO 160?
Does Ryanair lease any aircraft?
How can two private pilots flying together log time and split costs legally?
What is the 'end plate' effect?
Have there been any incidents caused by an inability to shut down an engine?
Would putting several small propellers on a wing be efficient?
How often do pilots fly drunk?
Which fonts were used in old (1930s) aircraft cockpit displays and instruments?
How do I use the "Inoperative Components or Visual Aids Table" when more than one component is inop?
What website(s) can I use to plan an IFR route along airways? WORLDWIDE
Is there a way to register for updates on certain NTSB investigations?
Is it possible for more than one flight to have the same departure and arrival time slots?
Why did my flight descend for landing then suddenly climb steeply and turn sharply?
Why would a flight from North America to Asia sometimes fly over the Atlantic?
How long is a clearance void time valid?
How do I determine which radial intercept angle to use?
IFR to VFR Flight Plan Change
Are there any aircraft with powered landing gear?
How do check valves regulate the air in a multi-engine airplane's vacuum system?
Are all tires on an aircraft replaced at the same time?
Are these logged time assumptions correct for commercial checkride applicants?
Why does the ICAO alphabet use "Charlie" for C?
What does RTF mean?
Why does Ryanair always fill its flight plans with the same remark?
What is the difference between a rating and a certificate?
Do airlines use a software to calculate center of gravity?
Why does operating the rudders in the engine slipstream offer improved rudder authority at low speed?
What's the minimum legal height in Europe for a low pass at an airport?
What is wing trammelling?
How to become a helicopter pilot?
What class is the airspace at KGCN when the tower is closed?
Boeing 757-200 Fuel Burn
Are there examples of passengers' Micro SD cards or USB flash drives surviving crashes?
Why do budget airlines not use the jetbridge that's right there?
Is medical certification required for flight attendents?
How are the Tupolev Tu-95's blades shaped?
Where can I take ICAO Aviation English proficiency test?
Has any passenger airliner ever offered forward-facing windows?
Why is braking action (with Anti-Skid) best when the wheel rotates at ~85% of the actual speed?
Is it OK to greet ATC?
What is that hole on the front portion of the empennage of a CRJ-1000?
Has anyone built a paragliding simulator?
Is it possible as a pilot to get the ICAO proficiency language level for a not official language in the ICAO?
Is there a difference in stability between a tail downforce (cg ahead of ac) and a tail upforce (cg behind)?
Can the divergence Mach be greater than 1?
What does the instruction "Climb heading [BEARING] to [NAVAID] 2.5 DME" mean?
Can thrust be selected manually in a plane with autothrust? If yes, how?
Have bi-wings been used without creating more drag?
What constrains a paraglider vertically?
How did the term PAN PAN originate?
Why is the relation of height and temperature different when calculating altitude?
Why not a second airbridge at the back?
Do any airbridges move vertically to match arrival/departure halls?
Do any aircraft use throttle steering during normal flight?
DA 40 NG - Diesel option OAM 40-370
What is the maximum allowed intensity for light beams pointing at the sky for non-aviation purposes?
What does the indication "ATC" in some Take-Off Minimums mean?
Is there an equivalent of the Threshold Crossing Height for departure procedures?
What would have been the other stops of Amelia Earhart's ill fated last voyage?
What is the type of a SID that is neither RNAV nor RNP?
What would need to change for supersonic airliners to be the norm?
How does pitot tube shape affect indicated airspeed?
Why did the propellers not fail to the feathered position in the Atlantic Southeast Airlines Flight 2311 Crash?
How can I isolate altitude as a specific range variable on a Sporty's electronic e6b?
Weather Reporting of wind direction
What's the function of the plate behind the wheels of the Pilatus Porter?
Can I find the minimum IFR altitude based only on a SID plate?
What happened to Widereøe flight WF0597?
How does airspace work with the navy?
Can this aircraft wreckage be identified?
Can an aircraft fly without wings and stabilizers?
What are the requirements to become a language proficiency examiner?
What are ICAO English language requirements?
Is the 737NG hydraulically controlled or electronically controlled?
What is the relation between flap setting and aileron droop on the A350?
What precautions prevent 'insiders' from stealing a large aircraft, as in the Horizon Air Q400 incident?
Why is polar curve of a glider dependent on flight load?
What's a stepdown fix in a non-precision approach procedure?
Why would a plane drop 14.000 ft mid flight?
Definition of a Deep Stall
Fighter YO-YO counter measure?
What is the identity of this abandoned, wrecked Sudan Airways airliner?
What does "Where AOC requirements are redundant to AAC requirements, or more detailed, the AOC requirements will be followed." on Part 7 of CAR
Does a line up and wait instruction clear me to backtrack the runway?
What happens to the neutral point of a fighter jet during supersonic flight?
Why does the A350-900 call out to retard at 20 feet above the runway?
How criminal is it to take off without authorization?
What's this aircraft in the background?
What kind of jet fighter is this?
How is pressure kept nearly constant in jet engine burner?
Why are some vertical stabilizers painted 'after' installation?
What to do when fuel is exhausted and we are denied landing by ATC?
Does the NTSB ever not follow up a preliminary report?
What is the maximum body weight allowed for a pilot?
How much physical strength is required to control a Cessna 172?
What does "share a type rating" mean?
What is this airplane I saw with propellers behind the engine and canards on the top of the plane?
How do I calculate new minimal speed for a glider when I put water into the tank?
What is the difference between an Instrument and Equipment?
Why do airlines split themselves into domestic and international subsidiaries?
Is c.g rear or fore of wing leading edge?
How hard is it to certify a kit aircraft if it is based on a production design like a Cessna 180?
Why bother tracking TSN after an overhaul?
What Are These Runway Lights For?
Is the FlightGear sim accurate in 2018, specifically Cessna 172 aircraft?
Where can I find information on the DC-9's turn radius in flight?
Is it allowed / legal to produce a Type Rating CBT without the manufacturer's permission?
What can cause a sudden jump in Indicated Air Speed?
What is the meaning of "pass well clear" in the ICAO right of way rules?
What is the correct phraseology for "runway 03 R”?
How do you indicate whether the supply of power to the gyroscopic instruments is adequate?
Is it safe to fly a glider when I can't move the stick fully left and right?
Can a zero hour pilot actually launch a Bombardier Q400 with only simulator experience?
Are the ICAO phonetic numbers used anywhere?
Are the GPWS callouts recorded with real people or computer generated?
Why are some taxiways named with two characters?
What effect does downwash have on the horizontal stabilizer
Why do airliners have to park so accurately?
What was the first control room--used for flight test--established in aerospace history?
What does the extending the flaps do (or any high lift device) to the Rate-Of-Descent of an airplane?
Who controls airspace and time in my area on helicopters?
How do I find the magnetic bearing to the station in this question?
Identify this Chicago aircraft incident involving loss of control
Why are airlines so concerned with checked baggage weight?
How often is a tire replaced on a 777?
Can hours accumulated in a glider count towards the 1500 hours for an ATP certificate?
How much does basecoat/clearcoat paint cost for an airline?
Why are fighter jets equipped with dorsal fin?
Has this "straight through" airport design ever been contemplated?
Why are some ATP CTP providers not on the FAA's approved list?
If airliners profit by moving luggage from checked to carry-on, why do some LCC gate-check luggage?
Does a headwind/tailwind affect your rate of climb?
Categories of aircraft (A,B,C,D): Is it possible for an airplane to move into a different category?
Are same-era military aircraft cockpits designed to be familiar to transitioning pilots?
Is this test question correct about the causes of detonation?
How is the type of deicing fluid chosen and how much time is required for application?
Under what circumstances can a flight attendant unbuckle and get up during landing?
Is there (some form of) penetration testing in aviation?
Could a civilian aircraft in distress land in Area 51?
Does the "Climbing right turn" instruction of this SID violate the "Climb to 400 feet above DER before turning" requirement?
How can someone without a pilot's license arrange an initial test flight for a homebuilt aircraft?
I have bad eyesight, can I still be a commercial pilot in Malaysia?
Denver International Airport pneumatic tube systems
What are the typical max range and max flight time (endurance) Mach numbers for the A320?
Best glide speed vs. best glide angle? Maximum glide range?
What is the maximum rate of descent in an instrument approach?
What does the acronym PDA stand for in the aviation domain
How does setting takeoff flaps improve aircraft performance?
When did the military/Air Force start measuring fuel in pounds instead of gallons?
Which photo more accurately represents Flaps 1 in a 737-800?
Is there a way to calculate the difference in pitch required to reach a certain vertical speed?
What is the Specific Fuel Consumption of CFM56-7B24/26/27 engines?
Why do the C-141 and C-5 have T-tails?
What is your responsibility when a distraught pilot is on frequency?
Does a pilot follow the PAPI lights in the same way in all categories of aircraft?
Why two passenger airplanes travel side by side?
Are there any aids (like a padded "belt") that can ease hip discomfort during aerobatics?
What is the "A/B AUTO EXT" button for in a Falcon 7X?
How can I calculate the fuel required for a specific route and aircraft?
In the Philippines' Civil Aviation Regulation Part 7, what does this part mean?
Where can I find the German GAFOR online?
Does a vortex/wake turbulence reach ground level nearby?
How does Boeing Deliver single aisle jets to South east Asia?
Is aerodynamic flutter speed dependent?
Gas Turbine Engine Starting Sequence
What is an aileron bushing?
What are dimensions of the B-17 propellers?
Definition of "Rotation Speed" vs "Lift Off Speed" vs "Fly Off Speed"
What does the message content in the ARINC 615A FIND protocol look like?
How does Air Traffic Control know a flight's route and destination?
Is a reversal of heading allowed in the NYC Hudson VFR corridor?
How does the Boeing 777's yoke of both the captain and the first officer have synchronized movement?
How do you maximize an electric engines thrust?
In light aircraft, non-instrument flight, apply (nearly) full aft elevator before beginning the takeoff roll or at some predetermined speed?
In India, what is the difference between "local flying area" and "airspace"?
What is the total wing surface area of the A320?
Why divide the blades of a 9 blade propeller into 3 groups?
Safety regulations for take off spectators around airports?
Is there a good reason to have a handheld Aviation Microphone in GA?
Any FAA or other regulations prohibiting taxiing between parked aircraft?
What is a Ground Power Dispatch Switch?
Why are cambered airfoils used for horizontal stabilizers in some designs?
Why do we undershoot/overshoot with a compass turn?
Were Airbus planes always fly-by-wire?
How does washout affect the wing incidence required?
What is a 5 Tube System?
Fly-by-wire vs hydraulic systems
Is the 737's autopilot part of the FMS or is it a separate entity?
How do the VNAV and LNAV work on the 737NG?
Do high-wingers have dihedral?
When the winds aloft are light and variable, what wind direction and speed should I use for flight planning?
AN-hedral or Cath-hedral?
In Malaysia, can someone become a LAME through self study rather than training school?
Are there any standards on the dimensions of PFD symbols?
What are the most challenging taxi manoeuvres that a typical commercial airline pilot must execute?
How much thrust could a 400 mm EDF produce?
As a contractor for an FBO, is it okay for us to transmit Internet signals right above the tarmac?
Does the FBW system of a passenger aircraft use differential thrust for yawing?
aircraft display Processors
Which single pilot jet has the largest cabin and longest range?
How (or where) do I find an airfoil optimized for low reynolds numbers (100,000~150,000)?
What is the ALT INTV on the 737's autopilot?
Can a flight instructor without instrument rating legally provide instrument training?
Can a door be shut while in flight?
Can a CFII log Dual Given if flying as SIC?
Is there a rule of thumb for reading AGL vs MSL?
Is the air in a jet engine supercritical?
Could compressor stalls be caused by air in supercritical conditions?
Why do airlines require passengers to return to their allocated seats for landing?
Human-powered flight in vs. out of ground effect?
Can anyone identify this tri wing twin engine WW1 plane
How much fuel does an airliner consume during passenger boarding?
What is the difference between ICAO and non-ICAO flight address?
What are the radius of containment (Rc) and horizontal protection limit (HPL) and how are they related to Type Code?
What is this vintage small airplane with low wings and twin propeller engines?
What factors govern the placement of a helicopter's tail rotor (left or right)?
Specific Acrylics for fabricating windscreen
EASA and National Aviation Authorities
Is it the tower's purview to recall an aircraft from the runway for loading the wrong cargo?
USA: Why don't airports raise landing fees to make up for low passenger fees?
Vortex Lattice Method with eliptical panels
What would happen if blades are not pitched correctly on a propeller blades?
Why wouldn't KJFK offer the ILS for 22L?
Are NDBs and VORs dying as a navigational method?
Tail Wing Dented—Is it safe to fly?
How to lean with constant speed prop on multi-engine aircraft without EGT
Is this type of wing design structurally sound?
gear down during takeoff for extended period of time
Why are helicopters less efficient than planes?
What is the role of an intermediate fix?
Strut braced or wire braced airplane wings?
Traversing a tall suspension bridge during low overcast
Is there any regulation that force(or recommend) to change flight number in case of flight delay?
Are there any places I can take an FAA written test in Japan?
What is the pivot point of pitch change on an aircraft?
What are the air mass flow rate and fan pressure ratio of the Trent XWB?
What is the purpose of wing stiffeners?
How do you calculate the lift coefficient of an airfoil at zero angle of attack?
Why does enriching mixture over stoechimetry give more power ?
What is the rod attached to the top of the Bell UH-1N's rotors?
Why is this type of rotor hub so rare...?
What is the purpose for two nitrogen charged chambers in an oleo strut?
Does wing paint colour improve airplane fuel efficiency?
How do I decide the tail dimensions and the distance between the wings for a bi plane?
Why do planes sometimes make a touch-and-go?
Passengers Weight configuration
Could a P-3 Orion fly off a carrier?
How to best recover from an excessive descent?
By what scale is Latitude and longitude calculated on aircrafts?
Where should I find a Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6 operator's manual?
How do wing ribs withstand lateral lift force?
How much hand-flying does a commercial pilot do?
How to call a cartesian (END) coordinate system, that is referenced in surrounding air?
What are the fins near the tail of a helicopter called?
Is the compressibility of air the reason high aspect ratio wings are more effecient
Why do some airplanes have simultaneously a straight wing and a swept horizontal stabilizer?
What are these FAA facilities in Seattle doing?
Where to find information on weight breakdown for helicopters?
Is aspect ratio efficiency related to the momentum added to the air?
Why does an elevator deflection (step) result in a nonzero short-term-steady-state response in pitch rate?
Where can I find the best site to learn aircraft design on a small scale?
Is there such a concept as 'Max Overhauls' for aircraft components?
What role did the RAT (Ram Air Turbine) play on US Airways flight 1549?
What is the late BF109's (G models) internal fuel capacity?
What will happen if an X shape wings mounted on biplane?
What happens to used deicer fluid?
Can you identify this unusual plane by its description?
If the number of flights in the world exceed 2^24 how will ICAO allocate the address to the flights?
Is there an aircraft that can go supersonic at sea level without using afterburner?
What is the width of a high altitude airway?
How does pitch moment affect load distribution on a wing?
Can a non FAA CFI (EASA for eg) sign off a high performance endorsement on an FAA PPL certificate?
How does a standby ADI remain accurate when flying over the curved earth?
How can I determine specific heats of gases for turbojet engine calculations?
Why is there still an Air Berlin branded plane operating as of Sep 5th, 2018?
What is the 'fuel cost' of a pneumatic braking system vs. a hydraulic one, in terms of weight?
Are there (ideas for) GNSS based attitude indicators?
Does Buoyant Lift Force scale with Load Factor?
Why pull up on the rollout after landing, after the nose wheel is down?
Can I get a third-class medical if I have sleep apnea?
Can small planes see lights on the ground?
Is 1N2 (Spadaro) in class G or D airspace?
Is lift in fact a kind of drag?
Does the "follow" instruction give an aircraft clearance to turn onto a taxiway and/or cross a runway?
A pilot faces a medium-term loss of their medical. What can they expect?
Why can't I find a tail number in the FAA registery?
Under what circumstances can the Initial Climb Area extend more than 2 nautical miles?
Could hydrazine be used as a scramjet propellant?
Who can sign off the aircraft after completion of 100-Hour Inspection?
Hydro-pneumatic fuel controls and hydro-mechanical fuel controls
Why does the angle of descent increase in a constant headwind while decreases in a sudden encounter with a headwind, in a descend?
What is the purpose of these "stickers" in the F/A-18 Super Hornet fuselage?
Bed sheet as wing skin?
Does anyone know what this approach chart symbol is?
Airplane data for thriller novel
What plane is this, appearing in the movie Rampage?
Time to switch instructors? or not?
Why are airports in Greece blurred and low res in Google Maps?
Propeller air displacement
Is the size of hail on the ground any indication of the winds and updrafts of a thunderstorm?
How do the vortices of a fixed wing and horizontal stabilizer interact?
How can an airplane roll, yaw and pitch up and down without control surfaces?
Why are many early gliders high-wing designs as opposed to newer designs?
How can I compute the minimum possible bank angle for a turn with a given radius?
Why don't pushback tugs take the aircraft to the runway?
Is there an issue with an acceleration followed by a deceleration when flying a SID?
Question about flying around hurricane
How to determine the direction of rotation of components inside a gas turbine engine using the blade profile?
Is it normal to choose a left or right pattern based on the wind direction?
What is the fuel source for the APU on a B737?
How much does it cost to install ULD loading systems on A320?
How does drag change with Reynolds number?
How does the load transfer from a prop to the airframe?
Is a first class medical to be an airline pilot eventually possible?
What does LNAV engagement exactly mean?
Why does this 757 have a propeller engine attached to the fuselage?
What kind of airplane is this that has blue cheatlines and a protruding side cover?
Impact of hurricanes on flights that have to traverse affected areas
How do planes respond aerodynamically when bringing them into inverted flight by rolling?
How is a flight routed from the last waypoint of a STAR to final?
Why don't more airplanes incorporate spiroid winglets?
How do the vortices affect the flow of the horizontal stabilizer upon leaving the wing?
How many parts does the latest-generation 737 share with the original 737?
What time do NOS IFR Charts expire?
What are these engineers doing sitting on a large format drawing of B-47s aircraft?
What is the procedure when a required A/D inspection via an AMOC has gone overdue?
How did this air force plane likely get into the eye of Hurricane Florence?
Did these pilots break any regulations by hand-flying an A320 for most of the cruise?
What measurement units are used in Boeing FDR readouts?
In an emergency near a remote island is it better to land resulting in the airport closing or ditch in the water?
Are there rules regarding the accuracy of a pilot's delay announcement?
What is this airport video?
Airfoils designed for reverse flow
What‘s the diameter of the engines of the Airbus E-Fan?
Why would a turboprop rev down just before going full throttle during takeoff?
Why do some Mach trimmers move the elevator?
How do you calculate the range of a VHF transmitter that is on-board an aircraft?
Where in the FAR or AIM is a high speed taxi defined?
What is the risk of a single skydive?
Do pilots have a generally preferred "traffic" resolution?
F-16 "training rounds"?
If an airline purchases an aircraft, do they have to/feel compelled to change the livery?
Why does the Pressure ratio across the compressor increases when the mass flow rate is reduced?
How do rotorcraft achieve lift?
Does the rate of turn increase or decrease by turning at a higher speed?
What is the process for converting a US certificate to a Japanese license?
Did turbofan engine explosions become more frequent in last years in commercial aviation?
In a Vmc demo, why is it important to lose 1 knot per second?
Is it possible to predict how busy an airport will be in a given time? (are there existing services that to this?)
Do stall strips mean that wing washout is not required?
If the push was accidentally started with the brakes on, what will happen since these towbars don't have shearpins?
How useful would the space shuttle OMS actually be in atmosphere?
Why does elevator dropdown occur in some loss-of-flight-controls accidents, but not others?
Is it possible to load (and not activate) the approach procedure on a Garmin 1000 or 430?
Do swept back wings affect the moment of inertia of an aircraft enough to be relevant for the roll response?
Where is the APU fuel pump on the A320?
Lift and Drag Coefficients using load cell data
Can this vane prevent/delay wing stall?
Why does a stall decrease lift, rather than increasing it?
What are the two turning tendencies that occur during a steep turn?
How can one approximately guesstimate wave drag?
What does the term "loading" refers to when we talk about Blade loading and Stage loading in Turbomachinery?
How safe is the Boeing 737-800 in high winds?
Is GLS (GBAS landing system) an RNAV approach?
What are the technical details of how airline seats are installed on an airliner?
What is the history behind CAR 105.01(2)?
What is this plane shown on the 'Blended wing body' Wikipedia page?
Where is the wing sweep angle measured from?
Can RVSM safely be further reduced?
Why does a rectangular wing stall first at the root?
Why is an elliptical wing planform so aerodynamically efficient in layman's terms?
Are the CAA and FAA Class 1 medical certificates equivalent?
Does a long time to solo hurt your chances of becoming an airline pilot?
Is there a legend for figure 15 in the Airman Knowledge Test Supplement for Instructors?
Is flying as a post-retirement occupation possible?
Why did my transatlantic flight meander off the great circle?
What happens when flying on a Victor airway but through a class B or C airspace?
Can an APU be designed to also provide emergency thrust in the event of a double engine failure?
Should I monitor the emergency frequency (121.5 Mhz) at all times?
Can the FAA CPL 2-hour cross country flight requirement include stops?
What are the approximate total training costs of flight school?
How did this plane get into this position and orientation?
Is it okay to take off with weight more than the POH max gross weight?
Can Anyone Fly A Plane?
What would the consequence of placing the data probe beneath rather than free of the boundary layer be?
What are the unique sounds emitted by Embraer E190-E2 on final?
Please identify this twin-engine airliner
Why are TFRs issued around stadiums during games in the U.S.?
Why is the A380 a double-decker rather than a longer airplane?
Declaring an emergency - protocols for commercial aircraft
What causes this error on the Collins 60A ADF system?
Do special procedures exist for commercial pilots flying over Russia?
What is the tail strike pitch angle of the ATR-72?
On an engine failure, can I contact the tower instead of 121.5?
At which airports has the A380 landed?
When flying into an area with colder air, how will the altimeter read compared to true altitude?
What happens to a large plane after a successful gear-up landing?
Why aren't passengers trained and evaluated for operating emergency exits in commercial aircraft?
What measures are taken to ensure military pilots aren't going mad?
What is the farthest commercial flight on a B737-800 currently?
Why not stream outside cameras into the in flight entertainment system
Why are follow-me cars used in Gran Canaria Airport in good visibility for incoming aircraft?
What is primary cause of shock induced separation (shock stall)?
What are the fonts used in MCDU screens?
Why can't pilots manually fly a low visibility approach instead of using auto land?
Velocity of air flow around aerofoil
Why does load shedding still occur in jetliners (e.g., 787) when there is so much power available?
What do the regulatory bodies say about landing in CAT IIIB?
Why is best angle/rate of climb indicated in airspeed?
How is it possible for supersonic aircraft to push air out of the way?
How to calculate lift and drag coeffecients for VTOL aircraft in the takeoff stage?
Do two stroke engines for small aircraft suffer from degradation between overhauls?
What are the Boeing 777 thrust calculations?
Is precession a problem for two-bladed propellers?
What is the location of AC for typical modern airplanes?
Aircraft EFIS Configurability
Why do suborbital planes feature H-tail and/or large wingtips?
Why do so many supersonic aircraft feature delta wings and elevons?
Freezing cold cabin housing just under a window
Why do some airplanes have their winglets at different angles?
What is the correct procedure in case of vertical stabilizer failure?
Is there any fixed-wing UAV common research model available?
If cleared to cross a runway and expedite but are slow to get away, are you obliged to stop?
Can the dome gunner on a B-17 Flying Fortress shoot the plane's tail off?
Why can't I ever get my right ear to pop on descent in a plane?
Wind correction on downwind during circling
Do IFR / VFR weather minimums include ceilings?
What kind of flight counts toward the commercial 100 nautical mile cross-country flight requirement?
What kind of cameras are onboard high altitude UAVs that aid in its control?
What is the vocabulary used by fighter pilots used to communicate?
Why did the RAF buy the F-35B model and not the A model
Why does a turbulent boundary layer cause more friction drag than a laminar boundary layer?
In xflr5,how is the value of Fz calculated?
Barometric altimeter data during high vertical g-forces?
What is the "off-side engine generator" on an A320?
Will the G1000 cut off transmission over 35 seconds?
Under what conditions does the FWC give the PITCH PITCH aural call-out on the A320?
What is the unit for the oil quantity display in the Airbus A320 ECAM?
How and how often are the oxygen masks in the cabin checked?
Why do I missing 1090 Rebroadcast Traffic (ADS-R) Targets from Ground Station as part of 978 Uplink?
What happens if an ATC tower is completely disabled?
Is this "wing-wave" early after takeoff really a pilot tradition?
Why don't jetliners maneuver to avoid a bird strike if spotted in time?
What do flight attendants do if a passenger asks what is going on in case of a potential emergency?
Why would a pilot on final to a towered airport not speak up when ATC clears another aircraft to land on the same runway, without mentioning them?
How to land using horizon?
How far does an A320 travel while climbing to / descending from cruise altitude?
What happens aerodynamically when we trim an aircraft?
What has Airbus done to address the dual input issue?
what is the impingement location of Streamwise vortices?
Was any MiG-29 modernized to incorporate digital systems?
What types of antennas are used in a Piper Seneca PA34-200?
List of all FIR and their authorities
How to advise others of imminent danger?
Benefit of a deswirl vane for a turboshaft helicopter engine
When the aircraft tires are "worn to limits", should it be recorded as a pireps or mareps?
What is the meaning of HOT-1, HOT-2, CAM, etc., in cockpit voice recorder transcripts?
Does the crew have a professionally mandated responsibility to inform passengers of a potentially fatal emergency?
Is an A&P certificate ever required to work on military aircraft?
Why is the delta wing naturally stable in pitch?
In an articulated hub rotor craft, what could cause the blade to flap negatively?
What is the procedure following a near miss?
Does the required torque to spin a propeller increase with RPM?
Do any airports have a steeper standard approach than London City?
Is it possible to estimate the location of aerodynamic center without experimental moment data?
Can audible warnings be heard from the cabin?
Can a controller be tasked to provide more than one ATC service at a time?
How fuselage creates lifting force when plane flying on a side?
How do airplane "life jackets" compare to marine life jackets?
Transonic buffet - reason for a rapid movements of the shockwave along the wing chord line?
Why would pilots get special cups?
Pilot's license for ENFP?
How can you relate structural forces to load factors and inertia force
Can time spent in consumer flight simulators increase the safety of flying light sports aircraft for licensed pilots?
What happens if only rudder is applied in a turn without ailerons? Do the two have to be applied together all the time?
FAA PPL certificate on N reg aircraft in EU
What aircraft has a single constant orange light?
What regulations discuss the red/white marked areas on a tarmac at a terminal?
What sort of control mechanisms (i.e., PID controllers) do modern FBW aircraft use?
Why so much ground time at Frankfurt Airport?
How does the safety record of a Cessna 152 compare to a jetliner in Europe?
How much do '1,500 total hours with 500 multi crew hours' cost in Europe?
What are the rules of airfoil thickness from root to tip on tapered wings?
Is the shear centre of a wing the same as its aerodynamic centre?
Propeller Efficiency calculation different by two methods
What's a typical first lesson of glider flying like?
Why is the aiming point distance shorter in the US vs. Europe for long runways?
What does the ATR 72's EWD display look like for normal procedures?
Do different planes (category) aim differently in the 'final stages before flaring'?
In a piston aircraft engine, how much heat must be removed by the oil cooler?
Accounting for torsional forces during wing load tests
How do you know the maximum load a control surface can withstand?
Would increasing rotor disc diameter increase efficiency in a helicopter by reducing disc loading?
How was this flight authorized?
Is Function Item Number the same as part number but for components?
Propeller Characteristics at Different Altitudes
What should I look for in weather reports in order to pick a day for glider flying?
Can motorjets be a viable means of propulsion?
Induced drag - inverse proportion between induced drag and parasitic drag
Is this the right way to calculate the roll damping moment coefficient of a projectile in free-flight?
Where is V15 and how do I find it?
How does one determine the elevation on a sectional?
Why aren't there any widebody propliners for the high-density short-haul markets?
What, if any, are the rules on ATC politeness?
How do I enter the traffic pattern if I am coming from a nonstandard direction?
Can I rent a Cessna for a week with my GF with a PPL?
What has happened to make me experience negative G with the control stick FULL AFT near the top of a loop?
Carrier VTOL takeoff or not?
How does fuel flow and altitude affect the compression ratio of jets?
What does M mean in A400M Atlas?
What happened with the Boeing PETA Pulse Jet Engines
Does the stator blade angle changes? Why?
What is this plane approaching an airport in Asia? (Also, what is the airport?)
Difference between Mach buffet and shock stall
When do pilots perform a CAT II/III autoland?
LAPL vs PPL - Which is more suitable?
Why are months (e.g. December) used to notate a runway?
What's the cabin pressure of a Bombardier CRJ-900?
What is the cheapest plane one can buy to fly above Mach 1 and be able to pull 8g plus?
Finding the center of gravity/centroid of an airfoil?
What is the relation between hinge moment at the control surface and servo torque?
Which is safer? The Piper Tomahawk or the Cessna 152?
Calculating distance from VOR station with radial and heading
What is the efficiency of the turbine of a modern jet engine?
Does engine oil have a shelf life?
Anybody know the reason for the ‘Star Wars’ themed STARs into KATL?
How much lift can be generated by the intake lip of a duct?
What is this 'runway number' automatic readout system on a flight deck?
Can I use the private pilot written exam for sport pilot?
How is a propeller diameter for given application determined?
In the attached image of the Hoffman development of Arup design, the wing is shaped in a somehow anhedral way. Why?
What are the VOR channels used for?
How does an airplane move itself in the runway?
How to deal with turbulence while flying glider? (Cautions in applying rudder)
How to transform a NACA airfoil into a near-circle using the inverse Karman-Trefftz?
Does a safety pilot log PIC, or SIC?
Why offload bags for missing passengers when flights are allowed to carry unaccompanied non-PAX air-cargo in holds?
Why does the Aurora D8 have vents on the bottom of its fuselage?
How did the 9/11 hijackers find their way to New York City?
To determine wing loading, do you need to subtract the weight of the wing from the gross weight?
Do ramjets use variable geometry supersonic inlets?
How long does a wind shear last?
What is the difference between Premixed and Non-Premixed Combustion?
What defines the end of a "cross-country flight" for ppl aeronautical experience purposes and for general logbook purposes?
What is the difference between APV I and APV II?
Is the aircraft neutral point a function of the tail incidence angle?
Is the student solo endorsement's a “package deal” with that one specific instructor?
What is the function of the leading edge strip?
Is the ATC of the lower and upper areas of the Netherlands combined or segregated?
Can a Rutan Quickie be made into a legal Part 103 Ultralight?
Where does the "APU Auto Shutdown" message appear?
Why does the A380 not have front windows on the top floor?
Why is EASA CS 25 non-binding?
Does an active pilot based outside the US require a flight review to maintain FAA currency?
With similar weapons why does an AH64 Apache require a pilot and gunner when the A10 Warthog only needs a pilot?
What is the difference between microburst and windshear?
Which aircraft/powerplant manufacturers use metric hardware?
Does the 2020 ADS-B -Out requirement apply to aircraft with only a wind-driven generator (electrical system)?
In general, how do aircraft handle differently in inverted flight versus in upright flight?
Could reduced-lift wingtips allow an airplane to generate less wake turbulence?
How to determine maximum loads on control surfaces for supersonic flight
What are stick position stability and stick force stability?
How do aviation regulatory bodies relate to each other?
Is the National Aviation Authority the same as the Civil Aviation Authority?
For FAA currency purposes, must flight time be in an N-registered aircraft?
What are the restrictions preventing more intelligent autopilot systems?
Again, where is the pivot point in pitch
Would a refueling stop be cheaper than finding lodging for all the passengers?
Is there an abnormal condition that could have caused this fatal accident involving a stall?
Can "a drone" damage the wing of "an aeroplane" to the extent it actually threatens its ability to fly?
Why does a turbine engine compressor ratio affect stagnation pressure?
What are these lumps on the top side of the wings of military aircraft?
What is the importance of Mach number (M) on shock waves?
Can an amateur-built aircraft ever be used for commercial activities?
Why wasn't Saint-Exupéry able to cover more distance before his 1935 desert crash?
Who else is using electro-thermal wing anti-/de-icing apart from the 787?
Why do airplanes have complex air conditioning systems?
Do cellphones have the technology to measure altitude through an App
What is the heaviest payload ever carried by a single main rotor helicopter?
Is there an additive that can lower the freezing point of jet fuel?
What is the source for the "rule" forbidding configuration changes below 200ft AGL?
How does the throttle position affect the speed of airflow to the engine?
What components on a fully functional A-380 could fail in mid flight while still allowing the plane to land without loss of life?
Instrument Currency
What is the tallest tower (AGL) identified on a sectional chart within the Class-E-to-surface airspace surrounding an airport in the US?
What is the purpose of this span wise "false spar" on Affordaplane wings?
Where can I find exhaustive and current list of ARTCC frequencies?
Cessna 182 with canards?
How does the line of thrust affect longitudinal stability?
Are there any airports that require arriving/departing flights to fly under an obstruction?
Why did the Daimler-Benz DB 605 compression ratio vary between cylinder banks?
Why do I see moisture coming from the middle of the wing as well as wingtip vortices?
How was a looping possible with an Alaska Airlines plane?
What was the first aircraft designed with a plug-system fuselage, and why?
What would happen if the elevators were set to opposite angles?
What does the letter "D" next to the VOR frequency and name mean?
Is there a tank priority sequence for using the fuel tanks?
How about inventing a "fuel" that will not erupt into fire?
'Gravitational' power vs. engine power
What is the drag (or $C_D$ vs $C_L$) of the Airbus A320 in cruise flight?
Has fuel boiling ever been an issue for high altitude aircraft?
Can a DPE do a checkride in any plane of the same class?
Is winglet height equivalent to duct height?
Is it possible to totally override the flight computer on the Airbus A320-family (in simple non-technical terms)?
How can pilots minimize parasite drag?
How do I determine the engine thrust required to give a specific climb rate?
Does the headwind component change noticeably when transitioning from a crab to a slip on short final?
With wind, what will a perfectly circular flight path relative to the surrounding air look like from the ground?
Are there different symbols or graphics to identify different types of GA fuels?
What is this small black rubber strip protruding out of the flap track fairing of the A320?
What measures prevent a military aircraft's weapons from being fired on the ground?
Does Froude Efficiency represent an upper bound for propellers in certain flight / aircraft conditions?
Which airfoil would be optimum for a glider?
How do I do these VOR time and distance calculations?
Need Airbus A380 model in .xml format
How can flying high minimize drag and increase fuel efficiency?
Is Vy closer to Vbg with a variable pitch prop
Why in the Seneca 2 the Rated Horsepower are higher at 12000 feet than at sea level? (215Hp at 12000feet, 200Hp at sea level)
What are the regulations for crossing the Atlantic in a twin engine prop plane
What runway materials reduce skidding in wet conditions?
What are the "parts" of a SID procedure?
What is the function of a sweep cable?
Can Private Pilot training, funded by employer, count as company hours?
Are turboprops less safe then jets?
Light business jets - how many are sold each year?
Does shrouding a propeller minimize induced drag by equalizing the downwash velocity along its blades?
How do aircraft follow the tarmac lines while taxiing?
What is the name of this vintage helicopter trainer?
During "partial panel" flying, in what ways is a turn rate indicator more useful than a turn coordinator?
What G forces does a pilot perceive in a "1 G" barrel roll?
Why aren't there any jets with horizontal-stabilizer-mounted engines?
What are the rules for flying drones in National Recreation Areas?
Will a diagnosis of psychosis ban me from getting my recreational pilots license or my private pilots license?
Who defines the callsign for radio communication?
What is the correct ATC phraseology for tower to clear a practice approach?
What is Squawk on radar tracking websites?
How airlines are calculating crew member's payroll?
Why does airport security use numbered baskets for my carry-on stuff to be x-rayed?
Hypothetical question regarding take off.
How can I use the "control hinge-moment coefficient due to tab" for sizing a trim tab on an elevator?
Why are flights from Fuzhou or Xiamen to Taiwan not allowed to overfly Taiwan strait?
Can an increased current rating of a Ground Power Unit damage an aircraft?
Why does the B-29 not have pilot-accessible thrust?
What is the axis of rotation in a high alpha roll?
What is the feasibility of solar powered drones?
What is the usual practice in interacting with ATC at Top-of-Descent?
Bright exhaust in afterburner vs no visible (bright) exhaust when not in afterburner?
How do they fill fuel in big aircraft?
Checkerboard painted on fuselage of Boeing test aircraft
If an approach chart says "GPS required", do I need GNSS capability to fly it?
Does RPM refer to the speed of the engine or the speed of the propeller?
What light signals or visual markings indicate that turns should be made to the right at class G airports?
When/how to set the inbound or outbound course when intercepting a VOR for a DME hold?
What is compressibility drag?
How do flight crews handle a death aboard a commercial aircraft?
Could TCAS be overwhelmed by multiple conflicting traffic and "give up"?
Must quadcopters have the same propeller sizes?
What is the available range for DME, and why do we need EFC?
