Rear V-brake pivots (cantilever studs) asymmetrical on Specialized Hardrock XC 2004 - how to fix?
Does this abandoned 1976 Murray Alpine 26 I found have any significance or worth?
What size Mr. Tuffy Liner should I buy for my 24"x1.95" bike tires?
How does the geometry of cross bikes affect on-road handling?
How to increase the brake force of my drum brakes
Are there any parts I should replace on my SCOTT Metrix 20?
Can I put standard drop brakes on a MASI drop handlebar?
How can I tell if my wheels need replacing due to rim wear?
Techniques for safely leaving a bike for 1-2 minutes in a safe-ish place
How to carry sunglasses, so that I can easily put them on or off?
MTB Why are 29ers considered better then the legacy 26'' or 27'' tires?
Reason behind the Tour Down Under "People's Choice Classic"
Folding bike for commuting and touring
Performance difference between Shimano SPD and SPD SL
Anti-puncture options
Downtube friction shifters for 11 speed
Commercially available sprung tyres/wheels?
How can I fix panniers that have got holes in
Why do some people leave the chain sitting on the smaller sprocket when the bike is not used for a while?
What are the pros and cons between an aluminium and carbon frame?
What's the difference between a Cannondale F29 Carbon 3 and a Cannondale F29 *Flash* Carbon 3?
Swapping chainrings on old ultegra crank
Adjusting a triple front derailleur after removing largest chainring
Carbon frame strengh
Are heavily worn rims safe to use on trainer?
Aerodynamic kid's trailer with suspension
Bottom bracket mysteriously squeaking
How can I tell if a rack and panniers will work with my bike?
How to prevent breathing issues during extreme cold
Are 130 BCD chainsets stiffer than 110 BCD?
What kind of pump/attachment do I need for this? (picture)
restoring the finish of an oxidized polished aluminum frame?
Sources for vintage or reproduction decals?
Is this a collectable bicycle?
Information about an old frame
White 1996 trek Y22
Getting started with carbon fiber DH/XC wheels
How do I train to gain Tony Martin/Fabian Cancellara/Bradley Wiggins esq abilities to turn over a big gear 58t, 11t,?
Where I live, winter weather can reach -50 °C (-60 °F), with gale-force winds. How can I bike in these conditions?
What kind of crank extractor do I need
Upgrading a GF Tarpon to 650B wheelset
Which way does the seat clamp go on the post?
Do I need to plug internal cable routing ports?
What to do when there's no more adjustment room on disc brakes
What is the matter with this Shimano disc brake lever?
Shimano rear hub body compatibility
Does a hybrid pannier / backpack exist?
derailleur P-screw/B-screw does absolutely nothing
Snow Tire Wraps for Bicycles
What is this "recumbent" trainer?
Why don't race bikes have solid front triangles?
Wheel spokes & strength
Crank pedal spindle hole thread stripped
Peugeot PX-10 with Shimano 105 Triple with BB-6700
Is it possible to compensate a short sized frame by adjusting seatpost and stem?
Picking a crankset for a 107mm BB on a downhill bike
Wheel performance in cross wind
Custom/universal clamp/attachment for light on rear rack
Mini Pumps For Roadbike (120 psi)?
When is a bike frame considered too tall?
Do quick release wheels require certain design in the fork?
Thru Axle and Quick Release Fork/Frame Compatability?
Broken bottom bracket? Pedals are pretty loose
Are deep V wheels only for fixed gear bikes?
are OEM parts of lower quality?
Which waterproof shoes?
How to build a fixie bike?
With a 700c X whatever tire, does the other number really matter?
Alfine 11 chain guard
converting to fixed gear, chain problem
What is a thru axle?
Headtube Badges
Are there any manufacturers of steel road bikes today?
Reverse a saved course on Garmin Edge 200?
Should cheap suspension forks be oiled often?
How to mark a tire
Use of Shimano long-reach calipers with "New Super SLR" brake levers/shifters
Pedal weight and performance
Why would each patch produce a new leak before resintalling tube?
Why should I choose 36 or 32 spokes (or another number)?
Front suspension on a cyclocross bike?
How can I prevent or mitigate the front wheel coming off the ground when climbing steep hills?
Screw cap stuck in adjustable stem connection, how to remove or reattach?
What causes a wheel to seize?
brakes for carbon rims
Shimano 9 speed shifters
What is minimum period by which my cycles should be service?
building a cargo trike (bakfiets): steel thickness
Physical limits for a fixie rider
Can I swap a shimano free hub body for a campag one and be able to attach it to the existing Deore hub?
What is the difference in procedures for bleeding different disc brakes?
Garmin Edge Touring - Quality of the maps
How do you download OSM maps to Garmin Edge?
Shimano ST-3300 brake lever doesn't return fully
Can I change the rear cassette on a folding bike?
Using a series of hub gears
What should I look for when buying chain lube / lubricant?
Can I use a Center Lock hub and disc brake rotor in place of an ISO hub?
What happens when a bike has not had maintenance for a long time?
How to buy replacement disc brakes
New commuting road bike. Wishlist: discs & electronic gears
How to jump curbs?
How much value do groupsets gain/loose per year?
How to use a vapor barrier with cycling shoes for cold weather riding?
Can anyone identify this Tandem bike I restored from a junk yard?
Are Shimano components compatible with each other? Do I have to get a specific chain?
How can I stop my shifters slipping when climbing?
What is needed to change a set of wheels? + advice RE the cassette size
Dawes Super Galaxy - Tubes
MTB Manufactures and Upgrade-ability
Shimano Ultegra vs Shimano Sora
Wheel bust after 10 months, is this normal / usually covered by warranty?
How do I identify the manufacturing year of a Surly pacer frame?
Trying to identify some very old Magura rim brakes
Caliper drop for bike conversion
What are the advantages of a custom frame for a touring bike?
Rear mech cage stuck, how can I take it apart?
Lower vs. Taller Bottom Bracket Height
Will using a pannier rack mounting kit damage a carbon frame Axiom vs Tubus
What components are required to upgrade from a 14 speed to 24 speed?
Did the Giant Trinity A1 come with a derailleur hanger?
Aerodynamic effect of drafter to the draftee
How to setup rebound?
How to relate wind chill, temperature, and cycling
Trek 3700 XC Hardtail - looking to convert to temp road bike
Truvativ Crank housing
Urban rides map projects
Guidance on Specialized bike models
What is the purpose of the plastic disk between the cassette and the rear wheel?
How long do Garmin's cycling GPS devices take to get an initial GPS lock?
Mountain Biking Websites
Camera alternatives for commuting (2014 version)
How to determine if my rear axle is bent?
if my height is 5'9" what mtb should I buy?
What type is my bike valve, and why can't I pump it up?
What would be some good and affordable mountain bikes for a beginner?
What are some good flat pedal shoes for XC racing?
Bicycle disc brake rotors
Is a cannondale scalpel 3 full suspension capable of trail/ downhill? (100mm Suspension)
Are Avids BB7 superior to the Hayes Stroker Ryde?
Please help me pick one of these bicycles and store benefits
Can Shimano 600 front derailleur handle 3 chain wheels?
Does 1.2cm of additional frame stack make a large difference to the ride of a bike?
Advice on buying a SCOTT SUB Sport 10 2014
Is there a way to syncronize cycling activities from Movescount to Runkeeper or vice versa?
Rides tracking app for windows phone
Are bikes more prone to punctures after a spell of rainfall/flooding?
Regulations regarding Braking redundancy on single speed bikes.
Why do full suspension bikes seem to be on average £1000 more expensive than hardtails?
Shimano Revo shifter does not shift
Framebag vs Panniers - Pros and Cons
Sunglasses for cycling - what features to look for?
Wheel rim problem
Solar charger for iPhone whilst on a bike tour - is it worth it?
Any experience with shaft driven bikes?
Internal gear hub maintenance
Handlebar stem : height vs length
how to strip the paint from a bike yourself?
Does group riding negate the aero benefit of deep rim wheels?
di2 front derailleur braze on for 105?
Am I too heavy for my Trek 7200 multitrack?
Specialized bike store or general sports shop
Should my foot be able to step flat on the ground, when I sit on a bike seat?
What is a recovery ride?
Older road freewheels vs new mountain bike freewheels?
Sheldon Brown's writing?
My lock was rusty and key snapped while trying to unlock bike so now its permanently locked
What benefits in bikes like "trek", "cannondale", over "merida" and such?
Cyclocross bike fit
What size of slick tire should I buy?
What percentage of bike vs. car accidents at night could be avoided by good side visibility?
Can a road bike be transformed intto an mountain bike?
Can it fit the rim i have?
Recessing Look Cleats
How tight should my front quick release lever be?
different types of rear shock suspension and their uses?
Why aren't most suspension bikes extremely long travel?
Making bicycle semi-motor powered
Bicycle speakers
Dropper seat post with 150 mm of travel
I'm a bit confused on bike shoe terminology. Particularly regarding Look KEO Plus Pedals - what is required to use them?
Transition between hybrid bike and endurance road bike
Cyclocross Rim Wearing with Rim Brakes and appropriate Solutions
MTB Crank on a Cyclocross Bicycle?
looking for an entry level bike
Best 9 speed cassette for fast & flat
Can I enter an enduro race on a hardtail mountain bike?
Bike lock bar jiggles in locked position -- indicative of weakness?
Type of cycle for losing weight and staying fit for a beginner
What format should I select for automatic upload to Strava?
Why do some triathlon seatposts go straight up and down instead of at an angle?
Bicycle Storage: Does Kvartal method need studs (or other suggestions)?
Adapt V-brakes bicycle to disk brakes
Backpack size - 10L vs 14L
Can big drop-offs and rocky descents be handled by 29er with 120mm
Adaptor for 20mm Shimano saint 810 hub to 15mm?
Bottom bracket removal, what is this part?
Cycle tyre and tube burst
Calculate frame stack and reach
Speed and comfort of a racing bicycle?
Do I need to be concerned about a carbon frame if I attach a bike trailer?
Sliding chain over the cassette
What is the actual cable pull of brake levers?
If a lane is going to expand should the left lane be taken prior to the expansion?
Sliding chain back on hub gear bikes
Rockrider 8.1 rack and bags
why does the lemond revolution turbo trainer quote its volume of air resistance in meter^2 and not per second cubed?
How tight should brakes and shifters be on the handlebars?
What does a "dished" wheel mean? How to tighten spokes on such a wheel, without a spoke tension meter?
KMC Z8S IG or HG compatibility
loose spoke that will not screw back in
Modifying Brake Cable to Fit?
Why are Avid brakes so difficult to bleed?
how to adjust the derailer - apart from the L/H limiting screws
Which way to wrap handlebar tape
When I press on pedal, intermittent loss of power
Name that frame! (Likely Japanese, likely made in 1986, with known serial number, likely a Bianchi)
Howto design a route in Google Maps on the pc and navigate on the android device
Tapping threads into braze-ons
Cut U-Lock....Bicycle Left?
What tolerances should I use for spoke tension when building a wheel
Have you built your own components?
Are road bikes capable of being ridden on gravel?
Fitting a bottle cage
Play in Jockey wheels Sram X7 rear derailleur
Disc brake producing noise after a crash
Wheels changing on Giant Rebel 4
What is a shimano ispec shifter?
Cube Agree GTC - Tri-Bars
Magnetic trainer failure
Low gearing setup for road bike with Shimano dual control
Air suspension unit for relatively low mass
Is there not enough shim on my suspension pivot?
Can I change chainring size on a dirt jump bike?
Do Miche bottom brackets require a special tool, or is this one damaged?
What are the differences in mountain bike hubs (With wheelset recommendation)?
Hill climb Time Trial pacing strategy for short steep hills?
installing a 700-18-23C tube on a bicycle
Will my bike hold my weight?
Bike for mixed use
Are helmets with chin guards safer than those without?
How do you use a power meter to pace yourself during steep hill time trial events?
How to compare old road bikes
Hydraulic Disk brake piston not fully retracting
Fork shakes on braking
ANT+ to Bluetooth Low Energy bridge?
Is it a good idea to switch to hub gear?
What does "Electronic Ready" mean on a Giant Frame?
"Creaking" noise from headtube/handlebar
How to choose protective cycling gloves?
Will riding cobblestones and rough streets kill my cup and cone hubs?
Looking for a narrow-cage 16T capacity FD
Can I use pin-held V-Brake inserts in (cantilever) screw-held Shimano M Type brake pad holders?
Unbranded cranks vs FSA Vero cranks?
What should I look for when buying a bike from an auction?
tricycle engine compatibility?
Should I not use a trail because of poor conditions?
What do I need to know about fitting new wheels on a bike?
Headwind when riding in a loop
Best cycle to work provider?
How to protect rear derailleur while mountain biking?
What went wrong with my bottom bracket spindle length calculation?
Single speed crank compatibility
Has a bike been made with a rear derailleur above the chainstays?
Does anyone sell a direct-drive recumbent with no handlebars?
What is the best way to stop and restart at a stoplight?
Will this crankset fit my bottom bracket?
Extra screw after removing front wheel (plus enclosed hub brakes)
Is it possible to ride 18km everyday for a beginner?
Do I have too much chafer strip showing after fixing a puncture?
What does vulcanizing solution in patch kits consist of? Can I buy it?
How do you install a bicycle pedal without a wrench?
new tires for schwinn phocus 700C
Obtaining the optimum chain line
Why and how much is riding big-chainring-frong small-cog-rear a negative practice?
Riding bicycle without using seat
would you use vo2 max intervals increase your functional threshold power using a power meter?
Upgrade suspension on hard tail MTB
Why doesn't Shimano use shadow technology on road derailleurs?
How to protect yourself from pollution in city cycling
Will These Bike Racks Fit a 2002 Citroen Berlingo?
Shifting can't keep up with my acceleration
Mystery grease source - Alfine 11, Gates Belt drive, Shimano bottom bracket
What is the convention for highlight colors on cue sheets?
MTB with gears or non gears, suspension or non-suspension for stunts?
Replacing SRAM Red chain set with Ultegra - bottom bracket?
Tough road or touring frame/bike
Is there a polite way to take the centre of the road without antagonizing motorists?
Steering in pivoting boom front wheel drive recumbent bike
Frame that takes 700x35
Whats the difference between a cyclocross and cyclocross-commuter
When to replace rear derailleurs
How bad is this fire damaged alloy frame?
Should I avoid sitting on top tube on my carbon bike?
High-quality commuting bike with "women's" frame
Protecting carbon bike frame after a small chip?
remove "wrench force" floor bike pump from the schrader valve
How do I remove a bottom bracket?
1980's bike vs New(er) Models? (Should one stay with an ancient bike?)
Rubbing disc brake caliper
Name in English of different parts and tools
Minimum mountain bike trekking/touring equipment
How to replace old style cotter-pin bottom bracket with a modern one?
Spoke Tension Guidelines
Figures on accidents involving cyclists where motorists are using cell/mobile phones
Can a 120mm fork be mounted on Specialized Myka?
How can I mount a 25.4 mm seat-post on a frame that needs a 27.2 mm seat-post
difference between rack mounts and fender mounts?
odd noise on new disc brakes
Is it bad etiquette to ride road bike through a small residential area?
Are these bikes real from Aliexpress?
My bike after a new spray paint, gets scratched easily
Road Bike or Hybrid Bike For Paving Stone
Where can I ride Paris-Roubaix style cobbles in the UK?
Creaking From Bottom Bracket
7-speed cassette on an 11-speed freehub
Are there sirens/horns that are like a car horn?
Single pivot brake with handlebar levers (Resurrecting an old Colnago)
Clear glasses without "ghost" double images?
What are the Pros/Cons of a 2.1 vs 2.3 wide Mountain Bike Tire
How much does rider weight increase tire pressure?
What is the difference between a horizontal top tube and a sloped one?
When riding with a single pannier, does it matter which side it's on?
How much does tire pressure affect the weight of the wheels
Can I approximate how much air pressure is lost from disconnecting the hose?
What is a cheap puncture-proof tire against tackweed?
What are the pros and cons of different types of shifter cables?
DIY solution for carrying kids on a long-john: ideas?
Getting back on the bike after bad fall, how do I get over my fear?
Disc brake clicking noise
Squeaky hydo brakes
Is it possible to predict when roads will have less traffic?
Slipping shift cable barrel adjusters
Can an IGH have the same maximum overdrive-ratio as a crank-sproket setup?
Where can I find a Shimano cs50 stopper fixing bolt?
Did SRAM change/update their 10 speed PowerLink?
Bike Floor Pump for Raleigh Talus 3.0
Pannier rear rack with no eyelets
How should I train for a hilly ride while living in a flat country?
Which gears combinations shouldn't be used?
Route planning and avoiding gravel/unpaved roads?
When Mark Cavendish says he's sprints at 1500 watts how long is that for?
How long for legs to get used to fixed gear 15 mile daily ride
Can someone help identify my bike frame?
Tire's won't inflate after winter
Bicycle front suspension types
What are the different types of bottom brackets?
Should I check puncture-resistant tires for glass etc.?
Tire Gauge to Avoid Over-Inflation
Disk brake squealing after bike shop changed my pads. Is it enough reason to ask them to re-service (for free)?
When to lube a chain?
Will increased weight make me go downhill faster?
Does the age of brake pads make any difference?
Unicycle touring -- how common?
Canyon Yellowstone 4.0 suitable for women?
Does a rear wheel work up front?
How to measure chainring / cog wear?
handlebar under-tape (extra layer)?
assembling brackets and front crankset: how many spacers and orientation
Dropped the Wedge of a quill stem in the head tube
Are cross brake levers with compact drop bar redundant?
Rotating two chains on one cassette
Funky Rear Axle. Need help Identifying
Bike Speedometer Accuracy
Do bikes require a specific brake type?
Old 6 speed casette on a new modern wheel
Multiple Bluetooth Smart sensors for bike?
Slipping when pedalling
How can I get a bike mechanic certification/where can I learn to be a bike mechanic?
What is the difference between a freewheel and a hub?
Can you take apart rear derailleurs, and how do you put them back together again?
Dual position air, solo air, coil, rebound: what do they mean about forks?
Direction of chain whip
What is the lifespan of a typical road tire?
RevoShift Friction: shifting to the largest gear takes a lot of force?
Shimano Compatibility
How to practice SPD release in very steep uphills?
shimano 14-34t megarange casette not shifting to first gear
Allez vs Secteur
maintenance schedule tracking software
Sram T3 cracks when pedaling, but it works, in all three gears.The bike is three years in use
Bent freewheel axle in less than 200km
How important is a heart-rate monitor?
Interrupter (cross) brake lever cable guide wedges?
Is it rude to take the lane, then filter when encountering congestion?
Bicycle keeps 'skipping a beat'
Cheap Carbon Fiber Wheels
What's a safer alternative to a flag for marking special bikes?
Is it a good idea to buy a 7-year-old MTB?
I broke my rear axle, apparently it's an old style. Is it easily replaceable?
U/D lock or folding lock?
Broke the lid cover of my Shimano Deore combi hydraulic brake reservoir. Repair options?
Can I use an old cog for my new hub?
What parameters are important when replacing a rear hub?
Rebuilding a rear wheel
How much does non-ideal frame size matter?
Removing suspension from a bike
Should rotors have no rub at all?
Changing freewheel singlespeed cog
Is the head angle on full suspension bikes given with or without sag?
Are both sides of a Avid rotor the same?
Good idea to commute with a road bike and keep it outside?
Shimano Deore Squeaking Sound
Replacing 28in wheels with 26in
Any tips on riding a roll-off, followed by a trench?
Pain in my front shoulder muscle - suggestions? (Hybrid cycle)
Software to track and plan group rides
Are there front looking mirror options?
Road bikes rim brake or disc brake
Drop Bar for Lespo Frame?
WD40 on Single-Speed Chain
26" vs 28" wheels for touring
What could be the reason for stem this far away
Would an original Abloy padlock and [toughened] chain make a good bike lock?
How do I tell the size of my braking discs?
Usage experience with anti-theft GPS trackers
Difference between Mavic Deemax Ultimate 2011 and latest version
Does Bike or Rider Weight / Groupset affect cruising speed on the flat
Is it unhealthy to fail this bike fit and why?
clincher wheel lifespan
Trainers: Fluid or Mag
Chain not fitting chain ring
Is it ok to mix 23 and 25 tyres
Tyre Rubber Classifications
changing disc brake pad material while keeping same rotors
Chain drops in smallest gear under load
Rim Stickers/Decals
What to look for in a bicycle meant for the exercise?
Planet Bike speedometer won't reset
What Changed with Shimano Hyperglide-C?
Replaced faulty Shimano twist shifter but front derailleur still won't catch 3rd
Partially disassembling Sticky Shimano STI shifter for service
How has biking changed in the past 15 years?
Going from a 1x8 to 2x10 setup
Joshua X1 Rear Sprocket
Threads visible on axle of rear fixed wheel
No Tourney or Altus parts on Shimano website?
Insurance for carless cyclist in California
Burley Flex Connector, square tube vs round tube, does it really matter?
Can I mount a wheel with a narrow hub to a wide frame?
Shimano tourney 7 speed shifter for rear not working
Which type of bicycle is best for weight loss?
Why would anyone use DOT fluid and vacuum-based brakes?
Handlebar size options
Should I let chronic training load drop (as in stop training) to end my current level of tiredness or continue riding?
What's the inner width of my rim?
if you replace the front gear system do you need to replace both the rear casette and the rear derailuer or neither
Triple chainset to single chainset; BB compatability?
Are Campagnolo and Shimano 11 speed chains interchangeable?
When turning a corner my rear wheel touches the brake pad, is this normal?
Will speed/cadence sensor work with 650c bicycle
Is there a cycling equivalent to Naismith's rule
Is there a way to make activity wristbands read bike rides more accurately?
Is the lack of activation in sore calves indicative of a poor stroke technique?
Do I Install Tape or Valve First on a Tubeless Rim
Professional Rider Database
How do I fix stiff dual-pivot brakes?
gears slipping after a chain change
How much air pressure for dt swiss m3 shock
Do I Need to Use Sealant?
Chain skipping with new chain and freewheel
Which rim tape for 700x28 tires?
My SPD shoes + cleats won't clip in to my SPD pedals
Adding gears to a single speed Cycle
Upgrading SLX brakes, do I also need SLX rotors?
Help identify this frame
Converting a mountain bike to a urban commuter
How do I stop my rear derailleur from rubbing against my chassis?
Suspension fork swap for rigid: axle-to-crown confusion
Tyre has a 'dip' in it after fitting to rim
Niner Biocnetric Compatibility
Friction occurs in BMX Freewheel
Shift lever and boss (mount point) compatibility matrix
Why is it called a "timing chain"
Where can I find touch-up paint?
What kind of flat is this?
Gates belt drive front sprocket replacement
Adjusting over locknut distance with spacers
What regulations apply to bicycles in New York City, USA
Long commute (~30km/18.5mi) considerations/logistics
Road Bike Bending Rear Skewers
Gears jumping/slipping from the rear cogset on a new bike
Are pedal overlap bikes normal?
Will I snap my derailleur? (too large front chainwheel)
Theoretical question about double drivetrain (both-sides drive)
Carbon Fork Noise
Replacing stem on non-oversize bars
How many freewheel thread sizes are there?
Are Hollowtech II bottom bracket normal?
Headest: replace bearings or entire headset
Tools and spares needed to repair a chain on the road
Is a bigger wheel likely to get fewer flats?
How do I setup these brakes?
spoke end poking out of rim, thinking it may be reason why Im getting flats
Not enough space to adjust the caliper
difference in rear hub widths?
Is hydroformed tubing good?
Is a fatter tire likely to get fewer flats
SPD PD-M520 Pedals, replacing the Body Cover
9 speed cassette and 7 speed shifter
Broken glass on the bicycle path, what to do?
New to Drop bar Road Bike, severe upper back/neck pains
Password protect Shimano Di2?
8 speed shifter with 7 speed cassette
Can I replace the front front derailleur with chain guide?
Cycling on the sidewalk/pavement fines in belgium/netherlands
FSA Compact 50/34 Need better climbing
Painting a bike with minimum cost
Restoring the original color of metal and chainrings
Safety check for a used bike
Using a Sram 22 group with 10 speed crank
Maintence on Mavic 500 hub without Mavic 670 tool
Is this FD compatible with this crankset: 2 teeth too litle
Benefits of newer racer bikes over older ones?
The difference between a junkie bike and a racing bike?
Safety of old brakes
The shifters and brakes are one piece
Tapered fork into 44mm head tube?
Turn signal lights for bikes
BB30 bottom bracket won't stop clicking
Fixing hydraulic disk brakes, what to check first?
How to select a tube?
Difference in brakes and switcher cables?
Major differences between Hardtail and Full Suspension mtn bikes
Riding a bike on a tilted road
Is there any advantage to preparing the tire bead with sealant during installation on the rim
What PSI for downhill bike tires used for road biking?
Should I force an 130 mm hub into my old vintage alu frame
Replacing a chainring - what did I do wrong?
Can I swap my 49cm fixie frame with a 47cm, with every other part fitting right on the new frame?
Shimano cleats, Exustar shoes: Which bolts to use?
Why use 54T (or bigger) chainring?
How does a neck brace work?
What are criteria for a team to get UCI World Tour license for the next season?
Why do Mountain Bike helmets have visors?
Should I repack the hub bearings on new wheels with quality grease?
Am I required as a biker to use the bike lane on the right side of the road?
Pedaling not connecting right away
How can I tell if my bike has a freewheel or a cassette?
Is it worth separating your vo2 max wattage's on the flat and hill climbs in order to provide clearer goals during training?
Front derailleur adjustment
Adjust brake tension / stopping power
1986 Stumpjumper Sport Cog Replacement
Can anyone help me identify this bike?
Giant Revolt 2 vs Giant Anyroad 2 drag/roll resistance
Avoid problems with ratchet straps to fasten MTB shoes
Road bike or hybrid bike?
Wobbling on Shimano Nexus 8
Garmin Edge Touring can't do car, walking, or straight-line routing directions?
The tire got flat the third day of changing it
Why did the chain on my kid's bike slack after I changed his tire?
Can I modify the gearing on a 2009 Jamis Aurora?
Pain on the 5th Metatarcel and Cuboid
Lots of broken spokes on one bike, with different wheels
How to keep a huge cargo bike safe in the city?
Carbon Fiber vs. Aluminum
Is this a stunt or a useful descent technique?
can you put a shimano XTR M980 175mm stage power meter on a XT M785 175mm setup?
Changing from 5 to 6 cog freewheel on 1986 Stumpjumper-Sport
What's the point in a freewheel/cassette with incrementally sized rings?
How to get a lower gearing
Noticeable clicking from crankset or bottom bracket
Bike left out in triple digit heat
how to chose the right frame size for touring bike?
Which Mountain Style Shifter for Early 90's Shimano 105?
Bicycle Components: What's The Real Difference?
Lightweight aluminum frame transported via trunk rack
Why does my bike crank creak and come loose?
How to keep my bike safe around campus?
Ask for Recommendation for Biking Outfits
Is this a good bike light? And should I give these people my money?
Tool for shimano bb-un26 Bottom Bracket
Bike type xc ht or cx?
Can you identify this cheap single speed bike?
What is the measurement in inches of a XL frame?
Can you attach front panniers to shocks?
Difficulty & Value of replacing suspension forks w disk brakes (for Touring)
Good Brands for Front Pannier Rack on Suspension Forks
Bike washed with pressure washer. How to recover?
Bicycle trainer tyre - understanding the sizing
How can I properly identify Cannondale Bad Boy 1 year model?
structure of rear wheel to support cargo trailer
What is the problem with my suspension fork?
Effective use of a coaster brake?
Replacement chainring compatibility
Replacing a shifter
Building a city/trail bike with a CX frame, what should I consider?
How to correctly align "to see" bicycle lights?
How to correctly align "be seen" lights
Exchange FSA K-Force Light chainset with a SRAM RED
MegaEXO Omega BB and Hollowtech II crank compatibility?
Is it worth it to buy a bike that comes with puncture resistant tires, or add them later?
Rear wheel at edge of dropouts on a Surly Cross Check
Can you help identify this bike?
Does anyone make a spacer for SPD cleats?
Easy build, high weight capacity trailer for Burning Man
Quick release wheel is either too tight or not tight enough
How do you check your road bike tires for wear?
Upgrading mechanical disk brakes
Bicycle Seating Posture Ergonomics
Asking for Feedback about my Bike Lock Invention
Bike trying to jumps gears when I stand
Does the National Bike Registry work?
Upgrading cassette - what do I need to be aware of?
Bike gears not shifting how they should
I need help to identify this bike
How air suspension lockout works
What kinds of tools do I need to do bike maintenance, e.g. adding a rack?
Dual air forks negative positive chamber pressure equality
Is it worth it to get a bike computer with cadence?
freewheel removal tool for Shimano MF TZ21
What are the most important accessories for a new biker to get?
Adjusting gear ratio
Allen Coggan power profile table for Cyclo cross riders?
Serial numbers on bottom bracket housing from a 50s era Schwinn?
Advice on buying a new bike
Is it worth buying used bikes of old models?
Problem during installation of Rockshox Reverb Stealth product
Fitting questions - Effective top tube vs horizontal
Need help for my wheel size
Prescription Cycling Glasses
Can I use a Suntour Cyclone GT Rear Derailleur for a 10 speed Campagnolo cassette?
how long does it take to break in a brooks saddle (b17)
Does it make you safer to use lights during the day?
how many spacers do I need for a 83mm bottom bracket and a 142x10 hub?
Larger cassette options on a compact set up?
Why has my ride changed?
FSA Omega MegaEXO Press fit BB 19mm removal (non standard BB86)
How do I get rid of odor from cycling shoes?
Are Claris(ST-2400) shifters drop-in replacements for St-2300s?
Chainring Compatability
Trek 1.1 Derailleur Hanger
Specific 10 speed chain models that work well on 9 speed Shimano rear drivetrains
What is the effect of changing length of crank arms?
Hydraulic brakes feel loose
How should I transport Cannondale Bad Boy 5 INSIDE a BMW 4 Series Coupe?
Frame differences between 700c and 29er?
Why top touring bikes have no suspension forks?
Compatibility Look-Keo/Look/SPD-Sl Plates & Pedals
What will I need to consider when modernizing a pre-1990s steel frame?
MTB with Road crank
Shimano R500 or Alex ALX-295 - Which Are Better?
Peculiar feel when pedaling
Knee feeling after long ride with road bike
Used-bike: How much to reserve for repairs/upgrades of total budget?
Analysis of Stages high-speed data
What is the relationship between tyre pressure and weight?
What exactly happened to my rear derailleur?
Do tire / tube / valve combinations that don't leak air exist?
problem in gear shifting
Chain guide/tensioner for 2011 Giant Reign 2 (Press Fit)
Vintage Campagnolo hood
Crunching/grinding chain noise
How To Get Started With Hand Cycling
Will carbon fork make a huge difference when commuting?
Titanium frame: using copper grease
Are 32mm tires ideal for a fast commuter bike?
Recommendation for lightweight pedals for use with SPD or without
Are the Shimano BR650 brakes really Ultegra spec?
Help with pairing the right headset to a new 3T fork
Polite/Proper Way To Notify Pedestrians and Bicycles
Warranties on cycling clothing in the event of a crash?
Stuck front derailleur
Pannier for MacBook Pro 15 retina?
Help Identify This Bike
I need to change my fork after having an accident with my bike
Release brakes Giant OCR4 2006
Will Slick Tires Work for a Mountain Bike Ridden by a Heavier Rider?
Do expedition bikes offer advantages over standard touring bikes?
Are some tires safer than others?
Mountain bicycle miles convert to road bicycle miles
What can I use for a DIY cable end?
Installing handlebar
Mountain bike tires vs. road tires - from crushed limestone to pavement
How many years an aluminium frame lasts in a touring bike?
How do I keep a bike feeling "new"?
"Quick Fix" Tyre Repair Spray Cans
Armadillo's or Kevlar Inserts?
What are some good films about cycling?
How do treads affect traction?
Suitability of Giant Aero RS2 for occaisonal on-road mountain trips
Do I have all needed for flip flop swap
Just found a vintage Sears & Roebuck 'Ted Williams' Free Spirit 3 wheeler. Can I modernize it?
Chain brushes derailleur
Are there any suitable alternatives to alcohol/brake cleaner for cleaning brake rotors?
How do I train for climbing in a relatively flat area?
Can I swap down to a different number of teeth on a chainring
How to reuse a rim after the brake edge has been damaged
Replace 140mm fork with 160mm on Remedy 7 27.5 possible?
What U-lock has a reasonable weight to safety ratio?
Are all the Ultegra brake pads the same?
Do these pads look contaminated?
Strange logo on the frame
What's the best way to remove stick-on frame protectors
chain getting stuck between chainrings
Converting a Bicycle without gears into a Geared one?
Loose pedals on Norco MTB
Could you make a bike frame out of 24kt gold?
Slow lever return after shortening brake line and bleeding
Shimano shoe fitter
Where to buy 2005 Shimano 105/Ultegra brifter hoods?
Sudden tyre deflation with no puncture
700 x 32c Tire on 27 x 1 1/4 Wheels?
Why did the hydraulic disc brake stop working when riding down a steep mountain?
Can I use cartridge bearings on my wheel hub?
Should tyre sidewalls appear cracked so quickly?
Clipless pedals: Why clipping in so darn difficult?
What kind of spokes for Giant PSL0 wheelset
Presta vs schrader valves
Disc brake maintenance
Creaking sounds from the saddle tube?
Cheap, effective degreaser recommendations?
What is the crank length on a Shimano Deore XT?
Are there any cleats (for SPD-SL) that convert the pedal to a regular flat platform for regular shoes?
Can a guy wear a woman's helmet safely?
Cheap german bikes and online shopping
Where to purchase a simple single-speed?
How dirty should the chain and the cogs be before I should consider cleaning them?
The Value of a Chair on a Touring Trip
Noticeably more Muscle on one leg than the other?
Small wheel bike to be converted to bigger wheels
How to train front braking technique?
What does "LL" mean on BB spindle?
Reducing Bulk on a touring trip
What bike to buy to replace CitiBike?
Brake Cable Ends - Barrel and Pear Nipples
What do I have to know, to replace my hydraulic disc brakes with new ones?
How can I tell if I have properly patched a tube? (specifically a 2" mt. bike tube)
What's the lowest safe cadence on a climb?
How do I get my hydraulic disc brakes working well again
Mystery item broken on old Dawes. Help!
Specific Conversion to IGH
Is it ok for the trunk bike rack to rest against the glass of a hatchback?
Rear hub for randonneuring - any "classic" model?
Solid rubber bicycle tires
Annual technology gap of high end road bikes
Hybrid bike change to road bike
Damaged (scraped) tire - what to do?
2,600km on an 8 speed bike?
Can I replace my bicycle's dynamo with batteries?
Difficulty inflating my bike tire
How to fix V-brakes
How to remove cantilever brake arm?
Please help me identify my bike
Tips for first time cyclist on 9W in NJ/NY
Carrying Pizza on a Bicycle
I want to weld or braze the pedal to the crank arm, but what metals are they?
What can be done to fix a hub that has come apart?
How to start a grassroots DH race?
When do I need more than one bike? How many bike is enough? How many bikes is too many?
Does the Brooks Cambium C17 Saddle rub off?
What's the maximum tire width of a Cannondale Bad Boy 6 2014?
Choosing the correct Bottom Bracket
Cycling position for commuting
Chain rings slip when crank is turned
painting an aluminum/carbon frame
Do softer tires provide better suspension?
Chain falling off inner chain ring no matter how L screw is set
Quick-release seat slipping down
Is it a good idea to sand off the rotor when exchanging disc brake pads?
Chain Slipping?
Sticky / broken floor pump head?
Why are aero bars usually disallowed in gran fondos?
Decoding internal gear specs
Pedals turn but front sprocket does not
cantilever brakes have 1mm play in then is this normal?
What is this apparatus for?
Rat a Tat noises coming from my bottom bracket area. Please help!
What is the maximum safe storage temperature for a bike?
Can disc brakes be considered safe for road group rides?
Can I upgrade V-brake to disk brake for Cannondale Quick Cx 5
Chain Splitter vs. Chain Tool vs. Chain Breaker
What are the downsides of a twisted wheel?
Why does coaster brake hub growl when coasting but not when braking or pedaling?
Rear wheel rubs frame after tire change
Why is it important to keep bearing sets when greasing a campagnolo hub?
Replace asymmetrical BB with symmetrical cartridge and spacers?
Is there a way to hop up onto a parallel curb?
How Big is my Wheel Circumference?
How can I fix my rear derailleur's B-tension adjustment?
Do I need to patch my tubed-tire if I have a puncture?
Definition of a bunny hop
Small Tear in Michelin Pro4 Tire, Does It Need To Be Replaced?
Quick Release on Fixed Gear Bike
Choosing hubs and rims for training road wheels
Change Shimano FC-M431 Octalink crank arms to Shimano SLX
Adjusting disk brake positions
Massive and sudden increase in heart rate and vomiting after when cycling
How can I keep spiders and other bugs off my bicycle?
Can I use a Shimano 105 10 speed BCD 130mm 52t chainring as a replacement in my 9 speed tiagra triple crankset?
Changing one of the chainrings on SR Suntour NEX crank?
replaced tire, now wheel flexes side to side
Carbon fiber chip
Why do my handlebars wobble left and right?
SRAM Red 22 crankset & 10 speed cassette
Need a method to wrap H-bars with handlebar tape
Advice for getting Campagnolo Zonda wheelset on a 2000 8 speed shimano rsx
Homemade Tubeless Tires
Need help with putting together a mountain bike
Replacing bottom bracket on 98 trek 820
How can you identify if a Shimano rear derailleur is medium or long cage?
White bike components
Traveling road bikes that disassemble
Shimano Tiagra Rear Derailleur - Barrel Adjuster Won't Screw In
Will an innertube for 700x35c-44c be ok for a bike that says it needs size 700x45c?
diference between 170mm 172mm 175mm crank arm length on road bike
Truing an 'out of round' wheel
Brand New bike, chain slips into spokes on first gear
Is this a short cage or long cage rear derailleur?
How do I remove my Campagnolo Veloce rear brake caliper?
Can I use a 6mm threaded bolt instead of a bleed valve for hydraulic brakes?
How to remove completely stuck saddle post from frame
Lowrider style bent forks techniques
Loose pedal bent under pressure
Why front hub axle sticks/freezes when riding extreme downhill
Cable routing around bottom bracket
Can I get my sprinting ability back?
Carbon frame cracks
How do I use my power meter file to improve my time up this steep hill climb tt?
Changing wheel size - what should I know?
sram grip shifter to be fox CTD shock remote lever
Hub rebuild - cone dust cap conflict, hub integrated vs pressed on cone?
90 mile round trip work commute
Great/Classic climbs near Lausanne
Speed improvement from hybrid bike to road bike over 9km at 30 kmph?
Replacing a groupset in step purchases
What is this brown goop on my new bike frame?
Old Kalkoff cross bike, worth restoring or not?
Shimano FD-M191 replaced with Shimano FD-M590
Is it possible to reattach the v-brake spring/pin arm?
How to prevent freehub body damage?
Tools needed to perform groupset overhaul
Lightweight foldable shoes for road cycling
How do I replace road shift levers?
How do I replace road brakes?
Is the max pressure on tubeless rims specifically for tubeless, or do they apply to tubed tires too?
Felt carbon steerer compression plug removal
How can I interpret the intent of and respond to cars behind me honking?
Front wheel shudder on Cyclocross brakes
Do more expensive bib shorts make a difference when sat on a turbo trainer for hours on end?
Suitable rear mech for Megarange cassettes
Making my children's bike trailer more comfortable
What's this noise? Is it from my crank?
Will a 9 speed crank work with 10 speed groupset?
Tightening threaded headset locknut
Can I replace my Shimano RX 100 with a Campagnolo group?
Cramps/pain in feet and toes after turbo trainer rides and cyclocross races
Chain Noise I identified the problem, don't know how to solve it (chain/cassette?)
1/3 Century or Metric Century?
Use a lock nut on a presta valve?
Tubeless conversion on schrader valve rims
Tire popping out of rim when inflating tube
5 speed cassette on 8 speed hub
Lock ring won't reattach on bottom bracket
How to lubricate cables?
What criteria should be considered for choosing an e-bike for commuting?
Want to start cycling, is this a good bike
29" freewheel ruined (slipping)
Misadjusted B-screw: symptoms?
Trigger Shift equivalent to SRAM MRX 21 speed on Btwin Rockrider 5.0
How to properly adjust Look Keo pedals
Shimano Acera Shifters - How to remove gear cable
Where to buy (carbon) framesets?
Rear index shifting not staying in middle gears
What's the best way to quickly align front quick release wheel?
How to move a bicycle by bicycle
What differs between the Cervelo S5 and S5VWD
Picking bottom bracket and chain set for older mtb frame
Is it acceptable to cycle towards the centre of the lane on blind corners?
Risks/problems of a short chain
Bike rear wheel assembly
Titanium frame has a crack - advice needed
Is it best to put oil on the inner or outer of the chain?
How do I re-insert a chain pin that has been pushed completely out?
Derailleur hanger moves when tightening quick release
Minimizing the pain in Biceps and Shoulders due to Mountain Cycling or Offroad cycling
Difference between wet and dry chain lube
Thinking of putting wider tires on intro Scattante w330...thoughts?
Will loose handlebars result in slower riding?
New chain snaps after shop service
Is it preferable to pedal downhill?
Bike wheel Assembly
Replacement Brifters for a shimano 105 2x10
Cleaning Carbon Black off a Bicycle
What can cause direction to wobble?
Why are my Shimano R540 SPD SL Road Pedals incredibly stiff to clip out of?
Best way to hang a bicycle from a ceiling pipe
What's the quickest "boost food" whilst riding in a fast bunch?
Front derailleur rubbing against chainring
phantom leak that fixed itself?
Chain slipping on middle chainring
How much does a typical cardboard bike box weigh?
Reoccurring Bent Axles, any reasons or upgrades?
How to test the endurance of a frame?
How to get weight over the back under hard braking
Replacement compatability for Shimano Mountain LX Chainring and or Crankset
Accurately replicating the resistance felt whilst riding via a resistance fan diy turbo trainer
Vintage 70's Bike info?
Realign the cassette gears after removing the rear wheel
Where to park a bike during a year for free ? (in the Netherlands?)
Who Made my Bike?
Software for time-trial race
Fixing broken STI shifters - plastic gear cable surround
Halfords just replaced my chainset and it is a 10 speed one, but my cassette is 8 speed. Am I ok?
How do I mount this Topeak rack onto this road bike with disc brakes?
What are the advantages of a building an electric bike from a kit vs. prebuilt
38mm Front 60mm Rear Clinchers Pros and Cons
What are my options for replacing a Shimano Hollowtech II BB?
Is the frame material of Specialized AWOL Comp and Elite the same?
How to destroy a LOOK pedal as it won't come off anyway
Is front-suspension a false-economy for cheaper bikes?
Stuck and stiff sora front derailleur
New Chain and Cassette - If I am not racing does it matter?
Minimum width tire?
Widest tire on a 23c rim?
What sort of bicycle helmet gives me better speed?
Can double chainrings be used with a clutch-type rear derailleur?
Single speed bike with child seat?
Bike Rack from Apartment's Underground Carpark Removed - Is building management liable?
Tubular Glue vs Tubular Tape
What bike is better 2010 Trek FX 7.5 or 2015 Trek FX 7.2?
CrankBrothers EggBeater 3 Rusted
Child bike seat usage when approaching max weight
Buying first hybrid bike; better to put $ into components or disc brakes?
Old bike - what can I use for crank replacement?
maxle lever is very loose
what benefits do tubeless tyres bring to a 29er trail mtb?
Tried to replace bicycle brake housing. Broken cable?
Where can I get U.S. size 15B SPD clipless shoes?
Minimal gear for dry winter riding in the city
Shimano DA9000 polymer cables
How To Choose A Proper Sprocket Combination For A Road Bike Cassette?
Cross bike brakes
Adjust Rear Derailleur
Trek T-900 Tandem rear hub
New Trek 1.5 wheels need to be trued after 2 rides, normal?
British Cycling Attire
Changing hubs on wheel
How much should the front wheel flex
What needs to be changed if I put in a larger chainring?
Will bending the seat post two inches forward cause any unforeseen structural issues?
If I use an 8 speed bar end shifter with the TT bar on my Allez, will I need to change any other parts of the drive chain?
Got two bikes, one of them is more exhausting to ride, what can it be?
How did cyclists get over curbs before BMX era?
Do chains on single-speed last longer than those on geared bikes?
Why do spokes break?
Netherlands: where to buy cheap bikes? (Police autions, cheapest towns)
Hookless rim benefits
Brake lever grips
Does hub diameter or hub size have a notice able effect on the aerodynamic performance of a wheel set?
Suggested tire pressure for an "overloaded" bike
Is wear on this derailleur pic normal?
Suggestions on learning to use Rollers
Breathable backpack
torque specification on headset
Brompton: where to find the higher supply of second-hand bikes in UK, or anywhere in Europe?
Hub grease, white grease, red grease or buy grease?
Maintenance for a single speed bike
Are there any permanent solutions for holes smaller than 1cm on outer tyre?
Problem with changing to high gear on the front derailleur on my new Bianchi Spillo Rubino Altus Rigid
How do I go about choosing a bike for commuting?
Foot position on pedal
How do I choose a light GPS device supporting Strava?
Pedal bearings (friction and spinning)
Replace hub from old cassette to new fixed
How can you remove the interrupter (top bar) levers from the Giant Avail 5?
What could cause an inflated tire to be "untrue" on a true rim
How to select the fenders for my bike
Are parallel v-brakes fixed distance? [Avid Arch Rival 50]
How to recognise a 6-speed freewheel compatible hub?
Apollo Highway Brake Discs ?
Is it good practice to wave following cars through when safe?
Youth racing 11 speed 16 up cassette
Bike too big for me
Reuse oversized hardtrail frame to build a commuter bike?
What are the advantages of 4 arm cranks for road bikes?
Neck pain after BG Bike Fit?
My chain came out of dérailleur frame, but gap seems too small, am I misunderstanding something?
Can I swap my fixie frame and still keep all my old components?
How much does number of gears matter for a front derailleur?
Do I need a chain guide or bash guard to convert to a single chain ring?
Should I use lights in foggy conditions?
Can anybody recommend a bike for year round commuting
What is the hazard turn signal?
New wheelset, spokes losing tension
What causes brakes to perform worse when the bike is loaded?
Changing Frames
I just replaced my cassette, do I need replace the 2 month old chain?
Hill riding: What gears are usually the most comfortable?
Is it safe to go over roots at high speed on a cross-country bicyle?
How are hub dynamo lights wired and why does a rear light cause the front to come on?
Can I change my 7-speed rear derailleur to an 8-speed?
Does the rear tyre carry more weight than the front tyre?
Can I fit a 105 crank arm (stages) to a Claris 2400 crankset?
Buying mudguard and pannier together vs separately
Difference between road & mountain drivetrain
Is it normal for the chain to slip in an 'extreme' gear?
Is there a way to merge tracks within a GPX file?
Gearing on drivetrains
Tips for having partner drive support.
Why is it important to keep equal number of turns when building a wheel?
Are new Shimano shifters compatible with old 600 Arabesque derailleurs?
Outer chainring with two sizes
Front wheel bent
BB Lockring won't completely tighten
Quick Release Rack with Horizontal Dropouts
Looking for advice on upgrading
How to install brakes with clamps that are too tight
how to translate MTB wheel specifications?
Why the solid 12mm rear axle?
Unknown shifter mount
How to select gearing for descent?
Are folding bikes less efficient than full sized bikes?
What should I check with set up of a tandem?
Choosing a tool to take off the front cassette
brand new fixie, different sized dropouts - send back?
SR Suntour XCM v3 forks Headset
My Gears Are not Shifting Well
Disc brake lines quite long
Is it realistic to fuel a long ride with NO sugar?
What is this metal bar parallel to the frame?
If a derailleur cable snaps on a long ride, how can I keep going?
What to upgrade to achieve a higher top speed?
Garmin 510 lost data
Front fork pulling to center / "indexed steering"
Difference between front and rear tires
Does it matter where you buy the bike?
Need help identifying bottom bracket
Front disc brake noise only at high speed
Internal Gear Hub for 16in Wheel?
The best way to deal with/prevent punctures on tubular tyres
Reversing Drop Bars
Upgrading rear derailer and cassette
My disc brake rotors have started to corrode. What can I do?
How do you make an end-capped gear cable?
Loose Hub on front wheel
Adjusting air pressure in the Tyre /Tire
Sekai 2000 tire and rim?
My front wheel was steering to the right... now it's steering to the left. What's the cause of this?
Shimano 105 brifters - rear shift jumps multiple gears
Valve Extender for Kids Bike
Choosing New Rims/Hubs & Assessing Size
Bike seat frame
Schwinn Vestige no longer lights up; why not?
Kenda cyclo cross 27 x 1 3/8 fit on 27 x 1 1/4 rim?
What are the differences between Tiagra and 105/Ultegra chainrings
Do DC HUB Motors For Electric Bikes use regenerative braking?
Shimano Claris FH-2400 Rear Hub Dimensions
Behring custom made bike
I want to start riding a road Bike. Is it a big difference if I buy a generic one?
safety of carbon fiber bonded to aluminum fork crown
Should one pedal over a mild slope?
Do good tires lessen the chances of your innertube bursting?
26 X 1.75 front and 26 X 2.0 rear tyre?
Can I change my large chainring without changing the entire crank?
How to dress for biking 3 miles to work in 40°F (3°C) and below so not to sweat to much but still keep warm
Is it possible to change a Shimano FC131 crankset's chainrings?
SRAM X4 MTB Rear Derailleur H-Limit screw maximum open, but still on 7th Cog?
How often should the headset be tightened?
Mechanic says not to use top three/bottom two gears or the chain will throw
Fairings for an Upright Hybrid Bicycle?
Prevent xtracycle hooptie rattling noise
Help! Tire Pressure
Chain too wide for gap between chainring and chainring guard
Gears randomly switching
Star Nut Replacement Size
What kind of tires I can use with tubeless rims?
Lighting for xtracycle hooptie
Rebuilding Easton Haven Carbon Wheels
Can a double loop cable stand up to cable cutters?
Trying to build first fixie?
Credibility of my Bike fit
Non Removable Presta Extension
Fat Tyre Punctures
Pros and Cons of 29 "wheels
Legality of opening someone else's car door?
Is bike fit really needed?
Need to know the wrench size for 10.9 screw
I need help planning my bike renovation!
Specialized Phenom seat for TT
Merge gpx files
Why are tires that fit 622mm wheels called 700C
How do I reply to a question?
How do I stop punctures for good?
Front tyre size - is 1.9" a good option?
Biking gloves with finger protection
Help me buy a bike seat post
Can I drop-in a compact crank set with my current 105 groupset
Seatpost Overextension
would I be able to put new rear wheel with 12mm x 142 axle on my 2007 RM Element 70 frame?
Mavic - TIME ATAC pedals compatibility
Loose axis of Shimano Deore FC-M591-S Hollowtech II
Chain vs chainless options
How to remove crank arm with broken bolt on SRAM Omnium crankset
Hybrid Fat/Snow Bike
Have there been designs of bikes with stepless transmission?
Bicycle shoes for road cycling
Shimano Sora vs higher range brake pull ratio
Axle flex under load normal for freewheel hub?
can i use a 700c tire (Gatorskin 700c x23) on a 650 wheel
Can't remove lockring
upgrading components on replacement?
Can lock on grips go with carbon fiber handle bars?
Recovery after long ride
Can I use any pump to fill up shock?
will increasing cadence ability hurt my climbing strength?
What are the safety concerns of a high vs a low mount trailer hitch?
Can I replace only the smallest cog on my rear cassette?
First cyclocross race - how to choose and set up the bike
First cyclocross race - strategy
How often should I lube with Pedros Ice Wax?
Is it possible to service Specialized Brain suspension systems at home?
What causes the rear hanger to snap off?
Squeaking / Chirping while pedaling
Can´t remove BMX stem top cap bolt (won´t loosen)
My bike won't shift out of 7th gear in the back
Is it possible to have a cover over your chain,cassette,derailleur and cogs to avoid regular cleaning?
Rear shifting - Unable to shift to toughest gear
Decal or paint?
Carbon fibre vs aluminium for racing
Building a bicycle using a service
What is the use of GPS/Elevation on Bike computers
why do left shifters switch chainrings and right shifters cogs?
Catastrophic failure
First Cyclocross Race - Riding a Mountain Bike
Gear to protect against hand injury in a crash
Cyclocross Tire Pressure
dual pivot side pull brake shoe touches wheel rim. How do I fix it?
Can I use Edge 510 as an indoor trainer computer
How do I fit this pair of chain tensioners on my single speed bike?
How much can a 700x23 inner tube stretch?
Is anyone really convinced of ANT + technology/benefits?
cars and scooters in a road bike race
Front Derailleur Tuning Question
How big can I drop safely on a mountain bike
Does anyone know what kind of bike this is?
what should I do when single track gets narrow
What are the practical limitations of a road bike compared to a mountain bike?
Is there any use to motor pacing for people in the cat 4 to cat 2 range actually useful?
Should I restore my old mt-bike for winter commuting (and for wife to ride with me) or throw it away?
Changing '75 international to clip in pedals and shoes
How to transport bulky things on a bike
what make and model is this bike please?
How do i fix my v-brake with some part twisted?
Why is my fixie so very hard to pedal?
Key Stuck in bike lock!
Should I grease press fit attachments?
How to get over anger at inconsiderate drivers
Cygolite Expilion Battery Replacement
Problems with Edge 510 Cadence/Speed Sensor
Replaced chain, bike makes grinding noise?
Does riding bicycles reduce sperm count?
How to avoid running over animals whilst cycling on a canal at night?
Is there a cheap touring bike that is as light as a road bike
Chain link jams after reassembling the rivet
Alternatives to ordinary fenders
Giant Overdrive 2 fork replacement
Should I replace both wheels/rims if I convert the front to a dynamo hub?
Tire upgrade from 22" to 26"
Difference between 3 campy 80mm deep section wheels
Bike chain too long?
Is there a 3rd party tool to create a heat map of all activities in a specific area?
Will slightly slimmer seatpost make a difference?
Puddle of oil when left up side down
What's the logic behind this chain length estimation method?
Why some companies stop supplying frames to pro teams?
I keep breaking the tips off my presta tube stems
Singlespeed chainline adjustment
What are the advantages/disadvantages of press fit bottom brackets compared with threaded?
Do single speed/fixed bicycles come with machined rims?
Bicycling 36 km per day in city traffic is feasible?
Did i buy the wrong derailleur? (mech hanger/direct to frame)
How to build a Camping trailer, and riding across country with it
Install hub dynamo on new cyclocross
Will slightly loose bearings result in damage?
Replacing 14" x 1.95" With 14" x 2.125"?
Cyclocross on airplane
Push off with left or right leg
Why so much hate for presta valve caps?
Odd metallic chafing sound
Training for sprints / short races
Mixing various spoke widths in a single wheel
Bolt size for the Weerider Kangaroo
Rockshox Quadra 21R -- Removal tips for old brittle elastomer
Is it normal for my derailleur cables to cross over on the down tube?
Anyone using studded bike tires on a commuter in milder climates?
CycleOps Mag Trainer skewer doesn't fit
Why does my chain slip off the chainring when cruising or back pedalling?
What are typical max speeds for pro downhill races?
Full helmet (BMX) for Commuting, what is the current 2014 opinion?
How hard is it to remove a European-style rear-wheel ring lock?
How much light is enough for year round commuting?
What should downhill technical stance look like?
How suitable is a Dahon folding bike for Indian road conditions?
sram cx1 without the sram cx1 crankset?
Would "fat" tires help me learn skinnies/log rides?
Can I use my standard quick-release rear hub with a frame with 142x12mm rear end?
My back wheel isn't connected to the gears
Campagnolo drivetrain compatibility and noise
Adding Brake Caliper Cable Tension SRAM Rival
Medium size cargo solution for road-bike for commuting
Cyclocross touring, studs for SPD shoes?
Who else makes H-bar Loop Handlebars?
What is this pumping nozzle called?
Why are brake lights not common?
What are the strengths, weaknesses and/or recommendations for a BLB Mosquito Saddle?
Is an old mtb with replaced gear safe to buy?
Suspension seat post is loose
Tips for winter maintenance?
Right crank (Drive side) on the left?
New Shimano m615 rear caliper fails and stops biting the rotor after 30 seconds of extreme downhill
Does a high MTB seat post risk frame breaking
What type of terrain makes an MTB mandatory?
Disc brakes on leader doberman which has no tabs and adaptors
How long should brake pads last?
Bottom bracket bearings grinding only when installed into frame
What brand is this vintage bicycle?
Do "trailer bikes" help kids learn to ride a bike on their own?
Saddles and Bent Metal Rails
What could cause the bicycle chain to break?
Inflating airspring fork with Topeak products
Can you use an Alfine 8-speed "disc" hub with a non-disc wheel?
How to build surge brakes on bike trailer?
Is running 46t front chain ring with an 11t on the back such a huge disadvantage for flat cat 4 crits?
Why am I not seeing improvement in my bike split time?
Adjustment to road bike brakes for high grade downhill
Choosing a handlebar width
Guidelines for building a road bike
What frame is this?
Which usually wears faster - wheel rims or brake blocks?
Should a saddle hurt?
I am 6ft and riding a firefox kompac. My speed never crosses 18kmph
What (kind of?) brake lever is this?
Is the Specialized Sectour Double 2014 a men's bike. Can a women ride a men's bike?
Can I fit 3 x9 speed crankset to 3 x 8 speed cartridge
Biking in the winter more difficult?
Giant TCR SLR2 2015 vs Giant Defy Composite 2 2013
Safest position to ride on roads with cars
how to find wheel brand
27 1 3/8 tires on 27 1 1/4 rims
is a 29er a good fit for a 5'9 height?
Recessed brake pivot nut stuck in carbon fork
Detailed resources for planning backcountry/primitive tours?
How to measure the size of a suitable tire for my bike?
How to check for aged/deteriorated weel rims
Croozer bike trailer optimalisation for less tire detoriation
Continuing to use damaged cones in rear hub?
Why do we need front brakes?
How to protect underneath the frame?
What Turbo Tyre On CX Bike
Can a 10 speed rear derailleur be modified for 9 speed and then modified again to a 10 speed deraileur?
Freewheel: 8-speed to replace 6-speed
What is the correct frame size for me?
Why is a tandem harder to ride uphill than a single rider bike?
What width tires will fit on a 1999 Trek Postal?
Is there a way to convert the Park PCS-12 to PCS-10?
My crankset stops the pedals from turning when I tighten it onto the bottom bracket
Are there any reasons why you would avoid going disc (other than cost) for racing cyclo cross?
Are these SIS Mountain/City Bike Derailleurs compatible with drop-bar shifting?
Can you use a 9 / 10 speed chainring with an 8 speed chain?
Are single-sided forks a gimmick?
How to guesstimate correct tire pressure in the winter?
Use Raspberry Pi (and C#) in a bicycles
Shimano A520 SPD Touring Pedals cant clip out :-(
Is there any rule of thumb for comparing lights rated in lux and lumens?
Do I need to use the QR Skewer that came with my trainer? What sort of lubricant do I need to use?
Can I put the speedometer sensor for my cycle computer on my rear brake line?
Internally geared hub on a 20 inch wheel
Is a garmin oregon series GPS useful as a bike computer for navigation and ride tracking?
The bike Weight and Performance gain for Lightweight riders?
Are fatbikes capable riding in mud?
Replacement dropouts with derailleur hanger for Kona Unit
Replace solid axle with quick release on Fixed Gear
Is it safe to mount fender stays and disc brakes on the same bolt?
What features make a good fitness tracker for cyclists?
What bike/helmet camera resolution is needed in order to read licence plates?
Why would the tension screw on a Brooks saddle have unscrewed to zero? What negative effects?
Gmc Denali - good bike on a 200 budget?
Are there special concerns traveling by plane carrying Air shocks?
Optimal beginner training
Burping v/s bleeding hydraulic disc brakes: is it safe?
Pedaling in Rear Wheel design
Centermounted kickstand on touring cyclocross
Are road bike seats interchangeable?
Removing spray paint to reveal frame's factory paint job
Should one buy a used Brooks saddle that is already broken in?
Which direction should QR lever point?
Matching color bar tape to replace dirty white tape?
Excited Beginner?
The spring in my front dérailleur is jammed
Tyre bulge when inflated, new
Resources for suspension setup and tuning?
Can you identify this Cateye HR Sensor E product model?
Don't know spindle size?
Torn. Want to support LBS but they don't carry what I really want
Is the same effort required to maintain a set speed using different sized chainring / cog combinations with same ratio
My bike Crank is making noise like Tuk, Tuk... once or twice when I pedal hard
Why are wheels so important for racing?
Is it possible to get a slow leak straight after installing new tires?
What are the 'parts' to a mechanical disc brake set?
Most Efficient Way to tune rear gears of mountain bike
Cyclocross bike as fast as a roadbike?
Wheel Wobbles and Rubs on Brand New Bike?
Saddle getting in place when cornering on MTB - what to do?
Essential regular things to do
Can I combine different wheel sizes in one mtb?
Comfort bike brakes
Is this hub shot?
Fluid trainer for an intermediate rider
Is there a possibility to mount a 2014/2015 Croozer Cargo trailer hitch onto a 2012/2013 model?
What does the chainring have to do with SRAM YAW
How to decelerate effectively with a rear brake?
Are road brakes designed not to brake too much?
Who has information on this Fondriest Bike we found? Any good?
Which is the safest side to place a foldable rack-attaching bike basket?
7 to 11 cassette upgrade or new bike
How to clean and brighten reflective wall tires
Has anyone else had problems with a Stages power meter at high cadence?
First time commuter needs advice
What type chain lube should you use in a sand and salt water enviroment?
Protective Gloves for bmx / trials
Is the XTR Di2 battery compatible with Ultegra Di2?
Optimal Intensity training ratios
Unicycling for over 60s
Can I use Kerosene for lubing the cogs and the chain
Coping with crash fear?
How does weight and strength of a person effects the riding of bicycle at higher speeds?
How can I identify if my 'Cinelli' frame is real & what model it is?
With a garmin edge touring can I just ride or do I have to do a route?
Carbon fork torque
Gear step sizes between Shimano Nexus 8 and Alfine 8 compatible
Advice on Folding Bicycle
Is there a way to keep rim brakes from freezing up?
My rear rim is worn off by braking
Road wheel conversion to single speed wheel
I have a 2013 Diamondback Podium 3. Is it possible to use it as a touring bike?
How do I know what is the right bottom bracket for my old road bike?
Can I use a mountain bike to go bike touring?
What are the technical differences between a bike for off-road touring and a mountain bike?
Trailer connection, off the shelf parts and proven performer
Where should I sell old bike parts?
Stationary bike calories
What should I plan for on a sea-to-summit ride on Mauna Kea, Hawaii?
What is neuromuscular endurance in the world of bicycling?
Converting an octalink bottom bracket and crankset to a fsa bottom bracket and compact crankset 9 speed
What is the men's version of Trek Lexa SLX
How to carry a MTB on one's backpack?
Axle to wheel bore ratio?
Light for Tubus rear rack
Shimano Sora 9-speed shifters "missing a speed"
Cartridge hubs vs loose-ball hubs
Which are better for reproducible power output: Mag- or Fluid-trainers?
Brake levers for Dia Compe centre pull brakes
Specialty Panniers
What Type of Brake Pads Should I Look For?
Bike computer wheel size setup
Cable Stop For Internal Cable Routing
best ride to burn tummy fat
SLX chainring compatibility
Chain is choking and pedals fly forwards when going up hill or standing on the bike pedals
Why does my front derailleur not work when it is cold?
why has my fox rear shocks adjusting lever popped out?
How does a bicycle tyre and wheel affect its performace and speed?
Why so many headset spacers on some expedition bicycles?
Tall man's bike - which manufacturers?
Can tubes be used in tubeless rims as well as tires?
Size question. Performance v Comfort
Is there a guide available for determining pedal/cleat combinations?
Crank threads stripped - both pedals fell off
Building an Entry Level MTB. How should I choose suspension forks?
Kona Mahuna 2013 headset change question.
How to find compatible cranks?
What rear shock will fit my Scott spark 2009?
Make rim braking efficient
What sort of bike will suit both offroading and onroading
Do you change from cycling clothes when out and about
Brake cable shaking at the end of the brake caliper
Correct wheel size for a vintage Peugot
Crank type for an old peugot
Shimano 105 rear shifting issues
Is it necessary to buy a special tool to open the chain lock
Flat pedal road bike shoes
Gravel road bike fit
Do I need to use thread locker or spoke prep when building wheels if spokes come pre-treated?
What do I do if my bike won't pump with an air pump at all?
2mm clearance between the chainstay and the rear tire
base training with or without added energy?
New bike hubs way over-tightened?
Is it ethical to use an abandoned bicycle in my parking garage?
Hubs compatible with 7 speed cassette
Which standalone head units would work with Tacx i.Flow T2270?
9sp/10sp compatibility in Shimano SLX drivetrains
Rigid fork replacement for Rock Shox Bluto fat bike suspension fork?
Indoor bicycle tray to preclude the rug from getting wet
How can we calculate the efficiency of the Siva Cycle Atom generator?
SRAM Rival brake caliper screws/bolts are rusty, how to replace?
Are tubeless mountain bike tire systems appropriate for winter riding?
What is the meaning of 11-32 cassette and 12-25 cassette?
How to prevent shifting issues due to derailleur or cables freezing in cold weather
Removing key from kryptonite lock
Which winter road cycling shoes are rated for sub-15° F weather?
How do you tighten Shimano disc brakes?
How important is centring dual-pivot brakes?
Uphills and downhills vs a flat
Which freewheel remover tool to use on vintage Columbia bike?
How long between spoke adjustments on a mountain bike?
How long does it take to be ready for a multi day ride as a newbie?
Possible Broken Shifter
Cyclocross for road bike type of routes - Increased risk of INJURY?
Safe steerer spacers stack height
Best bike with foot brake
Problem with inside of shoe clipping crank arm
No non-sus 29er mtbs?
Old STI 105 shift lever fell off
Is there a way to remove the dent/bend?
Linseed oil application to the inside of a steel frame
24t or 26t granny gear?
Brakes feel like they are not even there on my used road bike. How can I fix it?
I am hauling my bike a couple of thousand miles
why change gear and brake cables?
Why can't I ride my city type (folding) bike uphill?
Is my VIS 180 the 50 Lumen or 70 Lumen Version?
Can you change gear on your front dérailleur during a cyclo cross race?
Is it important to have a road bike shoes and pedals or it won't make a difference?
Hub sticking - friction
SRAM double tap road shifters, MTB derailleurs?
Is there more than one type of tapered steerer?
Converting my old mountain bike to a cyclocross
What does "SRAM Custom" (front derailleur) mean?
Wear and tear and warranty
What to do with the white plastic tube in Dahon city vybe c7a?
Overmountain bike to downhill bike
What are the rim size options for fat bikes?
Campagnolo crank spider inter-compatibility between 'standard' and 'compact' chainrings
My back brakes don't lock the wheel (skid): feature or a bug?
Disc brakes better for rainy days?
What does chain worn indicators 75% mean?
Is there a difference between the durability of the chains with 1/8 and 3/32 inch?
How to board a ski chairlift that is not intended for bicycles?
What is the cause of "speed wobbles"?
What is the length of the Hope XC internal spacer from freehub to bearing?
full fenders on a track bike
How can I tell if I can add a front brake to my cruiser?
Trek Aluminium Grade Comparison
How do I make my frame water tight?
Fatbike tire footprints?
Back wheel cannot turn.
Repair or Upgrade Centrepull Brakes?
Garmin edge 510
Food for 400+km ride? (in single session)
Can I cut down a quick release skewer?
Fox Float CTD Evolution vs Fox Float CTD Performance
Incorrect number of clicks on SRAM MRX gear shifter
How do I remove old hockey tape from drop bars
Q-factor of external bearing BBs
Schwalbe Marathon Plus recurring puncture - options?
What fork will fit my bike?
What size is the tiny ball bearing used in SRAM brake caliper quick release detents?
Brake pads and removing the wheels
Bike lights with beam cut-off to avoid dazzling drivers?
Hamstring pain while cycling
Why is this guy blocking the rear wheel?
Bosch Nyon and W-LAN
Bosch Nyon computer -- syncs but no activities are transferred
What bike to get:
Disk brake wheels - multiple wheelsets
Is it safe to ride a steel bike with a dented/buckled frame?
Seating of spikes / studded tires
Can I install caliper or cantilever brakes on a frame and set of wheels designed for disc brakes?
Unlock cleat from clipless pedal
What to consider when looking for a chainguard?
How to align a chain on a single speed
How to thank motorists?
Would a person standing on the top tube damage a carbon fibre road bike?
Installing new threadless headset: how to set the crown ring and its rubber ring?
Do I really need a magic link or can I just replace the pin on my chain?
Bicycles riding in pedestrian crosswalks -- Houston
How can I avoid mud from splashing onto my back without a rear wheel fender?
Clicking noise coming from cog on fixed gear
What type of shoes should I get with regular pedals
Is it possible to add speeds to single-speed bike?
Replacing Tiagra 9-speed shifter with 9-speed 105 or Sora shifters
Can you tell me what the name of this bike is?
Shimano PD-6800 vs PD-9000 pedals
What powder is used inside an inner tube?
Is my bike getting ruined?
Material to make patches to fix Crosso / Ortlieb style waterproof panniers?
Can I use a 1" stem on a 1 & 1/8" steer tube?
Older XTR cranks - replace or adapt?
What are the negative consequences of not bedding in disc brakes?
Wheel size for heavier rider, larger vs smaller
Is This Bike Worth 7K
I have a broken my drive side crankarm - what do I need to do?
What can I do about a cracked frame?
Is 11- 34 rear cassette necessary?
Back pain when cycling up hills
How to seamlessly upload to Strava after a ride using a Garmin Edge 500?
What are those washers for?
Will 40km E-Bike trip in Texel Island(Holland) be hard for untrained people?
Scott Mountain bike. Problem with pedaling
why are my disc brakes shuddering
Would a quality derailleur improve a cheap bike
Is it possible/worth it to replace just shifters and derailleurs on an older MTB?
Are replacement MTB tire studs compatible between brands
Changing cassette from 8 to 10 or 11 to meet the Shimano 105 5800 groupset
New bike advice - Singlespeed/fixed, mountain, or road
Pulsating feedback on brake levers
Shimano Nexus 3 stuck on lowest gear
Special hub requirements for an 11-speed group
Can I use 25.4mm bullhorn brakes on a 26mm handlebar?
Are flip saddle posts available
Is it possible to tune a hub gear?
Bike is slightly too large, shorten the stem?
What does usually worn first, the chain or the cog?
What to prepare for a long distance ride (1600km)
What first bike to buy?
Should I be able to 'manually' rotate the headset?
New road bike comes with cryptic tag on the brake/shift lever
Using a Cateye Strada Smart and Strava
Does there exist optimal damping setting for all terrains?
Road bike frame for offroad/cx wheels
How do I find a compatible replacement for my rear derailleur?
Is it safe to use painted unmachine rims with rim brakes?
What is the most secure bike rack for long distance travel?
Front tire skidding, resulted in a crash, any advice?
Is the Park Tool Allen Wrench going to strip out bolts?
Why no wheels with rope instead of spokes?
Winter deraillers
What is the impact of a buckled wheel?
What make and model is this MTB with no decal (pictured)?
Road Front Derailleur / Shifter Tuning
my Bike Make & Model
Is it legal to ride on sidewalks in Georgia?
San Francisco Bay Trail: current map of completed/proposed routes
Gears, distance, cadence = Speed
Which gears not to use in a 2 X 9 gear bike
What kind of Huffy is it?
Could I bike 9 mile a day home from work starting with no current exercise?
Weight saving between Sora and 105
Front wheel requires weight for traction: is this applicable to icy conditions?
Hydraulic disk brakes starts braking after pulling the half of the lever, how can I solve this problem with the brakes?
Retrofit lockout for a suspension fork?
Best Gear Shifters
Clothing: when should we wear what, are there any guidelines/conventions?
Can a 7 speed Derailleur work on a 8 speed cassette
I sit real far back on my saddle
When truing a wheel, is it enough to only use a tension meter, and not a truing stand?
3 flats in 650 miles (1030 km) on hybrid bike. Tire pressure wrong?
Disadvantage of Hybrid Bikes on Mountains
SRAM xx1 1 x 11 drive train very noisy
Help for wind noise
What is the purpose of this small block on the handlebar?
How to remove existing fluid before bleeding disk brake
Cone size for Shimano Type D on Schwinn Cruiser
Replacement crankset for Shimano SG B 52/39?
What does this rod inside the my american classic seat post do?
I don't know what it is
Torque for front caliper bolt.
Specialized Rock Hopper (1987) - Service
Can't shift to gear one or two
Having the fork blades aligned
Adding front derailleur vs upgrading the rear one on a (ladies) bicycle
Air Pressure on wheels
9x4 spoke pattern
Broken Key/Lock
Mongoose stamped vs. unstamped
Upgrading From Shimano 8 Sp Alivio To Shimano 9 Sp Altus
How are these plastic rings used on my Shimano disk brake mount adapter?
Preventing red eyes after biking
Face gets extremely red when biking in the cold ~5c, and then going indoors, due to temperature change maybe
Lots of chain slack... Time for a new chain? Bad derailluer?
Can I convert my velocity 9-speed rear road hub to bolt-on?
What kind of brake pads for Dia Compe centre pull brakes
How durable are the lights on a Vanmoof?
Which bottom bracket do I need to replace crank on a Trek FX 7.1?
Will electric heaters degrade bicycle tires?
Does a Sturmey Archer 2 speed kick shift hub let you backpedal?
Is BMC PRO MACHINE SLC01 2009 compatible with Ultegra Di2?
Converting from square spline to external bearings, what do I need to know?
Tyre size and Turbo Trainers
What is the cause of earlier rear wheel lock-ups in the wet?
Front wheel Fork is having scratches and Oil is getting leaked from it?
Rear derailleur cable housing length
Why are chains sold in fixed lengths rather than by the meter?
Why is my electric bike 'clanking' under load?
What is the deal with the new weird Gazelle chain case design?
How to increase range of disc brake pistons?
Why bother changing a chain?
Fixie chain stuck between cog and hub
Lactate feeling
Can't shift front gear, despite loosening, tightening, etc. What could be wrong?
Using PTFE spray on rear derailleur springs
Can any MTB rear derailleur be mounted to a Scott type 1 MTB derailleur hanger?
How much assembly is required when an LBS orders a bike?
How to avoid getting swindled when buying used cranks?
What is the handlebar size for an old road bike?
Upgrading a heavy duty bike
What to look for in a good entry-level CX bike?
Steel rims responsible for slicing tubes?
After fall bicycle feels really slippery
Inner tube popped on back side of the valve - why?
Size advice needed for Revolution Country Traveller touring bike
Carbon Wheel Heat Bending
Creaky crank problem: Campag 11sp Athena crankset (Ultra torque)
Rebound doesn't work on a Rock Shox Recon Air
Replacing Sora crankarm
Shifter Options for 105 3x9 upgrade
Can i fit a 6 speed wheel onto a 5 speed bike?
Getting local businesses to install bicycle parking
What kind of bottom bracket fixing is this?
What would be the best gearing for mountain climbing?
Merida Matts TFS 600 original chain lube
a carbon rim cost only $169 is real carbon?
Shifting 1>2 does nothing, shifting 2>3 puts me into 2nd. What's wrong?
replacing tires and tubes
Slotted cleats for SPD shoes
How to replace a wheel Spoke
What to look for when buying cyclo-cross or road bike under 600eu/650usd?
long distance touring: is high tensile steel silly?
When I put my bike on the repair stand and turn the pedal, is the rear wheel supposed to spin freely
Where should I install the kickstand?
How do I fix U brakes?
Restoring a 16"
Water inside bike frame
Which dual-platform clipless pedals allow for the least amount of movement between the pedal and sneaker
How to tell if a new pair of brake calipers will fit my wheel, tire, and frame?
inferior/weaker rims vs superior/stronger rims with an underweight cyclist
Upgrading Brakes
How to calculate rigid fork replacement for suspension one?
How to find correct size inner tube
Will an 11-speed SRAM shifter work on an Alfine 11?
Pedals won't turn while riding
Saracen Tenet 2 suitable for long distance
Super tight brakes don't work
How to convert a commuter CX bike to an Electric bike?
Why should I prioritize top tube length over stand over height on a CX bike?
9-speed system to 11-speed drivetrain upgrade?
Persistent front wheel squealing: Replace the fork? Switch to disk?
How to adjust cable length on integrated brake/shift levers, when there is no barrel adjuster?
How to evaluate used bicycle price?
Pressure mapping a Brooks saddle
How to build good jumps?
Can shimano di2 be programmed to be automatically readjust shifting for different hub/wheel types?
Barn Bicycle Find Information appreciated
Is my cassette or chain worn out?
Cannot reach the bearing adjustment nut on rear wheel
When is a wheel considered true?
Is it possible to shorten a chain?
How to use SKS multivalve adapter with dunlop valve?
Is it possible to use a two or three chainring with an internal hub?
Foot Tingling with Clipless Pedals
Need Connector for Motor - I don't want to buy 50
Adjusting Shimano STI Brakes
Tube puncture over spoke, but rim tape fine
Shimano XT with Campag Centaur crank?
Replacing my chain
New to bicycles; Bad setup, bad bike, or too heavy?
Is reverse pedaling good for smooth gear change?
Swapping a road bike frame for a bigger one?
guide to correctly assemble a Walmart bike
Can I straighten bent rims between two flat surfaces?
Tour de France RV/Campervan parking policy
Disc Rotor Alignment Mavic Crosstrail
What's the best way to fix carbon to titanium?
Pain in the toes while cycling using clipless shoes
Does climbing put extra stress on the chain, making it stretch out faster / higher break risk?
Help to identify this bicycle, please
Is there any reason I can't convert a 36/46 to a 36/52 chainring?
Sun Tour Cyclone brake levers and brake cable housing
Bought new chain. Do I have to remove links?
Goofy bike lane configuration right-of-way
Will disc brakes aggravate the problem with spokes pulling through the rim?
Is it fine to clean bearings with gasoline?
New Rear Wheel goes out of true
Compare optimal seated riding postions for different "fields" in mountain biking
How to reset pistons after replacing brake pads
wheel bearing pre load
MTB 9 speed sram shifters/rear deralier, shimano 9 speed cassette (HG?) only shifts to 8 cogs
I have a Schwinn Tempo which has a 6 speed freewheel
Will short arm crank conversion work for me?
Shimano gear cable adjuster barrel replacement
Unbending Derailleur hanger
How to fix gears on a Kilimanjaro bike
QR vs solid axle for freewheel hub
Eco friendly Bike cleaning
What are the good ways to maintain the bicycle while raining season?
Attack position
Peer pressure in road cycling
Will I break my Dahon Mu Uno?
Wheels keep getting buckled
How difficult is the switch from flat to drop bar?
Is threadless a noticeable difference from threaded headset setups?
Refurbishing mountain bike - left standing for couple of years
Giant Cypress Upgrade
From Delft to Rotterdam - Hard?
What kind of portable pump should I carry when riding on a fat bike?
Visual inspection of wheel hub
Pain on pinky toe joint from cleat setup?
What variables are considered when determining wheel size and how do they affect these variables?
Remove paint from the head tube
How to remove a stuck seatpost?
Convenient bike-security measures for rural, small-town, and remote-touring environments
How to work around a high seatpost?
Replace chain at 0.5% wear, or 0.75% wear?
What do you wish you knew you before you bought your first nice bike?
Trying to figure out the Brand/Make of this bicycle?
Do I need to chase a thread before installing a bottom bracket on a new frame?
DIY: what material to use as DIY shim seat post?
Is it possible to remove wheel without loosening the (V) brakes
What is "crank preload"
Can there be a stack exchange for casual, rural bike riding and remote touring free of the fanaticism of professional bike riders?
Force open a U-lock
Pull Inexperienced Tandem Stoker?
Exposed cord on bike tire - replace?
bike grease got on my wall. best way to get it off?
A gap in the hole when inserting JIS square BB to a Truvativ Crank
unknown make model and year
How to fix a sluggish bike?
How to remove spoke twist
Shimano XT-Alivio compatibility
Changing to rigid fork on C-dale Killer V 900 w 1.5
needing new front suspension
How Can A Faster Rider Aid A Slower Rider On A Long Ride?
How do I know I should replace the chain?
Is the plastic piece between the seven gear sprocket and the spokes hard to replace, and how?
Fat tire vs regular mountain bike in mud
Bumpy ride. Is it the casing or the inner tube?
Does riding a cyclo cross bike carry a large aerodynamic penalty when compared to a road bike?
1st road bike; wary of no-name parts?
Over-tightening a BB
Shimano Sport Camera ANT+ Software
Can I use a SRAM Powerlink on a Shimano chain
replacing a Trek 4300 bottom bracket with a new one
Recovering COnfidence after bike fall
Chain Line - Front Coming Off
Kurt Kinetic Trainer hard to release, should I grease?
How does increased upper-body strength affect riding, and which muscles make the biggest difference?
Replacing mountain bike bars & stem with drop bars
Are all side-pull road bicycle brakes compatible?
Why are spoke nipples called nipples?
Rear disc brake question
Spoke puncturing my tube, can I cut it?
how much of a difference does bike weight make when trying to maximize the bike's top speed?
Tire direction on Miami Sun tricycle
Mongoose Right Bike Gears shifting up magically
2 size bearings for hub which side of hub gets the bigger or smaller bearings?
Technical documentation for Shimano FC-M510
Frame not faced for BB. Strip the paint or leave as-is?
How to fit BB bearings to install Ultegra Crank on road bike Wilier Cento 1
How to align rear v brakes
What does this piece do that came with my disc brake?
Geometry measurement, from where to where
Shimano revoshift 7 speed use
Trouble Removing bottom bracket. Is it my Tool?
fixie brake lever
How to repaint a Carbon bike frame?
Is a 29.5 km/h average speed decent for a 90 km ride (on road) with an elevation of 1200 m?
Rear derailleur shifts all gears at once
new MTB creacking on hard pedaling
Are rusty disc brake pads a worry?
creaky sound when cranking
former weightlifter turned triathlete repeatedly breaking hanger
What are the differences between road rims/wheels and hybrid?
Chain with master link / quick connect link doesn't clear rear derailleur
can you use a cycle path to bypass red lights?
Repairing a damaged cone nut
Pedals hits the ground too often while turning at relatively high speed
Cadence and speed monitor on rear wheel?
Can having a valve too short cause punctures?
Replacing old brake blocks with modern pads
Mtb weld repair Al frame
Does this bike count as antique?
Does my fixie need a chain tensioner
What causes frames to break at the (rear) dropouts?
Beginner bicyclist question about purchasing a new road bike
How to "shop" for bikes via mail order
Help altering old Marin MTB to an In-town pavement cruiser?
Help me setup my bike to my weird size?
How do I tell the difference between bike brands
Can an untrue wheel cause up down jerks?
Children's bike problem with back wheel
Can Lezyne Stainless-12 chain tool handle be used as tire lever?
Relatively new tube exploded by itself without any external force
Recommended Tire pressure
Can anyone identify this freewheel type?
Does a carbon frame need two-bolt seat clamp?
Shimano Hollowtech II bottom bracket: milling the frame necessary?
Headset fully tightened, but fork still loose and wobbly
Campagnolo 1973 strata cranks(BMX) help
How do I determine what kind of replacement shifters I need?
Is this a clipless pedal?
Can a Sora 9 speed rear derailleur short cage support a 12-36 cassette single chain ring 56T?
Crank fell off square taper BB. Should I replace bottom bracket
Peugeot 24" road bike classification
Saddlebag Laptop advice
Is the bike i'm using right for Mountain Biking?
Cycling too Fast
Road bike assembly - required tools
How to check if the gear shifter or the gear itself is broken?
Road positioning when stopping at an intersection with stationary traffic
Where does aero wheels noise come from?
Should I switch to a 13-23T or 12-25T cassette?
Kashima coat or not?
Can you brake and operate gears at the same time with MTB Dual Control levers?
inner tube to fit in a 26 X 1.5 bicycle tire
Do I have to stop pedaling when shifting up the front chainring?
recommended clothing for compromise betwee office and and biking home on a race bike?
Which clothing brands are most suitable for very tall men?
Why is the tube too long?
Can I change from short to long derailleur to increase cog size
Does anybody use an under the saddle bag for touring? (Not Pannier Bags)
Hydraulic disc brakes - total friction as a function of rotor size
What's causing this puncture?
Sourcing wheels for hybrid bike
When did Ultegra shift from 9 to 10 speed rear cassettes?
Modify geared hub to fit a 110mm frame
Reason for handlebar diameter
Do Shimano disc brakes need post mount spacers?
Does anyone know who made the part that attaches the shifter to the bar?
Right fork mounting point
Is anyone aware of specific problems with Vanmoof cranks/bottom brackets?
Is it practical to wear motorcycle half helmet for road cycling?
Finding a replacement crankset (and maybe a bb to go with)
How to minimize damage from pitted cones?
Are road caliper brakes usually compatible with any model of lever/STI shifter?
Hollowtech 2 cranks and bb how good they are?
Want a snappy scrambler for stumptown
Front wheel compatibility
Shimano FC-M521 middle chainring replacement
Rotors bent very slightly but no rubbing. Is driving safe?
Pedal snaps at every rotation
Bike Shorts, Do you wear things under/over them?
Buying a new wheelset online: Do they come ride-ready?
Garminn GSc10 reset problem
Bike chain worn to 1% according to indicator tool
Did I buy the right mountain bike?
How can I store my extra wheels on the wall efficiently, without hanging them by the rim?
Is Ultegra 9 speed compatible with Sora 9 speed?
Wheel builder London?
Cyclo-cross versus Cross bike
How do I pack a road wheel for shipping?
Pre-load of suspension forks on one side only
How should I fix my Ortlieb Rack Pack (medium, 31 litres) to my rear panniers?
Differential foot stress?
Is rotating seat post 180 degrees to get a tri position a good idea?
Pieces of plastic that came with my bike, what are these?
should my left shifter be clicking more than twice
Disable index shifting to create friction shifting possible?
Suggested maintenance for rear shock between service intervals?
information about tubes?
new chain skipping
Bottom Bracket Press fit to a square taper
Best setup for lightweight cycle touring with Ti road bike
Chain wedging itself between cassette and gaurd
Campagnolo Crank Compatibility 11 speed crank to 9 speed chain/deraillieur/shifters
Suspension not bouncy raleigh activator 2
Corroded brake levers
Do new hubs need to be adjusted prior to use
Cuyuna Lakes, MN Camping?
Lycra and hybrid bicycle
Tyre replacement for Rockrider 300
Post race analysis of performance
What's the difference between Fulcrum Racing 3 and Fulcrum Racing S3?
Sourcing Shimano Di2 6770 Parts
Should the hands be used for absorbing the impact after a jump?
Saddle for big guy
Praxis Bottom Bracket Performance on BB30 Frame
bike keyhole broken
Scott S30 road bike 11speed with 10 speed compatibility
What's wrong with my tire?
Backpack advice?
If many bottom-outs are happening, should air pressure or compression damping be increased?
ask about size and how to solve it
Upgrading a Specialized Sirrus 2015?
Is my six-year old touring bike worth repairing?
Best way to mount a big backpack to rack?
Bicycle saddles
Bike commuting on the Captial Crescent Trail in Washington DC
how to use "smart valve" pumps?
Road Bike Tire Throwing Rocks
average cycling speed 12km/h
How accurate is the 'calories burned' figure on my GPS device?
Best kind of bicycle for lower back issues?
Tyre suddenly gets tilted
Would rim brakes help a slightly bent rim?
Replacing my bottom bracket. I need help IDing a replacement
Rear cassette 'ticking' forward, making chain catch, what is the problem and how do I solve it?
Weird gyro effect while riding
Do pedal-driven bicycles exist that can handle highway commutes?
How did this happen to my chainring?
what power did alex dowsett put out during his hour record?
Does anyone know of a machinist who could convert a dual ring Campy Nuovo Record chainset ('spider') to accept a 3rd chainring?
Seat post tightening
What accommodations might be made for riding a frame 4'' too large?
Is having a disc brake on a single speed bicycle a bad idea?
Could someone help me identify this bike?
cable too short to reattach into a sturmey archer 3 speed shifter
How to prevent accidental unclipping while cornering?
Single speed conversion kit
Can I fit v brakes on 2003 Marzocchi MX Pro Suspension Forks
Locking a vehicle bicycle rack
"Footprint" of the Park Tool PCS 9 stand
How similar are saddles made by the same company?
I have a trekking bike. Should I buy a road bike to train for a race?
Do Carbon Wheels Stay True Longer Than Aluminum Wheels?
Help me understand bottom brackets and cranks
Calorie burn information is dramatically different between Strava IOS App and Cyclemeter IOS app. Which is more accurate?
Do I need to replace 10 speed chain if using a bigger cluster, also 10 speed?
How to polish carbon frames?
How much pressure can mountain bike tires take?
Shimano Hydraulic disc brakes- Lever compatibility
Which knee / shin pads for XC mountain bike riding?
What other parts might need replacing if I replace an old freewheel gear set for a modern freehub cassette?
Can I change my 28" wheels for 24"?
Can I carry my folding bike by using the rack as a handle?
Grocery Shopping by bike, expanding my cargo options cheaply
Repeated rear flat on a Trek 4300 started this season only!
Do mechanical disc brakes suffer from heat-induced fade?
Still confused about clipless, walkable shoes and dual-purpose pedals
Tyres for puncture resistance for mountain biking on rocky dry terrain (folding & lightweight)
How do I choose which kind of shorts to wear for mountain biking?
First Road Bike - Some Options and Issues
Identify my Motobécane racing bike
Mounting a dynamo headlight to a front rack
What type of bike should I get?
Will a white painted bike get rusty when stored outside?
Alternative to 1" threaded low profile headset?
Damaged (bent) fork dropout - what are my options?
Choosing chainring configuration
The crank arm slips when pressing hard on pedals with Shimano Nexus
Different tension on one spoke
Panniers stuck in tire spokes!
What will be the effect of nitrogen if it filled in two wheelers tube?
Endomondo/Strava +iPhone6 +altimeter
What is the max weight a standard bycycle would take?
to install disc brake
Bike Frame Brand and Model?
Punctured fork seal
Is the 9-speed Sora crankset compatible with 105 11-speed chain?
Columba folder w/mountain 10sp cassette & Sram X7 derailleur
How does pedaling power transfer to the bearings in Hollowtech II bottom bracket?
Just bought 30 huffys cranbrooks for a bike rental business. WHAT PROBLEMS SHOULD I BE PREPARING FOR
Chain slipping in cassette when under load, could a different type of cassette work better?
Can my bike do enduro/AM racing?
Is it possible to upgrade Schwinn Willy to use an internal gear hub?
When do I know the drum brake is at the end of life and needs replacement?
Difference between grease
How to prevent spiders from making webs on my bike?
Training involved to ride 175 miles (281 km) in a day
How can I stop my toes from going numb on long rides?
Forearm pain during and after cycling
Can I use 11 speed chainrings with 9 speed chain?
My calf catches my derailleur when I pedal
Cord showing near bead
Cyclocross Bike On the Road
What effect does seat tube angle have?
App to find the shortest route with the least amount of climbs?
Steering Retrospec Speck 20"
Vandalized top tube
Can you remove the chain missing link too often?
I got glow-in-the-dark tape. Where do I place it?
Marin MTB eldridge Grade
Can I use a road bike for commuting 11 miles each way without SPANDEX
Shifter cable running beneath the bottom bracket without a sheath
Has anyone ever used the Spiderflex seat on a roadbike?
wide rims/narrow tyres danger?
Tyre pressures and Pumps
Are out of date energy gels bad for you?
Stainless steel bolts for brake calipers
How come my bike has such a short seat post?
cold setting 3-speed road frame to 7 8 speed cassette
Other than spoke count, is there a strength ratings for wheels?
Bike Cleaning Help
Importance of "H.E." rim designation on MTB to tire fitment?
Can't find right headset adjustment
How do I know my frame can take a compact crank set?
Suspension leakage
Rear derailleur hitting chainstay (video in the post)
Front suspension seized - what can I do
Fork stays in compressed position while locked
Attaching kid trailer to rear triangle
How do I tune up the shifters/derailleurs on my mountain bike?
How can I learn to take care of an old (70s era) road bike/get it back to working condition?
Can I use "normal" shoes/trainers with clipless pedals?
Have Ritchey Logic cleats changed in 15 years?
What is the benefit of Shimano Click'R technology?
Best bike routes in Brooklyn
what kind of grease to use on front shocks
Tips for adjusting Shimano M355 hydraulic brakes
Why so few mountain bikers with spandex?
What is the hydraulic brakes expected life?
How to select double leg kickstand
Guidelines for building tape delimited MTB courses
How to turn right in Japan
What is a power meter and why do I need one?
Why should you not just buy the chain with more links?
Alex CXD6 Wheelset Clincher or tubular?
How do I adjust my rear coil suspension?
SRAM compatible 11 speed 12-25 cassette?
Help on calculating spoke length
Wheel building for n360 + disc brakes on H Plus Son 700c, 36h
Does anyone recognize this titanium frame?
Feet slip off flat/cleat hybrid pedals when it's wet
Bike pump: what is this lump?
Rear disc calliper won't fit, disc mount bent?
How do self-sealing inner tubes work?
Why are riders allowed to draft behind cars in Grand Tours?
Missing valve part from Marzocchi MX Pro 2003- how does it work?
Shimano 105 10 and 11 speed compatibility
Cross-Bike for my size / weight
"Le vélo de Tati” - Jacques Tati by Robert Doisneau
Are these steel rims safe?
Steel vs Aluminum Spokes and Rims
Has anyone ever tried to estimate peter sagans ftp and 5 sprint power, if so what would they look like?
Pros and cons of single-sided forks (Cannondale Lefty)?
Beginner trails near Manchester UK
Peugeot rear brake location
French handlebar fit
Security wheel skewers for front facing horizontal dropouts
Every time I move my handle bar left or right the wheel turns in different direction
Inner elbow/bicep tendon pain from drop bars?
How do internal hubs work
1996 Mongoose size 19" Crossway 650 replacement size inner tube
Help for a 169 mile bike ride
What bottom bracket do I need for a decathlon rockrider 5.0
Removing and reseating front wheel makes disc brakes rub
Do 16g CO2 cartridges have a shelf life?
Need help choosing rims for fixed gear
Any small bags that mount to seat post?
BB92 (Shimano bottom bracket) with SRAM 30mm crankshaft (X01 or XX1 BB30)?
Why does my Rear bike tire slow down when Pedaling?
What is this tool for?
Rounding spoke length calculator results
Replacing rubber connection in a bicycle trailer coupling
3 Speed Front Derailleur can't reach small gear
Motobecane Sprint Retro Fixie
SON 28 Hub Dynamo "Rotation Lock"?
Finding the right length of chain lock for my road bike
Why is part of this Derailleur loose? (Sun Tour Cyclone II)
Same tube for 23mm and 28mm tires?
Front derailleur never alligned
COSMOS road bike? Identify my frame
How much of a difference does giving blood make to recreational cycling?
Should brake fluid come out of a misaligned disc caliper piston?
Pistons are aligned only without pads in
Why are there BMX off road races
Do road bike shoes offer an increase in power transfer over mtb shoes if the sole is a similar stiffness?
Relationship between chain tension and chain wear
Crank-set issue
120 mm fork with a frame designed for 100 mm fork?
Replace rear deraileur without breaking the chain
Using a wider inner tube
Unable to pedal when in high gears
Frame manufacturer?
Is it worth completely replacing my track wheelset?
What is the name of the manufacturer of this Chinese made bicycle?
Help identifying MTB frame
Can I swap a 29er fork inplace of a 27.5 if I maintain close to the same axle to crown length?
How easy (or hard) is to move a Rohloff speedhub from one bicycle to another?
Are my disc brake pads contaminated?
What are the securing rings on the disc brake pads pin called?
How to re-tension front derailleur cable
Why is my big chainring is so scratched form the inside?
What symptoms can I expect from two broken teeth on a chainring?
Shimano sora 9 Speed rear derailleur capacity
Is it typical for the front and rear gear levers to be reversed?
Maillard Freewheel refurbishing
Shimano Gears won't shift
Bent front-derailleur
Can't setup shifting on Shimano Nexus 7 after unscrewing wheel
Shimano 105 front derailleur cage won't move at all
What tools do I need to carry when riding tubeless?
Difference between UD, 3K and 12K carbon finish?
cannondale cadd10 105 crankset replacement
Can you trim rim tape once installed?
Brake hard on new cycle
Problem setting up Shimano 5800 levers for the first time
Giant Glory size
Can I change my bike's frame?
Adjustable stem issue
How to use Garmin's battery more effectively?
Chain Replacement
Changing the wheels on a hybrid giant escape
Automotive brake grease
What do I grease and what do I lubricate?
mix left shifter and font derailleur of different speed
brief pain and swelling in hips during intense movement
Riding and weight loss
Dropout check/Components check Help a boy live his coaster dream!
How do I determine parts for my bike and where to source them (new)?
Can I replace a middle chain ring with one with different number of teeth?
How is Sir Bradley Wiggins 3D printing his titanium handlebars?
Short vs Long brake pads (with v-brakes) on road bike rims at high speed
One crank arm won't come off
Fundamental principles of tire friction for off-road biking
What is the easiest to upgrade my chainrings from a double to a triple?
Bottom bracket length without knowing front chainline (fixed gear)
Campagnolo Record C9 / Shimano CS-HG200-9 incompatibility
Ksyrium Equipe wheels any good for Cyclocross?
Converting 80s bike to indexed shifters
Mud buildup at the chinstay near FD
Easiest way to remove a chain master link / masterlink
Why aren't hub/drum/roller brakes suitable for touring?
Do certain makes/models/types of bikes get stolen more than others?
What is the best way to approach train tracks?
Fork damper circuit reconditioning
Period of adaptation between a mountain bike and a road bike
Rear wheel rubs frame/cage while pedaling standing up
Does cycling make one's knees stronger?
22 to 11 speed conversion?
Alleviating pressure from coccyx with padded shorts
Specialized Brain problem
What type of grease to use as general purpose bearing lubricant?
Missing lock nut part on Dura Ace WH-7900 wheels
How many spacers I can put on a Shimano hollowtec 2 BB for a 68 mm BB shell
Will two spacers between the cassette and the hub effect the chain line?
Are there any Male to Female DI2 wires / exetensions?
Should disc brake rotors be removed when packing bike for travel?
What year is this Specialized Stumpjumper FSR?
Should I stick with my Stolen (brand) BMX or should I build my own bike?
Ambidextrous backup downtube shifter for touring?
Carbon-wrapped Aluminum seatpost?
which multi-speed hub should I upgrade my trek district to
Sachs- Huret derailleur (re)installation
Electric Bike (eBike): Freewheel or Regenerative braking?
Freewheel sprocket locking up
Need help picking the right rear derailleur and chain for Giant Escape 2
determining make model and year of a BMX frame
Shimano short cage rear derailleur capacity
Replacing an 8-speed cassette with a 9-speed one to make my bike faster
back tire keeps going down
Shimano 105 ST-5500 gear sensor mechanism
Can anyone tell me the year of this Kona road bike?
For 'classic' cantilever brakes, are cartridge brake shoes better than non-cartridge ones?
Fork leaking oil?
Presta valve won't let air in on a new tube
Buying Brakes for custom kick scooter with 12" diameter bmx wheels
How does a quill stem without a front bolt work?
Chain keeps slipping
Considering Cassette Upgrade
How can I tell where the damage is in the hub?
Mountain Biker wanting to change to cyclo or road? Which one?
Can an imperfect hub make a disc rotor rub?
Why exactly did Boardman manage a further distance than Wiggins?
1987 Schwinn Tempo Maillard hub rear axle
Is this article accurate? If so, why is the hype about loosing the FD on enduro bikes?
Creaking when in the saddle
Bottle dynamo wiring a headlight and taillight on 1980s bike
Can I convert from a 52/42/30 crankset to 50/39/30?
converting stem shifters to brifters
30's-40's bike, make and model
Ideas for consistently popping tubes
Is any major manufacturer working on a 12 speed group?
bicycle pedal design specifications for threads
Why fixed-gear for track racing?
Validity of UCI motor concerns
Flat tire keeps occurring while bike is stationary. MYSTERY
Can't downshift rear derailleur
Is a car "perfectly entitled" to turn left around cyclist
Why not upgrade?
How to turn off segments on edge 510
Adjusting brake rub on a mini-v brake (Giant Propel)
Cannot locate mysterious crunching/grinding noise
Is it normal for a Derailleur pulley to "wobble" a little bit? Or does that mean it's time to replace
My rear cogs (not sure on the correct name) turn at force even when stationary.
Should I switch to a smaller chain ring?
Shimano sora shifter no longer shifts
How to identify lead paint?
What should I look for in a cyclo cross bike
Replacing crankset on early-'70s Motobecane 10-speed
Making a Cannondale BadBoy ride softer
What kind of grease is that?
How to carry Xtracycle by car?
Computer Light For Nighttime Riding
What gears should I go for?
Can I use a Brompton bike with a trailer like the Thule Chariot Cougar?
I have a few questions about frame repair, seat adjustments, and rims.
(racer) Standard vs compact crankset: Increased leverage for same gear ratios true?
Are older road bike parts compatible with newer standards? How do older and newer bikes match up performance wise?
Small concavities on rims
Inner tube problem
Is it worth buying a RFLKT+ or is the RFLKT good enough?
Is a long, high angle stem safe to use with a carbon steerer?
How can I assess my torque wrench?
Can pedals not fit the crankset?
Electronic bike keeps getting flat tire on the back
Mongoose Threshold 2nd hand
Finding a single speed kit for an old campagnolo from 1997 with screw on freehub
Doing track stand while sitting?
I don't want to be the next Eddy Merckx; Is competitive cycling right for me?
Should I drink more water the day before a tough ride?
Double crank to single?
Grabbing the attention of the person ahead of you while bicycling
Presta valve top screw missing
Time to replace chainring?
What is the best way to track your mileage, routes and calories burned?
Upgrading Cube Aim 29 2013
What's this mark on my chainstay?
When I pull my disc brake handle the mechanical caliper will grab then release
Tubular tire on hooked rim
One Month to Build Endurance
What are these parts?
Mountain bike sizes
'1 1/8' vs '1/2 1/8' chain/chainring
What thread is the rear wheel axle nut?
Where can I find the maps my Garmin Edge 305 made?
Rear brake pad clearance problem on '06 Specialized Langster
I can remove crank arms without a crank puller, is this a problem? I'm worried the crankarms might be loose
Are my brakes too close to the rim?
Tire Continually going flat
Chain length and cassette tooth count relationship
Rear derailleur mess up PLEASE HELP. Im helping a 64 year old cancer patient. Very important
What are these holes in my frame for?
Do they still make rear shocks with remote flow control valves?
Knee position while on the aero bar
Is 32km possible to ride with my body condition?
Convert old road bike to comfortable commuter
How often should one service headset bearings?
Campagnolo Ergopower Chorus 9 inaccurate shifting
How to deal with motorist's road rage (after prevention has failed)
Twist shifter cannot shift down – what might be the cause?
Front and Rear speed shifters aligment guide
Symptoms of handlebars that are too narrow? Triceps pain?
Chain falls to the outside of the chainring, but I can't reproduce the problem
Rekey a Kryptonite lock outside North America
Bike for college campus
Schwinn Racer - Frequent Punctures - Schwalbe Marathon Plus
Is graphite grease suitable for bicycle bearings?
Tube sealant vs. tire liners vs. puncture-resistant tires -- which best prevents flats?
Indexed rear derailer shifts two cogs for each step
Why are foot-long pedals not widely used?
How to decrease belly fat while cycling?
Disadvantages of Riding Larger Frame Sized Bike than Reccomended Frame Sized Bike
Group of Bikes: Is 3x1 an option?
Finding better routes than bicycle apps suggest
Best ways to avoid getting hit by cars?
Roads that look uphill feel flat and flat looking roads feel uphill. Possible causes?
How to avoid buckle wheel?
Bicycle maintenance notes, technical book: do you have one?
What are the absolute essentials a cyclist should own?
Can an Alfine 11 replace a Nexus 8?
Sora 9 Speed on Campagnolo Cassette
Short Pull Brake Levers
Is it possible to get a light that is too bright?
Commuting on flat terrain/handle bar
Will degreaser formula 88 harm your tire?
What can cause disc brakes not to react after keeping/moving the bike upright, then recover?
How does the risk of a cyclist colliding with a vehicle vary with the speed difference?
What exactly are Quest bikes?
Is Specialized brain something unique or are its variations common?
What is the second thread on the crank for?
Expanding the range of capabilities of a gravel bike
Speed and distance for a beginner
Preload Adjuster Use on SR Suntour XCM
Standing vs. high rpm for acceleration
Pedals feel like they are too far back
inner tube length size question
Shimano RT66 Rotors on Tektro Auriga
Race Face Crank/Chainring Compatibility
8 speed free wheel with single speed crankset
Bicycle Frame: anodized Aluminium?
Can you inflate a completely flat tire?
Shimano Alivio M4000 vs Altus M370 shifters
What does this road sign mean?
Torque wrenches
I'm evaluating how to best match a new handset and rear wheel to a vintage rebuild
Loose Handlebars
Rear Tire 'Wobble' After Tire Change
Fitting a CycloTricity E kit to a Sirrus Elite
Cyclocross vs road bike
Is there a standard equivalent for effort between distance and elevation?
Hitting bumps on a locked out suspension fork
Can I add 3rd chainring to a an old Sugino double?
I've decided on Bar End Shifters for my Vintage tour bike rebuild. I think I've got it down to these. Any reason to choose one or other?
Foot pain with cleated shoes
If I am using Bar End Shifters, is there a compelling reason to change the old brake levers?
Rim compression after tire inflation
20 yr old specialized rockhopper needs new crank gears
When not used, what gear should I store my bike in
Replace freewheel with freehub?
Converting down from 10spd to 7spd
I don't want knobby tires
I have an old Sugino 110mm BCD ring set, can I replace low ring with SHIMANO FC-5650 chainring 34T?
Does anyone have any special notes on buying pannier racks?
Third tube puncture in 3 weeks
What GPS unit should I get? Or, is there a better app I could use to log my rides?
My Bike doesn't seem to fit itself
Toe overlap on mountain bike
Describe main criteria of choosing energy-conserving bicycle that allows getting easily up-hill
Pads in contact with disk when idle on my SLX L675 disk brakes
Serial number & Head badge issues
What model is this Bottecchia bike?
Wheel building - ever encountered nipples that are screwdriver-only?
"Training Wheels" for Starters
Upgrading from 50/34 to 50/39 with Shimano Sora?
Tire size compatibility, 700x35c or 700x38c for original size 700x37c
What Size Screw Holds the Up and Down Shifting Levers on Ultegra Shifter?
Kona Dr dew - drop handlebars
Hit by a vehicle at a crosswalk
What is this device on all the Tour de France riders' bikes?
Creaking in rear wheel
Swap MTB parts to road bike
Pannier rack restricting dérailleur movements
Is it normal for an Inner tube to bulge when inflated?
Extender for HAMAX child-bike-seat?
Is it safe to ride on cracked tyre?
Making the most of Edge 500 courses
What type of brake is this?
Butt pain during riding
skipping on new chain/ cassette
Unable to loosen IXOW Wheelguard Gravity nut
Chain Slip at front changing from large to small front chain wheel (with large cog at back)
Orienting Shimano Cup and Cone square-taper bottom bracket spindle
Cateye Computer Probe Wire Repair
How to remove Race Face crankset?
Does this rim tape need to be replaced?
Rear wheel doesn't turn with cassette
Fastest sprinter and their top speed?
Which chainring/sprocket for use with a Sturmey-Archer X-RF8(W) IGH?
What wheelset comes on this Trek?
Converting Specialized Sirrus hybrid to drop bars
New Brake Compatibility with Vintage Bike
How do I adjust Luxos IQ2 mount?
Where to buy previous years' bikes
Compatibility issues with upgrading a 1991 1400a Miyata Road Bike
Swain Power-HR relation
Can I put a Tortec Epic rear rack on a 27" frame?
Chain skip happening seemingly at random with a new chain
Psi for riding mountain bike on road
Unable to find correct tire size
Is the durability of more expensive chains better than cheaper ones?
What's in this patch kit?
Replacing a 38c tire with 30c
What is the necessary equipment on longer bike rides?
Can't shift to small chainring
Bike suggestions for a heavy rider
Which Tern is suitable for a beginner commuter?
Choosing a new chain
Which road shifters will work with Shimano Deore (M)610 Groupset?
Do stocked tubes go rubbish over time?
Buying a new bike for under $1500 - best option for hard terrain on a budget
Converting my Giant Roam 3 into more of a road bike, while keeping its hybrid identity?
Mercier road bike - biggest tire/wheel possible on frame
Will I cause any damage with a mismatched wheel set?
Finding Geometry Information for Vintage Frames
Is wheel dish important?
Looking for a high resolution image of a 2004 Cannondale Scalpel 900 Black XC Bike
What is the difference between a road bicycle tire size 700 x 23c and I 700 x 23
Cycling without clipless pedals and groin weakness
Shimano Nexus 7 speed IGH, high gears tight shift
Attempting to Rebuild a 2000 Trek 7700 Multitrack
Thinner tires for my Mountain Bike
Website with bicycle only paths in Europe?
Weird gear ratio for a couple of seconds after crash
How can I fix my back wheel's wobbling?
Secure front fork when mounting on roof rack
MTB Cassettes- are they universal to wheels
Bottom Bracket Compatability Question
First stage post-rest day in the Tour
road bike to road bike with mountain bike fram with full suspension
Fort Frame head tube cracked
How do I get rid of weird rubbing noise on my cx bike?
Why are so many technical aspects of cycling so subjective?
Have some new parts on hand but need new frame - frame swap reasonable? or sell and purchase new bike?
SRAM Cassette on Campy Wheels
Can a beginner cyclist commute ~40km (round trip) to school/work by bike?
What is the benefit of fat tires on pavement?
Using older mountain bike in a Trainer
Touring Drivetrain Dilemna
Grinding on a new "Old Fashoined" bike
Cassette & crank combo for commuting
Building bike from scratch: why more expensive than pre-built?
How to Reattach Cable End for Road Drop Bar Brake Lever
Apollo XC26 mountain bike, convert it to a coaster brake fixie?
Max sizing for wheels and tires?
What's the best way to secure helmet straps?
Why did my tire fail?
Bike feels like it is getting stuck when I start pedaling or increase pressure as I go up hills
Chain length. how long or how many links
What is causing an intermittent side to side wobble of the rear cogs?
How to repair a broken steel frame, at the rear drop out /chainstay location
What is energy output in Strava application?
Best outdoor bike storage?
Descending without braking: where's the sweet spot?
Correct position of brake quick release on Ultegra 6800
Is there a title that refers to the person who selects the athletes who will join the national team?
Is it possible to find the actual GPS coordinates of roads, rather than the surface they're on?
Chain rubbing on rear derailleur cage after replacing crankset
Trying to replace a wheel
My tube lose air once inside Tyre and mounted on wheel?
Biking against traffic on a one-way streets in Europe
Please tell me what type of bike this is?
What model/year is this bike?
How to climb a hill as a beginner
Hoods for 1993 Camapaganolo Chorus levers
Campy Chorus Shifter
Hard to diagnose squeaking
Endomondo without autopause
Mudguard/fender width advice
Stressed spoke on downhill turns
What can I replace a Shimano SL-M760 shift lever with?
What is the cost saving from manufacturing bikes in China vs USA or Taiwan?
Where do you leave your bike on cafe stops and water breaks?
Biking to the airport / leaving a bike for a week
How to reinstall a tension screw of a V - brake that been fully unscrewed
Long term benefits and risks of bicycling
Are any anti-theft GPS trackers dynamo powered?
How to commute to work on your bike and dress up
Campagnolo Ultrashift, Escape, Powershift Identification
Always cycling in highest gear, why?
Can I install a gears cassette on a regular bike?
Fitting new wheel with 10 speed to a bike fitted with 8 speed
How to fix precession in pedal axle?
Any experience with spokes breaking on new Trek 720 touring bike
Repaint over a pink bike
what lubricant should I use?
How can I protect cables in inclement weather?
Front brake cable loose from barrel adjuster
How do I know what is wrong with my brakes?
How to improve one's bike handling skills?
Shimano Bottom Bracket LHS cup - splines all worn off. Removal tips?
How does riding on bumpy road while suspension fork locked and without slow down effects?
Upgrade conversion
Converting from 7-speed to 10-speed rear wheel
26er rims for a 26x1.95 tire?
Torque for Shimano Alfine 8/11 Speed Internally Geared Hub Axle Nuts?
How should the brakes on a child's bike be adjusted?
Hole in road bike tire
2 questions: What bike is this? Also is this front wheel too big?
Why do riders not take advantage of other riders misfortune
Safe to shorten a dual-pivot caliper mounting nut?
Shifting from Shimano 2300 to Tiagra
Help identifying this frame?
Controlling the state of bicycle components
How should I configure my tail-lights?
Suitable upright bar brake lever for old caliper brake
My rear bike wheel is wobbling back and forth when I ride
What year etc is this Specialized Epic Comp?
Stem diameter question
Bike options for winter commuting in the mountains
Can I run a 10 speed cassette on an 11 speed wheel, but also keep running 10 speed on a 10 speed wheel?
Does price have a huge impact on the quality of road bikes?
my bike pedals but the back tire will not move
Securing a bike on a car rack against theft
Are Osymetric chainring and power2max Classic power meter compatible?
10 speed cassette/derailleur, but only getting 8 clicks?
Giant Road Bicycle, Comfortable Seat
Campagnolo Athena - Lost plastic part on front derailleur. Now the chain is droping on upshifting
Which chainring? Shimano M785
Which component upgrades for longer rides
Is it acceptable to wear kit from old team?
Are 700 x 28 , 700 x 32 and 700 x 35 tires interchangeable?
Need to replace tire on Dahon folding bike
How to judge comfort when buying a new saddle
Changing the front forks
What bicycle to buy for commuting to work and for leisure (Aberdeen)
What inner tube size to get for my road bike?
Switching from a mountain bike to a road bike
Frozen lockring
Rear wheel needed
Road bike or hybrid for fitness (also including some commuting and loose gravel)?
Another mysterious frame identification
Can a bike frame be retrofitted with internal cable routing without Disassembly?
Old chain still shifting perfectly, should I change it out?
What size nipple should I use for granny bike rim?
Not sure which limit screw is H vs L
Safety comparison, downhill mountain bike vs. downhill ski
Best bike for distance, best bike for speed
MInor (I think) dent in top of Orbea Alma top tube - frame ok or no?
Bottom bracket creaking
Cycling's effect On The Bladder?
My rear disc brake makes noise when I ride fast
Tapered suspension fork on a 2003 Surly Karate Monkey frame
Replacement Forks for Giant Roam 2 2012
How to fix a clanking rear wheel/flywheel
Cyclocross tyre patching problems, bulging inwards
How much speed can I buy
Replacing the handlebar grips with ergonomic ones?
takhion-esque track frame identification!
Irregular sounds on new 50mm wheels at speeds over 16mph
Shimano Claris shifter double/triple shifting up (when moving to smaller, harder cogs) on the rear derailleur
Is a used 1998 LeMond Buenos Aires worth $450?
Are there any bus companies that take bikes and go between Washington DC and Philadelphia?
Best way to sell cheap/damaged bike
BSO identification for amateurs
Use a KMC X10 SL chain on an 11 Speed cassette?
Is my fork disc compatible?
Can I install a double chainset on a bike that was originally designed for a triple chainset?
Tips for cycling while pregnant, and is it safe?
crankset compatability
Just getting into biking
Best Tires for Cannondale Bad Boy 4
Shimano Pedals M520
Campagnolo chainring bolt stuck to crank
Fixing rear-wheel puncture on belt-drive bike
Is it possible to change the lengths of bike cranks?
Suntour xctV2 appaeared to be locked in place and have no movement at all
The shifter for the front derailleur is "soft" in my vintage bike
Is it the valve
Help to find the history of my 1900's Armstrong cycle :)
Front wheel oscillation
What are the risks of fenders/mudguards?
Can I use 53-39T chain rings with compact cranks?
How much is too much - spokes protruding into the rim
How to stop dealing with flat tires?
Fluid trainer works with quick release rear axles, I have a standard nut fixie
Can you help me identify this bike?
SR Suntour Fork Disassembly - No Screw/Bolt near Dropouts / Giant Sedona LX 2005
What kind of tire will fit a Columbia touring 26 inch bicycle
Front shifter has three positions, but front chainring is only double. Is this a problem?
Does anyone make a push-push on/ pull-pull off bike pump?
Roof-top bike rack crash
Replacement of cup that holds bearings on huffy beach cruiser
Attaching a Kryptoflex cable (Kryptonite) to the frame
Is there a way to rest at an intersection without (partially) dismounting the bike?
Dealing with homicidal drivers
What's the difference between road bike disc brake wheels /cyclosross wheels?
Spokes keep breaking
Larger sproket on a single speed crankset?
Crank sliding horizontally through the bottom bracket
How much faster will I be if I lose 10kg (from 100kg, all else equal)
Brooks saddle angle dilemma
Shimano Cassette Change
Giant Defy 2 Bottom Bracket
How to fix the tension in these shifters?
46/30 from a 53/39
How far can one cycle without food?
Presta valve pump or presta adapter
Is this rim safe to ride?
Looking for an old fashioned bicycle with coaster brakes & hand brakes for a woman
Mystery flat keeps happening 3-5 times a week. Do I weigh too much for my tires?
Rim seems to be shedding metal chunks
How to estimate price of an old CrMo frame?
What's different in women's specific chamois cream?
How do I get the pads out of my Avid BB7 disc brakes?
Campagnolo Ergopower inaccurate shifting on high and low cogs
Trying to find Derailleur hanger for Triace A310
Training Advice for Road Cycling
What bike have I bought?
Should flywheels on stationary trainers be replaced periodically to avoid catastrophic failures caused by fatigue?
Replace a double ultegra crankset for a triple ultegra crankset. Is that possible?
Is klunking the father of mountain biking?
What is the actual size of a 26x1.5/2.2 tube?
What is mysteriously slicing the inside of my tubes?
Mountain vs Road
Mechanism to draw rear wheel back and tighten chain stuck; oil not helping, what's next?
Downhill bike build
Tyre popped when going from 26 x 1.95 to 26 x 2.125
Why are my wrists the first part of my body to start aching during a long ride?
Full Suspension MTB or just a new Frame
Moaning Disc Brakes?
What is the purpose of landing on the rear tire?
Is Sram PG850 cassette a substitute for Shimano TZ31 freewheel?
pedal crank moves and tries to slip off the axle
Bike won't shift into 2 largest rear cogs (lowest gears)
Alternative excercise to biking
Am I unscrewing my pump incorrectly?
My brakes rotate around after I tighten them and other v-brake questions
Springy Rattling noise on new bike
what is the biggest chainring I can put on my mountain bike?
23 mm combined with 25 mm tyre in racing
Electric bike: Do I need display?
SPD-SL pedals uneven wear
Are MIPS helmets actually any safer than standard helmets? Independent Research?
Pedal thread gone SRAM 150/100 chainset - what can be done?
Which option; cx bike or mtb and road bike?
What to look for in a (Cheap) MTB headlight for night trail riding
Help me ID this bike
How to find the cage length of a rear derailleur?
microSHIFT on front gears, how does it work?
What can my Shimano BR-M445 caliper be replaced with?
How do I repair a broken chain on my old BMX bike?
Disk brake pads too thick?
How to secure and transport panniers when on foot during a bike trip
Renovating bike, are there addon to make the rims look thicker?
What is meant by "inches of travel"?
It it impolite to "informally" join or draft a group of cyclists?
Road Brifters with MTB Derailleurs
Gears for Hero Cyclone
Remove front derailleur without breaking chain
Troubleshooting Noise from Avid BB-7 Road Disc Brakes
Bicycle is harder to pedal when standing
How much runout is acceptable in a disc brake rotor?
Does the valve have to be straight when replacing a tube?
Does anyone have experience with wooden saddles?
Spraying frame of GT Transeo
Is it okay to flip a stem
Noisy drivetrain on road bike
Can a headset base spacer ring be removed?
What steps to take to replace bike frame
Would Putting BMX Bike Brakes on my Road Bike be Ok?
Shimano 7400 crankset
Specs for parts on Giant Defy 4 (2013) to decide on upgrades to transfer parts onto another bike
Is my stopping dangerous when Idaho Stop is de facto but not legal?
trouble inflating tires
Can the iBert safe-T-seat be safely mounted behind the seat post?
Why Do the same size tires say they can hold different amounts of air (psi), and does that matter?
What kind of gear shifter is this? Single lever
Minimum tire pressure for 20 mph (32 kph) turn
Can I secure a 12v battery to my bicycle to charge it? And then attach a 12v horn to it?
Why do modern mountain bike forks no longer use boots on fork stanchions?
How do I replace my rear wheel?
Velomobiles and UK Window Tinting Laws?
Can you identify this Sachs hub?
How do i figure out the maker of my bike?
Handle bar height
What is the purpose of a serial number?
Inner tube size.
Touring with little kids?
How can I reset hydraulic brake pistons without removing the wheel?
What is the purpose of greasing BB threads?
3D printing frames?
What is the middleground between permatube and normal tubes?
Get a tubeless to seat
Cannondale H400 1993 derailleurs
Pedal-powered head/tail lights
How to perform a long-distance bunny-hop?
Why are cyclocross bikes stiff and what impact does it have on performance?
How do I tell if a used bike (craigslist) is worth it?
How often should I refresh the sealant in tubeless tires?
How to route shifter cables along frame to a Rohloff external gear mech?
How do I calculate calories burnt using my bicycle's weight?
Lower tire pressure on wider rims?
Clipless Pedals Brand Identification
BMX Bike Sizing and Changing Parts?
Alfine 8 crunching/grinding in highest gear
Can I put my 2.1" 29er tires on a wheel with 25mm inner diameter?
What should I look for in a new front wheel for my heavy body?
Brand new Trek X-Caliber 7 - RockShox 30 Silver lockout not working
Shoe covers (or other tricks) for commuting in shorts
I removed the drop-out adjusters... Do I need to adjust my derailleur or add chain or both?
Rear wheel constant bump
Is Marseille a safe place to ride a bicycle?
When should I replace the brake cable?
Chain really noisy near front derailleur on low gears but doesn't appear to be rubbing.
Is it possible to buy a frameset from Trek that isn't listed separately?
Putting Shimano SORA STI Shifters on Touring Bike with Deore Derailleur
Raising the bars on a stock Giant Escape Hybrid
Does every drink bottle fit into every holder?
How to improve my performance on a commute?
Winter boots or neoprene covers?
Bike Size Question - Kestrel Talon
What are advantages of bigger wheel?
What is the difference between Time-Trial and Triathlon bikes?
What is the usual value of a Fit bike pro bmx second hand?
Old freewheel removal
Can I replace my 650c wheels with a more standard size?
Adjust handlebar position/height (damaged screw?)
What does 'orbital' mean when speaking wheels?
Steer Extender or Carbon Road Fork
Tube adhering to tire
How do you remove the sprocket from an eighthinch splined BMX style crankset?
Combining Shimano RS500 crankset with Stages Shimano 105 5800
What are the benefits of removable presta valve cores?
Will the 26" tyre fit my 25" rim bike?
Buying cheap now or saving for later?
When to replace a tire?
Jockey pulley (upper jockey wheel) suddenly not engaging with the chain when in the three largest (easiest) cogs on the big ring only
OnGuard U-Lock key mechanism partially activated
Are chain ring spacers a good solution to adjust chain line?
Selecting spoke lengths
bar end shifters on drop bars - why not run the cables all the way to the stem?
Would Lowering my Handlebars Help my Performance?
Are there any sub $100 gps devices that can export a gpx file
Add/remove sprockets on cassette to customize gear ratios
Food to keep in pannier long-term until it's needed?
What makes a cassette mountain bike vs. road bike?
How to identify galvanised and stainless cables?
Vista Sport Vintage Bicycle
connecting center pull dia-compe lever cables
Replacement MTB rear derailleur
How difficult would it be to maintain 17.5 Mph for an hour?
Are carbon hubs a good idea?
Stuck Bottom Bracket
Clipless MTB Shoes for wider feet
Surly Disc Trucker with STI Shifters
Do I need a special rack for my Schwinn Ascension hybrid bike with disk brakes?
Shimano 105 5800 mech compatibilty with 5700 shifters
Information about Olympia bicycles
Any detriment to hanging a bike by its front wheel?
Post cyclo cross race bike cleaning and lubrication for you bottom bracket?
I am 182 cm tall. Is a road bike with a frame height 54cm good for me?
Why is my bike slipping gears?
Bike-in-a-Kit Concept
Is it Ok to lock or unlock my suspension fork while riding?
which is better a sram 11 speed or shimano 10 speed FD with shimano 105 11speed groupset
gear shifting after changing cassette
Cycling base layers in warm weather?
Race organizers: how much does it cost to put on a stage race?
How bad is it **really** to bend aluminium rims? Requesting evidence based answers
Do Bike stores allow you to ship a bike to them to assemble?
The piston on my Avid Elixir 5 brakes popped out. Does the caliper need to be rebuilt?
When pedaling forward my bike suddenly disingages and goes limp
I cannot go 30 miles without a flat. I can't figure out what the problem is
Riding with a big dog
Chain rubbing on new derailleur and crankset
Is pressure of presta valve hard to read by design?
5-speed shifter?
Bike pedals turning when coasting (not a fixed gear)
How do I fix a loose saddle?
Which cycle is preferable for daily commute to office in India?
Upgrading crankset on mountain bike - what are my options
Avid Shorty 4 Carbon Brake Pads
What is wrong with my Shimano 105 5800 front derailleur?
Quick drying shorts
Durable and Affordable 20" wheel and tire combo for Bicycle trailer?
My rear wheel shifts in the dropouts, what could cause this?
Connect a classic raleigh dynamo hub to a lamp?
MTB front suspension sounds like rusty trampoline
Front wheel lifting on climbs on my Mountain Bike
Chain skipping under increased pedal torque
Tire casing appears damaged
Any good 18 speed gear shifters for drop handlebars?
How much is a mass production aluminium road bike frame worth?
Standing to pedal is extremely tiring - should it be this difficult?
Shimano Claris vs 105?
Bike repainting options
Shifters/brakes won't fit on bullhorn bars
Motorising a bicycle.
What is ideal for long distance road bike rides 23mm or 25mm tires?
Required 26.8mm diameter Seat Post
A long, straight, stiff mudguard?
Are there any online bike route planning options that allow 5-10 mile incriments?
Lemond Frame - what model/year?
Does high PSI or low PSI affect the life of a tire?
What pressure should I run? Front versus the back wheel?
What is the spacing for trek 1.1?
Giant Reign shock travel?
What should I do with my crank/bottom bracket?
What speed is my Shimano Nexus 8 Hub in?
How much maximum force can be applied by fingers on the brake lever?
Carbon crank with loose pedal thread
What caused this seat clamp / frame failure?
Wheel alignment
Why would my rear brake pads wear faster than front?
Stepper motor for ebike
Road bike tires that are ok on sand
Riding Cannondale Synapse on Paris-Roubaix terrain?
Bottom Bracket Lube?
Another stem diameter question (French steerer)
Bottom bracket creaking only when pedaling hard.
Should I attempt a long trip?
Screaming sounds on my front wheel
How do people ride road bikes without fenders?
What is the name of this type of bolt for the front crank on my bike?
Can I replace my Shimano outer chain ring with a SRAM?
Why does rear tire lose 35 psi in a week with new innertube and tire?
Switching from a quill stem to an stem adapter?
B-screw hitting derailleur hanger
Resurrecting an old style SRM Amateur power meter?
Which is better for endurance riding - carbon or aluminum? Or does it really even matter?
B.o.B Yak Trailer on car
Changing Crankset on a bicycle
Shimano SIS Rear derailleur fixing problem
What non-metric fastener heads are left on a standard bicycle?
3- 5 gear special gearset?
Will disk brakes fit on the Apollo Verge
Brand new bike with a stuck chain link
How do I prevent the Hydraulic Disc Brakes on my bike from rubbing?
Snow tires for H Plus Son SL42?
Hard shifting on SRAM Rival FD shifter
Are braking vibrations a sign of the end of the life of a wheel?
What size innertube for 35mm tires? (or: get innertubes on the big side or small side?)
Pros and cons of gears in bottom bracket vs. rear hub?
does anyone still make competitive chromoly frames for road biking?
What features should I look for in a new wheelset?
Should I worry about a chipped carbon mountain bike frame?
What is the correct way to close roll-down Ortlieb panniers?
Issue replacing Avid BB7 disc brake pads
Switching from a dérailleur to a gear hub
Can the top tube on a mens bike be cut off?
Why do my pedals shake and pop?
Bicycle shorts fit: do leg grippers stretch out?
How much play in a spring suspension fork is normal or safe?
Purefix Kieren Pro
Something sounds loose but can't see what
Will these suspensions fit my bike
Bolts for Fox Float RP2
Angled in drop bars like Salsa Woodchippers with slightly less angle in?
New trend of seat stay for road bike?
How do I make my bicycle as ugly as possible without affecting the riding qualities?
What is the purpose of the little wings on caliper brake pads
Is there anything concerning about buying a half-price "test helmet" from my local bike shop?
Is there any other size tires that will fit on a 27 x 1 1/4 rim?
Measuring a fixie/single speed bike
short, fat, first time cyclist
What does the number 3500 stand for on my Trek bike?
Tips for cleaning old glue from a carbon tubular wheel
Racing bike feels bad to ride, can it be fixed?
Occassionally Dropping Chain On Downshifts
Bottom Bracket issues
Refurbishing everyday bikes
Why Does my Cannondale caad sr500 not exist on the internet?
Chain slips off biggest cog under torque
Anti-aero resistance training jerseys?
Tire Tread Worn out Very Fast
Training for 340km in Greece
Does the Shimano Tourney TX rear derailleur support an 8 speed cassette?
Inflated tire partially slipped off rim, can I fix without deflating?
What is the ideal travel for dual crown fork?
Label the bike parts
Why does the Uniform Vehicle Code take away a cyclist's right to use most of the roadway?
New D-lock failed locked up
Will the shimano Zee M640 fit my bike
Pizza box rear light
new hand built wheel - loud spoke shivering sound when bounce unloaded
Flashpoint FP80 / SRAM S80 - rear hub specifications?
The new Copenhagen wheel - a worthwhile investment?
Is a Shimano Dura-Ace 7800 rear derailleur compatible with a Dura-Ace 7900 11-27 cassette?
How to get back into racing after an accident
What does "chain binding" mean?
How to remove a seized bottom bracket from a titanium frame?
How is a frame designed for an easy step-thru?
Problems with front derailleur shifting on an inexpensive bike
Should I upgrade/rebuild an old rusty bike or get a new one?
Road bike for brevets
The front tire of my Huffy 3 speed rubs against the right fork as it spins
Can I use Cube Analog 29" as touring bike?
What direction are the threads on Ultra Torque bearing cups?
Is this a normal way to install a tire?
How many lumens (lm) should a front light have?
Do I need to replace my rims to move up to a larger width tire?
Road bike rentals in Europe
upgrading components on a Brava late 80 early 90
Using 9 speed Deore front shifter with 10 speed Ultegra front Deraileur
How to install the cable for this rear derailleur?
how do you remove rear wheel on scott genius 920?
How do I match motor and battery leads on a generic e-bike conversion kit?
First long bike ride: Determining the cause of saddle soreness
Make the ride harder on fixed-gear bike
What is an attached bottom bracket?
Gears on a singlespeed frame
Coaster brake suddenly not working (Nexus 3-speed hub)
When is it time to replace the gear-cable housing?
What kind of fork could i fit on my bike
difficulty in shifting to lower gear on shimano (6 speed rear gear)
What is the significance of tire minimum pressure?
Why only ball bearings on bicycles?
fork steerer compatability
How long will I survive? 5 wheel spokes missing
Fracture in folding frame - safe to ride?
XC upgrade plan
what suspension fork should I get
Can I swap out an Ultegra 6750 crankset with a 6700?
Slimmest tyres for semifat rims
TRP Spyre SLC brakes compatible with other vendors' rotors?
Pedals not turning together
2015 Fox RC2 160/36 (650b) fork - negative air pressure problem
Can we turn a fixie bike into a freewheeler?
How to exchange a seat stray on a 2013 Cube AMS 150 Super HPC Race carbon bike?
Can I replace the crank on a Raleigh m20 with one from a Schwinn Ranger?
How can i get the most air from a jump?
How to clean sweat-soaked handlebars/handlebar tape?
How to avoid/deal with exhaust fumes when riding in traffic
Spokes both too long and too short on same side of wheel
What criteria should I be looking for in selecting a new hybrid bike model?
Friction Shifter Rear Derailleur, Not Holding Low Gear
Is this issue possibly related to a defective damper? (Fox Evolution 2013)
Do saddle ergonomics matter if you've got padded shorts?
Is it ethical to ride with races without being part of them?
Tubeless tyres deflating - serious problem or just because I don't have sealant?
Pie plate replacement
Unpatchable hole on rim side
Brand new single speed bike has a skip in the free wheel motion or make a click noise once every rotation of the tire
What is an "unreasonably short leave-pass"?
Crank axle cracked on 1972 Centurion, looking for guidance on how to replace
How do experienced cyclists know which gear they are in without an optical display?
How much torque should a threaded headset resist?
does lycra turn cyclists into douchebags?
Why did my last trip give me a bum blister?
Why are there so many types of mech hanger?
How seriously should I take the maximum pressure rating of my cyclocross rims?
Delta compatible shoes and KEO pedals
Casual, stylish jacket for cycling?
Shimano Nexus 3 — what anti-rotation washer to use?
How do I prevent my chain from dropping down while going downhill on bumpy surfaces?
Is there excessive lubricant on my new rear derailleur?
Ideal top tube length for BMX
What kind of crankset to get for this bike?
What muscles am I using when wheeling?
Repair cut in sidewall of tubeless tyre
Effect of BMX bike geometry on manualing
Fix a broken floor pump, replace pump head
Replace rim because of 4 broken spokes?
What causes a tube to become deflated on its own?
Dynamo hub cones regulation
Bike chain is skipping when pedaling with force
Can I fix a bad tube patch?
Bike creaking (possibly pedals?)
Tri bike or track bike?
How much is a Trek Alpha aluminium 58cm road bike worth?
How stay fit enough to make moderately hard rides a couple times a month?
Can you help identify this classy, German-built city bike?
Folding ABUS Lock will not UNLOCK
Orientation of asymmetrical brake pads on front vs. rear
One broken spoke = warped wheel
Using Loctite for integrated head set and bottom bracket installation
Which kickstand to choose?
I've recently bought a 1980 Raleigh Royal I have some questions. (brakes & pannier)
How to prevent loose brake cables with a single pivot side-pull mechanism?
Adjusting Gear Actuation
Cycling Jerseys
Route between Durham, NC and Carrboro, NC?
cross chaining 18 speed (2 * 9) bike
Cannondale Trail SL 3 component upgrades
High-end components
To Cold Set or Not To Cold Set?
Hybrid bike stolen, trying to weigh factors for how to replace
How to change 2x11 to 3x11 on mtb
Replacing quick release wheel with ebike - motored wheel
Will panaracer 27.5x3.5 tires on Velocity Blunt 35 rims fit on a Medium Surly Karate Monkey Frame?
Storing commuter bicycle indoors during winter
What is a good method for constructing dirt jumps?
Can different size feet be a cause of knee pain?
Understanding the bike geometry through riding
Why are some chainrings specs appended with an 'a' or 's'
Brake lever and shifter for bullhorn
Cleaning and maintenance
Feeling of suddenly missing chain in bike while pedalling
Is it normal for a presta valve to unscrew into two pieces?
possible upgrades for merida speeder 200
What causes "softness" in hydraulic disc brake systems?
What Threadless adapter should I use?
Fix a wobbly Shimano freehub?
proper tube size for bicycle tire
Trailer Lighting Using a Dynamo Hub
What brand/year/make is this road bike?
Skateboard, roller blades or?
How do I convert a Shimano Selecta to something more modern and quality?
Intermittent disc brake rubbing
Electric Bike Wiring?
Winter cycling clothes in full black
FD rub top and bottom of cassette big ring. How to fix?
Going to one chainring: realign cassette farther in by redishing wheel?
Is it usual for a freehub to have play?
Best downhill braking method to avoid overheated rims?
Center Lock to ISO Disc Adapters
Double XT with XX1?
Mixed pair of sintered and organic brake pads for disk brakes
My pedals are forced forward when the back-pedal brake is on
Shimano Sora 3500 (3x9) and Alivio front derailleur
Front Hub Wheel Falling off
Converting single speed bike to geared
What is measured by hub size?
Upgrading cheap "cruiser"-type bike for commuting
BMX: Freestyle vs Supercross?
How to use bicycle gear ratios
Steel road bike with frame that hides cables
How do I know when to replace/maintain the crank?
What are the consequences of a chain that is the wrong length?
Sound when pedalling
Best Time to buy new bike?
cable housing with braided metal hard to cut?
How do I install drop bars on my trek earl?
Uneven inflation of a new inner tube?
Dynamo Lighting Systems
upgrade my road bike, compatible parts to upgrade in phases?
Rear sprockets not turning easily
Derailleur Pulley Wheel Compatibility
Can I mix a SRAM Crankset with everything else Shimano? (Derailleurs, Cassette etc)
Is a carbon fibre cyclocross or mountain bike likely to be lighter than an aluminum roadbike?
Wheel going badly out of true on final tightening
What should I do on the trail when I get mud caked in my chain, derailleur or cassette?
Security skewers torque
flat tyre even after replacing the tube?
Can't push lever to shift into big ring, lever will not move all the way
How much of a bruising can a MTB take?
What is the effect on battery life of enabling glonass support on garmin edge 25?
How do people store bicycles in London?
SRAM Force 22 chainset in an otherwise 10-speed SRAM setup
Fixed gear wheel NOT stopping when feet stop. Any ideas why?
Schwinn 1979 12 speed
Winter is here, what type of trainer should I get?
What model and year is this bike?
Converting a road bike into a switchgear
Social bike race costume - Morph Suits
Are there v-brakes with long reach between the fork boss and the pad?
Wheel gets stuck
Enduro MTB or Downhill for 14 year old?
Cycling in Africa
Is rubber cement in stationery stores the same as in tire patch kits?
triple chainring with with single speed freewheel
Can anyone help me identify my bike please?
Unidentified "Sigma Mount Compatible" Bike Computer
Will Stans No-Tubes (or other tubless tire sealant) work in a standard tube to prevent leaks?
How can I gauge what angle I can safely ride at on a downhill curve?
Super Heavyweight Biker keeps destroying Dutch bikes
Poor shifting in dense fog?
What to Look for In Gloves for Winter Commuting
Dahon Folding bike, seat came right off!
MTB levers on a road bike conversion
What is the weight difference between frame sizes?
500mile bike tour?
What does "2×4" refer when talking about food?
Where can I find a compact/ultra 7 speed freewheel?
What are the advantages of handlebars with an integrated stem?
What's the maximum size for low-rider bags?
Lamp holder for bicycle stem
Tubeless tire looses air through weld of rim
B01S brake pads for Deore A-M615 brakes?
Is it ok to use an inner tube that is slightly too large for the tire?
What to know when changing the damper?
Loose Brake Arm?
Are pedal washers necessary on a carbon crankset?
How easy is it to remove a seat with a dropper post?
What is the difference between a sidewalk and a mixed use path?
My bike brakes are lethal, help!
What was the rationale for reverse brake levers?
automatic gear shifting (slack chain) when reverse pedalling
How to properly remove bearings from shouldered-axle track hub
Should I be able to peel off a glued tire patch?
Front tire/disc brake question
What's the cause of this tyre cut?
Tire Repair / Maintenance
Fettling issues - slow shifting rear gears while riding
I want to ride a bike, but its dangerous for me to have weight on my arms
How to replace derailleur cable housing?
How to cut a brake/derailleur cable?
Is my pump faulty or my tyre?
Are HV/HP switchable pumps as capable as a specific HP or HV pump?
Bar diameter for Genesis Croix de fer 20 (2015)
Are CO2 cartridges feasable for use on fat bike tires?
Typical Torque Values For Bicycles
New Shimano TX55 Not Shifting
Do you know of tubes that are fully flat-proof?
Did I choose the wrong size bike?
Replace a 2.0" tyre with a 2.1" studded one?
Storing bicycle in a shed for the winter
Does a brand-new bike bought online need a service before riding it?
Future of Tire technology
MTB Tyre Safe for Wet Roads
I messed up my bike
Do calorie estimates for rides include Basal Metabloic Rate?
Separating the gear hanger from the derailleur
Could I use a 30 tooth chainring with my current crankset?
Is there a specific cyclocross wheel?
Why am I getting no power when I pedal?
Bicycle's inner-tube got puncture right next to the valve, How to patch it there?
Legs are very weak
How to assemble bike chain with no Master link?
Is it 'safe' to use a 700 x 47c tyre on a rim with inner width of 15mm?
What is this cogset body?
why does my front suspension have no spring or air valve
Can I fit larger rotors on a Surly Karate Monkey fork?
Protecting bike attachments such as lights against theft
Are there permanently mounted bike computers?
Why is this ring used near the Crankset?
Can I 'toe in' these cantilever brake pads?
what are good training program for offroad racing?
Shifter clicks in but chain stays on the largest cog, when riding
Bosch Nyon range estimates are unreliable
DIY Bamboo bike?
Derailleur/Gears Locks Up/ Freezes Up/Stalls
Why are derailleur jockey wheels commonly made of nylon?
how to remove through axle on raleigh 2.0?
Why do riders swing the bike out sideways when jumping?
How best to appraise a bicycle .... attn collectors!
Can I ride a triple front chainring with no front deraileruer
Gear mis-adjustment. Loss of gears
Can I use the drive train of another bike?
Individual cassette gears and swap a 10 speed for a 9 speed
Is this cracked rear derailleur safe to use
Combine Nexus 3 Hub with Torpedo 3 gear shifter?
What benefits do bike clubs provide?
chain stay protection on carbon frames
Fixed gear cranks loosening
Effect of salt on bike chain
Bicycle hand pump pressure gauge
Can you change the rear hub on a tubular cyclo cross wheelset with out riping the tubular tyre off?
What is the correct inflation pressure for hybrid road/city bike?
Shimano Nexus 8 Hub Alignment Mark No Longer Visible
Shimano 105 11 speed rear derailleur won't shift
BCD consideraton, does it matter?
How to stop the corrosion?
Winter tyres or winter wheels?
Do aluminium chainrings/cassettes contribute to chain wear?
Rusty Front Derailleur – Replace or Repair?
Best XC riding position
Can I fit a 32-630 tire on a 20-622 rim?
What does 'campy' mean?
Bearing Race replacement
is this cassette and chain ring combination good in terms of number of teeth?
Forcing myself to run a heavier gear
Disc brakes and single walled rims - is there something to worry about?
Which rear mech to replace sram X-9 10 speed 2x10
How often do you need to bleed your Avid Elixir 1
Run without a derailleur hanger?
Headset ball bearing size
first road bike
Upgrading front drailleur
Need to practice quick braking - any hills nearby?
Can you use a wide range 11-42 cassette with a double crankset
Can I put a rack on a carbon road bike?
Is the 'shark wheel' a good idea for a bicycle?
How do you tell what brand/make/model of bike I have?
Will strapping salsa anything cages on my suspension fork damage it?
How to fit forks to fixie frame
Best places to ride in the US
Cycle law: definition of Dismounting
How do I remove this back wheel axle nut? 90s Peugeot mountain bike
chain jumping when puilling away in a higher gear
Will this power2max power meter be compatible with Cannondale Synapse?
How do I get a custom-printed helmet?
Whats a good bike for under $450
Hydraulic Brake lever becoming stiffer
How to select cog for emergency single speed conversion with a broken derailleur
Truing a twisted (vandalised) wheel/rim
What's this part of the bike, and is it safe to alter it?
inner tube width range relative to tire width: reliability effects?
Is it ever okay to get in front of another cyclist at stoplight?
Bent rear derailleur (RD-5701)?
Low-height rear rack for Bike Friday New World Tourist folding bike
Why do skinny tires require less pedal effort?
Are 29" and 26" bikes come with different size frames?
Using different style disc rotors with the same brake calipers
Disadvantages of run 650B wheelset on a 29'er
Is my Schrader valve spoilt?
Michelin Proteks pop off rims
Why does my inner tube have brown liquid inside? Now with internal photo
What does this icon mean?
Should I always ride on the designated bike path?
What bicycle safe anti-car road spikes exist?
Tire pressure decrease when the bike is idle
how to remove oil from mtb disk brake at home
How can I paint a kryptonite key?
Can I upgrade to a 11 speed freehub or do I need to change everything?
Is it possible to move a wireless computer between two bikes?
How to give away lights to cyclists without lights?
How to proceed when pedestrians occupy the dedicated bike path?
Rear Lights for Aero Seat post?
If I currently have 700x23/25C tires on my bike, will 700x35C winter tires fit?
looking for Lightweight inexpensive children's bike (120cm) available in uk
Is it okay to store bike tires in unheated garage over winter?
Can Inner tube 1.25 / 1.5 fit 26x1.4 tire?
Pitted rust on frame
How to determine wheel size on touring bike
replacing shifter cable housing?
How to prevent knee/shin guards slipping?
What to do when a snake is in front of you?
belt vs chain for what matters performance only
Is it OK for a child's bike to have a radially-laced rear wheel?
should I change my seatpost?
How far should I be able to bike?
Pain in center of hand
Is a damaged BB7 inner caliper pin dangerous?
Where should pedals be located?
How can I mount my phone and my battery pack to my bike?
Best bicycle for a moderate to extremely hilly suburbs?
Kalkhoff Agattu (e-bike) Panasonic 24v engine dead - worth repairing?
Is it more economical to true a cheap wheel or to buy a better wheelset?
Road bike disc wheel interchangability
How to play video games while cycling on trainer?
Can a tubular tire be reused?
Can a XTR 2016 di2 bracket axle unit fit in XT 2016 rear derailleur?
What are the advantages of having a aluminium frame?
Are collisions with animals something to be worried about when cycling in the country?
suggestions of affordable clothes for beginner rides?
What can I do to stop my front dérailleur rubbing against the crank arm?
which type of bicycle should I consider for bicycle routes
Do riders bodies go numb after hours of riding?
gears overshifting issue
Safe rate for increasing long rides
Is there a gadget that will let me slide my seat forward more than my post allows?
Can anyone help me identify this bike from 2002?
Lessons from downhill crash
LED headlight eating away at power output of USB charger
Is there a preferred frame size calculator?
Shimano Deore XT: is 9-speed no longer continued? (Europe)
Campagnolo Cambio Corsa primitive derailleur -- can it be recreated?
Giant OverDrive road fork replacement
Would a moist cloth wrapped around the nose be reasonably effective as compared to an anti-pollution mask?
Can I change the cage on a Campagnolo Chorus derailleur?
Are there any tricks to make "U brake" stronger?
Single-speed vs Multi-speed bike purchase
Remove wheel to clean ball bearings
What percent of crashes are due to bicycle failure?
Rear derailleur is messed up
Rear hub repeatedly coming loose
What kind of bike cleat is this with an arrowhead like logo?
Traning for 2x250km in 4,5 months
I accidentally pulled a Shimano Deore brake lever with the rotor and pads off
BMX V-Brake lever for MTB compatibility
Should I change my chain? It broke once, but its condition seems rather good
Rear wheel seizing
U-lock mount bracket on carbon frame?
How to safely transport a Brompton by air?
Converting triple crank to single or double
How to get this dustcap off?
Is it possible to install a 1x11 drivetrain on an old MTB?
Does the BB axle (spindle) lengths 1:1 compare for square taper and octalink?
On a bottom bracket, what does the numeric expression e.g. 1.37x24 mean?
Difference of bottom bracket cup materials: resin, plastic, metal
Experience with GPS trackers - thieves' reactions?
Disc brake freezes up
Brompton pump mount?
How to reduce vibrations to handlebars on aluminium road bike
Preparing road bike for a long trip
Chain coming off with internal hub gear bike - why?
Cannondale CAAD12 headset proprietary or replaceable?
I have a 13 mile commute, and I'm looking to buy a new bike
Can anyone identify this bike please?
How good are '80s Raleigh rod brakes?
Is bicycle Helmet really effective?
Tyre loosing air pressure despite having no puncture
max weight that the shimano Rs400 can carry ?
Last grand tour won on aluminum?
What kinda of maintenance does a Sturmey Archer X-FDD DynoBrake hub need?
rear shifter lever gets stuck when shifting gears
Quick-release chain tug?
Derailleur replacement recommendation
how much a good bike can cost?
How Can I Strengthen Bicycle Trailer Axles?
How long will this alum frame last?
What are the hallmarks of 90s cycling?
Ultegra BR 6800's; Increase the reach to 53mm-54mm?
Brake bleeding without bleeding block
Can I use a 7 speed shifter on an 8 speed cassette
Chain is reluctant to shift into hardest gear on rear cassette
Can I use a SRAM X0 Crank with Shimano XT chain rings?
Is commuting 10 km on an empty stomach harmful?
What is the minimal seat post depth?
What to wear under tights with fabric padding?
507 rims on a narrow frame
Why (and how) would someone steal only my innertube?
Identify: 26in dirt jumper/bmx bike "fetish" brand?
Replacing mechanical disc brake with hydraulic
which power meters will work with a sram cx1 group set and a bb90 bottom bracket?
Are there fenders designed specifically for bikes with racks?
Pedals won't turn normally following strange noises
Where to buy 2012 SE Lager parts?
Innertube fat on one side, skinny on the other
Need help identifying this vintage bike
Hub dynamo, maybe loose contact; maintenance?
How to approach driver after near-miss?
Trek 26" mtb disc, how to change up crank set /gear size?
V Brake does not snap back
Braze on or what sort of clamp on a Cinelli frame?
Windows Phone as a Bike Computer - What is the current State of the Art?
What is the best way to secure a bike on a bus bike rack?
XTR Di2 front derailleur mount for Cannondale Scalpel 29r
Why isn't my quill stem controlling the front wheel of my bike?
How do I find the right size of bottom bracket?
what is difference between remote lockout and hydraulic lockout?
Key points to ensure that a trainer is compatible with bicycle?
What is the widest tire for the 27.5+ width rims?
disk brake rotors mounting on bmx hubs
Are presta valve cores universal?
Gear shifts and drive speed on bikes
Why does hunger have a much more drastic effect in cycling than in other endurance activities?
Need a replacement 42 ring for an Ultegra 9 speed triple
Changing the entire chain gear mechanism
Which front and rear lights can run while charging?
Advantages of mounting bottle under frame
Is it better fitness-wise to ride at the maximum gear?
Are curved aluminum forks safe?
[MTB ]How much can my bike endure?
Correct cable end for Shimano BL-M421 brake lever
Shimano STX rear shifter, broken spring
Bike bag options for commuting to and from Airport
Are there geometrical differences between framesets optimised for flats vs drops, other than top tube length?
Crankshaft snags and loses resistance while cycling
Shimano integrated shifter/brake: Cantilever compatible with V-Brake?
Would it be better to fly with my full-size road bike or rent at the destination?
Switching brakes from mechanical to hydraulics. Disk rotor question
How useful/valuable is internal cabling?
Back wheel started moving backwards when pedalling backwards
identifying make of MTB alloy suspension bike with frame number AMO1021160
what does a 22 gear bike look like?
How to equip a bike to avoid parts being stolen
List of tools to take apart a bike to minimise space for storage
How to know what size of bike is suitable for your height and weight?
Muscles sore and ridicously stiff after riding
10 / 11sd compatibility
How do I change the granny gear on a cheap Walmart mountain bike?
Hypothetical 1x10 simplification to 1x3 or 1x5
Using cheap bike computer as a cadence indicator, possible?
do you think fixie can beat gear/non-fixie bikes?should i buy new bike?
Half speed internal hub gear?
At what temperature do you say its too cold to ride a bike?
Can an aluminium frame rust from the inside if water has been in it for some time?
Fixed hub threaded
Triple chainring + nonstandard sloped cogset. Can this work?
Ideal % jump between gears?
Replacing roller-clutch freehub with ratchet type
Quad chainring (4x12)?
Left side isolated granny gear, right side all other gears? Possible and practical?
Chain skip options on vintage 'frankenbike'
Better tyres for Cannondale Bad Boy?
Multi directional release pedals for road bicycling?
After conversion, Paramount OS is super squirrely
Super close ratio high gears via double size sprockets... practical?
Can I run Aluminum Backed organic brake pads with Elixir Avid 5 Hydraulic system?
Comfort vs comfort
how to design a shaft and gears for shaft driven bicycle
Has anyone tried this "poor mans" homemade electric bike idea?
How do I remove the front axle from a sealed bearing hub?
Closely spaced nonoverlapping 36 (2x12x2) gears borrowing from music theory. Good idea?
Troubleshooting Hydraulic Disc Brakes
Please help me identify this bike (Staiger MTB)
Worries about a gear ratio of 1:1?
Sensible shifting on a triple chainring?
Flywheel on a bike to smooth things out?
how to increace the friction between tyre and road
What is the difference between Fulcrum Racing 4 and racing 6 wheels?
Good cycling goals?
Hard to pedal even on flat street
More than 7 speeds on a freewheel? Ok for someone that rides moderately?
What is the difference between disk brake rotors?
Gear cables replacement - inline barrel adjusters
Can you identify this vintage MTB?
Is a Roadie with wider tyres still faster then a MTB with slicks?
I got a 27.5" fork for my 26" bike, what size wheel should I run?
Is it worth wearing a headlamp when cycling as well as having a bar mounted light?
How does a RD (rear derailleur) handle variable tooth gaps?
Why don't we see this special progressive 3x5 gear setup being offered?
How to lubricate a bicycle cable
Does brake modulation matter, for efficiency, beyond having enough to avoid locking the wheels?
freewheel stress and possible difficult removal with super underdrive gear?
Why is a steady cadence so important? Or is it?
front wheel takes more impact than rear?
Construction hints for a sociable dicycle?
How to install rear rack & fenders on a vintage road bike
early 1993 Trex 4200 aluminum frame
Using only 7 speeds of an 8 speed freewheel is ok?
switching from 9-speed to 11-speed with a rear hub motor
Why is Shimano 105 5700 (10-speed) is more expensive than 105 5800 (11-speed)?
What is a good gents' hat to wear while cycling in formalwear?
Gates Carbon Drive off-road experience?
Riding into a headwind faster than my top speed - how is it possible?
Where to get replacement bolt for rod brakes
Are all vintage bikes difficult to work on?
25 degree rise stem vs 6 degree rise stem with taller head tube - how is handling affected?
Why is there a gap between my crank and bottom bracket?
Rear hub bearing replacement
Seatpost clamp bolt replacement
Bottom Bracket - Drive Side is Stuck, what to do please?
Why does my disc brakes keep squeaking?
Troubleshooting a bent mech hanger
29" Ascension mountain bike by Schwinn
Uncomfortable rise and backsweep on wide mountain bike handlebars
Chain lube that won't repaint my legs?
Safely Switch Bicycles before a Century?
Converting from V-brakes to Disc Brake without existing mounting holes
Ease of servicing disc vs. rim brakes
Ease of servicing brifters
Effectiveness of disc brakes with brifters
durablity and brand?
What does "11-25" mean in the cassette description?
Going to race a 29er MTB in a 200 mile / 320 km gravel race. Bike preparation?
How many watts is a good push worth?
Can Park Tool CG-2.2 kit work with the bike upside down?
2 speed quad sprocket bike... do these exist? If not, why not?
Options for fully lined bulk cable housing
Motobecome Mirage (I think) made in France
How to prevent my front derailleur from rubbing on my back tire?
Presta valve on new tube won't inflate
How to carry a step-through/mixte bike
Can somebody identify my bike for me?
Why are post ~'80s bike finishes so "dull"?
My bike got stolen a second time (in Amsterdam) - what should I do?
Bike feels like it's slipping/shifting gear when pedalling while standing up on max gear
Chain going "slack" on the 7th gear under load on a new mountain bike?
24 gear SRAM shifters- PROBLEM
Indoor trainer suitible for sprinting
Shimano Ultegra 6800...what do I need?
Best long distance padded shorts for tall man
Can you have too many in line barrel adjusters?
Are folding handlebars a good idea from an engineering standpoint?
How popular is the "Sold Secure" certification among reasonable-quality lock makers?
Rear wheel not spinning when the skewer is locked in
Front drum (was disc) brake only works when going backwards (!)
SRAM 2x10 shifter-derailleur combination
How do I increase braking power and "touchiness" of Sram Guide RS Brakes?
What speed of wind gust will cause a cyclist to swerve by 1m or more?
Upgrade gear ratio
Specialized Allez - Upgrade to Carbon Seatpost for Long Distance Comfort?
Bike won't shift at all
How to measure which sized bicycle can a toddler ride?
Is the balancing easier on big cycles after the kid learns to ride pedal less bicycle?
Dutch Bike Winter Cleaning
Hybrid, touring, or road bike for new commuter?
Which cables and housing do I need?
Bullhorn bar + STI brake/shifter
Seat Stay Replacement - Bridgestone MB-3
Slipping aluminium seatpost in aluminium frame
Safe to ride with Kenda 27 x 1/38 inch studded tires in snow/ice?
Choice of two Stevens bikes, which one makes more sense?
Internal hub gear suddenly stopped shifting
Can I mix and match cogs from 2 different SRAM cassettes and still expect it to work?
Pedal on exercise bike fell off, not going back on
Grinding sound from rear wheel
Rear Hub Axle Appears Bent – Causes and Repair Strategy
What's the best strategy to preserve vintage headset life?
Identifying Rear Axle Size
Redline BMX or is it Redline decals on something else?
Choosing the right size frame
Can I convert freewheel hub to use cassette?
Does (square-taper) BB spindle length affect Q factor?
Tyre rubbing against frame
Is it possible to fit twist grip gears on vintage drop down handlebars?
What is the relationship between block, gear speed and derailleur? With Pictures
How do you count the number of links in a chain?
What am I looking at in my rear hub?
Is it worth swapping MTB front forks/wheel to ISO 584/27.5" from ISO559/26"?
What is the best aero position in a mountain bike?
Proper tubular tire installation
Need help identifying an old bicycle, unusual frame
Is there more than one ideal seat post height based on type of riding?
Searching model number of Shimano shifting lever
Convert a Cannondale SM1000 (about 1991 model) to disk brakes
Will any Shimano V brake fit any v brake lever and any v brake bike?
How high should be the handle of a balance bike for a 35 inches tall kid?
can down tube shifters be used with a gear set of 21 gears? (3x7)
What would I search for to find bike hubs that attach on only one side like found on tadpole recumbent
Best Kids Triathlon Bikes
Are chainrings specific to double or triple cranksets?
Why don't standard bike chains have inner/outer combo links so odd chain lengths are possible?
Using Engine Starter Fluid to Decontaminate Brake Pads
Can't adjust headset correctly
Are there any bluetooth speed sensor with data logging ability?
What type of hubs attach on only one side< Tricycle front hubs
Tire pressure on new bike
brakes are wearing out very fast, why?
Opposed cone chainless progressive 24 speed gearing system using belts, has it been tried?
Freewheel not engaging when temperature below about -20c/-4f. What is freezing?
Upgrading parts on Fuji Panic 3.0
Need Hidden nut for SRAM Force 1 chainring
Shimano 105 + Shimano Tiagra?
Should I use anti seize for headsets and press fit bottom brackets in a titanium frame?
Should I dispose of my cheap bike or is it worthy to keep?
turbo trainer on wtb 27.5 sx19 wheel is it possible
How can I fix the hook of a weather proof pannier?
Crank Compatibility for my Orbea Hydro 2012
Road shifter to Mountain Bike derailleur compatibility (Example: SRAM x7)
Why doesn't this V-Brake fit my frame?
Converting a 7/8spd cassette to 4/5spd
arm and elbow position -- sticking out or straight, also pushing or pulling on handlebar
Am I too tall to bother modifying my old trek?
Removing headset cups from 44mm head tube
Custom bike to offer smoothest possible ride on bad roads
one side of brake pad retention problem (i.e. attached to rim)
Bike broke, strange parts came out, and doesn't know where to find exact replacement
Any way to track Campagnolo components?
Buy Time-Trial bIke or convert road bike
Power to weight, FTP and Terrain Profile
Cybex Recumbent exercise bike clicks on left side of wheel/pedal
can only use right hand to brake reliably, due to disability - safer/possible to modify bike?
How to fix folding lock holder
What is the safest and most courteous way to ride on a two-lane road?
Hydration rucksacks on and off the bike?
Wheels for CAAD 10 Disc
Bike Washing Steps to know
Campagnolo brake, closes unsymmetrically
1" threaded forks?
If I am using DRY lube, do I need to clean my chain between applications?
How good or bad would chainsaw bar lubricant be as a bicycle chain lube?
Spokes to DT Swiss cyclocross wheel
Upgrading Groupset: Old to New
What type of cleat is this? Should I save it or get new cleats?
Any Issues installing STI Brake/Shifter levers to bike with direct-pull V-Cantilever brakes?
Questions about shifting from a new road cyclist
Do 7-speeder and 21-speeder have similar minimum range of gear-inches?
Does a slightly untrued wheel damage the wheels?
Is there a measurement for tyre profile or height from rim?
Help with Trek Mountain Bike to Touring Bike Conversion
Looking to replace 700c tires with mountain bike like tires
Spare wheel for indoor trainer use
How to get tight tire on rim of a road bike
Do rollers ruin tires?
Are there classes for learning how to cycle for exercise?
My Bike Like To Try and Turn Left
Pacing for 90km time trial with heart rate monitor
holes on the inside of metal fork blades, what are they
Chain falls off all the time when I want to shift from small to big front ring
Chain comes off full suspension 20" folding bike during casual rides- not derailleur issue
Probably Screwed up my Derailleur shifting from 1-6 without pedaling
Modifying Bikes 101 - Help (1988 Bridgestone City Limit CB-2)
Interupter brake lever compatible with hydraulic mechanical disk brakes?
Make a Bike faster
Updating Bike to Road bike
Can a carbon fiber bike have rack eyelets?
Shimano Di2 Minimum Junction Setup
Removing top cap and stem from Acros headset?
Why are rear wheels dirtier?
Front shock Absorbers
What is the best Rear Derailleur for single speed to 3 speed conversion
Convert used road bike or MTB for touring?
GPS systems for bikes
What does it mean - can be made into a double?
Rear Derailleur won't move
can't remove bike from ascent trainer
Upgrading SRAM PG850 8 Speed Cassette on Defy 4, must Be Compatible with Claris Shifters
I'm shopping for a child trailer. Should I get one with suspension?
What are my options for a bike trailer?
How to assemble '70s-era center-pull brake
Is Shimano Claris compatible with disc brakes?
Why are ball socket allen wrenches
Saddle Wash and take care and Maintenance
please help me identify this bike, it is a haro bmx frame and i have the serial number
When to change road bike
Identify this shaft driven bike for me
I just bought a frame off this kid in my neighborhood but don't know who makes it?
Can a saddle clamp be upside down on a children's bike?
Simple brake test, pulling the brakes and pushing the bike by hand
How you can reduce wind noise in the ears while cycling?
What can be creating resistance when I cycle?
optimum frame size for very small 5'2" female
Does Shimano cassette tool work on Campy cassette?
Disk brake rotor feels loose
Strong tires for Trek Verve 3
tube punctures near valve
What is the best gear ratio for speed on 20inch frame
How to (safely) navigate a four-way stop
Choosing a road pedal system - Focus on durability
Shimano STX RD-MC30. Replacement
Can I inflate to 8bar?
Training for long distance rides (> 200km)
Reverse Gear in Bicycles
Crack on Carbon Frame?
Is component's thread torque a factor in how 'stiff' a bike rides? Would a racer want higher torque?
Is it difficult for one person to ride a tandem bike?
MTB Safety - Helmet
How can I move the saddle further forward?
Nutrition during long rides while reducing fat
Can 'Zefal All in 1' really doall of those: cleaning, degreasing and oiling?
What to do with my old bike?
Front derailleur takes 6 clicks to shift gears, instead of 3
Trying to add an extra cog
Converting a 3x10 to 1x10 with QR dropouts (NOT Thru axle)
Chain slips to lower gear when pedaling backwards
Chain length when swapping between cassette sizes (11-28 and 11-23)
What is this sheet of clear stickers that came with a new MTB?
Name for a part on stands/trainers
Lowering my Tour bike gearing to MTB gearing
Rear Cassette worn + needs replacing - what other components to replace?
Selecting a GPS device
Is contact patch area governed by A=W/P
What parts do I need to change to convert from flat handle bar to drop bar?
How long does it take to ride 1.4 km?
Tyres self-deflating after being in storage
Compatibility with 105 shifters
Lugged carbon frame repair
Glossary - types of riders
Correct setup of Huret rear derailleur
Cyclist vs Van. Who is wrong in this scenario?
Can a 7 speed torpedo cable index a modern day 7 speed freewheel?
cable tension for Shimano 105 Front derailleur is very tight
Replaced v-brake pads too late - how to check if rim is damaged?
bike pump hose split
What caused play in my freehub?
Triple to double crankset
Cog/Lockring size
Chain line adjustment when replacing triple crankset with single
How to adjust SR SunTour M3020 AND product manual
Need Help IDing SPD Pedal
When down-shifting my rear derailleur (Campagnolo 10spd) is skipping multiple gears.
broken hub dynamo lights 80s Triumph
Bicycle frame identify HELP
Tube Flat Fold Width
Should I worry about rain getting inside my frame?
Increasing the size of tyres on a hybrid
Ritchey carbon MTB fork dropout wear
Kickstarter bike too good to be true?
Fixie vs Road Bike - the right fixie bike for bunch rides
More or less skid patches for winter tires?
When I shift to the smallest cog, it's suddenly too loose
Preventing ergonomic handlebar internal rubber cylinders to stick
Road tyres on mountain bike
Bottom bracket feels rough, should I replace it
clarks m2 hydraulic disc brake problem
Can't identify pedals or find cleats
How do I remove the axle protector after shipping
Should I go clipless?
Website for getting bike-specific touchup paints?
Can't remove SHIMANO Nexus FC-C6000 Crankset
Rear derailleur needs a couple pedalstrokes to change gear
Upgrading to new hydraulic brakes - should I put same sized rotors on front and rear wheel?
What's a good website for logging cycling trip data?
Safest way to carry luggage on my carbon frame?
Can any crankset be used?
How to build a lugged fork
Fork Compression Speed during brake action
I'd like to upgrade my SRAM cassette, but confused by options
Can I run a 700c/28"/29er wheel & tire on a 650B full-suspension mountain bike frame?
Blue tyres for single speed
Connect Trekking Bike Brakes to Road Bike Lever
Upgrade options for hybrid Scott Sub10 bars?
Bullhorn handlebars or extension grips?
How to pour tubeless sealant without removable core valves
Dual crown fork or not?
Changing Shimano 105 triple chainset to compact
How to measure and cut chain
Cycling training - 220km in 4 weeks
How to pump tire with cap that won't come off
I have a bike with a ratio of 3.11 to 1, how many links do i need in a chain?
How to check your dynamo system?
Is it ok to extend/straighten legs fully while pedaling and will it give me maximum power?
Servicing / replacing headset
Kenda Kwest 100 psi tires (presta valve)
How to replace a bottle dynamo with batteries
Indexing issues on new build, shimano 105 5800
key broke and stuck in U-lock with bike locked
Shimano Deore front derailleur occasionally sticking
Are the Truvativ powerspline BBs reliable?
Cheap carbon-fiber handlebar from Hong Kong. Will it break?
What fork size is 32mm (inside diameter on the frame) considered?
Cheap import lights VS branded lights
Nearly getting hit by reckless vehicles. What can be done?
Upgrade from 7-speed SunRace to 10 speed Deore: can I use the same wheel?
Shimano 105 - double chainring on triple chainset?
Feasability of repairing '70s-era welded-steel luggage rack
How to attach bell with metal bracket
chain line with narrow-wide chain ring
1970 Schwinn Tandem - How to move rear seat further away from handlebars
Rear derailleur does not shift down
Shimano 105 5800 front derailleur installation
Tire compatibility for hybrid cruiser
Is it bad to keep hydraulic brakes engaged for many hours?
Attaching frame pack — velcro straps or fastex sliders?
I need to know what kind of spokes to buy
Suitable Shimano integrated shifter/brake replacement for old STX
Why 9 speed front derailleur cannot handle 10 speed rear derailleur?
Headset can't tighten enough without stiffening steering, damaged bearing retainers?
Cycling near Hannover
spinning handle bar grips - can it be dangerous
How to fit 10 speed cassette on this hub
MTB gear xx1 repairable?
Chain vs seatstay with a 50T Chainring - BMX frame
Overshoe for Specialized Sport MTB Shoe
How can I mount a pannier rack on my (carbon fibre) Trek Madone 4.5?
Could i break Shimano Nexus 7 with no cable attached?
short cranks for new Brompton JIS bottom bracket
Chain hops off cassette sprockets when I stand-pedal
What size rotor does the Cannondale CAAD10 2015 have?
Flat handlebar caliper brake compatibility
Can I replace a 26"/2,0 rim with a 26"/1.75 rim?
How do we understand if caliper brakes can be installed on the frame?
Cylinder volume of hydraulic brakes and levers
Cranksets for tandem with internal gear hub
Cable pull, indexing of Shimano's IGH vs. deraileur
How to release a hydraulic brake (tightened with wheel off)
Is there a hub gear that can be disengaged?
single speed mtb chain slipping
What are the effects of different types of rear shock installation on full-suspension bikes?
When to replace FS bearings?
What is the difference between Rockshox Pike RCT3 and others?
Spinning bike speed vs outdoor ride speed
How does my tire pressure effect the tire's maximum load?
Avoiding hydraulic brake system overfill when bleeding with worn pads
Can't figure out the correct wheelset size for my Raleigh Rush Hour to replace the stock wheelset
What's this cotter pin on the barrel adjuster for?
Replacement or comparable model for my current Bottom Bracket
How to measure handlebar diameter?
Replacing Quick Release skewer with through bolt axle
Cartridge bottom bracket left cup is too tight?
Converting frame size to wheel size
Constant / maximum set load bike? Does it exist?
Axle adjustment in Atom drum brake?
Using only the brake lever, separated from an integrated shifter/brake
How to re-shape a bent steel fender
Wobbly wheel/hub even when I tightened the cones
Diagnose grinding sound from single rear cog
9 speed Shimano shifter with 7 speed drivetrain
Is the real world experience of riding a light bike understated by physics-based calculators?
Road Bikes: Aero vs. Traditional
Shifter with stuck barrel adjuster
Vintage 1979 Peugeot roadbike rear derailleur change
I bought a used 20 inch bmx bike from bike shop but no one has any idea of the brand
How do I revive my front shock?
Can the Garmin 520 be charged while riding?
What are my options for correcting a bent aluminum fork?
RevoShift doesn't move cable between 6 and 7
Why are most BSOs mountain bikes?
What is the minimum repair kit/parts I should bring on a 150 mile bikepacking trip?
Where does the energy loss in cycling go proportionally?
Replacement for Shimano Nexus 7 outer casing holder
I have a hybrid bike which the frame is too big, is there any modifications I can make to make it more comfortable?
Is this brake cable alignment correct or problematic?
How to tell the size of a bike chain?
Can I use a road bike stem on my mountain bike?
Bottom Bracket size issues
Smooth tires on wet road?
Would a hard tail 29er be a good starter bike for road and light trails?
Is there a "conventional" configuration for mounted accessories?
New front fork on old Cannondale XR800
why would my chain slip on the road, but not when the bike is on a stand?
Shoulder pain caused by messenger bag?
Can I upgrade cassette without replacing rear derailleur?
Old bike compatibility with direct train bike trainer?
Trouble with spiral folding bike lock - jammed
E-bike battery doesn't work anymore, where do I get this specific one?
How does this work? "Rotor BB30 to 24mm Steel Road Bottom Bracket"
Can one upgrade cable fork remote to a hydraulic fork remote? (Rockshox Pushloc to XLoc Sprint?)
one side of cantilever brake pads does not spring back
Trouble removing bottom bracket
cranks for a JIS bottom bracket
Shimano Rear Derailleur Max Capacity
My rear wheel isn't properly spinning. How can I tell whats wrong?
How many spokes can break before I need a new wheel?
How to clean a grimy old bike frame?
My chain snapped ,need help
Why don't women have Cat. 5?
Flat tires every morning
Why/how did flat bars take over?
Replacing rusty crankset
Maxxis Hookworm Tires
50/34 vs 52/36 crankset for 11-32 cassette (shimano 105 5800FC)
How should one cross the IJ river with a bike?
convert 9 speed wheel to 10 speed, won't shift to largest ring
Is changing wheel necessary to use a freewheel with different number of gears?
How to carry a large backpack on a bike rack?
Should my aftermarket frame have a serial number on it?
What tool is needed to remove KMC X11 w/MissingLink, 11-speed chain?
Teaching a child to push off
Do the cups of headsets with cartridge bearings wear out?
Handlebar-mounted "turn indicator" that can pair with a smartphone for turn-by-turn GPS navigation
Can't take out front wheel
Rear derailleur on this set
Rim dish and flange angle problem
Quick warmup before descent
can i replace my rims 622x19 hybrid for a 622x17?
What is the logic to the order of Shimano Components?
If chain/ BB/ casette are dead can chainrings and derailleurs still be OK?
Should I be continually weighting the handlebars?
Why do I keep getting flats?
Downshifting problems
Inner chainring bent on 6 week old MTB
How to install bicycle pedals without a notch on the spindle?
Rear wheel noise
From Trek to Surly - advice on frame size
Replacing Crankset
Schwinn Spirit Trailer - Bearing Repair
Rim brake pad interchangeability?
changing rim sizes
Issue with PF30 BB on Boost frame - 2-3mm crank arm clearance
Can I Upgrade shimono Ultegra 9 speed 12-27 cassette
Minimalist setup for a "travelling bike mechanic"?
650b for small rider?
V-Brake brake blocks non-centred posts
Why are my pedals not in the correct position
How much cheaper is cycling than driving?
What's the strongest way to bond a cable stop to an aluminum frame?
Little rear rotor clearance
replacing wheels on a hybrid running on 700c
Tool for Cannonade Carbon Si Crankset
Want to adjust/replace front fork suspension on a Next Break Point pro 26" bike. Has no access at the axle.
Tiredness after long rides
Help with choosing an entry level mountain bike
How do you clip your helmet to your bag when not wearing it?
What are "M14/125" pedals?
Shimano Deore shifters not returning to neutral position
Is it ok to stretch a steel fork from 90mm to 100mm?
Can I replace an inner tube with a Dunlop valve with one with a Schrader valve?
Can a threaded headeset be converted to a threadless headset
My santa cruz heckler ghost shifts from frame flex. Is there anything I can do?
How important is shoe weight?
Adjusting pedal / crank / other components to account for different leg sizes
How can a recumbent tadpole trike brake three wheels with only two levers?
Can you identify this vintage Moor MTB
When replacing brake pads, brake loses its grip
What are the advantages/Disadvantages to clip and clipless pedals?
Can I use a hardtail for MTB trail riding?
Why does my brake keep pinging out and almost killing me?
Is it fine to use road bikes for daily commute?
Electric bike rear wheel spokes breaking
Does it takes longer to cycle a route with a mountain on it comparing to the same distance without a mountain? What is the cause of that?
Is there a ulock mount that uses the bottle cage openings?
Help in identifying Fuji Suncrest bike based on serial number
Can i set up a 7speed gear and disc brake on hercules rocky mtb 2.0 cycle
Are Shimano Claris brifters compatible with 90's Shimano 600 parts?
Bicycle crank is wobbly
How to prevent drafting?
Calorie Burn Meter Bicycle
What kind of bike is this
Servicing DT Swiss 240 FRONT hub
Does Shimano XTR RD-M9000 SGS 11-Speed Shadow+ MTB Rear Derailleur Long Cage work with 10speed XT shifter?
Will using this kind of parking rack damage the wheel?
Replacement of sprocket
Limits on tooth difference when replacing crankset
How can I tell if my presta valves have removable cores?
2 speed shifter for three chainring set
putting a presta stem nut inside the rim?
new rear wheel: buy parts separately, or get from cheap bike?
Can I install a front derailleur for my bike?
My cycle's gears don't change properly
Traffic lights: double red
Kryptonite Flex frame bracket slides around a lot
Minimum tire width to avoid snake bite
Increasing stamina while in the office
Replacing Shimano RS21 rims
Identify missing fender part
Is cycling with crystal sunglasses dangerous?
What is my bottom bracket spindle length?
Tourney RD upgrade
Am I ready for 300km?
What large chainrings are compatible with Shimano FC6603 crankset?
How to safely remove dried tire sealant from a carbon frame?
Plastic ring on new Shimano crankset, toss or keep?
Help with the bicycle gearing
For a very amateur rider, is Specialized or Trek worth it?
I cleaned my cassette and changed my chain, now my freehub is slipping. What are the possible causes?
Changing cassette, can I change ratios
Can I put a 10 speed 11-36 cassette on a Road Bike with a 50/39/30 crank?
How do I determine my Campy cage size?
Will the price of a bike go down if it doesnt have brakes?
I need help on Buying a Bicycle
Is it OK to leave my bicycle unlubricated for a day after a hose-down?
Quick release lever for wheel is stuck
Why is there a koozie on this bike's chainstay?
SRAM Guide brake lever won't return
Enquiry on SPD and SPD-SL
Putting new grips on handlebars
Groupset Change
Repair service specifically for bike commuters?
What are some oft-cited benefits of electric assist on a mountain bike?
Does cannabis affect cycling performance?
Denied warranty claim on carbon bike due to impact?
Can I use 26" electric hub wheels on a vintage road bike?
Promotional Odwalla bike
Can a double rear derailleur work?
Towing with a Recumbent Trike, Tadpole or Delta?
Trike with 60+ pounds basket possible?
Kind of a pennyfarthing with the big wheel in back
What's the proper technique for starting uphill?
Front derailleur has too much resistance
Giant Atx MTB rear wheel quick release not opening
How do I determine bottom bracket size
How should I handle a highway patrolman who stops me occasionally to give incorrect instructions about my riding duties?
Scared of damaging bike going up and off curbs
Smaller front rim on mountain bike
Replaced left crank arm but still comes loose?
What is a fixie?
I had knee surgery on my left knee
How to change front gearing
Shimano STePS Di2 Shifting with Alfine 11 - will it be ever automatic?
What does welded and machined mean?
What does triple-hollow construction mean?
Why is buying a bike as a whole cheaper than buying separate parts and building it?
Have rollerbrakes a longer stopping distance than drum brakes?
How to handle vibration (big bumps, etc.) on flat bar when touring?
How can I tell if a tire contains slime?
Options for new equipment when replacing older parts that are end of life?
Is it possible to remove a coaster brake from a preschooler's bike?
Basic chainset compatibility question
Heavy Rider (300lb+) - Please recommend a 26" tyre to avoid tyre pinch
Shimano Nexus 3 (SG-3C41) 2 and 3 gear problem - Ring Gear Unit Repair
Exceptions to 3/8x24 for coaster axle threads?
Chain skipping mid cassette after a clean
My rear disk brake doesn't lock in place. Don't know whether hydraulic or mechanical
My back wheel will no longer spin freely
Bicycle design for a crooked hip
Oil/lube for Shimano freehubs
How often should I clean my BMX bike?
Does Cycling Cause Erectile Dysfunction and Sterility
Lock to fit around Big Apple tyres (28x2.35)
1x Specific Chain
Adding gears to a childs trike pickle pashley
Upgrade cranks, chain, gears on a Carrera Vengeance MTB
Will the Garmin Edge Touring store an in progress ride if power is lost?
how can i determine the model of dyno brand BMX i have
What is the best way to test out a niche bike when shops rarely have them in stock?
Gazelle taillight Power Vision user manual
What groupsets are compatible with my bike?
upgrade from MF-TZ21 to 7 Speed cassette freehub
Are Shimano 10 speeds going away?
Damaged Forks on Giant Tough Road 2
Pain in right leg, related to asymmetric leg position?
Is it possible to over-clean a bike chain?
Rider height vs bike height
What road tire should I buy for my new cyclocross
Has anyone ridden fenders in a Grand Tour?
Removing a rear wheel of a town bike
Transporting a Carbon MTB
Aero wheel on front, regular on back - why?
Can't find the B-tension screw in rear derailleur
Headset bearings open to closed type
What is this spring between the fork and the frame?
shimano fc4400 double chainring replacement
How to remove pedal bolt with round, smooth head
Bike rests on brake cable while racked
Why are my quill pedal cages "wobbling"?
Do Seat Posts with Shock Absorbers Help?
Saving frayed cables?
Black threads are coming of my tire. Does it need to be replaced?
How should the chain be routed on this deraillier?
Repairing center-pulled brakes
Switching to touring bicycle: Performance considerations
Is it worth buying a second hand classic road bike for commuting?
What cage is this
How do I know when it's time to pump up my tires?
Should I stick to the fork oil weight specified?
Where can I find the complete Tour de France routes?
Flat land speed development
What is a good daytime nutrition plan for evening racing
Is it possible to see distance to a waypoint, along the current course?
Bike Tires & Tubes
Can a Shimano BR-M965 caliper be replaced with a newer one?
do I have a 26 fork using 27.5 wheel?
Rear derailleur lifespans
How can I treat an aluminium frame ready for restoration?
How to correctly mount double-lock grips?
Why do most mtb forks place the arch in front of the stanchions?
Running tires with significantly different pressures?
What to check after blowing tire off rim
New MTB tyre looks wobbly
Bottom bracket replacement advice needed for BBright BB386EVO
Can a bike wheel be damaged if it's hit by a mop?
Cutting off welded crankarm
Difference between Campagnolo quick release skewers
Compatibility of predictive steering hub with boost 110 fork
Is it possible to use a 9 speed rear shifter with 11 speed cogs/cassette? Is there a disadvantage?
How to improve my climbing?
Internal Roller Brake Problem
Kid's bike - Can I put 20" wheel on a frame that was meant for 18" wheels?
timing chain keeps dropping/derailing only with partner
Making my dream bike come true
Can this bike be saved from the rust?
Eye protection for child in bicycle child carrier
When starting to pedal, it takes half a rotation to "catch"
Will a Mishiki Pueblo Mountain 20 in frame hold my weight. I go about 330
Reassembling Shimano FH-M150 rear hub
Which components affects downhill speed?
What is the safest type of pedal for all-weather city cycling?
Modern gumwall light touring tires?
Custom Shimano 3x11 drivetrain
What are "two-tone" tubular tires called?
Rear rack or similar storage options for child's bike (16" wheels)
How to properly thread (textile) pedal straps
Single speed dirt jump specific frame for general riding
Clear coat on top of old paint in order to preserve it/frame?
What do I need to know about this rubber stopper?
In city traffic, is sitting more upright safer than more aero positions?
Is there any good software to track and compare rides using my own computer
Dimensions of Mudguard suitable for Fuji Absolute 1.9D 700mm or26.5 inch tyre
Can a tapered BB be installed in either direction?
Alfine 8 gear crunch
Bicycle Trailer pulls back wheel sideways
How to unscrew freewheel sprockets with 9 broken spokes
Are there any alternatives to Strava?
How tight should your stem valve nut be?
Would Tri-Bars be advantageous for a 260 mile 2 day event
Chain replacement - how many links 114/116?
Bike chain slips off sprocket as I pedal during repairs. Any idea why?
Frame Or Paint Crack (Cannondale Super Six Carbon)
Jump start electric bike?
Trouble balancing when starting
Will putting bicycle bottles in dishwasher damage them?
2 broken spokes same side, can I replace with one from the other side?
Loading front wheel in a sharp turn?
Should an amateur attempt truing a wheel
How do I keep smallest gear on my crank shaft from contacting frame
Heart rate monitors for Cycling
What handling differences should I expect when moving from a bike to a Recumbent Trike?
Asymmetric pedaling?
Potential risks of sitting upright on the saddle during a daily commute
Can I under inflate bike tires to reach a 15 percent drop?
Repair fork or get new one?
Speed to power calc on a 'basic' magnetic trainer
Windshield on a bike
Why do many full face bicycle helmets not conform to the ASTM F1952 standard?
Shifter only uses first 4 gears
Bicycle wall rims
Nerve pain and "handedness"—is it common for your dominant hand to be more susceptible to nerve problems?
Fork replacement for '95 Schwinn Moab
Piston problem, not responsive
Where to find a 14.4 mm long and 16.9 mm wide hub cone?
can I use my road bike off road?
Top up hydraulic brake fluid?
Replacing a rear wheel
Upgrade compnents to fix "Everest" brand BSO/MTB
What is the best pedalling technique to heal and prevent patellar tendonitis?
Is it useful to design a pedal with kickstand?
new 9-speed chain fails after 4 weeks and ~240 miles
Why is track cycling done counter-clockwise?
How do I determine shock compatibility?
What tools should I carry around to replace the tube on a bike with bolt-on wheels while on the road?
Shifting problems after removing and replacing rear wheel
What are the benefits of drop bars?
Will a "700 x 25-32cc" inner tube fit my "700Cx28/38c" / "ETRTO 622x20" rim?
How do I find chainrings?
How can a Mavic freehub stop working after cleaning?
How to haul 3 recumbent trikes by car
Itinerary suggestions for a weeklong trip along New York and Vermont Borders
Never used a repair stand before. Wondering how much they can handle
Park Tool MT-40 with 11 speed chain
Choosing the right bike size
New bottom bracket, asymmetric cranks
Is a long distance ride by an Amateur possible?
On a bmx headset could an integrated bearing set be replaced with a caged bearing set?
Tektro Novela MD-M311 mechanical disc brake replacement
Determine miles on a bike
Can it be estimated when it would actually be beneficial to increase drag in tailwind?
How to true 16 spokes front Campagnolo scirocco 35
Have I damaged my tyres?
How to learn wheelie on MTB
Training Tires or racing tires
Will hydraulic brakes work with vertical underseat recumbent handlebars?
How much steerer tube length do I need on my suspension fork
Training to become a good cyclist
How to choose MTB bike tyre: hookless, tubular or clincher?
Livestream 16 hour bike race
Cleaned wheel, V-brakes are now moaning
Best season to get a Bike on clearance
Carry road bike inside an SUV
What to pack for small 500km touring?
Shimano Nexus 3 coaster brake screeching sound
How to Remove Specialized OSBB Aluminum Inner Shell
Eating during a 170 mile ride
Are all forks the same size i.e 1 1/8th inch?
Bike size confusion
Efficient bike parking/storage that younger kids can handle?
Did I purchase the correct brakes for my Huffy bike?
My Serfas USL-5 raider usb headlight failed after rain, should I attempt user service?
Tighten vision metron aero brake lever
What is causing this chain clicking noise?
Vibrations in one of the pedals
Patched up my tire and still lost air again
Why is 53/39 known as "standard" for road bikes?
Eating while biking
Will running hydraulic brake levers upside down affect performance
Other than chain length, what are the limitations to the number of gear teeth?
Fender/mudguard that detaches with front wheel, is there such a thing?
What are the horizontal slots/tabs on the back of some saddles for?
Indoor cyclist keeps popping out of clips
9-speed Sora w/discs to 11-speed 105 - What Sora bits can I keep?
Lifting a road bike by one of the seat stays ok?
What do the numbers on the mantle mean?
What is the best time to cycle during the day (traffic)?
Is it advisable to travel 11 miles one way to office every day
Derailleur adjustment: front or rear first?
hydraulic brakes not working very fast
How to loosen stiff kids brakes
What road hub makes the least amount of noise
Does ideal cadence depend on a rider's weight/size at all?
Posture on mountain bike long term
How fast can you go over speed breakers?
Can I modify a slightly too big bike?
How to remove old kickstand
Upgrade to disc brakes
How do to tension and true a rear wheel with a warped rim?
Road tyres on mtb?
Planning to purchase a road bike
Welding mounting plates on mountain bike frame
Bicycle trailer wheel size
Russian "Turist" bike look alike
Shimano Cassette 10 Speed Teeth Selection
Hydraulic Disc Brake Pad Replacement
Steel Frame Creaks while Braking
I have a bicycle that is yet to have been identified by anyone
Unknown Balfa Road Bike
Shifter cable broke down: misuse, lack of maintenance, shifter or regular occurrence?
Carrying a child and balance bike on my bike
When does a Marathon Plus tire (not) need replacing?
How do I bend my rear derailleur hanger (part of frame) back into place
Are there any major drawbacks to using a track frame as a frame for a fixed-gear or single-speed commuter?
3 week old brand new Montra Rock 1.0 front gears don't change as well chain slips frequently
Disc brakes stop working after a wash
Hybrid bike - would like to switch to a single front chainring, what are my options?
Is it normal for seat stays on new CAAD12 frame to be slightly warped/not straight?
How to disassemble free hub shell?
Conversion 9 spd to 10 spd
Can old, stiff friction shifters be made serviceable?
Information on Peugeot Anjou model?
What to do about a broken rear derailleur inner cage plate?
Headset bearing size
Finding a serial # 1952 Schwinn Panther
What is the meaning of multiple front derailleur clamp measurements?
What to do when a car turns into a side road (etiquette)?
Should I ask for my money back - crack in Titanium frame
Why are my disk brakes rubbing when wet and not dry?
Bike pulses while applying the front brake. I'm unsure what the cause is
Internal cable routing blocked on '80s steel frame. What are my options?
Mechanism behind chain wear phases
Combining a Dynamo hub with a single speed geared hub setup
Possible cause for Google Maps / bicycle odometer divergence (tire size setting correct)
What can I use for interior helmet padding?
Why does my rear cassette feel like it's jumping when I put pressure on small cog?
Map app for avoiding gravel roads
I have bike tires that read 26 x 1.95. Does that mean I need a 26-inch tube?
Seat post size on Schwinn Loop
Which jockey wheel on top?
Building a traveling bike, frames and components: where to buy in Europe
Bike Fit Confusion
My chain is catching on a part for which I don't even know the name
Tires shedding black threads
Inner tube blows up due to rim holes
How to understand tyre sizes?
Bicycle tire date decode
Replacing Trek front suspension fork
My brakes get mushy under heavy pressure
Tall rider - good cockpit/body position for downhill
Leaving lock on the parking rack - is this rude?
Am I ready for a century?
What bottom bracket fits a Truvativ E450 crank?
Can a carrera valor mountain bike be converted to disk brakes?
stop air leak when disconnecting inflator from presta valve
Ants infestation on bicycle
S3 direct mount screw specifications
Ordered a pair of Fizik R4s a size too big. Will it make a difference?
How much longer will my 10 year old frame last?
Do all 10-speed chains fit 3x10?
Packing bikes to send overseas
Is there a type of bottle cage that doesn't scratch bottles?
Road Bike Wheel Replacement
Replacement cassette for Schwinn Jaguar 7-speed?
Rear wheel won't move or keeps falling off
Avid juicy three piston popped out when bleeding without block
Stripped threads on left crank on the first ride
Schnell Flame Suspension Configuration
Uncut steerer tubes too short for 21" Frames
Indexing 6 sprocket rear derailleur, having trouble reaching largest sprocket
When should a disc brake be replaced?
Need I mount my wheel flush to the top of my fork ends?
Replace my stock crankset and cassette for a 22-32-42t crankset and a 11-40t cassette on recumbent trike?
Found at an Estate sale
The sprocket wheel on my Shimano Nexus 7(SG-R46) no longer rotates freely when free-wheeling my bike
What is the advantage of a "compact crankset" vs changing a chainring?
Can I convert a 1x9 speed Madsen kg271 cargo bike to a 2 or 3 x 9?
Are all folding pedals a bit... bendy?
What kind of German bike is this?
Headset wobble after tightening
Do I need a different bottom bracket?
How can I check if my bike is safe for touring?
Semi-slick 29x2.4 (or larger) tires
Choosing new tires: can't find my size on schwalbe site
Bottom bracket creak
How strong is the remote lockout on rock shox?
I slightly wrecked my bike - looking for parts - how do I start?
Changed shifters and chain isn't in same spot
Modded folding bike and strange chain skipping on most gears
Does removing spacers require a refit?
Frame manufacturer not covering crack as saying it was crash damage
Disassembling crank on a 2006 Trek Pilot 2.1
Fork trail vs chainstay length in steering
Which countries have employed rail biking in their armed forces?
Any drills for looking while riding?
Foot shifting while pedalling
What is this frame feature for?
What parts needed with new chainring?
New puncture resistant tires punctured after 2 min ride
When in a UCI race, does the helmet have to be to be fitted properly
MTB front and rear shimano derailleur: which shifters for drop bars?
What is a sensible user service schedule for a professional work bike in non loaded applications such as food delivery?
Hand signal before braking: a thing?
Power Output at different Air Densities
Shimano 6 speed cassette
Can I ride on 15 spokes instead of 16?
Is there a technique/tool to assist with rear derailleur high, low, and index alignment?
Odd screw on brake disc
Do one-sided clip-in pedals have a bit more friction and inefficiency than alternatives?
Spokes popping, chains jumping gears while not shifting and derailing when shifting, etc
What does "HX" mean on a KMC chain?
Power washing a bicycle
How old is this rear steer skip tooth tandem?
Why do spokes loosen?
mounting disk brake caliper problem: wheel doesn't spin freely, rubs outside pad, and caliper already as far to outside as possible
What is the difference b/w dropout diameter(9mm) and 3/8"(9.478mm) Tpi bicycle axles
Drivetrain squeaky birdsong
Road fork, tire clearance for 700x28 tyre
Seeking suggestion for headset and bottom bracket press
How does the frame split on the 2016 Novara Gotham belt-drive bike work?
What kind of frame and brakes are these?
Tour de Trump/Tour DuPont routes?
How can I prevent rubber handlebar grips from melting/disintegrating?
Compact crankset to 1x
Campagnolo rear mech with Sram groupset
Better to go with a longer spindle length bottom bracket or shorter?
Where to get new front brake release for Fuji Sports 12
Need Help Deciding What to Do With Bent Front Rim
Schwinn Meridian trike not pedaling
Which bicycle cameras are suitable for all weather 11+ hours food delivery cyclists
Replace Regina valve with Presta
How do I encourage fellow riders not to yell in residential areas early in the morning?
Purpose of this hinge component found on the pinch-bolt of front brake?
New wheels for Trek 7.3
Can these shifters be fixed? Scratches?
Is it possible to increase maximum seatpost insertion length by filing down a seat tube bottle cage mount boss?
Bike site and links
Chain slip causes bent derailleur
Keeping shirts crease free when commuting
Mountain bike saddle rails extension
Why do cyclocross/touring bikes seem to have longer top tubes than road bikes?
Component(gearing) upgrade question
The name of my frame
Older rims, newer tires
Changing 700x35C tires with 25mm?
Crack in frame near forks
Stock 10 Speed Shifters with 9 Speed Transmission
Can a belt driven bike be used in a hilly area?
Should I seal the open spoke holes on my front rim?
Can someone help me to identify this bike model
How to find compatable cassette for older Shimano
Loose brake cable hook bushing inside the brake/shifter hood
Front derailleur adjustment question: what to adjust
ideal chain replacement for Redline monocog 29er
How do I buy a used bike?
Cassette jerks chain forward intermittently
New Tektro Novela Disc Brakes
Need help identifying adult tricycle
Broken Cogset-Back Wheel will not turn when pedaling
What are rotary gears? Sturmey Archer 3 Speed
Regina Extra Freewheel or Cassette
Change gear on a shimano Schwinn Ranger, not sure what Allen key size to use?
New bottom bracket and crankset - what spindle length?
Lighter bicycle locks not made of steel
Recommendation for tracking device
Town bike intermittently harder to pedal
Adding suspension forks to rigid bicycle
How can I teach an 18 year old girl to ride again? (Not ridden since 7)
Are advantages of a 11/28T cassette noticeable over a 14/28T cassette?
Are tall bikes more efficient?
Which e-bike kit should I choose? Hub vs chain driven (hilly terrain)
700c 28er - same as 29er?
TdF - Mountain stages without a front derailleur?
How to keep bikes safe while camping with a car
Best rear derailleur for a Schwinn ranger?
Single Speed vs Multi Speed
SR Suntour CR9 suspension cartridge removal
Problem with chain skipping when pedaling hard
Something clicks while pedaling
Part of chain link broken
Frame with bottle cage boss ripped out - how serious is the damage?
Cannot get chain link out
Preventing staining of clothes when carrying bike
Minimum training maximum outcome
Presta Valves keep failing
cancer survivor and fitness
Can I use a 3x10 shifter/brake lever on a 3x8 bike?
What is the difference between Light and Motion's Urban 800 Chainbreaker and Urban 800 Anchor Steam bike lights?
At what speed does Aerodynamics of a bike come into play?
Shimano R785 140mm options
some resources for a bianchi
Can I just fit a cassette with more gears with the same derailleur?
Gipiemme Parade Wheels Strange Noise
Find or fabricate a metal bracket for bicycle trailer
Front Derailleur stays on smallest chain ring
Freezing headset cups to ease installation - does this actually work?
How tolerant is the range of front derailleurs?
Changing out suspension forks for non suspension forks
How beneficial is it to swap bikes?
Chain Slips off Front Gearset
What is the model of my bike
Does it harm if my bike to leave it in a workstand for 2 weeks?
How to remove skid marks from fabric
Shimano brakeset hood model compatibility
Should I change the tire and tube or can it be patched?
Name of a certain modern rear-derailleur part at upper end of pivot
Front wheel tube slowly leaks air
Mongoose front rim size
For Biking do Sneakers offer any advantage over Sandals?
Rear Derailleur - getting stuck in largest rear cog
Is it possible to get distance travelled without gps
click noise from chainrings
What are the best MTB Tennis Shoes ? (without clippers)
Are MIPS helmets compatible with helmet mount lights or cameras?
Choose medium or long cage?
Joe Blow bike pump failures in one way valve
Replacement seatpost clamp for Saturae seatpost
Why do men's bicycles have a top tube while women's bicycles don't?
Clutch rear derailleur vs chain tensioner / guide
What is the problem with adjusting brake levers to end their travel "too close" to the handlebars?
Finding Bicycle Parts
Is the fit wrong on my road bike or is my body too stiff / inflexible?
Where and when was my Schwinn Traveler made?
mixed MTB/road bike for touring: uncleanliness of a Frankenstein setup
Rear-steer tandem with middle child saddle
9s rear deraullier with 10s chain
Rebuild Gary Fisher Mullet rear derailleur
9 speed cassette to put 42 teeth
Servicing/fixing an Ultegra bar end shifter
How thin/worn out can you allow road bike rims to get?
How to ride when the weather is hot?
Burley trailer hitch noise
A pin punctured my tyre. Should I only replace the inner tube, or patch the outer, rubber tyre?
Should I remove unused screws from my frame?
Tire size change
Are there two Raleigh bicycle companies?
Whats the trick with the thump?
Bicycle for commuting to office
What ingredients are necessary in a sports drink when you must drink a lot?
How do I know what size tyres can I fit on my rims?
Stripped thread on steerer. Who is at fault - me or LBS?
shifting (hah!) from downtube to integrated shifters
EZ-1 Super Cruiser Weight limit
Nexus 3 Speed Hub Up Steeper Hills Turns Weird
Does a bike helmet without chin straps make any sense?
How much does it cost to race in the Tour de France?
Why is the British version of "tire" is "tyre"?
Can anyone identify this bike?
What the difference between k050 and k124
How do I work out tube and rim strip size
Is it safe to use aluminium seatpost adapter (27.2mm to 31.6mm) for a carbon frame?
Will tubeless tires out-perform my Armadillos on my commute?
Best way to get rid of a "squeaky" bike?
Advice for resuming riding after illness?
What type of brake pads should I run on my Shimano RS80 C24 wheels?
Disc brake system for downhill and dirt trail
New Bike + Disc Brake Shuddering: Cause and Fix?
Identify this frame year and build
How should an unattached SunRace R90 bar end shifter behave?
Designing Bike Trailers – Especially the hitch and load
Mixing Groupsets: Front & Rear
What Innertube is needed for my Schwinn Men's Volare 1200 Bike, 700c, Grey
Rear sprocket clicks or points of engagement
Rear derailleur noise in big/big combination
Maxing out on gears
Shimano M355 brake handle parts
(Dis-)Advantage of 2 chainrings / 3 chainrings
Bedding In process for brakes
Front Disc Brake not braking to it's full potential
Protecting bikes from elements when traveling suspended on hitch bike rack
Dahon Vitesse frame latch
Why do low-quality bikes have horizontal dropouts, even though they aren't fixed speed?
How does hub diameter affect aerodynamics?
2 wheeled trailer - wheel position/weight distribution
Do you need to ride gentler with a dynamo hub?
How to replace Avid BB7 brake pads in "new" calipers?
Which grease is for what?
How do 55/34 chainrings shift
Helmet headband is getting wet from sweat
Does the extra cage on SPD pedals help riding with normal shoes?
Straightening bladed spokes
Can I change from a 26 x1.95 tire to a 26 x 1.75 tire on the same rim?
How to avoid showering twice when cycling to and from work?
which app for virtual training shows real images of the current location taken from google street view?
Weight distribution while cornering for maximum grip on road bike
Gear change sticking only on specific changes - cable issue?
Single disc brake front of SS bike?
What is a good replacement for my MF-Z012 6 speed wind on cassette?
carbon vs aluminium frame vibration absorption? bumpiness?
Navigating on tour / in urban areas
Can anyone identify this Raleigh bike?
New Continental Hardshells
Why is my chain slipping/dropping on the smallest chainring when pressure is applied?
Rubber on wall mounted bike hooks is wearing away. What can I use to cover them so my wheels don't get scratched?
How to remove this eccentric bottom bracket?
Normal for derailleur to make noises?
Starting again my 9 miles challenge
Major Problem: 135mm rear spacing road touring frame with shimano 5800 11 speed cassette?
Where to sleep while touring southern Ontario?
Changing crankset - axle length
Rear brake doesn't work
Shimano RS785 hydraulic disc brake caliper will not reset
Finding which gear on my bike is closest to a single-gear bike
bottom bracket clunking noise
Raleigh M20 with broken rear derailleur
Were the 1970s bikes from Motoconfort the same as those from Motobecane?
How to convert my lotus 2000r into a single speed
Prevent disused brakes getting stuck
Wobbly splined cranks, yet bolts are very tight
Is it alright to put a 25mm tube in a 23mm tyre?
What are the considerations before buying a Full Suspension bike (India)?
Can anyone tell me how pedelec sensor in PAS bicycles work?
Cycling app that uploads to Nike Plus?
Can I change a 26" to a 24" tire on a Huntington Schinn Women's tire?
Replacement bottom bracket for Shimano XT FC-M785 crankset
Periscope style mirrors for road bike
Shimano Sis Bar-end Shifters on a Shimano Deore xt derailleur
can anyone help i.d. this bike?
Can anyone identify the model/year of this Montgomery Ward bicycle?
5 Gears usable out of 6
Difference between various Campagnolo rear derailleur tension adjustment screws
My chain on my 9 speed is slipping
How bad is a bent rim, how to deal with it and how urgent and dangerous is it?
Are two different tires marked with the same dimensions (700 x 25c) the same size?
How do i tighten the steering on this type of head?
Are there any adjustments for hydraulic brakes?
Shimano Tourney (SL-RS36) 3 speed indexing wrong
Can I put a lower geared cassette on my bike?
can I use an aluminium seatpost to install a tagalong on a carbon fiber frame?
Quill stem diameter not matching the fork...possible to get around this?
Removing square taper bottom bracket cartridge after stripping notches
Is frame number the same thing as serial number?
Replacement for SR Suntour XCC, 48/38/28T, 170mm alloy crankarms?
Front derailleur cable tension too high with Acera shifter and Ultegra derailleur
Where can I buy chinese road group set?
What's the story of Shimano PD-T780 Deore XT Pedals?
Which electrolyte is most important for century rides?
Highest gear much harder to pedal after repair - did the repair break something?
Dual water bottle brackets on a single frame mount?
Right vs Left Crank Power Transfer Efficiency
Non standard disk brake post mount
How could I find out about my bicycle brand/model?
How to upgrade disc brake size
8 speed cassette increased from 25 to 30
Swapping 1994-95 Diamond back sport response components out
Road cyclist keeps popping out of speedplay pedals
How to I make my rim brakes stop making loud ugly noises ?
How can I remove the small slitted nuts to open an old rear hub?
Drafting in small triathlon
What valves are these?
Rubber sealing in the TRP Spyre brake cable
Rim brakes causing vibration and 'honking' noise, like a flock of angry geese
Cycling distance per day
Is it ever useful to use lubricating grease with EP additives anywhere on a bike?
Is the shifter really broken?
Should I put grease on the surfaces of a back pedal internal brake?
When I pedal the back wheel doesn't turn
Locking Skewer slipping from rear wheel dropout
securing disk brakes against theft in a low-visibility locked bike room
Red light facing forwards?
How do I remove this crank?
Can I use a seat-post clamp/collar on the seat-post itself to prevent slipping?
Noise when pedalling
mtb deraileur for 1998 s-works (8 speed)
Has anyone here ever threaded the left end of a rear hub? (To add a left-side freewheel)
Downsize Chainring
Cross tires that work on street and trail
Aero Bars vs The Drops
How to pass another bicycle in a bike lane
E Bike speeding (>32km/hr) Penalty?
Cyclopark Sportive Kent
Slow leak that fixed itself?
Pedal extensions for one-legged bikers
How to tighten a Fox Thru Axle, Cam Lever/QR Skewer?
Constant flat tires in past year
Will I damage my brakes if I remove the dual brakes?
Riding fast on an MTB
How to prevent trailer hitch bracket rotation?
Does more gear inches on a folding bikes work better?
What is the optimum location / offset of a derailleur hanger vs axle?
What's the purpose of the boot on a v-brake?
Places with car roads turned into bike roads
Whats the best advice to progress onto TT bars?
What size is the upper bearing on a 2013 Trek Speed Concept 7.0?
Is there an online bike map for the Grand Rounds bike trail in Minnesota?
Adaptation of Regular Bike to Disc brakes
What brand of bar tape does Raleigh use on brand new bikes?
Can I convert my v-brakes to cartridges?
How can I find out what's clicking on my bike?
Which cassette removal tool do I need?
Torpedo duomatic stuck in one gear because of too much grease. How to lubricate correctly?
Where do people in Netherlands wash their bikes?
How tight should the tandem front chain be?
Help in figuring out a replacement rear wheel for Huffy Savannah 27"
Chain not running straight at the front
Cyclocross Road Tire
Touring on a Tri bike?
Is there any difference between silver/brown/painted bike chains?
Why do track bikes vary between events?
What are good vegan diet resources for bicyclists?
How should I gear a 12" wheel on an adult bike?
Tips for improving commute efficiency/comfort?
App to use Mobile phone (samsung S4 mini) as bicycle computer
how to identify chain type
Dull pain in knees
Coaster brake brakes itself
Can I change my tyre size from a 20x2.20 to a 20x2.30 with out changing my rims
Increase teeth on cassette from 11-32t to 11-34t 9 speed
Dynamic stability of a tricycle
Shifting Problems
Chinese carbon clinchers - cheap but safe?
Campagnolo EPS vs Shimano Di?
Saddle adjustment
Can I use silicon spray to lubricate my hybrid cycle chain?
What are the ESSENTIAL tools to do a basic strip and rebuild?
135mm rear spacing with road crankset?
Carbon Frame Ding
Rode on a flat tire - how do I check for possible damage?
Can I swap freehub bodies?
How to mount TT shifters and TT brake levers together?
Alternative for Schwalbe Kojak 35-584 tire
i need to replace both wheels on a Giant Escape3 which are compatable?
Do pedals come in widths?
How does this front shock design work?
Can storing bicycles upside-down damage hydraulic brakes?
Hydraulic brakes not working
Cantilever brakes gets very weak if it rains
How do I know which spokes to get for my wheel?
Bike weight limits, fatter tyre for more weight?
What is the best bicycle brake system
How to measure pedal axle/spindle size?
Can an individual gear/cog on the rear cassette be replaced?
Looking for 26 x 1.6 tires is there an alternative.
Replacing fork and hydraulic brakes
Is this change normal?
How tiring is riding the bullhorns?
How long can I ride my bike with a worn cassette?
How to fix a rim, that bent vertically inwards?
Top men's and women's winners Olympics mtn bikes
How can I carry a heavy bag without a rack?
Replacing 8 speed with 9speed
Upside-down Fork vs Traditional Fork
Identifying an eccentric bottom bracket?
How to gauge pressure w/ Presta valve and Schrader adapter?
how can I fix an uneven hydraulic disk brake set
Any tricks to disassembling an Easton R4 rear hub?
What parts do I need to replace for my bike?
Is it Smart to buy a carbon mountainbike?
Adjusting wobbly handlebars
How do specific tubeless valves compare to bodging it with a cut-off tube valve?
How do I make a mountain bike go faster (commuting)
Inconsistent shifting issues after changing wheel
Increase the height of my handlebars to reduce back pain
Clipless pedals for my 9 year old
What factors influence how easy it is to track-stand a bike?
Replacement for Suntour Superbe Tech Rear Derailleur
Can I use a hollow rear axle without a quick release shaft?
Are cable housings different for road/MTB/urban bikes?
Why does my bike feel slow, hard to ride and wobblier now?
Crank set removal tool too small
Upper pulley on rear derailleur (jockey?) very close to cassette?
Replacement crankset SRAM 3x for 10 cogs
Other commuters riding too close
"Tinking" Sound on my Force 22 PF 30, Ridley Fenix?
Bottom bracket tool for Shimano BB-R60 Ultegra 6800/105 5800 Hollowtech ii?
how much cable beyond the pinch bolt
Can I use Shimano 105's brakes with vintage bike?
Is this suspension fork user-serviceable?
Brake lever compatibility
Tiagra 4703 74mm bcd, 4 bolt small chainring
Have I incorrectly fed chain into the rear mech hanger
Touring as a noob... Daily duration and distance?
Improve my riding experience
Can adjusting handlebar height help reduce hand numbness?
Inner tube for 27 x 1 1/8 bike
PSI and tube size
Winter riding: Is it safe to ride on a BSO/cheap bike at temperatures below -15°C on icy or damp roads?
SCOTT Scale 710 Tires
trek road bike puncture and then gears stop working advice needed?
Installing fat bike tires on a BSO for winter riding(condition of averaging -23 C for 2*17km). Is it doable, safe?
How to replace a spoke on a rim with no spoke holes?
How to mount a compact pump onto a full-suspension frame?
Bike keeps suddenly changes gears w/o me shifting
Shoe Arch Support
hybrid bike ... too small? risks?
Standing up, worth practising for a casual cyclist?
Is climbing easier on a light road bike or one with lower minimum gearing?
What is this "missing security cable"?
MTB hub with different size flanges?
What to do with too many old bike parts and frames to count
Specialized Cycle Computer?
Disk Brakes on Nishiki Pueblo
Can I estimate tyre pressures on a road bike?
Do the disc brakes fit?
Should I buy a CX bike or a Road bike?
Abus Folding Lock: Adding Dampening to Joints
What size frame size will best fit me, 36" inseam
What brand is this (maybe Eastern) frame? Is it good for a first bike?
Another front friction shifter problem
Left crank cracks when the left pedal is pressed
Strange long squeal sound when I pedal hard - how to track this down?
Native BB30 crankset or adapted Shimano?
Do fat cyclists bonk?
Seat shim dimensions for Brompton
Road bike for 6 Foot
How to distribute weight properly in this situation?
How to hold rear derailleur sprocket arm extended
Rear derailleur adjustment needed? Should the rear derailleur pulleys hang perfectly straight down below cassette rings?
Single speed to multi-speed conversion with internal gear hub
Can I use a 27.5 fork on a original 29er (2015 Cannondale Tramount 3)?
Do I have a genuine GT frame, even though it's not engraved or stamped with the GT logo?
Presta Valve Pin + Core Problem
What cadence saves power when climbing?
Crank arm fell off
Why is standing more common on hills than on flats?
How do I remove this Ksyrium hub body?
Salvaging valuable parts from a broken vintage bike
Just how much difference does your bike make?
Can the HED Tomcat wheels be made stronger?
Is it possible to avoid anaerobic 'burn' on ascents?
Convert MTB tire to thin tire
How does weight influence your speed when descending?
Do cartridge BB's have both ends removeable?
Do I need new chainring bolts?
Rekindling a love for cycling after an accident
Are deore 9 speed shifters compatible with Alivio & Altus derailleurs?
Road bike tyre size for a mountain bike
Dangers of commuting outside town to work
Do crank arm pullers vary in sizes or there is just one size?
35km commute possible?
Will trailer be my best option? If not, what is?
Replace mystery front derailleur
How much slower are big tires?
Can you replace cyclocross (or road bike) handlebars with mountain bike handlebars?
Brake pads fall out of the caliper and stuck between the caliper and the disk
How much should a wallet friendly entry level road bike weigh?
When using the front brake, should I always move my weight to the back or is just bracing with arms is sufficient?
Do I really need two bikes - one for road cycling and one for daily use?
Minor but persistent saddle sore - Safe to continue riding?
Bicycle designed for one-arm usage?
How to open the top cover of a Shimano Tourney ST EF 41?
Does a crank arm Power Meter measure power in both directions?
How to choose the right size bike?
Commuting to work for the first time, what do I need to bring?
What are the key components to compare and contrast when deciding between hardtail mountain bikes?
Sociable quadracycle build. Disc brake rotor size?
What type of bicycle parking rack should my company install?
Fitter suggested too short a stem
How would I find a LeMond head badge?
Understanding width of tires
one-side Axle vs regular Axle
Magicshine MJ-872 disassembly
What should I do with a cracked titanium Lemond Tete De Course frame?
What is a good bike-to-lock ratio in price?
Carbon Fibre Frame Paint Chip from Stuck chain
Shimano Dura Ace FC7900 crankset with 11 speed group?
How to repair ripped Ortlieb pannier
Could somebody please identify this bicycle?
Which parts of a bike have reversed (left-handed) threads?
What is the best way to protect frame from dents during crashes?
Bmx tire hole. Won't pump up!
Minimum insert for stem: line or arrow
What will the difference in speed be between an endurance geometry road bike and a race geometry road bike?
Where do springs on skewer go?
What do the conical springs in quick releases actually do?
Maximum carbon steer tube length?
Help Identify North Woods "6 Speed" Tandem?
Deflated tube: Is it me, or it is the rim tape?
MT 8000 rings with 105 5800 set up
9 speed derailleur on 7 speed cassette?
Weird discolouration of carbon frame
Pedals no longer increase speed after a relatively low speed
Which is ideal road-bike size for a person with height 5'9.5"?
What should I be concerned about changing out wheelsets on a Ritchey Cross bike?
Rear derailleur low limit adjustment changes under load
How to know when to bleed a hydraulic disk brake / tips for improving disk brake performance?
Does chain tension change how hard/easy it is to pedal?
How can I bleed my hydraulic disc brakes without buying a kit?
Dealing with cars harassing cyclists in the US
How is fat bike traction on icy roads compared to a mountain bike?
"Racing bikes" with fenders and a rack
How long do new tyres last off the bike?
Effects of jockey wheel sizes & types
How long do helmets last?
My rear wheel is bent. How do I know which replacement rim would work?
Can I intentionally overfill my hydraulic brakes to adjust contact point?
Upgrading my Schwinn
Best type of tire for bikepacking
How to fix raised shoulder posture?
Can I use a Shimano XT 11-gear derailleur with a 10 ring cassette on a mountainbike?
Incrediably stiff rear downshifts
why can't you use park tool shift cable cutter to cut hydraulic cable
Bike hub sealed bearing
Is my bike too big for me?
Bike pedal not working
Compatibility question
What does the truing "release tension" step do?
Hybrid Bike tire selection
What do the numbers on my hub mean?
Can't get over 50psi in bike wheel
When did Square Taper Bottom Brackets retire from racing?
Scratches on fork stanchions
Milian Pere - Brompton child seat - installation instructions
Is this wheel built incorrectly?
Presta valve in a Schrader rim hole: How to use / do I need a rim hole reducer?
Rim brakes are howling , what do I do?
Campagnolo Record Headset
Why might my inner tubes be getting consistently punctured?
Would a backpack or cargo rack be better for commuting?
What is this skip-tooth bike?
Can a Shimano BL-M425 brake lever be used with a BR-M615 caliper?
How to waterproof Shimano dynamo connector?
Why are disk brakes not completely round on the outside?
Mystery leak from brake caliper. What to do?
Press fit bottom bracket replacement
Preparing for long term storage (2 years)
How do I increase my cycling duration or distance limits?
Convert fixed side of flip flop hub to freewheel
Railroad Power lines interfering with Heart rate Monitor
What use does a Heart Rate Monitor have if you have a Powermeter?
Bottom bracket lock ring loose - how should I tighten it
Why do my rear caliper cable becomes loose after some squeezes in the brake lever?
Newbie Question: What do speeds mean on chains?
Gear Inches Optimal For Steep Hill Climbs
Road Bike overhaul
How should I adjust fenders/mudguards that catch on the tires?
Why do some bicycles have much bigger wheels than most motorcycles?
How bike computer wheel circumference change affects speed
drilling hole in carbon frame
Unidentifiable metal bracket part I received with my tandem bicycle which didn't come with instructions.
700ccx28 rims with 25 tread and 28/32 tube does it work?
Merino or non-merino socks?
Is there any problem with running tubeless on non-tubeless rims?
Need help with picking right shoes for riding my new bike
Does the superman style have any chance to be seen in competition?
Do older Dawes cycles use standard components?
What are the disadvantages of securing your foot to the pedal?
Use a 3x10 front derailleur on a 9sp setup
Can you please help me Identify my Bike?
Do deep section wheels sound different?
Using cyclocross tires for winter riding
Can you open the trunk with the Saris Bones 2 trunk rack attached?
Foster Brake + Through Axle
ACERA VS STX RC
How to choose the right hydration pack for me
Mid-bar brakes for only rear wheel?
Can a chainstay's length vary?
Could I have deformed the wheel of my new bike by being too heavy?
Should Max Heart Rate be sport dependant in cycling?
Can i convert my Road bike to a Fixed Gear bike?
Claris front shifter with mtb derailleurs?
Tightening straight spokes
I cannot find a barrel adjuster on my bike
Conceptual: Bike Lights built into Grips
Cyclocross frame size question
Lemond Revolution
Is it possible to mount Shimano Ultegra 6870 Di2 on a 2012 Cannondale SuperSix?
Dawes Galaxy OLN and horizontal dropouts
Old Steel Rebuild
Buying a bike: Older, used high-quality components or new average-quality components?
Is a fitting worthwhile for me?
Strategy for safe spoke removal
Are brake lever reach limit screws necessary for any reason?
Why does my bike make noise in certain gears?
How to pick a crank puller?
Single bolt seat clamp slipping
Luggage rack - upper fastener broken. Can it be repaired?
Pavement riding in Scotland
Is it possible to add disc brakes to a bike with caliper brakes?
Asymmetric wheel. Which side should the "asymmetry" be on?
Are there any clip-on fenders that provide as full coverage as bolt-on fenders?
Help identifying a Bianchi track frame
How to indicate you are going straight?
Chain skip on new chain. Cassette has only 3200 km on it
Hydraulic disc brakes and road shifters
Why is my stem shim angled?
Is cycling in the Netherlands without a helmet safer than cycling with a helmet in the USA?
What is, by police standards, considered legally walking versus riding bicycle?
Shimano 8515 question
How does a double effect pump work?
increase highest upper ratio with gear hub
How to clean sticky brake dust from carbon fiber fork?
Why use embrocation versus just oil?
Protecting jeans from saddle rub?
Is there a spoke light that is ultrabright?
Is it worth it to repair or is it better to buy?
Rear light with failure warning
Am I using the crank extractor correctly?
What is the difference between the different oils for a suspension?
Hydraulic brake not retracting sufficiently off the disk?
How to keep glasses dry in the rain?
How can you find parts for a discontinued bike - in this case, a 2004 Specialized mountain bike
Safety of lateral (flexible) flags to prevent cars from passing too closely and signaling
How many miles should I ride each day to prepare for a 66 mile ride in 6 days time?
How do I force my body to use triglycerides while training?
What qualities of bicycle bearing grease?
Advice needed: cleaning / restoring parts on a vintage Peugeot
What is the most effective way to upgrade my Cervelo S2?
Barrel Adjuster hard to use and loose
Polite way to ride in the dark
How can I prevent glasses fogging when cycling in the cold with face covered
Hybrid bike for speed
How can I find my wheel size
Shimano Hub LED lights working sporadically
Seatpost clamp sizing issues?
Upgrading stock front derailleur - Will Shimano Deore work with 3x7 gearing?
Converting from MTB style levers to STI
Adjusting road brake levers
Terratrike tour II 24 gear cycle
Get off bike on crosswalk?
MTB crankset change, large ring from 42 to 48 teeth
Shimano 11-Speed Freehub onto 10-Speed Hub
Can this crank arm be saved?
27.5 x 2.00 tyre, is different width a problem
Does a spinning class fixed wheel bike affect real world form?
Is it possible to convert Deore Crankset FC-M612 to single speed?
Shimano 8/9/10 speed freehub conversion to 11 speed does not appear possible due to changed spline pattern
Can you run 52/39 chain rings with an 11/32 cassette?
Bike Rack (w/hitch) - Any easy-to-remove anti-wobble bolts/pins?
Single Speed/Fixie Wheels with cup and cone bearings
Rear Flat Tire Repetition Mystery
How to pick mountain bike pedals (platform)?
What are the benefits of joining a team/club and when to join?
How to determine correct bearing size for Quando hub?
What is the proper position for quick-release levers?
Convert a compact (double) to a triple front chain ring
Method to detach a kickstand bracket stuck to bike frame?
Maximise exercise benefits
10/11 speed freehub compatibility
What brand is this bike seat logo?
Poor gear changing
Are road bike saddles more comfortable in the drops?
How to brake without falling during wet weather?
How to polish a steel fork?
Would a MTB frame be too long if fitted with drop handlebars to build an adventure bike?
1x11 speed road bike conversion
Identify this hub (similar to a Sturmey Archer rear internal gear hub w/ drum brake)
V-brake arm not returning to "open" position
Campagnolo cabling: can I use other non-Campagnolo brands?
aluminium fatigue how to know if some thing is going wrong?
What is the life expectancy of aluminum alloy frames?
52/36 Chainrings for Ultegra 6750 crankset
Installing Schwinn Vestige frame LED cable
What is a narrow wide chainring and what are its benefits and drawbacks?
Can the back axle be replaced without removing the gear cassette?
Disc brake lost power
Is Park Tool Polylube "waterproof"?
Why do my knees hurt when I use a trainer?
Huffy rear derailleur replacement
Fixed/free hub for 12mm TA frame?
Best XT pads for weak hand strength
Mud Guard for 650c Triathlon Bike Frame
What kind of bicycle clamps are these?
How can I replace an oversized Chater-Lea bottom bracket with cotterless cranks?
Shifter doesn't reach bigger gears
Tick sound on every pedal only for 5 minutes
Solving gear hunting?
How to remove slider legs from old rst suspension fork?
Putting pin(s) back into chain
What is better, Average speed or long distance?
How to tell if a newly built bicycle wheel is safe to ride?
1970s era Huffy 3 speed Sea Trails chain
BB and Crank compatibility with Pressfit 86.5
Did my bike frame crack?
Storing a nice bike outside cheaply in the city during winter (weather/security)
How do I wash a bike indoors?
Shimano gear indicator stuck
After bump, bicycle feel as though tyre is flat (it is not)
Sun 24" Traditional Trike Help
I have 2 chainrings in the front and I think 3 gears for the LHS shifter. How do I know visually if I'm in the middle gear when looking down?
Rear skewer spacing
Convert Cannondale CAAD9 to a hybrid style...?
Is there a limit to safe downhill speed on a bike
What exactly is a "trials" bike?
Identification of roadbike frame
Compact crankset interchangeability
Bright Bike DIY Kits
Why haven't Shimano or SRAM internal hubs had as many gears (or as much range) as Rohloff?
SOMEONE HELP PLEASE:(
What brands of handlebar tape match the Brooks B17 Aged saddle?
Is it possible to control two brakes from a single lever?
Through axle (thru-axle) - typical/minimum number of turns of active tread engagement
Replacing a bike with different tire sizes
75-year old new rider needs advice
Suggestions for removal of old chrome?
How to reduce pedaling resistance
Can I use Shimano STI brifter with 11 speed mountain derailleur?
Can a bike computer be used on the rear wheel?
Bike modification/alteration
Compatibility of pressure gauge with valve
How do you switch the Raleigh RX10 rear light to flashing instead of constant
how do I adjust the wheel?
Replacing bearings in pivot links
Will a pedelec spoil cycling for me?
If a slime tube hardens when exposed to air, why doesn't it harden when I pump it?
How to increase tension of rear derailleur cable
Trying to purchase the correct handlebar faceplate bolt in advance for Schwinn S2713TR
How to roll-start with a back-pedal coaster brake?
Rear derailer shifts fully only in middle of cassette and loses alignment with cogs over time
What are some recommendations for a trainer to get better at going uphill?
Bottom bracket lockring keeps loosening up
What is the difference between brake cables and derailleur cables?
Can a bmx hub support a 7 speed mountain bike freewheel?
Slick tires and Knobby tires vs Bumpy roads!
Can one replace a tubeless tire with a tube?
What are the differences between Columbus Tubings?
Derailleur hanger
Puncture in tube with sealant
Service/maintanace of Manitou fork and shock
Motordoping in film The Program
What's the specific use in carrying a pump?
Hand strain when off road
Not able to shift to largest Chain Ring - Lever not clicking, when cable is connected to FD
Are Bikesdirect.com bikes any good?
Aluminum alloy or carbon fibre handlebar?
will any shimano pedal fit any shimano crank?
Very sloppy shifting on smaller cogs (BSO)
Broke my fork, how can I know if another one is compatible?
B-screw adjustment in a derailleur with a spring in the upper pivot (Shimano RD-5800)
Aluminum forks vs. carbon forks (with aluminum frames) what are the trade offs?
Is gasoline an effective restoration material to use?
Is this an unsuitable cassette lockring tool?
Help identifying this rear-wheel part (photo)
An Old Tandem. Need to Know the Maker
Is it possible to increase travel on Cannondale Scalpel?
Estimating trainer 'effort above the flat' by heart rate + cadence
Updating brakes on a vintage tandem
Quick release cannot be tightened
Front Deraillleur Barrel Adjustment
Can single-sided Power meters cause unnatural Bilateral asymmetric pedaling?
Medium Budget Road Bikes for India
Restoring Aluminum Cranks
Garmin Cadence Sensor
Longer stem, need to re-cable?
Noisy rear derailleur (Shimano RD-5800)
Any fix for a schrader valve that won't open?
What size chain do i use if I've changed the front sprocket
Which exercises a cyclist should do before/after any ride?
Getting the right Bottom Bracket
Choosing a rear derailleur for 11-42t cassette on a SRAM 10-speed 1x system
is there an easy fix for worn down brakes?
Handling Stability Parameters
Is it poor technique or physiology that causes people to cycle with their knees sticking out to the side?
When to use coaster brake, and when to use rear rim brake?
Which gear combination is right for me?
23, 25 or 28mm tyres for very smooth, flat road - what's fastest?
Do these bicycle tubes fit my tires?
Does anyone manufacture a seatless bicycle?
handlebar light (or mount) with ball and socket joint
How important is a correct frame size for a Mountainbike?
Cleaning leather bike gloves
Identify old road bicycle frame
Can a 13 year old wheelie/bunny hop on a mountain bike?
Head bearing lock nut thread on a vintage english bicycle
Busettii electric questions
Is there a difference between big chainring and big sprocket, and small chainring and small sprocket?
Reversing handlebar tape direction
MTB Hardtail preventing flipping backwards on steep gradients
Clark's skeletal hydraulics issues
Brake oil came out of the piston of my Tektro hdc 300 and the brake is not functioning. What to do?
Cheap solution to vertical bicycle stand
Why does my bike left gear shift have more than 3 combinations?
Does anyone make a dynamo light buffer battery that will keep it going at full power?
Are Ultegra 10 Speed Sprockets available separately?
Chain falls off upper pulley when backpedalling
Seat stay width issues
Rear wheel drop-out adjustment (1-speed)
automotive lubricants (ATF, manual trans fluid, or heavy motor oil) as bike chain lube?
Identifying small, moped-like bike
after heavy rain or washing, which parts of the bike to re-lube and with what?
Why do deep section front wheels get pushed around in crosswinds?
Replace Campagnolo record 9 speed front derailleur
how to go from front suspension to full suspension?
Fit thinnest road tyres (fat ones at present) to terrain bike Outpost GT
How to bike with less stress on the calves
I need to get a new master link how can I tell the size of it?
Why can my rear derailer no longer shift between all 8 gears?
What sort of oil/lube is "Shimano Internal Hub Maintenance Oil"?
Parking a bike with wide tyres in a narrow bike rack
Shimano 105 v Tiagra
How often should rear suspension frame linkages be serviced?
Can I attach SRAM trigger shifters to a 31.8mm braze on adapter?
Can I use a 650cc tire on a 27x1 1/4 rim?
How to gain confidence with new "big" bike?
Reinstalling tire after replacing inner tube, how important is it that tire bead is even along rim?
How to protect bike frame mounted on the carrying rack?
Wrong way on a bike lane?
I can't push the Quick Release in - how do I fix it?
Bottom Bracket Height
Straight 1" OD quill stem for Townie
Successful cyclists with facial hair
Plastic rims and brake pads
Safety - Improve braking power in wet conditions
Uncomfortable saddle position on road bike.
3x8 to 1x8 (with expansion to 1x10/1x11 in the future)
Would using compressionless brake housing for derailleur be a problem?
Why does my cantilever brake squeal *nearly* all the time
Help identifying frame manufacturer
Practical way to park many bicycles in one garage for everyday use?
Upgrading 8 speed Shimano 105 to 11 Speed Shimano 105
Do 27.5" wheels fit a 29" mtb?
Selecting a drivetrain for touring bicycle
Unable To Adjust Mechanical Disc Brakes Properly
Replacing a 1950s or early 1960 solid rubber 20" bicycle tire
There is a grinding feeling at the end of my pedaling at high speed
What kind of bike is this? Can anyone tell by the logo?
Saddle suggestions for broken pelvis
Tube Size Available in US?
Info for replacing a shift cable housing
Do Italian frame sets use different sized components to bikes in the USA?
Gear slipping in gear 24
Is there a distinct look for contaminated disc brake pads?
How do different frame materials affect the handling of a bike?
Are convertible full face helmets as safe as regular ones?
How to identify where a creaking/squeaking sound comes from?
Using 27.2 seatpost in 26.8 frame
Can someone tell me what frames (Brand & Model) accept 26 and 27.5 wheels??
Will a dehumidifier dry out the lubricants on my bike?
Trek Emonda ALR bottom bracket drag
Can I use an outboard Shimano BB on a Trek madone ALR (alum.) with pressfit BB?
What different frame materials have been used?
Two spokes broke in 10 days interval on rear wheel, should I worry?
Shimano Steps ebike E010 and E012 errors: DIY fix possible?
Shimano Integrated ST-EF51 Shifter and Brake Lever
Is SLX FD 675-B front derailleur appropriate for my bike?
Wrapping alloy brifters for cold weather
Are there any post 2013 studies available that focus on the use of bike lights during the day to prevent collisions with cars?
Correct sitting posture for my bicycle
Compatible front mech replacement for Shimano STX RC FD-MC36
Which gear is this?
Are saddles supposed to bow inwards when sat upon?
Patch quality difference
Are electric bike speed limitations set in stone?
Best way to repair damage
Turbo trainer maintenance
Bike Help describing
Road Bike or Mountain
11-46 cassette with 48 chainring for commute bike
torque wrench warm up procedure?
What is the right bottom bracket for english thread/68mm
Shimano Cassette 105 11-34 5800
Why do new road bikes come with handlebar tape attached?
Front Derailleur Wont Shift
Gears keep auto dropping esp in hills
Crankset arms length and chainring for 5 year-old
How to store old hydraulic disc brakes?
What is the equivalent for Shimano Roller Brake grease?
How to pump this bicycle tire with this pump?
What are the advantages of bikepacking bags?
Is it OK to use pedestrian phase of pedestrian crossing to join/leave the carriageway? (UK)
What are the possible practical consequences of breaking the rules of the road?
Regular squeak from rear wheel
Starting off with shimano gears
how wide 28" can be ? or how to beat mountain trails with 28"
Can a climbing helmet be used for biking safely?
Which traffic light do I have to follow?
How much air loss over time is considered normal / acceptable for a hybrid tire?
carbon seat post to carbon seat tube - necessary to loosen periodically to prevent seizing in place?
Disc Brakes *Completely* Ineffective
Is it viable to use cottered cranks?
What does 'tire clearance' mean?
What is the total equipment weight of a tour rider?
lezyne super gps wont record data on turbo trainer rides
Removing stuck front brake caliper from a modern road bike
Cartridge wheel bearings - is there an inside/outside?
Why are license plates for bicycles no longer used?
Spring side fork grease
Frequent fork swapping, best practice?
How to accurately measure brake calipers?
Hub dynamos and standlights
Cracked a steel fender today. My fault or design problem? And now what should I do?
Mechanical cable-actuated disc brakes started working really badly
What year make and model of my haro frame
Where can I get a sprocket that works with a standard bicycle chain that mounts onto a 5/8" bore rod?
Should I leave the water bottle tip open or shut while in the cage?
Changing Magura HS33 rim brake pads
What road bike would suit my criteria?
Freewheel or sprockets?
Uneven inner tube when inflated inside the tyre
Why doesn't my (battery-powered) light work in the cold?
Difference between Shimano HG and XT cassettes
Will removing extra chainring mess with chain alignment?
Fix/replacement for v-brake part
What does marking like "aq/ar" on the sprocket mean?
Commuting daily with an Expensive Bike, tips?
V-brake noodle broken: replace immediately? With what?
What is the average CdA to Weight relationship of a professional Road cyclist?
What are these mounts for on inside edge of carbon fiber fork?
How to talk to authorities to convince them to bicycle initiatives?
Are aluminum anti-seize and silver anti-seize different?
What is this ring on these bottom brackets?
How do you lock up your bike trailer?
Replacing 170mm cranks with 175mm
Spoke Length +- 1mm
Can I replace this bearing? (MTB head tube)
replacing a chain - which coating type or make (nickel vs silver vs TI Nitride vs diamond like)?
Making the pedals on my kid's bike rotate when I push so he'll learn to pedal
What brand is this BMX frame?
Is axle cone pitting more common on rear drive side?
modifying tire sizing
Tips for dexterously handling bike lights with winter gloves
How to properly gear compensate for short crank arms?
What is the difference between I.S., post, and flat mount disc brake mounting standards?
If I replace the cassette on my road bike, should I replace the whole drivetrain?
Older Brompton front brake cable
Snow and Ice tires for road bike?
Can a 12x142 rear hub and 15mm front hub be converted to 9mm quick release with an adapter?
Can you identify this probably-stolen BMX I paid $15 for?
SRAM X01 Eagle (12speed) in 11speed transmission: it work?
How to mark pins that were once extracted on a chain?
Anxious about riding in traffic after 20 year absence from cycling
Getting back on bike after wrist fracture
Washing a vintage bike—special considerations?
Racing: Drop Handle Drop Length
Magura MT7 on Commencal Meta AM V4.2 Race
What are your country's rules or regulations for the colors of reflectors or lights?
Please help me identify this frame
Ride a Century Without Stopping?
Inconsistent headset tightness and squeaking
Pedals spin freely in cold conditions
Replacing entire group - need new hubs?
Will 26 x 2.0 tire fit on bicycle with 26 x 2.125 size tire
What's the deal/appeal with loud MTB hubs?
what is the average weight of a male professional cyclist?
New wheel, why not go with disk hub?
Right of way for a raised crossing?
Training for The Enbridge Ride to Conquer Cancer (approx 200km over 2 days)
Rear road bike Shimano cassette wobbling during freewheel
How comfortable is it to wear a u-lock holder this way?
Would variable crank arm length be beneficial to a rider?
Recycling bicycles
Can Shimano Rear Derailleur Lever Be Fixed?
On which weather conditions should I choose my bicycle with studded/spike tyres?
Why don't we see fork boots anymore?
What type of wheel fits a 700x38 tire
Front derailleur feels "disconnected" in cold
What should I factor in when moving from a 50/34T to a 53/39T
Derailleur Configuration - Anyone ever seen something like this?
Why not have the bearings in the forks themselves with through-axles?
Bike choice for snow commuting
How do I achieve a lower gear on a Norco Bigfoot with a 9 speed cassette?
How to tell if a folding bike is faster than a boris bike
Mountain bike, chain skips when force applied from stop or going uphill.
Drivetrain wear -- questions on chain elongation and skipping
Upgrading Joytech hub from 8 speed to 10 speed
Can a 11-speed derailleur be used with a 9-speed shifter?
Is the front center pull brake supposed to be free floating?
How to bend handlebar to customize it?
Can someone tell me the handlebar diameter of a Carerra TDF road bike from Halfords
Can you help me identify this old bike?
How does a chain get filthy and how can you stop it from getting filthy?
What bike is this? Need to find derailleur hanger
Is there a work around to a presta valve not engaging a tire inflater pin?
Can Press-Fit Bottom Brackets be used in a Threaded frame
Drivetrain replacement on fixed gear
Painting Chromoly Steel
Steel (531) road bike conversion to disc practicability
Who's the manufacturer and what year was this tandem bike manufactured?
Will a Shimano MTB 9 speed derailleur work with 10 speed cassette?
What type of bike I should buy if I need to ride with a toddler
Eccentric bottom bracket click clack on each pedal revolution?
Can I fit a modern internally geared hub on an old bike ?
Replacement parts for Trek 7.3
Pedals rotate backwards when I move the (rear) wheel in reverse direction
Multimodal - Packing a bike for a trip with several different transport stages
Upgrading From Ultegra 6600 to 6800 Help
Low power while maintaining high cadence
(Serious): Male genital protection for mountain biking/BMX and for common falls
How exactly does cross-chaining accelerate wear?
How to find punctures in inner tubes?
what is the correct chain size for my bike
Will this adaptor fit my cranks?
Why does cycling use a measure of time ("century") as a measure of distance?
Online bought bike left brake lever doesnt do anything
Shimano caliper not sitting properly on fork (gets angled)
Aluminum frame quality - how much variation can there be and how to tell?
Common brake arm length on a road bike?
Why are my gears moving but my wheels not turning?
Is it usual for grease to contract in cold weather?
What is this device attached to the seat-tube?
Is there a site which has a good collection of recumbent bikes, still for sale new, to compare?
What is an asymmetric wheel and why would you use it?
Panasonic/Tange brake cable guide removal and replacement
How to test bike after upgrades?
Identical looking saddles feel very different
What bottom bracket is this and why does it have a lockring?
Wobble in rear hub
What 11-32 10 speed cassettes will work with Shimano 105 5700 freehub?
Would like to find out what is the brand of this bike I am rebuilding?
Oil on the back of brake pads?
What happens if a tire goes flat while I am in a fast turn?
Performance difference between 700x28 vs 700x25 tires?
Replace old square taper bottom bracket / ISO or JIS?
Does the initial position of the B-tension screw matter?
Noise when pedalling uphill?
Chain skipping despite new cassette and chain
converting a nine speed hybrid disc to a seven speed drop bar, is it possible?
Floor pump blowing wet air?
Mountain bike, one road bike tire. Front or back?
What are the benefits of going from 25mm to 28mm tire?
silicon spray to treat porous inner tube?
Can the length of disc brake hose influence braking power?
How to fix a seized V-Brake arm?
Fixing the valves on tubeless tires broke, what are my options?
Are the wheels of Thule and Burley two wheeled trailers interchangeable?
Where can I find my serial number
MTB wont shift into 7
Upgrading 8 speed shimano Acera RD-M3000 to 11 speed Deore XT M-8000?
Cycling into tunnels
What brand of bicycle is this?
New Shimano 11 speed road chain problem
Is it really necessary to loosen/unmount handlebar while packing bike?
Hydraulic brakes, cold causes 0% braking capacity
New Park Tool truing stand doesn't seem to be calibrated, calibration seems off out of box
1x drive conversion
Using trainer as dynamo
15T Freewheel Which Works on Flip Flop Hub
How to add resistance to my bike trainer?
Non-drive bottom bracket cup loose/wobbly - what options are there?
Cost effective drivetrain maintanance
How tight should brake lever clips be?
Can I clean out a set of old handlebars with water?
Do spoke nipples come in one standard body size for the gauge?
Raleigh Twenty wheel/rim replacement options
Can I put 700x32 tyres on my Avanti Blade?
Mystery puncture -- caused by inner end of ice spike?
Drum brakes - ineffective when cold
Best frame material for Leisure
Can I mix & match different chainring brand/model?
What's easier to change: largest or smallest tire for rims that support multiple sizes?
Folding Bike tires going flat
Setup for heavy rider and DB 29" overdrive
What parts do I need to use Di2 wireless shifting on a road bike
Can't find a rear replacement wheel 29" x 2.125 coaster brake - single speed
How can I tell if my bike can ride down stairs without damaging it?
Different brand shifters
What does 'Dahonesque' mean?
What exactly is Shimano's Shadow Plus technology for rear derailleurs?
Stuck gear hub on the way into a gear on an internal geared hub
Buying advice for new road/race bike approx. £1000 for racing
Friction-shift (rear) always changing up the gears
Mismatched front and rear derailleurs ok for 3x7 setup?
Does anyone know the age of this Legnano Bike?
How do I remove the wheels from my bike (not a typical nut)?
Ebike gear conversion
Can I change rotor size with disc brakes?
105 Shimano 10 speed shifters - compatibility with 11 speed rear derailleur
What type of bike
Reynolds 531 frame single speed
Bikepacking on a New Rockhopper
Replace or patch inner tubing?
Should I buy a crank, derailleur, cassette, etc. all from the same company or are the parts of the drivetrain not super specific
Rim cracks on spoke adjustment holes, how much should I panic?
City Bikes vs E-Bikes with baby trailer
can someone identify the year this bike was built?
Bike difficult to pedal
What is the best way to improve my cycling distance over mountainous terrain?
Safely cutting down a seatpost
When shifting to the 1st gear the chain shifts up to 3rd derailleur(rear)!
How does Google Maps estimate cycling times
When overhauling bottom bracket bearings, is it possible to replace loose bearings with cartridge bearings?
Are stem height extenders safe to use?
Center motor ebike costs more, is it worth it?
Name for bracket used for holding shift cables in place on down tube
Can I fit a 26x1.25 tyre to wheel with current tire 26x2.1
Most effective pedal position to jump start from still situation
How to select bottom bracket spindle width?
Preventing downtube cable stops from sliding out of place
What defines a recumbent?
Shimano 10 - 11 system hub compatibility - MTB
Can I use Shimano Ultegra 6800 BBR60 Bottom Bracket on 105 groupset
How do we get punctures?
Servicing a Vuelta XRP Disc Hub
Why did Shimano name them V Brakes?
Cycling into tunnels with claustrophobic person
Exceeding speed limit with Ebike, is battery affected?
Trainer Roller : polyurethane or metal?
Have they ever made a bicycle with in-hub gears both at the crank and wheel?
Changing the free wheel
What is the full name of this bicycle? Thank you!
Determining make model and year of bmx frame
Widest tire safely fit on rim
Can I use titanium axle bolts on a steel frame?
Why do police bikes have suspension?
Do I really need a 90-degree arm/torso angle?
Lube substitutes for Phil Wood lubricant
What is this effect on my chain called?
Can I fit a 26x3.5 tire on a 26x4.0 rim?
Does a fat tire ride softer than a skinny one at the same pressure?
Replacement vintage Raleigh chain
What else will need replaced when I replace my wheel set on my vintage KHS road bike?
How cities came to decision to allow bicycles and/or motorcycles to enter bus lanes?
What are the ridges seen on sprockets and chainrings for?
Bridgeless suspension forks
Feasibiliy of KERS for bicycles
Its about the wheel size
1962 Schwinn: what model
How to turn off Live Segments on Garmin Edge 520 for good
What is the markup on bikes sold in stores?
What is a taco?
Disadvantages of using QR->Thru Axle Adapters?
Should I replace my tyres with something thinner?
How to disassemble a Topeak JoeBlow Sport II
What wheels can I buy that fit this Shimano UG 5 speed freewheel?
45mm fenders + Schwalbe Little Big Ben
How to know you have tailwind?
Bottom Bracket terminology - English BB, SM-BBR60 BSA, English 68mm, ISO/English & BB30 confusion
Aero road bike frame - frame size number vs actual frame size?
Strange dynamo behavior
Light brightness indication
What freewheel mechanism designs are used in bicycles?
Converting road hydraulic disc brakes to flat bar : Possible?
Cannondale super v 700 with a bad Headshock
Missing Link -- which one, 7.3mm or 7.1mm?
Why do folding bikes usually have MTB components?
Can park tool bbt-59 take off ultegra sm-bbr60
Aero bike vs climbing bike for running in Crits
Rack and fender on one eyelet spacing issue
Can I use tubeless tires on Araya DM-27.5 Black 32 hole Rims?
Waterproof overshoes on Platform Pedals with pins
Chain derailment from front crank. Fine on large ring won't hold on smaller inner ring
Pedal spin resistance a good thing?
Recumbent with a shaft or other non-chain drive?
Trek 7100 multitrack
Removing Rust on Chrome Rims
Spinning vs city bike riding to keep tone
Is it appropriate to carry furniture with bike and suggestion for equipment
Rickshaw physics
How do you spot fake Campagnolo Bora's?
Measuring for and buying new MTB tyres
Are there any 8-speed brifters with internal cabling?
How to properly attach a "tag-along" bicycle
Different types of down tube shifter mounts
Why is the single-rear derailleur that enables <= 12 speeds so popular?
Diagnosing buzzing sound when riding over uneven terrain
Are rotor bolts designed to shear?
Uneven Chain Ring Wear, or Manufactured This Way?
Can a normal bicycle be adapted as a draisine (to use on abandoned railways with the tracks in place)?
Eddy Merckx Road Bike Identification
Crankarms trek slash 9 2014
When installing a rear rack, should I attach the struts to the frame or the seat post on my small bike?
Re-learning how to corner aggressively at speed after bad experiences
Changing wheel size when adding ebike kit to tricycle
Shimano MTB and Road Components Compatibility
Tubeless tire deflating through sidewall
Terminology: Is there a technical term for the paired wheels on tricycles?
A two successive wheel trailer ; would it work? (followme-tandem)
Will my rear derailleur handle a 11-30
Crankset fitting issues
Are hydraulic disc brakes more sensitive to rubbing with warped rotors?
Meaning of Symbols/Icons on Amgen-ToC Stage Maps
Non-rusting D-Locks
Orders of the washers on threaded-stud brake shoes
What would I gain by upgrading a norco vfr 2 hybrid bike group set to tiagra or 105 shimano group set
road bike - how to choose chainring (crankset) and cassette size?
72 Fuji S10s Barrings
SRAM Red 1098 Cassette "teeth"
Lockout Lego on after going down a flight of stairs
Should I remove foreign objects from my tyres if I'm running tubeless?
Shimano Ultegra 6800 front derailleur tension problem
Mafac Racer Brake Replacement
How to reduce cramping in hands (mountain biking)?
What is the origin of BSO - and is it internationally recognized?
Remove visible thorns etc from tyres equipped with inner tubes with sealant liquid?
is it possible to go and install a suspension onto a bike that dosen't have any suspension?
Why have suspension stems disappeared?
19 inch frame MTB Issues for a guy standing 6 feet 3 inches tall
Words for "bicycle" far in etymology from "two wheels"
At what point does a road become too busy/fast to ride on safely?
What's more aerodynamic on flat bars: backpack or pannier?
Mixing SRAM X01 and Apex components
What variables best determine bicycle fit for an individual without riding it?
Front Mountain Bike Cable Disk Brake Is Too Snappy on First Pull
Using 9 speed bar end shifters in friction mode with 10 speed derailleurs and cassette
Park MTB at work without Kickstand
Shimano Deore FD-M590 replacement
What to do with a frozen bike?
Descending with deep section front wheels
Disc brake rotor compatibility and recommendation
Restoration and upgrading old bike
Why would a bike pedal backwards, but not forward?
Identify year of manufacturing of Merida frame by Serial number
Giant Rack-It Front Rack experience + bow vs. "bow-free" front racks
Specialized Pitch 2017 clicks like its changed gear but hasnt
Presta Valve Keeps Ripping From Tube
How to remove rear hub covers
Insurance that covers the original price of the bike
Short inside leg body: smaller frame?
Rear hub freewheel and casette
Uneven wear of brake pads
cleaning v-brake arms with riveted inner sleeve
Checking that the dynamo hub works
CycleOps Thru Axle Kit Help
New chain, pedal power seems weaker
Which will wear longer, a single chainring with 11-speed cassette, or triple chainring with 8-speed cassette?
How can one remove this chainring?
Handlebar of my bike will not bolt onto the front forks
Left outside for over a year, what to do to get it ride-worthy?
Worried I damaged my fork fitting crown race
Can't press shifters (stuck)
What to do to quiet with this clunking, clicking, and banging front wheel
What holds back refinement of self-energizing bicycle brake designs?
How to choose the right brushless outrunner motor for e-bike project
How can I stop an Adult trike when both front brakes fail?
Bicycle crank conversion
What do I need to do to get bike sharing costs included as part of my commuter benefits (USA)
Recourse for Reckless Drivers?
Derailleur installation adjustment method
Does effort require to pedal depend on the gear ratio or the gear inches?
What kind of bike should I rent?
How to wheelie without hands?
Five flats in 4 months on new Giant Contend3 (XL)?
How should I install the front wheel of a Muddyfox Bike (UK)
Are U-lock "wheel extenders" sold separately?
What might cause my tyre to deflate to a certain point and then remain there?
Replacing the bike seat on my mid-1990s Trek mountain bike
Shimano 105 gear change won't stay tuned
Mounting light on handlebar with bag installed
compatibilty of 10 speed dura ace bar end shifters and xt 10speed rear derailleur
Can I use super glue for punctures?
Cyclocross Frames and Disc Brake Compatibility?
Are handlebar-mounted child seats illegal in Germany?
Why do we sit on saddles that rest on seatposts? (and not on seats that rest on saddleposts)
Are seatpost shims safe to use - for the frame, seatpost, and the rider?
Can someone tell me if my bike is rare?
What options to transport both heavy backpack and gym bag via bicycle
BB30 to BSA frame conversion with internal cable routing?
How to fix a broken dura Ace shifter( body)?
Rohloff gear can only shift between 3 and 4, even when gear disconnected from hub
Do hardened chains cause more chainring and cassette wear?
Charging a Garmin Oregon GPS
Repair priorities, bike wheel or brakes
Remove rounded nuts/bolts from wheel on old bike
Strength/Safety of Suntour XCR Air RL-R/Budget Suspension Bikes
What do the symbols on a tire mean?
Did I pay too much for repairs on road bike? Should I have bought new?
Triathlon suit?
Can a Garmin Touring charging port be repaired
inconsistent STI indexing
Buy second-hand bike in or near Frankfurt
How to minimize wear on brakes?
Giant Revel 29er 2015 - maximum width of tire I can fit?
Rear Derailleur Cage Plate Catching Chain at Lower Pulley
How tell if spokes too tight without tensionometer
Replacing rigid fork with suspension fork
Rubbery chatter sensation in drivetrain
What make and model is this bicycle?
Metal part of the pedal is coming off
How do you reconcile demographic helmet safety findings with individual helmet safety?
Which the function of this "thing" (photo) in Shimano XTR SL-M952 rear shifter?
Query on bearing / race sizing
How to make a derailleur work in opposite directions?
Bike computer that logs all data to smartphone
Can I add a 11-40 XT or XTR rear cog to a road bike with Di2?
Bottle dynamo: the steel wheel quickly wearing down?
Can BSA 68/73 bottom bracket be used in place of fat bike BSA 100 mm
Long Distance Route for a Beginner!
Is this a real Kinetic?
Mountain Bike Disc brake pads price vs performance
SRAM Drop bar to MTB hydraulic brake interoperability
is biking lower wacker drive in Chicago a good/feasable idea?
Feeling of friction on back wheel. Wheel nuts on too tight?
What is the best head set for a metal fork on a carbon frame?
Bike size - will a 2cm make a difference
Tighten crank arm on Reynolds 531
Can I keep using my outer tube tyre with a hole in it
Biking across a four-lane bridge - Why was I wrong to bike across the bridge?
Picking an inner tube size
Can road disc calipers be mounted on a mountain bike?
Is this road/city frankenbike concept a feasible idea?
Campagnolo Zonda Ratchet sound
Shimano sora 9 Speed rear derailleur capacity Rd-3500 SS
Frame/fork compatibility
Different turning behavior after changing tires
Disc brakes too tight after pad replacement
How to assemble this headset?
Wheel advice/information
Saddle height for toddler's balance bike
Do you know as soon as you are riding on a flat?
Adapter for moving bottle cage up/down while using frame's bottle cage braze-ons
Did my bike shop con me into replacing both sets of Trek 7500 Hybrid disc rotors?
Edit a recorded strava activity?
Cannondale carbon synapse rear cassette size increase.
15mm thru axle to quick release
How to fend off a pack of feral dogs
How do you know if your wheel is correctly centered?
dynamo powered lighting for bike and trailer
Bug Repellent for Mountain Biking that won't melt my gear?
Why are most commuting panniers designed as shoulder bags and not backpacks?
Interruptor Brakes on a Road Bike
Best way to repair Neoprene gloves
Difference between 22x635 and 40x635 wheels/inner tubes?
Conversion to Quick release
Can a bike have both rim and disc brakes?
Would rotating or flipping disc brake rotors make any sense?
full suspension whole/frame only mountain bike box dimensions
Verenti Technique 2015 - Crankset upgrade
Can a (20*1.35) tire fit on my rim that has a (20*2.125) tire on it now?
Remove a hub gear or buy new wheel?
Rubber rings for attaching lights etc
Modern long reach calipers on old bike, strong enough for safe braking from the hoods?
What kind of wheels need different nipple for front vs. rear?
What kind of wheels use spoke washers/nipple washers?
Freehub: why are the pawls on the inside surface not the outside?
Best posture to ride a road-bike down hill?
Excepting the hubs, are the front and back wheel in OEM road bikes or in Road Bike wheelsets manufactured differently?
Grip shift won't move
Attaching LED strips to bike
Gear for incline - Internal Gear Hub?
I am looking for a cable mounted brake light switch
How to collect Shimano ALTUS parts together?
In which should I let my gears when not biking?
Cracked seat post
Chainring rubbing frame after tightening cranks. What should I change?
Replacing broken nexus 7 gear hub with second hand one
How to copy cleat angle on the same shoe?
Help with setting up Windsor Kensington bike on CycleOps Mag+ trainer
Lower Gearing for Ultegra 11-speed setup
How to narrow down choices when finding a new bike?
Giant Toughroad SLR 1 for long distance tour
Big tires are rubbing in certain conditions so how can I fix my rear wheel play issues?
Can my bike have disk brakes fitted?
Is the ticking of a free spinning wheel related to its quality?
Anyone have Open Bars or similar on a Surly Cross Check or Straggler?
Tyre liner causing a slow puncture -- am I doing something stupid
Changing Campy index downtube shifters to 'only' do friction shifting
Cold causing squeak in disc brake system?
30 lb Geared Bicycle vs 20 lb Single Speed, Which Is Faster for Commuting?
Can I run Campagnolo 10 speed chainrings on 11 speed crank arms?
Common for spoke nipple head to rust but not nipple body?
Problem with suspension fork
How to slow down a kid's bike
slow hybrid bike 700cx35c
Will the Shimano HG41 match nicely with a Shimano Claris derailleur?
What sizes are "#6 and #5 Allen key"?
Rock Shox Recon does not "completely" lock
What's this linchpin on hydraulic brakes
Non-quick release through axle - a few questions
Is this just the paint cracks?
MTB Sizing. Saddle at the very bottom to reach pedals perfectly. Go one size smaller?
Choice of spare tyre and tube in Europe for 40-559(ETRTO) or 26"X1.5
Importance of a thru-axel for mountain biking
ligament damage and non release of pedals
How differently will two bikes handle that have 1 degree difference in their head tube angle?
How to get slower gearing on a 1x10 drivetrain
How to measure a frame to find an appropriate rim?
How do i train two days a week?
Using an LED torch as a helmet light, will I blind oncoming drivers?
Inexperienced rider - double chainring?
Can anyone tell me if this men or womens bike and possibly model?
Derailleur hanger compatibility / fender angle
Getting the right seat post
Easy Clean Handlebar tape
Misshapen inner tube, is this evidence of it being incorrectly fitted?
Shimano 9-speed shifters high-end vintage vs low-end modern
Do brake pads designed for both carbon and Alloy rims exist?
Bottom bracket question?
21 speed front gears go 1 to 2 to 3 and 3 to 1, but not 3 to 2
Alternatives to Long Drop Calipers
Is it normal to stop so much because of thighs burning?
It takes several clicks of the shifter to go from smallest cog to next biggest cog, and I get hit the four biggest cogs
Will there be compatibility problems for crankset and bottom bracket for vintage motobecane?
Open up blocked Dunlop valves
Are velodromes symmetrical?
Where should I look for a reliable chainguide for a large chainring (52T)?
How to carry a quadcopter on a bicycle?
Do I need to bed in my disc brakes again after I clean rotors with alcohol?
Replacing bottom bracket
Dent in bearing cone, try to get a new one, or can I keep riding like this?
Cheap cycling shoes feel 'sloppy' when pulling up
Do I need a new rear derailleur if I get a bigger cassette?
Slipstreaming Passing Vehicles
Replacing Hybrid tyre
hydraulic disk brake too loose
Why do spoke nipples keep falling out?
What position of saddle is best?
What child seat would fit an old model Gary Fisher bike?
Bicycle computers with nonvolatile memory
Should i upgrade from Skultura 400D with 105 to giant tcr advanced with ultegra di2?
How to fix handlebars that have virtually turned into a seesaw
SRAM GX1 comparability with double crankset
Do we have a bike insurance in the US?
When was the last Chicago built Schwinn
Rear fender angle
Feasibility of coupling internal hub gear and derailleur
What to do If your pedal are squeaking and are not straight?
Bolts don't fit for Stronglight ring on Athena 11s
Installing mechanical group set on "electronic only" frame
How to DIY electric bike modification - Schwinn 3-Wheel?
Replace or repair derailleur?
Raleigh Circa 2 Mens 2017 Hybrid Bike
How to lace a 36 hole 4x9 groupped spokes?
Strange tube leak
How Dicey are super cheap brake cables?
I need an StVZO compliant bike light. Any recommendations?
Identify this old folding bike that I got from the tip - an early Dahon?
Camber angle on a two-wheel trailer?
SRAM hydraulic brake weak - new bike
Why should the outside disc brake pad be closer to the rotor than the inside one?
A Chain Stretch . .
How do I open a Master Link in a chain?
What to do with scratched top tube on carbon fiber frame with no structural damage?
How to calibrate Garmin Vector 2 power meter pedals with a Wahoo Elemnt computer?
What kind of frame is this the number is. ACS8E03286
Which saddle is perfect for aggressive riding position?
Accommodation (or "breaking in") of cycling shoes
What bike is recommended?
How do I fix scratches that go into an aluminium frame?
Cross top Levers as primary brake
Where does the name "B-Tension" come from?
What type of grease to prevent seat post sticking?
Is there such thing as a 28 inch wheel?
answers for why the bike wobbles back and forth when standing on the pedals and working it
XC helmet for road biking, or road helmet for XC?
How has hardtail MTB geometry changed in the past 10 years?
How often should we add inner tube sealant liquid?
Caliper road brakes on cantilever specific frame
Will heavy tires make a difference for climbing?
Replacing a rear wheel bicycle axle. How should I do it?
Is this MTB a good bike or a BSO? Deserve carbon MTB
converting a road bike (aluminum with carbon forks) handle bar
What size are shimano MTB (wheel) hub ball bearings?
How does Slime coagulate and seal holes in tires?
130mm hub on 135mm frame
Stages FSA BB30 Power Meter on Cannondale SI BB30A Crankset
Is there anything wrong with fat blobby frame welds?
Identify this Gitane road bike
How I can see who watched my Strava profile?
What's the smallest possible tube that will work with my bikes?
Chainring for a Shimano FC-CX50
Determining the correct chain length (52/36 with 12/29 11S cassette combination)
How to cross major road 3 way intersection
MTN bike tyre sidewall wear question
Pedal assist sensor possible for front wheel motor on ebike?
Should I make any adjustments for steep bumpy down hills?
How do I prevent a tube valve from fusing to my rim
Bike brake cables popping out of brake handles
Bike chain "skipping", but only when not continuously pedaling
Learning to listen to my body and stop over-exercise
Broken stem tube – LBS "just" lowered handlebars. Is this safe?
Optimal Placement of Cleats
Chainline calculation
How close to the kerb should I cycle?
I don't know what year my old bike is
Look PP75 overhaul
Presta valve inner tube issue: area around the valve does not fill up
Fork light mount on road brake pivot bolt - safe?
How do different types of handlebar tape do in the rain?
Nexus 7s shifter: how to replace cable?
Freewheel in vinegar
Replacing BB and Chainset only?
My rear derailleur won't shift after up after 3rd cog
Expected Lifetime Mileage: Bottom Bracket and Headset
Do I need sensors to see real time data (speed and cadence) on Strava Live?
1976 peugeot 10-speed bike correct tire pressure?
Can hubs last forever?
How do I true Kinetix Pro wheels?
What is a good way to weatherproof a bike outside
How to store tires in dry California summer
Chain falling when shifting from small to big chainring
Can't get tire to seat right when changing tube
UK - What constitutes dangerous driving?
How to raise handlebars?
What could I do with a damaged helmet (other than wearing it)?
Front Shifter Won't Shift into 3rd
Tire Rubbing Against Chainstay
Factors Involved With Tire Wobble When Riding Without Hands
Is it normal for a bike to skid even after both brakes are applied?
Help me understand my Hub Gear bicycle
Reinforce master link
The master link that came with my chain won't fit
Gear cable head stuck in Shimano Sora lever
Waiting for Dropped Riders - Group Ride Etiquette
Will a threaded post rim brake pad fit my brakes which take a thread-less post pad?
Are all Cannondale Slice forks compatible with a Cannondale Slice 105 frame?
optimal trail/monster-cross tyre width solution for 19mm rims on rigid bike
Differences between bikes 10 years ago and now?
Derailleur tension pulley thread damaged by vibration?
Can I partially upgrade from Shimano Sora to Ultegra 6800?
Would a carbon fiber fork make a significant difference?
How does the SureStop braking system work?
Which brake should I use, on a full suspension bike, if I broke my brake lever
how do you develop the strength to be able to hold a aero right angled forearm position?
Cassette compatability regarding Shimano 9 speed
Can and should I sell a bike without wheels?
Rebuild or replace rear wheel on Giant Escape 2 (2016)?
SRAM Red 53/39 10spd rings and 172.5 crank work with 11 speed cassette upgrade?
How to assess quality of suspension
27.5 x 1.95 tyres what sizes can i change to
How many days does it take for an absolute newbie to bike 330km?
can I use a 10 speed brake lever shifter If I have a 7 gear cassette
Looking for bike trailer with pedals for a disabled, older adult
How long does an unused helmet keep for?
Replace / Repair Diamondback bike stem
Threatening swerving by driver - should I report it? (Canada)
How to put bigger tires on it
Do mid-low end bike manufacturers only design their bikes to last 1000 miles?
Is there water in my forks?
Looking for cleats to match my vintage Mavic pedals
Tube compatibility for given tyre dimensions
What is the technical name for the push-on type of wheels that are found on some bicycle trailers?
How do I avoid becoming complacent during my commute after riding the same route for a couple of weeks?
5-digit Bicycle Odometer available for bike computers?
Replace internally routed and housing
2010 Specialized Tricross BB size
Diagnosing faulty circuit in vintage incandescent headlamp
Shimano RS505 freehub body replacement
Help choosing between two frame sizes based on my dimensions
Using 3 gear shifter on 2-ring chaninset
How can I stop air leaks unscrewing a tire from compressor?
Does the giant atx 2 2017 model have quick release wheels or thru axle wheels?
Should I replace these cassette and chainring?
Do my large and small chainrings need replacing?
Is a spacer needed for the drive-side when installing a bottom bracket kickstand on the NDS?
Are recumbents good for your back?
Changing cranksets
Why are my handlebars difficult to turn in one direction but not the other?
road bike frame size
Ordering in the right size, and making sure it fits
What's the checklist when buying a second-hand frame?
How should I remove a tyre that's stuck to the rim with old sealant?
What should I do when my rear derailleur cable guide is too narrow?
Inside of my full suspension bike pivots is cracked!
Which upgrades are required for participate in cycle race?
heart rate monitor / arrythmia
Multiplication of Cassette Ratios
Finding the right size wheel for a electric bike kit
Who manufactures 590mm BSD (EA3 | 650A | 26 x 1 3/8) alloy touring rims?
Shimano MegaRange what type?
How to tell if Hollowtech II bottom bracket cups are aligned?
Oval p-clamps for front rack mounting in fork
Tips for amending apartment/condo bylaws around bike storage
Rear derailleur breakages
Is this front derailer snapped and/or bent?
replacing stolen rear wheel. compatability question
26 x 1.75 front wheel will work on a bike with a 26 x 1.95 rear wheel size?
Hybrid mountain bikes for the city?
trueing front bicycle wheel
Disc brakes make a grinding sound
Coaster brakes vs. Handle brakes
New chain 'jumps' on sprocket
Replacing rear derailleur on Murray 15 speed - Looking for parts
Why can't I find a comfortable saddle?
Replacement brake pads for SRAM Force 1/CX 1
How long should I ride?
How to check carbon frame for cracks
Older Jamis Boss Cruisers
Do I have Direct Mount or Hanger Mount?
Investing into a fixed bike
Advice on replacing a Weinmann brake caliper when the cable is fed from the bottom, please
Buy a bycicle - total noob?
Seating issues with plastic wheels
Tektro brake bleed block size?
TX50 7 Speed Setup?
Removing the return spring of a rear derailleur
Rear axle - converting from imperial to metric?
Not enough clearance on road discs for rotor (rotor rubbing)
Is it OK to have a single front chainring paired with 7 speed at the back?
Barrel adjuster for sram gx rear derailleur?
Why is Giant's older Roam 1 more expensive than the newer Roam 2 and 3?
Dynamo bike lights - unknown short circuit cause
Why does my drivtrain skip under hard torque?
What size hub do I need for a Giant Escape 2 (2016)?
Replacing Mechanical Disk Brake cables
Can I replace the eccentric bottom bracket in my Salsa El Mariachi with standard BB?
Did I just ruined my rear shock? fox float :(
Stats for stock wheels on Btwin Triban 540
Glossary of bike parts
Front hub conversion Shimano HB-M756L XT to Thru-axle
Too long hydro line
Require seatpost size of Dahon Vitesse D7
Rear view ears at speed
Installing downtube shifters with no clamp
Advice for buying a new crankset for my bike
I got a new inner tube but it's letting air out
Can I upgrade brakes despite interface difference
Due to hip and knee problems I need to fit my saddle a couple of inches further back is there a bracket available?
What are these tiny pieces of metal that came with my Giant TCR Advanced 2?
Lowering the stem on a Canyon Endurace
Identify this bicycle: Bianchi
Need Advice with upgrading Chainrings / Crankset
Bike Rack design
How does a bike 'degrade' whilst unused
Cooling down brakes and rims
Campy freehub body compatibility
1970-80's Roadmaster bike makes a clicking noise when turning right
Chain fell between cassette and spokes, what to replace?
Please identify a bike that is like a cross trainer
Is there a way to attach a safe box to a bike?
Bike seems less stable when using handlebar bag
Importance of tire width
Quick release skewer installation help
What kind of 24 inch bmx is this?
Presta Valve Core bent
Massive loss of pressure in my front tire but it still holds air
Tightened the bolts on the bottom of my suspension fork -- What now?
Shimano freewheel removal
How much does the price of a new bicycle drop a year after buying it?
Where should the brake calipers grasp the rotor?
Does USAC Allow Natural Suppliments?
Is there a way to remember pedal, crank position before taking sharp turns
What other tools do I need with my truing stand?
Rear bike stand: 2 points of contact vs 1
remove chainguard (?) lockring on fixed cup bracket
What happened to the Specialized Stumpjumper HT?
Max pressure of hydraulic mtb lever
Any idea what this bike is?
Bicycle box on train Gatwick to Reading
shimano CS-5600 compatible rear hub and freehub body
Quick Release vs Thru-axle specifications when buying wheels
How to remove and find a compatible chainring for my FSA Comet 1x10
will Shimano Shimano Dura Ace 7700 STI Flight Deck work with Rear Derailleur Shimano XT RD-M771
When engaging the brake lever: the cable loosens and doesn't stay in the other side (where the twisty bit is)
Frame lock that can lock without key inserted
Kids trailer (Weber hitch) on a folding bike (Tern Link)
Old SORA compatibility with new Claris
fixing uneven rim
Help to pick the right bike between these two
can you help me identify my haro frame?
Replace V-Brakes with Caliper Brakes on a Flat Bar Road bike
Is there a difference of spacing between cogs on a 7 speed cassette vs a 8 speed cassette?
Front panniers for 15 inch laptop
Right SADDLE SIZE
Sudden, loud creak from BB area
Sidewall repeatedly splitting in same place on rim
Braking on a vintage road bike
Chain jumps off when jumping
How to choose a frame to be sure it fits to the owned components?
Why are 36-spoke wheels a touring thing?
Update gearing Atom 77 freewheel 1989?
Generally, why Bicycle tires are thinner and Motorcycle tires thick?
Kickstands "designed for steel frame"
Quick - Maybe Question on changing gears
Are there big differences in maintenance/care between different types of clipless pedals?
How much float do the Speedplay Zero pedals have?
Installing Alfine shifter with nexus 8 hub
handling and steering difference for stem/bar reach combinations?
Is my bike capable of swapping for longer cranks?
How to correctly adjust 3 speed shifter
What are these cracks in the side of my bicycle tyre called? Does this mean that my tyre is gone?
Need to know what type of bike frame this is
Is this SRAM X-9 mech 10-speed compatible?
5~10mm rupture (crack) on my tire - should I replace it?
How often do you need to grease the crank?
Front hub not centered in dropouts
Do I need to change my tyres for a week of riding around Loch Lomond
Need help identifying a bike
Replacement timing: bottom bracket after gear and chain
What's this torque specification on the seatpost for?
How important is tire tread on a mtb used for commuting?
Adding pedals & training wheels to this balance bike?
Which 9 speed Shimano Cassette should I get?
My new crankset is stiff
What makes a great kids city bike? (and where can I find or how can I build one?)
Is UK National Cycle Network Route 20 fully open?
When to add decals
End of brake cable touches tire
Rear wheel tilted on the trainer
How to remove the visor of a POC Trabec helmet?
Inner Tube Replacement
What are the steps required to revert from STI shifters to friction shifters?
Mix Shimano Deore derailleurs with Microshift shifter for Shimano
Need to face head tube?
Rest or stretch following a fall?
SRAM 11 speed Apex derailleur w/ SRAM GX 10-42t cassette
Which rims should I purchase to avoid breakage of spokes?
How do you measure return on investment (ROI) for an electric bike?
Can this frame be saved?
Cyclocross suspension
Can't Find My Derailleur Hanger
What sort of SPD pedals should I use for cyclocross?
FSA MegaExo crank tensioner bolt, can I use any 12mm bolt?
changing 26 to 700 wheels on mountain bike?
Identify this Fuji
Carbon fiber crack?
What is the best way to train a person to ride?
What kind of Bottom Bracket is this? And what is broken?
Fox Talas FIT RLC 32 - broken lock and problem with the right leg
Win TdF without winning any stages?
Childrens' bike if I want to put my feet down?
What rear mech can I use with 105 shifter?
what is the official site of diamond bicycle or frame(not "diamondback")
Advantages with longer seatpost in the seat tube?
Does any body know the cost of switching rim brakes to disc brakes?
Dimensions of a hybrid clip on cycle fenders
Is it really safer to ride in the road than on the sidewalk?
How to avoid the road bike physique
Freehub body wiggles
Is "bike fit" through site reliable?
Why does RockShox say you shouldn't use a bolt on axle on their fork?
Motorists misjudge bicycle speed
Are there measurements of road bike tire friction coefficients?
Bottom bracket too tight to screw in by hand
To what extent am I responsible for stones flicked by my tires?
Clicking/cracking noise while seated
is this a good bike?
How do I attach this pump head to my Schrader valve?
How to attach graphics to frame
Cartridge bottom bracket with lockring on one side only
Saddle position for a long steep climb
What are these washers that came with my front wheel quick release?
What do I do after a tubeless tire has been punctured and self-sealed?
How can I tell what year my bike was made?
Finding the right size bicycle
cross country upgrades
Which mapping/route planning source should I trust for elevation
Schwalbe Marathon Plus and Micheli Protek Max: what are the fundamental differences?
Can i fit a 26 x 1.5 tyre to my wheel?
Why almost every custom framebuilder builds steel bikes, but not many work with aluminum?
Estimating FTP from Strava analysis
Double up-shift on Sram X01/XX1?
Best Gearing for a very fit but on his way out 52 year old
Prostate-friendly Saddle and Sitting Angle
What is the best position for mudguard in cycle
Do all or virtually all rear derailleurs actually have linear actuation ratios?
My bike suspension is very stiff how can I make it looser
I need a Crank Reccomendation. Single Speed, BB30
Accidentally clipped into Shimano PD-A530 BACKWARDS -- won't release!
Prevent trouser damage when biking?
How to remove this Shimano cassette (actually: freewheel)?
Chainring for 1x8 drivetrain
How do tire pumps work?
Name this small red plastic bicycle part
Will driving through heavy rain with bike on my car damage the bike?
Is it OK to ride in the drops almost the whole time?
Help identify this mixte
Help identifying problem with bike crankset/bottom bracket
Car as a bicycle
Judging a bicycle show
Cannondale SAVE frame technology in entry price
Hydraulic Disc Brakes Not Locking Up
How do I degloss my shiny bike?
Riding on a failing bottom bracket - what could possibly go wrong?
Is Back-pedalling normal ? chain keeps jumping from higher to lower cog in rear cassette
Where to get tiny tyres (~12 inch)
Changing the cassette: is it necessary to change the rear derailleur and/or chain?
Do i need to lube up my chain
Taking tighter lines
How to prevent Brooks Cambium C17 saddle from wearing through pants
Where is the best place to park a folding bike?
New steel frame, paint issue -- options?
Neck Pain on Road Bike
How to improve endurance to increase ride distance?
What are the reasons for using a cradle with a handlebar mounted drybag?
Hip pain out of the saddle
Shimano saint chain ring lower than 34 teeth?
Trouble with tension adjuster screws on 2012 Kona Unit
Rubber washer in camelback Antidote Reservoir 1.5L
Brake hanger causing seatpost slippage?
Locking pump dual nozzle on presta valve doesn't work
Curious about foot position on clipless and regular pedals when mountain biking
Replacing a Positron II with a modern gear shift
Chainring replacement for folding bike
Shimano FH-6800 rebuild or replace?
What is the difference in shifting performance between Campy rear derailleurs?
Best grease for drum brake?
Can a child seat attached post-manufacture be as good an attachment as a manufacture installation?
How should a good CX riding position "feel" (alternative to highly scientific measurements...)
Comparison of flat bar road bikes, cyclocross and hybrids for city and occasional dirt roads
Change activity type of a *.fit file
Shimano Claris st-2400 3x8 or 2x8?
rear derailer broken
Replacing rims with a 3mm effective diameter difference - can spokes be reused?
Is WTB Tubeless Compatible System rim incompatible with clinchers?
Is it ok to sit on the top tube of my Cannondale CAAD12 (2017 model)?
Alternating brakes on descents: is it really useful?
Bike for many short city commute AND long distance travels (partially dirt road)
Maximum Brake Temperatures
Installing a rear derailleur on a bike with a nexus 8 internal hub
Difference between Road/Mountain Hollowtech II Bottom Brackets?
26 inch wheels and fork on a 27.5+ frame
"Real" wheel diameter
Bicycle Pump: Dual (Schraeder/Presta) automatic valve stuck
Freehub stuck on wheel
What is this hook near the cantilever brakes?
Torn Michelin Pro4 Endurance tire
Possible to fit 7 Bikes in a Van/SUV?
Why does this bike have bosses on the bottom of the down tube?
What are the good bicycles available in India
How to clean an stone-stricken carbon MTB without doing damage to the carbon....?
I have a frame I want to identify.the serial number is GE481578
What kind of a nut is this holding my front wheels?
Increasing speed and reducing effort on steel MTB on the road
Fork Failure on Vintage Steel Tandem Bikes - Any insights?
How are these trikes able to spin around backwards?
Clicking with each pedal stroke, warranty?
Shimano disc brake hose compatibility
Identify Peugot from France, 1975-1980
When I pedal they keep shifting forward randomly but not moving the bike forward
Rear tire wobbling and feels "tight." Is it likely to be axle issue or no?
Could you please identify this wtb cantilever/roller cam brake
seat tube deformed, is it dangerous?
Can long cycle rides cause damage to people fitted with a bladder sphincter
Can I buy an aluminum seatpost with a chromoly frame
Do I need a Road Bike to go fast?
Internally-geared hub and chain case: running away from maintenance chores and grit damage
I purchased a mountain bike back in the 1990's at a yard sale
Going from MTB to CX - keep shoes?
What does it take to damage an internally geared hub?
Why are almost all bicycle tyres cross-ply/bias ply and not radial construction?
the thread for screwing in the pedal has been stripped on right side. Any way to avoid buying a whole new crank?
Could someone confirm my assumption about Btwin Original 520 Hybrid front wheel?
DIY Truing, Dishing Stand Experiment
Shared helmet etiquette
No locked off youth gearing restriction for road racing British National Series/Championships
Using 5wt suspension oil as lower leg bath
How to prevent chain looking dirty one ride after cleaning it!
What is causing strange resistance when pedalling forward?
Another (?) which-frame-size-to-choose post
Saddle keep tilting. Which spare to use to replace it?
Installing an IGH in a Trek District SSB
How to release brakes to install front tire
How to know what size bottom bracket to buy
Comfort Bike for commuting?
My bike tire just started rubbing against the frame. Please help me fix it
Road bike very twitchy when standing in the pedals?
Role of the part situated below the pedals?
66 yo female road bike rider needs advice on THE BEST CLIMBING components/groupsets available!
What happened to riding with no hands?
Maillard sprocket: is really this rare?
What is the maker and year of this frame with the serial number a2008112
Grand Canyon AL SL frame size - S vs M
How to remove a (press fit?) crank arm from a chain ring?
Puncture in SCHWALBE CITIZEN ACTIVE tire
Bicycle clicking awfully, with video
Increasing front axle dropout size
V-brake / cantilever pad alternatives for carbon rims?
what's the reason for different front and rear tire sizes on a XC MTB?
Is it worth upgrading my wheels on a commuter?
Shimano cassette compatibility
Shimano Steps E600 trip meter
I've got a old school chrome bike serial number starts with AV can you please identify what kind of bike I have
What is the widest range IGH available? (and how does it compare to derailleurs)
Grip diameter of a riser bar?
Bike Hydraulic Brakes constantly pressing against the rotor
Square taper crankset develops play after changing bottom bracket
Thru axle for rim brake road bikes
How much better are aerodynamics between a vintage road bike and a top of the line aerobike?
Chain contact on rear triangle
How to dry out the inside of a bicycle frame?
Is Shimano 36/24 double crankset possible?
Damaged paint on fork dropouts (magnesium) – is it dangerous?
Do I need to remove & service integrated headset bearings when replacing fork?
Is 1x11 better than any 2X10?
What color bikes for Guys?
Does anything need to be changed with cassette?
Cracked chainstay weld -- now what?
Can I Interchange Wheel Sizes On One Frame?
What tool can I use to tighten SRAM GXP bottom bracket without removing the cranks?
Shimano Tourney rear derailleur 34t support?
Jc higgins manifold bike
Help identifying brand of bicycle
pegas bike model
Distance discrepancies between Strava and bike computer
What kind of upgrades to a BMC AC02 hybrid?
Does MTB tyres wear off fast in City - gravel pavement streets, city road?
Mounting long reach center pull brake on Marrakesh (or similar disc-braky) frame?
How to grease an internal hub gear?
Noisy chain when under tension
What considerations are there around replacement of cable-actuated disc brakes with hydraulic-actuated calipers?
If I change my cassette to a different range do I need to change my chain?
My Rockshox fork won't close
Is it imperative to shift to a higher gear when in a descent?
Intermitant noise
Recommended transmission for a commuting bike
Are my gears setup backwards?
Both brakes don't work well
use with SHIMANO 105 FD-5504 Front Derailleur on crankset 26/36/48t
Senator bicycle
What cassette remover tool I should order for Shimano CS-HG50?
Is 17 miles (27km) each way a lot for a newbie cyclist?
Helmet strap loosens as I ride then the day after becomes too tight
what is the correct tire size for a trek 7300 multitrack?
Consequences of driving a dynamo backwards
Not enough space between front mounted child bike seat and rider
taking bike on vacation
Riding my bike on empty pavement when the road is busy UK
What is the difference between these styles of helmet?
Getting my first Road Bike
What could be preventing my bicycle from shifting gears?
French thread BB
Gear cable replacement
Front fender rubbing on tire
Ways to combine Shimano M-615 SGS with 9-speed cassette and shifter
How do I lock out the front fork on my RST Neon shock?
Friction in newly installed bottom bracket
Can I use my Endurance bike for my first race?
Are bicycles with wide tires bad for road racing?
Mounting Shimano Acera Derailleur: Supposed Gap?
Can I fit 26 x 2.2 tyres to my 26 x 2.25 wheels on my mountain bike?
Converting 3x to 1x Drivetrain
Removing smooth bolt pedals?
What do i need to know about buying a new back wheel for my mountain bike
How do I differentiate the many varieties of brake/shifter cables?
Need easier gearing. What would the effect of changing the chainring or cassette be?
Used wheels - corrosion or dried rim tape adhesive?
Can my bike support a kickstand?
Could a road bike be used for cyclocross?
Strange cable mount
New Schwinn 700c (bike in a box) assembly
Disc brake adapter too close to rotor
Can I use a bike for commuting 10km everyday at Jönköping (Sweden)?
Nukeproof Pulse SRAM PG-1030, 11/26, 10-speed to 11/36t, 10-speed
Can e-bikes speed up my commute? Which class?
How secure are Security Wheel Skewers like Zéfal Lock'n'Roll?
Why are brake ferrules longer than shift ferrules?
What kind of dyno is this?
What kind of convex washer goes on the brake pads?
I don't know what kind of bike this is. I need the name of this frame before I trade somebody
Should this wheel be fixed or replaced?
BSA Bottom Bracket Replacement
Snapped powerlink, new powerlink or new chain?
Caliper brake -- middle piece loose
Damage hole in seat tube after sandblasting, is it possible?
Bike fitting for sore hands, Peugeot ~85 used as commuter
is a SRAM XX 1 crankset compatible with an XT 8000 BB
Is this a real vintage Bianchi Strada?
can bottom bracket type be determined without disassembly?
What are these holes for in my Diamondback Sorrento?
Rear hub loose after several days in the car
Are there any differences between Shimano 10-speed connecting pins?
How much does wind affect the speed of a professional cycling peloton?
Is it possible to repair a dent on frame?
Brake Adjustor Help
carbon frame chipped
Determine what headset bearing size
The bike shop won't fix my newly bought bike
Can I use an RC motor to make my bike electric?
Will my commute get easier?
Buying bike parts from Chinese suppliers like Aliexpress
Frame-mounted basket options
Is it possible to replace the seat rails on a saddle?
Harsh Winters bike - Steel vs aluminum frame?
What are the best ways to start gravel biking for a complete novice (in the Bay Area)?
Reverse FTP measurement
Planetary gears slip transmission
Shimano ultegra 11-28 to 12-32 options?
What do I need to look for when buying a new rear wheel?
Tyre Has Randomly Deflated
Changing wheel size on Jamis Aurora Elite to 26"?
ParkTool CC-2 chain checker incorrect readings
How do i know which wheels will fit my bike?
Bicycle acts like it's braking when I walk it
How do I find a replacement rear axle?
Looking for solutions to shorten warm up time
Chain keeps slipping on in-hub geared bike. Stretched chain?
Rear Tyre torn at rim - what was the cause?
Labour cost in building a wheel
Mechanic and top rider's bike on right side of team car - why?
Attacking during a race when your competitor has a mechanical failure?
Where is the rear wheel quick-release mechanism on my bike?
Upgrading tires on my road bike
Road Bike Survivability
Help figuring out make/model/year of this bike?
8spd to 11spd upgrade
Where can you park your bike?
How much can I reuse paraffin to wax to my chain?
Loud cracking noise after installing new chain
I can't tell what kind of frame I have
Do you need brakes on a trainer / on rollers?
Why are folding bike warranties so short?
Tire Change Compatibility
Wheels don't move freely after installing pinhead skewers
When to shift gears on a hybrid bike?
Raleigh Bike Model Identification
Are modern frame locks "safe"?
Gear keeps falling back to gear 6
Trying to find out brand of frame
My rear wheel keeps getting side to side wobble issues. Can it be too much pannier weight?
Is It ok to store your bike outside for 8 hours/day?
Waiver for medication during race?
What might be causing rear casette to creak?
Subtle click on left Shimano 4700 STI brake lever when applying brake while moving forward
Can someone tell me what year this Elgin Sears Roebuck bike is and what model?
Does an old tire become tight?
Convert Sturmey-Archer AW hub to AWC
Why are puncture-resistant tires not used in professional races?
Why does the Tour de France have a minimum weight limit on the bicycles?
Can rubber hoods be used on a different brand of brake levers?
Will I be able to change my fork?
Throbbing in outer quad above knee
When should I move onto double jumps from tabletops?
Which is safer: country road vs highway?
Max weight for Weber Coupling trailer
bigger tires smaller bike
TdF: How does putting one team member in a break away help the rest of the team?
Are there rules for how many riders can be in a World Tour team?
Bike saddle position for mountain biking/jumping?
How to build stamina and speed?
Frozen Fork on 2011 Diamondback MTB
Charging mobile phone using the battery of a rechargeable bike light?
Chain slips/jumps occasionally (with all new parts)
Upgrade old road bike to 7-speed rear derailleur?
ID my bmx please
Squeaky coasting and back pedal
Is there an inherent problem with expanding chainring drives such as Veridrive and WaveTrans?
Can this bent (after crash) rigid steel fork get repaired?
Maximum efficient wheel weight for a bicycle?
Citizen folding bike 3 speed - pedal slipping
8 speed drivetrain stronger than 9 speed?
Is it possible to mount a derailleur on this bike?
How to install a chain that has a pre-fitted pin?
9 speed SRAM X5 trigger shifter only clicks 5 times and skips through a lotta gears
Clicking noise gets better with water
Generally can I fit 650b wheels on a modern CX frame?
How to open Gazelle Orange c7+ chain case?
How to fully maintain a bicycle myself?
9 of 10 on 7 speed freehub
Front wheel axle making clicking sound
Is there any significant gain of the bell super 3r mips over the 2r mips?
Repeated Disk Contamination
Rear wheel keeps moving forward in frame no matter how hard I tighten the bolts. Any solutions?
Downgearing with a road triple
adding bottomless tokens for rockshox Rock Shox 30 Gold Solo Air 100mm
Are there real use of the lowest bicycle speeds?
Changing a spoke on a rear wheel
Does riding high gear up a hill damage a recumbent bike?
How to determine what kind of front derailleur can be used on my recumbent trike?
will an old wheelset support 28mm (28c) 700c tires or will they "balloon"
Does too high "B-tension" increase wear
lock jammed on bike
Play in the suntour front suspension of my raleigh hybrid bike, what exactly is the problem? can i repair on my own?
Disc Pad Materials
Fitting tires on Reynolds Strike SLG
Stripped threading on upper rear rack bracket
Entry level bike for 140kg rider - what features to look for and what to avoid?
Luggage carrier for fatbike
What Factors Should I Consider When Picking a Base Bar
Priorities for Limited Funds
Newly replaced BB loose after only 25km
Hope pro 4 rear hub wear
Maximum Descending Speed
Help with flats
pairing a Duotrap sensor the the ibike Newton
Replacement part for old Schwinn pump
Does this wear pattern on my shorts indicate an issue with my position on my road bike?
Is my frame cracked?
Remove SRAM Guide with internal routing
Difficulties changing from a folding bike to a full sized MTB - why?
Can I install a handlebar brake handle without removing the grips?
A Good Workout Plan For a Busy Person?
Bike ride not smooth
Can i Ride my giant talon 3 downhill
Road bike raises my heart rate more tahn my MTB?
Child sleeping in bike trailer
How to disassemble this v brake arm?
How to tighten gates belt drive on Focus planet 8
Norco 7.1 charger with rockshox 30 gold tk. Can I upgrade to rebas
Big hit 2 chainstay design
What's a good way of cooling down my legs after a long ride? Are pain-relief sprays a good idea?
Can I use adapter to adjust Q-Factor like curved cranks?
Long tour in winter
Central axis motor or wheel motor for conversion to electric bike?
Loosen the handbrake in mecanical disk-brake
What is the maximum tire pressure?
I just bought a new Cube Hyde Bike
Mysterious squeaky sound
Beginner always sliding forward on seat
Why are tandem pedals mounted with the same position?
Brake doesnt apply properly
what rebound setting on my fork does
Does one replacement automatically require another?
Group Set Swap, Tourney to Claris
What makes a durable and dependable commuter bicycle?
What would be the best bike frame to build a gravel bike?
Clicking noise coming from rear
Have i got the right Derailleur
What are the potential causes of my fingers going numb when riding?
Is centering axle by eye good enough?
4 punctures in one week, even after replacing tube and tire, what's happening?
Why do bikes have carbon forks?
Boost 148 and 110 standard specification
What's the difference between power meter and bike computer?
There don't seem to be many (or any?) carbon wheels for 9 speed bikes
Specialized tri-spoke rear wheel free hub replacement?
Interpreting a frame number digit
What happens to the dynamics of a bike as a trailer load approaches a significant percentage of the weight of the bike and rider?
Is the FOx TALAS 32 RLC suitable for reasonable jumps, ligh DH?
What is this part called?
Which threaded fasteners on a bike should not be lubricated?
I have a schwinn ranger 24" with a tourneyTX derailleur, what options/alternatives do I have to change the rear derailleur?
Threaded post V brake pads
Plastic Seat for Vintage Kids Tricycle
Steerer tube shims for quill stem?
Gears and chains
Are there dynamo powered front flashing lights?
Higher saddle height and pressure on palm
Repeated front wheel puncture
Rear pannier bags on touring mountain bike
Minimum brake rotor sizes
Road bike commuting
Need help debugging ebike: Laggy motor / inconsistent behavior
How do I tell what needs repaired/replaced/cared for?
Correctly sized chain with impossible too loose B-screw adjustment?
Loose cassette on road bike
My husband is a beginner in cycling and needs some motivation
Front derailleur won't change to low gear
Replacing thick tire with thin tire
Does master-link size matter?
Need to identify this Frame Please
How do you determine which cassette lockring tool you need?
Shimano Hydraulic brake 90-degree angle hack
Wobbly wheel - spokes or bearings
How can I print a map with my GPS track?
what could be the reason for very inacurate strava tracks of my bike excursions?
rack for Kona Paddy Wagon
Nasty noise from chain device
My handlebar and My front tube are no longer one. Might I have died?
Are bike chains in Europe different?
Will this crankset be a good replacement
Chain sometimes jumps. New parts
Bike too small some help?
Bicycle band brake
Turn single speed into multi speed!
Remove Maillard freewheel
Can someone help identify my vintage bike frame?
RockShox Psylo oil replacement
Should I lubricate rear derailleur wheels
Which is the strongest lacing pattern for 32 and 36 spokes
Can't Tighten Handlebars
Buying a new rear wheel
Rear wheel rubbing frame
Alternative to traditional brake hoods?
What do i do if the bicycle rack on the bus is full?
Is there a ranking of bicycle manufacturer brands in terms of quality?
Bump on tire near valve after tube replacement
Is it worth swapping two front-wheel hubs?
How old is my bike
Failing hub bearings on a beater bike (freewheel) -- time to replace the bike?
Rear rotor drag when I shift my weight left
Help identify this Raleigh bike
measuring a spoke that's already in a wheel
Should I care about brands of tires?
I'm a novice not sure where to get a bike education?
Sudden loss of air on tubless tyre, and now it won't inflate
Is this a cracked frame?
Is there a lightweight electric assist braking system that can be applied to a bicycle trailer?
Grease for hub bearings? (NLGI grade)
Can riding without a chain damage a bike?
Cracked frame riding into the back of car, what's salvageable?
Tire and Tube size mismatch
Front rack mounting?
Hydraulic disc brakes not sticking after replacing pads and bedding in
Is slop in the headtube normal?
Will mountain bike front derailleur work with Shimano Tourney index shifter?
How is bicycle trailer stability affected by hitch position?
Derailer/hanger for Cannondale Jekyll
How do I tune slipping gears?
Is a name sticker with my name enough to prove a bike is mine if it gets stolen?
Can I replace 11 speed 11-40t with a 11-42t or 11-46t staying with Shimano XT family?
What substance do they use to grease bottom bracket, crank, pedal bolts etc?
Adjust rear derailleur - strange behavior
How to find key values of a chain?
Possible to identify sprocket without taking the bike apart?
Croozer hitch -- axle quick release lever on the left?
What is the smallest width of a tire for a given rim width?
Is a Vittoria Randonneur 28- or 32-622 on a hook-less 23 mm rim feasible?
How does one upgrade a bicycle?
What could be the cause of phantom pain?
Front Brake Dilemma
Bike chain rattles
Single switch light system?
Chain Slips in certain gears
How should a competitive cyclist approach hills?
Brake levers for bullhorn on single speed - tt/cross or both?
what are the widest 700c available(with kevlar)?
Wobbly bottom bracket on Radford, need guidance to replace
Which bike lock should I choose?
rear bike rack compatibility
Tying tether on old luggage rack
Convert Shimano Ultegra 6870 rear mech from short cage to medium cage
Installing solid tires without locking pins?
Who has the right of way crossing a shared pedestrian crosswalk / bike path? (USA)
What brand of frame do I have?
Does changing gear relation produce different speed at same applied power?
Alternative to Cane Creek 200TT Brake Levers
Is it safe to wear a helmet without a plastic covering?
Replacement Freehub cassette
Brake fluid squirts out of brake lever
Using Nylon vs. Silicone Washer on Bafang BBSHD BBS01 Mid drive E-bike Motor Assembly
Is it possible to upgrade a 6 speed mountain bike to 7 or 8 speed?
Where do I get this part for my v brake?
Fitting a vibration-proof bell for drop bars
What is low gear and what is high?
Should I buy a new bike rack if my current one has been bent?
painting a machined rim
Difference in Chain Types
Busting on inflation - is the issue the tube or the tire?
Cannondale 24 Speed BIke
Help identifying Freewheel lockring
Shifting down problem with roadlink
What saddle rail material is the strongest?
Do bikes with carbon frame get detected by induction loops?
compatible Shimano 3 speed left shifter (model: ST-EF51-AL)?
Should I get a size up or a size down bike?
Are black bikes really stolen more than other colors?
Charging eBike Battery with Solar
How do I mount rear derailleur on frame without separate hook part?
What are the advantages of the Burley hitch design?
Regarding information about wheel wobble
Mounting mini-pump on frame
What are the advantages (or dis-) of the GT triple triangle frame?
Brake lever leaks. What to do?
What to replace after using WRONG hydraulic fluid
How do I best clean the cog wheels?
Disk Brake shudder felt through fork and frame
Oil or grease leaking, I think, from hub
Only rear cross lever on bullhorns
Handlebar stolen along with gear shifter and brake triggers. What to do how much am i looking to spend?
Why mountain bikes had originally 26 inch wheels?
Are children's helmets with styling less safe?
Tires Not Taking in Air But Will Let Air Out
Are tubeless tires the solution to frequent flat tires?
Is running shifter cables over the stem a bad idea?
Outboard bearing bottoms bracket (hollowtech II) - assessment of wear and lateral play, lifespans & when to replace?
My tires are 700x23/25C. What does 23/25 mean?
Is it safe to cut off from the inside of my helmet?
Why would spokes break at the flange early?
What are the benefits of cycling gloves?
Panniers on front suspension forks
Why would a tire be for trainer use *only*?
Can I buy a Locking Thru Axle for extra security?
Help identifying tandem frame
New Cable Anchor Bolt for SunTour Accushift Edge
Seeking information on this Raleigh
Please help Identify Italian frame
Can't identify this bolt. Please help. Bolt from adjustable stem
Anyone have issues using cx tires on the road when its wet?
is bicycle helmet actually safe?
Help identifying folding bike
Need help identifying year of Ultegra rear derailleur
How do so many bicycles end up in the canals of Amsterdam?
Lighted ankle straps
Bottom Bracket compatibility?
How do I find a replacement Seat Post Binder screw for CAAD8
Using tandem bike wheel on regular bike
What 70's/80's freewheel threading is most common in central or eastern Europe?
Replacing bolt and nut
Should I consider buying a velomobile as my daily commute vehicle instead of a bike?
Can the brake levers be moved from the side to the top of the handlebar?
Fixing balky front shifting
Should a new rear shock be building oil in the shaft?
Can tire sealant be used in anti-decubitus cushion?
Can 2.40 tires fit a 20 inch rim?
Why do e-bikes need dedicated tires?
Will this all fit together?
How to reassemble Trek 820 rear wheel?
Can a road bike stand constant 40km/h for long distances?
Why are recumbents so slow uphill?
Top speed for Cannondale Bad Boy
Easy to take care and maintain bike
Training wheels for adults
Should I lubricate a BBS01 clutch?
I need a new derailleur
Vinyl Frame wrap
Cyclocross bike as a touring bike
Help identify this loop frame bike
The stem connects the handlebars to the...?
Carrera Virtuoso Rear Derailleur hanger bolt hole with HeliCoils?
Shoes supporting heel-mounted cleats
Mountain bike or street
Shimano Nexus SG C6000-8R and SL-S503
How well does Mountain Bike body armor work?
Stupid question: does my rear derailleur have a hanger?
Securing belongings when entering a store that forbids outside bags
Should I change gear set to increase gear ratio on old bike (2011 GT Zaskar)?
I need help to identify my bmx bike by using serial numbers
How can I extend my rear rack backwards?
Using compressor gauge to determine tyre pressure?
Resources for finding cycling partners
Converting Jamis Coda Comp from 8 speed to 10 speed?
What is the black piece above the bottom bracket on this bike?
what oil for daily fork tube lubrication?
Giant Terrago 26 inch, can i have disc brakes?
Phillips brand c1950? Please help me identify this awesome old frame!
What kind of BMX bike did i find?
Can anyone help me identify this touring bike?
New front forks
Why are emergency inflation cartridges filled with CO2?
What sort of wipes should I use to clean a bike with disposable wipes?
On recumbent trikes, vs road bikes which is safer down hill?
I just bought a Giant TCX SLR 2, but I still have money to spend. Which parts should I upgrade?
Does cycling without stretching make you shorter?
front gear shifters not working
What special measures do I have to take to commute in frigid temperatures?
Pros and cons of progressive suspension?
Are flats more likely in hot weather?
How do I get the right parts for my BMX?
Helmet law in Spain?
Tubeless with liquid or inner tubes with liquid?
Faster Wheels & Tyres for my Cyclocross bike
How do I patch a tube's ribbed area?
Bought used bike, Shimano derailleur does not work - how to repair or replace?
Will I be disappointed with these brakes?
How does a bicycle pump *head* work?
Waterproofing leather bike shoes
Can a gear change snap my chain?
When shifting gears, how does a bike chain catch the new cog so reliably?
Restoring BSA bike - replacing rear wheel and freewheel
How does a double-headed bicycle pump work
Adult tandem trike conversion
Can tricep pain be cause by having a smaller bike frame?
I keep getting flats right at the valve!
Campy index shifting
Tried to tighten the brakes, won't grip at all
Can I break a single speed chain with kmc universal link
Saddle choice for long distance rides
Help identifying the model and year of this classic steel, women's bike
How can I avoid tearing the valve loose from an inner tube with a wheel lock?
Refurbishing 1994 Trek 950
What are a 'coach lines'
Difference between a professional bike restoration place respraying and power coat company?
Problem getting to big ring with XTR M960 Shift Lever
Giant ATX 2 2017 axle size?
Commuting 36 kms, 5 days a week
Kids bike overlapping frame sizes, can you go up one size?
Bottle on frame alternative
Crank extractor not screwing in properly
Which of those 2 bikes is better
Wind's effect on light rider?
Chain is locking up
Creak in bottom bracket, resistance while pedalling backwards
What's the name of the tool to bevel bar ends?
Will Deore M6000 SGS derailleur work with 42t cassette in 1x10 configuration?
Help with multiple item compatibility
Valve extender snapped off
Difference between two drivetrains with the same gear ratio?
What year and make BMX do I have?
Is it annoying to carry a backpack when riding a road bike?
How to tighten SRAM HRD Rival brake lever?
Reposition pedal on a fixed gear (fixie)
What model of BMX frame do I have?
Very nonstandard question: Is there any way to widen a tire by combining it with some other tire (cut and re-glue)?
How should I train for gravel rallies?
Does sunlight damage helmet?
How do I find gear info for my bike?
Can I fit a bigger tire on my bike
Bicycle Headlights for Commuting. Can't Decide
Why replace brake cartridge when grooves wear off
I read that "training is needed" before your voice can replace a horn. Why might this be?
Recommendation for trainer tire 28 x 1 5/8 x 1 3/8
I generally commute along four-lane 30 mph [50 km/h] main streets. Is this wise?
What are the directions for removing the bottom bracket bearing caps?
Record Bags for Bikes
Rear derailer/chain skipping/shifting issues
Gravel Riding: Why gravel wheel over lighter XC mtb wheel?
Measuring chainline without cranks?
Desirable maximum steering angle
How to measure frame size kids bike
Trigger shifters partly malfunctioning
Outside of Schrader valve is inflating. This isn’t right, is it?
Rear derailleur adjustment screws
How to improve band brake?
What did people ride for cold weather cycling "back in the day?" (Is it cheap?)
Why does shifting under power affect shift quality?
Recommendations on how to make grips more comfortable?
What kind of road bike wheels do I need to replace my stolen ones?
Click/snap sound while fastening brake lever onto carbon bar
Experience biking with child trailer during winter?
Can I remove the clutch system from bike helmet?
Brand New Bicycle Brake Cables Popping out
Presta or shrader valve for mtb?
What kind of rear wheel do I need?
What kind of chain to buy for internal gears?
Road bike around 1000 dollars
Which bike is better?
What is the difference between a speedometer and a power meter in terms of performance measurement?
What makes snap-on roll-up reflective bands want to roll up?
How do I thread rear derailleur cable through this adjuster?
Swapping out my front and rear derailleurs
QR Rockshox Reba fork for Axle frame?
What kind of shoes can you use with Garmin Vector pedals?
Threading shimano chain, over or under lug?
Is a bicycle wheel an indeterminate structure?
Why don't BMX plugs fit on MTB riser bar?
Installing a Bottle Cage without Mounting Screws/Threads
How to service a Shimano TZ rear mech?
Chain going out of the assembly
Bike doesn't brake immediately and comes to a squeaking stop. Do I need to get new brake pads?
My chain slips when I use an inappropriate gear, and the chain loosens when changing gears (most of the time). What should I do?
9-speed to 10 or 11-speed conversion
Rear derailleur is not working correctly
What GT bike is this?
Shimano a410 compatible brifters
Putting rear hand brakes onto a 16" Diamondback Jr Viper
How to use a single caliper truing stand (vs dual caliper)?
Need some help with suspension on Mongoose Salvo Comp FS
Hayes Nine Hydro brakes - oil
Help finding correct headset for Focus Izalco Max Disc
What kinda bike is this?
Ways to protect suspension from wear
What is the foam tube on the top of bmx frame for?
Pedal and Cassette Shake
How can I tilt up a stem of my bike's handlebar which is held by two bolts?
How to fix an old bike I found?
Using head light as bar light?
Clicking front wheel, road bike
The lever came off my thru axle. Now what?
Cycling glasses life span
New brake pads, very slow to stop
How do I identify the correct battery for my electric bicycle?
Compatible crankset for my singlespeed
How efficient is string bike? Is this really a revolutionary bike?
Rear tire tearing away from bead
Hearing the outside world through headphones
Why is my bike looking so light yet so cheap as I make a list of what I need to build it?
Baby seat for stoker's seat post on tandem
Help identifying a 1980s Shimano 600 road bike
Ferrule size for a road brake cable housing slot?
Fastest way to get faster up hill
Front caliper rubbing spokes, should I dish the wheel outward?
DT swiss 370 hub ends in a thread, what is is for?
Very loud cracking/creaking sound on the bike?
Mongoose Malus Chainring upgrade
Easiest fix for this transmission problem?
SG-X chainring compatibility issues
Conical head tube: does it really make huge difference?
Max weight of child, for rear bike seats - why is it always (seemingly) 22kg?
What is the name of this small component inside Shimano Tourney STI
Electronic shifting for planetary gear hub
Help decoding a J.C. Higgins frame number on a vintage cruiser
Tube won't inflate or deflate
Where can I return a Gobee bike in Paris?
What do I do if my brakes keep squeaking when I press on them? Do I use lubricant or what?
What is wrong with my headset
Does having bigger wheels mean less effort pedaling?
Retrofitting disc brakes on 2000 Specialized Stumpjumper FSR XC?
Can I upgrade to SRAM GX Eagle from Shimano Acera 9 Speed?
Is Ultegra 6800 GS compatible with an HG800 11 speed 11-34 cassette?
Has SRAM discontinued i-light hub dynamo?
How to install flat mount road disc brake calipers on IS mount bike?
BR505 disc vs Ultegra 6800 caliper
Using 57-559 (26x2.25) tire instead of 54-559 (26x2.1) on a mountain bike?
Can I add a gear to my Tourney 14-34T freewheel
Tubular tyres on carbon tri bike
Why do the majority of people on an ebike ride at a fairly low cadence?
TRP spyre mounts wider than rear disc mount positions
Difference between BR-IM and BR-C Shimano drum brakes?
Ghetto Tubeless w/ Gorilla Tape on a BMX Bike or Dirt Jumper - Good Idea?
Is it safe to attach a flashlight to a helmet?
Gears shifter kinda working
How to maintain Suntour XCR Air RL-R (remote lockout air/oil) front fork?
Riding in single line
bike lane interuptions
Can I add spacers to my cassette and crank to fit 3" tyres?
Can I use Avid olive and connector insert in a Shimano brake?
Can I use a 3x10 or 3x9 speed (front) chainring in a 3x8 speed drive?
Recommended exercises for preparing to bicycle commute
Are "V" brake rims safe to use with discs
Need help understanding wheel sizes
Pedal power meters on off-road / MTB
Winter face protection
Dynamo light without rear light connected?
Unable to get into a 'TT' position, is my bike fit wrong, or am I just fat?
Why do I keep getting cut looking flats?
On frame geometry: does it matter so much?
Mino quick link geometry adjustment, what can I do with it?
Replaced chain, now the chain falls onto the small chaining
How do I remove my bicycle handlebars that are connected by a single rusted bolt?
What's the purpose of the channel in the brake track of this rim?
What if I choose replacement tires narrower than my current tires?
Fixed Gear crank arm slips
Why are bearing ball sizes measured in imperial units?
What kind of suspension do I have and how do I make it more soft? (I'm quite small)
My chain slips despite new parts and tuneup
Bought a Genesis bicycle for £100 and wanted to know if it was worth it since I can't quite identify the exact model
Will 0.5mm gap/play in a seatpost shim work without cracking the seatpost tube?
Why has the Centeron pulley disappeared on many Shimano rear derailleurs?
Use of winter (studded) tires on only one wheel?
Which bikes come with SRAM Automatix
Mudguard bracket clearance
E-bike drivetrain demagnetization
Approx age of my Vindec
Does Strava display live watts while biking?
Convert Cannondale Quick5 Hybrid to a road bike?
Brake lever clamp too loose for handlebars
Can't reassemble Shimano bar-end shifters
is it possible to put a bigger than 34t chainring on Merida e160?
Alternative to tuning automatic hub?
How to mount a derailleur hanger on this frame?
Wheel spoke reflector Flectr
Campagnolo single speed conversion - can I use a 10sp cog?
Which ball bearings to put in Union K10491 pedals?
How much do ball bearings wear?
What's causing my thumb tremor after riding?
Jumping - What happens if you pull your back/front brake in the air?
Rear Suspension Setup
FSA No 10 - Upgrade
Repair or Replace Shifters
Help! My Campagnolo Record 11 shifters get stuck on my bar tape
Do 6 speed flight deck shifters exist?
Can I ride side by side with another cyclist in Switzerland?
Can you reattach an SRAM powerlock?
Derailleur On A Single Speed
Gates Carbon drive on a Trek FX-S5 (Commuter)
How to take a drink while riding?
Brake pads variety
Getting a Brompton on and off a plane without going broke
Microshift levers with Ultegra brakes
How to keep my testicles from freezing on a recumbent
Do freewheel/cassette/chains come as a set?
Which size inner tubes to buy?
Is a BB spindle sleeve required?
Where is my Record Luxus Racer bicycle from?
Sora front derailleur friction shifter
Upgrading cassette from 11-28T to 11-32T?
Comparing different year group-sets
How to prevent Alfine 8 from "skipping"/"slipping under load?
Can a hub casing be warped/bent?
Change nexus 8 brake
Degreaser and oil recommendations for Nexus 8
What is the process of adding a light to a Yamaha PW equipped ebike?
Choosing frame size when still growing
How do mechanics test problem that are only happening under load?
Rapid-fire Gear Shifter won't shift
How many fingers on the brakes for a road bike?
adding bullhorn handlebars, what about shifter and rear derailleur?
Shimano Steps E6000 battery charge percentage falls abruptly
7 speed cassette on a direct drive trainer from freewheel bike
Need help getting the right derailleurs for a vintage 12 speed double
Scott Aspect 710 chain: Shimano or SRAM?
Converting tandem to cargo bike
Hydraulic disc brakes on cross bike (post mount)
How can I learn to sprint and ride out of the saddle?
Commuting bike with the bowed top tube
STI brake shifters for cantilever brakes?
How to pick a replacement rear wheel for GT Grade Alloy 105
Could I have enough chain retention on a 1X system with just a narrow wide chainring without a clutch?
What size rear axle and cones for 1999 Schwinn Cruiser 6?
Alternative way for truing disc brake rotor after a couple of truing procedures
How long will Ultegra 6800 parts be available?
B01s brake pads
Must replacement crankset have the same number of teeth?
Rear disc brake rotor rubbing against caliper frame mount?
For fitness's sake, is it better to ride with low cadence in high gear or higher cadence in medium gear?
Can standard cartridge wheel bearings "shrink" over time?
Dent in titanium MTB frame, is the frame OK to ride?
Can anyone identify this badge?
What tyre widths I can use?
What do you do if you find your stolen bike's frame on ebay?
How To Improve?
Changed chainset, bottom bracket, wheels and cogset and find these parts left over, and the rear wheel clicking?
How do I know if a given hardtail mtb frame is 'supposed' to have suspension forks?
What are the brake housing stoppers on the end of the brake housing called (see pic)
YouE planetary motor is having problems how do I pinpoiont the problem?
What model is this Specialized bike?
Created a unique approach to a tricycle, searching if others exist
Choosing the right tube for my tire
Are there any major outstanding recalls of bicycle parts?
Is Megavalanche suitable for beginners?
Wanting to change from bar end to road shifters
Does carrying a chain lock around on the frame reduce a bicycle's performance?
What are these tools in this bike maintenance toolkit?
Measuring tension in double butted spokes
Breaking spokes very often at J bend
Chains and casette are rusty
Can I upgrade my XC bike with a full-suspension, carbon fiber MTB frame?
Bike travel bags, hard cases, and homemade bags
What is this tool for? Likely something to do with cables?
Clattering brakes on Liv Envie
Proper lateral rear hub position (with spacers)
Will I need a new derailleur when changing to a higher ranged cassette?
Buying a DH frame to build an Enduro?
Parafin wax vs wet lube for bike chain lubrication?
Finding other riders for a cross country tour for charity
Can you use bicycle boulevards for effective interval training?
How to get the rear wheel off Pure Cycles bike
Is white spirit a too aggressive degreaser?
Upgrading suspension fork
Can I reuse an old rim to build a new wheel?
Why would a salty damp road be slipperier than the same road just damp?
Mountain bike sizing for a short female
I'm looking for a chainring compatible with bb86
Should I buy this (gently) used, 15 year old, helmet?
Longer pivot bolt for the front road brake?
Seeking advice: single speed conversion, Fuji ultimate road bike (old!) - Which kit? Which chain? etc
How should I approach safe cycling?
TRP HY-RD brake pistons won't retract to take new pads
Focus Urban/Planet 8 torque settings?
What is the potential danger of riding bicycle with cracked chainstay and how to fix it?
Replace truvativ crank
Why the adjustable spring tension on the cage of Shimano rear derailleurs?
What headsets can be used to replace the FSA No.57/No.61BP headset?
Storing clip for Pro Design Aero Bottle
Shimano 11 speed road shifters with 10 speed hub?
Hydraulic to mechanical conversion - cable routing
How does one wear leg warmers without them sliding down?
Is there a pump / Schrader valve adapter that prevent leakage during disconnection?
Does a helmet become useless after it slips from the hand and hits the ground?
Winter tires break in
How to avoid cramped/compressed breathing?
Is it better to have less flywheel weight on exercise bikes?
Many punctures on my 18" wheels Strida
Is there a website which lists all the climbs?
Looking for a new bike, any tips for buying a good bike?
Trying to find Derailleur hanger for a custom road frame
What should you do if you find a bike that appears to be stolen?
Gearing change on Mongoose Malus
Alternating two forks on a single bicycle — do I need two headsets?
Can I upgrade a Norco Yorkville for a 260 pound rider plus cargo?
Effect of helmets and other impressions of the bike rider on driver behaviour?
What is the cause of my fork wobbling when applying the front brake?
Should I buy average tires with puncture resistant tire liners or just puncture resistant tires?
Effect of reducing tire pressure for riding on snow
What instead of Sram Spectro s7 shifter
When shifting both left and right shifters, what's the preferred sequence?
Change Tiagra Cassette 12-28 to 11-34
Crash due to water bottle
Schrader inner tube gets cut by Presta sized hole in rim
Rear gears not shifting between 6 and 7
What are the advantages of having more than one bike?
Which type of frame for slopestyle?
Can you ride a bicycle at 90 km/h on a flat road?
Question on new bike assembly
Is it normal Allen keys are loose fitting?
How to remove rechargable LED SI Urban integrated light strip from cannondale bad boy
Clicking noise in rear wheel that stops on load. Bearings?
Can I ride a Trek Crockett (CX/gravel bike) in a road race if I have a road wheelset and tires on it?
Is it normal for brake pads to emit an odor?
Can my cantilever brake pads not being centered lead to a problem?
How many sprockets can I fit on a crank?
9 Speed Cassette does not go all the way in on the free-hub body
Jammed lock (shackle stuck in crossbar)
Maintenance for an idle bicycle kept indoors?
Size of old road frames compared to new ones
Cheap MTB with future upgrades v/s costly fully ready MTB
Fat bikes and pannier racks
What is this ... electrical bike's setup? Is there a particular brand or model name for this? how to replace its battery?
Are my pedals greased correctly?
Would a seat post mounted back rack act like a rear fender?
What is this mountain bike?
Why are bicycles priced the way they are?
Are most bikes' paint jobs not as durable as they used to be?
Bearings jammed up even though there is play
Anyone tried to brush mud/snow in rear-wheel while on ride?
Why do front and rear wheel hubs have different sized ball bearings?
Cracks on the side of fairly new tire
Are there better tires for heavy riders?
I have a vintage Pinarello with a crooked fork
What target heart rate or power do people use when commuting by bike
Is my 2017 Trek Fuel EX 5 Stealth internally routed dropper seatpost compatible?
CdA of a bike without rider
Weight limit for my bicycle
Type of Shimano "PlusMinus" (slot & Philips) screws
(Apparent) chain slippage causes on new bike - usual culprits already eliminated
How to choose a compatible set of chain, cassette and chainring?
Cause and diagnosis of wobbling crankset/chainring
How to get a broken torx bit out of a bleed screw?
Is is safe to use WD40 as a matte paint protector for a carbon bike?
Shared bikes - what makes them robust?
Where can I get a replacement drawbar for a bike trailer?
What things to check on road bike after a long trip on poor roads
Replaced my crackset, chain keeps popping off the small chainring under load
Niner Biocentric I eccentric bottom bracket adapter won't budge
Why do most E-MTBs have 1x drivetrains?
Why should one clean a chain?
Leaking lever - Shimano brakes M365
Peloton Trainer - what style of cleats are used?
Will a 2x with a clutch RD be just as effective as a 1x with a clutch and narrow-wide chainring on an mtb?
How do breakaway helmet accessory mounts work?
Is it legal for cyclists to use amber bike flashers for visibility (in BC, Canada)?
How do airlines calculate the cost of a Brompton?
Relation formula between fork length change to headtube angle and bottom bracket height
Is this old chain of a different type?
Can I run a 2.5" tyre on a 40mm rim?
Do bike frames actually break so easily?
How do I improve my cycling at my age (77 years)
Can you use shimano m8000 replacement cogs to replace Sunrace mx80 cogs?
What is a suitable Gear Range for Biking on Flat Rail Trails
Can you get your cycling helmet wet?
Does anyone know how much the Fluid Nitro Women's Sport Mountain Bike weighs?
Flashing light when pushing bike with (constant) low speed
Gates belt drive: installing larger front sprocket
Issue with the gears?
Help identify mid-90s steel MTB frame
How much clearance do I need for cross levers?
Can I use a 700c suspension fork on a 27.5" frame?
Shimano 7 speed with click shift not enough range. Can only get 4 of 7 gears
Canyon Strive AL 6.0 - SRAM GXP or a Pressfit GXP bottom bracket?
Can you identify this bike/frame?
Changing wheels on Scott 960 - will 29" 12 x 142 fit
Noisy new chain
I purchased a "new" bike from my local bike shop that is five years old--should they have disclosed this?
If you buy and install a brand-new chain, but never clean or lubricate it, what will happen?
Gitane Frame Identification Year
Shimano hydraulic disc brake lever and caliper compatibility
Difficulty maintaining power at recommended cadence. Is recommended or preferred cadence better?
Is this crank usable or should it be replaced?
Is there any available Strava statistics regarding rider's distance compared to others' per year?
Which is faster, going all out then burning out, or steady pace all along?
Can a 26 Inch Controller Drive a 20 Inch Wheel?
Can't shift down from 50T with clutch on, but can shift down with clutch off, why?
Effect of drinking coffee before riding?
Carbon frame that is designed for strength and durability rather than lightness?
Loose crank exercise bike
Rear bike stand attached to the axle bolt: safe?
What to do with the new parts on an old bike I want to dump?
List of essential tools to maintain an Ortler Mainau bicycle
Tools for 2011 Santa Cruz Heckler tuneup
Winter grease for extreme cold temperatures
Through Axle Wheels thread P1.0 or P1.5
Is there a more sophisticated tool than Rohloff HG-Check
Rusting trailer hitch
Using normal square bottom bracket on crankset designed for E type?
Hit by a car bent rim
Chainring use of teeth
BB86 bottom bracket with BB386 crankset?
Are my cable disc brakes knackered?
V-brake to disc brake
getting the crank arms off an old bsa bike
2014 RockShox Pike RC oil recommendation
Removing lockring/ cups off head tube on vintage BSA bike
Mechanical disc brakes lacking stopping power
What photos should I include in an ad of a bike?
Adjusting bike fitting to cope with FAI (hip deformity)
Which rear cog should I remove if I want to add a 26 for climbing?
Skidding/skipping a fixie with ratio 48/16
Options on converting away from the cotter pin cranks on bsa wayfarer bicycle
Suspension fork top caps
Pedal kickback on an mtb, what is it?
Can I fix an inner tube if the valve has been pushed inside?
Why do cable disk brake instructions say not to use the barrel adjusters?
Mountain front derailleur for braze-on mount?
Can anyone identify this second hand bike?
Rear axle swap on Mavic hub
Which type of bike is the right for these conditions?
How to reassemble a completely disassembled brake caliper?
Can I use Rockshox tokens with my Sektor fork? (Fuel EX 5)
Durability of Seat and Chain Stays on steel frame touring bike
Is there any way i can add progressiveness to my suspension, even though it is not compatible with standard tokens?
Single to double chainset conversion
Do Shimano MTB shoes in half-sizes make a perceptible comfort difference?
Which rim tape size fits my bike?
Will a SLX fit on a Shimano deore 2x10 rear triangle?
When is it worth rebuilding a frame?
Replacing Motobecane 500 HT derailleur hanger
Replacement rear wheel to match an existing front wheel
How do I figure out the right size seat post for my bicycle?
What would be a good bike for urban commute? (3-4km)
What is the maximum and average power that can be produced by 175 mm crank length
Park Tool TS-2 Truing Stand Upright Adjustment Knob
Updating equipment on old Team Raleigh frame
Brand new bike, motor conversion, crank moves when the wheel moves
Seat post slipping down
Shimano Dura-Ace 1st Generation Brake adjustment
Titanium fork in a chromoly frame
If the B-screw is too loose, would it significantly increase wear?
Model, year of fabrication, some details
Why won't the front derailleur change into the largest gear after changing cranks?
Which kind of bicycles is better and comfortable for shorter communtes, 4-5 km daily
What is the difference between MX goggles and mountain bike goggles?
Restoring/modernizing an old cheap(ish) bike
AC dyno light on battery pack?
Identifying 1970s-80s Motobecane Special Sport
Help me understand my 8-speed uniglide compatibility issue
Why is the Shimano R3030 FD not compatible with the 3503 FC?
Can I install 11 speed cassette on 10 speed hub by skipping last cog?
Will a 60cm seat tube bike fit a 5"11 male adult?
Please help me identify the specifics on my older Giant Sedona?
QUARQ DFour installation on Shimano bike
How to re-terminate frayed brake cables?
Loose TT Bar Pads
Increasing e-bike battery range by limiting speed
Damaged rim, can it be fixed?
I want to know what kind of bike frame I have can you help me the serial number is djei 1 76488
Ackermann compensation for tadpole trikes- how to work Peter Eland's spreadsheets
Crank Arm Compatibility - Shimano Ultegra 6800 and R8000
Freewheel not working properly
Why does my bike constantly break/need servicing?
What does EN 14781 certificate mean?
Solutions for preventing/removing raindrops on glasses when riding in rain?
Need advice for my brakes on vintage Torpado
Cables for my rear gears do not work
How to adjust the handlebar alignment with front wheel?
What kind/model is this frame?
Strength training during structured sweet spot base phase training plan
In shop maintenance - Specialized
Are there any rear derailleurs compatible with Shimano Tourney RD TX 80
DIY chainsaw powered bicycle
Why did Shimano eliminate the B tension spring on the latest rear derailleurs?
How many miles to repack bearings or replace on recumbent
Spindle diameter on the FSA Gossamer TT MegaExo crankset
Suntour Raidon 27.5+ 120mm air fork
Rental bike for holiday: wise to change handlebar style?
Anyone know who made this bike? See head badge pic
Is cranking bigger gear from dead stop bad for your legs?
Drum brake that fits on a Brompton fork?
Should V brakes be able to lock the front wheel?
How can I fit a bigger rear tyre when limited by the front derailleur?
How do I check my steel frame for water ingress, and minimise the risk of rust?
Does anyone know what frame my bike is pls?
How to clean this Helmet?
Drop stem on endurance bike to get the geometry closer to road performance?
What is the loud screeching noise coming from my bike?
Need magnet for RPM and speed sensors
Can I replace 700*23C tire with 700*28?
Seat Post Binder - Fuji CF1 - circa 2008
SPD pedal float becomes restricted
Recommended spoke for enduro/all mtn riding
Magura rim brake does not work well on a new rim
I have a bike that I would love to know what kind
Can I lace a 36 hole hub to 48 hole rim?
What parameters should I consider when choosing a crankset?
Shimano SM-RT900 Dura Ace Center Lock Rotor on Ultegra
My bike goes up one gear at a time, but down two: is this normal?
Minimize freezing of brake cables
Why shouldn't I care what model/make/year my bicycle is?
Mongoose bmx ,serial number identification
Changing 7-speed Shimano cassette to 10-speed
What is the brand/model of my bike?
skewers - how to measure length of existing skewer?
New Saddle For Gravel Bike
Looking for help identifying my newest addition
Looking for info on replacing MTB derailleur
How do I true a trailer wheel?
How to secure a fully carbon (aero) bike when washing/repairing on a stand?
How to remove this kickstand without destroying anything?
Has the Mongoose Black Diamond 2 Frame been released?
What type of rear derailleur to buy?
A kickstand has killed my touring bike. Am I wrong?
Removing a tire
Redundant rear brake systems... does this exist?
How do I choose a replacement Derailleur?
"261E" seat tube on an old bike frame
Trying out saddles in the UK
Can a tire that blew off a rim be safely used on another rim, and under what criteria?
I weight about 40 lbs (18 kg) more than the weight limit for the trike I can afford
What is this blue mesh tube thing in the Rema TT 06 patch kit used for?
Bike Frame Size for MTB Leisure Rides
Road bike identification: these lugs look familiar to anyone?
How to avoid hand strain when landing with a road bike?
Aluminium rigid fork for winter
My folding tire has kinks in it
Measuring fork steerer diameter
Stuck lock-nut on one side of the axle, can't push the axle out from the other side
Front gear issues with middle ring (not always making it over)
Brake Lever Not Fully Retracting
Can I replace Record bottom bracket with Shimano?
Feasibility of bike frame design by a layperson
Flat tire after inflating to max pressure
How do I tighten the loose chain given an enclosed Nexus rear hub?
Replacing bike frame on BMC Alpenchallenge AC01
Long post v-brake (or canti) shoes? (Canti studs not sufficiently inboard)
Is there a trick to inflating a flat tire with deep section rims?
Replace a 52/36 crankset with 50/34
Layering (lower half) for long chilly rides
How to fit rivnut / nutsert to frame?
Replace Crankset Claris with 105
Is it OK if my brake pads are not “just” touching the rotor in my cable disc brake bike?
Shimano roller brakes: differences between each model and interchangeability
Can jockey wheels be used in either position in derailleur cage?
Climbing or aero bike for a light rider?
Uneven friction in front hub after rebuild
Wheel with Centerlock hub for disc brakes and rim for caliper brakes
pedaling gap after shifting internal hub
RX100 front shifter does not click and falls back to inner chainring
Can I use brake pads for carbon wheels with aluminum wheels?
Play in rear wheel hub
What is gear bicycle is it useful in countryside?
Keeping cables free of dirt when in transporting
Metal sheet inside bottom bracket on frame: can I remove it?
Compatibility of bar end Shifters and 10 spd Tiagra
Campagnolo Large Flange Pista (track) hubs
Does dropping off a 4" kerb damage wheels?
How to determine tire size when the sidewall label is unreadable?
Does an adapter for my 12x142mm thru axle frame exist to use QR hubs?
Overhauling 1998 Campagnolo Chorus Ergolevers
Seal Cleat opening on Clipless Waterproof / Winter Cycling shoes?
Mismatched chain and chainring
Fork bent on a flat pack bike - what to do?
What are the reasons for these two very different post mount adapter designs?
Looking for information about older bikes
Replace disc brake pads for Huffy mountain bike
How much faster can my commute be if I use a power meter?
Retrofitting a roof rack
I get dizzy when I dismount. Causes?
Shimano Mountain Bike Cassette Comparison
What is the metric thread diameter of my crank arm pedal thread that's stripped
Is it better to get a commuter bike with a front suspension or without one?
Trying to figure out the brand of full suspension mountain bike
Buying a bike (new or 2nd hand) at start of EuroVelo 6
Coming back from a Serious Injury
ID a funky (old?) very distinctive bike
What is the purpose of so many gears?
Wahoo Speed sensor: how does it work, exactly?
Invested too much in my car! How can it be worth cycling to work?
I have got 29er tires and I want to upgrade to 29 plus
How can I make better use of the dead space under my bottle cages?
How to fix small wobble in rear wheel?
Bushings vs bearings - maintenance difficulty
Can I make this bike fit me?
Keeping the bottom of your legs warm in very-cold-weather biking
Crankshaft Replacement
Why don't professional cyclists use the Maffetone method?
I need some advice about upgrading my fork
Traction, sidesliding
Bum-off-seat cycling
Can I use a narrowide chainring on a double rings crankset?
Compatible crankset - Giant Iguana
What to consider when repainting fork from black to white
When should I use an energy gel?
9 speed SRAM shifter for dropbars?
Can I fit my normal brake levers to the curves of the dropbars?
Schwinn sidewinder 21 gear slipping?
How to effectively hitch a bicycle with a scooter?
Find my frame game :)
Bosch battery stopped charging
Shimano/third-party rotor compatibility with low end hydraulic brakes
What is the proper way to cut brake cable housing?
Cyclists that are out to get your Strava KOMs - should I challenge or?
Help selecting between wire/folding tires
Compatibility to BB86
What would be a good style of bike for Big Guys
Bottom Bracket on a Trek CrossRip Comp 2016?
flight deck st 4400 shifter replacement
Hydraulic brake not working well
How to dismantle Campag Ergolevers (hex key won't turn)
What is the longest off-road portion of the East Coast Greenway as of 2018?
touring weight distribution
What are the physical advantages of riding a single speed with higher chainrings?
Remove lubricant from seat tube and seat post
Upgrading priorities
How to safely dispose of extra chain lube
I have jetwashed my mountain bike twice... will it cause any damage?
Removing rear hub end caps (Mavic Allroad Pro)
While on a ride, realised rear disc rotor was contaminated, what could I have done?
Can anyone id this adult tricycle?
V-brakes too weak
Will the same lock ring fit 11T or 12T ring, SRAM cassette?
A shim between bottom headset cup and bearing
Can I use fiberglass cloth and resin to fix tiny holes in fenders?
Campagnolo and Shimano compatability
Help in Identifying bicycle from Mozart in the Jungle Show?
How to increase friction on a Shimano SIS+Friction rear shifter when it is in friction mode?
134mm rear dropout spacing on Al frame
Caliper adjuster for Shimano 600 brakes
How to ship a full suspension bike frame without the shock?
Bicycle with 26x1.95 tires
What is the maximum or minimum tire width I can fit on my bicycle
Do I really have to replace the cassette when I replace the chain, or is this a scam?
Is Mustache bar for daily ride advisable?
I rode a children's bike, now the chain is sagging - is it ok to shorten it?
How necessary are barrel adjusters?
BB height when change 29er wheel to 27.5 wheel
Rain Booties that go over Cleats
All gears shift smoothly, but won’t shift into 1st gear/large cog. Help?
Old Shimano Altus Hub disassembly. Clockwise or counter clockwise?
Dura Ace 7700 rear derailleur will not fit into hanger
Do you know the make of this BMX bike?
Gears shift perfectly when suspended on rack, but not on the ground?
Why does my brake cable keep on coming out of my brake handle?
110mm crank on 73mm BB shell
Making a left hand turn as a commuter
There’s an pulsing feeling when pedaling
Changing the rear wheel offset to allow space for freewheel
Wheel size: 650 to 700
Installing a new Shimano compact crank on an older bottom bracket?
Rear derailleur bouncing up and down in easiest gear
Bike re-assembly gear and noise issues
Rear Wheel Jamming on kids bike after Training Wheels
Are disc brakes weak? And what is "bedding in"?
Is Trek Emonda ALR have thinner or thicker diameter tubing than the carbon model?
What are the pros and cons of front and rear suspension?
Rayleigh Alpine handle bar assembly
Raleigh Alpine 4.2 Shimano front wheel and rear brakes assembly
ISO narrow-wide steel chainrings in higher tooth counts >30T
What is the maximum recommended rider weight for using a dual suspension bike?
How can I find the perfect handlebar height?
V Brake Arm Stuck on Post
What can cause headset bearings to become loose quickly?
Gates Carbon Drive vs Single-Speed Chain, Long Term Lifespan and Maintenance
Laws against electric assist bicycle with energy recovery?
What happened to double eyelets?
Carbon foot print from the manufacture of bikes?
How to fix a metallic bicycle basket to the back rack?
Can I expend same or less effort riding a mountain bike than road bike?
Is it safe to polish aluminum rims?
Will chain spray evaporate from its can when unused?
How to insert fork ring tightly?
Troubleshooting a new shifter
"Right" way to store energy from 2 dynamo hubs
Front rack symmetry - spacers and handling
What is my Pinarello model?
Changing the Crankset on a Stevens Cityflight
Difficulty installing new folding bead tires
How precise do spoke sizes need to be?
Is movement in my bottom bracket an issue which requires attention immediately?
Coded gesture for "I am looking for a place to stop"
Can't find a helmet that's large enough please help!
Can't find information on Suntour XOR 100 fork
How do I shop for a good tire?
Is using hand signals a legal requirement in the UK?
Santa Cruz Chameleon tire and wheel choice
How do I calculate the spring weight rating for my bike?
Identify 1980's Bianchi?
Does the fox hunt game exist professionally?
Is it worth buying carbon fiber road bike for short commutes?
Help understanding effect of Crankarm length on gear ratios
Quality saddle and seat post
How did my stolen carbon frame bike get from D.C. to Guatamala?
Cheapest way to make 8 speed folding bike a good climber
Changing my rear wheel tyre from 26 x 2.1 to 26 x 2.0: what's the difference?
Hot water to unjam trigger shifter
Contradiction! Which back posture is correct for road biking?
What features should I look for in a mudguard?
Preparing for a long distance ride - long term
tall bike build
What are the benefits and drawbacks of different recumbent seat styles?
Changing the middle chainring on a 3-chainring crank
Can anyone help me identify this vintage road frame that has been repainted?
How to center Gates belt drive?
Converting 3×7 speed into a 2(chainrings)×1(sprockect)
What is the twin-link four bar suspension designs trying to solve?
Correct spring for 2018 RockShox XC30
RIm brakes squealing in wet conditions
Modifications and changes to 2011 Specialized BigHit, anyone done these?
Track cog threading or lockring threading?
Lock jammed - key will go in and out but cannot turn
Gear shifting : new to cycling maintenance
What to do about damaged bike frame
Oval carbon saddle rails compatibility
Friction shifter for Rohloff speedhub?
How do I properly install pads into a Shimano BR-M365 disk brake caliper?
Measure Spoke Tension on BMX Wheel
Folding bike rear derailleur upgrade help
Bicycle access options for a week-long stay in Paris
XTR M960 Crank to Stages power meter compatibility
How to read the traffic light at this German intersection?
Buy or rent a bike in Europe for 2 week backpacking trip
Claris vs Sora shifters
Crank Set Quality Differentiators
Handlebar positioning and posture on Giant bikes
1x10 drivetrain against 1x11 drivetrain on mountain bike
How to tell if a chain should be replaced with park chain checker when it doesn't fit?
Need help - changing tires/rims on Origin8 Intersekt 7
Can you replace bottom bracket without removing chain or front derailleur?
V-brake caliper arm not retracting after hard braking
Swap 7-speed for 9-speed
How much of a mark-up do you pay building your own?
Can anyone help me identify this stem binder nut
Run tubeless tire on standard rim as long as I use a tube?
Ultra durable MTB for heavyweight rider (370lbs)?
Left Brake Lever Slack
Preventing my trunk-mounted bike rack from being stolen
Is it harder to ride a comfort bike on a paved trail than a hybrid?
Why does my rear derailleur's indexing work for either the high or the low gears, but not both?
Is it normal to have pins in the cup of "cup and cone"?
Replacing Schwinn Rim spokes
How to tell how many speeds a wheel is designed for
What makes a good floor pump?
Shimano RD-5800 and 7 speed cassette
Is it worth rebuilding a broken front wheel
How comfortable would my 57cm circumference head fit in a 59cm - 62cm helmet?
Road bike and mountain bike shoes
Using wrong speed/size cassette on trainer
Climbing techique with panniers and cleats
Does anyone know of a lightweight motorcycle style open face helmet for eBiking?
How do you keep from coasting too much on a bicycle?
What is the minimum weight a bike can be and still be safe?
Have multi-speed non-freewheeling bikes ever been common?
What is the difference between city (urban) and mountain bike helmets?
Shimano: what's the difference between medium cage and long cage?
Can this damage to my brake mounts be repaired?
Highest gear "jumps" under load
Rear wheel of child’s bicycle
Commencal META AM v4.2
Preparing for Alpine riding
Ting/Ping noise from front wheel around rotor
Scott Aspect 700/900 frames
What are my options about my rear shock?
Add hand positions to flat bar MTB
What model of bike does Alicia Vikander use in Tomb Raider (2018)?
Broken Crank Arm - Chainring Connection
Mavic Road UST Repair
How can I learn to recognize good geometry on a bike frame?
Brake pads from new dual pivot calipers dont reach the rim in the rear wheel
What is the purpose of this rear dropout screw?
Looking for suitable mudguard, based on tyre size
Chain not sliding into casette perfectly
How to remove alu seat post from carbon frame?
Can I use Shimano 8 speed rear deraileur (Claris) with 6 speed SIS downtube shifter (for a 6 speed freewheel)?
Shimano Nexus 7 gear hub slips
Does the tire tread reduce the likelyhood of getting a puncture?
Please identify this vintage bike - peculiar frame
What are the advantages and disadvantages of different pedal formats for a recumbent?
Minimal Low-Rider Touring Front Rack Recommendations
What type of Hayes hydraulic brake is this?
Low gearing and knee health
My left pedal keeps falling off
What can one damage by bending the wheel?
How to use a stirrup pump on kids bikes - no space for chuck?
Can anyone tell me what I've inherited here?
Convert Western Saddle to Regular Saddle?
Bearings Cooked?
Misaligned new derailleur?
Single Speed Newbie Build
How to attach mini-pump to valve on kids' bike with no space to manoeuver?
Could a flat tyre two days later be due to a clumsy service?
It is dangerous to bike with 5/36 spokes broken?
Problems with shifter?
Inner tube valve cut from stretched rim tape?
Why does a loose pedal destroy the crank threads?
Fuelling multi-day riding (carb loading/replacement)
Protect chipping frame from metal bike lock with Sugru
Recommended brands for full-day rides and short multi-day tours
Do GPS computers always need online account
Cadence: Belt drives + Nexus 11 hubs
Coaster Brake for kids
Shifter not changing gear cable tension
How to lock up a bike with a rear wheel lock?
Rim shot? Goes badly out of true at medium tension
Cinelli old-school road bicycle
Ultegra CS 6800 Cassette
What model/make are this Freewheel and Freehub?
Identify Ritchey SPD pedals
How to measure handlebar? pls
How much should a long distance touring bike weigh?
Bike or e-bike/trike good for the rain
Chainring sizes for 11 speed cassette
My Supercycle chain keeps breaking randomly
Tektro Draco hydraulic disc brake not gripping rotor well enough to stop
How to configure an Avid Speed Dial brake
I want to get rid of the front gears on my Scott Aspect 740 2016, what size sprocket would fit the stock cranks
Creak in frame best practice?
Bottom bracket conversion with rare cups
Should I change my Schwalbe Marathon Plus tyre?
How do I adjust the Marzocchi Dirt Jumper 3 (mtb fork)?
Can not replace Shimano Octalink with 105 Crankset
Brand new bike. Briefly removed the rear disc brake caliper, now it's too tight
Pannier rack for larger diameter seat post
2003 Klein Attitude comp bottom bracket change type
When did bicycle chains go back to being bushingless?
I have a bmx I can't figure out with a stamp of ia* on bottom side front of frame
Hi! Im looking to ID a rebuilt touring bike with serial number
How should disc brake rotor size scale with wheel size?
Leaving a pedal in a cross threaded state
Shimano V-Brake Loose cable at handle
What tool do I need to remove this Joytech freehub?
10 speed rear derailleur to shift 11-40 cassette on 3x10
Why is my Ultegra 6600 much noisier when cross chaining compared to my Deore XT M8000?
Is my daily bike route enough exercise for a 60 year old?
How can I improve my downhill mountain bike as a commuter?
What can be done wrong changing the chain in a single speed?
Crack/fissure in the headtube
Front hydrulic disc brake keeps going soft
Upgrade Options for Shimano Crankset Tourney FC-TY701
Is there a wheel which can use both disc brakes and rim brakes?
Shimano Octalink crank compatibility
Bike unstable (difficult to ride without hands on bars) after changing fork after collision
What do I need to replace my singlespeed freewheel cog?
RST Aerial fork service - can't unscrew the bottom bolt
How to remove a threaded bottom bracket?
How to clean disk brakes?
Is this tire properly fitted on the rim?
Carrera Virtuoso Road Pro 2008 Tyre identification
RPM regulation of direct hub motors
Fuji Nevada 1.5 29er (2017) - 549$ or Trek Marlin 7 (2018) - 375$ (discount)?
Bike with a hi-ten steel frame for getting around the city?
Please help identify my 1940's (?) Tandem Bicycle
Can I use rimless tape with an inner tube on a regular (tube style) rim?
Why aren't electric bikes mainstream?
Should rim tape cover the small holes at the side of the rim?
Does it make sense to switch to single chainring on an older mountain bike?
Help! I've rounded off my bolts!
Inflating My Bike Tyres
What's that frame ? I can't find anything about it anywhere
Painting the rims of single speed bike
Do hybrid bikes break/misalign easily?
How to repair / create a CF seat post clamp interface?
Touring on meal replacements (Soylent or alternatives). Anyone tried? Thoughts, impressions?
2x10 drivetrain and chain crossing
Jaqwire KEB vs Shimano DA Brake Cables
Raleigh Twenty front wheel removal
Adjusting Hozan spoke threading tool for different spoke gauges
Replacing one derailleur with another type
Rear wheel replacement: freewheel -> freehub and cog size changes
Is shift cable protector under bottom bracket on cyclocross bike important?
What causes rim failure where spokes pull it apart?
Help me identify this B'twin Rockrider
Quad QHD-4 Axis Disc Brakes stuck (can't push open)
How much does a front wheel last with disc brakes vs calipers?
How do I avoid a pinch puncture?
Play between axle and bearing inner ring
Stiff knee, can I use a shorter crank on one side?
Bormio (Italy) to Annecy (France) multiday bike tour
Fitting a 9-speed 11-50T cassette on MTB: which derailleur?
cogs for front wheel
Upgrading an old Trek
New to cycling, questions about over doing it
Force needed for tire and rim (removing/inserting)
Does anybody recognize this MTB frame?
Run a Shimano STX derailleur with 8 speed cassette or bigger?
Is there a way to know if someone is drafting behind without turning your head back or trying to hear the noises?
Will Sram GX Eagle grip shift trigger work with 11sp cassette?
Q-rings shifting chain not smoothly hitting the teeth
Is there a bike less prone to having the chain fall off?
What luggage carrying options exist for an e-bike
Drilling and cutting rack mounting bracket arms
How can I reversibly uglify a bike?
The difference between thin width of tyre and thick tyre width
Diameter of valve hole in the inner wall of the rim
Why do only downhill mountain bikers wear full face helmets?
Rear wheel resistance and vibrations are driving me crazy
Upgrading from 9 speed to 11 speed on Giant Defy 3
How to tell when to change steel front fork?
Drill into steel frame for cargo rack
Part name: what is this attachment point for on my new Cube carbon frame?
Cleats with asymmetrical foot positions
Normal wear on five ten freeriders?
Can mountain bike dirt remaining on different parts for long time damage the bike?
Bicycle left outside for over a year. Possible to save?
Help Identifying Italian track frame
How can I test gloves for long ride comfort?
Is it possible to change to a larger and type of crankset from a one-piece Ashtabula style?
How to configure my rear suspension
Help identifying an 80's Raleigh bike
Where are stolen bikes sold?
Fixed gear drivetrain problem
Drop bar to flat bar conversion
Using Rohloff with a thicker chain
The rear gears(Shifter) are stuck on 7
MTB Bottom Bracket vs. Normal Bottom Bracket
Determine which cage length on Shimano Ultegra 6800
Need help identifying Industry Nine part
Surly Trucker Disc Compatibility with Ryde Taurus Rims
What is the deal with serrated/non-smooth rim sides on a bike wheel?
My crank slips I think
Is it possible to replace a MTB crankset to a Roadbike crankset on an MTB frame?
Best option to upgrade 7-speed bike to higher gears
How can I know the number of teeths I need to go uphill?
I have polished aluminum that has become oxidized from water. How can I restore this to its normal state
Is it legal for a car to overtake me as I overtake a parked car in UK?
Could someone please identify this bike and tell me the cost/price?
Convert rear hub width 142 mm to fit 135 mm dropouts
Is this new wheel out of true?
Popping/flexing, but *not* when pedaling hard
Thumb ring and index finger
Restoring a steel Japanese bike from the early 80s
What's a good hub for ultra bikepacking races?
Creaking noise on down stroke of the right hand side pedal
Did I damage my frame by removing a sticker?
Do pros ride with 1X configuration on some courses?
My front wheel has some play which drives me crazy
"Inherited" Bike... Lots of questions
Please help me identify this brake pad type
What's the deal with Rohloff and Gates Carbon Drive?
Incompatible front derailleur/crankset?
I'd like to find out year this bicycle was made — it's a lady's Schwinn
How to find a model number that replaced an old Shimano part
I have an old giant 9 speed, which I want to convert to an 11 speed, simpy to use on a smart trainer
Road bikes for tall guys
Shimano front-derailleur with 28.6 Clamp
Mixing Dura Ace 9000 drivetrain with ultegra?
Are quick-change pedals a thing?
Are there very deep (>40mm) rims with at least 32 spoke holes?
Homemade handlebar tape?
Fatigue Considerations: Over-tightened Front Derailleur Dent
Replacing a cassette with a freewheel
Am I freeloading at my LBS?
Inner tube size
Replacing FSA Mega Exo with Shimano RS500 crankset
Options for servicing Speedplay Zero pedals
How long does it take for one to get settled on a new saddle?
Timing Yourself To Determine Gear Ratio/Torque
Question about Shifters
Calculate rolling resistance for foam filled tire
Freehub body will not undo
Could you advise me on budget folding bikes
Why did both of my inner tubes blow out on a new bike I've only put 4 hours on?
Gear change recording
Can I swap a 700c onto a 26"/650b bike
Measure seatpost diameter on frame / Raleigh granada 1986
Is there a weight limit for my mountain bike (Mongoose 29” excursion)?
Precautions when riding in long-term low visibility
What make and model?
What shifters are compatible with the 8 speed cassette and Deore derailleur on my Trek 6500 ZX?
How to access South County Trailway from Manhattan on a road bike?
Steps to remove Ultegra and install SRAM Force disc brakes with internally routed hose
Why do SRAM rear derailleur not have a parallel movement
I want to change the tyres on Voodoo Marasa
What makes a comfortable wheel?
Purpose of barrel adjuster on Travel Agent?
Does and adapter for a direct mount caliper to post mount fork exist?
How to choose a bike
Why does my chain have a single hollow pin?
Just decided to start commuting to work
Is cantilever rear cable hanger supposed to move?
I keep getting flat tires on my E-bike
Can bicycle parking stands damage wheels?
Can’t find name of a product used in carbon fiber repairs
How serious is the dent on alu frame?
Disc of front brake rubs under force
What is causing this sound?
Cannondale warranty
Prevent wheel bearing from coming loose due to disk braking lateral force
XT derailleur 1995 maximum teeth?
How to deflate a tire properly?
DX derailleur 1990 maximum teeth?
How to clean sealant stuck in pump head?
Freehub vs freewheel in a singlespeed?
Restore decals of vintage Kestrel 4000
Will 28" - 29" rack suit my 27.5" bike?
How long do inner tubes last?
Fix up old road bike or buy new one?
Which inner tube do I need to buy for 28 inch fixie bike?
Paint crack or more?
Mechanical disc brake scratching noise
Change light switch on Supernova E3 Pure (Specialized AWOL Evo)
Avid BB5 asymmetrical pad rub position and squeal
Free agent model?
Can I replace ceramic bearings with steel bearings?
Which cleats provide more adjustment freedom?
What is the key factor for stable handlebar?
Building a Dirt Jump Bike - Spanish Bottom Bracket?
Tires for cyclocross bike
Just installed a new chain but it took me 4 tries, is it safe?
Brifter loose even with bolt tight
Can I upgrade a Hercules Dirtrider 26" with gears and a disk brake?
I have changed the chain after my gauge showed that it's .75 worn. New chain jumps anyway. Why? How to deal with it?
Can I move one bike with a second bike with a QR and carrier-rack attachment?
Mating Brifters and MTB drive train and disc brakes - Marriage or Divorce
What size are the replacement o rings in the prestacycle set?
How to hold brake
Options for carrying a smart briefcase on a bike (pannier or otherwise)
Litespeed frame has clear film all over it
Freewheel to cassette Conversion 2016 Windsor Wellington 2.0
What are the holes in the mudguard for?
Interoperability of hydraulic disc brakes and levers between model lines/manufacturers
Can you help identify this road bike frame manufacturer?
Tools needed to unmount bike pedals
Bike handlebars loose with front wheel
Missing mtb bottom bracket cable guide screw?
Is this a real Concorde or just a replica?
how to install a chainguard, when the chainring doesn't have screw holes?
How can I tell the year my bike was made
Specialized frame warranty - cracked Alu seat tube
What do these headset specs mean?
Are torpedo 3 gear shift cables a standard or are there different sizes?
How to remove a Joytech freehub (5mm allen key version)
Internal Cabling Problem?
What to call bike brake levers with two gripping points?
Why would someone put drop bars on a bike upside down, with the brake levers pointing backwards?
How can I remove the stripped plastic cups of a bottom bracket?
What kind of freewheel/cassette is this?
Do I need to be aware of my diet?
Can Anyone Help Identify this Bike?
Crack in fork or just paint
Increase saddle height
Old Peugeot brakes not working in rain
How do I identify what cassette type I have?
Can't get bike valve caps off
Clothing advice for beginner
First time ride advice
Back wheel is "wobbling"
My 1000 watt rated hub only pulls 6.7A (321.6 watts @ 48v) suggestions?
What is this bottom bracket
How to read stem measurements?
Shimano BR-T4000 not compatible with frame pivot stud
How to start riding a recumbent bike?
Thoughts about tri bar / trekking bar on hybrid bicycle
Loud metal sound when not pedaling
Trek 520 model changes during years
Rear gear change misses 1 gear
Is a road bike good for an Ironman race
Does sealant in tubeless tyres slosh around?
Rear Bike Rack for Full Suspension?
Can't find any replacement original chainrings (SG A-52-42-30) . What can I use instead?
Bike stops in place when trying to manual
Should I put a downtube guard on my aluminium enduro bike?
Should I leave bolts in frame when I've removed component (mudguards for example)
Chain noise, fixed gear
Mystery little bolt fell off near rear axle
Good fit vs. Best fit - Lower end of the fit range (Difference of 1 cm). Is it OK? or can this tiny difference still cause pains?
Crank arm doesn't go all the way on square taper axle
Cost of lending out a child's bike?
Tires won’t come off rims
Tightening the bolts on training wheels for a child's Schwin bike
Rohloff twist shifter is too slippery when sweating
Which wheels are faster?
How to carry a bike box from the start to end of the trip?
Will Shimano M6000 Rear Derailleur SG (medium cage) work with cassette other then 42t?
Deore Derailleur w/ Tiagra STI Shifter Compatibility
Graber bike rack installation on Honda Accord
Is there a front derailer clamp diameter that is near 29.6 or 29.7mm?
How are the flat/aero bullhorn handelbars called?
What size frame is right for me?
Are granny gear chainrings supposed to have directed teeth (i.e., be non-flippable)?
Is it possible to fit an internal dropper to 2x bike
Is it normal that the tyre fits effortless the rim?
2- or 3-speed fixie
What are these eyelets for on my 2015 Diverge?
Press fit bottom bracket causing bearings to bind
Will this chain work on my bike?
Dog Trailer Wheel size - for commuting/touring
Downtube shifters won't stay in low gear on rear derailleur
Uneven tension on Gates Carbon Drive belt
Parking rear-wheel first: which sprocket to put rear derailleur in?
Looking for suggestions on a mostly-road mixed-use tire
What is this bike model and year? Cannondale CAAD?
is it compatible the left crank arm of ultegra 6600 with ultegra 6800?
Bike comes with frame integrated bolt seatpost clamp - can I cut it off and use QR?
Correct position of hands on flat handlebars
Which removal tool do I need for this 16t bottom bracket?
Electric road bike - Compatibility questions
Are there any mini pumps that can be mounted on a wide rectangular frame?
What tool do I need to press fit a "Spanish" bottom bracket?
Do half link chains work on any bike and what is their purpose?
New to bicycle riding. Questions about adjustments and upgrades
Any good 80-90mm travel forks?
Seeking powermeter data
Why are most bicycle gears designed to have so much overlap
Can hydraulic disk brakes be incrementally upgraded?
Shimano Inter-3 Hub coaster brake maintainance
Any companies out there that given a carbon frame could replicate it?
Preparation/tips for 50 mile ride
Insect stings while bike riding
Why doesn't my suspension fork rebound after being compressed?
Chain Pops When Leaving Cogs
Is it a problem to have tires of different width?
Where to get gear shifter for 31.8mm handle bars?
Full suspension bikepacking. can it be done?
What may be the cause of a loud noise when riding?
How to train for Cyclecross Races
Creaking which is temporarily resolved by tightening rear quick release
The bolt of my pedal's crank arm broke, what could be the causes?
Is there a route-planning tool that clearly indicates tunnels?
Bike shifts well for low gears OR high gears - but not both
Cannot fit wheel into dropouts
Are there standards for tubeless tires/rims?
Was the freewheel ever unidirectional?
Unusual bottom bracket shell
What is the difference between a 700x28c and a 700x32c and a 700x..c and so on?
New 2012's Sora 3500 vs used 2003's 105 5501
Can I run a Schwalbe Marathon 26" on a Mavic CrossLand UST rim?
Vantara GT 6061 aluminum bike front wheel replacement?
Different hub brake behavior when standing still and when moving
How to replace brake lever from integrated shifter?
Titanium frame crack
Which exact version of the Secteur is this bike?
Straigtening a rim with 7mm deviation in a single section
Using spacers on crank spindle instead of bottom bracket when fitting HollowTech MTB crank to road bb
Buying new thru axle road wheels - What do I need to know?
Time trial racing is superior to road racing, because it is more honest
How to change the seat clamp on a dropper post?
installing 11-40T Sunrace cassette with Sram Rival 22
How to remove handlebar end plug (probably expansion type)?
Anyone able to ID and provide information about this mountain bike? (DK, Club Roost, FSA)
(Dis-)Advantages of "push-in" to expandable handlebar end plugs
What did I just do? Fluid shot out of my handlebar when pushing my caliper in
Can you help me identify my bike please?
Repairing stripped threads on a nut type bottom bracket
Damping effects of carbon forks
How to fasten main cable to BR-CT91 (Shimano Altus) brake?
Dual electric/pedal bikes to solve pedalling effort issues
Help ID'ing early 90's Lemond
Is shimano ct-s500 chain tensioner supposed to move around its bolt?
Can I replace a 135mm/5mm QR hub with a 10mm-diameter IGH?
Do eliptical chainrings give you an advantage
How to properly align the rear wheel to the bike (granny bike, single speed)
How to fix tyre issue - rubbery sounds when riding
Bicycle spokes poking through rim, what can I do?
High to low gear shifter on derailleur gear bike?
Can I use a smaller bike inner tube than it supposed to
Front wheel buzzing intermittently
Switching from MTB to road handlebars
Bike wheel help for newbie
Could I replace a hub on a wheel?
RB not ridden in 4 years unable to shift gear
Parking a 3-speed internal hub in 2nd gear permanently
Shimano Thumb Shifter button question
Remove chain guard from bottom bracket
How to find a fitting drivetrain
Is it safe to put child seat on drivers seat post?
Are 23mm tires on a 25mm rim (21 mm internal width) safe?
Is this bike salvageable?
Rough riding bike!
Gear problems on my bike
Vibration and wobble after replacing chain
Shimano front derailleur - tensioning, can't move shifter
Adaptive seats because of Total Knee Replacement
Why are crankset "sizes" often defined by the amount of cassette sprockets?
Campagnolo Athena 11s front-derailer alignment
Bunny hopping and meerkat position
Is there a master link for single speed chain that will fit in Shimano chain tensioner?
What is the recommended tension for my AlexRims X2100 rim?
Shimano 3 Speed Internal Hub Gear on child bike popping chain on 3rd speed
How to improve braking with hands on hoods?
Wrench to be used with a bottom bracket tool?
How do carbon fibre road bikes handle rough conditions?
Finding DISTANCES on longer bike/hike paths
Sram crankset compatibility
Bike measurements vs my measurements
Can’t seem to put the wheels back on the frame
Can I reuse Jagwire hydraulic brake hose?
Carbon fiber crank arm with scratches--how much damage is a concern?
Broken fork and front wheel after head-on crash, need to replace headset?
What does a gear 'spinning out' mean?
Are recumbents more fatal in an accident than a regular bicycle?
Does toddler need a helmet inside a bicycle trailer?
Can replacing the bearings on a hub untrue a wheel?
What are these connectors?
Can't remove 6mm hex pedal
How to clean my full suspension bike
Spacer for non-drive side dropout
Is it possible to use BMX steerer (stem+handlebars) on fork on folding bicycle?
Removing a seat post spacer
How much tolerance is acceptable on the chainline of a fixed gear conversion?
I found this frame at a garage sale, and wanted to know if it was a GT frame if so what kind? The serial number I found on the bottom is GB06070827?
Replacing Spark 720 2015 derailleur + hanger using markings
Imperfect shifting
Fork oil spilled out. Rebound Damper Assembly is missing
Hydraulic brakes accidentally oiled
Is it a good idea to lift the front wheel to go through small bumps?
Back wheel moving to left side
I am 1.7 m tall and bought a MTB with a frame that is 3-5 cm too big
Run 26" wheels on a 29er
Pannier Bags for Burley Kazoo
Front Fender for TREK 3500
Can I remove one spring from my suspension fork?
Faster with lower center of gravity?
Preventing flat spot development on rim
New inner tube bulges near the valve when inflated
Extraterrestrial thing found in my suspension fork!
How much range can I get with two separate cassettes without changing chain length?
Fatigue after changing bike type?
Suggestions for a new bike for a newbie
Is a brompton right for my riding style?
Chain slips on low and high gear and sometimes when putting some strain into it
Crankset or chainring replacement
Knowing what size bike to look for
Should I choose 26" or 28" size BTWIN Triban 100 with dropped handlebar?
Wheel diameter affects speed? Comparing 20in Foldie wheel vs 700C wheel
Training for 150 km race in 2 months practicality and plan
Reduced braking force in V brakes
Derailleur tension causing chain friction?
Any knowledge on LaFree Electric Bicycle?
Front light that "pulses"
2018 Tour De France - schedule with start times?
What are the differences between a seatpost-mounted and frame-mounted rear rack
Brakes won't release after being applied?
Correct clamped quick release lever direction
Is it possible to fit a 36T chainring on a 34T frame?
Clicking feeling when I pedal
Help! Want to convert 8 speed Kona road bike to 1x drivetrain
What are cheap options for an extra set of brake levers for mechanical disk brakes?
Clipless pedals (safety release)
Shimano Hydraulic Disc Brakes vs Tektro Hydraulic Disc Brakes
What tools do I absolutely need to replace brake cables?
To what pressure should I pump my 2.4 inch punctured tubeless tyre?
Brake cable end anchor, which metal?
Will these tires fit on my bike?
Giant Defy 2018 front brake cable routing problem
How to date my second hand bike
Spots on bike bar tape after wet ride
Clicking while pedaling
Relation of rebound setting and pedal choice
Testicles chafing on legs - are my bibs too loose or too tight?
Rear derailleur moves to much for each click - tried everything
Are there real-life alternatives to the chain+derailleur combo?
Why using a puncture repair kit instead of a new inner tube?
Coaster brake: concave sprocket orientation
Best places to put protective clear stickers
How to improve climbing speed
What are the benefits of *rigid* lefty fork?
Best rear view mirror to purchase?
Are plus forks a suitable alternative to fatbike-specific forks?
Why am I breaking Pitlock spring washers so frequently?
Is this cone nut in proper condition?
Identify year of specialized s-works tarmac?
Is there a bicycle designed for slow riding?
What is the difference between Shimano BB71 and BB72 bottom brackets?
Coaster brake heat management and lubrication
Sudden gap between disc brake and pads?
How to decelerate during long downhill rides and avoid brake glazing
How to evaluate different alloy types used for bicycle frames?
Installing modern Deraileurs in an Old type mountain bike Frame
Is there any difference between road and mtb discs?
'93 Trek 820 Antelope - Replace?
Sora STI Shifters with Deore
Specialized Rockhopper derailleur hanger needed.....which one?
What does the Cycliq "Universal" Adaptor connect to?
Dual shift levers, old bike and indexed gears
Chain shifting when back pedaling
Ladies' Cycling Shoe Sizes/Fits
Long back-rev for a coaster brake to engage?
Could you reduce the weight of a Santa Cruz Chameleon down from 12.82 kg to 10kg (2018 model)?
Remove freehub on this bike
Ultegra 6800 shifter with R8000 rear derailleur?
135mm Hub Bodies that accept XD driver
Help Identify this new to me touring bike
What is required for a proper boost chainline on a 1x drivetrain - only a boost chainring or an entire crankset?
Would a recumbent bike be allowed at an ultra endurance event? & Why is no one using one?
Spongy brakes/ deeper brake press
1970's Gitane Gypsy: Brakes and types I can Use Shimano: ULTEGRA R8000
Schwinn Circuit Identification
What are the metal shavings in my bottom bracket from?
How to adjust cleats to lower pain in the right foot's last two toes
Questions about tubeless tires
Ultegra on Trek Crockett 5
Is this regular chain/pulley noise or is there someting I should check/adjust?
What's the purpose of this part of Topeak Hexus II multitool?
Constant squeaking when pedalling
What road bike size to get?
Tube patches: dedicated ones or recycling old tubes?
Recreating the Tacx Neo Smart Bike
Should I get a smaller chainring or bigger cog?
Clicking noise while pedaling
Function of colored tabs on SPD-SL Cleats
OK to ride with a slightly bent mech hanger?
Suggestions for a commuter bike with 20 inch wheels and suspension?
RD-TZ40 ME Replacement
Rear disk brakes stopped working in Trek DS 2
Adjustment necessary for stationary trainer
Are bicycle serial numbers no longer stamped into the frame?
Front chainring spacing difference between Shimano and Campagnolo?
Lubed Chain getting temporarily seized
Pedal foot position - balls or arches
Can I combine two pm break mount adapter?
Are these extra holes on the frame for disc brakes?
Are disc brake post mount adapters compatible for both front and rear?
One extra position on front derailleur besides trim
Why do I lose so much power/speed in an aggressive position?
My impossible quest for the ideal hubmotor, any suggestions?
Would the shimano freewheel removal tool be roughly compatible with a Sram/shimano cassette?
Cracks on tire - still safe to ride?
Lever pulsates while braking
Sram quick link on a Shimano chain
Can't do outdoor training for 150km and only on trainer. Can anyone give tips and training plan?
Clicking sound on handlebar
STI Shifter Lever body loose
Cone of axle damaged?
Surly Pugsley bottom bracket replacement
Cycle touring. First chain failure. Thoughts on cause?
Can I swap BMX wheels for a larger size?
Difference between In'ride 100 and 300
Is 25 km/h average speed good? What speed should I aim for?
Ever heard of a snapped rear gear sprocket?
Use of an alternative chain lubricant
FSA Comet (CKM-7158T) crank removal problem. How to?
Skipping on new chain, new cassette, new derailleur
Please help with bicycle identification
The smallest size spoke wrench I can find is 15(.127" / 3.23mm) and it's too big. Where can I find one that fits?
Adapter for a M5 screw for a 6mm hole
4L of water and 2 max protein bars. Is it sufficient for a four hour ride?
Aero spokes cross pattern
Can hand brake levers be pulled hard enough on a comfort/cruiser handlebar?
What's the difference in threaded and threadless headset and stem
How to prevent brake quick release from opening on rough roads?
What is what appears to be electrical conductive tape beneath the "water-proof cap" inside the Ultegra 6600 STI assembly?
Do I need a spacer on my crankset? (2x11 SLX, BB shell width 92mm)
I am a big guy who wants to buy a race bike
Road jersey front length
Using turbo trainer with solid axles
Why won’t my gear change off of 5?
Wheel Tire Height Change: 27Plus to 29
Convert city bike to road bike
Is riding on hilly road better than flats for long distance training?
Self extracting crank preload
Bike chain slips in a strange way
Hire road bike for one day for race (never ridden one before)?
Freehub Seal Orientation "Axis Sport Disc"
What is considered a small hand for shimano?
How to fix ripped out ball joint in indirect under seat steering recumbent
Multiple master links on the same chain
Will my rims fit 25mm or 28mm tires?
Inner tubes - if two tubes match the tire, is bigger or smaller better for durability?
Which holes to use for mounting rear rack?
Sora R3000 STI shifters compatibility
Danger of adjusting spokes on the road
Uphill riding hard for me
Monster-cross build on the road, will it be fun?
Hydraulic disk brakes vs hydraulic rim brakes
How do I use the trim function correctly on Shimano shifters
Which rotors and do I need lock rings
My bike makes a noise from the cranks
Healthy riding for asthmatic
Do kits that allow me to add lockout to my shock exist?
Hitch mounted bike rack swaying
Tires explode way under rated pressure limit
Saddle rail breaks often
Can a 21 speed Shimano Tourney groupset get converted into a 7-speed?
How can I fit this bottle holder to this bike?
Bike accessory: what is this for?
Identify Brand of Bicycle
Disc brakes don't work at all
Bontrager thorn-resistant vs self-sealing tubes?
How to create tension in old upright handle bar levers / U brakes?
Stack measurement help
The Effects of Widening Seat/Chainstays
Is my rear cog wobble the fault of the axle, the hub, the bearings, or the wheel trueing?
Wheel squeaking at slow speeds and slight play in the wheel bearings, related?
Side pull rear brake is weaker after changing the cable
Bent fork, is it replaceable?
Bent front wheel
How to tighten the Hollowtech II (on R2000 Claris) cranks?
How does this type of thru axle work?
Innovation in cycle wheels
Disc brake performance fluid
Tourney drop to flat bar conversion
Loose thread (stripped) tapered bottom bracket frame connection
Bike ideas for cross-country - trail biking. I am 6ft & 85 kg
Thru axle on unthreaded cyclo cross frame
Can I replace a Shimano Deore SL-M590 3speed Left shifter with an Acera SL-M310?
What pressure should a tire have?
Pushing it to my max on a 7% 2kft climb. I'm cardio limited, but legs never hurt. How do I push it harder?
Will 2 x 10 speed front derailleur work with 11 speed set up?
Bike modifications against side winds
Home made bottom bracket plastic sleeve
Purpose of locknuts+adjustable nuts on sealed hub bearings
BB spindle length/chainline for re-used Shimano FC-M391 chainset
8 speed chainring with single speed 1/8" chain
Damaged wheel rims
what is this piece of plastic?
Best Way to Upgrade My Bike
Help replacing front derailleur
Trouble deciding between XC and road helmet
My rim exploded inflating on an automatic pump of a gas station. Should I reuse wheel's spokes/hub or buy everything new?
Ideal distance between chainring and chain stay
How can I combine Garmin recorded track data with FitBit heart rate data?
How much will 4mm dish weaken the rear wheel?
Risks of pedaling with outward pointing knee
Repairing Shimano front shifter ST-EF41-L
Is it possible and safe to attach this type of seat to suspension seatpost?
What waterproofing rating is sufficient for a navigation device for touring?
How to change small chainring
Is anyone able to connect Shimnao Di2 SM-BCR2 to Windows inside VirtualBox on Mac OSX?
How to tell if this light's bulb is blown? And what kind of light is it?
What methods to determine chain length?
fixing flat tire
Checking 'plumb' when mounting bike on trainer
Replacement shifter for Shimano exage 7-speed - modern shifter compatible?
What's this part from inside the steering tube?
Calves overcoming glutes function, is this a set up problem?
Puncture/Tear at base of air valve.
Front wheel shifting left on braking with new front shock and fender install
Is it worth to get a Bianchi Caurus 909 and rebuild some parts?
Bike brake bleed question
What's that thing at the bottom of the fork steerer?
Compatible tyre widths for 622 × 17 rims?
Inflating toddler tires
How do the pros recover so quickly after a crash? And what can we learn from them?
Test drive of bike derailed chain easily ... bad sign or nothing?
Is it significant that my bike sometimes makes a "twang" sound when I hit a bump?
Shimano Ultegra CS-6800 11/32 replacement?
Are bike frames galvanized
Modern road bike 8 spd vs 9 spd - what are benefits and is it just about the speed?
I am willing to switch from 700x23c to 700x28c (front) and 700x25c (rear)
Is 7-speed for 10-speed cassette replacement possible?
IS mount facing?
What are the causes of rear derailleur chain noise?
MTB Helmet on a Road-Touring Cube bike
How do I determine my bike's fork width?
Is the 30 teeth chainring on Campagnolo Mirage 52/42/30 crankset replaceable?
help me identify this kids bike?
Disk brakes don't work well after taking out pads and putting them back
How many spokes for a single speed road bike?
Stuck throttle open on specialized turbo electric pedal-assist bike
Do Left handed bikes feel different to ride?
Help to Diagnose a Problem with Northrock XC6 Mountain Bike
Should internal brake cables use ferrules at the entry point to the frame?
Resistance in rear hub?
How can I dress up a bike as a unicorn?
Shimano STEPS E8000 battery won't charge
How to "fit in" a cycling bunch?
Please help me identify this cassette
What process do you use to start a BMX program in an area without one?
What trigger shifters would be compatible with my Nexus-8 internal gear hub?
How come pairs are slower than solo riders at the Transcontinental Race?
New Tubeless Tires leaking from Molding Sprues. Manufacturing defect?
Can I fit a bigger cassette just by changing the hub and not getting a new wheel?
Can I remove dropper seatpost of the Lapierre Edge 327 plus?
Why is cross chaining 'bad', but 1x is OK?
Is it cheaper to mass produce a carbon frame than an aluminium frame?
Is it possible to replace this quick release part on a Motiv Rockpoint?
What kind of crankset is this?
Please Assist in Identifying This Frame!
Torque wrench doesn't click
How can I un-seize track nuts?
BMX frame logo identification
Getting a saddle rail back in
My hydraulic Hayes brake lever comes down and clicks, and it doesn’t retract?
Options to move the school rucksack during the trip
Correct frame bike for me
How does this hand pump work
CrossRip 3 carbon fork for front panniers
Will my rear wheel with an internally-geared hub shift forward when pedalling steep uphill?
Why ride knobbies on a commuter?
Alternative replacement cable for classic sturmy archer 3 speed shifter?
Inner tube - series of dot marks and a puncture, what has caused it?
How to compare an IGH (Shimano Alfine 11) with a 10 speed cassette and 3x chainwheel?
Cetma Front Rack Clamp Part?
Should I drive or bike to work?
Tyre fiiting with 20x2.4 tyre
Do you think I can put road bike handlebars to this bike?
Bottom bracket maintenance - is it a thing?
Can I use a thru axle with a longer pitch when the manufacturer specifies a smaller one?
TRP HY-RD adjustment
Gear shift wire on SRAM after an accident
Are mountain bikes good for urban riding?
Replacing an FSA chainring
How much cable can I pull with a brake lever in another custom mechanism, and how can I achieve it?
Widely available cassette cogs: recommendations?
Difference between drivetrains
Can someone help me identify the bike frame?
Why would anyone steal a bike computer off of a bike?
Replacing/Upgrading brakes on ‘80s Peugeot road bike
How to install a Rohloff Speedhub on a Surly Troll with rear facing horizontal fork ends
What of Papillionaire? Looking for a Remi
Can't get the front brakes to stop these style bikes
Rim brake on front and disk brake on rear
Are bleeding kit syringes single use?
Does a torque anchor prevent an IGH (Rohloff Speedhub 14) from being pulled forwards and crooked whilst riding?
SPD SL Cleat Cover, are they supposed to be attached all the time or removed on rides?
How do I stop people blaming me for a crash?
How do I figure out what crankset replacement will fit my derailleur?
Do I need a new tire pump or can I fix my old one?
Adjusting derailleur with bike upside down, is it ok?
Touring bicycle must-have features
Shimano drivetrain compatibility
Can 27.5x2.2 tire fit in 27.5x1.90 rim?
Would a IGH drive train last longer than a derailleur drive train?
How long does a freewheel cog last?
Should tire pressure be equalized or slightly offset?
Pedals won’t complete a rotation
My e-bike wiring is damaged and I don't know where to begin
Front derailleur cage on new road bike will not shift
Does only Rohloff manufacture the sprocket for their Speedhub 14?
What road hubs models or manufacturers use replaceable cartridge/sealed bearings?
Lost teeth on second ring?
Is an SLX M7000 crankset compatible with the rest of my drivetrain?
Can I go from post mount to flat mount disc brakes
Are these spokes too damaged to use?
Why do peope think the upright postion is comfortable?
Upgrading from TRP to Shimano disc brakes
E wheel needs an 8sp free wheel instead of cassette
Are full carbon forks less prone to failing from hidden defects than those with alloy steerers?
How much more expensive are hydraulic disk brakes compared to mechanical disk brakes?
Help ID this Chris King NoThreadSet Color
What is the black plastic circle on wheel axle nut?
How long can I safely use a chain for?
Derailleur out of alignment after cable snapped
What type of frame could this be?
Can regular bike forks be modified to allow front drivetrain setup?
Finding the correct bike for short tours and daily commutes
Remove old non-indexed levers for gear changing to make "fixed" speed bike?
Shimano thumb shift compatibility
Wobbly stem: serious issue or not?
New derailleur - shifts up smoothly, or down - but not both
What is this crank part called?
Front derailleur cable suddenly very slack (no shifting), not sure what's caused it
What is the difference between hub-cone type rear hubs?
Very stiff front derailleur
Can I replace 27.5x2.25 tire with a hybrid/road tire?
Chainring bolt stuck in 105 FC 5800 chainring
Scott Addict R2 2008 crankset replacement
Regaining frame aligment
Mild pain in lower forearms during biking
Restoring a 1954 Taylor tricycle
Chain lube clean like wax but last like oil?
Can hybrid bikes be as fast as cyclocross bikes if we use an aero position instead?
Regreasing pressfit bottom bracket
Brake fluid replacement
How do manufacturers designate women specific designs on their bicycles?
Replace threadless headset retained bearings with sealed bearings?
How can I inflate a presta tyre with just one hand
Rear wheel not straight because of worn out dropout?
What type of Bianchi do I own?
Is it practical to switch from tubeless to tubes every few weeks?
Shifter/brake-lever compatibility with front and rear derailleurs
Feeling of click/slip when pedalling
6-bolt vs centre-lock: pros and cons?
What kind of pump works for hard to reach kids valves?
I can't shift gears
Cleat holes "covers" for Shimano shoes
Vintage Sealed Hub Maintenance Questions
Wheel axle too short on the fork
My fork stem is rusted - should I replace the forks?
Safest way to store bike outside (city)
Play in right pedal
New roadbike. Poor cassette quality control?
What are all of the speed numbers for a bike?
Reducer for 1" fork and 1 1/8" stem
Securing bikes while on a car hitch mount
Is a Surly front rack compatible with tubus mount for eyeless forks?
A folding bike for short winter commutes?
Cannot shift into lowest gear
Chain rattling in lowest gear despite adjustment
What is the maximum weight could 26 1 3/8 tire and tube could withstand?
Rear derailleur cage hits largest cog on cassette
Chain loosening over time (Fixie)
Bending back a bent head tube - is it worth trying?
My friend wants to sell a second hand helmet, I strongly dissagree, am I correct?
Noticed a scratch on my carbon steerer, should I be worried?
My next bike: a tri bike or a road bike
Replacing a normal hub with a dynamo hub
Fog on camera case with chest mount
Tektro HTC 300 hydraulic fluid leakage
Can rusting of chain be slowed?
Can I use V brake levers for U brakes (side pull calipers)?
Help me find my BMX brand please!
How to learn to ride a bike better?
Why does my stem have no bolts?
Can I replace my Shimano Nexus 7 with a Nexus 8 hub?
Change wheels diameter from 28" to 26"
Are there any bike tires that can hold 500 lbs (225 kg) each?
Cannot shift to lowest gear - chain too short?
Why do so many people put the inside pedal down when cornering?
Pedal: Platform came off axle which remained in crank
Modifying SKS Race Blade Long for solid axle hubs
How to pass a bicycle while driving a car
How can I prevent my next bike from being stolen?
Andel crankset, BB axle length and chainline
Short stem & riser bars on XC
Crack on underside of handlebar
Garmin Edge 1030 and Di2 Connection
Ultegra 6510 shifter broken - upgrade to 10 speed?
Choosing parts for wheel build on a cargo bike conversion
What's wrong with my gear shifter?
Safety guidelines when using MTB clipless pedals on a road bike
Where did I go wrong with this frame painting procedure?
Are there reasons not to use always the max level of assistance?
Rigid fork on GT Avalanche 3.0
How to extend a chain for a cargo bike?
Counter-intuitive steering in crosswinds with hands off the bars
I keep destroying new tubeless tires!
Expected time in cycling race
Pedal threads too big for crank?
Bike weight different from spec sheet
Chain skipping on new single speed freewheeel
Is there anything special about rotor bolts?
Does Campagnolo have a groupset model number system?
Failure modes for suspension forks, air and coil
Stop-A-Flat tube for 26 x 2.25 tire
What is the “clip ring” part on my hubs?
Bent shift lever on Shimano Deore MTB shifter
Is it safe to ride this frame?
Could I use the Ogio Mach 5 bag for cycling?
Can I put a 9mm axle hub with a Shimano roller brake into a 3/8" fork?
Just bought a Nicol bike and not sure who makes them
I bought a bmx with a 20x2.35 inch tyres on them, can i buy and put a 20x2.4 inch tyre on them without changing the rim and inner tube?
Replacement for a Suntour Superbe front derailleur
What does this barrel adjuster do on the rear derailleur (SRAM Apex 1)?
Looking for ideas on how to track bike wheel rotations or distance traveled
Adjust Nuvinci nfinity gears
Minimum space between square taper crank and bottom bracket
Converting road single speed bike to 1x
With what material should I fix a creaking sound on one of the pedals?
Is the second decimal important in the ring/cog ratio?
Are coarse 3D mesh seat pads effective at keeping your butt cool on a recumbent?
Could I have the brakes changed?
Dura Ace 7700 (with American Classic RD205 rear hub) Broke Shifter. Upgrade Options
Suitable bicycle grease for aluminium and steel materials?
Protecting bicycle from sea/salty water
Help with identifying the brand of a vintage bike
Identify bike brand to fit gear hanger!
Wider tires offering faster speeds and safer ride?
For a studded tire that is available in both 29" and 27.5" which will perform better in snow/ice all else being equal?
Is it ok for a kid's bike to only have a front brake?
What frame is 20" bike
Wheel keeps going out of alignment and loosening the chain
Can I put a hanger derailleur on a direct mount frame?
Slightly bent rim
Alfine crank 1x9 setup, spacer issue
New high quality tire doesn't sit evenly on the rim
Tire clearance on 2019 Trek Crockett
Ride a bike only using the pedals
Use disc fork on an Lynskey R260?
GPX to Profile like Giro d'Italia?
Shimano 9 speed road hub compatible with XT 11 speed cassette
Identify Miyata bike from ca 1990
Right hook accident scenario: who is at fault?
Would the airzound bike horn cause hearing damage even if used well under the duration limit?
Wahoo KICKR 2018 and Shimano Sora 11-32t 9-speed compatibilty
50t / 38t Shimano Zee crankset double 10 speed casette old mountain bike commuter conversion
Paint scratch or carbon crack?
Chain shortening only one link?
Riding from San Francisco to Los Angeles
Trailer wheel: Axle connected on one side only
Can I run a red light at a T junction?
Disc brakes 29 inch bike
How do I adjust this adjustable quill stem? Any ideas? [SOLVED]
Chain tensioner (or tug) for single speed QR dirt jump bike?
Tiagra rear derailleur and Deore crankset + derailleur compatibility
Chain get stuck on front sprocket during pedalling
Making your cycling gear smell less post ride
Is the use of wide fatbike tires problematic with 100mm BSA bottom brackets?
Oil leaking from right gear shifter?
Changing a cassette and adjustments after
Low profile tire suggestion for 27 x 1 1/8 wheels
Problem at bottom of threaded stem
Brooks B17 saddle tension?
Kryptonite lock falling apart?
Rear bicycle rack for car with mini-spoiler
Time trial carbon frame scratches. Should I concern?
Restore rusted chrome forks?
Rear derailleur cage bigger than cassette necessity
Chainring and chain compatibility for Suntour chainring
Why do rear pannier racks have a raised "nose"?
What size chain for 200gs FC-M202?
10 gears to singlespeed
Doubts about carbon fork condition
Is it possible to service rear derailleur pulleys?
Third eye helmet mounter mirror swivels too much
Is it possible to convert a single speed rear wheel into a multi-speed rear wheel?
Affordable trainers for winter conditioning
44 622 / 700x45c what tyres to buy?
More speed or more distance for weight loss?
Just curious what DIY setups have worked for removing crown race from a steerer tube?
Marin Fairfax Alp 2011 - Can I fit a 11-32t Cassette
Are there statistics on cycling trip distances?
Please help me identify this bicycle (Peugot)
Steering tube turning inside fork crown
Will yellow glasses stop me being blinded?
E-bike rims: can I use them on my touring bike?
New bike for commuting and touring
What can I get for panniers to commute with my 17" laptop?
Identify possible Kona
What to pay attention to when buying a used race bike
Single Speed / Fixie - Chain tension / uneven tension
I need to identify what kind of bike I have
Derailleur hanger built-in/cast with frame — options if misaligned?
Identify Zipp hub version
Bike computer which doesn't need a smartphone to work
Is this cracked?
Compression ring not holding top of fork in place
I'm looking for a part that connects the saddle to the body frame of the bicycle
Replacement rear derailleur
Modification for cycling with one functioning hand
Cross-chaining on a 3x6 system -- how bad for wear?
Rotating 12-speed SRAM GX chain
Ultra road machine or a CX/gravel bike to replace/augment my MTB?
Evaluating hybrid bike geometries
What air attachment screws onto a Presta valve with the core removed? High volume for seating bead?
What type of rear derailleur is used on my bike?
How do I fix my rear axle?
I have a Mach One BMX, help me decipher its serial number
How worn is this chainring?
Mountain bike freewheel replacement
Determine width of rim to match tyre
Properly locking on a floor mount rack with a U-lock
What kind of bike is a brooks champion flyer saddle suitable for?
Toothed plastic cup on bottom bracket got sheared off - still removable?
Electric motor: rear, center or front?
Can I upgrade my Specialized Epic Comp 29er 2x10 to a 1x11?
Pedaling overhead with front vs rear hub motor
What is best for your brakes when stopping at the bottom of the hill?
Front wheel bearings change
How quickly can the body restore energy reserves mid-ride/post-bonk, and how do we optimise this?
Changing crankset
Mount mirror to front rack
Jitter/Sticks on Coaster Brake Hub Wheel
Does a small bolt cutter do OK cutting spokes for a wheel build?
Does using a DH fork reduced to 150mm (6") make sense on an ebike?
Aluminum vs Zinc Anti-Seize
Hydraulic disc brake too loose
No trim and can't shift into small chainring
Any chainless bikes in US
Shimano BR-R650 long reach calipers compatible with Paul Components Canti Levers?
Rear derailleur hitting spokes in 4 largest cogs
Rear wheel is not locking when I am braking
Fixing hub gasket squeal
Getting the best fitted mudguards for a standard road bike
I need help Identifying this Dirt Jumper Frame
Hayes Sole Disk Brakes, adjusters stiff/seized?
Truvativ 1x front chainguide - what's wrong with this?
How to be certain a Boardman ADV 8.8 would fit without prior road bike experience?
Tiagra lever extremely stiff on new bike
Ultegra 2X cranks with M8000 group and 11-42t cassette?
Changing from Ultegra 6800 crank to r8000 dual power meter
Tiagra upshifting jumping 3-4 gears in middle of cassette
Is it acceptable to mountain bike on narrow hiking trails?(Minnesota)
Tubless rims with non tubeless tires -- what rim tape?
Tire with no ETRTO/ISO size
Windproof jacket for winter riding
KMC X9 chain: can I replace some links from any chain?
How do you find the right saddle for road biking?
10 speed rear derailleur only shifting 7 gears....losing my mind
Can you use SRAM 11-spd trigger shifters such as NX and GX with Shimano 11-spd derailleurs such as SLX and XT?
Cons of using an infrequent use long range e-bike battery trailer using SLAs
Can a team car ride ahead of the peloton to support a cyclist?
Are you required to cross the finish line on a bike?
Park Tool FR-5.2 fits Shimano CS-HG50 8 speed road cassette?
Purpose of fork with single bidon mount and no eyelets?
Rear wheel power spoke pattern
Fitting a saddle with non-round rails to a Stevens Arcalis
Benefit of high belt drive tension?
upgrade traditional saddle clamp (not seat tube clamp)?
Easy mounting brake calliper on a Lefty
Chain stuck between cassette and spokes and damaged rear hub - any way to fix it?
Failure in venerable spoke at nipple: causes?
Dynamo cutting out after a couple of seconds
Chain ring size
Where to find this type of chain guide?
Light for Giant Quick e+ 2018
Pressure range conflict between tire and rim
Raleigh Nitro MTB - 5-7 speed freewheel conversion - 135mm spacing
Clicking sound on each rotation of the pedals only when riding
What is causing my disc brakes to loosen when it rains?
Advice on tyres for a 109 mile charity cycle
How to release Planet Bike fender safety release tabs
Freewheel vs cassette geared hub motors serviceability
Can a Shimano XT (mountain) hydraulic disc brake caliper be used with an Ultegra STI road brake lever?
Shimano 105 upgrade
Cleaning and lubing bicycle chain with diesel
Acera rear derailleur / freewheel compatibility
Alfine shifter cable tension increases over time
Will a newer Shimano series cassette be easily interchangeable?
Creaking pressfit bottom bracket
Riding wrong size frame
Does a singlspeed conversion kit feel different than a freewheel?
Can anyone identify which Specialized Diverge model this is? It was built in 2017
Will Shimano Di2 synchro shift work with an XT (Mountain) rear derailleur with an Ultegra (Road) front derailleur on the same bike?
Are bikes with aggressive positions required to achieve high fitness levels when training on a bike?
179cm, 85.5 inseam and Cannondale Scalpel Team M
Will dual pivot caliper brakes work on cantilever fork?
Can anyone identify this "Hummer" bike?
Which is a better suited ultra endurance bike?
Go tubeless with used tires
Trailforks for road bikes?
Bike axle block/reverse chain tug?
Training weights
Inexpensive 1x10 gearing?
How to fix a crack in a silicone grip
Is a folding bike's chain more likely to slip?
Shimano integrated shifter/brake, model ST-2200
Can I use Shimano's Di2 e-tube project software to do a custom lock out of additional small sprockets while in the small chainring?
On fitting 700C rims to a dynamo hub rated for up to 20"
Road bike - Front wheel can lean to both sides
Big dent on frame: How did this damage happen?
Why do my tires always deflate between rides?
How do you measure the length of a loose spoke?
Broken stem, how to fix?
What are the conditions for removing training wheels?
How do I reduce the risk of pinch flat punctures while riding up stairs on my hardtail?
Can you use non-UST tubeless ready tyres on a UST tubeless rim?
2003 Giant Rainier MTB Leaking Shock Fluid?
How to adjust RST fork travel?
How different it is to ride with same gear ratio with 26" and 28"
57-584 tire and (50,60,62)-584 tube
Which position adjustments maximize the use of the glutes in a road bike?
Unobtainium headset size?
Shifting issues
How do I calibrate my auto tension belt?
Is there any reason for the rear frame and bottom bracket to be asymmetric?
Should I prioritise reach over stack (in choosing a new bike)?
Is this aluminium rim saveable?
My rear wheel axle has broken this is second time
Turbo trainer rear wheel movement
Keeping my ears warm while biking in the cold with a helmet
Shimano FC-RS500 11 speed chainset with 10 speed cassette and chain
Damage to bearings from press fit bb removal?
Is it possible to construct an overnight shelter using a bike as the upright?
Is it possible to mix the rings in the crankset?
What is special about 1x11 - why not just big cassette and single front ring?
What is the axle thickness of the Kent Road Tech 700c bike?
Convert from 3x drivetrain to 1x with 3x cranks
Machining a 9000 series inner chainring to fit on a 9100 series crankset
My back tire rubbing frame
Bottom bracket replacement
Can’t attach master link
How to recognize a tubeless tire?
Should I consider replacing bottom bracket?
Maintenance on hydraulic disc brakes
How do I lower the saddle on a Scirocco bicycle?
Why would I use an electric bike?
How much cycling distance is needed to travel every day for good muscular exercise?
Can I somehow attach a bashguard on top of largest chainring?
Can road bumps excite frame eigen frequencies?
Can a universal derailleur hanger be a suitable long term solution?
Defective gear shifting down
How to cover a bicycle left outside for extended periods
Axle - rear hub and washer thing a bit loose
Restoration project, help needed
New bicycle for commuting
Can a BB30 Crank Arm (Left) power meter can be used with a BB386EVO Crankset
What makes the bicycles in Amsterdam suitable for riding with jeans on?
Converting my gear jump bike to a single speed
Hydraulic disc brakes stuck on new bike
Correcting the chainline on triple crankset with chainring spacers
Quarq Dfour Fit Problem
Converting Sram Force 1 to Sram Force 22
Rear wheel not moving when axle nuts tightened
Converting calorie count on standard gym stationary bike to power data
Anti-rotation washers (non-turn) washers in non-parallel dropouts?
Can a bike have both Schrader and Presta tires?
Please Help me identify my Bike Logo
What is an equivalent or compatible chainring for this Deore XT "24-AM" chainring?
Cause of severe brake judder?
Correct Frame Size Trekking Short Legs
How to install pre bled brakes with internally routed frame
How do I keep wrinkles out of tubeless rim tape?
How to find replacement crank arm?
Pump for small tires
Are there folding bikes with safer - locked steering?
What brand is my chain?
Fat Tire Bike versus Road Bike
Identifying replacement freehub
What's the proper way to fit a hybrid/commuter bike?
How can I cycle in winter while not being able to change work clothes?
What is the top sprocket?
Magura HS33 brake pads strongly pressed against rim, despite adjusting screw fully open. Too thick? Wrongly installed?
Smartphone mount: stem mounted vs top tube
Are there any cheap, wide tubular front wheels?
Can I fix or replace the quick release lever on my thru axle?
Are carbon road bikes robust enough to use off-road?
Help identifying a bike model
What's the best way to shield a rider from the wind in a group (most aero position in the group)?
Question about Wheel Bearings
Can I install a rack if I install plugin mudguards?
Can a hybrid bike's stem be slammed to make it nearly as fast and powerful as a road or cyclocross bike?
Putting a DH fork on an enduro bike: consequences?
Are 52/34 chainrings compatible with an 11/32 11speed cassette
Bicycle noise when pedaling
Alternative for campagnolo rim brake release
What should be my first upgrade?
How durable are road or hybrid tyre tubes compared to mountain bike tyre tubes?
What is the torque needed for chainring bolts?
Back wheel spokes keep breaking
Can I use WD40 and generic bicycle oil to maintain my MTB drivetrain?
My Shimano Tourney RD-TY22 7–21 speed bike rear derailleur mech, direct attach has broken, need a replacement, preferably newer
Identify old bicycle w/locking steering column?
Can I swap front & back brake levers on Shimano ST-RS685? (hydraulic road disk brakes)
Has this rim strip expired?
Is there a non-proprietary standard for oval seat-tube/post?
The chemistry of mixing sealants
How do you optimize the recruitment of our glutes when using a more upright bike?
Fixing pinches with latex-based sealant?
Is there such a thing as 'eBike specific' freewheel?
Unstable headset/headtube
Non standard hub bearing?
Identifying a brazed steel frame
Any 36.4mm Dropper Seatposts?
Can't fit damper back into suspension forks
Freshly inserted pin on a new Shimano chain causes a stiff joint
Road STI with MTB Derailleurs
Ordering correct spoke nipple size
Old Sears Simpson bike bottom bracket replacement
Shimano SPD pedal - visible seal ring
Mavic wheels out of true after 200km, is normal?
Lubricating an alfine 11 IGH hub
IS THIS BIKE SAFE
What type of paint to use for a bike frame
Can a rusty chain be saved?
105 R7000 front derailleur with 105 5800 crankset
Bicycle Repair Stand Solutions for bikes with a Dropper style seatpost
Is it possible to add a TT shifter to Di2 junction box?
Proper term for 2/3-bolt compatible shoes
Change from 2 chain rings to single chain ring on a MTB. What size should I take?
How to determine which cassettes I can use with my derailleur?
What are the dangers of the tyre/inner tube bursting?
Shimano 105 RD-5501 on a six speed freewheel?
How to judge grade of carbon frame?
My rear brakes squeal like crazy, but not when they are wet!
Disk brake caliper fit, inboard width of calipers
Is there way to fix a disc brake rotor if slightly bent?
What front brake caliper is compatible?
Front derailleur cable keeps snapping, change of riding habits perhaps?
Hydraulic disc brakes operating by themselves
Can hanger extender be used as replaceable hanger?
Saddle bag for iPad? (10.5)
Can't change M7000 front shifter from 2x into 3x
Upgrades to Carrera Crixus
In cycling friendly cities, how do near-sighted cyclists who need glasses manage to bike to work or school in the rain?
What make is my bike?
Wilier Zero9 bottom bracket
How do I determine what types of maintainence I need to perform?
Why do I have to keep on changing my fit?
Fork is noisy sounds like metal parts are loose
What type of crank fitting is this?
How much can we change our bike wheel diameters before needing another bike fit?
What are the differences between the Alfine 8 and the Nexus 8?
Fasted training - is it worth it? Is it different when the focus is endurance?
Will any Shimano mountain bike shift cable set work with any Shimano mountain bike derailleurs and shifters?
Fixed gear bike: when I stop the bike completely I can move the pedals back and forth very slightly is this normal?
Issue shifting from largest cog to second largest
Installing SRAM X3 7-speed shifter with Acera derailleur : shifting stops at 4th cog
What are the pros and cons of suspension seats and suspension handlebars?
Ultegra R8000 groupset want to convert to flat bar shifter
Can you get a threaded bb30?
Loctite and brakes
How to keep a component "pressed" so the chain remains hooked?
Updating my vintage Shimano 600 chain rings
Cleat problem, stuck in a shoe
How to reliably tell if the rim is correctly drilled?
Why did my chain start coming off on the right side of the chainring sometimes when I am pedaling in high gear?
Chainring and cassette configuration
Should I multiply maximum tyre load by number of wheels to get maximum bike load?
Shimano bolts; oversized hex driver holes? Planning for failure?
Rim brakes out of alignment and are unfixable
How do I get a new chainring when my bike is so old, the manufacturer doesn't have the chainring (or crank) I need
Are there valve caps that show the tire pressure?
Studded tyres on asphalt
Bottom bracket replacement bearing
Which grease to use when servicing RST suspension fork
No space inside the house, where do you store / secure bike?
How to determine the minimum tire pressure if the manufacturer does not?
Remove bearing cartridge on a Formula RX-142 hub
Pinion gearbox + Gates belt drive - what are my options for 36-hole rear hubs?
Why aren't vertical dropouts truly vertical?
How can I tell number of speeds on my road bike? 9, 10, 11?
What features should I look for when buying bib tights?
Can I setup my road bike, mountain bike, and fat bike with the same set of shoes with MTB SPD cleats?
Headtube dent, how safe is it?
FSA Omega BB30 spindle comes out of drive-side crank
Spoke Length Help - First Wheel Build
Replacing FSA Omega BB30 with SRAM Force 22 BB30
Can I replace a Shimano RM30 8-speed freehub with an RM33 without any fiddling?
Road crankset with 29er mtb frame
When the motor bike tire changes
Large vs small stack & reach
Since hybrid bikes may be a compromise with no benefits, why are they still often preferred for commuting instead of drop bar bikes?
I need the help identifying what type of bike I have a notes specialized but that's about it
What mistake might I have made while truing this wheel?
Pedals not turning
How do I adjust V-brakes that engage too abruptly
Back wheel lock up, when got off wheel would move side to side
Burley push button wheels and axle?
How do wheel chair hubs/axles work?
Cargo Rack Suggestions?
Spending up to 200 dollars now on a bike for slow rides on gravel roads
Fitting Shimano cassette to an old mavic wheel
Is a Single Speed bike faster than a Geared bike?
What are these cable "unions" called
Different size cassette for the trainer?
What model of wethepeople bmx bike is this? HBOAG75989
Help me to identify this bike
I need to change the chainset on my carrera vengance 27.5 frame and wheels
Are Shimano 105 R7000 STI Levers compatible with the older R5800 deraillers?
Is a tyre with sideways bulge going to cause damage to the rim or the hub or the axle?
What are the disadvantages of having an old, worn cogset?
Last ditch attempt to fix creaking bottom bracket (Epoxying the BB into the frame)
Valve loses orthogonality in a tubular rim
Panniers and handlebar pack
Chain for Huffy beach cruiser
Convert MTB mechanical disk brakes to hydraulic
Flat mount brake caliper and rotor tolerances
Why do my tires seem to be jumping?
Brifters for Shimano Acera M3000 9 speed
Vertical dropout chips for Civia Bryant
Getting ride data from Bosch CX System
Fixie sprockets
How tight should I screw my thru-axles?
How do I know what brake rotors to get for my bike?
What kind of tool will loosen this nut holding a chainwheel on a one piece crank?
1 inch threadless headset with hollow cap for cable routing
Steering dampers
Shimano Metrea ST-U5060-R compatibility
Changing tyres on Giant Defy road bike
Suspension seatpost for mountain biking?
Lockring spacer Shimano cassette
Roadbike with aluminium wheels in mountains. Is it safe?
Chain falling off front sprocket
Help my identify this bike. (3Rensho? Specialized Allez?)
What is the generic name for the gear shifter where you have one trigger for the up shift and another for down shift?
Technique for self-adhesive puncture repair patches
Which way does this ring go on the left crank of this Shimano deore hollow tech external bottom bracket crank?
Do we know this type/brand/model of vintage bicycle?
Servicing/tensioning a rear mech
Re-use Shimano quick link?
Tacx Flow Smart trainer calibration issues with 700x35c tyre
Can I mix brands of chain and missing link
What are some notable visual observations one can make of a cassette that indicate wear? And to what degree that wear has progressed?
Compatibility of tyres with wheelset
Shimano STI does not shift up/to lower cogs
Please help me identify this bike frame?
Tadpole Recumbent Bike Correct Fairing Position
Zipp Showstopper Brake Surface
Avid Juicy 3 brake piston problems
Halfway through changing rear gear out cable
Rear derailleur has trouble switching gears on the way up, but works perfectly on the way down?
Where to get replacement bike frame cable entry grommets?
I have steel pieces after using my turbo trainer? How can I solve this problem? Is this is a problem?
My Rockshox Froze Hard
Claris ST-2300 shift/brake units compatible with V-brakes?
Tacx Thru Axle for Giant TCR
Is there any reason to switch to the Giant Aircap headset expander? Any reason not to?
Mechanical disc rotor for CUBE MTB - front wheel : Shimano 559x17-21c
Tips for a novice cyclist wanting to get fit with a turbo trainer before summer
Early Rider Belter hub maintenance
Canyon Ultimate R8000 front derailleur - can't get low enough
Fix pushchair brake wire with balls at both ends - can my idea work?
What do I need to consider for a cheap wheel for a Specialized Tri-Cross to use on a trainer?
Momentum of rear derailleur wheels?
Sunrace 10 Speed 11-46T cassette rear derailleur compatibility
Square taper spindle won't fit into the bottom bracket
What is the origin country of the bicycle brand called Longhorn?
Would like to identify a late 80s/early 90s lo-pro bicycle's manufacturer and tube type
Cost of trickle down on components
Banged frame: Is it still safe to use?
How to chose the correct hydraulic disc brake rotor size for touring bike?
Need derailleur hanger
Why does my chain slips when I put pressure on my pedals
Is my Kestrel Junk?
New bike's disc brake rubbing the pads
Does splitting long endurance rides really affect the training effect of the rides?
Need anti-rotational washer for Pedalease ebike
Change derailleur for new cassette?
Is there such a thing as a 25mm crank puller?
Can a cyclometer be used with any bicycle?
Minimum chainstay/crankset clearance
Is Likessale a scam?
How can non index shifters be limited to a specific range of gears?
Is throttle-only possible for mid-drive?
Front hub motor for fat bike?
Garmin edge 520 strange behaviour
Bottom bracket spacers
How do I make shimano SPD cleat lock into pedal more securely?
I can't extract sealed bearings out of hub
Broken Shimano FD-R453
Can I replace my road bike's front wheel quick release with any quick release?
Eagle chain B-gap adjustment without plastic tool
Disc brake keeps making ping-like shudder
Mountain bike ID help
What options do I have if my rear derailleur breaks when I'm out on a trail?
Help determining spoke length along with an education
I can't extract sealed bearings out of the wheel
Is the term "24 inch gear" universal (in the context of fixies)?
How much is average annual maintenance of a mid-range electric bike?
Long stem influence on cyclocross handling
What kind of bike is this. Looking to buy it but not sure. Any help is appreciated
Easiest bicycle to assemble? Single speed?
Why is my average speed so low?
Can I glue this crack as a temporary solution?
What is the purpose of plastic insert/plug in Deore FD-M590?
Norco Threshold Carbon SL 2017
Is my carbon fork steerer tube damaged by overtightened stem bolts
My MTB tires say "Inflate to 50 PSI". Can I inflate them a little more for commuting?
Frame with dent
Switching from hybrid to road bicycle
Choosing the proper bearings for replacement
Alternative tools for servicing a Fox fork 2016+
What type of Cinnelli frame?
New wheel. Does it need that little rubber lining between it and the tube?
2D CAD library of bicycle parts
Need help to put gear shifter back together!
Are my frame and fork straight?
Shimano Revoshift twist grip unusably tight
What solutions are there for a tyre that won't stay seated?
How can I dry a chain?
Upgrading SRAM GX
Bike sizing question - are these two sizes actually that different?
Identify bike manufacturer using the number 1857 and is made in England
Mixed Tire Size and Speedometer Setting
Levels of derailleurs, freewheels and chains
Replace Nexus 3 with rollerbrake with Alfine 11
SPD vs. SPD-SL: Which unclips most easily?
Stuck compressed piston on a Clarks Skeletal Hydraulic Brake
Gates carbon drive on carbon frame
Does it matter if I let my brakes drain when when taking system apart?
Long-arm vs short-arm v-brake linear-pull brake: understanding the sizing
Can I install/convert a Giant Quick-e+ 2019 to use an Alfine 11 speed IGH?
What is maximum load of CroMo fork?
Pros and cons of long and short derailleur cage?
Shimano Tiagra 4700 10 speed lever only shifting 9 gears
Rockshox Pike 351 closest mainline model?
Shimano chainring compatibility (7400 vs. 7700)?
SRAM eTap rear derailleur chain drop issue
Freehub has notches worn into it: is it OK?
Custom dutch bike project
Sigma 14.16 STS screen barely visible
What are all the ways in which E-Bikes can make MTB areas worse?
Disc brake rotor wear limit
Identify a 70's road frameset
Should unconventional colors be avoided for lighting?
Belt drive, rear sprocket can move sideways
Vintage Power King valuation?
What type of lever of a hydraulic rim brake is this?
R9100 chainring and R8000 crankset
Rear wheel wobbles with periodic sound
What is the drag / power lost to a safety flag?
Who made this bike
Is it safe to use a bike tire that was on a wheel that got tacod?
Hole in fork crown welding seam
Swap Shimano/SRAM freehub for Campagnolo
Is it possible that the gears switched from left to right?
Crank power meter incompatible with my bottom bracket
How wide is a 2.2" MTB tire?
Is 700c 25/32 iner tubes the same as 700c 18/25?
Tubeless Tyre Repair
Replace Viner Settanta seat post securing wedge
Tubeless vs Tubeless ready
Shimano downtube shifters 3x7 speed
Folding electrical tape around the bar tape as it reaches the middle of the handlebars
Where to find replacement Clarks Skeletal right brake?
Bosch 400Wh battery first led only is flashing and refuses to charge
Why aren’t there more tricycles with rear disk brakes (between the two rear wheels)
How much of a difference would shifting from a (24/34/44, 14x28) to a (28/38/48, 11x34) configuration make when going downhill?
need help what to do?
Heavier riders on bike trainers?
How big are pull ratios in Shimano 9-speed front derailleurs in MTB and road bikes?
Why can't a child bike seat be mounted on a carbon frame?
Rear wheel touch frame during off saddle sprint
Older Shimano Road Brake Levers vs Newer Ones Quality (SLR vs Super SLR)
Help Identifying BMX
Identifying Specialized bike
is the dry blue manufacturer-applied threadlocker the "stick" version?
New rear wheel to 8-speed Shimano Citybike, don't know what to look for
Can wearing padded cycling shorts versus regular shorts affect the adjustments during a bike fit?
Vulcanizing cement question?
Changing my crank on a track bike and it wont turn
Replacement fork has forked up my bike
Touring vs race bike
Understanding e-bike power/torque
Wear on an IGH by pre-selecting gear under power
I replaced my rear hub, but I'm not sure about how to attach the derailleur
New to cycling, wrist pain while cycling
Is it safe to bolt my single-speed chainring to the other side of the crank?
Can I convert Kiddicarrier jogger to a bike trailer?
How would I go about getting this Zefal pump to work with a Schrader valve?
Stiff, hard to use poplock, rockshox recon silver
Are disc brake rotors interchangeable between brands?
FOX FLOAT CTD Evolution oil leak :(
chain / cassette / chainrings replacement ratios - how often to you usually replace cassettes & chainrings per number of replaced chains?
Strategies against getting blinded by oncoming cars
What is this fender part called and where do I get one?
Mounting Stiff Metal Fender with Strive Bolts
700x25c tubes inside 700x23c tyre
Hose Clamp Salsa Watter Bottle Cage to Rigid Fork with No Sliding (Gravel)
What do I do about a hydraulic disk brake piston that won't retract correctly?
Can I lace a XTR rear hub with thirty two spokes from a Valiant asymmetrical rim to a thirty two hole Magic regular rim?
Back wheel suddenly started "wiggling"
How to access seat-post lever on the handlebar?
Why are recumbent bicycles and velomobiles illegal in UCI bicycle racing?
Why the vertical difference between the right-most point of TT and the left-most (union with ST) is not part of a geometry chart?
How to bleed rear SRAM Force 1 brake
Upgrading cassette to give bigger bottom gear
Threading for BB (British) for Hollowtech 2 or square taper crankset?
5 arm cranksets versus 4. Which is better and why?
What is the maximum input torque on Sturmey-Archer internally geared hubs?
How much stiffness points on Shimano shoe is before it is noticeable?
Help identifying this chainring
What is the proper placement of the feet on the pedals when viewed from the top?
Does there exist a non-electric bike that can go 60mph (95 km/h)?
Lost power when chain is not lubricated properly
What kind of bike do I have? Serial number is VF-8S3-20.5-9
What determines crank length?
Mechanical disc brake calipers: Removing pads from top side vs bottom side
What method or algorithm is used for computing Power Curve on Strava?
Crank tool threads for a BodyGuard R6X
How do I purchase a drop bar bike that will be converted to flat bar?
(Light?) rust removal from chain
Getting into biking -- choosing between choices
How to solve issue with self-unscrewing Praxis Convo BB for Shimano?
Budget brands for gears in India
Help Me Identify My Bike Serial No. : HZ100202418
Preventing use of low gears while training
Rust hole on tube between chain stays
Finding compatible parts
Shimano MTB levers with Shimano flat mount road disk brakes (hydraulic)
How to retrieve broken off end of gear cable from inside Shimano 105, 11 gear, lever?
24V eBike Battery
Ancheer electric mountain bike cuts out under load
How can I know my brake fluid needs changing?
Old bike - Chainring bolts
How to repair pedal snapped off crank arm?
Best way to strengthen a wheel?
Replaced rear axle, now seems to wobble
What is the brand/model of my bike frame?
Rack bags options
Will extra teeth on a chainring work?
What am I looking at?
New disc brake frame feels heavy at the back
What are the different uses for the 110 vs 114 vs 116 link bike chains?
New bike but no idea on inner tube size
Saddle: how good is narrow?
Why do current mountain bikes have such steep top tube? Comparing my Kona Blast 2001 vs 2019
Hybrid flat to drop conversion advice
What is causing the chain skip after chain replacement?
Spacers and boost hubs, yes or no?
New Bicycle - Chain making noise
Gearing preferences of men vs. women on road bikes
Can I use a 130mm OLD wheel on a 135 mm rear spacing frame to put on a home trainer?
Which kind of test has bike parts to pass to be sold?
Loud cracking/creaking sound only when cycling uphill
Chain prototype
What tool do I need to remove this bottom bracket?
Fitting front derailleur to one-by hardtail
Is it possible to convert a press fit bottom bracket to threaded?
Lifespan chain and gear wheels on e-bike
Voodoo Bizango: Will the Schwalbe Marathon Almotion fit?
Stripped out bottom bracket
Difference between thick vs thin front suspension?
What front derailleur is this? Want to replace/upgrade
Why is Shimano's 105 groupset called 105?
Identify this bike please
Rear brake cable temporary fix possible?
Shimano Shadow vs Non-Shadow Rear Derailleur for Commuter Bike
1972 Schwinn 10 speed missing chain need to know how many links
Understanding science of speed difference between two bikes
Which bicycle is the most hollow?
Sealed bearings characteristics for road bike wheels?
Will 8 speed shifters work on 6 speed cassette?
Replacement freehub
Where does this bike comes from?
wheel size confusion
Is it possible to convert a suspension fork to rigid by drilling it?
Does Garmin Oregon 700 have Strava integration?
Misplaced tyre lever - alternatives?
Effect of raising handlebars on a fat bike
SRAM eTAP cassette compatibility
What year/model is it?
Is this a touring bike?
Pie plate cog on SRAM 2x
How to ensure security of panniers when touring
Chain size designations e.g. 1/2 x 3/32 : how to measure?
Chain guides; yay or nay?
Going from 7 Speed Cassette to 8 Speed Cassette
How do you bicycle the most efficiently on a road bicycle?
Why cant I unscrew the bolt from my top cap?
What causes tire sealant to seal?
My cassette model name doesn't seem to fit the actual cassette description.. (CS-HG50-9 and CS-HG500-10)
Should I replace with 8sp or upgrade to 9 speed? Or 10 speed?
Rickshaw electric conversion
How to install round brake pads
I want to increase my gear range, will my front gears affect the cassette I can use?
Is this a crown race?
What is this BMX brand logo?
Problems with cheap housings
Why do I never get DOMS (delayed onset muscle soreness) from cycling but I do after walking?
Rear V brake replacement
What is the science behind interval training?
Quick release and tires moving in the frame?
Finding compatible fixed-gear cog and lockring
Front derailleur range suddenly has become very short
What's the type of polymer material used in friction bushings in Sram rear derailleurs clutches?
Ball size to ball bearing lookup possible
Can I pump my MTB tire to max (55 psi / 380 kPa) without the tube inside bursting?
Changing 23mm tyre to 25mm - considerations?
Ivanhoe ladies with wooden rims, wooden rear fender, wooden chain guard
Sudden deflation of a mountain bike tube without a bang?
How much stiffer are 23c tires over 28c?
What is this part of a bicycle trailer called, and where can I find a replacement?
SRAM x5 derailleur fitting
Aero bike considerations for purchase
Can I patch a tire (not a tube) that has a hole?
Puncture resistant tire vs puncture resistant tube
Cantilever Power Hanger
Spoke max tension
Can hydraulic brake levers get hot when brakes overheat?
Loud "thunk" sound each time my shoes pass the 1 o'clock position with both shoes
Reassemble my Shimano Deore XT shifter
Handlebars wobble when gripping center of bar
Does shorter shock stroke limit rear travel better than higher shock pressure?
What kind of nut is used on Shimano hub dynamo with rollerbrake?
Replacing Claris FD 2400 with R2000
Brake pads destroying wheels
Is this bike XC or Trail?
How to choose the light bulbs for a given dynamo
Can I put a 700 x 35 tire on a Cannondale Quick 2 that has a 700 x 28 tire?
How to fix tubeless tire leak at rim seam
Independent drivetrains on tandem bicycle
Need help identifying a vintage road bike, possible Benotto 3000
Can I use denatured alcohol instead of isopropyl alcohol when servicing a fork?
Using a 9 speed cassette with a 11 speed shifter
I need some help identifying a bike I just acquired
What is year and model of my Diamondback?
Multi-city bike rental in Europe (NL, BE)
JIS and ISO square taper
What bottom bracket do I have
KMC chain disconnection issue
Okay to use new KMC master link on old KMC 11spd chain?
Seat clamp slid the seat down as I was riding, hurt my knees
Remove crankset when no bolts visible
Shifting from a Tiagra BB to an Ultegra or Dura Ace BB?
How to remove stuck Shimano Hollow-Tech bottom bracket cups?
Rear derailleur mounting bolt or hanger thread stripped?
How can I fix brake pads being too tight even after pushing the pistons back in?
New brakes for 90s road bike
What kind of fork end is this?
Is this Raleigh headset worn?
Discs rubbing no matter what I do
What can cause narrow disc brake gap in TRP Spyre-C?
Could the E-bike drivetrain wear down till needing replacement after 400 km?
Cut off tubeless plug head?
Re-greasing Raleigh rea268
Can't get in first gear on Shimano ten speed block
Giant Toughroad SLR 2 for 200 miles in two days, will it make it?
Swytch eBike conversion wheel axle diameter
Constantly engaged disc brakes, how hydraulic brakes retract?
Can I upgrade to newer groupsets despite my frame not supporting internal cable routing?
How to assess safety of carbon frame after crash?
Brake weirdness on my new E-bike
Ebike battery - volts and wattage
Removing Derailleur Hanger from Devinci Spartan
Daily commute as HIIT training?
Can I convert a rim brake wheel to a disc brake wheel?
How do I reassemble this Quando rear hub?
Are road bike shifter hoods compatible across models?
V brake collects metal fragments
Is the Shimano UN55 bottom bracket in 68x122.5 and 68x127.5 sizes JIS square taper?
What could be causing excessive friction in a new rear hub?
swapping crankset and chainline compatibility
Gears on left are inverse to gears on right?
Repair vs replace my Trek 1.5
What bike should I get? For forests and city mainly
Is ISIS compatible with BSA?
How to commute by (electric) bike in excessive heat
I'd like to know what kind of bmx bike I have
Can I replace a Shimano FC-MT500 26/36 crankset with a Shimano Ultegra FC-R8000 36/46 set?
What size rim is OK?
Where to find specific vintage rim/wheel?
Sticking pedals problem
Replacement tyres for my daughter's used bike
Is there a front derailer type that can be mounted on a frame without braze on or fitting on the seat tube, or clamping?
Which tube will fit a -(700 x 25c) wheel?
Any MTB trigger shifters that work with Shimano RD-4600?
Sealant in inner tubes: what's the difference?
Why did my rear derailleur fail in the middle sprocket?
Bicycle as SUV car?
Bicycle pump slips after using gear oil
how do i put my bottom bracket back together
New carbon wheel brake pads after use on aluminum wheel?
Road bike handle bar adjustment to one weaker and shorter arm
Is it ok to trim down a tube patch?
Are there mandatory bike paths in Netherlands?
Why is it not recommend to put V brake levers on cantilever brakes?
I can't inflate tire. Should I look for another pump?
Change Derailleur on CX Bike
Upgrading From a 9 Speed Sora Derailleur?
What crank arm bolt is required here?
Sync problem between Xiaomi and garmin
Chain getting stuck between large chain ring and front mech when changing into big ring
11/10 speed cassette remove 2 cogs to fit 9 speed hubs
park tool axle vise av5 - does it do modern qr 9mm axles
Derailleur play between cage and knuckle
Front disk brake squealing
How often should I charge my (lithium) e-bike battery?
Trek Tire Fit Exchange
What are the differences between new Nexus 7 speed hub (SG-C3001-7), versus old (SG-C3000-7)?
Should I cover my bicycle overnight while bikepacking?
What's wrong with my shifter?
What is a good way to mount / secure a regular backpack, while commuting?
Stopping power of mountain vs road bike
Cause of dent on derailleur hanger?
How to remove very very tight hub locking nut
Which one to choose? 3X9 or 3X8 groupset?
Is it possible to do 50 km distance without any previous training?
Help identify this derailleur hanger
Wheel won't turn?
Bike won’t shift to 6 or 7 gear because shifter is too stiff
Mechanical disc brake not like it used to be
Why does my bike vibrate when going down?
What’s a good way to carry a kid’s bike on an otherwise full bakfiets?
Tube valve cap keeps breaking
Is this a crack on the carbon frame?
Is it possible to rebuild a a steel bike frame (to make it lighter) by welding aluminum tubes
Cruiser bike weird pedaling problems, feels like back tire moving
Why is an old chain unsafe?
Threadlocker and Bottom Brackets
SRAM Apex 1 doesn't upshift
How to remove an older Shimano Hollowtech crank?
What make road bike is this vintage 1980s bike?
Aero bars are a pain in the neck - are there strengthening exercises?
Eggbeaters cleats mounting to 3-hole shoe
fixed gear bicycle chain tension
Soundsystem for bicycle
What freehub do I need?
Does it makes sense to buy a new cycle to learn riding?
Can I legally use front facing blue light in the UK?
Should I worry about uneven disc brake pad wear?
Why are barrel adjusters different for brakes and gears?
Mixing Ultegra or 105 left crankarm with Shimano Sora support
How can I lock a gear barrel adjuster that keeps moving?
Should a cross-threaded (but functional) freehub body be considered safe?
Why is doping illegal in Tour de France?
Is it worth rebuilding a wheel myself to save money?
My chain skips on the front chain rings. What do I do?
Can you have an Ultegra crank arm on the one side and a 105 crank arm on the other side
Removing cushion from Aldi Bikemate Boodie seat
Clicking noise when cranks rotate
Loose spokes after only a few rides
Replacing Giant Defy 4 2013 alloy steerer fork with Giant carbon steerer fork
How to choose brake cables
What to expect from an e-bike service?
Rusty brake nuts & cables: Should I change my brakes or not?
Fitting question for first trekking bike - differences in stack and reach
Damaged carbon fibre wheels
Lights for Rixen Kaul Klickfix shopper basket
Strategy for removing a bottom bracket with plastic retainers?
What replaces Shimano Deore LX rear derailleur RD-M570?
Replacement derailleur 2015 Kona Precept
Is this hub beyond repair?
Relationship between given width of a tire and actual height
Bottom Bracket for Trek Crossrip Elite 2014?
Broken bearing cover near stem
What is the proper way to tighten dual bolt saddle rail clamp to stop rail slippage?
Anyone know of 3x7 brifters with internal cabling?
Compatibility of Tiagra 4700 shifter with MTB front derailleur
Road tyres vs "Street" tyres for charity ride on MTB Tandem
Chain falls between the chainrings of the front derailleur when shifting from the big ring to the small one
What kind of bike is this, found in basement
I’m unsure what I need to change to 1x chainring
What are Clarks 2P and 4SP cable housings?
Bike kit needs battery , need help choosing a battery and confused by specs
What hanger is compatible with Shimano Claris RD R200?
Since seat tube angle has little effect on max power output, why not adjust the reach with saddle setback?
What are my options - TA to QR conversion
What are the benefits of purchasing a complete bike from a respectable brand? (Road cycling)
Damaged pedal axle thread in crank arm
Maintenance as my Derailleur are squeaking due to the everyday use and carelessness shown while changing gears while the cycle is static
new or used bike?
I want an old road bike to fix up that goes fast. Where do I start?
Use 105 crankset on 9x2 Sora equipped bike
Anything wrong with using MTB saddle on hybrid bike
Fork lockout problems
Can anyone help me with what kind of bike this is?
Hi, I'm looking for some help in identifying this bike frame?
Tubus rack compatibility
Is it cost-effective to upgrade an old-ish Giant Escape R3 commuter bike with entry-level branded parts (wheels, drivetrain)?
installing cotter pin cranks - pin isn't flush
Do gear train cogs exist (for driving a cog from a motor)?
Deore RD M592 with old school shimano trigger shifter
Mountain bike suspension forks
Axle is too short
Surly Ogre thru axle fork options
How to install press fit bottom bracket into new frame
'Micro adjust' saddle clamp not allowing fine enough adjustment (on SP12 suspension seatpost)
Rockshox Reverb dropper seatpost squashing from new
Creaking headset
How do I tell what width chain my used chainring needs?
Converting quick release to solid axle
Shimano front derailleur compatiblity with FSA crankset
Zero Offsetting P1 pedals using just Rouvy android mobile app
Upgrading 20 year old road bike's groupset
Frame and Fork compatibility - 1 1/4" to 1 1/2"
Shimano 105 brifters (5800) and Avid BB5 compatibility
Do dirty brake pads cause them to wear faster?
What does 'tubeless ready' wheelset actually mean
Rechargeable Bicycle Light Storage
Why aren't road bicycle wheels tiny?
Shimano Sora FC-3503 chainrings
Pedal sometimes getting stuck
What is the best way to raise handle bars
Help with an ID on this road bike
What causes the different types of tire skidding noises?
What is the regular maintenance on electric hubmotors?
Comparing mini pumps - what to look for and what to consider?
What is this bottom bracket standard called
Help identify Trek Multitrack 750
Crankset removal, Shimano FC-M361
What is it called when you ride around on your front wheel?
How to choose pedals with 1/2 inch axle (single piece crank) for a non-bmx?
is this grease usable for bikes?
Bike size advice Bianchi vs Cannondale
Could I use a FD-M735 with a FC-MC3x?
I’m looking for a entry level road bike under $500
How did my headset get this way?
Dyno Mountain Bike?
Bike fit: Adjusting stem angle vs. height
Will a bashboard and 3 chainrings require longer bolts?
Mag wheels for a hybrid
Fuji Aloha 2.0 Seatpost too long?
Can I use Shimano Claris shifter to my Shimano Tourney road bike
Can I grease a crank spindle/bracket without disassembling the crank set?
Is not changing/shifting gears much bad when riding around?
Map of water taps to fill bottles
What era is this JC Higgins 24" bike?
Damaged in a crash
Can I upgrade my 2007 front suspension?
How to cut derailleur cable housing
Adjust deraillers after changing chain?
Tweaking a Giant TCX Advanced
Bike pump issues
Trainer for recumbent bikes
bicycle for a beginner
Finding a replacement for "Schwalbe No.19 40/62-584/635" tube
What is the typical angle between the derailleur post (seat tube) and top of chain?
Can I ride a big bike?
Public Transportation Bike Rack Size
Why do freehub and cassette have only one position that matches?
Octalink v2 bottom bracket on italian shell
Unidentified items in bicycle tube repair kit
"bent" by design frame
What is the consistency of the Finish Line Dry Teflon?
27" x 1 1/4" back flip flop wheel or track wheel(rear)
How to improve/restore vintage Peugeot bike, or is it even worth it?
Can you record multiple rides on a Garmin 500 and download more than one on Strava?
Cracks in paint on aluminum frame
Is the Shimano 2303 crank arm and the 2300 crank arm the same?
Will microSHIFT ADVENT 9 speed handle 46t, 50t large sprockets?
Should I replace my bicycle tires if they have not been inflated in multiple years
What frame does my mountain bike have?
Can I fix my Park Tool CCP-22 - the round head came off?
I have a bmx bike that i bought as a Subrosa but someone told me that it's an Eastern.I don't know what bike or frame it is
Opening a Shimano Alfine 8 hub (large dust cover)
Bike tube going flat for no reason
25-32mm tube work in a 38mm tire?
Rear tire dragging on rim brake arm
Is a 22 inch road bike appropriate for a 5'9" person?
29er Road Tire?
Pitted Cups - Can I get away with this level of pitting?
Is disk brake effectiveness mitigated by tyres losing traction under strong braking?
What bicycle manufacturer used this emblem
Can the Shimano front derailleur prevent a gear of my bike from working?
How should a bicycle fit?
Shimano Front Chainwheel FC-MC19 Replacement?
Old Soviet Bike - Turist XB3 - What size pedals are these?
Just how bad are bottle dynamos?
Ultegra 6870 Di2 Synchro Shift
Does rim size make a difference to chain length?
Need assistance identifying new tire options for Fuji 4130
Upgrade disc-brake wheels
Changing fixig rear cog from 16t to 19t
Single chainring conversion issues
Is KCP a trustable bicycles Brand?
Bearing cone and locknut won’t tighten. Easily fall off when taking wheel off. Has it snapped?
Sizing a hybrid bike
Giant Trance 4 2016
How to increase speed on my hybrid bike with flat handlebars and 700X35C tyres?
How to make a kid's bike easier to pedal
BB7 disc brake pads
Please help identify this frame
Can't find nuts for old mavic wheel
Do oversize pulley wheels increase derailleur capacity?
Lateral movement on rear cassette
My old pedals don't spin freely, is it worth lubing them?
32-622 tire too small for 622x19 rim?
Yellow anti-rotation washer, Shimano Nexus 3 speed with trailer?
How to verify bicycle by frame serial number
Rusty chain and back cassette – Replace or repair?
How to make a DIY tow bar for a collapsible cargo wagon
Can I use a 11-23 11-speed Shimano cassette with the RD-R8000 11-speed Ultegra Shadow rear derailleur (short cage)?
Giant Defy Advanced 2 brake replacement
How to install a cartridge bottom bracket (threaded) in threadless shell?
Pulley for 10 Gear Derailleur for 9 Gear Chain
Need help replacing old cassette and chain
How to slow yourself down (for playing nice with others)
Bicycle clicking popping sound felt in the pedals usually when pedalling hard
What is the average reduction in air pressure for a mountain bike tire?
Could I use a front rim to build a rear wheel?
Spokes stick out of nipples when rebuilding wheel
Can I do brevets (long distance rides) on my hybrid bike? If yes, how to start?
Bike Fit for 5'3" woman, 47 or 51 cm?
Old thumb shifter slips - can it be mended?
What rear axle do I need?
How well are new helmets packaged?
Are Suntour XCM30 forks adjustable with lockout?
The best way to mount a rear rack
How can I stop someone borrowing my bike anymore?
Front derailleur hard to move due to gear cable angle
Mavic Cosmic SLS - carbon separation
Rider weight limits regarding a bicycle purchase
Could I add chain rings, front derailleur, and shifter for the front derailleur from other bike?
Riding with a Gates belt past its due replacement mileage: can it snap or other risks?
Front gears won't shift
Frame adjustment for engine
Chain link speeds
Replacement for discontinued Schwalbe Tyrago
Bike Identification needed, townie bike
Bike making random noises after being lubricated
Front derailleur compatibility of Shimano 3x10 speed flat bar shifters
Frame identification
How can I get a snapped gear cable out of my Shimano brifter?
1999 Giant Lafree Sport ebike charger
Can I use slider dropouts on my track dropouts?
Inline Barrel Adjusters with Shimano 105 R7020?
Stop Kickstand on Plate Shifting into Crank Arm
White foam around tubeless tires
Do you need to remove the disc rotor to replace a drive side spoke?
Lower gearing for a Trek 520
Disc brakes not separating with force
Does it matter what way the tires go if no directional arrow?
Sigma BC 500 bike computer "SET MPH"
Differences between starting a road bike vs a mountain bike?
Rims with replaceable braking surface?
How do I clean the inside of my frame? Is it even necessary?
My shifter is not moving my gears
Pedaling at different gear ratios on flat terrain: what's the point?
What is this rubber on gear cables
Cycling to work - 30 mile return
Are thru-axles generally hollow or solid?
I think I bought the wrong bike
Vintage shimano chain ring part numbers
Clarks Exo hydraulic brakes can't get fluid in
Why wear sunglasses in indoor velodromes?
Deore XT Power Crank
How can I get a detachable bike light (300+ lumen) that runs off of AA or AAA NiMh batteries?
E-Bikes and Kid Trailers?
How to get grease out of my brake rotor holes
Help please with this picture. Bmx frame
Disc brake rub problem
How can one stop brakes from screeching?
Keeping a 2006 Giant SCR 3 on the road - 9 speed to 11 speed?
Help Me Identify My Old Norco Bike
Pedals with largest outside platform area
What model of bike does Jock use in the film Young Offenders
Chain/rear derailleur off
Mystery Ladies Bike
Wheel build sanity check
Prevent internally-routed cable housing from vibrating against frame
Cannondale MTB hydraulic brakes
Convert urban/hybrid with hydraulic disk brakes from flat handlebars to drops
Is new Hozan spoke thread roller better than old one
SRAM i3 coaster brake only activating after multiple turns backwards
Replaced axle and now clunking in back
What is the thread size/measurement of the derailleur barrel adjuster?
Buying a bike that has been idle in a garage for years?
Would longer axle to crown be ok?
Does any know what type of bike this is?
Can I repair this valve stem hole?
Wheel, tube and tires
Discrepancy between old chain length and largest chainring largest cog method
What make model and year is this vintage Trek?
New build, front derailleur won't shift to outer cog
Bottle holder for mountain bike
Locknut on threaded headset doesn't tighten
Fixie: how to learn to ride: step by step
Bearing failure and wheel offset on Chicco Red Bullet
Standard vs wide shimano shoes
Worn out square taper bottom bracket spindle?
Which spokes go on the non drive side and which go drive side?
Cassette, chainring, chain compatibility
Is there a standard disc brake mount to disc brake rotor distance?
How to patch glass cuts in a bicycle tire?
Replacement stem cap and bolt
Is it possible to fit full coverage fenders on a road bicycle with V-brakes?
Bicycle fork design history
Can I install a back bike rack without attachment to the rear part of the frame?
Smart trainer & CX bike compatibility
Bottom bracket sizing
Trimming Shimano FD-R3000 front derailleur
Front Derailleur Chainring Size Tolerance
How do I remove this style of bottom bracket?
How long is chamois cream meant to be effective?
What's the max weight a Btwin riverside 50 can hold?
How to attach cable mounting points to a bicycle frame?
27.5 x 2.25 tyres replacing a 27.5 x 2.10 tyres
How to deal with fog, condensing on the outside of glasses?
Using a Tiagra/105 front derailleur with R3000 shifters
Does fitting mudguards / fenders improve aerodynamics?
How can I replace my front cog... or fix slipping off on folding bike?
Can I use a spoke tension meter to fix my uneven pre-tensioning prior to truing?
When I stop pedaling my bike the rear gears keep turning, is this an easy fix? Bike is a vintage Raleigh Grand Prix
Garmin Edge 520, strange conflict
Why do my tubes fail with a small area of rubber missing?
Chainwheel compatibility with Shimano Alfine (single ring)
TRP quadiem brakes - lever not in place
Disc brake pistons won't stay in
How to remove hex crank bolt
Vintage bike - help with chainring replacement
Can I replace a 3x8 1999 Sora crankset with a Claris FC-2403?
Mini-van for bicycle
Help! front wheel brake doesn't brake (Shimano)
How can I offer a test ride while selling a bike?
Replacing Raleigh record ace forks circa 1978
What parts do I have to change if I want to change my derailleur to higher speed?
Replacing multiple spokes (9/36): more like replacing spokes or rebuilding a wheel?
How do I get a cleat that's stuck in a pedal, detached from the shoe, out?
Cheap Apollo forks: The fork suspension feels too soft
Not able to get crank bolt into bottom bracket spindle
What is the the difference between the new MTB Altus, Alvio, Acera?
My new bicycle skids laterally, especially in the wet; what can I do about it?
Is cycling killing me? Excessive congestion
Sun protection clothing
Is my rear shifter broken? Ultegra 6800 shifter, 11 speeds, 9 clicks, only 8 causing cable tension change
Bent spoke design wheels — feasible?
Maximum weight of a pedal vehicle
Help please - Dent in top tube of double butted aluminium frame
How to create a bicycle that rolls backwards when you pedal forward?
What is the function of these 'bulges' on the frame?
Raising handlebars using a stem raiser on B'twin Triban 500
Can't tighten thru-axle
What Gates Carbon Drive parts should I upgrade?
How to protect brake cable that runs beneath top tube while hanging bike on rack
Does the nukeproof horizon mtb rim have a brake track?
Help identifying make of steel elevated chain stay mountain bike frame
What can cause the front wheel to lock up when going over a small bump?
Fitting a display to an ebike kit
How can I troubleshoot battery issues on an electric bike?
A carbon fracture or a paint crack?
Why would a frame lack serial numbers?
Frame failure sudden death?
What could have caused a rear derailleur to end up in the back wheel suddenly?
Can anyone give me some information on this Peugeot frame I bought this weekend?
Fixing leg position while turning
Is there a way to calculate the correct bicycle tire pressure?
Please identify my Orbea
Bridgestone Albelt
Should I avoid hard-packed crusher dust trails with my hybrid?
Play in headset with no upper bearings on a tandem bicycle
To what extent should I insulate an electric bike battery during winter?
2 speed (double) shimano road shifter on triple chainring crankset?
How to recognize a bad tire?
Will replacing 26" suspension fork with rigid 29"
Bent Peugeot Carbolite 103 Frame
Lowest rideable gear ratio
Can you tell me what this frame is and year please
140mm rear rotor for bike packing
Triple crank, extra click while downshifting
New pedal fell off maybe 50 miles after installation. Should I replace the entire crank, just the arm, or repair the thread?
Carbon integrated seatpost small dent
New bike, tubeless tire will not inflate
Brake system replacement
SRAM Cassette with Shimano 105 groupset
What is the actual diameter of our current bicycle chain's rollers?
Chain not fitting on big chainring
Is this damaged aluminium frame unsafe to use?
Putting 8-sprocket cassette on a 18-speed bike
Hole inside fork's upper tube, air-spring side?
Air in oil damper of suspension fork after pulling hard while disassembling
Can the belt drive on a Trek 1st District be replaced with a chain drive?
Chain Cleaning Frequency vs Cost
Is chemical stripping as good as bead-blasting to prepare a steel frame for repainting?
Can 26 x 1.5 inner tube fit 26 x 2.0 tire?
Which type lockring removal tool do I need
How (un)safe is it to ride barefoot?
Can this frame be used or is it done?
Commuter bike for better performance: less weight, or internal gear-hub?
Identify this BMX logo please?
Am I over weight for this bike I bought
Should I replace the bent Derailleur hanger?
Does my chain need to be replaced because it has looped itself many times?
Dedicated bike GPS computer over smartphone
How to keep my feet cool in cycling shoes?
Can you help me by ID-ing this bike?
Speedplay pedal grease problem
Can I get an ebike with a 500 watt motor in Australia?
Giro shoe size help
Snap a Shimano chain pin without pliers?
Clean brake rotors and pads
The palms of my hands really hurt
Does anyone here have measurements of SRAM's direct-mount spline interface?
Adult vs kid's bicycle for a tall kid?
How to secure the fork when there is no stem
Sleep or not to sleep
How to guide rear brake cable in a frame without brake guides?
What are real advantages of brake hose junction connectors?
Sram thumb lever issue
Converting 3x7 to a 1x7. Is it possible with only existing parts?
How important is it to re-space my rear hub?
KNOG BLINDER ARC 5.5 battery replacement
Rotor does not fit between pads after replacing the pads
Got a new frameset, don't know why I need this split ring collar?
Why doesn't my new SRAM XG-1295 cassette bolt turn freely?
Rear rockshox thru axle. How to remove it if skewer got broken off?
Fill my Fox Shock with Air
Old time bike. Can I put a rear derailleur?
Why is it easier to balance a non-moving bike standing up than sitting down?
What is the size of the front axle nut of the Supercycle Hooligan?
Ultegra FC-R8000 Right Crank Arm Creak
Ultegra FC-R8000 Chainring Bolt Fatigue
Removing powder paint from threads
Identify the bike/frame NS alike?
Is Acera m4000 usable for trails
Can I install an upright handlebar (curved towards me) on a touring bike?
Inner tube exploded
Fork load capacity
Terminology: coaster brakes vs free wheel?
Do I need a shock-proof watch for cycling?
How do you come to a stop without dismounting?
Removing WD40 from disk brakes - possible?
Shimano R7000-FD compatible with 10 speed?
Minimum distance between holes in inner tube
Single speed chain wide - is this OK?
Cateye HR-10 heart rate monitor not recording
Can I replace loose ball bearings with caged ball bearings in my hub?
What crankset/chainrings on 1990's cyclocross
Can moving cycling cleats forward be a good way to train our calf muscles?
A clicking every couple of pedal turns (video included)
Shimano Alivio parts ID (with pictures)
Identification from a youtube video
Folding basket - is there such a thing?
Can I fit a 32-622 tire on a 32-630 rim?
Compatibility between Shimano 105 crankset and Shimano Deore derailleur
"Oil" all over bike
Chain skipping and loud noise when pedalling
Are 9150 shifters and wireless compatible with 9100 Rear Derailleur?
How to address a wobbly cassette
Shimano LP25 Sealed Cartridge Bottom Bracket
Rear wheel slipping out of slot after attempting a 180
Need some help identifying my new project
How to / is it possible to straighten a bent seatstay/chainstay on a steel frame? At home or inexpensively by a professional
How to replace this SRSUNTOUR slider sleeve?
How do I know what gear combinations should work without chain rasp on front derailleur?
Will a tube smaller than the tire be compatible?
DT SWISS 1800C Spline converting from 142-12mm to 135-10mm thru bolt
What kind of bike do I have, "manufacturer/model"
Positioning of mobile phone on handlebar
What year is Dyno "air" anodized red 3mag wheel
Influence of tire breadth on cornering
How can I check whether a fork is bent
Rolling resistance, comfort or puncture proof?
When I am pedaling hard my chain jumps but doesn’t go to higher or lower gear
would like to find out what kind of frame I have
Where can I find information on Kent 700c Eagle Ridge axle nuts, I want to buy Hexlox
I buy and sell used bikes some have been repainted how can I find manufacturer if there are no identifying marks
Reverb dropper post lever loose
How many teeth should be on my chainring?
Replace gear shifter with one with gear number display
Choosing my first bike
SRAM Twist Shifter Paired with Shimano Rear Derailleur
Mountain Bike has 26 x 2.125 Tires on, Can I Fit 26 x 1.95?
