Installing RnBeads via bioconductor - .onLoad failed in loadNamespace(), call: NULL
How to compare transcriptomic profiles of two cell types (single cell RNA-seq)?
What software/tool can I use to visualise a multiple sequence alignment in the xmfa format as produced by command-line tool Mauve?
Map domain names from UniProt bed files to domain accessions
Using column 2 of one file to match with two columns of another file, and append
How to remove all BAM read groups from all reads (not just the header)?
replacing SNPs with missing calls with a specific string
I am getting this error when running a test data set for Lyve-SET on RHEL 7. Is this an MPileup error or something else?
Scaling by linear regression against the number of reads
What are doublets in single cell RNA-seq data?
Can the canu assembler output a fastq file of the final assembly just like HGAP4?
Biopython - extracting query coverage from XML Blast output
Inspection of gene expression in scRNA-seq data
Lisp in bioinformatics
Cross-reference with PDB database
Infer missing UTR features in GFF3 file
"No records to view" error in the "Drug and Drug Target Mapping" PDB's search engine
Can Mauve export indels or is there an whole-genome aligner that can export indels?
how to count the number of each allele of CNVs?
Intersecting two different files with one "master" file based on different columns
How to filter ribosomal RNA from scRNA-seq data
Difference between de novo transcriptome assembly methods
What are RIKEN genes?
Normalization using parallel R script
Order of batch effects removal, data imputation and library size normalization in scRNA-seq data
Is there anything similar to GSEA for locus-based (instead of of gene-based) data?
determining doublets in single-cell RNA-seq
In GFF3, annotating more than one protein-coding gene (i.e. polycistronic) contained in a eukaryotic mRNA
ROC analysis, CAFA 2 experiment
Why doesn't Biopython AlignIO.read() recognise the 'mauve' format?
How do I compare transcriptomes of the same species across different developmental stages?
getting KeyError on certain residues in BioPython: ATOM vs. HETATM lines
Hba-a2 has two copies on UCSC genome browser
How to show only my read on IGV?
Error in .checkedCall : subset indices out of range
Drawbacks of upper quartile normalization for scRNA-seq data
Improve scRNA-seq dataset for further analysis
Approximate matches with bedtools intersect
GSEA- parsing error for .cls file
Parse out exon coordinates from bed file for each gene
how to plot LD between SNPs and CNVs
What is the ICGC normalized_read_count?
Can second search with limited search space improve result in MS proteomics data?
How to download the whole BLAST nt database into a specific folder?
Is it possible to find out the PacBio chemistry from the PacBio Sequel BAM's header?
Intron retention events for a condition sample with 3 replicates
Assign cell types to groups of cells based on their gene expression profiles
Is this a low complexity region in our human genome?
Find number of possibilities
ethnicity check either from bam or vcf files
Does the MAPQ=0 fraction of a BAM file depend on the insert sizes?
Pathifier bioconductor package recommends to use technical noise for an argument. How to determine it?
What is the meaning of the Hmmer profile?
Where can I find gene expression data on one of the cell lines in NCI-60?
Where did the BIND went?
How to demultiplex pair-end fastq reads with barcode 2 in the identifier line?
What is the detection limit of protocol in scRNA-seq
Plot percentage of genome covered
Gene expression data in GC-RMA format?
Counting reads within the intron
Where can I find a list of SNP rs IDs that belong to the X chromosome?
bed file to gtf conversion using awk
Is there a tool that can take a protein's amino acid sequence and would display it's locus on the genome?
How to concatenate "by chromosome"-VCFs?
How can I count the number of reads that support a variant in a bam file?
bed entries collapse based on score column
Make ipyrad use cuda-enabled NVidia card on Ubuntu
What is the --rev_comp_mapping_barcode parameter in the QIIME1 script extract_barcodes.py?
Finding the nearest gene to a specified gene region
predict the foldability of single-stranded DNA molecules
Help with generating network from gene expression data
Mapping Information from SAM/BAM file
Removing repeated reads from nanopore 1D² reads
QMean standalone evaluation
Looper: Duplicate sample name error
How to retrieve SNPs data of different humans?
Looper: missing argument error
Splitting characters of a column in repeated lines and reducing them to one line
How to use DCA to deduce the contacts between 2 proteins ensembles?
knnImputation for missing data
Are mitochondrial genes to exclude in scRNA-seq such as ribosomal genes?
Looper: can't specify the individual path for one pipeline run
population admixture
Mapping bisulfite reads to a reduced size genome
Perplexity is too large
remaining human genome variation that hasn't been sequenced?
Write the output of the VariantAnnotation package to file
R package development: How does one automatically install Bioconductor packages upon package installation?
Picard CollectGcBiasMetrics ignoring certain chromosomes/sequences
TCGA data sets joining multiple files
Histogram of different classes of variables in one column
Identifying amino acid substitutions from local alignments in R
How to find/build the evolutionary history of a protein from its sequence?
How to install and use pbhoney on Mac OSX?
How to subset a BAM by a list of QNAMEs?
How to install blasr on Mac OS X?
How to generate a weblogo image that takes into account sequence frequencies?
Aligning ChIP-Seq reads to repeats for downstream peak analysis
Database of position weight matrices for protein motifs?
How can I subset a reference based on only the first chromosome?
Can I batch output the graph of Secondary Structure in VMD Timeline analysis?
How to subset a VCF by chromosome and keep the header?
Problem installing RATT
What is the difference between the entity_src_genCategory tag and the entity_src_natCategory tag in pdb-xmls?
Blast hits disappearing after changing -evalue
Downloading an open-source MAF with tumor and normal BAMs?
Different outputs of computeMatrix depending on binsize
What are the count units in DEseq2?
Counting the number of paralogues for mouse genes gives me the wrong frequency in R
How to download the whole directory of an ensembl FTP page?
How to read the "SEQRES" section from a PDB file, using R
Tools to do VCF to MAF and MAF to VCF conversion?
Detect transcript isoform abundance for a specific gene in scRNA-seq
How to simulate biological pathways?
factoextra: Error in if (xlab == "x") xlab <- "x value" : argument is of length zero
Can VMD change its cartoon representation for secondary structure according to trajectories?
Comparing two multi-fasta files of the same set of proteins with parser - to find and count mutations after treatment
COSMIC Genotypes and Phenotypes
Why does RATT create a directory with chromosome sequences and how can I stop it?
Does MinKNOW work with Mac OSX high sierra 10.13.1?
How can I calculate and compare intra-cluster correlation for each GO term and pathway?
Is there a standard way to clean a PDB file and re-number its residues?
How hard is it to clean and QC gene expression microarray data?
SNP located within a promoter region (pig)
ComBat for batch effects removal on scRNA-seq data
Parsing SAM/BAM files for additional information
Is there a standard method to validate whether a bigWig file is correct?
Web scraping in R
How do kmer counters determine which kmer is 'canonical'?
What are the pros and cons of the different basecallers in Oxford Nanopore Technology Sequencing?
What is the standard way to measure contig sequence lengths in a BAM?
How do I get the gene order from genbank file using gene names?
How to subset samples from a VCF file?
How does Li and Durbin's BWA paper compare alignment programs on real data?
Counting reads for each biotype
Modifying a SAM header after removing all non-primary reads
How to write a hash function for canonical kmers?
Methodologies for CNV analysis on SNP chip data
Locate KEGG/Reactome pathways in user defined network
Parse BAM by insertion size and get genomic coordinates
Error in checkFullRank(modelMatrix) deseq2
What are the differences between "Site" and "CONECT" in a PDB file
How to find which scales are available in SeqUtil of Biopython?
Exon-exon junctions: compare experimental transcripts to reference annotation
What to do with the configuration test cell after configuring the MinION with it?
Generating burrows-wheeler-transform and a suffix array of a DNA sequence with less memory
Normalize ATAC-seq/Dnase-seq sequencing reads coverage signals over estimated background
How BWA generate index files?
Assuming that we have the following SNP and phenotype data, is the SNP significantly associated with the phenotype?
assigning different characters to present and absent genes from blast output using perl or python
How to read .bwt file .sa file?
bed file merge book-end features only if same name in column 4
Combine multiple species trees
bed file with N regions of GRCh38 reference?
I have two files: mys.nuc and ms.prep and need to use bioseq to extract the ORF sequences and save as “mys.nuc2”
Combine Fastq by writeFastq is not working properly
Human Cell Atlas - Data availability
How do programs like STRUCTURE determine populations from alignments?
NPDock - service unavailable
Why can using more reads lead to a lower quality assembly?
Alignment QC differences between HISAT2 and Qualimap
ENA minion 2D data doesn't actually have 2D data
Filter bam using SNP list in bed format with minimum mapping quality and base quality
removing indels in plink
Optimal design for an RNA-seq experiment with ERCC RNA Spike-In Control Mixes
How to filter info score post-imputation?
Why is ribosomal RNA difficult to remove even with Poly(A) selection?
Subset smaller BAM to contain several thousand rows from multiple chromosomes
5' and 3' bias in Rna-seq data
Get gene exons from UCSC browser by HGNC name
Strange per sequence GC content results
How to create artificial or dummy phenotype data
seqret: Warning: bad /protein_id value
Is it possible to merge scRNAseq data from experiments with different design?
When working with Bioconductor and the curatedOvarianData dataset, what are the unit values of the expression data?
What is the fastest way to get the reverse complement of a DNA sequence in python?
Post ipyrad filtering of SNP loci from GBS, based on SNP quality
Difference between 1D and 1D^2 data
Link to UCSC gtexGene track description page for selected gene symbol
How to make chromosome color maps for bed ranges
What are the differences between BNGL (BioNetGen Language) and SBML (System Biology Markup Langague) formats?
Can I upload only co-assemblies to ENA, using existing ENA samples?
Can I use my computer while MinION is sequencing without negatively affecting the run?
Set directory where MinKNOW writes FAST5 files
Basecalling process carried out by full_1dsq_basecaller.py/.exe
efficient counting of dinucleotides/trinucleotides on fastq reads?
Albacore wheel not supported on this platform (Mac OS X El Capitan)
What does it mean to over sample?
How to calculate the memory usage of storing kmers in RAM
How many reads has my sequencing run produced on minion?
Why would someone use a CRAM instead of a BAM?
How to fix 5'UTR annotation with RNA-seq data?
Negative binomial modeling of RNA-Seq data
Why does cutadapt remove low quality bases from the ends of reads only?
Can I index a compressed FASTA file using STAR?
How to you find read statistics for bam files with terminal mismatch?
Classification (supervised learning) of expression data on pathway level
Why is my STAR reference genome indexing aborting on my GNU/Linux server but not on my Mac OS X laptop?
Create galaxy local toolshed using Planemo
gffread: GFaSeqGet errors on coordinate overhang
Can a data file in VCF format be converted into FASTA?
coexnet package for network co-expression analysis, is looking for a filelist.txt that doesn't exist
Identifying outlier loci in R
Can I export the SNPs between whole genome alignments using the command line?
How to use C++ htslib to read VCF contig name and size?
Converting VCF file to PLINK bed/bim/fam files
Generating the reconstructed alignment from BAM
How to interpret the SMRT Link base modification algorithm output?
Aggregate sequencing/mapping/etc. metrics from cellranger across Illumina samples
aligner for 1D^2 oxford nanopore data
Can pair end reads with high heterozygosity be used to polish PacBio assembly?
Can I stop my nanopore sequencing run if there are no more reads being produced?
Does the DNA or RNA of some ethnic groups map better than others' to the human reference genome sequence?
Cannot connect to BioMart webservice in R script, how to troubleshoot connection?
Searching for protein motifs with MEME
Normalize before using adonis?
How to create a pathway knockout using the JavaScript library ESCHER?
Installing Rostlab's PredictProtein
Stranded vs. unstranded library preparation protocols in RNAseq
How to get the count of each kmer past 255 using khmer
How to QC overamplified shotgun library?
Creating frequency plot from weblogo with frequency unit on the Y axis
Syntenic gene browser
How to retrieve the yeast locus tag from uniprot via sparql?
How can I reproduce a manual NCBI search with Biopython Entrez module?
Impute phenotype under some constraints
Canu failed with 'didn't find any mers?'
Can I pilon-polish long reads with Illumina short reads to improve structural variant detection?
Extracting the CIGAR string from a BAM via Python?
seqret error when trying to transform GFF3 and FASTA files into EMBL format
Intuitive explanation of GSVA analysis
Evaluate clusters of individuals by using their sequence data
Convert bam file to highly compressible bam
Salmon output: transcripts quantified with zero reads support
While opening a Bam file with the SeqAn library I get 'seqan::FileOpenError'
simple data subsetting on r
Command not found error on HISAT2
Two variants associated with same chromosomal position in genotype data for one individual
igv_plotter error: Xvfb did not start
Changing the legend names
Is it possible to use SNP heterozygosity as a proxy for Indel heterozygosity?
Writing a perl script to holding information for two genes
How to efficiently compute the exact percentage of non-unique k-mers in a genome for given k?
Counting repeated kmers sequences that match at least x % of reads sequence
Run gffread in multi-thread mode
Using a Bash Script to search TaxIDs against NCBI's Taxonomy yields "400 Bad Request" error?
Can I use DRIMseq to model interaction effect of variables?
How to verify if the stationary states of a biological model are correct?
Digisome generation
How are positions visually indicated in the UCSC Genome Browser?
Pepsin digest (cleavage) does not work using RE?
How to create an amino acid usage table for sequences from a particular taxon? How to do this using commands on linux server?
Hierarchial PCA Clustering with duplicated row names
Extracting strand specific reads from MinION cDNA-PCR protocol
Merging regions according to their identifier
How to read gene regulatory network edge list files?
Remove/delete sequences by ID from multifasta
Are there certain alignment methods/tools which perform better with a high density of indels?
Which tools for differential expression analysis in scRNA-Seq?
LRT or LRT-like test on cyclical (Sleep) data
How can I easily get the read size distribution of reads mapping on a certain set of regions?
Convert R RNA-seq data object to a Python object
How to download gene expression data from NCBI gene database
Subset data frame by similar elements from rows and column between two data frames
How to get results from Homo.sapiens package in bioconductor for a specific reference
Books on bioinformatics algorithms
A good tool for gene locus visualization
state-of-the-art methods to obtain SNVs from circulating tumor DNA?
GOseq analysis with evidence code filter
Retrieval of genomic position by using biomaRt package
I need to use my code with fasta format. Can anybody help?
Which data format for stranded coverage data
How to convert the given mathematical computation (on biological problem) to mathematical fomula, equation?
counting individuals with the present gene and absent gene for each population
Find specific functional genes from a list?
Cufflinks Error: sort order of reads in BAMs must be the same
How does htslib/samtools access optional BAM fields?
Error while Importing fastq sequences to jMHC software
Which R package to use for differential analysis with TPM values?
How to run SIFTER stand-alone version
Estimating computing resources needed for a GWAS?
How should the popular press compare similarity of genomes?
How to identify gene expression signatures from gene expression data?
Is there a Python/R package with the ability to convert an alignment and reference into a CIGAR?
Question regarding the function pairwiseAlignment in R
Is it possible to use spike-ins with droplet technologies?
What is a poly(T) primer anchor sequence?
Information about control data
How to get unique somatic mutations for each individual patients
What's a template switching site?
Is it OK to use Blast+ to query NCBI's 16s rRNA database with 16s DNA sequences?
SNP data Download Help
Converting a BAM file into VCF
10X Illumina demultiplexing sample sheet issue
Salmon tximport
PCA on genotype matrix with multiple alleles
What is a standard approach to binarize microarray gene expression data?
tx2gene file for tximport issue
How to calculate call detection values in microarray datase if .cel file unavailable
Which software is recommended for sequencing primers selection?
DeSeqDataSet experimental design: column with integer values
Filtering bam file with bedtools intersect using strand specificity
plotMA function issue: can not circle genes
Highly variable genes analysis by DESeq2
Why do NEB adapters have non-complementary sequence?
How long does it typically take to call peaks via `phantompeakqualtools`?
How can I use UpSet plot for expression/RNA-seq data
Performing t.test to obtain p.values for each gene
What's "signal" in gene expression?
BioMart returns one more item
How can I improve ESS values for ucldMean in beast?
Hisat2 : which option should mention for strand specific library read
How to filter Ensembl cDNA and ncRNA FASTA files by primary assembly?
Program to make a haplotype network for a specific gene
Volcano plot in R
Deseq2 output issue
What could be the reason for the samples not clustering?
Regressing out unwanted sources of variation in single cell RNA-seq data
BioMart does not return a result
Generate SNP/indel annotation in Arabidopsis
How are Principal Component analyses and Admixture analyses from a genetic alignment different?
Why chose CNN for a variant caller
Mugsy error: Can't find species II dna at output/software/mugsy_x86-64-v1r2.3/mugsy line 501
Why models of stochastic gene expression predict that intrinsic noise should increase as the amount of transcript decrease
obtaining identifier from plot of sequence GC%
Is there a publicly available tumor-normal sample?
Count files using htseq-count?
well identifiers in a 1536-well mtp plate
Script to run everything in a loop for extracting tar.gz files into fastq and to bam with alignment?
running a samtools command for multiple bam files from 1000 genomes project
Select top 100 genes ranked by variance in read counts
Help Adjusting Bedtools Output in R
SAM format: Does the BAM "Integer or numeric array" field no longer exist? Why?
How can I find the chromosomal location of a list of genes?
Official documentation for textual BLAST output?
A Database for Plant Metabolome or Secondary Metabolites?
visualisation of genome alignment
Complete Genomics Junction file for SV Detection
Seurat installation fails
Protein expression units?
groupGO parameters explanation (ont and level)
clusterProfiler, groupGO: meaning of GeneRatio
Generating multiple NCBI URLs with eutils
What are negative FSC-A values in flow cytometry data?
What are phantom peaks in ChIP-seq?
Merge 2 VCFs from different variant callers
Get gene names corresponding to CPG probes
How to add data to AnnotationHub
How to predict the distance between two residues in a protein sequence
10X cellranger count, [error] The chemistry was unable to be automatically determined
What does the setSize ordering mean?
Finding new drug-protein targets/interactions using a known one as base
Will blastn remove sequences from a search with low identity?
Human SNP databases other than dbSNP
Declaring an array of strings and integers
Convert CD (cluster of differentiation) into gene symbol
Keep Format and Individual fields when annotating VCF with VEP
Samtools/bcftools calling indels in noisy reads
Finding proteins in a sequence
Is there an efficient way to check an input BAM in R?
FeaturePlot from Seurat: change its title
Hierarchical models with limma?
Off-by-one error when mapping Ensembl IDs to gene symbols
If I modify a PDB file with a specific mutation, how to minimize energy?
differentially expressed intron analysis?
tximport txidcol and geneidcol selecting wrong column
Behavior of `--reference` flag with samtools sort
GATK CombineVariants complains the contig order in the VCF files
Create gene network from list of genes
BLAST(n): No hits found
Subset on multiple genes in Seurat
Error filtering SNPs with Plink
Does the galGal5 chicken assembly have a chromosome 29?
BioMart Ensembl id imperfect retrieval
Average of logCPM
How to enlarge a section of y-axis?
How to get rid of the temp files while using "featureCounts" for extracting readcounts from bam files?
Reads mapped to exonic, intronic and intergenic regions
How to decide number of neighbors and resolution for Louvain clustering
Manually define clusters in Seurat and determine marker genes
Transform and feed data into DESeq2 with DESeqDataSetFromMatrix
What kind of analysis can be done with differential expression of transcription factors?
get gene lines from gtf file
How to add OVERLAP_BP field to VEP output?
How to validate that BAMs have been downloaded correctly?
Output of Seurat FindAllMarkers parameters
"Cleaning up" a gene heatmap in R
Expression of a gene in different groups
Demultiplexing and preprocessing for custom single-nucleus Drop-seq data
What is cellranger doing in comparison to other methods?
update dbSNP ID
A reliable fetcher of short read using SRA/ENA accession
XCMS isn't evaluating the proper peak due to retention time drift
Which are the use cases for the methods for DE in Seurat
Error in checkDataset, The given dataset: mmusculus_gene_ensembl , is not valid
How to find correlation between two specific genes in same dataset?
Compute copy number from cases and controls
Number of reference sequences in a SAM file
Resolution parameter in Seurat's FindClusters function for larger cell numbers
Likelihood Ratio Test in DEseq2
Protein sequence from patient data
Is there a standard definition for "assembly polishing"?
Is there a way to do GWAS on phenotype data that is not normally distributed?
NCBI xml-format Printing nodeValues from tags with the same names
What process and input data is required for a cellranger reference transcriptome?
verifybamid results with freemix < 2% and chipmix > 10%
Automating download of results of Drug and Drug Target Mapping
bcftools consensus not working when using -H flag
Viral Load and Antiretroviral Therapy Dataset
how to do analysis of a table content SNP?
Transform a R data.frame into a krona plot without krona tools?
How to compare the contents of a column of the same data table
Why isn't there a standard method to convert GFA to JSON?
GFF file too big to load into R
single stranded cDNA vs double-stranded cDNA
Plotting gene models - alternatives to ggbio
Biopython Phylogenetic Tree replace branch tip labels by sequence logos
Error creating indices using STAR
Pathway level analysis of single-cell gene expression
tool for the prediction of impact of mutations on protein localization
Smallest group size for differential expression in limma (bulk RNA-Seq)
How can I get a list of papers where a particular mutation has been mentioned?
Retrieving gene matrix from internet in GSEA desktop
How to split bedfile into non-overlapping regions and compute aggregation function on duplicate segments
Raw vs Filtered in the output of cellranger count
How to apply function on bedfile based on a reference bedfile
RunUMAP in Seurat not working: module 'umap' has no attribute 'UMAP'
Why Ti/Tv ratio?
Can I run STAR without an annotation file?
How to extract the protein fasta file from a genbank file?
Specific cell type identification in Single Cell Sequencing
How to create a nexus file for BEAST?
Problems in creating desired phylogenetic tree with ggtree
Why aren't clustal alignments stable under deletion of some of the sequences?
Motif Discovery in Bipartite networks using Cytoscape
Interpreting bayesian phylogenetic model using Tracer?
Difference between copy number neutral reads and active reads
How do I find a list of PDB structures bound to a peptide inhibitor or peptide-like inhibitor?
How to download SNP data from specific regions, population and positions?
Network comparison of single cells (from sequencing data)
Different results between paired t-test, paired t-test-like (empirical Bayesian), and mixed effect model
How to subset a GRanges via an argument passed into a function?
Expand granges object different amounts upstream vs. downstream
Preparing data for UpSet Plot in R
Blueprint replicates
How to use variables while calling pybedtools
HIVdb program and FASTA sequence input
How to filter for "CAF=0.5747,0.4253"
KEGG FTP vs KEGG API
How to search a specific sequence in BAM files for 10X experiment
Generating random BED intervals given constraints
Viral Metagenomics
Statistical approach to compare the SNP genotyping data among set of individuals
Label protein strucuture residues in Chimera
How to create a SAF file for virus sequence?
Is there any tools that can generating FBA model from genome sequences or proteome sequences?
Determining position of side chain hydrogen in glycine residues from coordinates of backbone atoms
Issues installing Dendropy
Use of heterozygous SNPs in cancer research: why?
Disk space error while aligning reads using STAR
Test to determine if two genes/exons share the same evolutionary histories?
Macs2 peak calling?
Issues performing variant calling with GATK
Seurat CCA, AlignSubspace, Argument dist.method is only useful with multivariate timeseries
Using R to import specific records from a PDB file
What is "Possible polymerase run-on fragment"?
What does an output of -I for all amino acids mean in a psi-blast pssm matrix file?
Tumor sample and heterozygous SNVs: what is the genotype of the normal cells?
Normalize by counting CNV within a pool of VCF files
How to interpret a PSSM matrix from PSI-Blast - what do the numbers represent?
Mapping a list of cells in seurat featureplot
Running python script from terminal: umap issue
Problem installing last build of Sniffles
Finding parameters to separate 2 genes
Can you query the RCSB PDB API with a ligand and return the IDs of all entries in which it appears as a free ligand?
determine if ChIP-seq peaks are broad or narrow
How can I determine a mean sequence divergence for 10k sequences?
CNSeg no method coercing S4 class to vector
Public access to genomics databases
Violinplot of gene expression
Spearman correlation for large dataset
Can I ask DESeq2 which variable alone explains which gene's behavior the best?
Better aligner than bowtie2?
How do I estimate branch length of a maximum parsimony phylogeny in R?
Is it possible to identify cells that are expressing two or more genes in Seurat?
Download proteomes from NCBI based only on binomial names
The slopes of gene networks
Why does `pratchet()` in `phangorn` not find the most parsimonious trees?
Input normalization in ChIP-seq
Is there a database of protein sequences/structure along with their melting temperature?
Detecting differentially expressed genes with foldchange >= 2 and FDR < 0.05
Is removing samples based on clustering for downstream analysis a right choice?
Where can I find the DNA sequence of the C. elegans rRNA cluster?
Do any computational phylogenetic methods enable the specification of ancestral states?
Multiway intersection of 8 lists of genes
How do I rename fasta headers?
Correct way to assemble reference transcriptome - what's --samples_file option in Trinity?
Why do NEBNext indexing primers have sequence between the p5 oligo and index?
What are some good sources of 3rd order gene expression data
How to calculate logCPM across all samples?
Which data is being used for violin plot?
Human Genome Alignment and Variant Calling Benchmarks
Ordering the cells by the expression of specific genes
How to superimpose barplots in karyotype graphic using the chromPlot Bioconductor package?
How to concatenate FASTAs with respect to chromosome?
Relationship between sequencing lane and ngs dataset
Annotating splice junctions from tophat/STAR output
Error in seq.default in chromPlot
Meaning of the FORMAT fields of the VCF file coming from GIAB project
How to download dbSNP database?
How to convert files to ADAM format?
How do I create a for loop to filter through different FDR values?
Find the date that sequencing was performed
Genotyping with Illumina HumanOmni1-Quad before whole genome sequencing
High Phred Quality score VCF file
Retrieving NCBI Taxa IDs from refseq or GenBank assembly accession
Reduce number of transcripts in a highly variable de novo transcriptome assembly
Negative scale-free topology
Calculating L2 norm (Euclidean norm) to set of genes in time series
No counts for added gene in cellranger (scRNA-seq)
Why is FPKM still used for gene expression studies?
Which secondary structure prediction algorithms don't query the PDB/DSSP for known homologous sequences?
Any input as to what to study in order to work into genetic engineering from math background?
Batch detection of CRISP proteins in fasta file
Correcting for noise in RT-qPCR gene expression data
Is there a way to tell which chromosome a gene is on, by looking at the "Chromosome/scaffold name"
Increase number of threads for GATK 4.0 HaplotypeCaller
Difference between samtools mark duplicates and samtools remove duplicates?
GRCm37-designed exon target enrichment, which reference to use?
No variant found using GATK 4.0 HaplotypeCaller
plotting two heatmaps with the same order of genes
Meaning of category in MutSigCV
Find paralogs in a draft genome
Variability in genes across platforms
pysam pileup: what reads appear in the pileup?
tRNAscan-SE error: FATAL: Unable to find /usr/local/bin/cmsearch executable
finding RNA-protein physical interaction
gene-level versus transcript-level analysis
Associating SNP and GENE
What is tRNAscan-SE bit score?
How many reads do I need to cover the entire genome?
Where to download baseline/average gene expression level of all human coding genes?
RNA seq fasta file annotation from alignment to reference matches
Selection of differential expressed genes
Merge / Reconciliate several de novo transcriptome assemblies with different kmers
Bioinformatics approach to dentifing potential PCR primer sequences for transcribed gene
TRAL does not find "Phobos result file"
GMAJ error: Exception in thread "main" java.lang.ClassCastException: java.lang.StringBuffer cannot be cast to java.lang.String
psipred instalation
Odds ratio calculations in GWAS paper
size of the pathways for analysis and filtration
What is the most efficient method to identify a protein that has undergone post-translational modifications by an enzyme?
What is the current state-of-the-art in assembling hybrid transcriptomes?
Convert Cotton Probe ID to Gene Symbol
Effect of mutation in DNA sequence on transcription factor binding sites
Merging ssu-align alignments
How to run MaxQuant in command line mode?
Using sickle for quality trimming
Simplest way to work out structural variant type?
Get Gene Expression Matrix from GEOquery
rJava issue when trying to use ATACseq pipeline
Supplying adapter sequences for ATACseq pipeline
Genome scaffolding
Plot to show the expression of genes between tumor and normal
Making two heat maps more similar
Detect gene duplication events from a whole genome in FASTA format
How to merge transcript sequence with same name in a FASTA file.
Plotting Ramachandran Plot from more than one PDB file
Find Dataset of human genes in GEO datasets
biological fluorescence supervised machine learing
Comparing two files with overlapping regions and get their associated information
How to visualize genome track of gene in specific cell-lines?
Annotation with Prokka or RAST.
Variants in Exome that affect miRNAs related to Schizophrenia
ATACseq pipeline report generation issue
How to scale the size of heat map and row names font size?
How to interpret PCA output statistically and biologically?
Which is the amino acids classification when analyzing the solvent accessibility of a protein?
estimate genome size: kmer-based approach from PacBio reads
How to calculate Moreau-Broto autocorrelation, Moran autocorrelation, Geary autocorrelation from protein (amino acid) sequences?
Change sample names while using cummeRbund
To find p-value of compounds (pairwise)
How to get all chemical compounds that interact with a given protein target?
How is PCR duplication rate computed in scATAC-seq?
Deciding which samples go in which batch
Alignment using secondary and tertiary features of DNA
STAR Indexing Diference for Small and Large Genome File Output
GDC data portal cancer subtype
Batch Effects in RNA Seq Sample
How to efficiently extract coordinates from a `pybedtools.Interval`?
A basic question about phylogenetic inference with Bayes-MCMC
Omics data: How to interpret heatmap and dendrogram output?
How to uninstall hmmpress from my conda environment?
Best practices for deciding if two structural variants are actually the same variant?
case/control phenotype prediction - population stratification with R
The algorithm behind makeblastdb?
How to make year scale bar unit in figtree software?
Should PCA be standardized for gene expression?
How to assess the quality of assembled .fasta genome files?
Python API for working with ENSEMBL genomes
How to force pilon to correct a reference with low coverage mapped reads?
Generating list of known fusions for Arriba from COSMIC
Quality checking benchmarks for clustering
Using pysam with cython: htslib/kstring.h not found
RATT works on example bacterial sequence and other bacterial genome but not on C. elegans genome and annotation
Can I create a CRAM file with a relative reference path?
How do I filter a GFF file by gene type?
Installing a R package from git
Are gene names same across species?
Hemoglobin subunits genes in scRNA-seq
How I can reproduce this heat map
Where to get '--fldMean' and '--fldSD' for single-end Salmon run
Sampling haplotypes
Changing the colour of each cell in tSNE plot
Reproducing GTEx transcriptome analysis
Interpretation of the violin plots from sc-RNA-seq
Find a map/correspondence between two versions of a genome
Genebank Submission
How to generate Genbank format out of paired end fastq data?
RCurl issue when installing SCnorm
Parsing gene expression value for a list of genes from GEO
Path to career in bioinformatics?
Filtering the expression values of a gene from GEO
RNA-Seq type and and optimal fusion detection
SC-RNA seq percent.mito
DiffBind: Model must include count data for contrasts.
Glocal\semi-local\Hybride Globale-Local alignment with Python
How to plot circular chromosomes with Gviz?
Comparing the gene expression data
fuse fastq files with multiple records
RNA-Seq: clustering/treatment of genes with low expression
Minimap2 -ax map-pb doesn't output tlen field
how to filter out cell after doing QC
Combine VCF files
Visualize PLINK pedigree files
Create an S4 object
Stand alone chaining tool for existing blast hits?
How to map reads shorter than 32bp with minimap2?
Do people today with a disease caused by single gene mutation that is inheritable - all share a common ancestor?
Calculating read average length in a Fastq file with bioawk/awk
Efficiently aligning a lot of reads on the same small reference sequence
how to legend the feature plot and do.hover in the same time
At what stage of a transcriptome assembly is it better to perform read contaminant filter?
Why DoHeatmap Does not show all genes in genes.use?
Why is cell count stated relative to animal size?
How many reads do I need for hybrid assembly
How I can test my hypothesises computationally
Using HOMER for differential ATACseq analysis
Get results of keyword search on Pfam via python script
A strange error while clustering of single cell RNA-seq using URD package
Are these standard species abbreviations and how to look up others?
Finding gene length using ensembl ID
Fitting a principal curve into a diffusion map
Counting letters in phylip alignment columns with Biopython
Getting all NNI trees of a parsimony tree
Rescoring For Docking Poses
Get a list of PDB ids from a list of sequence protein number?
Gathering data on bacterial oganism growth conditions
VlnPlot problem
Convert TPM-normalized matrices back to UMI in python
Check if a string is ensembl gene id or not in python
ValidateCluster function in Seurat
Finding gene name from human genome using SP1 transcrition factor binding site from Postion Weight Matrix
Finding URL for UCSC data hub
How to automate NCBI genome download
Running SnakeMake on cluster
bioawk removed part of FASTQ header
Counting the characters in a row using python
Output file names are not known beforehand
Best data repository to publish a large 'plotly' table containing all annotations on a transcriptome?
How is prior.count used by edgeR's cpm
How to map short sequences to long reads, recovering all multiply-mapped high-quality matches
Article GEO gives counts that are not integers. Should UMI counts be integers?
Get genomic coordinates using GenomicFeatures by HGNC gene names
How to iterate protein sequences using amino acids?
Genomic coordinates of predicted binding pocket
filter out FASTQ reads which are shorter
Finding transposable elements using RepeatMasker
How to combine multiple kernels of large sample datasets?
python package for NNI neighbors
Non-redundant set of indices for AAindex?
Making a plot cleaner
Visualize network (graph) using "line" layout
Aligning sequence and comparing it against primer
Sequence alignment using Markov Model
Curl error when installing Bioconductor packages with Microsoft R Open 3.5.0
What is the correct way of dealing with the analysis of data from flow cytometry?
Error in annotating row names as data points in a PCA plot
dog coordinates (canFam3) to human coordinates (hg19)
Reproducing population structure from 1000 Genomes Data
AttributeError: module 'scater' has no attribute 'normalize'
K mean clustering issue
Why is Clostridium difficile toxin A + B outdated in snomed?
using SNPs to identify mixed samples
How to get the product of a CDS
How to correctly parallelise RSeQC scripts with GNU parallel?
Find a cutoff value for genes that are expressed in single cell RNA-seq?
Extract certain fields using from GenBank file using Bash script
Question: UCSC hub: autoscale option for multiwig track
How to run proteowizzard on linux using wine?
What does "ALT+ cancer cells", the plus sign mean?
Fastqc- Per Base Sequence Quality
How to format the Nexus file to create geographical maps with haplotypes in PopArt?
Random addition method for phylogenetic tree reconstruction
Boxplot of kmean cluster
How to query the Human Microbiome Project (HMP) to find all subjects with both 16s and WGS workups?
Convert SRA to FastA
Multiple files for case in GDC data portal
DESeq2 complicated design - effect of replicated samples
Using Broad Institute RNAseq pipeline
Understanding SNP coding for association analysis
How to extract Genbank sequence and identify ORFs from the sequence in R?
Downloading full search results from BlastKOALA?
What is the correct way to map Hi-C data with bwa mem?
How can the Autocovariances, autocorrelations, and autocorrelation coefficients be calculated from a Protein Amino Acid Sequence?
RNA velocity: competing explanations for variable ratio of spliced to unspliced transcript
GATK documentation for required depth to reliably call heterozygous mutation in diploid organism?
Seurat with normalized count matrix?
How do population genetics people define a population?
What information can be extracted from this GEO file name?
TagReadWithGene missing when using latest version of Drop-seq_tools
Histosketch vs Count-Min sketch: preserving similarity
Check if a set of genes fall more on a specific cluster than other clusters
What is and how to detect a dephased read
Source for whole genome comparisons at NCBI Genomes
How to detect mismatch before mapping in RNA-Seq data
The visualisation of a list of genes on URD object
How to achieve blast results according to the intuitive interpretation of `-max_target_seqs`?
Reference genome for allele specific expression
Block wise protein imputation
Calculating bit score: How do you find lambda and K?
Circos plot issue
Spearman correlation between two genes
Low percentage of reads with consistent barcodes in Split-Seq run
What does it mean for an amino acid to match with itself 99% of the time in a PAM1 matrix?
Seurat Merged objects tSNE - How to paint on original IDs?
Simulating DNA sequence evolution in R
Extracting sequences from FASTA beginning with common 5' end
IonTorrent variant caller failing, lack of ZM: tags in BAM files
How can I read multiple different regions from a BAM file?
Seurat for clustering bulk RNA-seq?
Transcript Coordinate Ranges to Genomic Coordinates
chromPlot R package: remove scales
Compare clusters from different datasets
How to plot character state changes from a presence-absence matrix on to a phylogeny
What is the index fastq file (sample_I*.fastq.gz) generated when demultiplexing Illumina paired-end runs?
Why are my Chi-squared test results different from those in a published table?
How do I rewrite a read group using pysam?
Why are there more barcodes than GEMs in 10X chromium data?
finding unique headers in a fasta file using linux command line
convert tRNA coordinates Result to Fasta format
Tool to remove a PCR contamination in NGS data
Tool to show DNA sequence and allowing upload of own graph data
How to input data for DESeq2 from individual HTSeq count?
Machine learning using protein-sequences
Generating basic dna sequences in R
Store contigs and genome substrings based on mismatches
Error while performing "lift-over" of genomic coordinates between two species using Ensembl Compara API
What is a site in a phylogenetic tree?
vcftools: indel size histogram command returns empty file
How to assign the best gap penalty and gap extension penalty using BLOSUM65
How to calculate AUC in coverage graph
Script to allow gene set enrichment analysis of 10x genomics data in R
How to calculate Gene Ontology terms in python
Does read sequence identifier need to be unique for proper alignment?
Converting Gene Symbol to Ensembl ID in R
What are "split reads" and "intron clusters?"
Searching for start and stop codons for protein sequencing of contigs
How to convert featureCounts to FPKM?
Receptor-ligand database
featureCounts segmentation fault on Arch Linux
about dotplot legend meaning
Mutation detection using Varscan2 on RNA sequencing for estimating tumour clones with pyclone or other package
How to simulate nanopore reads?
What are some of the major questions pursued by the field bioinformatics?
Does anyone have older versions of NT and 16s RNA DB from NCBI?
Details of ENCODE processing pipelines
Using external list of PCs for clustering
RSVSim insertions from chr1 to chr2
Is there an R package that computes homoplasy excess ratios (HER)?
How to interpret duplication from MultiQC/FastQC?
Comparing between different set of clusters produced from the same network
In calculating the retention index, why do we use the character state with the lowest frequency?
How to create a dendrogram of clusters and reconstruct phylogenetic relationship
Sequence alignment using BWT
How to deal with duplicate genes having different expression values?
Bioconductor, how to retrieve the genes from a GEO gene expression dataset?
How to transform a DNAStringSet from the Bioconductor package Biostrings to a data frame?
Error in quantile.default(x, p = p) in EgdeR calcNormFactors
Bash scripting FastQC for multiple fastq files in multiple directories
Simulating 3' end tag-based scRNA-seq reads
What i5 index should I use on the Illumina sample sheet for an unindexed p5 primer?
How to align output of grep --color=always? (To QC fasta/fastq files)
Fast filtering of intervals not falling within a certain distance from known genes
API/website for blasting peptide sequence against database of all plant proteomes
cDNA and alignment mapping
How to use FastQTL with LeafCutter?
peakranger bcp segmentation fault
Python module bamtags
Where can I find hemagglutination inhibition (HI) assay data?
Colinearity analysis with respect to gene orientation
3D PCA group labelling
Changing a wide range of colours to a limited gradient
How to get the corrected matrix after SVA batch effect correction
Delete all 4 lines of a fastq read from a fastq file using read ID
Total reads aligning to each reference within a bam file
Using Beagle 4.1 for phasing and IBD - chromosomes
GO Term heatmap plot in terms of P value or fold enrichment
Gene not found in Affymetrix expression profiles
What is the minimum number of individuals per group required for ADMIXTURE analysis?
Is there a tool that converts fastq to fast5?
How are the values of prop.part() and prop.clades() calculated?
Error given while trying to index a BAM file with Samtools Index - NO COOR?
Fastest way to demultiplex bam file based on field
Codon usage analysis for whole genomes
levels of factors in the design have non-unique level names after make.names() is applied
Mapping RefSeq-ID or NCBI-ID (Entrez-ID) to EC number
What is the most compact data structure for canonical k-mers with the fastest lookup time?
Problem with SPAdes installation - no bin folder
Integrative analysis of omics studies using machine learning
How to convert Bed file to fasta file?
List of human transcription factors
Build a Pubmed query given long gene list
Collapse cell barcodes distribution within 1 Hamming distance
Replace lowercase characters with -
How do I interpret my phylogenetic tree construction from Glucosidases in the Actinobacteria class?
Why does repeatmasker annotate transposons of length 1?
Using ONT MinION, why is that we cannot get a full length DNA read?
From bedtools "genomecov" back to .bed
Visual representation of detecting deletion by different read types
What does that mean if there is no bifurcations in my time series single cell data?
Group genes by functional categories suming expression values
Error correction within the long read
Retrieve all genes for a specific gene ontology
How to convert data in gmt format to dataframe?
Multiple correlation with R
Accessing UCSC genome via ssh results in a validation error
How to get PSSM of protein by protein sequence with python?
different results coming from biomart online and biomaRt R library
scoring matrices computation from transition probability matrix
ScaleData() from Seurat causes crash on RStudio Cloud
hgsql not found when running a script despite being accessible on command-line
Continuing analysis based on a log-likelihood ratio? (Comparing methylation between two PoolSeq phenotypes)
In Uniprot how do I know which variants are mutations and which are polymorphic?
E.coli Sequencing & Analysis
Double-counting coverage of overlapped read pairs
Problem: "Pair-end" reads scRNA seq data (Drop-seq)
Can I get the graph generated by cellranger
What is "block-compressed" file in samtools?
Using Seurat to compare mutant vs.wt
How to create a .bed file from .fasta?
Compare two networks of the same genes between two species
Error compiling HMMER v3.2.1
How to paste RSIDs in CADD output
Is there a read mapper that allows input in SAM format instead of FASTA/FASTQ?
Sequencing Deciduous Plants
Downloading multiple SRA files from several SRA accession IDs does not work
Calculating alignment/mapping time
Why is the total read number still more than the paired in sequencing after removing the duplicate in samtools flagstat output?
Exporting nt's differences from MEGA alignment
How to select point mutations from MAF file
Finding orthologues using BLAST on the NCBI database
ANY (technical) reason behind submitting sequences to GenBank versus ENA Sequence
calling diploid SNVs from long reads
full visualisation of draft genomes alignment
What are fundamentals to work on bioinformatic data analysis ?
Question about the dots on Quartile groups in boxplot
What is the "primer masterfile" format?
Simulate and test CNV workflow?
Reconstruct a protein's 3D structure from a pair-wise distance matrix
Does the ".full.aln" file produced by snippy-core contain all bases of my input sequences aligned to the reference genome?
bedtools single-nucleotide coverage in BED-specified regions for multiple BAMs
Score predefined ChIP-seq peaks with MACS2 or equivalent
Fast and reliable alternatives to blast
What is a simple command line tool for doing Needleman-Wunsch pair-wise alignment on the command line
Finding the conserved region of protein in a given set of Kingdom
Difference between genometools installed with anaconda vs apt-get?
What is mate rescue in bwa mem?
how to filter a multi-VCF for sex-specific genotypes?
How to plot gene mutation frequencey in terms of percnatge alteration in samples?
What are 2D reads in the Oxford MinIon?
DESeqDataSetFromTximport invalid rownames length
How should I address batch effects in my experiment?
How to separate a microbial strain of MTB resistant and susceptible drugwise?
How transcription factor influence gene expression?
What is outliers and how to determine outliers in the following phylogenetic tree?
Install DESeq2 through anaconda
What is Allelic Imbalance
Python scripting with ete3 to query NCBI's Taxonomy: "sqlite3 Warning (can only execute one statement at a time)"
Creating a computational table to show the number of available genes between all possible pairs of combinations in eight gene lists
Why the t-test for a specific gene shows different value compared to differential analysis?
Can't install newest Blast from Conda
How to create a graph of multi column gene dataset?
Subset data frame based on ID
multiple COSMIC id for the same mutation
bcftools filtering all files in a directory
Question about research in bioinformatics for Computer Science student
What does an FDR value of 1 in RNA-seq mean?
De novo motif discovery in protein sequences
How to find genomic overlaps faster?
Linking of MeSH terms and genes
Bash script error at paste command
How to output all sequences with bwa mem, not `*`?
Real time transcript profiles
How to get the longest fasta sequence including all possible switching isoforms of a gene out of isoforms
ncbi...eutils/esearch.fcgi: How to search now in the snp database?
Parsing gtf file for transcript ID and transcript name
Understanding the initialization of the Needleman-Wunsch algorithm
SingleCellExperiment: invalid rownames length
Extracting all reads from bam file which match read IDs in another file
MrBayes runs as single-core, but hangs when multi-core
How do I interpret the function O(f^-2 log n) in Shekhar et al. (2017)?
How to count the number of mapped read in 100-bp window from a BAM/SAM file
Snakemake and SLURM -unable to use it with with --cluster
Rdkit.Chem.Draw.savefig() creates empty figures
How to remove frame on RDKit figures?
R package grur: missing_visualization() fails during redundancy analysis of .vcf
Importing GFF file with Biopython
How BLOSUM Matrix is constructed and calculated
Derive a GTF containing protein coding genes from a GTF file with Exons and CDS
What should I use as a reference file for clumping?
Snakemake: Cannot find first rule?
Genomics: Downloading genomic data from the NCBI Genbank database
How to plot p-values in a circular barplot?
How to find all variable-length seqs with an exact 5' and 3' match in a FASTA file
How to link GDC ids to CCLE cell line names?
How to run same command on multiple files?
Bismark report before and after Cytosine Methylation Extraction
How to plot a 2D RNA structure in python using dot-bracket input?
Mapping Reads to Known Gene Paralogs with Long Read Technology
How can I identify a recessive and dominant gene?
mrbayes, Sumt ; Error when setting parameter "Filename" (1)
Why is a PacBio read length larger than the aligned reference region?
Why are TPMs per 10k or 100k in many scRNA-seq studies?
Cicros plot issue using two data track
scRNA-seq, 10x cellranger pipelines
Identifying Indels from Chromatograms
Truncating branch length values of Phylogenetic tree with biopython
corrplot issue with correlation plot output
Are there free cloud computing platforms for biology projects?
Database of Cell Volumes by Cell Ontology?
Extracting genes from corrplot and adding labels based on high and low corelation
PCA plot shows big difference but not many differentially expressed genes are found
scRNA-seq,10x cellranger pipelines,low custom tdtomato gene content! looking for help！
Is there a way to import tables in PubMed Central to MySQL or other Relational databases?
Visualize similar interactions in two homologous networks
Multiple sequence pairwise global alignment against reference sequence
python does not quit when the input file is too big
How can I extract the longest N isoforms per gene from a fasta file?
Control width of samtools tview "snapshot" when redirecting
Multithread fastq processing with kseq.h in C++11?
How to export web NCBI tBLASTn results in table format with many queries?
Why does this human bam file only have one copy of each chromosome?
How to get bootstrap support of phylogenetic tree?
How to obtain amino acid context at a given position
Question on nanopore sequencing data process pipeline (cDNA-PCR)
R package CMD check errors
Does Prokka do six-frame translations?
How to normalise scRNASeq data for differential expression analysis
Separate boxplots for multiple violin plot
Kruskal-Wallis rank sum test output confusion
sva for RNA-Seq data without known phenotype
Experimental Design for Differential expreression analysis
Proof of Breakpoint Reversal Sorting Approximation Algorithm
Can blat use more than one core/CPU to speed up the alignment?
How can I install bioconductor-gviz and use it in jupyter notebook?
Circos plot with mutation data
Using multidimensional scaling to visualize protein sequences by functionality
Genomics Statistics Problem
R package installation in r studio
convert supplementary reads to primary in sam or bam
Extracting genes differentially expressed by Wilcox test
Making a model of gene contribution in cancer diagnosis
"Sequence Duplication Levels" module still fails after pre-processing Illumina data
how to write italic script in Rstudio
Highly heterozygous reads mapping
making my own population allele frequency table for input to IADMIX from Gnomad data (population admixture)?
amplicon sequencing set up
Drug with as many targets as possible through a system biology graph?
How to plot genomic.fna fasta file in R using Gviz?
Ploting FDR along with the pathway as heatmap any simple way
Changing this function to work
Complexheatmap update issue
How to analyze and visualize CRISPR-CAS9 screening results?
'Wildcards' object has no attribute 'sample'
log rank p value interpretation from gepia 2
Visualising gene expression across cell type and conditions in one plot, in Single Cell Sequencing data
Removing genes with less than a correlation cut-off between two matrices
SNP vs Point Mutation
Several models identify different which genes are significant
How is consensus alignment for OLC assembly usually implemented?
GWAS Retrieve Target Sample from a whole set of samples and PRS in PRSice tool
What is a sensible forcefield choice for membrane proteins when using PDB2PQR?
Calculating Z-score from logCPM values using edgeR
Sort vcf by contig and position within contig
Non-random access on a fastq file
group samples based on shared mutations in a single multi samples vcf file
Prediction of prokaryotic origins of replication (ORI)
Circos plot with circlize
How to set the position of groups in a Seurat object on a FeatureHeatmap plot
Extracting some part of a list
How do you query and explore ENCODE data?
How do I re-name the headers of my Fasta file?
Parallel in PLINK for linear association for SNP effects
How do I prevent the FeatureHeatmap function from the Seurat package, from sorting my data groups in alphabetical order when plotting data?
Calculate molecular mass from chemical formula C9H15N4O8P (e.g.) with rdkit?
structural variants: why doesn't AS + AP = SU?
Albacore basecalling running but outputs 0 reads
How to check if indels in VCF files are left or right aligned?
data storage requirements for RNA-seq and WGS
scRNA-seq differential transcript usage
How to quantile normalization on RNA seq counts
Can a gff file be converted to a fasta file?
What does liability mean in GWAS heritability?
Database for proteome-wide predictions of protein structures
How to generate mgf files from Orbitrap generated MS2 proteomics raw files?
How to install genometools with anaconda?
How to export peptide-shaker data from commandline?
Output the linear predictor from a stratified cox model?
Plotting coverage of annotation over collection of region
BPGA - functional analysis
Which software is used to run Molecular Dynamics simulation of a small RNA hairpin?
Output from vcftools missingness
Pathway plot in GeneTrail data base
Iupred definition of long/short form disorder
Restricting match output for multiple sequence alignment using mafft?
How I know which gene is a good predictor in this neural network or not?
How to correctly call a VCF file using damaged DNA? (IonTorrent & FFPE)
How to score how densely bases are distributed along a given oligo?
Gene Ranking - signal to noise ratio used in GSEA-P algorithm?
Why Illumina if PacBio provides longer and better reads?
Python string editing in Snakemake
Running Snakemake in one single conda env
Number of recombination events from GWAS data per person
Seeking explanation of the hg38 files downloaded from bowtie 2 website
Building RNAz on MacOS
How to model the effect of acid/base on pH
Hardware Requirements (specs) for Bioinformatics-dedicated desktop
How can I interpret gene expression data from Bioconductor packages?
Perfect Phylogeny vs Maximum parsimony
Error in installing Vep
wget for links inside html pages
Parallel version of cn.mops' bamDataRanges
Calculate the percentage of each unique phylogenetic tree in a BEAST output
General framework for fusing biological networks
Save output to a specific folder and/or with a specific prefix in Cancer Genomics Cloud
Percentage distribution of cells in all clusters based on their treatment condition?
Recommendation for a binary dataset for Computational Biology open access (as in a dataset with 1 and 0 that can be used to apply ML techniques?
Extracting modules from corelation and then module clustering
RNA-seq gene/transcript read counts database for Mouse
Python - Finding a motif - input: a txt file with 10 sequences and 10 motifs
Why do I get so many insertions from Minimap2 on my Nanopore WGS?
Calculate average parental genotype
Question about Co-expression analysis and finding targets for lncRNAs
RSeQC provided bedfile does not work with read_distribution.py
Selecting 65000 SNPs where AF is close to 0.5 in all or most populations
Get & Annotation of isomiR (isoform of miRNA) profile from RNA-seq
What is Feature Barcoding technology?
Installing DESeq2 in Ubuntu
UniProt flat file. Interpreting format of SUBCELLULAR LOCATION. What does flag mean?
Getting the licenses of all conda installed packages
Error in as.vector(x) : no method for coercing this S4 class to a vector
How can I get plant Genome size, total number of genes, EST, and chromosomes number
Using preprocessing/alignment functions on the server
How to quantify similarity of genomes and find differences in set of S aureus genomes?
Error in PSI-BLAST when running psipred locally
How to create Phylogenetic Trees from fasta files in Python or R?
Targeted NGS, up to 99% of reads have been marked as duplicates
Retrieve RNA sequencing data for human p53 colon cancer cell lines
How can I obtain the percentage gene expression per identity class in Seurat as further processible numbers (e.g. matrix)?
How to extract metadata from NCBI's short read archive (SRA) for a few runs?
wtdbg2: practical implications of k-mer fsize and psize choice
Common Mouse and human DEG analysis
How to do protein quantification with Peptideshaker output (TMT labeled, MS2)?
Randomness in BLAST
Questions regarding Nanopore sequencing analysis
R studio failed to install the latest development version of hdf5r from Github (win10)
failed to install hdf5r
How to get fasta alignment file from SAM/BAM file?
How to cluster the human genes by pathways/system-biology/metabolic properties?
Chunk alignment in a name sorted bam for parallel processing
Finding the members in a confusion matrix
Which gene I should select from this qqplot
How do I perform a pathway related grouping of genes?
Determining Read Groups
Alignment with arbitrary number of mismatches or gaps
how to obtain only one cluster's data (.csv file) in Seurat
Strategies to disentangle the effect of two genes on phenotype
Help interpreting my phylogenetic tree construction of bacterial species in same genus
Combat for multiplatform batch correction
GEOquery errors due to list input
Where to Download Cancer Raw Reads (fastq)?
Error in adding data in columns of R data frame
picard CollectSequencingArtifactMetrics
Purpose of ### (3 consecutive pound signs / hashtags / octothorps) in GFF3
Making a bed file for RSeQC
BAM to gene expression matrix (UMI counts per gene per cell),10X
Identify non-coding regions from a genome annotation
Separation of mixed plasmid DNA sequences post whole-plasmid sequencing
Are duplicate variants against the VCF standard?
Mutation annotation to the heatmap
awk for motif splicing from an amino acid alignment
P21 mutant Colon Cancer cell lines (RNA SEQ)
CollectHsMetrics base coverage output has overlapping targets
Why can I not install snakemake on my SLURM computer even though I can find it in the bioconda channel?
Are there any Genome in a Bottle-like resources for non-humans (especially for invertebrates)?
Aligning nucleotide sequences in APE software
how to obtain GRCh38 bed and symbol files for HOCOMOCOv11
programmatic secondary structure prediction for >36-mer DNA oligonucleotides
How can I remove (non-trivial) duplicates from a VCF file?
scRNASeq expression matrix with decimal values
Plink 1.9 --merge-list changing order of fam file
What Ensembl genome version of wheat should I use for alignments?
Why does my SplitDotPlotGG plot show differential expression of a gene but Seurat::FindMarkers() function does not return it?
Demultiplex nanopore reads with custom barcodes
Normalization for two bulk RNA-Seq samples to enable reliable fold-change estimation between genes
Why are the clusters in the left side of a tSNE plot and not in the centre?
Why does a missing label 11plex TMT shows up at almost 50% intensity compared to other labels?
GBS: clustering of PCoA axes with R package mclust to describe identity by missingness
Understanding PCHeatmap outputs
Is nanopolish worth it since faster polishing software is available?
Repetition-free Longest Common Subsequence as similarity measure
I have 23andme text files and would like to convert to SAM/BAM format
Getting genes specially up or down regulated
Where can I find .cdf files for Affymetrix ChIP-chip data analysis?
Unable to install bedtools on windows 10 ubuntu
A well defined, prokaryotic, TMT labeled dataset for testing and development?
Significance and timing of "mux scans"
Empty .result in MirDeep Star
how to write the script to know each sample's cluster number?
Affymetrix tags (same ID's) present in different places of the genome
GTF from consensus sequence
Can MSstatsTMT be used for both MS2 and MS3 runs?
Discordance in gene signature behavior between bulk and single-cell RNASeq
Mix globbing and wildcards when specifying rule input
How to use analysis output in my pipeline
bedtools: get name column of alignment file A
I need some tips and suggestions for further analysis of NGS expression data (log2cpm)
Error while loading a big file with Cytoscape
cn.MOPS fails with 'missing value where TRUE/FALSE needed'
lower mapping rates in salmon v0.13 compared to previous versions
Error in formation of correlation matrix-(corrupt matrix -- dims not not match length)
Getting data from fastq by generator
Assembly by stringtie
bedtools unable to open file despite being tab-delimited
What is the purpose of 'Folder locations' in MaxQuant?
maf file format: Variant_Classification value for non frameshift substitution
HISAT2 - are all multi mapped reads reported by default?
Is there a resource where I can donwload E. coli assemblies grouped by their pathotypes?
Is there a risk in inference of structural variations using mate-pairs?
Permanent error with picard
How can I assign a genomic region into a window using R?
Geneland R + Fortran error?
Does UCSC definition for telomere making sense?
How to interpret fish plot in R
Including Picard tool in galaxy
How can I specify an email address in the SLURM snakemake json configuration file?
Tools for quality trimming at 5 prime?
Running htseq-count over BAM files
Searching tool to calculate phase/switch error rate
Differentially methylated position analysis in a related sample?
extracting gene names from pubmed abstracts
Variant calling without matched normal sample
Finding genes especific to microenvironment
I am getting a parsing error when uploading .chip file to GSEA software
Download program for ΔG for TM insertion
Filter VCF for "CAF=[0.9,0.1]"
Restriction enzymes with multiple recognition sequences
Hits in Primer-BLAST not found with programmatic blastn query
Definition of "seed" in sequence alignment
I get the following error when using the GSEA software 'Enrichment Map Visualization' tool using the Cytoscape 3.7.1 application
Retrieving Metabolic networks from WIT Database
How do I tell featureCounts to ignore fragments that overlap with more than one feature?
Splitting fasta file into smaller files based on header pattern
How to retrieve the best-scoring Trinity isoform from blastx results
How to interpret amino acid representation
Is there a safe catch-all adapter sequence for trimming?
How to interpret UniProt allele patterns?
How to define TMH boundaries from structures in OPM at the sequence level
Preparing PDB file for modeling with Swiss-Model
What is the purpose of the "fixedSearchFolder" and "fixedCombinedFolder" in MaxQuant?
Matching these matrices in R
Pipeline for extracting gene from multiple genomes for use in HyPhy selection analyses?
Missing lower IQR in boxplot
Attractor Landscape Analysis
mapping heteryzygous kmers on a genome
How snippy makes MSA-like aligned fasta output from multiple samples?
Differential expression analysis when nested effects
What is the recognized way to reference accession data (.sra files) from NCBI as a URI?
"Bad substitution" error while trimming adapters
How to extract gene expression tables from this GEO dataset?
Kinetics "Master Equation"
RNA-seq analysis of mixed viral/host reads with salmon
Batch alignment of inconsistently named Fastq files
What is the difference between a MeSH concept and a MeSH descriptor
Storing FindAllMarkers results in Seurat object
Downloading Fasta for each chromosome of a complete genome
Aligned base strand in pysam `pileupcolumn`
Where to assign a read pair when a mate spans a HiC bin boundary?
how do I convert a vcf file for a GWAS study (using R package vcfR)
How do I get the adjacency matrix from gene similarity network?
Why is it necessary to add hydrogen and delete water before protein-ligand docking?
scRNA-seq multi-dataset integration for small datasets
Help with 1D^2 library shearing
How to predict stop codons in Illumina reads?
load the phenotype data for ballgown
Extracting expression data in r from GEO and got a S4 object
What is the difference between a Bioinformatics pipeline and workflow?
Significant gene set testing - limma
Displaying soft-clipped nucleotides in samtools tview
How to get log2 fold change of RNA-Seq data for time series experiment?
Adding a string to start of one column
Plot a circos plot to show the consistency between 2 samples
ExpressionSet with a custom gene list
Why doesn't the mouse GRCm38/mm10 refGene genome annotation file contain non-coding transcripts?
How to find Wild Type (WT) protein structure on Protein Data Bank (PDB)?
Pattern matching and removing from the name
How to convert ChiP-seq track in .bam file format into an array at fixed bin resolution?
Clustering of gene co-expression network by igraph R package
How to use busco installed through conda?
What does this genome file from NCBI means?
Viral genome assembly using broad viral ngs pipeline?
taxon exclude list for searching local blast database using blastn
Merging/concatenating index files
Merging / Concatentating BLAST Databases
How to find the position-specific weight matrix (PSWM) for a list of genes having different sizes?
residual Squared Coefficient of Variation (rCV²) vs Distance to Median (DM)
BUSCO does not find buscos in reference sequence of C. elegans (technical problem)
Is the visual cortex of a newborn baby immediately capable of object detection or is this skill learned over time, and if so, how?
How to allow "half windows" in biopython?
Executing PyMOL from a Shell script
The best tool to count the number of insertion sequences in a set of bacterial genome
Access base aligned to particular reference position
How to filter blast results from blast run against virulence factor database
Viral genome finishing
How I debug this code?
How can I ask snakemake to produce a dag where each node represents a rule?
Is there a tool to convert a variableStep .wig to fixedStep one?
log2fold change as heatmap
Old versions of the reference genome and dbSNP
How can I convert Affymetrix microarray data to bedgraph format?
samtools view: writing to standard output failed: Broken pipe
Voom transformation of RNA seq raw counts data
Are phylogenetic tree construction algorithms any different than general clustering algorithms?
Is there a way to assemble contigs starting from a specific sequence?
Is it advisable to remove X and Y chromosome genes in a bulk RNA-seq dataset at the level of the count matrix?
VEP output SIFT_score unclear
How to write the subclusters in file?
What does "fetching by region is not available for SAM files" mean?
A GTF annotation for GRCH375d version
Consensus sequence from SAM or BAM file?
Post docking evaluation
Parsing .vcf file for this information
filter secondary alignments using pysam
Interpretation of hierarchical clustering with bootstrapping
Genome annotation of a Bacillus strain
Short reads vs long reads with regards to break points
What is a quick way to find the reverse complement in bash
How is that ensemble Free energy is lower than the MFE in RNAfold from ViennaRNA
What is a signal 'chunk' in the context of Nanopore sequencing?
removing mitochondrial read and unassembled "random" from multiple bam files
How can `limma` be used to determine genes predictive of a given phenotype?
Genotyping technologies do not maintain phase?
Testing for viral/bacterial infection FASTQ files
PLINK - Transposed BED file?
Knowing which positions are variants
What could cause differing counts of R1 and R2 in Paired End Sequencing (RNASEQ)
Proteins with one SS bond?
How do I find split reads?
Building cancer gene database
Find similar proteins with similar tertiary structure?
scaling algorithm of deeptools
Delly finds identical deletions with different consensus sequences
Getting this information for GISTIC2
How to compute LD for pairs of variants with Plink
Question about enrichment score (ES) and NES from GSEA
Purpose of correlating docking score with catalytic efficiency(Kcat/km)
Why are my kallisto and salmon results differing so much just for lncRNA transcripts?
How do you download stuff from NCBI fast?
Does StringTie use exon length for gene abundance or complete gene length?
Crossover question from Coding Theory
What is the best argument for maximum parsimony method in phylogenetic tree construction?
Repeatmasker output table
Authoritative source on human cytogenetic regions?
Evidence of emergence of "genuine" novel protein interactions by aa mutation
NCBI retrieve genome assembly with splicing or "modifications"
How do i map subcellular localizations to lower the number of classes to predict
Extracting the number SNP in each range
Loading local FASTA file in igv.js
No refseq transcripts in 2nd half of Y chromosome for HG38
cooler out of memory
Directed mutagenesis primer design by back to back PCR of constructs
UCSC packages/tools ucsc-netchainsubset and ucsc-fatotwobit not working on GNU/Linux
repeatscout freq table
Calculating p-value for introns which are retained (or not) between 2 conditions
What is the `table` parameter in the UCSU ldHgGene tool?
CDS length for each human gene
How to get Uniprot and swissprot cross references using Biopython
Repeatscout installation problem
What does PCA mean on GWAS
PAML branch-site model: Identical lnL value between null and alternative models?
GSEA - Gene Set Enrichment Analysis - in R studio
Generate table for total number of SV events per sample
Frequency of specific viral sequence in .BAM or .fastq
WGCNA error codes in Network Construction & moduel detection
Finding matched genes for each genomic range
Merging transcriptomes coming from different experiments
Retrieve ID ligand from PDB file
Alignment for predicting DNA hybridization?
Demographic model for admixed African Americans
How is BLAST's nr database created?
Index VCF file for rapid access by rsID?
Database for germline copy number variations in cancer
Reading a txt in R with weird header
ComBat batch correction: understanding the model
Calculate the occurrence of motif in sequences (including overlaps) using Python
find repetitive elements on genome
How do I add a colour annotation bar to the heatmap generated by DoHeatmap function of Seurat v2?
How about BioMoose?
Align legends to each heatmap in a ComplexHeatmap with 2 heatmaps
Entrez.efetch returns incomplete genbank records
Easy filtering seurat metadata based on knn results
using guppy_basecaller on node with 2 GPUs
How to learn/get started bioinformatics?
What do negative dN or dS mean in cal_dn_ds in Biopython?
Multi-line efetch digging
Remove variants that do not map to human genome
bowtie2 options when mapping stranded single end reads
galaxy output bam file sorted
Determine reference for reference-compressed SRA file
blast command line
Which values from Seurat::FetchData function are to be used for correlation analysis between genes?
Can we use GTEx data as control data for TCGA data?
How to merge .fastq.qz files into a single .fastq.gz with their same id without losing any content in parallel
How can I calculate coverage at single bases using a bam file?
Tabix queries spanning chromosomes
Queries regarding MetagenomeSeq code
Alternative splicing positions on protein
How to set new identities for new clusters based on a gene expression in Seurat?
Differential expression between two types of cells of specific marker gene expression
Proper use of BWA MEM on multiplexed GBS sample
Possible evaluation or validation of predicted 3D protein structure generated by SCWRL4
Protein SCA and DCA
Highly variable elements?
Why do I have >10,000 cells in the 10X matrix produced by cellranger?
Visualizing Ortholog and Paralog genes
How do I computationally predict the binding position of a DNA binding protein on the promoters of differentially expressed genes?
Reconstructing reference FASTA from CRAM file
Confusion related to effective population size
How I normalize these two sets of data
Need help in identifying origin of variants in CIVIC
PCA vs tSNE in single cell RNA-seq
processing fastq files using cellranger on linux
Why does IGV turn a VCF QUAL of "." into -10?
Autodetect max number of cores and pass as an argument in Nextflow
bedtools feature out of bounds
ipfam or pfam domain-domain interactions
How do you normalise read coverage in a BAM file?
HDF5 and BioSQL solutions
ANNOVAR, 1000g database calling
How to create custom txDb using GenomeFeatures?
Store and search on variant and annotation data
What's the difference between gene expression profiles and images?
Find overlap between VCF files
Kruskal–Wallis and wilcox.test choice of test for expression data
How does MinKNOW classify 1D reads as "pass" or "fail"?
Enrich for genes expressed in the plasma membrane
Subset cells based on a changefold level in gene expression
the positions computed by ms
Global or local alignment on sequences for which it is assumed that they have common ancestry
How can I predict if the binding site of a DNA-binding protein is located on the promoter sequence of a gene?
convert ensemble ids to gene names within an object
Quality GL entries in vcf file
how can i download rna-seq data sample for starting rna-seq analysis by R?
Transcription factor targets for Human and Mouse genes
Looking for a good tool for repeat masking in long sequences
install bioconductor
Run Nextflow with file dependencies inside a Docker container?
bcl2fastq2 v2.20.0 converstion software on Ubuntu 18.04
RNASeq read coverage in protein space?
Detecting broad peaks in sRNA-seq data
Error: sort order of reads in BAMs must be the same
Regular expression struggle
Normalization of data with rpkm
Gene ratio as imput in limma
SnpEff gene annotation with @ such as PCDHB@
RefSeq transcript naming - transcript vs gene
Subtyping Agglomerated Mutations By Annotation Relations
Fast processing of fastq data
How drastic would the result be if I use fasta or reference assembly from ucsc and gtf from gencode?
How to reverse complement the DNA sequences for given inverse/reverse coordinates?
Discordance of Gene Ontology data between Mouse Genome Informatics and Ensembl sources
Getting a stretch of genomic ranges from a dataframe/granges object based on metadata column
Get residue position from Pymol Selection
Why does DESeq2 convert numeric columns to factor during differential expression analysis?
Generating DNA sequences with constraints
Deep learning RNA sequences
Error Code in WGCNA: Dealing with large data sets: block-wise network construction andmodule detection
Issue with visualising cladogram/phylogenetic tree with multiple sequence alignment data in R?
Occupancy of TFs with the target genes
Find intervals that genes fall within their range
What is the best way to start with Structural bioinformatics with zero prior experience?
Function to find ATP binding sites
Import gene list to Seurat to define cell types
Any way to quantify the variation of genes that expressed in Affymetrix expression data?
what is the most complete vcf file of population allele frequencies that can be built/downloaded from public datasets?
How to order grouped elements in Gviz
How to use extractfeat?
Normalization for microbiome 16s sequence analysis
What are the mathematical assumptions and algorithmic procedure behind MACS2?
Biological replicates on Chip-seq Transcription factor data
Sibling vs Parent/Child relationship detection using whole-genome sequence data
Any way to filter out highly correlated genes with limma linear model?
creating population AF from set of individuals in 1000 genomes population?
Retrieve sequence data from just one geneID and not the identical sequences with blastdbcmd
How to highlight specific cells in Seurat 2.4
"perl: warning: Setting locale failed." in RepeatMasker
What is the formula for Mg values in TMM normalization for RNA Seq data?
How to extract values from second file on the basis common first column?
Mixcr batch processing
extracting last few lines of a growing bgzip compressed .vcf.gz file
How to compare multiple genetic profiles in Python?
how to create database and taxonomy for arsM amplicon analysis
Where to find secondary metabolites in lichen (and herbal medicine)?
Chip seq sample sequencing depth issue
What do the FASTQ file names mean here?
How to extract all pair end fastq.gz files from multiple subdirectory to a single folder
Run Rscript for multiple samples (files)
How to predict protein binding to ligands?
Is the genome a programming language (i.e. LISP)? Can we analyze it with computer science theory?
How to find essential genes by differential expression from TCGA 3rd level CNV data?
Create samples of cells for the limma package
swap genotypes for specific fields of a vcf file
how to remove range from fasta header
Produce a single sequential FASTA sequence out of BAM
How to create Seurat object while RNA expression and ADT combined into one matrix
how to merge two fasta based on full fasta header and remove the duplicate
Strange p-value histogram for differential gene expression analysis
How to integrate the transcriptomics data with kinetic metabolic models?
Is there a standard tool used to convert a VCF to a BEDPE?
Reducing a string to a certain amount of the first characters in R
Raw Data frame manipulation in python
How can I correctly get 3D scatter plot for micro-array pheno data in R [updated]?
Error: package or namespace load failed for 'ChIPseeker'
Error while calling bcftools mpileup - Failed to open -: unknown file type
Is there a computational method/method/way to predict if a cell population in a tissue immigrated or is enriched locally?
What do the read colors in IGV mean?
Why is 42 the seed used in RunPCA() in Seurat?
How are UMIs used to dedupulicate in Drop-seq tools?
Convert BAM to properly paired FASTQ files
R error: could not find function "pathwayAnalysis"
Subset a protein fasta based on sequence length?
How to output only the overlapping region of two files?
How to combine multiple files into one file?
How to run 'join' command for multiple files (of 2 types) in a folder
How can I transform a mapped BAM file into an unmapped BAM file?
Cluster is split in 2-3 locations on tsne plot - Suerat
return cds from a protein fasta based on gene ID in unix?
Annotating conserved protein domains in bacterial assemblies
Using `install.packages` with conda-managed R
Pandas automatically rounds GWAS P-value
ChrQ definition
DoHeatmap Hierarchical Clustering Seurat
How to interprete PlasmidSeeker results concerning plasmids?
How can I locate duplicated regions in a sequence?
How to select only RNA with Hetero atoms from pdb file with python?
for loop cutadapt for files on a single directory
How can I figure out the cluster that low express in a specific gene in Seurat?
What are the right parameters to trim a small RNA transcriptome with trimmomatic?
Proteomics data Vs Transcriptomics data?
How should I deal with segmental duplications when aligning NGS reads to a reference genome?
Which statistical test to use for comparing two groups?
How to find novel transcripts using GFFcompare?
Alternative to enrichR for enrichment analysis?
A problem in meta-analyzing microarrays
rentrez to retrieve NIH files
Statistical test design question
fold-change range
How can I translate infix to mathml using the python interface to libsbml?
UCSC liftover cannot produce bed format output
Subsetting of object existing of two samples
How to do `bedtools intersection` using pandas alone?
Looking for a taxonomic dataset that links tree genera (or species) to families
Effect size in power analysis when dealing with Poisson based variant caller
Differences in webtool and standalone Clustal Omega Percent Identity Matrix
Is there a way to use BioLemmatizer from Python?
Normalization of single cell RNASeq data with ERCC spike-ins
How to get a MSA fasta from BAM/SAM?
Filter reads belonging to unique sequences with threshold
How to remove degenerate sequence (N4) at the 5' and 3' of the reads?
semantic similarity measurement for cell line ontologies
Compare multiple alignment results' aligned bases
Hosting IGV web on a server
Hard-clip primers in a bam file
Hierarchical clustering for outlier detection - single cell RNASeq & WGCNA
Compare functional enrichment between genelists
autonomous Class2 Transposable Elements from non-autonomous
For phylogenetic tree construction from core-genome which one is preferable: amino-acid based MSA or nucleotide based MSA?
Paired end sequencing with R1 and R2 of different length. Possible?
In SBOL, when should I annotate a DNA sequence vs. making sub-components?
Mapping GPL Platform Number to Microarray Name
Does SBOL require representing intermediate products like mRNA?
Why does SBOL have both Component and ComponentDefinition?
How do I select a proper design matrix to use in DRIMSeq?
making a customer reference by using cell ranger
Extract mapping coverage from GTF files
How do you represent small molecules in SBOL?
Do I have to include the genome?
Single Cell RNA seq Analysis for low input Cells?
Ternary plot in R
What is "aligned sequences" and "consensus sequence" in the context of sequence logo? How to compute these?
How to use -csvStats option?
Why do ten rows (Figure_1) correspond to 2 bits (Figure_2) in a sequence logo?
Cannot use .owl files downloaded in PANTHER with paxtoolsr functions
How to retrieve the subcellular location info from uniprot?
How to compute the Shannon entropy for a strand of DNA?
Passing around complex metadata in Nextflow
Subset a multisample VCF file
How to demultiplex a mix of single-indexed and dual-indexed samples
what does a sequence look like before alignment?
Intersecting multiple data frames
BLAST server download
Multiple line chart
Empty values in FILTER field after running Mutect2
Principle of TMT Tags in Multiplex Proteomics
How to build ML tree among OTUs and 16s sequence
Error Viewing file on HiGlass
How to efficiently get human gene names from NCBI based on a large list of SNPs
How to convert a .fastq chip-seq file into a wig/bigwig track and how to extract chip-seq peaks?
Is there a convention or standard of the highest bits in a sequence logo?
How to reproduce this specific sequence logo from 10 000 human mRNAs?
Access workdir defined on command line from within Snakefile
Clustering using cellranger
How can I get 10000 human mRNAs?
What is the name of this type of figure?
Huge variability in blastn speed between same short sequence job
Biopython Failure to break out of loop
PCA on large sparse matrix of single cell RNA-seq
How can extract the list of genes name from the raw data in GEO?
Number of reactions per metabolic pathway
design formula question
How to transform and sort the matrix to make a heatmap showing signatures?
DNA bioinformatic search and methylation analysis by qMSP
Error using bseqsc
significant SNPs to annotated candidate genes
Single sample in group: normal pipeline or Kal's Z test
How to download all reactions of the TCA cycle from the RHEA database with the SPARQL endpoint?
Statistics in EGSEA
How to get a tabular summary from srspair alignment file?
Correlate DEGs from DESeq2, EdgeR and Limma results
How are residuals used as new phenotype?
High percentage of poly A sequences in 10X chromium R2 read
Appropriate tool or algorithm for sloppy alignment of degenerate bases
Creating a count table using R
Java issue with IsoSCM - Value for tag XS is not a Character
Merging two .txt files
Visually summarizing phylogenetic networks
GEOquery, Bioconductor question: Is there a more efficient way to tease out datasets that contain data I need?
PDB codes for misfolded proteins?
How could I find Differential Genes in Expression Matrix File by R?
Total read count of shotgun affected by few highly abundant sequences
Chromosome information for miRNA
Are there any resources for calculating / representing evolutionary relationships within gene clusters?
Identification of differential genes across 8 groups
How to handle control samples in CLIP-Seq
Comparing RNA-Seq and Ribo-Seq
Concatenate multiple fasta files into one file per unique entry
Can I change the name of file features.tsv to genes.tsv
should I continue the iteration of psiblast if the blast step produced only below threshold sequences?
Mapping probe ID to gene name
How to find common sequences among 6 multi-fasta files
how to merge more than two sample in Seurat?
Convert paired-end BAM into a single-end BAM and keep all the reads
Fix dash/empty ALT alleles for deletions in VCF
After running a DRIMSeq pipeline, how do I know which genes are upregulated in the different conditions?
Illumina 16S amplicon sequencing of healthy human cohort
Is it valid to apply HMM based CNV calling on targeted sequencing (panel of hundreds of genes)
Argument stopped working
How to obtain the standard gene name
snakemake get environment variable for rule name and log path
how to generate an scRNA counts file
samtools mpileup skipping read
How to upload and process a data set to Galaxy instance and retrieve results programmatically?
What Galaxy tools can annotate a de novo assembly RNA seq plant transcripts?
c++ program to find length string an char*
Patient-sample mapping in GSE72056 dataset
Efficiently concatenating disjoint, ordered bigBed files
How do I create a filtered gene list using expression medians
how to cluster data separately based on HTO tags
Create a Grouped Barchart
Inferring a phylogenetic tree from BLASTn
How can I find out if my gene of interest is duplicated?
Blastn Bits: None
Finding drugs based on gene expression data
Are there databases to annotate non-coding mutations?
alternatives to PHASTER phage annotation server
Adding an attribute to GFF3 file
Modifing a GFF3 file and writting to a new file
Create heat map that groups genes by expression within cluster in Seurat
length of 'dimnames' [1686] must match that of 'dims' [3]
Biplot scores from canonical correspondence analysis
Is there any method for an automatic linking of metabolite names to their database identifiers (eg. HMDB)?
How to run function "convolve" in parallel in R?
