What does this sentence about toxemia and Clostridium tetani mean?
Genotypic distribution of a population with two characteristics and linkage
Distribution of genotypes after adverse selection
Gloves for Cell Culture?
MTT assay normalization
What is the relation between plasmid concentration and mRNA levels?
Is there a standard reference for the importance of tumor heterogeneity?
Are recessive, deleterious alleles less common on the X chromosome than the autosomes in humans?
How to check if a fastq file has single or paired end reads
Plasmid maintenance
How many transcription factors are there?
How host defends against S. pneumoniae capsule?
How do TLR1/TLR2 activate the MyD88 dependent pathway
What prevents predator overpopulation?
How do mosquitoes maintain telomere length?
Electronic cigarettes (e-cigs), any health risks?
How does the telomere repeat sequence vary in Eukaryotes?
Gene Complementation Question
Parasitism and mimicry
Looking for a DNA sequence
Why do 6-8% of diphtheria patients do not develop natural immunity after being affected?
S. pyogenes' skin infection diagnostics
Beginning of the urogenital system
Why do cells vary in shape and function when they have the same genome and the same organelles?
Evolution in fruits
No bands show up in gel electrophoresis, not even marker
Do's and Don't's of Undergraduate Research?
What is the evolutionary purpose of the topology of the human ear?
what these suffixes mean,-coel,-blast,-cyst?
Are viruses self-propelled?
Raising two legs together while lying on bed
Systems Biology of triacylglycerol (TAG) synthesis in Jatropha
Can humans eat grass?
Absorption rate of Infrequently eating animals?
Is urine dirty as soon as it leaves the human body?
Quorum Sensing in Vibrio cholerae
X Linked Hardy Weinberg Equilibrium Problem
Surrogacy Post Fertilization
How much does the distance between a transcription factor binding site and a promoter influence transcription?
Do recessive alleles really exist?
Dyes to bind to double stranded DNA?
How does a fertilized egg form 23 pairs of chromosomes?
What is the difference between intracardiac and extracardiac reflexes in cardiac regulation?
Databases for metabolic pathways of human disease
How is a stem-cell induced to assimilate a knock-in DNA construct?
In biosynthesis of cysteine and methionine, where does the sulfur come from?
Lytic Viruses -- Cell lysis?
Do lysogenic viruses only infect bacteria?
What happen's to a virus's capsid after it injects its genetic material into the host cell?
In the lysogenic cycle, does the provirus split from the cell's main genetic material for replication?
Is it impossible for a retrovirus to be lysogenic?
What can thrombosis lead to?
What is ischaemia exactly?
Can systemic venous congestion caused by tumor?
Does fat on our heart come from the fat that we eat?
Are there any forms of heart failure where cell size decreases?
RNA isolation from Drosophila head
Does Yerba Mate contain Beta carbolines like harman and norharman?
Many spermatozoa, but just one ovum
Evolution from Mating types to different sexes
Organs lifespan out of the body
Why do I need a flu shot every year, while many other vaccinations last years or even a lifetime?
Bacterial Conjugation/Horizontal Gene Transfer -- how does the plasmid exchange work?
Can animals absorb atmospheric sulfur?
How do wild animals get rabies?
Is it possible to elicit transient gene silencing by using virus induced gene silencing (VIGS) in plants?
From a purely biological perspective, how does an optimal human diet look?
What makes the amide bond the lowest energy pathway?
What is the minimum length required for a circular DNA ligation?
Why only water in liquid form is essential to live?
Drosophila Crosses
What are these white areas of coronary thrombosis?
What is the fastest marine mammal?
Is a stab wound to the back lethal?
Resources for interesting facts about biology
Do animals follow tactics?
Is Natural Selection like a Copy Editor?
What is the quality rate of intrinsic autoregulation in the heart?
Real time PCR parameter CT
What kind of a microscope do I need to see cell organelles?
To characterise diameter of capillaries in organs
How to determine whether a newly discovered dinosaur is not a young one and not an entirely different species?
Is it easier to burn a calorie of fat or a calorie of a carbohydrate?
How much solar energy required to produce enough food for a herbivore?
How do viruses or bacteria survive outside the body long enough to spread?
Publicly available genotype data?
circularizing DNA molecules?
Evolution of Homo Erectus to Homo Sapiens
If DNA has a half life of about 500 years, how can old seeds be planted?
Examples of animals with different number of chromosomes that can interbreed?
Omics integration questions
How do Kangaroo mothers deliver the correct kind of milk to the correct joey?
Would expression of GroEL and GroES in erythrocytes be a potentially effective therapy for sickle cell disease?
Why can't ciliary muscles in the human eye relax like other muscles?
enzymes that stabilize DNA loops
Why are low throughput methods more trustable for protein interaction?
Does the lung absorb organic food?
Selection on linked loci in a diploid population
Linkage disequilibrium with multiple alleles and loci
Which chemical and hormonal effects on heart are by metabolites?
Effective population size when the population sizes varies from season to season
How to calculate the effective population size ($N_e$) with overlapping generations?
Meaning of the word Oleracea
Conserved proteins are non immunogenic
Telomerase in tetrahymena
2 types of telomerases?
What stops telomerase?
spinal cord lesion and result in somatic sensation
Neuroscience: zapping an axon connected to thermoreceptor
Which inflammatory response with Cytomegalovirus infection?
How much of your stock solution should you take to make the 1000 cells/mL mixture?
Hela live cell confocal laser scanning - reccommendations for good fluorophore that will show good movement
What errors can occur during DNA replication?
Dimensional analysis Question
Can systemic intravascular thrombosis cause brain infarction?
Pathogenesis of chronic venous congestion in skin?
What is the pathogenuc mechanism of brown pigment lipofuscin in muscle atrophy?
What insect is this? (India)
Pathogenesis of Chronic Venous Congestion in Lungs?
Real-time PCR result interpretation
How can I re-format my DNA motifs' position weight matrices?
Can a fungus become resistant to a chemical such as Potassium Permanganate?
Why violets die in closed space?
What is this plant?
Sexual Differentiation in Monoecious plants with unisexual flowers
Association of shorter telomeres with heart disease
pI and pH relationship in context of ion exchange protein purification
The distance the electromagnetic field of the heart can be detected
Can pulmonary infarction be asymptomatic?
Functioning of BRCA2
Gibson assembly using NeBuilder
What is the difference between fibrogenesis and fibrosis?
How quickly is antibiotic resistance lost?
NaCl role in CTAB - DNA complex in DNA extraction
Evolutionary rationale behind migration proteins
Can a carnivorous animal consume plants with no adverse effects?
Difference between inbreeding and interbreeding
Data analysis of transcriptome sequencing data
How did the roar evolve from snort?
How do cellphones calculate heart rate?
What is the blood ejection speed outward from human body vein?
Functioning of BCG vaccine
Are there tools for automatically parsing glycan names into tree structures?
What is the standing genetic variation?
If everybody DNA is different then how blood can match even with matching blood group?
Can P. falciparum and other malaria parasites be cultured and genetically engineered?
how do they identify different protein chains?
Activity of glucokinase
What's the minimum distance of focus for the lens of a human eye to reach maximum flatness?
How is insulin transported in vivo in mammals?
How do I calculate the change in allele frequency in a haploid population under selection?
How do beneficial features evolve in species without progressing through detrimental stages?
How did the first sexual animal come to exist?
Could mating/recombination be responsible for evolution of entirely novel features?
What is the function of clot retraction?
Significance of prostaglandins in semen?
Function and process of TCTE-1 receptor
Is nutrient absorption different in Hypersensitive I patients?
carbohydrates and lipids as a source of energy? why?
Is it reasonable to assume that RNA polymerase would bind preferentially to the promoter of the long allele of the SERT gene?
Sodium-Potassium Pump
How does vasomotor and bronchomotor reactions equilibrate local blood flow to correspond local ventilation?
Is there any bank of animations for Embryology?
What causes Paresthesia (Pins and Needles) at a cellular level?
In what forms do plants and animals excrete sulfur?
Real time PCR standard curve
Are females more flexible than males in all mammals?
How can highly virulent but uncommon diseases (like ebola) maintain a stable equilibrium?
Are there specific features of birds that cats/small predators are attracted to?
Epithelial cells and Rhinovirus
Clustal Omega - convert from distance into # of substitutions
Spinal cord injury bypass
Structure of biological membranes?
DNA adaptation in human life
Evolution of bee hives
A day in Beijing is like smoking Only one sixth of a cigarette
Buy bacteria for experiment?
Does apheresis damage any components of blood? If not, why not?
Do any organisms recycle their own waste internally?
What is the current theory of sexual orientations in Biology?
Effect of the health of the male parent at the time of conceiving
Mutated Sperm - What happens?
Fertilization of an egg by two sperm
How do B memory cells provide immunological memory? Do they differentiate into plasma cells?
What happens when we dream?
Do chicks in eggs excrete?
What problems do invasive species cause ?
Why does ear wax taste sour?
Functioning of EDTA
Concentration of DNA by isopropanol
Consequence of touching Formaldehyde
Bilayer synthesis?
Do people who have been blind all their lives dream?
Why do we find nature 'beautiful', from an evolutionary perspective?
How does the creative process of Biological Evolution work?
gene expression fold change threshold limit
What's the fastest legal way for the nutrients in a dead body to re-enter the ecosystem?
DNA of the human body?
If a gene altered causes cancer and creates a protein for cancer can the new protein be isolated in some way?
Quantitative Traits Genetics
Do cancer cells give off specific chemical signatures?
Understanding DNA supercoiling
How does HBeAg change to Anti-HBe in acute hepatitis
Single channel micro arrays
Measuring reverse transcription yield?
Why don't we see new diseases more often? Or, ever?
Initial population when i count backwards?
Why don't birds in flocks fly into each other?
Can SIRS occur without Sepsis from Infection?
What can cause the bloating in high protein diet of Whey proteins?
Knockout Rat Phenotype Database?
Plastid and mitochondria
Burns' "To a mouse" - what species of mouse?
Which kit provides the highest yield and purity of extracted DNA from FFPE tissue samples?
Fibrinous inflammation, exudate and scarring in monotonous movements and ageing
Why can't my body deal with cold-sores
Does yeast grow on LB agar plates?
E coli cotransformation efficiency
Is half-a-tablet of X a substitute for a tablet of X/2?
Concerning Apoptosis
What is the biological reason that some viruses cause sore joints (eg flu)?
Missing 4 $\ce{H_2O}$ (per glucose) in Cellular Respiration... Where can they be?
Changing time and rpm of centifuge
Function of heparin and dextran sulfate for removing proteins
Cells created using differently aligned proteins
How can a recessive allele propagate until they manifest?
Can inhibition of lymphocytes migration be a direct cause of chronic inflammation?
Significance of lipids in biological membranes...?
Advantages of pain sensation?
Stomach Virus : How does it affect the bacteria of the intestines?
Substitute 25mM dNTPs mix with 10mM dNTPs
How do ants spontaneously grow wings?
building intelligent structure with random evolution requires series of non useful steps
Do chickens always lay eggs?
Cloning a gene of an organism with an nonsequenced genome
Nervous system: Pain and Pleasure?
Nervous system : Nerve signals
Nervous System : Signal Translation
Nervous System : Organ or Gland Failure
Real time PCR normalization algorithm
Does DNA influence death (e.g. by cell aging)
Role of Melatonin in Circadian Rhythm
People say the cardiac cycle depends on blood pressure? How so?
In what ways can mechanisms of apoptosis be damaged?
Brainbow fluorescence labeling technique
Additive genetic variance with $n$ alleles
Additive genetic variance with $n$ loci
Dominance/recessivity of new mutations
Effect on fitness of mutations
Property of E.coli harboring F element
How do Gram + bacteria use a proton gradient for F-type ATPase?
What does min mean?
Life on other planets
Was the mitochondrion or chloroplast first?
What are the roles of guanidine-HCl and ethanol in binding of DNA to silica?
Is a sequential double transformation acceptable?
How does mutation cause natural selection? and is it common in protists or prokaryotes?
Cosmid genomic library, or genomic cosmid library?
How can a YAC be screened against a cDNA library and a cosmid library of genomic DNA to find a gene?
How do I get a brighter DNA bands
Dopamine paradox in schizophrenia
How to measure quality and quantity of DNA?
What does it mean for a chemical pathway to be conserved?
How does sepsis affect heart function?
Normal Frequencies in Heart
What is TILLING?
How does DNA resolve on size exclusion resin?
Population Genetics Question
What is the energy consumption of the brain?
Can excessive carbonated drink consumption lead to elevated red blood cell levels?
Literature about industrial enzyme application
Triune brain model
What exactly is Tinnitus?
Book recommendation on selective breeding?
Do you have experience with PacBio?
condensed protocol for sequencing a portion of human DNA from buccal sample
Tapeworms and their effect on humans
Is there any documented case in which floating substances led to the introduction of a new species?
Why do the neuron pathways decussate?
Any examples of life forms on Earth that could have survived on Mars or Moon?
List of the biggest companies that work in selective breeding
A question about gag reflex
What are mast cell membranes made out of?
Could alpha-numeric taxonomy of fungi make things simpler?
Comment on the introduction to a bioinformatics paper
what is the effect of soda water on digestion?
How was the Huntington's disease gene's location found?
Near point and far point of myopic eye
phosphorous availability to mycorrhizae and parent plant, timing - paper search
Propagation of tool use in primates?
In what circumstances does a mammalian egg copy its DNA?
How does gene expression work in an adult organism? Is everything encoded everywhere?
Why do different humans look different?
Why does pH have an effect on enzymes?
How do nutrients get to the cells they need to get to?
Why is the human body hair not uniformly colored?
What is this abbreviation CT in female reproductive system
Do tall people have more cells?
What is an irreversible reaction?
Possible Genotypes -- Linked Genes
Do people with gout live longer?
Protein Conformation Modeling
Manifestations of open foramen ovale in adults
Appropriate statistical test for a student lab?
Can protein precipitate out in alcohol during DNA extraction?
coverage calculations approach for clipped reads
Why isn't the phosphoglycerate kinase reaction of the glycolysis pathway irreversible?
Can oil be used instead of water in preparing wet mounts for microscopy?
Why doesn't the sperm die if there is citric acid and acid phosphatases in the semen?
What makes teeth feel sticky after drinking Coca-Cola?
Can a tree survive if someone cuts all buds?
Why did women historically have such a high mortality rate during birth?
Are cell lines potentially dangerous?
Why are there ecosystems?
How does GC-content evolve?
Heterozygosity under genetic drift
Which disorders are fully concordant?
What happens when seeds are refrigerated before planting?
How the lungs clear themselves?
Does Science Say That We Should Die?
Books on population or evolutionary genetics?
Why are many anti-malaria drugs gap junction antagonists?
What is the name of systemic tension of muscles?
Did the eugenics program in Nazi Germany have a measurable effect?
Do trees have no set lifespan and
"quite"immortal?
relative-rate of evolution
Why mosquito bite is confined to a certain shape?
Usage of the taxonomic classification "Pinnipedia"
Is Sinus node conduction necessary for heart beating?
Are there any fungi that can digest humic acids?
Troubleshooting for Agarose Gel Electrophoresis
Why does IUCN classify pistachio as a "Near Threatened" species?
Evolution: How could all useful traits evolve simultaneously?
Why do three nucleotides code for one amino acid? Why not 5 nucleotides?
What are the costs associated with carrying lots of genetic material
Task-dependent "reversed" handedness: why use left hand for some tasks? How is it controlled by the brain?
Is there a biological reason for spreading food intake into breakfast-lunch-dinner?
Which ionic channels of Pacemakers can work in very low frequencies in extrasystole?
Which reflex arcs work in Heart with extrasystoles?
Is it possible to have life in vacuum?
What are the mechanisms of disabling extrinsic control of heart?
What is the beneficial function of IgE antibody?
What exactly makes bananas go brown?
For emphysema, which of the respiratory volumes is affected?
Earwax versus Mucus
Which was the last significant event in human evolution? What's next?
Evolution of Chromosome Numbers
Number of autoregulation and FFL motifs in a network
Book suggestion on computational molecular evolution
Does our eyeball increase in size as we grow?
If all B cells are present at birth, why should the primary response to an infection take longer than the secondary response?
Is there a Lyme disease vaccine?
Does the genetic material the sperm carries affect its physical properties
Where does the fate map of a human embryo end?
Most human-like teratoma ever recorded?
Roles of creatine and bilirubin in foetus circulation
Coalescent Theory - Probability for $k$ alleles that of one coalescence event occured $t+1$ generations ago
TCGA gene expression data are missing matched normal
Development of vitreous humor
Average face shape
Can I force evolution in a group of cells by removing all the smaller cells?
Book recommendations for evolutionary models
Why doesn't the avocado turn brown when it is kept with its seed?
List of heritability estimates in humans?
What is the main challenge in creating a chemical male contraceptive?
Why does methylation not occur in viral DNA?
How is bacterial plasma membrane made?
Do any nonhuman species have effective ebola immunity?
Speed of effective lymphatic drainage?
Effect of nerve pills and relationship to Shingles
Percentage of understood human DNA
Punnett square and hybrid cross
How can CI repressor both activate and repress $P_{RM}$ promoter found in $\lambda$ phage?
In an open circulatory system, how is blood moved?
Could someone Identify this Insect Hive on my Balcony Grill
List of np-hard problems in biology/bioinformatics
How are new chromosomes replicated into the next generation via sexual reproduction?
Why haven't land animals evolved beyond urination?
Heterozygosity and overdominance
How do exon tandem exon duplications occur in the genome?
Detecting a Fasting State in the Body via Lasers
What does "kcal/mol" mean when speaking of enzyme catalysis?
Effect of Aging on SA node's sympathetic fibers
How would the human body adjust to sleep times if we were to live in a place with different day lengths?
Is there a name for this principle in biological contexts?
What kind of small insect is this?
Identical twins' biological sexes
What is accumulation and release centre of neurohormones?
Strictly from a biological perspective, what is the functional expectation of a human being
When does exposure to an allergen increase / decrease allergy?
How does regurgitated food go to the 3rd stomach chamber instead of going to the 1st?
How were the first primers made?
What is meant by single molecule sequencing?
How is nutrient uptake in humans measured?
Is a naive immune system equally able to handle new antigens as an educated one?
Gel Electrophoresis - loading dye and more
Why is oxygen used up in eutrophication?
PCR master mix contents
What is Saccus in Embryology?
How much of the jejunum is bypassed during gastric bypass?
Advantage of cup-like shape of blood cells, spores?
Ideal lab glassware cleaner for molecular biologist
introduction to Chip Seq
Role of isopropanol in plasmid isolation
Why doesn't the cytosol dissolve the polar structures?
Width of vein in finger
What's the difference between naive and memory B cells?
What is reductive deamination?
Is there a protein in the eye that gets kinked by photons and shipped down to the liver to get un-kinked?
is there a way to do batch download for all gene pathways?
phylogenetic Independent contrasts with unresolved tree
What are the internal surfaces of body cavities actually made of?
tetrads in meiosis are held together by what
Do invertebrates dream?
Does Sympaticus and lymphatic circulation cause feeling of thirsty after short shower?
Crusty eyes in the morning
What is the minimum air pressure the human body can tolerate if oxygen supply is not an issue?
What is the film that covers the tongue?
Why does rabies cause hydrophobia?
Why is it that drinking caffeinated tea does not help one to stay awake?
Why do oranges in the US have a small separate part?
How are oranges in the US or anywhere made seedless?
How does cold water help to overcome high fever?
Can human survive falling from 30,000 ft without a chute?
Why basement membrane thickens in diabetes mellitus?
Degenerate primer design for DIG in situ hybridization
How is the transcription direction of RNA polymerase determined?
What nutrients do I lose in the water when I boil vegetables?
Which types of hydrogen bonds are known to exist in RNA secondary structures?
Specifics of decussation
How to determine whether the energy of a stem-loop fold is significant or not?
What is the nature of action potentials in autonomic nervous system?
Do cell walls prevent cancer?
Could humans theoretically see infrared better than regular light?
identification of species of tree
identification of species of this bird
identification of this flower
How to maximize lung oxygen intake?
identification of species of snake
Why is post-vaccination fever for 4CMenB so frequent?
fibrinogens and fibrins - are they the same molecule?
How to increase the rate of absorption and assimilation of food?
How to interpret the breeders equation?
Source of information on the evolution of aging/senescence
Measurement of glucose concentration in the human brain
How and when did sex evolve?
Can paralogous genes be under negative selection?
Relationship between small and large fast-twitch motor units
Neurology: spinal tract
Name of scientist who discovered lifesaving drug and chose not to patent it?
To have TBE vaccine during allergic times with mild asthmatic symptoms?
Why rectus abdominis is not proximal muscle?
Are bronchioles and alveoli covered by respiratory epithelium?
How does tree resin capture arthropods?
Definition of Linkage Desiquilibrium (LD)
definition of tempo and mode in evolution
How does a TOPflash/FOPflash assay work to detect beta-catenin protein expression?
In which direction plants' root grow in weightlessness?
Preventing paracetamol overdose
What is the current molecular explanation of Mendel's pea cross?
Could the Warburg effect be used to starve cancer cells in situ?
Why don't we breathe nitrogen when it makes up most of the air?
Are people genetically predisposed to being interested in specific fields/ideas? How does specialization occur?
psychological database with sequenced DNA records
Hebbian theory "fire together" clarification
How are dental cavities different from body injuries?
Can a neuron make a synapse onto itself?
Could super-caffeinating somebody's bloodstream be dangerous?
Are hens and roosters the same species?
Sequence alignment scoring
Do insomniacs yawn?
chimeric sequences
Amino acid profile of GPCRs
Metapopulation structure - book recommendations
How does a blunt force stimulate histamine to develop early stages of inflammation?
How does chromosome cross-over occur?
Does anyone know good software for producing tanglegrams?
Seeing strange things in light
Why do so many people have group O blood?
Why do cockroaches burst from soapy water?
How does a person get AIDS?
Biological meaning/interpretation of clustering coefficience
Why are hybrids infertile?
Saliva test for Toxoplasma gondii?
Identifying internal structures of dissected fish
What type of insect is this?
Identifying internal structure of dissected prawn
Any forms of pneumonia that can be caught?
Identifying structures from anterior end of dissected prawn
Polarized epithelium and localization of ion channels
About stem cells and Cancer
How are two species with similar phenotypes identified as different?
PDB file for Osteopontin (SPP1)
Can animals make their own unsaturated fatty acids?
What happens to human dopaminergic reward system once a teenager becomes adult?
Modern alternatives of DNA footprinting
What is optical density in Lowry's protein estimation method?
Viruses: Adaptation to a new host through repeated host jumps
How would a different solar day affect evolution?
Regarding cancer cells and radio-frequency ablation
Hypothalamic breakdown and effect of temperature on membrane lipids
Parallel Autonomic regulation of Cough and Runny Nose
conservation of C-peptide sequence in the guinea pig
How does the ebola virus attack?
Defining: Evolutionary (quantitative) Genetics and Population Genetics
Topology of closed circular DNA
Book Recommendation: Complex Traits and Complex Genetic Architecture
With an excess supply of nutrients, in how much time will the number of algae cells double in full sun?
Standard curve for real time
Can a virophage potentially be used to cure a viral disease?
What is a lip? (upper lip and lower lip)
how does DNA and RNA work
What is the difference between vegetable and animal fats?
Can Serous inflammation on pleura pulmonalis cause dry cough and runny nouse?
Does increased physical activity increase the rate of cell division?
Modern research or study on patterns in nerve signals
Can oncogenesis happen without apoptosis pathway being affected?
Why do Bee stings cause swelling?
Function of the Auricle in heart
How do I tell whether a mass spectrum was made with ESI or MALDI?
Image formation
Do RNA molecules bind each other?
About a mechanical aid to the heart
evolution and mutation of microrganisms against medicines?
Do birds have navels?
Enzyme kinetics
What is most simple eukaryotic genome?
Why will tissue from identical twin be rejected in some cases?
What is the proper format for genus and species names in latin?
Size of DNA in phage
Why does the stability of YAC increase with size?
Are there special constants in biology that define organism's morphology?
How to study the effect on tau protein isoforms on microtubule based transport?
Why does evolution not make our life longer?
How does a pine cone open?
What are Antihistamines doing in a baby?
Why are embryonic germ cells considered stem cells?
Dimerization of Immunoglobulin G
examples of chromosomal aberrations with lack of sexual chromosomes?
What are the Gateway clonase enzymes?
Help explain multi alleles in terms of actual genetic code
How does an axon "know" it's not connecting to its own neuron?
Why do insectivorous birds migrate?
If I sent a bag of rice to the bottom of the ocean and brought it back, could I eat it?
Inbreeding Coefficient and Coefficient of Relationship
How important is the womb's environment?
Coefficient of relationship and path of coefficient
Inbreeding depression and dominance
How can toddlers expend seemingly boundless energy when they eat so little?
What is the cause of dry cough?
What do nerves have to do with feeling nervous?
Genome Project Focusing on gene ADRB2?
"Gold standard" for CNV detection methods?
How do cats shed their fur?
How do download a list of the gene length of all genes?
Why only able to close one eyelid? Genetic reason?
If not intelligent design, what is an alternative scientific theory to evolution?
Is infrared photosynthesis possible?
What are the factors that control the speed of propagation of neuronal signals?
How is the growth of benign tumors suppressed?
What is the difference between transformation and transfection?
To measure frequencies of eosinophils and neutrophils in airways
Coalescent theory - independence of coalescent times
What species is this mammal?
translation of scientific names
Can someone suggest me good opencourseware links for learning computational biology basics?
"selective pressure" or "selection pressure"?
Getting goosebumps at will
Draw simplified phylogenetic tree for kids
What are the functions of disulphide bonds?
Why is brown fat brown?
Can someone who is color blind recover color vision by surgical means?
Is life in a supercritical fluid possible?
Could light/occasional smoking strengthen the lungs?
Needing help in order to infer the statistical hypothesis tests performed in an old paper
MAPK signalling pathway initial conditions
How can stem cells be counted in body?
Is it firmly established, that mutations are sufficient for cancer?
Is process, opposite for growth, known for mammals?
What species is this worm?
Why cancer mutations do accumulate sequentially?
Study case of the inheritance system of Oenothera
Detecting food fraud
Trauma, blood loss and thirst
How do you increase eumelanin but not pheomelanin?
What does chromosome CHR_Un, CHR_MT in the ftp site of NCBI mean?
Why Rh conflict happen but no ABO conflicts?
Relationship between action potentials and EEG recordings
Have there been any theories put forward as to the reasons behind Temperature-Dependant Sex Determination in reptiles?
How does Oedipus complex fit in the evolutionary theory?
Do there exist publicly available Genome sequences of a family?
Is it possible to be (briefly) aware you had been decapitated?
Why humans have the temperature they have?
Biology in romantic love
What is the normal duration of human sexual intercourse?
What types of light can't a plant photosynthesize in?
Is there an evolutionary explanation for the black spots around a pandas eyes?
Has it been enough time for evolution through simple natural selection?
Why doesn't Diabetes cause death by starvation?
What are the blood groups for human beings?
Curious about Brazzein
Evolution and the levels of selection
Signaling through G protein Coupled Receptors?
Identification of species found in fly lab
Is this statement in agreement with Darwin's theory of evolution?
Why are red blood cells considered to be cells?
Why is there no way to remove an immune response?
Why are some scorpion species fluorescent under UV light?
What is the effect of Montelukast on the amount of IgE in blood?
Is there a possibility that medicine will affect the efficiency of natural selection?
Is a double-yolk egg capable of producing two viable chicks?
Why is the mosquito a definitive host in malaria?
Fastest and slowest action potential
To determine no beating cardiomyocytes from ECG or video recording
Why is there no cure for Dandruff?
Does any animal species have two sexes and more genders?
Do miRNA and antisense RNA do essentially the same thing?
In the endomembrane system, after a protein leaves the rough ER, where does it go?
Getting xyz co-ordinates from a .map file (CCP4 format) in VMD
Role of Calcium and Magnesium in capacitation/acrosome reaction
Why does the affinity of haemoglobin for oxygen increase at higher elevations?
How is the nasal secretion system of local immunity coupled with lymphatic circulation?
Advantages of bisexual reproduction over asexual one toward species promotion?
In genome research, what is the problem in Mapping that may be caused by reads being too short?
Elevated position effect on recovery times from upper respiratory infections at rest?
Exocytosis of mast cell secretory granules
How does a Na+/H+ antiporter drive osmosis in this "osmotic motor"?
Comparing Shine Dalgarno scores, creating a distribution
To diagnose osteomyelitis of vertebral column in chronic kidney failure
Can an insect poison itself with food?
What information do microarray image convey?
Membrane potential after exposure to glutamate
Question regarding 2 constructs of tobacco plant
Is there a hormone combination that makes humans grumpy?
Can dish soap really be used to kill ticks and fleas?
Base Substitution Probabilities Derivation
What is a suicide plasmid?
Transverse diffusion of lipids in red blood cells
The use of proteins in memory creation
Gene perturbation, what is it used for, explain to computer scientists?
Why do our eyes close when we sleep?
Color van der waals bonds in swiss PdbViewer
What's the difference between Ki and IC50?
Drosophila grey / yellow
What is the close and related genome used for in Gene models?
Could a sperm be altered to contain a female's genetics?
What are the criteria for determining the origin and end of muscle anatomically?
Detecting Calcified stones and cracks in tooth
How well does the event-driven DVS sensor approximate the rods of the retina?
Do macrophages engulf mtDNA?
What makes us all different and similar to some extent?
Prenatal hyperkinetic dysfunction and its effect on endurace
How many areas are there in Brodmann map?
H O N C alternatives for organic life?
Vitamin D oral intake, transportation and absorption
Converting Ensembl Compara gene tree DNA alignment to corresponding amino acid alignment
Two-fold cost of sex and r/K selection theory
Can genes change as we age?
Effects of having too much vitamin D?
Various Genetic Loads and their Definitions
Tc and Th1 interaction and viral immune response
What's the physical meaning of Svedberg unit?
Antihistamine's effect on insulin secretion and tiredness?
About the quality of microsatellites
What does "developmentally programmed" mean?
How can antibiotics damage the ear?
Will the increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide lead to larger insects?
Where can I get numerical data for the PAR (photosynthetically active radiation) curve?
how is the plasma membrane repaired after endocytosis?
What is atrial fibrillation?
Could humans choose to establish fibre digesting colonies in our guts?
What is the evolutionary cause for various finger lengths?
How best to count bees entering and leaving a hive to measure hive activity?
Does digit 1 have an extensor sheath?
A question related to qPCR analysis
What cells don't have a primary cilium?
How do you merge SNP data with a reference genome?
What is the suitable terminology to describe this study approach?
What are the known natural biochemical reasons for a dead human's body not fully decaying?
Is there a correlation between brain size and amount of sleep?
Help with the Price equation
Protoporphyrinogen (IX) formation in heme synthesis
problem with natural selection
Are there issues with filling PCR tubes to capacity?
Were there any flying dinosaurs?
Is fluoride toxic, and how worried should I be about it?
Trimming of tRNA precursors
What's the biggest obligate anaerobic organism discovered till now?
Why isn't phosphorus or nitrogen a limiting nutrient for animals?
Why do bananas turn black after some time?
Does a walk after a meal help with digestion?
Exercise vs stimulants, which is more effective for promoting concentration?
Neuronal Architecture of the Brain
How does a biologist decide when she has enough results to publish a paper?
Do axon grows after cutting/damaging of some of its part?
What is this snake
Fatty Acid Synthesis
Is there a superterm combining "animal line" and "cell line" in disease models?
Definition of Sexual Selection?
What is a sex-biased gene?
Distribution of fitness in wild populations
What is the difference between these terms: clade, monophyletic group and taxon?
If the top epidermal layer is burned away, what is it replaced with?
What is the evolutionary reason behind human preference for salty foods?
Restriction endonucleases are found in?
How was Restriction Site of EcoRI sequenced?
Help Needed Identifying Corvids
Why do we suffer abdominal pain after we get very angry or stress?
What is the best time to exercise
Are spiders part of the study of entomology?
Can jellyfish swim backwards?
What is inside IDL (intermediate density lipoproteïn)?
Feedback affecting myocyte metabolism in humans
What the difference between an inverted and everted retina?
Cancer growth and cell division
How are Maggots Sterilized (Disinfected)?
Relation between respiration and concentration of citric acid
Why are flies not scared when landing on a monitor with changing graphics?
Regulation of Cra protein level in E coli
Breathing under water
How much mechanical stress can a skeletal muscle bear?
How does yeast dissolve in sugar?
Genes, chromosomes, base pairs and the 23 pairs
Why do some fruits have their seeds disintegrated
Meaning of "auto" in trans autophosphorylation?
What is "bacto" peptone?
Blood groups - why is O the universal donor and AB the universal recipient?
Is the human body composition real?
mFOLD prediction result interpretation
Steps to confirm if predicted miRNA is good or bad
Biological advantage of electric synapses
Anti-parallel DNA code operons
A photosynthesizing mouse?
Bad Eyesight and Evolution
The parameter for setting the number of mismatches in standalone blast
Calculation of water potential
Conclusions from hybridization results
What do viruses do during incubation period?
What are some examples of evolving networks in biology?
How does the MMR vaccine affect lymph nodes in preventing measles?
downloading a reference genome for alignment
Are Night Parrots (Pezoporus occidentalis) really extinct?
Why don't warts caused by HPV spread to the whole body?
Blood consumption
Properties of Satellite Chromosomes
Can Alzheimer's disease be caused by Slow Prion infection?
How long does it take for memory to disperse after death?
Human female chest model or data representation?
Pharmacology Half Life Calculation
Can Rubella virus pass into brain stem?
Do Noroviruses include many families?
Why digest proteins into peptides for Liquid Chromatography - Mass Spectrometry?
Identify a bird
Error in textbook
Why can't intermediate filaments be used as tracks by motor proteins?
Implications of what the discovery of Naia means
What is this spider?
What is this spider hunting in the tree in the night?
Question about what the liver does NOT do
dsDNA translation
Why do veins look blue?
Plateletpheresis for hemophilia
Are there any organisms that lack ATP synthase?
Does a reduction in stem cells mean possible earlier death?
$F_{ST}$ and the genetic variance in metapopulations
$F_{ST}$ when considering a multi-allelic locus
Do primitive lymph nodes exist in 12th week embryo?
How do GPCRs transmit a signal across the plasma membrane?
Diffusion of Hypotonic solution into solution with glucose and starch
Why are different lengths of nucleotides taken for structure prediction from an miRNA match area after BLAST analysis?
Assumptions of the models for haploid and diploid selection
Have we ever observed two drosophila lineages that evolved reproductive isolation in labs?
Can a postsynaptic neuron 'shut itself off?
What do the Clustal Alignment Symbols Mean?
When infected with malaria, how many parasites are within a human host?
Alleles notation in SNPPedia criteria
What does "regulatory genomics" mean?
What is the definition of a stringent/relaxed plasmid?
Is the number of legs in myriapoda determined entirely by the genome?
Does urine therapy really work?
Activity of DNA glycosylase
How deep does water have to be so a mosquito can lay viable eggs in it?
What is in Mosquito bites?
How does the counter current mechanism concentrate urine?
I2D vs STRING for protein-protein interactions
Why the plants are not black but green?
Applying saliva to mosquito bites
How are cyclic hormones characterized?
Plant's phylogeny tree to identify which of them are closer (genetically) with another plant
Resting and action membrane potential..?
Is it possible to combine live attenuated and non-live vaccines?
Identify this large exotic bird spotted in Taipei, Taiwan
Protein structures given in PDB and SNP's
Is the default kmer 25 value in Trinity still ok for assembly of 150bp reads from Illumina HiSeq 2500?
What does "thermodynamic equilibrium" mean for an enzyme-substrate complex?
Religion and Genetics
Transportation of bacteria
Tap vs. mineral water for drinking
Are Lambic beers the product of quorum sensing?
What is the fastest but not venomous snake?
Why are there no tree-like plants that grow in lakes?
Is the tomato a very very close relative of the pepper?
Difference between flexion and contraction?
Epistasis Involving Multiple Loci
What exactly are "floaters"?
Valid comparison of gene expression between several genes in several cell lines
Is there an antagonistic association between Penicillium and Aspergillus?
What's the worst that can happen from eating too many spicy peppers? Can you die?
What is the biological function of nose, underarm, and pubic hair?
Why are some chemical dangerous to aquatic environment only?
Why are hens so different from other birds?
What happens to fecal matter if it's continually re-eaten?
Cancer cure statistics questions
How much vanilla will kill a person?
Anatomy suffixes?
Anaerobic respiration choice in E. coli
Why does the oxygen produced in the photosynthesis come from water and not carbon dioxide?
Regarding the NCBI FTP site
Why does low temperature make RuBP, GP and TP concentrations fall in Calvin cycle?
On which part of the DNA will the new DNA nucleotide connect?
Can we really 'discover' 85% of mammalian viruses?
How tolerant are ants to cold?
Single stranded DNA in gel electrophoresis
Solunar theory of animal activity
Can HIV be transmitted via breastfeeding?
Do women have testosterone?
How do a particular arrangement of atoms become self aware?
Can tubular secretion regarded as local hormone?
What is the focus distance of a 3D screen?
What are hot spots on human body?
How does guanidium denature DNA?
Breaking a gene during recombination
Silene virginica Endangered in FL
Does melatonin change the appearance of humans?
A question about the intersection of evolution and thermodynamics
alpha tubulin molecular weight problem
How many recombination events are there per generation in humans?
Why some neurons are tetraploid
Can TGF beta family induce all somatic stem cells?
What are the naming conventions for mutations of proteins?
Ni-NTA purification, problem with the chaperone protein
What is the best file format to store gel images?
How is the fluoride in toothpaste absorbed?
What does 'H' in BamHI stand for?
How does heat shock transformation work?
Local storage of NCBI database in MongoDB
How do penicillin resistant bacteria grow slower in the presence of penicillin?
Can botulinum toxin be grown or kept from denaturing in an UNWRAPPED 50 pound hay bale?
Is it theoretically possible to treat filaggrin deficiency with a dietary supplement?
What is Pan for in pan-caspase?
Science experiments at home with Minimal Cost
Electrodes in the brain and 'repetitive orgasms'
Prokaryotic Ribosomes
level of organisation of proteins
Do mitochondria use ATP in order make another ATP from glucose?
Why do flies fly in circles?
Has an artificial symbiotic relationship ever been created?
How specific is the adaptive immune response?
Is there a good explanation for this swarming pattern?
Equation for accurate prediction of PCR yield
Is there any measure by which the Germans today could be called a genetically superior race?
What is this red liquid produced by a fungal colony?
Confusion regarding seedless grape and the normal process of germination
What are these strings used to describe animals?
Does the most common definition of "allele" include a change in phenotype?
Are Asian people genetically predisposed to be shorter than Europeans?
Classification of degree of infested areas by pine processionary moth on regions
Is the sense for salt depending on the electrolyte level in our body?
How are minerals formed by biological processes?
difference between ischemia and oxygen-glucose deprived medium
What species of butterfly is this?
Why isolated, recombinant plasmid DNA without any restriction is often detected in agarose gel electrophoresis as three DNA bands?
What makes DNA helical?
How do climate and location affect the Pine Processionary moth?
Primers on Dystonia
Mode of inheritance - DYT1 Dystonia
What are the ecological effects of moderately high and prolonged concentrations of nitrogen deposition on an ecosystem?
What are garlic's effects on DHT?
Mechanism of antiperistalsis
What is the reason behind more severe proteinuria in nephrotic syndrome than in nephritic syndrome?
What is the scientific name of such a fungus?
dbSNP database table desciptions
Understanding the Amino Acids
Can lymph be in peripheral blood?
Pedigree analysis : autosomal or mitochondrial
What I can do in order to improve the folding of the protein?
Muscle force/energy relationship
Should the sum of RPKMs be constant over experiments
Questions regarding Scapulohumeral Rhythm
Ancestral Allele explanation
Identifying a spider from my childhood memory
Simultaneously using both hands - How does that work?
Are harmful gases abiotic or biotic factors in our environment?
Blosum matrix with probabilities instead of the positive and negative scores
Quantitative Comparisons of Phylogenetic trees
What is the difference between "cistron" and "gene"?
Reusable microarray chips
Where do butterflies sleep?
How Behind is the Human Mind (Latency of the Senses)
Thrombus and Embolii
Source of hydrogen in reduction of oxygen in electron transport?
Is WIFI safe for humans?
Could an annual plant be genetically modified to be a perennial?
Ion Channel gating
What's the difference between diuretic veggies and alcohol that make the latter bad?
What is doubling of genetic material invented in flowering plants?
How is information sent from the skin to the brain?
TB disease - treatment and infection
Which part of human eyes is getting tired?
Is epimysium same as fascia?
Where do trees get their shape?
Carbon Monoxide and High-Oxygen-Affinity Varieties of Hemoglobin
Are small CO₂ concentrations devastating to certain cognitive tasks?
Ribosomal Turing Machines, DNA/RNA computation
What are good sources of free-to-use images and diagrams
Are there critical points in ecosystems?
How to find a PDB structure of a protease with a peptide like inhibitor
How can cells produce antibodies despite error-checking mechanisms in their genomes?
What is the smallest known organism with a skeleton?
How do some plants grow in salt water, while others die?
What's the smallest organism that can produce voice?
Is there an 'anti-virus'?
Can the psychology of a person alter his immune system and health?
On evolution statistics
Is it possible to get infected with HIV from old blood?
What Aquatic Mammal has no Tail?
Which organs do cats not eat on their prey?
Which of the following demonstrates the pattern of development in Greylag Geese?
Why does max heart rate decrease with age?
what is the margarine metabolism in our body?
How can Taenia solium (tapeworm) lay 35,000 eggs per proglottid?
What causes headaches (biologically)? What does it mean directly?
Senescence, immortality and evolution?
Simple experimental design of a chemostat without pumps
Biosphere that simulates sun and moon shifts
What are some useful physical information of a protein?
Can human change its morphology or anatomy due to ecological changes?
What does irregular heartbeat mean in simple language?
Software to calculate Fst from sequence data
Weinman AIF and High temporal resolution AIF difference
Are all mutagens carcinogens?
Why aren't animals diverse in phenotype?
Essential amino acid codons
First RNA polymerase-mRNA
List of Asymmetric Animals
What Proteins Are Universal To All Life Forms?
Why are we carbon-based?
How much DNA of Albert Einstein is recoverable?
What E-value BLAST cut-off is best?
Loss of allelic variation per generation of full-sib mating
Is there any evidence for secondarily poikilothermic vertebrate?
Is it possible for neurons themselves to manifest cancerous behavior?
What is the purpose of back-crossing mice for multiple generations?
Can a heterozygous allele show non-heterozygous expression in a family?
Can (any) human cells learn?
Can skin become denser?
Calibration curve for single radial immunodiffusion
How does the Cuttlefish camouflage itself accurately despite being color-blind?
A question on ImageQuantTL
Investigating rare variants in ethnically different populations (European ancestry & African ancestry)
will an earthworm survive after covering its skin with a wet cloth
A question on exclusion of study participants for an Exome genotyping array
Theoretically, what technique would one use to modify a virus so that it only affected a subset of the population?
Species of this White Dove
What equipment would one use to modify a virus?
how can a pseudo coelomate like ascaris lay 200k eggs in a single day
What is Mycoplasma Lyo medium?
Anaphase Microtubule Disassembly
Theoretically, is domestication of (virtually) any animal possible?
Are there any cases of observed extreme speciation
Hiding identical sequences in NCBI web interface
Do females living on mountains have more RBCs than a normal male
FRET only works for interactions between 1nm to 20nm.
Which point mutations in proteins are OK, and which cause significant change?
Are insects attracted to near infrared light?
Specificity of Protein Kinases in Signaling Pathways..?
Kinesin-5 / cytoplasmic dynein spatial density distribution in neurons
Heterochromatin binding sites position information
Heterochromatin production limitations
If I squash an insect and it produces red "juice", does it always mean it is a blood-sucking type?
Why does temperature shock kill fish?
How can one create images like those in the PDB ‘Molecule of the month’?
Can insects feel pain?
Why are men stronger than women?
Convert gene name to uniprot ID
Database of Multicellular and Unicellular organisms?
Does a top heavy population grow, decline or stabilize?
Fast standing and the heart's insufficient accommodation of the increased venous return
can recessive alleles produce codominance?
How do we know the presence of light when our eyes are closed?
what is the biggest known functional distance between an enhancer and its target gene (TSS) in cis?
Soft and Hard selection
A question about IPTG induction
The pBR322 convention
What is the scientific name of this butterfly?
What bird makes this sound?
How does a woodpecker not give itself concussions?
How is Calcium regulated in myocardic AP and plateau phase?
Does tea have its effect if you have a sleep after drinking it?
What "emotions" can a snake feel?
Will ants arriving with travel luggage form a new colony?
Why the scent of mouth gets dirty after not eating for a long time?
Why does Hunger lead to the aggressive behavior?
How does boiling water revive cut flowers?
How does a stonefish get oxygen out of water?
Effect of testosterone hormone on cell signalling and behaviour?
Biology Analogy
Accuracy of genome size estimation by flow cytometry
border zone of the infarcted heart
Odds of Fusion of Chromosome #2
Do skull bones have pain nerves (nociceptors)?
regarding genetic disorders related to protein production
Assembling DNA fragments with ~10kb overlap in vitro
If two definitive ovums are fused will they form an organism?
Master Catalog of all Fossils / Literal Fossil Record?
What does the term 'modified residue position' in phosphorylation mean?
Efficiency of plasmid DNA isolation from frozen E. coli cell cultures
What is the name of this type of inflorescence?
does order of genes in a chromosome matter?
What is the difference between drought resistant non-succulent plants and plants that cannot be allowed to dry out?
How can I determine the sex of a tree seedling?
Do species which have a closer common ancestor to humans tend to be more intelligent?
Does myopia tend to decrease the risk for later hyperopia?
cerebral edema and blood pressure, pulse
How did the Chromosome #2 Fusion propagate?
How long does it take for a cell to synthesize an enzyme?
What is the outcome of a human population starting with only 2 individuals?
Will a vasectomy prevent genetic engineering of a child?
Stem cell that can pass through blood vessel
Phosphorylation alters structure: Specific Example?
Classify chemotherapy drugs?
which signalling pathway is involved in cancer?
Is there any research paper state the pros and cons for human to be taller?
How should I feed and keep an ant queen?
Are common eye defects inherited?
The move from RNA to DNA and the necessity of reverse transcriptase
Formation of peptide bond..?
Significance of synthesis of D-glucose in plants..?
In chromatin, what are the differences among states, interactions, and structures?
Currency metabolites vs. current metabolites: What's the right term?
How big can cold-blooded animals get?
Why are neutral [sterile] female flowers present in inflorescences when they are reproductively incompatible?
What is the name of this plant?
Is there any size limit to the amount of information a human (or other) brain can hold
What happens once a brain is full?
Is there a correlation between total neurons and intelligence?
Is it dangerous to eat a mutated eggplant descended from a radioactive ancestor?
Book recommendation on mammal (or just primate) behaviour, especially in relation to child-rearing
Regarding signalling pathways
Regarding apoptosis and inhibitors
Do ants feel acceleration?
Perspiration after drinking water
How to recognize a conserved motifs of the protein
How to know if your breathing is normal?
To what extent is it possible to understand if a bacteria can produce a protein? (in silico only!)
How does someone with red-green colorblindness see yellow on a monitor/television?
Which phylum appeared most recently
Turning publicly available genome data into proteins
What is the mechanism of monofunctional glycosylases?
What is the formal terminology for two species that are "close" to each other in a phylogenetic tree?
Remove RNAse from pipettes?
Total number of pleura in the exoskeleton of cockroach
Braquio-abduction illusion explanation and references
DNA barcoding, querry regarding tree based (cluster) methods for species identification
Do Ants have a sense of Direction?
How Ants know about Earthquake?
Will breathing through mouth result in any disorders?
What is the name of this flower with purple leaves and orange inner part in NYC?
What is the name of this yellow bumble bee that I photographed in New York City?
Mesoporous silica particles as anti cancer drug delivery method
Intuitive explanation for Kin- and Group- selection
What is this discarded exoskeleton from?
How did these apples grow together?
Can you measure ECG from a single location?
Is there a durable surface that ants can't pass?
Effect of steroid hormone on specific cells?
When a thought 'crosses your mind', does it literally cross between left and right cerebral hemispheres?
Is there any possible way that hybrids can mate?
How can you explain the origin of life out of nonliving matter (abiogenesis)?
What is the role of lamellar bodies in lung cells?
Inductance in cell
How to measure Na/K channel activation at the membrane level?
RNeasy Mini Kit low 260/230 ratio -- can I purify this RNA for further use?
Lost Ability to Regenerate Body Parts during the Transition from Amphibians to Mammals
Start studying mathematical biology from basics
Sugar as a defence against bacteria?
Why doesn't honey spoil quickly?
How to use Autodock just for (re)scoring
Why does skin sometimes suddenly itch when you stretch it?
How can I tell if regulation is at the transcriptional or translational level?
Does fasting improves immunity?
Where are the evolutionary "inbetweeners"?
Why are there species instead of a continuum of various animals?
How many abdominal sclerites would be there in a cockroach?
Supercomputer Vs Human Brain
More entropy: Atom or Macromolecule?
How does the frequency of a visual stimulus affect the steady-state visually evoked potential?
Question about the DNA glycosylase enzyme assay/formamide gel loading buffer
What is this black insect (wasp-like?) South America?
Schedules of mating for men
How much energy is required to blind someone?
Are there any air-plants with parts that are edible for humans?
How did the horned lizard evolve?
To what extent do domestic animals understand language?
How to make sure a stem cell culture is cancer free?
Why are mammals unable to produce Essential Fatty Acids?
Why does ant queen keep the eggs out of her hive?
What are some atypical examples of positive transcriptional cooperativity?
High frequency human genetic oscillators?
Can I identify this black ant queen?
Horizontal gene transfer versus convergent evolution
Location of nucleotide synthesis and transport
Identify this Harvestman
Can nosebleeds cause death?
Has anyone used Crispr/Cas to induce a knock-in in MEF cells?
Is humans' height ideal?
MOL2 to PDBQT conversion via OpenBabel and MGLTools removes hydrogen atoms
How much divergence would be needed for classifications as astrobiology?
How does sucrose protect bacterial cells in lysozyme solutions?
Can foxes move their ears independently?
How do ants know where they are going without eyes?
Why does cracking a joint make noise?
What attracts cells to: pathogens, professional antigen-presenting cells, and cells with an antigen on its MHC-1 protein?
How does Sodium Valproate cause neural plasticity
biologically speaking, what's the difference between sleeping and just resting?
Why does chewing enrage me?
Cross section of actin network in neurites
Microbial Fuel Cell Reaction
How do mushrooms react to being grown in a microgravity environment?
Is it possible to genetically modify a plant at home?
What causes morning wood?
Why are watermelons sweeter in the center?
Does a presence of ants on a plant mean that the plant has been infested by aphids?
Dark veil when getting up too fast
How many different protein coding genes are in the Human Biome?
Where can I find a list of common enzyme cofactors and/or co-enzymes?
Re-solidify disturbed agar plates
Why do we feel cold on having fever?
Gender and age-specific mutation rate in plants
Why does crying lead to a running nose and reddened nose tip?
What does hemozoin do?
What is the female equivalent of the morning erection that some men experience?
What limits the speed of human perception?
How can flies sense mirrors?
Is there some genetic variance underlying music appreciation?
Hypersensitivity Simultaneously in Ear canals
Does documentation exist that shows the evolutionary connection between common horses and the okapi?
Why do Mangoes have a single large seed, and not multiple small ones?
Any relevant knowledge/studies about voluntary goose bumps
Can neurotransmitter depletion cause short-term drug tolerance?
Why doesn't Clopyralid damage cool season lawn grasses?
How does MSMA kill crabgrass with only minimal damage to lawn grasses?
How does Halosulfuron-methyl kill nutsedge, while leaving lawn grass and most weeds undamaged?
Breakdown of energy expenditure at the level of a single cell
Why does a housecat (or other predator) play with it's food before killing and eating it? Does it make the food taste better?
Why are particulate matter toxic to humans?
Genetically improved *Leucaena leucocephala* seeds
Scale up of Bacterial growth from 250mL to 1-5L?
What is LD50 for 25i (25I-NBOMe)?
Periods of Heavy Speciation
bacterial cell wall degradation in humans
Does a non-extinct gliding species of bird exist?
Can non-carbonated energy drinks boost alcohol intoxication?
Viagra for pain management
Is there any completely Computation Drug ever launched in market?
Is pork poisonous?
Where do flies go?
Why is too much glucose harmful?
Age of shells on beach
Verifying Protein Folds
If penis reconstruction from a clitoris is possible why isn't penis enlargement possible?
About molecules and their shape
What kind of microscope for ML/biological research?
How are new staining protocols designed for microscopy?
Where do the 31 spinal nerves start/meet?
What happens to lactic acid I eat?
Why doesn't Fenoxaprop-P-ethyl damage cool season lawns?
How can a plant resist glyphosate (Roundup) herbicide?
Why doesn't the herbicide 2,4-D damage lawn grass?
Facultative Cannibalism?
How to operate a microtome?
What is wrong with this analogy: Individuals are to alleles what governments are to individuals
How do taenia form a species?
Why does the sacrum fuse together?
Differentiating Taenia solium and Taenia saginata Infections
Do women experience more bonding hormones than men after sex?
Why are there so many sex determining systems in animals
How common is it to be pregnant with periods?
Teens concerned about impregnation through clothes
"Same" DNA vs genes
what would be the scientific name of this variety of dove
What is the core mechanism behind neuroplasticity?
Why do pigeons kill their chicks when touched by a human?
How to remove bad lanes in ImageJ Westernblot analysis
Recommended sequence clustering algorithm for transcriptome data
Is there evolution in humans since the first homo sapiens sapiens
Is there a realistic "family tree" model for the human population?
What does salt do to styes?
Mammal body density
What is the state-of-the-art algorithm for multiple sequence alignment?
Standard datasets for testing new multiple sequence alignment algorithms?
Is the human collarbone supposed to break?
What exactly does adaptive mean?
No digested product bands, but markers are visible. What could be the reasons?
Conservation Genetics - Book recommendations
What kind of skull is this?
What organism most efficiently converts a given quantity of mass into heat?
Why is assembling paired end illumina without any input parameters an important problem?
What makes certain obligate anaerobes viable in fermentation starter cultures?
How do I read a sequence logo?
Questions about the Evolution Theory
Based on which criteria should i choose the control sample to calculate delta_delta_Ct
DNA is charged negative. Where is all the positive charge in my body?
How to measure trajectory regularity?
Books for biology,popular but rigorous?
naturally occuring fatty acids
Why don't animals produce alcohol
How are HSPs identified in UCLUST
Why doesn't the human skin grow back exactly how it was before being damaged?
Cicada Killer Behavior
Why do humans seem so much more prone to disease than animals?
What is the specific use of a capsule in E.coli?
Is there an evolutionary purpose to armpit perspiration?
Leaves not liked by herbivores
What is a "scutella of reindeer"?
Is this pCAMBIA co-transformation possible?
What is the biological principle of this "holotropic breathwork" technique?
Are there any arboreal mammals which eat leeches?
Where does extra blood come from to fill your muscles during exercise?
Which species were first described by Charles Darwin?
Extinction of species
Is it true that viruses cannot be seen with phase-contrast microscopy?
Can butterflies still fly after their wings are touched?
Why Did 6 Great Ape Species Survive But Only 1 Hominid Species?
How to selectively download 3 fields from every record in UniProtKB?
Possible reasons for DNA getting stuck in well
Bohr effect in respiration
Animal altruism?
Why does the pET- expression vector contain a LacI gene additionally to the one in the genome?
What if a Point Mutation is seen in only half the coverage for its location?
What would be the scientific name of this worm
Is there a difference between endorphins that are released while physical activity and sex/masturbation?
How is photosynthesis observed?
Can we attack viruses by attaching proteins and such to their shells?
Mechanism of DNA gyrase inhibitor
Regarding apoptosis and turning it 'back on'
Could the growth rates of Vibrio vulnificus be affected by an oil spill?
is it necessary that every theca of an angiospermic anther must contain two microsporangia
Is this ladybird larva secreting a protective fluid?
Waste generation by embryo
Why was the Davson-Danielli model rejected?
How are DNA segments selected in PCR?
Datasets of aligned nucleotide sequences
Relationship between mN and mg in vessel contraction studies?
X-inactivation in ovaries
Can a broken thumb/finger bone not require realignment of the bone?
Dataset of microscopic images before and after staining?
What could cause no pain but sense of touch?
Are efflux pumps mutations or are they originally present in N. gonorrhoea?
Human Evolution in Modern Times
What is the purpose of DNA?
Could habitat selection pattern be deformed in environment with low variability?
Is dried grain dead or dormant?
Why are high levels of epinephrine and low levels of cortisol signs of stress?
Microscope scale bar
Machine learning for light microscopy -- problems to solve?
Can you measure plasma glucose with a regular glucose meter?
Convergent evolution of fruits
What's the purpose of colorful mushrooms' caps?
Which turtle species was on board the Iranian Space Agency launch in 2010?
For how long can a person drink sea water?
What is the name if this glittery fly seen in Pittsburgh?
determine longest poly-purine tract
What is the chemical process involved in human hairs changing colour after sun exposure?
Potential evapotranspiration constant for trees in the area of London
Calculation of the bacterial growth rate from a spectrophotomer growth curve
Is an Eidetic Memory (or other unusual forms of memory) less susceptible to anterograde amnesia?
why does blood when oxidized over time become bluish green?
Do identical twins have the same fingerprint?
Is the heterotroph hypothesis universally accepted?
Standard Process Identification of New Disease outbreak Causing Pathogen
How is the GenBank used in typical biological research?
What is the name of this plant with many purple blooms with orange inner parts?
Organisms in food deposits
Does CPH4 exists?
If evolution is a gradual and continuous process, how can we say humans came about 200k years ago? What is so special about that point in time?
Consumption of NAD+ in glycolysis
Can you identify this bird?
Why do oncogenes show genetic dominance?
What are the buoyancy control mechanisms of Chambered nautilus?
What fraction of biomass is cultivated by humans? Have we increased the number of large animals?
Why extract DNA from certain white blood cells instead of whole blood?
Differential Scanning Calorimetry for bacterial membranes
Concentration dependent cellular processes
The smell from eating asparagus
What are the main differences between lab-grown tissues and natural tissues from living animals?
Evolution of umbilical cord and reason of its elongation
How was the cama's life expectancy computed?
What are possible reasons for a DNA template not giving amplification?
Difference between intervertebral and vertebral foramina
Why is oxygen needed for the electron transfer phosphorylation?
Can ants learn things?
What is an effective method for putting on blue rubber butyl stoppers?
are sperms considered living
What are the benefits of statins in terms of prolonging life?
How does strength of a pulse related to EKG(ECG)?
DpnI over-digestion
What regulates the timing of the motion of molecular machines during DNA Replication?
Periodic Muscular Growth in Humans
What is the biding site code recognized by the parts of the spliceosome
A Genetic linkage problem
Assembly reconciliation
Can a bacteriophage be used to treat bacterial diseases?
Can a plate with incompletely filled LB agar be used?
What does this Barbary Macaque facial expression mean?
In practice, do fishes die from old age?
What is the point of having evolved two nostrils?
DNA extraction from agarose gel
Where can I find the pMON7124 plasmid sequence?
Using RNA-seq to compare gene expression across patients instead of between Control and Experimental conditions
Human body control?
Spider identification
Why isn't vomit corrosive?
Is there any relationship between heartbeat rate and life span of an animal?
Mitochondria - are they really separate organisms that once merged into eukaryotic cells?
Do human anal glands have any function?
How much time does it take a human body to replace all of its atoms?
Percentage of mutations caused by radiation?
Is there a more updated version of the book "Genome?"
Why are recombination rates increasing in mammals?
What is a good identification key for European mushrooms?
Can the negative afterimage appear only if there is light or is it possible in darkness?
positive and negative feedback
Why ml scale blood retrieval is required to run a blood test?
Why is high fructose corn syrup unhealthy?
What are the dimensions in angstrom of bacteria?
Why does replication require primers while transcription does not?
Compatibility drugs info
Why do obese people tire quickly?
Can anyone identify this bird?
EM Brainwaves VS Brain Wave (EEG)
Do I need to use the same WT C57BL individual for back-crossing or can I use a new one for each generation?
Is this a plant or a fungus?
Pectinase Enzyme Assay
What is the functional significance of the difference in cardiolipin/cholesterol ratio in different membranes?
What are the minimal chemical requirements for a food which we all can eat?
Gastro-intestinal physiology reference
Do human neurons in a petri dish do different things from chimpanzee neurons
Why some muscles have more tendons than others?
What class of histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor is sodium valproate (VPA)?
Does a woman's G-spot actually exist?
Do snail shells increase the number of rounds with age?
Hoechst red and blue spectra - what does the red emission tell us?
What is the smallest scale at which blood vessels, nerves and other structures are deterministic?
What is an Ihh-/- mouse?
Would it be possible to force the pineal gland to release dimethyltryptamine on command?
Do flies actually take off backwards?
Do bees make honey from fallen fruit?
How do I perform recurring pattern mining or regular expressions of nucleotide sequences?
Is there a difference between drinking water straight from the tap compared to leaving it to sit?
Duplicity Vs. Singularity of Mammals Organs
What is the fastest growing bacterium?
What happens to bones that do not heal?
Does the fossil record disprove Evolution?
What are the effects of sleep deprivation?
What is the mechanism of oxygen uptake in E. coli?
Where I can find information about the study of animal vision?
What does the term 'epitope mapping' mean?
Pollinator mating system in orchids
What can myelination tell you about the evolution of sensory receptors?
Is severe but short-term pain worse than moderate but prolonged pain for the body?
How can oxygen production during photosynthesis be measured?
What is a protective epitope?
sex limited genome transmission
What are the atmospheric requirements for large dinosaurs?
Can humans survive without consuming life?
Is there a known minimal stretch of DNA that can distinguish any two people in the world?
When did CRISPR/Cas9 evolve and what is the likelihood that a superior system for live cell genome editing has already evolved on earth since then?
Null distribution of Blomberg's K
Is oxidative phosphorylation less efficient in gram positive bacteria?
How do Type I restriction enzymes work?
What is the name of this big plant with a purple trunk and green to purple berries?
What is this beetle?
Why do pine stands exist?
Is the water transpired by plants pure H₂O, or does it contain trace minerals?
Alfred Jost's rabbit experiment: how did he actually do it?
What triggers the release of gonadotrophin-releasing hormone with the onset of puberty?
How to estimate the DNA density in human sperm head?
Regarding the difference between cDNA library and RNA sequencing (Biochem. technique)
multiple HIV infection in same T cell
(How) can a pink grasshopper exist?
What is the ratio of breathing rate to heart rate?
Why isn't Bubonic Plague as virulent as it once was?
Why has grey hair evolved?
Do alternative start codons code for methionine after transcription?
Sansevieria species specification needed
How do I interpret this graph regarding introduced genes and virus-infected cells?
Applying drugs to brain via scalp (transdermal)
Why was disease transfer to the Americas one-way?
Subtypes of Acute myeloid leukemia
How to measure the total number of cells in an average human body?
How much are phase-contrast and dark-field microscopy used in biological research?
How much does a typical biologist know about signal processing, machine learning, and (theoretical) computer science?
Does bioluminescence communcation occur on macroscopic level?
Rhizosphere vs. Endorhiza?
what is the modern, molecular explanation of independent assortment of alleles?
Western Blot: Fischer ECL substrate 2:1 instead of 1:1?
Is mammalian vision processed as a sequence of frames?
Deduce length order of 4 decapeptides based on the Ramachandran plot
Calories burn rate calculation — scientific studies
Main mechanism of the evolution of sexual dimorphism
Looking for protocol to produce a drosophila primary cell line
Global Acidification or Warming
What would happen if a person had the right side of their body totally removed (including the brain)?
Enzyme Assay, absorbance change to concentration change
What should be the distance between plant promoter and gene?
How do nicks in the DNA strand affect the success of Long Range PCR?
How to identify the genes that distal enhancers pair?
NMR spectroscopy detection methods for proteins
Is it possible to convert nerve signals or electrical pulses into a readable format?
Modelling how much cadmium a cell will be able to chelate with phytochelatins
19th century Latin species description
Does E. coli survive at any pH level?
can a bacterial protease inhibitor cocktail be used for Western Blotting involving HUVEC cells and HT-29 adenocarcinoma cells?
Can viruses that normally infect eukaryotic cells also infect bacteria?
What is this creature?
What is a membrane potential?
Does osmosis take place in prokaryotic cells?
Can microdialysis be made in Drosophila melanogaster?
What is the best current understanding of how yeast transformation works?
How are isopotential maps computed from EEG channel data
Microsatellite shifts (peak calling) GeneMapper! Thesis help!
Genome-wide methylation analysis: sources of technical error?
Pharmacokinetics: why do certain drugs follow zero-order kinetics?
Does isolation have any effect upon mouse behavior?
Evolution of sexually concordant genetic variation on the X-chromosome
Premise of life cycle synchronization between predator and prey
Is there a specific word for bacterial death?
Does scratched Teflon coated frying pans contain carcinogens which can cause cancer?
Why are human children more likely to get lice (nits) than adults?
Is it essential to add cholesterol to agar or liquid culture for C. elegans?
Pharmacology: Drug Administration
Is there any evidence that soft tissue can be preserved for 65m+ years and if not what hypotheses exist to explain it?
Can ants sense food from a long distance?
Species identification, tree from Ecuador
Is there a biological mechanism for evolution encoded into our DNA?
Why has our nose evolved with the nostrils facing down?
What is the importance of hydrogen bonds in water? and other questions:
Propensity Score for amino acid
Collective name for the X- and Z-chromosomes
It is possible for person with AIDS be negative for HIV antibodies?
Are retroviruses cytotoxic?
Synthesis of Fatty Acids Longer than 16 Carbons
Applying Constraint Programming to sequence alignment/analysis
How many Type II restrictions enzymes are currently available (commercially)
Where to find the corrected BLOSUM matrices?
How do tight junctions in stratified squamous epithelia affect nutrient supply?
What is the expected effect of pH on the activity of a fungal pectinase?
Localization of B and T cell
If someone were to die on the moon, would their body decay?
Is greed an evolved trait?
Is plastic just as good for you as corn?
Heterozygosity and the Wright-Fisher model
What causes skewed ladder bands on an agarose gel?
How long does it take for a hard clam (Mercenaria mercenaria) to reach sexual maturity?
Why do rabbits often have white hindquarters?
Has it been confirmed yet that the DNA found in dinosaurs was really DNA?
Immunodominant Peptide
Is epilepsy more heritable from maternal side?
Do the eyes play any role in producing the visual experiences you have during dreaming?
Does chromosomal crossover result in a mutation?
Identification of this insect
What is this fuzzy, black fungus that grew on my plates in the 4⁰C room?
Alternative protocol for evaluating RNA integrity, using a bleach gel
Why can't you just take a vitamin? Why you need a healthy diet on top of that?
What is this vinca like vine?
Why do we absorb vitamins better from whole foods than from pills?
Why is the current Ebola outbreak different from previous outbreaks?
How is it that ionic diffusion is independent of other ions?
Which sex is homogametic in side-blotched lizards?
How do birds influence brood sex ratios?
Negative role of Placenta
What is the classification for animals with full tube digestive tracts?
Did Darwin ever reach the conclusion that selection will remove variation?
What about a bat's immune system protects them from Ebola?
What roles do cyclooxygenase, lipoxygenase, and epoxygenase have in signal transduction?
What does "Mutational Variance" mean?
Is there a difference between any of these terms for proteins: "crystal structure," "NMR structure," "solution structure," and "complex structure"?
What's the mechanism behind 'losing heat through your extremities'?
Origin of the 260/280 ratio?
Protein Isolation from mammalian cells
Why can't NMR be used on large RNA molecules?
How does Natural Selection shape Genetic Variation?
Why do moths not die when they fly into a window?
Microarray probe and target
Degenerate Alignment Analysis
Complementarity Determining Regions (CDRs)
What does it mean to perform in vitro experiments with mutant bacteria?
Why does a blood test show ethanol when no alcohol was consumed?
Why do we weigh less in the morning?
Why is it that bacteria and fungi cannot develop resistance against essential oils?
What is the difference between second and third generation sequencing
What would cause crows to be attracted to a human body?
How does core-conductor model correspond to an actual neuron?
What good is the MinION?
Is there a medical condition in which you can't cut your hair?
Can you change your gut microbiota by changing your diet? Would that affect calorie uptake?
Chromatids in metaphase?
Definition of "Effective population size"
How efficient is the human body at metabolizing food?
Do river sharks (genus Glyphis) have reduced rectal glands for salt removal?
DNA Fingerprint
Conscious evolution
Do bacteria die of old age?
What is meant by drug tolerance?
Importance of knowing GC Content of an organism
Why do I see so many handicapped dorbeetles?
what is the function of satellite in a chromosome?
SEREX serological analysis of cDNA expression library
Enzyme Assay - pectinase
Is this a grackle with an unusually long decurved bill (Phoenix AZ, USA)
Why Hasn't my Cactus Grown Deadly Spines?
What kind of spider is this? And is it dangerous? (photo)
Can a single axon propagate multiple simultaneous action potentials?
Influence of temperature on transcription, protein binding and decay rates
Integration of several environmental signals
Effect of 260/230 values on PCR
Is the mutation rate in organisms in general consistent over the genome?
where to find the relative frequency distribution of synonymous codons
Does human eye lens have a magnification of its own?
Chest muscle and female breast size
Do ants or other insects sleep, and if so why?
XXY (Klinefelter's) & Trisomy 21 & X-inactivation
Difference between thylakoids and lamellae in a chloroplast?
Nucleotide sequence for STRING protein sequence
Why sleep? No, actually, why wake?
What would happen if one eats silica gel?
DNA extraction from oil-containing seeds
Are there known downsides to removing UV mutation hotspots to prevent some skin cancers (Genetic sunblock)?
Transcription rate expressed in microarray per hour
Influence of temperature on protein binding and decay rates
Can mosquitos bite in self-defense?
Fire Ant Behavior
How is the rate of transcription influenced by temperature?
Why do birds move their heads abruptly?
Why doesn't water enter my body through my anus or genitals when swimming?
How much time is required between repeated exposures to sun to prevent sunburn
Why is defibrillation in asystole ("flat line") useless?
How does one determine intracellular concentration?
Why do I only breathe out of one nostril?
Components of the concept of Developmental Noise?
Why is lead dangerous?
Simulating Drug Entry in Protein and binding?
Hair loss in a nuclear submarine?
VMD set molecule as top using script
What is the use of shampoo; is it for the hair or for the scalp?
What are the molecular mechanisms behind tachyphylaxis (downregulation of receptors in response to an agonist?)
Does "Garbage Enzyme cleaner" contain cleaning enzymes?
Appropriate Buffer for electerophoresis of DNA & Protein TBE or TAE?
Do the eggs for larger litters come from the same meiosis events, or different ones?
brain activity responsible for imagination
Why do we use DNA sequencing methods such as shotgun?
Highest Pressure Human Body Can Survive In?
What is the point of DNA sequencing?
Why do I breathe out of BOTH nostrils?
How does temperature influence the rate of protein degradation?
Why is gastric lavage considered to be helpful only if a patient comes to a hospital within 1 hour of a toxic ingestion?
Oxidation means inflamation?
Name of This Black and White Dove
Help identify this awesome climbing plant with velcro like stem
Effect of extremely hard water on marine life?
The evolutionary process in bird wings, especially with regard to winglets
How do animals lose heat?
RNA-Seq library construction challenges: the biases of RNA fragmentation vs cDNA fragmentation
Cross-integration of puma subspecies populations
Vitamins located closely under the peel?
Did spiders respond to light for building webs before artificial light was invented?
Which process is needed to complete male reproductive development?
Why do baby mammals tend to play?
Kinesiology Tape Benefits
Question about microaerophilic parasite tolerance for oxygen
How many water molecules will be generated when single nucleotides are used to make this RNA: 5’-UUAACCGUCAG-3’?
Manufacturing of Bio Molecules
Question about flavodiiron protein
Plotting metabolic networks?
Could this Francobelgian comic book woman really have these 4 diseases at the same time?
How are drug metabolism and detection related?
What's the longest transcript known?
MHC restricted peptide
Does unequal dominance mean the X-chromosome should be a coldspot for antagonistic variation?
What is MHC haplotype?
Difference between sequential and conformational epitope
Affinity isolated peptide
What is the "Spandrels" debate about?
Is it possible to calculate the energy required to speak a word?
Exclusive microtubule minus-end labeling
What is the difference between regular blood, a woman's and a virgin's menstrual blood?
What is the difference between clinical and non-clinical depression, and is there a term for different severity of the bipolar disorder?
How closely related are two parasites Giardia intestinalis and Trichomonas vaginalis?
Why aren't introns found on the ends of pre-RNA?
Are there any drawbacks to having a fixed-Köhler microscope?
Linkage disequilibrium D sign
Is intron removal coordinated?
How can I download a gene sequence from GenBank (NCBI)?
Does gray/white hair turn gray/white from a normal hair? or does a gray/white hair actually grow gray/white originally?
Why are there seven entries for Pimpinella dioica in the Catalogue of Life?
Meta-analysis of fruits in blocking Cytochrome family
What is hTAP?? Please help
Data Bias in protein-protein interactions data
Encephalitozoon cuniculi
Defining dominance and selection in these formulae
force required to do damage to child's leg/feet in collision
What keeps the resting potential of neurons constant at -70 mV?
Question about *Cryptosporidium hominis*
How long does a mosquito take to land on a host, bite, and fly off?
What is Colloidal biology and does it have any scientific background?
Can diseases be transmitted wirelessly?
How can I text-mine full-text articles from PubMed?
How do I prepare a solution? (Calculation)
What is the most critical step of plasmid purification?
PDB file SEQRES have different data?
Fermentation to acetic acid
An unknown band appearing in my gel electrophoresis
How to automate this custom gene expression microarray chip?
Why doesn't the cell membrane just...break apart?
Question about mutation of multiple nuclei?
Is there a metabolic pathway that generates methanol?
aspartame in relation to generating methanol
Effect of alcohol on parasites
How does Temperature influences the rate of protein turnover?
Do biological facts determine when a human fetus is considered alive and human?
Why can't the immune system start at the mating time?
Can we influence evolution by teaching primates to control fire? Should we?
Regarding cellular self-destruction
epitope prediction/ mapping
Where do lost membrane proteins go after exocytosis?
How fast do cancer cells divide (compared to normal cells)?
Meiosis I or II
Evolutionary support for parenting book "The happiest baby on the block"
3 end RNA seq library construction
Fisher's Geometric Model for Dummies
Transmembrane Protein Problem
Regarding inherited fertility in animals
What is the Baculovirus and how does it help in research?
Is there any research on how accurately people can follow a beat?
Why can't a corn cob have 13 rows of seeds?
Did the Britons 100 years ago have different intestinal flora and fauna?
What is the physiological difference between cortisone and cortisol?
peptide MHC microarray
Immunomic Microarray
BLASTn vs ORF tools
Books for beginners
Determining and Differentiating specific ATPases
How is it possible to even hope for an ebola epidemic of this current size to remain contained to a relatively small part of Africa?
How can I determine the purity of cells isolated from rat brains if I cannot use FACS, Immunohistochemistry or SEM anaysis?
How the conjunctivitis virus spread just by seeing a person's eye who is infected
Distance matrix with different length sequences
Why do spiders have a leaf at the bottom of a piece of web?
Would oxygen levels be stable without photosynthesis?
Vitamins that could help "make us smarter"?
Why don't we develop immunity against common cold?
What are the application areas of Pattern formation studies specific to biology?
How does isopropyl alcohol disinfect less in higher concentration?
Why does botulinum toxin seem to be more dangerous to humans than to other mammals?
What is this woodlouse doing?
Can two Hfr strains of E. coli conjugate?
Mutation-drift equilibrium and among loci variance in heterozygosity
How does Pothos grow in only water?
Is there an association between environmental and mutational robustness?
What do you see when your eyes are closed?
Why is green fur not a thing?
TV's so loud when I turn over
Which factors may affect a choice of an oviposition place in nocturnal moths?
How many humans have been in my lineage? Is it almost the same for every human currently living?
Is the quality of sleep dependent on sleep duration?
Where do the electrons and protons formed from biological reactions go?
What Causes Shin Splints?
What governs the size of animal bodies?
Answer the questions in one word with help of clues and images given
What's the duration between the binding of adrenaline to β-AR and the first translated protein?
How do Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus bulgaricus precipitate the curd of swiss cheese?
How many times can a human get chicken pox?
Does this "fleeing spiders leaving fields of webs" phenomenon have a name?
Troubleshooting SDS-PAGE of trypsin-treated BSA
Where can I upload non-human Genotype data?
Evolutionary motivation behind number of neurons in DCMMP
Does every wave length of UV kill bacteria?
Definition of "structural underdominance"?
How and why did mammals go back to the oceans?
Do couples having children later in life act as an evolutionary mechanism?
Which C. elegans would be appropriate for general study?
How does the human body use energy?
Is there any way the food industry can benefit from biofilms?
What does it mean to have different "metabolism"?
Is body energy production and consumption cyclical?
What is this tissue?
What is the biological reason for a burst appendix being potentially lethal?
Why is Psoriasis treated with Cortisone, when stress (which releases Cortisol) is known to aggravate the condition?
Need to make a library of mammalian coding sequences
Thermochemistry of gabapentin
recolonize earth desert with plants : which plants first?
Can Mono-Cell or other organism self-replicate?
What are the ways to test for protein in the canine urine?
Hormones and body mass
Creating Sperm via cell culture adaptation
How likely is it that through dog breeding, tail-wagging has been disassociated with happiness?
How to calculate relatedness in haplodiploid organisms (mainly full sisters and full brothers)?
Does Spinning dancer has anything to do with your eyesight
Among xerophyte plants, which one grow faster and consume water the least?
Why do different pain killers have different effects on people?
What is this microscopic image from Peter Gabriel's New Blood album cover?
Are there anatomical differences between male and female mammal brains before action of hormones?
Modeling intracellular interactions between sender and receiver bacteria
Mechanism of Muscle Growth
Mechanisms of bone growth
What do you call a virus when it's cured?
Receptors for red and far-red light in plants: Shade avoidance
What is a catalytic domain of an enzyme?
What is the difference between a DPY-10, DPY-11, and DPY-13?
What is the meaning of this poor sequencing result?
genomatix software linux install
Warm water bath
Do humans have the hyaloid canal, after all?
Why are hard boiled eggs so homogeneous?
Some sort of Lymantriidae caterpillar?
How well understood are the long-term effects of nuclear radiation?
At what rate do chromosomal rearrangements occur?
How are arms different than legs?
Bowtie: cannot read fasta file?
How were the synaptic areas identified in the somatic sensation pathways?
Safety of cobalt-chromium and nickel-chromium dental implants
Regarding cancer cells and telomeres
Does a pregnant female body treat the fetus based on gender?
How does myopia develop, exactly?
What percentage of DNA do people share?
How come degraded eyesight still holds with a mirror?
Why would yeast grow but not produce alcohol?
About excessive cellular growth
Why is menstruation in wild animals not a disadvantage to organismal survival?
Is Sugar a stimulatant or a weak sedative?
Are triglycerides fat?
Is carbohydrate an important part of phospholipid?
Definitions of robustness and canalization
Bacterial Cell Problem
Regarding the kingdom Animalia, which phylogenic tree is more common: Molecular Comparisons or Body-Plan Grades
What are typical values for bone mass in humans?
Biology Experiment Data (Hodgkin-Huxley)
What is the difference between a fixed substitution and a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP)?
What is the evolutionary explanation for bat's echolocation
What percent of your blood can you lose before you need a transfusion
Does applying sugar to the tongue taste buds releave sugar withdrawal symptoms?
Short, concise, practical manual for doing experimental biology
Are the cpli and ctli tests time senstive(i.e. is it needed to test right away in order to get accurate results)?
What is the context in which a species gets the name "elegans"
What bird species is this? (Heron-like waterfowl from China)
What is the difference between osmotic potential and osmotic pressure?
Why do some cuts leave scars, while others do not?
Can you disconnect sensation from the brain without destroying muscle functions?
Why don't mammals have more than 4 limbs?
What is the mechanism responsible for the 'delay' in delayed rectifier potassium channels?
About animal ecology and one view of this in science fiction
Why do we suddenly forget things, like PIN or phone numbers, that we've known for years?
Does a bigger breast give creamier milk?
How long does a signal from the brain take to reach the limbs?
5,6-dihydrouracil and 5,6-dihydroxyuracil - how they arise in DNA?
Which types of blood vessels can regenerate in humans/mammals?
How can I find a complete human genome file
Evolutionary reasoning behind redundancy of CST and RuST
Can I use grayscale images when working with ImageJ?
Is human vision sensitive to frequency or wavelength?
Can ovulation and menstruation occur simultaneously?
Sequence based method for prediction of continuous B cell epitope
Can the Donnan effect be reversed so phospholipids follow ions?
Epitope annotated protein
Somatic Mutations in meristem tissue in plants
Why can't neurons undergo cell division?
Can you get enough water by eating only fish?
What determines the autumn leaf color?
Horned Mohawk looking insect. What is it?
Is ebola non-contagious until symptoms appear? Why?
How TCGA CNV values are calculated?
How to identify genes?
Can Galactose be synthesized with photosynthesis?
programmatic fast search of 100-1000 short reads to a public server and obtain list of nearby genes
are the spontaneous generation and evolution the same idea but in a different time scale?
What happens when you mix type A with type B blood (and v.v)
Stardust or the elements in our bodies
Mechanisms of Flagella
What is the scientific opinion on plus lens therapy?
Possibility of Human cloning
Questions about insects eating flour and living in the cracks of a wooden cutting boards
What is the mechanism responsible for the periodicity of hiccups?
protein-binding sRNAs
Why does K+ have more concentration inside of the cell compared to outside of the cell? Why is Na+ and Cl- the opposite?
To get Standard ECG from PhysioNet?
Can anyone remind me of the name for the inter-scapular space on the back?
What is a good source that will help me classify protists?
What makes living beings alive?
Whats the difference between voltage gated and ligand gated neurons?
How many proteins are synthesized in human body throughout life?
How does an embryo know where to grow limbs etc
PSI-BLAST website algorithm parameters
Is chloroplasts per cell indicative of the photosynthetic power of a plant?
About sharks and how they find fish
What's the difference between growing cells in culture and cloning them?
How many RNA-binding proteins can simultaneously bind on a single mRNA?
Fruit colour related to the dissolving of pectin
What's the evolutionary reason behind decussation?
Open Source Variant Caller comparable to GATK Haplotype Caller?
How do I put on a labcoat?
Just how dangerous is ethidium bromide?
How does fluorouracil inhibit pyrimidine synthesis?
Mutation-Selection-Drift Equilibrium
Are the DNA codon mappings arbitrary?
How do animals handle light refraction in different media?
Why proteinase K doesn't degrade itself?
What equation to compare protein isoforms in a Western Blot?
What are the psychedelic effects of (star) anise and how many people are affected?
Does drinking spoiled milk that has been boiled upset the GI tract?
Ebola: cleaning of protective suit
How do you visualize RNA on a gel?
All or nothing phenomena
Can the sensory neuron network and the motor neuron network be considered separate networks?
Fe(II) and Fe(III) transport from rhizosphere across plasma membrane
iodine: how did they manage without it in old ages? (People who were living far from the sea)
Why do small organisms make faster movements than big organisms?
Help me understand how the thyroid secretes
What limits our healing speed?
Why do our epiphyseal plates close up in our late teens or early twenties?
If DNA is the input, what is the output?
Does the Jungian notion of collective unconsciousness have any legitimacy in the light of modern neurobiology and epigenetics?
Are neural connections one-way?
Additive genetic variance components from LMER in R
Will an 11W UVC lamp kill bacteria?
Book-recommendation: Ethology
Evolution, What would the first plants have been like?
Why does some skin hold perfume longer than others
How does electrolarynx work?
Can anyone identify this caterpillar?
What is refractory proteinuria?
What studies are there showing the effectiveness of any substance on canine hypertension?
Simplest Biological Organism?
Neurons with thousands of connections: where are the extra connections coming from?
Mechanisms of extracellular stimulation of neurons
How do we determine a disease's incubation period?
Incomplete Dominance and Probability
How can I label cryotubes in a way that eliminates the problem of legible hand-writing?
Simulating substitution rate of neutral mutations
Identification of small fuzzy flying insect (pic)
What is the advantage to neurons being asymmetrical?
Can chitosan affect the absorption of unsaturated fatty acid?
Does NADH inhibit gluconeogenesis?
Are there any multicellular forms of life which exist without consuming other forms of life in some manner?
Can radiation equilevant to 1 CT (computer tomography) scan causes significant changes in human body?
Visualizing GFP in transgenic rice seeds?
Organisms using thermal energy as their sole energy source
Proteins with alpha helices alone and beta sheets alone?
Formaldehyde turns plantar region of feet red?
Preservation of human tissue
Active & passive transport question
Why would the stroma have a higher pH during photosynthesis?
Understanding the meaning of $s$ and $t$ in a population genetics equation
What are the side-effects of long-term liquid breathing?
What do we know about the cellular structure, processes, environment, and immediate ancestors of the last universal common ancestor (LUCA)?
How many traits can a multivariate breeders equation handle?
Do animals have social status as humans in our society?
The biology behind tree pruning and hedge trimming
Interpretation of graph from evolutionary biology
What are "anchor regions" in the human genome?
Do the light and dark reactions happen at the thylakoid?
What is meant by a muscle fiber being glycerinated?
Cell targets of Glybera
What is the scientific and common name of this bug?
When the mind is highly active, roughly how many neurons become excited in one second?
Recovering Coma patient with theoretical full knowledge of heart function
Effects of selection on effective population size
What is the result of meiosis?
Is the innate immune system capable of identifying all foreign antigens?
What would happen if there were no SOX9 in an XY human?
How do colds and flu not infinitely recur?
Is it possible for a child to grow taller than their tallest parent?
True or False: Vaccines are designed to protect against invaders that are encountered rarely, not all the time
Localization of Protein Kinase-A
Does adding antibiotic after 5-10 mins of innoculation affect the protein yield or growth?
Is Canine teeth enough evidence to prove that one is a Carnivore?
What is frank dehydration?
What is most ancestral: isogamy or anisogamy?
Ancestral states of sex determination system
Are there multicellular isogamous species?
Gibson assembly - primer design with A and T rich regions
Gene duplication and subfunctionalization
Can connections between neurons be weakened?
How does the brain avoid feedback loops?
Can sealed epiphyseal growth plates theoretically be restored via epigenetic or genetic methods?
How can ingesting a prion "infect" someone?
Why is coconut oil healthier when it has so much saturated fat?
How isolated are different areas of the brain?
Is the brain functionally symmetrical?
Can inverted microscope also be phase contrast microscope?
Why is the ebola virus so intense now?
What insect is this on the photos?
Are some facial features more important than others in human facial recognition?
Why is it better to drink room temperature water instead of cold water?
What (if anything) about tuberculosis makes producing a highly effective vaccine difficult?
Is there a known glucosepane cross-link breaker?
Why is it called "Ebola virus disease", not just "Ebola" or "Ebola disease"?
Do plants absorb toxins from the soil?
Cardiac Excitation Threshold - in C++ modelling
Why can't we smell our own bad breath?
What are some of the general characteristics of the DH5 alpha strain?
Where do migratory birds go when it rains?
Why can you not tickle yourself?
Exon skipping in mammals
Understanding intra and extracelullar concentrations (membrane potential)
Problems understanding membrane potential
Book-recommendation: Biochemistry
What are the risks of elevating the legs too regularly and when tired?
Does DNA replication in 5' to 3' (leading strand) need RNA primase?
What are the disadvantages of forbidding flights to and from the African Ebola region?
Can Hepatitis be caused by Bacteria?
How many cells are there in the apical meristematic tissue?
How long does the Ebola virus remain infectious on contaminated items or surfaces?
How does high-fidelity of DNA replication depend on the formation of hydrogen bonds?
How does protein denaturation work?
Why is gynodioecy common and androdioecy rare?
Alternatives to trypsin for cell detachment?
How to visualize the ECM?
Nystagmus drug FDA approval?
About the plight of Elephants and efforts to conserve them?
Regarding benign tumors and what 'stops' them
Are there organisms that have incorporated plastic into their lives?
What is the mechanism of reflex arcs?
Lateral corticospinal tract and termination
What are the genus and species name of different breeds of dog?
Why do we need red blood cells?
A good introductory book to histology?
Like size and colour constancy, why does the brain not maintain focus constancy?
Which immunosuppression caused by long-term usage of these antibiotics in untreated celiac disease?
How are chickens affected by light?
How does non-homologous end joining (NHEJ) work?
What is the difference between the basal membrane and the basal lamina?
What is the difference between rheobase and threshold?
What kind of fly is this?
How can I compare the STRIDE and DSSP output files of a particular pdb file?
Why is the vermis of the cerebellum associated with speech?
What is the name of the critter depicted in the attached image?
Hill's function for translational regulation
Which organs in the body are responsible for measuring temperature?
Help me understand my membrane potential assignment
Is there a maximum size for an insect?
Is the activity of enzymes in the human body affected by the outer temperature?
Burning fat transferred from one part of the body to another
How do kidney cells excrete their own wastes?
Dead skin cell decomposition
Why do I feel funny in my tummy when riding a virtual roller coaster?
Forum on synthetic biology and hypothetical biology?
Is there any research paper which identifies left and right brained behavior?
Alkaline Phosphatase
Are there birds with knees instead of elbows?
Molecular Cloning- Blunt end restriction endonucleases
Can "human exclusion zones" in national parks for preserving Wolves and Grizzlies be a good idea?
Why are the largest land/air animals today smaller than in the Mesozoic?
How reactive are reduced antioxidant molecules?
HIV and effectiveness of inhibitor cocktail over single inhibitor
What is the difference between eugenics and evolution by natural selection?
What are the sources of energy that alcohol provides?
How prominent is the gene-centric view of evolution among professional researchers?
Difference between medicinal caffeine and regular caffeine
Do you produce more sperm after 1 week of abstinence vs 1 year of abstinence
What is this beetle? Found in heather in snowdonia
Do gibbons have a monogamous sexuality?
Can you find malaria parasites in saliva?
Found a larva in my broccoli, is it a Small White (Pieris rapae)?
Using Canonical Correspondence Analysis on matrices with missing data
Niche differentiation in birds of prey
Is the Hypothalamus part of the Central Nervous System or Endocrine System
What causes a polypeptide to fold into an Alpha helix over a Beta pleated sheet
How non-invasive blood glucose concentration measurement work?
How non-invasive blood glucose concentration measurement work?
More extreme phenotypes when parents are from diverged populations
Physiology of benign eye twitching?
How do ants transport water?
Book recommended for neurobiology
Do all species have asymmetric female meiosis?
What kind of technology is required for plant seed DNA printing?
Nature Scientific Reports vs. BMC Genomics
Concentration of caffeine in physiologically relevant setting
What does the root "phyllum" mean used botanical binomial nomenclature
What enables azacitidine to incorporate into both DNA and RNA?
Are all functions of a human cell known?
Does trypsin strip flask coating?
To what extent is Ebola airborne? (aerosols)
Fate of erythrocytes after splenectomy
Is viral protein expression important for peptide vaccine?
Can a human cell live indefinetely in a controlled environment?
How is Microenvironment strictly defined?
How did aquatic dinosaurs go extinct?
Are added yogurt cultures harmful to the gut?
Please help me to identify this red worm
Does repolarization of muscle fibers mean that the muscle bundle is relaxed?
How to find miRNA binding sites on a specific gene?
What is the name of the condition where no pacemaker cells are active in the heart for a short-time?
Gastroenteritis virus causing mutation of the Enterochromaffin cells
What controls gut motility?
How fast can a human run?
What are the reactions in the body that triggers dizziness after cigar(nicotine) smoking in non-smokers?
Sequencing a specific region of a genome
Why do physicians try to match HLA complexes for organ transplant?
DNA methylation on the forward vs reverse strand?
What is happening physically when I get sleepy and when I wake up?
Earliest and latest onset of Huntington's Disease(Chorea)?
Identify the pink mold infecting refrigerated lemons
Redundancy of the genetic code
Does sociality evolved before or after the ability of motility?
How do the quantities of ATP formed during aerobic and anaerobic respiration compare?
Is it possible to simulate the effects of high altitudes for plants?
Hamming distance between two DNA strings
How exactly can dsRNA be introduced to a cell?
If hermaphrodite C. elegans can reproduce with females?
For how long can a raven stay airborne (a week or more)?
Are fish and reptilian scales homologous?
Poisonous plants, animals, mushrooms: is this always a kind of defense?
Why would an Eadie-Hofstee Plot be non-linear?
The gender of offspring of Twins?
How do C. elegans manage nutrition?
Functions of the CFTR gene?
Gene Therapy for Cystic Fibrosis
What is the H+ gradient in mitochondria?
Does too much Genetical Modification leads to formation of new species?
Why is the Krebs cycle considered a part of aerobic metabolism if molecular oxygen is not involved in any of the reactions in the cycle
Could transfusion of a different blood type cure blood-based cancers?
Does eating antacid (such as Magnesia) before meal have any impact on digestion?
What are the structual differences between DNA and RNA?
Why is Cysteine and Tyrosine used to calculate a sequence isoelectric point?
What is the difference between a phosphotransferase, a phosphatase, a phosphorylase and a kinase?
What are non-heritable changes to genomes?
What is the progressive evolutionary advantage that leads to flying?
Is this a valid definition of independent assortment?
What impacts penetrance of Huntington's disease?
Ways to measure effectiveness of a gene therapy trial?
Cells "grown in LB broth to an OD600nm"
How can histidine be classified both as positively charged and hydrophobic?
When writing about past research should I use the species name they employed or the modern version?
What is the difference between embryology and developmental biology?
Any databases with AAMI ECG and ECHO?
How to define "Quasifixation" in continuous approximation of finite population?
How can we calculate the minimum sustainable number of the panda population?
Physiological function of CFTR gene product?
What is the most recent well-attested common ancestor of chimpanzees and humans?
How does anadromous fish physiology "know" to switch from salt to freshwater and back?
Does our nose detect only if there is change in odor?
What factors affect the likelihood of auditory stimuli causing arousal during sleep?
Effect of pupil responses on the electroretinogram
What is the biological age of grafted plants?
Effect of flask position in shaking incubator affects growth kinetics
Why does sex last so long?
How many eukaryotes are there on Earth?
How often does bacterial transformation happen?
Phospholipid movement in cell membranes
Synthesis of immunoglobulin Fab fragments: Where can I learn about Fab?
Why the name coined for MARKUP LANGUAGE for SBML?
Dawn simulation - does color change affect waking up?
Do blind people learn Braille equally fast as the sighted?
Does the tannin level in plants go down or up after they die? Or does the tannin level stay the same regardless?
Ultra Pasteurization and Pasteurization
Hardy Weinberg problem help!
Nucleosome wrapping direction
Evidence & discussions of hard polytomy
human immune system
Would constant light or fading light be registered as more wakefulness promoting by the Supra Chiasmatic Nucleus?
What information can Uniprot give me about phosphorylated forms of proteins?
Local BLAST Copy Number per Hit
Tracking of oxygen molecules in glucose oxidation
Why are the genomes of some trees so large?
Why did humans lose their fur?
Are all single-celled organisms Bacteria?
Why does caffeine give you so much energy, while being so low on calories?
Food allergen-related skin reactions and intestinal inflammation?
Is there biological evidence for self-awareness in animals?
How do marine mammals control buoyancy?
Has DNA communication/interaction at a distance been empirically demonstrated?
Drake's Law. What is the genome-wide mutation rate and what are the estimates?
How do diving marine mammals avoid decompression sickness?
Can a woman give birth to twins with different fathers?
Cells with no apoptosis mechanism and their 'byproducts'
Is there a period after you have had a cold when you cannot get a cold again?
Does eating bananas help digestion?
Do invasive species survive in the long run?
Relieving pain by massage
Animal swimming styles
A subtle test for color-blindness
(Updated question) Problem with Fold-change mean compared to absolute data (in qPCR)
Can you build muscles from watching point of view videos of people weightlifting?
Examples of genes involved in plastic responses
Why is LH level much higher than FSH level at ovulation?
Need for two oxygen sensors in E. coli
What is the common diet of food-related IBS patients? Besides most patients being lactose intolerant, what other intolerances do they face?
Imperfect dosage compensation
Is there a difference between polarity and hydrophobicity?
Insects or Birds covering least distance but most wing moves
How do insects survive the winter?
Why is the threshold between human embryo and human fetus defined as 8 weeks after fertilization?
How to evolutionary explain menstrural cycles synchronization?
Where does crop biomass come from?
What could live inside a pillow?
What does it mean for the signals for transcription and translation to be "conserved"?
Is the poison from Stink Bugs dangerous?
What are some places where biofilms could develop?
Ripening bananas artificially: What is the biological theory behind?
What is meant by "genes involved in the stress response"?
Mechanisms of genotype*sex interactions
Converting fmri data to association matrix
A website for identifying birds
Do human visual functions degenerate due to genetic factors or by external factors?
Do metastatic cells still have their parent's identity?
Can human brain memory be removed by EMP?
Basic question about multiplex PCR
Can Omega 3 Fatty Acids prevent chest pain in periodic Atrial Fibrillation?
Word denoting genetic state
Tumour resistance: single-cell or population effect?
How are amino acids neutral at physiological pH?
Can cracking fingers cause Arthritis?
Searching for comprehensive textbook
What are the rules for plasmid names?
What's the meaning of this notation?
Why does a cockroach not die even after decapitation?
Endemic plant families on islands?
Why don't fish groom each other?
Importance of Double Helix DNA Structure
Can one use a hemocytometer on a compound upright microscope?
Which is better against genetic mutations? Asexual or Sexual Reproduction?
How do fish communicate?
Will genetically modified food affect our health?
Criteria for compound action potential thresholds
Weird gelatinous substance in highland bog
What kind of animal can do this?
Do ants feel pain?
Does muscle get bigger by increase in size of individual cells or increase in number?
Can we harvest energy from plants?
Confusion regarding niches in evolution theory
How can I get brighter DNA bands?
Can Anyone Identify This Bug
Confusion over role of current/potential in Nervous system?
Does the cellular response to every receptor work the same way?
How does the cell regulate different metabolic pathways?
Comparative leg sizes
Do hairs in the ear respond to things like shampoo?
How to translate a blood type used in Eastern Europe?
How to separate peptide on SDS PAGE?
Why is the DNA codon table "equal" to the RNA codon table
Does vitamin D form crystals in the blood with calcium and magnesium?
Do mosquito repellent sprays work on all insects?
Is the nuclear envelope present in G1 of interphase?
Where do I purchase a fly with the collagen tagged?
DNA polymerase I exonuclease activity
Can someone identify this flowering bush from the US?
Centriole genes Knock-out Experiment in Common experimental animals?
How small does a nanobot have to be to "swim through the brain" and access any neuron it wants to?
Slicing cell cultures frozen in vitrified ice with a laser for CryoEM
Recombination frequency as a function of genomic location in E coli?
Gene Sequencing and Plasmapper
Is genetic drift necessarily deleterious?
Find protein homologs with BLASTp
B cell receptor editing
Pink E.coli cell pellet. Reasons?
Is "Cisternal Twins" an actual classification of twin types and if so, describe it
What are the features on a microscope one needs in order to do lab work?
What is the most common way of administering loop diuretics and what is their time course of action?
Book Recommendations: GRE Subject Test In Biochemistry, Cell And Molecular Biology
Clarification on BMI formula
Apoptosis vs necroptosis
Why do we have five fingers?
Why do chameleons move back and forth?
Resource for finding what proteins bind?
Which agricultural crops attract rodents?
How to prepare sample for SDS PAGE?
How hot can a beverage get without burning the tongue?
Why does a pacemaker have a negative pulse?
Is eating cooked food an evolved behavior or rather an intelligent one, passed down via culture?
Congenital blindness due to retinitis pigmentosa - does it exist?
What is 'independent assortment'?
How to inactivate trypsin permanently by boiling?
When birds fly in V-formation, how is it decided which bird gets to be the 'lead bird'?
What is this bizarre in-growth in this red bell pepper?
Can we directly stimulate M cones in retina with current technology?
Are fatty acids and glycerol lipids?
How does the body really react to exposure to the vacuum of space?
How can eyeglasses improve vision beyond 100%?
Why do plants fruit?
Evolutionary reasons why you cannot tickle yourself but masturbate
Is there a command line molecular cloning tool?
Are brain cells replaced over time?
Does pupil size affect image focus in persons with no lens?
What is the nature of plasmids?
Loss in DNA band size extracted from polyacrylamide gel
what the best E-value cutoff in the miRNA homology search
How does proximal centriole of human sperm function?
Do wolves bury food like dogs?
If human eyes watch an area, what's the shape of its capturing shape? Rectangular? Half spherical?
Rosemary room temperature at winter
How does rate of evolution/innovation scale with population size?
Are there any known mutual symbiotic relationships that has more than two agents?
How to determine externally that a whale is a mammal?
What proportion of salt in water would make it not dehydrate nor hydrate someone?
Phage base Biosensor
Do all Gram negative bacteria cause septic shock?
At which temperature is the Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus destroyed?
C.elegans and antioxidants
Can human organs be transplanted indefinitely?
What is the biological basis of "energy" that extraverted humans draw from social engagements and introverts expend?
How to identify genes required for biofilm formation
Are Purkinje Action Potentials Neuronal and Cardiac?
Why are there no marine birds?
Can we determine a person's age by dating methods or other means?
Predictive Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms (SNPs) for Bipolar Disorder
small RNA bioanalyzer traces showing miRNA enrichment for sRNA-seq
What is the use of eye banks, if eyeball transplants do not exist at present?
How did birds survive the KT impact?
Human longevity interventions ranked by effectiveness
Publicly available resources for learning metagenomics
Effect of recombination on the rate of loss of genetic variation
Calculating number of amino acids in mRNA
Does the Peptide bond produce water in our organism?
During bridge amplification of DNA sequences, why aren't sequences amplified in both orientations?
Does prolonged exposure to low pitch but low volume noise affect hearing or stress?
Why did many odd-toed ungulates become extinct?
Do human cells contain only one copy of the genome?
Which virus capsids consist of only one type of capsid protein?
The suspended cat clavicle
Incestual Reproduction in Animals
Safe level of chlorine in water
What are some difficulties animals had to overcome to reproduce on land?
What is possibly wrong in my gel electrophoresis when I didn't see bands of DNA ladder on gel?
Alternatives to commercially available flow cytometric analysis software for use in cell cycle analysis?
Is excessive hydration a risk factor for cancer in humans?
Time for rigor mortis to set in
Why do humans have irregular teeth and impacting wisdom teeth?
What are parental antagonism & parental conflict?
Does methanol fixation deform cultured cells?
Why do people and animals stretch out their bodies and what is causing this behaviour?
Testing monophyly from per site log-likelihoods without optimising branch lengths
Why we do not use RNAi to control ebola?
What's the max speed that humans could run?
Counting the number of hydrogen bonds of multiple PDB files
Any benefit to low dose radiation?
Are bees positively phototropic
Like other animals, why humans don't have species & breeds?
Why is heart failure treated as more critical than kidney failure?
Why cytotoxic T cells don't kill dendritic cells when they present antigen?
ECG of heart transplant patients
Looking for a gene in my raw genetic data. What are the possible causes for this?
Ants eating bark
How to compare a camera and an eye
Action of Ebola Viruses
Bird identification
How can succinylcholine cause myorelaxation?
Why does A pair with T and G with C?
Is Norepinephrine beta2 adrenomimetic?
Ephedrine or pseudoephedrine indirectly central alpha2 mimetic?
Exact location of E. coli in human body
T-cells Question
Is it biologically possible for an adult's eye color to change?
Does one parent transmit more DNA to the offspring than the other one?
Do "Giraffe Weevil" males build Nests
Is Zeiss Primo Start microscope worth the price for student use?
Sensory adaptation regarding smell and hearing
Can an organism process H₂O into H₂O₂?
Why do flipped cockroaches sometimes lose their heads?
MHC-I presentation during infection
In males, why it is difficult to control orgasm?
Crude oil contamination hazard
Resilience to the neurotoxins of Indian King Cobra
How can natural selection occur at species level whilst not occuring at the individual level?
How do gory images lead to nausea?
RNAs arising from intergenic regions
What's the composition of Actinobacteria's hyphae?
Can different strains of Rhizobium share an infection thread or symbiosome?
Salbutamol's Pathways of Interaction and Classification
Phenotype choice for one of a MZ twin pair in a genetic association study
PCR processes number of amplicons produced
Bigger animals needs bigger amount of oxygen?
What is the difference between tonic and phasic firing?
Does transplanted heart have full sympaticus without medication?
Why do Sorghum Bicolor leaves roll up?
Why are Merkel cells innervated by an axon, and not a dendrite?
About artificially induced processes that would normally cause a cell to self-destruct
Regarding the apoptosis mechanisms in cells and cancer
Are there any similarities in the DNA of a humans and animals?
How is incomplete dominance different from codominance?
Henrietta Lacks and HeLa cells
How Circumcision could reduce the chance for a HIV infection?
Why do human ears have a lower boundary for the lowest energy perceivable signal than eyes?
Restriction Mapping - Homework question
B-cell and T-cell activation by parasites
What is different between the pigment of giraffes and the pigment of flowers?
Why does hair thicken and become more rough after a razor shave but not after one using a trimmer?
What is the exact chemical composition of human body?
Is there any stem cell or biogel method that exist for muscle and tendon lengthening?
Why do humans have only two nipples?
Viral Mutation Mechanism
Optimization of E. coli growth in D₂O (heavy water)
Does THC excretion increase if urine volume increases?
Problem on number of amino acids that an alien can use
What is actually systematics? What is the difference between it & taxonomy?
How are lysosomes formed?
What is the mechanism of action of lithium-induced polyuria?
After vasectomy, where does the sperm go?
What initiates primase to add an RNA primer to a DNA strand and what makes it stop?
Determining break/border of movement
Simple Mendelian Genetics Question
Change in synthesis rate of a molecule changes equilibrium concentration
What are the common methods to estimate additive genetic variance?
Molds and fungi usually found on book pages: identifying and preventing further spread
Clonidine's adrenonergic nature?
To understand side-effects for nebivolol's beta1 selective pathway in PubChem?
Suggestions for self-studying experimental techniques
How to manage fat-gluten oxidation in celiac disease?
What does "chlorophyll photosynthesis peak" mean in relation to photon wavelength?
What is the charge on oligonucleotide 5' pGpGpApCpT 3' at pH 7.00?
Flicker fusion threshold for insect eyes
Are there any mammals whose males can feed with milk?
Why only female mammals have well developed mammary glands?
human anti-mouse antibody
Is our color vision calibrated to sky, vegetation, and blood?
How big should the human population be, as predicted by body mass?
How to inhibit formation of specific antibodies (to antisera)?
How was birth control realized in ancient days?
How does anger relate to blood pressure?
What mechanism prevent Colchicum Autumnale from being affected by Colchicine
allogeneic organ transplant and the immune response
Theranos blood test's Specificity and Accuracy?
Can the human eye distinguish colors in the periphery?
How can Pyridostigmine have the indication of Myasthenia?
Purifying a linear plasmid after restriction digest?
Where should I start looking for an online gene library?
Is there a stem cell dye for education purposes?
How do you accurately measure anguiliform (eel) locomotion?
Differentiation of norepinephrine and epinephrine in indications
Low copy numbers of plasmids
Are ipratropium and tolterodine parasympatholytic?
How is satiety measured?
(how) is it possible to choose the biological sex of a child?
What are limitations on the number of objects the eye determine at a glance?
If gene differs between chromosome pair does individual get a mixture of protein shapes?
Why do some internal organs regenerate?
What causes feeling of feet falling asleep to be delayed?
Duration of selection and survival of the fittest
Anesthetics, specifically inhaled anesthetics
Why can't people talk while inhaling?
If my brain lost all of its activity for a moment, would my memory be gone too?
A few questions regarding immunology
Why do we have two of some organs, but not all?
Modified Mendelian Ratios Problem
What makes DNA sticky-ends sticky?
How does the eye know whether to focus further out or nearer in order to bring a blurry object into focus?
Intro Bio question: dihybrid punnet square
General time reversible model of evolution and Felsenstein model
How does a multicellular, eukaryotic body treat heat-resistant pathogenic bacteria?
Separation of closely-sized isoforms
Is sexual selection evolutionarily advantageous?
Can rapid eye blinking induce epileptic seizures?
Which three functional groups are found in the general structure of amino acids?
Do the right-handed people tend to use the right side teeth of their jaw to chew food more often than the left-handed people?
Can a rotten egg actually hatches to a real life?
Does a bird know it's different?
What is phenotyping of blood during transfusion process?
Effect of closed eyes on balance?
Increasing/decreasing signal intensity in Western blotting
Can a human acquire a memory of an animal?
Ebola immunosupression and infection
What's up with all the vague protocols?
Why does the 'Positive-inside Rule' exist?
Prevent biofilm formation on moist surfaces
Why should plants transform glucose into sucrose before transporting it to other parts?
How does the cornea breathe during sleep?
Neuron Growth and Regeneration
PCR cycle problem
What percent of the population has some form of synesthesia?
How long does it take for a cricket to die at subzero temperatures?
How was the resemblance between apes and humans explained in pre-Darwinian biology?
Why are nausea and dizziness such common side effects from medication?
Does physical exercise following lack of sleep increase the risk of sudden cardiac death (SCD)?
Long-term effects of antihistamines on mind and CNS
Long term storage of agarose-ethidium bromide gels that have already been cast
Is this a carpenter ant?
Deeper Learning in Physiology?
Hydrophobia Outside of Rabies?
Why estimate linear and full (linear, quadratic, and correlational) selection coefficients separately?
Are more animal species edible than plants?
Why do we have to exhale (or inhale) in order to speak?
Terrestrial Vertebrate Limbs
How does air-liquid interface (ALI) culture work?
Cigarette consumption dose-response function WRT health outcomes
Should I dilute DNA with water or elution buffer?
Can an influenza virus carry other infectors with it?
Public Pacemaker database online?
Western blot alternatives
fastq-dump using mkfifo to stream data
Would biotechnology in agriculture actually decrease biodiversity, as many people say? Does it have to?
Why does DNA have its name?
Why don't McDonald's fries decompose?
Why deoxyribose for DNA and ribose for RNA?
Can swallowed fingermails, hair, or skin get caught in your appendix?
Effect of Western chicken and GH
Resource for finding Repressive/Inhibitory factors for a given gene?
How to attract spiders to my house?
Number of transcription factor genes in the human genome
Well to well variation in thermal cycler fluorescence?
How can site-directed mutagenesis be used to suppress the production of anti-antibodies?
Why are most transcription factors enhancing the expression rather than repressing?
Studying effects of alcohol on cells
Why do small fonts strain the eyes?
How are bones growing, if bones are not connected to the brain?
Maximum heart rate increase/decrease while physically active
Bug Identification: Is this small tubular, black bug a bed bug?
Estimating RPM to RCF in Methods from Older Papers
Does DNA analysis allow determining amount of chromosomes?
Skin porosity in glans penis when erect
Why does weight loss lower blood pressure?
Why do we still have genetic disorders that show anticipation?
Can plants directly use sulfuric acid?
How to validate the regulatory interactions inferred from gene expression data?
Relation between trigeminal and facial nerve in sympathetic response
Do plants have preference for the form of nitrogen as nutrient?
Can brain cells move?
Speciation of humans?
Circulating factors affecting human health/longevity
Why does anxiety cause diarrhea or constipation?
Native vs Immigrant plants
What is Environmental Robustness? Is it different from plasticity?
Why not use non-visual self-recognition to test for consciousness in an organism?
Use cases of RNA secondary structure prediction
How could be the "Eurasian magpie" bird won the "Mirror Test" where Gorillas failed
Statistical method for characterizing the relationship between body mass and metabolic rate
Balanced vs Maximized Codon Optimization
STRING ID - allelic differences and splice variants
What specific sensory nerves act as receptors for "pins and needles" (neuropathy)?
Would humans eventually evolve to fight off fatal diseases if we didn't treat/vaccinate for them?
Do distinctions between dry, tickly and chesty coughs have any medical basis?
Would blue light be effective to help average people when sunsets come much earlier in the day?
Do snakes get dizzy?
What does 'pedigree information' mean?
Why do the major and minor groove exist in DNA?
How and where do nerves share pathways to the brain?
Anatomy of nervous system's sensory pathways
Western blotting with multiple antibodies
What is the evolutionary purpose of white spots in nails and how can they be characterised due to Leukonychia?
Why do some animals try to imitate other animals?
Cells scatter light in solution. Do they refract?
Persistency of botulinum toxin in environment
Hot water and bacteria
Fab fragments of antibodies to fight viral infections
Can signals travel "backwards" in the sensory pathway?
Satisfication with irrelevant things
Is it possible to dock multiple ligands with the target?
Physiologically, how can stress/anxiety cause neuropathy?
How can I purify RNA after gel electrophoresis to remove residual acrylamide?
Nerves, Neurons, Axons and Dendrites by Example
How do PER/CRY complexes accumulate in the cytoplasm?
How do I get recombinant proteins into the nucleus of mammal cells?
Single long axon vs serial neurons
Can I drink warm/hot tap water?
Regarding tumors and their developement
Binding of Multivalent Antibody to mutiple epitopes?
Why are irises unique?
What does pain look like in wave form?
Spironolactone's role with adrenergic agents in heart failure?
Names of nerves in hands, shins and face
Are transgender people born physically different from others?
What is the biggest facultative anaerobic metazoan known to science?
Are the Chromosomes organized in any meaningful way?
Specific location where nerves converge
Is there any evolutionary advantage of selection of L-amino acid over D-amino acid?
What is the science behind the inaccurate perception of colors?
G>T transversion VS. T>G transversion?
Evolution: One big population vs. many small populations
What is the purpose of segments in citrus fruit?
Mass spectrometry versus western blotting for validation
Choosing appropriate statistical test for ordinal data
Deciduous trees in tropical rainforest
Action potential changes in low sodium concentrations but constant osmotic pressure
How do I import FASTA files into Haploview?
Is there a rule for the annotation of the basepair or gene locus origin in bacterial genomes?
Specialist evaluation for people aged under 40 years with stage 1 hypertension
Can the eye distinguish between pure and composite colours and how do we measure this?
Coniferous trees in temperare rain forests
Can anyone identify this chrysalis? (Identified)
Why do humans hear better between 2kHz and 5kHz?
Can dolphins actually communicate linguistically?
What is the name of this plant (see pic)?
Are domesticated animals really "more intelligent," or is that a myth/misunderstanding?
Will gene mutations give rise to a protein that is shorter than the full length protein?
Why should a tumor look like a crab?
Blood type frequency given probability
Evolutionary chronology - if any, which species have evolved in the last 100 years
Potential to destroy viruses using prions?
How is DNA Read
Can someone help me analyze this article?
What is difference between breed, variant, subspecies and species?
Double use of ATP in relaxing myosin & active transportation of calcium?
Why are some vegetables/fruits seasonal?
Why does our voice change when we get affected by cold or cough?
How are lesions in the RNA corrected?
In what sense is the "histone code" a code?
What is SDS PAGE gel polymerization time?
What does the empty space in the bamboo stem do?
When are a female's eggs created?
What causes muscles to generate heat on contraction?
Cytochalasin B in cell movement
Is funnel web spider venom poisonous?
About radiation therapy
Downloading specific yeast genes in an automated manner?
How does anxiety cause chest pain?
Repair of cloning vector nicks digested with antarctic phosphatase and ligated with T4 enzyme
Why doesn't Sanger (fluorescent) DNA sequencing double count nucleotides?
What are the main principles of the Bacteriological Code?
Download FunCat Database for Programmatic Access
Medium for Pseudomonas?
Color perception vs shade perception demo
How does the body "know" how to metabolize foreign substances
Need help in codon optimization
Are we more/less resistant to infectious diseases during an allergic reaction?
How much difference in genome is enough to prevent interbreeding?
When did our ancestors switch to a menstrual cycle instead of the estrous cycle?
What's the smallest size a human eye can see?
How do catalase and other antioxidants neutralize free radicals?
How does salinity affect the bonds of an enzyme?
I brought a hibernating yellow jacket queen into my house accidentally. What will happen?
What's the meaning of 'plasma' in 'plasma membrane'?
If ants have an antibiotic gland, how can they spread hospital infections?
Why don't we see turbulence in the aorta even in normal situations?
The origin of molecular machines
About the apoptosis mechanisms in a cell
Advantage of opponent color?
The skin color of bonobos
How do CO₂ and carbonic acid (H₂CO₃) work in buffering the blood?
Superpatients for Cancer resistance
Can plants grow under extreme (>1%) carbon dioxide concentrations?
Identifying a tree with an image
Is there any conclusive study relating the food consumed and the occurrence of acne?
Cloning and Telomeres
what's the vascular cambium?
What genetic distance model should be used when calculating genetic differences in Arelquin?
Why are canines not nauseated by similar foodstuffs/state of decay as human beings?
how to reconcile PDB structures' sequences via Uniprot references?
Why didn't the polar bear change its color from white to black during evolution to absorb heat?
Blood cells penetration
Phylogenetics and the Tree of Life
What is an operon?
Why is mRNA needed in the Protein translation?
Is there a risk of localised die-off when plants bud too early?
Besides hemoglobin, what proteins are present in red blood cells?
Has any research lab done serious work to engineer new bacteria which assemble graphene wafers?
Concentration of degenerate primers should you dilute to?
Are there known examples where an evolved mechanism "echoes" one originally provided by the environment?
Do species other than humans have distinct daily feeding patterns?
Why isn't the insertion of a single nucleotide destructive for DNA?
Relative sweetness
Are There Exceptions to Animal Cells not Having Cell Walls?
Are There Rules for How Proteins Are Formed?
Dreadnoughtus: Why are new taxa named using Dog Latin?
Are there any known health benefits / risks from milliampere current (0.1-2 mA) on forehead?
Taste of salt water
IgA complement activation
What's the worst that can happen from too much sleep deprivation? Can you die?
awakening effects of light
Production of processed Insulin in bacteria
Why does renal artery stenosis lead to activation of Renin-Angiotensin system?
What triggers programmed cell death in humans (from outside the cell)?
Which fruit compounds affect the speed of fructose absorption?
How does the population fitness change after a change in mutation rate?
Survival curve in early humans
Miscarriage in early humans
Fecundity per woman in early humans
What equipment is needed to perform simple plant electrophysiology?
Growing E. coli at room temperature?
Supercomputer and undergraduates
Are there more true codes found in biology besides the central dogma?
What species of eagle pushes their young to teach them flying?
Dopamine and other neurotransmitter release during music listening
Is probability for double crossing over included in distance cM? [task]
When do the spindle fibers attach to the chromosome
How fallible are DNA paternity tests?
Why can blood group O be given to all blood groups?
What term describes insects that must eat protein to reproduce?
Can cfDNA testing distinguish results in the case of twins?
C1q attachment to antibodies
How many cells does the smallest animal have?
How does steroid dependence occur?
What is the second phase of photosynthesis?
Hamilton's derivation of direct fitness from his 1970 paper
What controls Fructose regulation in plants?
How does the genetic material differ between dizygotic twins and ordinary siblings?
How many mosquitoes would it take to "drain" enough blood to put a person into shock?
How would real-time blood glucose monitoring work?
Do electromagnetic waves outside the visible spectrum have any role in photosynthesis?
What is this insect in India?
Kinetic binding / unbinding constants of protein + mRNA ⇌ mRNP
Are pulp cells (in oranges) normal plant cells?
Formation of Life
How much does sleeping correlate with daily activity?
Does sample buffer require EDTA for protein separation on SDS PAGE?
How do humans perceive time?
What physics knowledge can be applied to biology of organisms and ecosystems?
What is the importance of urea in mass spectrometry?
Protocol for checking pipette calibrations using absorbance readings of a dye in solution?
Is it possible to move your arms above your head when handcuffed in the back?
What is the effect of persistent hypothermia on cardiac performance?
Why did humans become bipedal?
Hamilton's inclusive fitness approach
Mutation Rate in Multicellular Eukaryotes
Aligning multiple sequences in heterogeneous group
What do biologists mean when they use the term "biological distance"?
Grafting vegetables onto fruit-bearing trees
Hydrogen Peroxide on Open Wounds
Chemical reactions at the synapse
Using perceptual adaptation for enhancing realism of VR/other entertainment
Why do we find some things disgusting and others delicious?
Do males of all sexual species have Y chromosomes?
Why can blood vessel contraction be described as a second order system?
Why is the Trendelenburg position used when placing and removing Central Venous Line catheters in the sub-clavian vein?
Why does hair grow after trimming but remains at a constant length after a while?
Can humans live without their right atrium?
Why do flies "rub" their front legs when resting?
Why do we experience temperatures below 37 degrees Celsius as 'hot'?
Why do men have a higher hematocrit (red blood cell count) than women?
Why is sarcoma more prevalent and common in right heart?
Whole genome sequence analysis software
How is oxygen and carbon dioxide exchange mediated by hemoglobin?
Why doesn't HDL cause diseases like LDL?
Why do skin and nail go blue in cyanosis?
Is there any scientific evidence that a human has ever grown a third set of teeth?
If what we eat can be seen in our hair, then to what degree can our food affect the "look and feel" of our hair?
How far can birds see?
Could the proteome of E. coli be fluorescently labelled?
What does the gene name "lexA" stand for?
Retinal eccentricity to colour sensitivity
What is the name of this plant? (found in a rock)
Why is an allele dominant or recessive?
Chickens roosting, is it sleep or torpor?
Is there any disadvantage to having a really low adipocyte count in our times?
Double stranded nucleic acids are more 'durable' than single stranded nucleic acids?
Is this description of etiology of celiac disease correct?
Why do we have more male infants born?
How does most of lymph get back into the blood stream? (I don't mean the lymphatic system)
What are the requirements for a spectrometer to be used in biological research?
Is there any knowledge of physics can be applied in to evolution?
Is a Ginkgo tree a conifer?
negatively charged albumin as major carrier of acidic/negative charged drugs in blood
What is this plant ...?
Why does human hair grow and behave differently depending on its location?
Why can't we call dog breeds different species?
Does antibody staining / immunolabeling block or inhibit protein function?
Can concentration of a protein be determined from a gel quantitatively (rough estimation)?
How is the reflectance spectrum of solids measured?
How to do a whole genome analysis of Multidrug-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis
Typical in-vivo protein concentration
Plant dependence on CO₂ levels
Which sex of trees bears fruit?
Why do dog's eyes glow green on a photo?
Are there ways to speed up the growth of plants?
A colony of humans are sent to an alien world, at what point would the descendants evolve to be genetically incompatible with Earth humans?
What virus transforms full grown plants?
Real Time PCR Test Chemistry
Why is leucine amino acid used the most in proteins and tryptophan the least?
Do people grow shorter as they age, how common is it, and what triggers it?
What happens when someone is stung by a jellyfish?
If higher levels of atmospheric oxygen can lead to larger animals, can it also lead to larger plants?
How much energy does a lion contain?
Pasteurisation of orange juice and Vitamin C
Eye strain using 3D screens
What is the human ear's temporal resolution?
How can we measure cardiac output?
Is the molecule nitric oxide responsible for healing blood vessels?
How does trees know to balance themselves so that they never fall down
Why do the size of the phase 1 notch vary among cardiac cells?
What effect does the Barr body have, in relation to female Turner syndrome?
Why don't myopic people see the world upside-down?
Why do some cells like myofibrils have multiple nuclei?
Why can't we defibrillate the heart within 1 minute after ventricular fibrillation by electroshock?
Mean and standard deviation of human bone density?
Do bacteria with multiple flagella move faster than bacteria with a single flagella?
Safety of using industrial water for hand washing
Does the nervous system have "routers"?
How long can the brain survive during ongoing cardiac arrest?
How much of the weight of yoghurt is due to bacteria?
Father with mutated mtDNA- why isn't his offspring at risk?
What to do if microarray t-test, ANOVA, SAM and LImma show various selected significant genes?
Can iGEM distribution parts be directly PCR'd?
What is the most effective way to eliminate silverfish (g. Thysanura) from walls and floorboards?
Does a man contain all the genes needed to make a woman?
Which Papaya (Lechosa) plant (male or female) bears fruit?
Is it true that some organs "sleep" at certain times of the day and does this affect dieting or when to take medicine?
What does x in "Miscanthus × giganteus" name stand for?
What does to "evolve" exactly mean?
Are there any viruses that have infected all humans in the past or present?
How much of the human body is processed sunlight?
Grapefruits and CYP3A4
Does the size or mass of a body affect the time it takes for rigor mortis to sets in?
What effects does being cryogenically frozen have on a person's body?
Is it possible that a set of functionally related proteins in a pathway fulfill different functions?
Inter-codon mutations statistical analysis
Is it dangerous to rub closed eyes?
How to do whole genome sequence alignment in R or Ruby/C++, any good language?
What do you call that part of the muscle that connects directly to the bone?
What’s the reason for isovolumic contraction and isovolumic relaxation?
Energy metabolism in Cancer cells
How does DNA damage cause ageing in yeast?
Why asexual reproduction?
How many different kinds of polypeptides, each composed of 12 amino acids, could be synthesized using the 20 common amino acids?
How semi-synthetic cell with artificial DNA works
Why draw blood from veins rather than arteries?
What is the mechanism by which lamins regulate gene expression?
how do macrophages have the capacity to digest pathogen in opsonization
Multi-modal distribution for gene expression data
Why is water a polar molecule?
Why do adults lose hearing at high frequencies?
Known ways to modify the genetic structure of the 13 loci used in CODIS
In a typical model ecosystem, what might the percentage of plants be to top predators and everything inbetween?
Parallels between pixelized image and the human retina
Why is ATP the main nucleoside triphosphate used to exchange energy?
Which came first in hominid evolution: language or bipedalism?
Glycerol 3-phosphate nomenclature
why is DNA antiparallel? Can it be parallel?
What are the advantages of blood's redness?
Cell evolution: immortality vs reproduction
If we change our breathing rate so easily, then what is the point of measuring it?
What shows how healthy someone is by their heart rate?
Death Psychology
Factors for sensitivity to electric shock
What were the first neural systems like?
How does vasoconstriction/vasodilation change blood pressure?
Why don't stem cell therapies use viruses?
How to prevent e coli from clumping (for FACS)?
What is the biological basis for tiredness after eating?
Pituitary giants - is the fusing of growth plates dependent on amount of growth hormone in blood?
How to determine if this blood disorder is recessive or dominant?
How do we look inside the cell?
Almost philosophical question about controlling a pest/plague
Can humans perceive sounds above 20 kHz?
How to measure metabolic rates of microscopically small animals?
Which of these components has C-H and COOH groups
Are there any generic (not dependent on symptoms) ways to find parasite infections?
How do you convert mtDNA sequences in FASTA to FSTAT format?
What species of Cerapoda lived during the Jurassic?
What is Mendelian Segregation and how is it related to the Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium?
Assessing probability from a pedigree
Is it possible to estimate how much variation in common phenotypes is predicted by genetics?
True or false & fill in the blanks
Why does too much candy cause nausea?
Does increased cell turnover cause cancerous mutations?
How can a brainless Cnidarian hunt and defend itself?
What has to duplicate before cell enters M phase?
How much mass does a person lose in a day through breathing and perspiration?
Can protein sample be made 2% Triton X-100 free?
Why are riboswitches mostly present in bacteria and not in eukaryotes?
Species ID: Cape Town mystery insect
Gradualism vs. Punctuationalism
The damage of cancer cells
Identification of unknown bagworm (Singapore)
How Many Generation We can Run a Mycelium of Pleurotus ostreatus/Pearl Oyster?
Why are particular laser-related skin products not recommended for darker skin tones?
Mode of Enzymatic Inhibition via R-Allele
Why do humans have eyebrows?
How long does it take to form a peptide bond?
Cockroaches and magnetic fields
why do some cells in the body prefer necrosis to apoptosis as a means of cell death?
Relation between a compound's toxicity and it's concentration level
What would happen to a body in an astronaut suit over time if floating free?
Does Pseudomonas aeruginosa have any common name at all?
Is this a grass cell?
Does the metabolic rate determine how fast the telomeres shorten?
Largest direct ancestor of humans
What are the differences between cancer and tumour?
Can methylation of a promoter induce gene expression in some rare cases?
Why does a tumour's genome change depending on the environment?
Can people with paralyzed eye muscles see?
Why is hyper pigmentation the common aftermath of skin lesions and abrasions?
Trying to differentiate between the three muscle tissues with small pictures
What happens when the brain is no longer capable of co-ordinating or regulating the heart and breathing rates?
Repair wrong DNA pair after ending replication?
Making sense of enzyme Km comparisons
Which of the two mitochondorial membranes relate to bacteria according to the endosymbiotic theory?
Relationship Between Evolution and the Increase of Entropy of Earth
Kinetic Vs Potential Energy in Biochemical Contexts
Mechanism of Decorticate & Decerebrate Posturing? Also why is only Decorticate Rigidity a misnomer?
How long can a human neuron live outside the body in a controlled environment?
Why do the proportion of predators increase at mass extinction events?
After how many generations descendant is not more related to ancestor, than to a random individual in an ancestral population?
Can Helicobacter pylori be eradicated naturally?
Are nutrients absorbed in human esophagus?
Have there been studies done to test Immortality of cancer cells in culture?
What are the differences between a benign tumor and swelling?
How was the origin of CTVT parasitic cancer determined?
Conversion and storage of glucose to glycogen
Plural of "dibamus"
Is there an organism which has a common English name which overlaps with another organism's scientific name (or vice versa?)
Can an upper forearm amputee correctly control the Median and Ulnar nerves
More general usage of the term 'congener'
How much total RNA can be extracted from Drosophila brain
Non-harmful bacterial invasion of cells
How do tea, coffee, and beer dehydrate you?
How does menstruation proceed during one period?
mRNA Transcription from Nuclear DNA
Transfect Mammalian Cells with Single Stranded DNA?
Can genetic engineering be performed without a laboratory setting?
Can drinking caffeine, alcohol and other diuretics be part of a good drinking regime?
What is the most complex biological organism (or precursors) that we have been able to synthesize from raw materials?
Are codons that map to the same amino acids interchangeable?
How does Haloxyfop control young grassy weeds in fields of broadleaved crops?
What kinds of cells does human saliva contain?
What does units/mg mean for Streptavidin
How to retrieve full gene names list and Entrez gene IDs and other annotation information from HUGO gene name list (in R or any)?
Is there tea allergy?
Gene expression for mouse feeder cells (inactivated MEFs)
Crossing white eyed Drosophila with sepia eye
Length of sleep time
Are boat-tailed grackles efficient flyers?
why male penis not considered as cartilage?
What is a positive epitope fragment
What software/approach to use to build a graph based on microarray gene expression correlation?
What Websites Have Image Libraries for Bacteria and other Microorganisms
Is recombination suppressed in the males of all Drosophila species? Any other species?
What is the field of view for the human eyes?
Molecular biology - fundamental questions
What does it mean when a patient suffering from malignant tumor (cancer) has been declared cured?
How can a plant become resistant to glufosinate?
Why is it important to study chromatin to understand cancer?
How do you determine if donated, stored blood is viable?
Which biosynthetic pathways take place in the plastid and were are they located?
Why there are two rounds of cytosine de-methylation in mammalian development?
Why scientific names of animals & plants are made difficult to spell & remember?
Why White Blood Cells (WBCs) do not react to foreign bodies like sperm?
How long do zebra fishes remain transparent?
Are alleles passed down and shuffled randomly to the offspring during meiosis or fertilization?
Why do reptiles still move even after death?
Can canines communicate with each other using gaze direction?
Why don't breast enlargements leave any marks of surgery on breasts?
Plasmid in the nucleus and gene expression
Is there anything that is completely non-toxic to humans at any dose?
Cannot conjugate Biotin-labeled DNA to Streptavidin-labeled solid surface
SNPs and locations
Why not use lactase to aid the break down of lactose when making biofuels?
Thermodynamics of Forming Peptide Bonds
Why sperm count matter for pregnancy?
Why are sperm cells not attacked by the female immune system?
How does Isoxaben kill newly germinating seeds, with almost no effects on established ones?
List of dinosaurs synonyms
Heart Rate being normal when under treatment for the bends
How does Trifluralin kill newly germinating seeds, with almost no effects on established ones?
Are abrasions considered closed wounds?
Alternative plant taxonomies to Linneaus
Up to date, extensive documentary about dinosaurs?
Do Parasaurolophus have hands with fingers to grab?
Can memory be improved with mental training?
How to measure heat loss in Tardigrades
Why I have to pee more often in low temperature?
How does the molecular machinery choose where to cut a chromosome for recombination?
What fish (and/or shellfish) species with a multi-year life-cycle, besides salmon, die after spawning?
How to name such grouping behaviour?
How are we able to find the specific sites at which DNA binding proteins bind?
Blood circulation - How to expand blood capillaries?
How can I isolate live Wolbachia endosymbionts from Drosophila
Why do we get 'bags under our eyes'?
How to set threshold in ImageJ for quantifying relative fluorescence?
Was Earth's atmosphere more buoyant in the prehistoric era then today?
How to get a pdb file of a single atom?
First documented beneficial mutation?
How does beta branching stop alpha helices from forming?
Is there a standard formula/calculation for sexual dimorphism?
How do cats survive falling from great heights?
What senses are active while sleeping?
What do "e" "-" "C" and "E" mean in this output?
How do biologists infer correct ORF of a DNA sequence?
Why are the fertility rates of large predators kept low?
All UniprotIDs of a cancer pathway
What evolutionary advantages are provided by ovoviviparity?
What is it about the housekeeping genes that makes them almost immune to gene regulation?
How to engineer chromosomal duplications?
Are there U-rich transcriptional pause sites?
Why aren't circadian rhythms exactly 24 hours long?
How can heart disease cause dizziness after eating?
Why is it that heterozygous loci appear as two separate bands during gel electrophoresis while homozygous loci appear as one band?
Average dimensions of the human back (anthropometry)
How to decide if genes are linked in an unordered mapping problem?
Why is the resting potential of a neuron so close to the equilibrium potential of K⁺?
What is topological crossover?
Why do eyes water in response to particular emotions?
What's the difference between stabilizing selection and balancing selection?
Is using Hidden Markov Models to find homologues sensible in abstract, short sequences?
Why do human eyes glow red on a photo and dog's eyes green?
Is fever a disease or not?
Why cancer is not a communicable disease?
How do butterflies defend themselves from other creatures when they don't have the ability to sting or some other offensive/defensive mechanism?
Hot water bath and Infertility
Is it a medical condition to not able to recall the word in a language while having a conversation
How can I reduce the background gradient in phase contrast microscopy?
How to study the number of herbivores per type of tree and time of day?
How to preserve leaves between sampling (collection) and analysis?
Name (and meaning of the absence) of the white semicircle at the base of the fingernail?
Is there a biological environment that we can we assume glutamate exists as glutamic acid?
Does long term use of antibiotics in humans actually lead to a greater risk of infection?
How do I find a protein from this DNA sequence?
What is some computer science technology that can help the development of biology?
What is the meaning of dots and dashes in clustalw?
By what method do ants dissect and hold soil
Why does uterus have to be prepared every month for fertilization?
Do these things contain amylase?
What flower is this blue flower?
What advantage does an enzyme serve over catalysis by the addition of heat energy?
What is a group of tortoises called?
Can anyone identify the worm in this video clip?
What is a triglyceride?
Why are cell lines frozen in vapor phase?
What is the genome size of Saffron (Crocus sativus)?
Why do endotherms need more food than ectotherms?
How does estrogen influence collagen synthesis?
What is overdiagnosis?
Where do the phosphate units come from when EGF units dimerize?
What are senescent cells doing in our bodies?
How to characterise a protein family in a putative genome island?
Why can't there be fructification of mycelium in submerged culture?
Why aren't green eyes more prevalent?
How can Valonia ventricosa cells get so big?
Zinc and brewer's yeast
I photographed a couple of butterflies and birds in Argentina but can't identify them. What are my options?
What is Trypsin?
Expression/Mechanism of ROR1 in healthy tissue
How and why can cold inflict pain?
Why is iodine used for metabolic hormones?
What microscope/magnification would I need to observe P. Acnes bacteria?
background extraction in microscope analysis
Do people with congenital analgesia feel cold?
Do animals exist which have good vision, but see only grayscale?
Identifying a creature that appears to be a worm wrapped in a cocoon
Stockholm format to dot-brackets format?
Are some virus loads introduced to human cell but never triggered?
How can a drone be male?
How can the directionality of a protein structure be defined?
What is the present tense verb form of apoptosis?
Visualising a subset of the tree of life
Clarification on the "orientation" of chromosomal rearrangements
What are the requirements for a stable carbon cycle in sealed "bottle gardens"`?
Where can I find mutation datasets for cancer?
Why is pericardium muscle repolarizated earlier than endocardium?
Clumping factor test
What is the most condensed form of (stored) energy used in biology?
Can we artificially increase human growth using HGH?
Why oxLDL accumulate to form foam cells?
Do humans perceive temperature or heat-flux? (or both?)
What happens to our umbilical cord internally as we age?
What actually are thoughts?
Biphasic T wave caused by digitalis toxicity
DNA barcoding and real-time PCR
Protein Design - Target Structure Specification
What mechanism is responsible for germinating in the right direction (root towards gravity)?
How well does the radius of a tree correlate with its age?
Maximum RPM in zero-g before losing consciousness, spinning head-over-heels
Neural correlates of the function of the cardiovascular system?
How do scientists decide which version of a polymorphism is the main one?
Do variant callers miss rare variants in reference?
Metabolism of different saccharides
Is brain transplantation possible?
Why are fingerprints different even in identical twins?
How does aging affect fingerprint?
Time lapse between fresh blood's exposure to air and that same blood turning darker red-brown
Which method would more accurately help to identify the unknown concentration of a protein sample between the A280 and the Bradford methods?
Stem cells and if they can correct a lack of apoptosis
Which will produce more oxygen? A few large trees or a greater number of smaller plants?
Why do we urinate more when we are nervous?
What's Incomplete atrioventricular heart block (AV)?
Why did the Brain develop in the front in most organisms?
Enzymatic error rate
How does it make thermodynamic sense for photosynthesizers to turn CO₂ into O₂?
In insects, does the Alanine repeat occur on the homeodomain sequence of the abdomen or does it occur on a different sequence?
Redheads and pain receptors
How much of what we eat ends up in the toilet?
Proteins: Post translational modification
Could someone entirely absorb smells by smelling?
Protein Structure Parameters
Do plants need O₂ to consume energy they've stored via sugar?
Why do plants produce so much more sugar than they use?
How does food intake affect medicine? Why pill instructions recommends taking them before (after) meal?
Relationship between nerves and axons
Does DNA Ligase look for complementarity in sticky ends?
How close to Earth's core can organisms live?
Has the protein composition (with identification) in honey and other honeybee byproducts been studied?
Is it possible for a human to get rabies from a rabies vaccine meant for dogs?
How can action potentials be generated through thoughts?
Is it possible that weak memory is due to interference between signals in the brain?
what does Pro→Glu substitution mean?
Why does an complete molar pregnancy not result in a clone?
Are sensory receptors neurons?
Why sudden stresses cause stuttering and/or other impairs in children?
Do all sources supply all sinks on a plant?
What is biological dark matter?
What creates the feeling of 'excess' blood pressure to an area of the body?
I found these skulls in a old bottle in the woods. Can you tell me what they are?
Why does a light object appear lighter in your peripheral vision when it's dark?
How does a fetus retain a blood group different from its mother?
Do both ends of a muscle contract?
Chromosome and chromatid numbers during cell cycle phases
What is the expected number of children that need to be born for every possible point mutation to occur once?
Why can good music raise goosebumps?
Superhuman eyesight
Can DNA & RNA be considered as nature's programming language?
Can genetically engineering the DNA of a human zygote, make it a twin of another human in entirety?
Why are there no artificial wombs yet?
What species is this? Seashell from Indonesia
How does Hemocytoblast constantly get formed into so many blood cells and yet remains there in the bone marrow throughout the lifetime?
What happens to the umblical cord inside the mother?
Why is the upper respiratory tract so vulnerable to infections?
Can the human brain be reduced to a binary system?
How does one calculate how to dilute a solution to working strength?
Lyonization vs Genetic Imprinting
Authority on Microbiological Definitions
Can a portion of human skin cells be modified in some way to generate light?
Human leukocytes (re)circulation/migration in homeostatic state
Is there a graph or ontology that maps diseases to its possible causes or causing diseases?
Core architecture of the body encoding
Determination of a chemical compound in a non-homogeneous sample
Why doesn't crossing over happen in mitosis?
What is the difference between organelle membranes?
What is an auditory upward sweep?
Total dark deprivation at day-neutral plants
Does the necessary Carbon Dioxide need to be in the atmosphere for mammals?
What is called the "area size that an animal usually lives in"?
How is the type of genetic manipulation determined in CRISPR-Cas9?
A good textbook on GMO
IPTG and lac operator with e coli for foreign gene question
Do Penicillin based antibiotics affect birth control?
Is the six-layer cortex model of the mammalian cortex still the most accepted model?
how to extract promoter regions given a TF binding site
Pros/cons: linear vs. circular DNA
DNA replacement: new species
How does the size of insert affects the rate of Homologous Recombination in yeast?
What is the purpose of narwals' tusks?
How can we know or measure pain in animals?
Why is oxaloacetate made in the mitochondria?
How to increase contrast with only a top entry specimen holder
Demultiplexing symmetric PacBio reads
Is any known plant magnetic?
Effects of lactic acid ingestion
Is there a fundamental reason that plants cannot fix their own nitrogen?
Can I use yogurt to prevent the growth of black mold?
How does HIV mutate into other strains while keeping their virulent phenotype?
About modern dating techniques
What's keeping living species from rotting?
Why is blood removed from meat?
Can your immune system's cells destroy you? (Critical thinking and Fictional sense)
What is the relationship between protein-protein interaction networks and metabolic networks?
Arm at Heart Level when Measuring Blood Pressure
Help needed in fish identification
How does the Pectoralis Major work when doing a bench press?
How far can we go in engineering our own evolution?
Should hydrogen peroxide be applied on a bloody nose?
Normal ECG/EKG Measurement?
How is it possible for the absolute fitness to be more than 1?
How come all my family have brown eyes and I have blue eyes?
What are the major causes of mutations in DNA?
Why HIS tag is not detected in WB or dot blot?
Why have whales and dolphins not evolved to have gills?
EMBOSS matcher and supermatcher - incongruent results?
Can ingesting substances that are produced by the body cause a permanent withering of the organs that produce the substance?
What percentage of human body's cells are contained in blood?
Are there any DNA sequences shared by all/most Viruses?
How does the ideal free distribution work?
What does confluency mean?
Is it possible to process electrical signals from the brain and interpret the results as exact thoughts?
Immediate stroke/seizure Therapy
What do we use as baseline to determine what genetic segments are "mutations" (and what are not)
How do similar looking carps, but belonging to different species, differ from each other?
Does the use of a Thiazide diuretic affect the ability of a hair follicle to absorb substances?
Why people fear GMOs? Can't we map a plant composition?
How to select genes before log2 ratio on a RNASeq gene expression matrix, based on signal median
Can cell exist without Ribosomes?
Why is carbonylation added as a fixed modification in mass spectrometry peptide analysis?
How can bats achieve good resolution with wide beams?
What are the white spots?
How did multicellular life evolve?
Why are plasmid genes not already incorporated into bacterial chromosomes if necessary for stressful situations?
What makes substances allergenic?
How does ANF increase GFR?
Parasites with both plant and animal hosts?
Relative microRNA comparison from from TCGA data?
Examples of how the presence or absence 2'-hydroxyl groups influence physicochemical properties of DNA and RNA
Why do most organisms have negative supercoiled DNA?
Using a Sphygmomanometer
Did baby bird hair and mammalian hair convergently evolve?
Why does high pH result in the denaturation of DNA?
With humans, is being transgender innate, or caused by social factors?
What is the difference between gene and CDS annotations?
What is the protein with the highest affinity to lactose?
Link between macro lncRNA and DNA looping
Are there anyother method under research for curing rabies?
What's the (or some of the) minimum(s) amount of atmospheric carbon dioxide needed by plants?
why plants cannot use atmospheric nitrogen?
Which organisms have their cell wall made of polysaccharides and amino acids?
Strange Cordeyceps-looking Mushroom in Australia
The human organism knows what we have to eat?
To which negatively charged components of the cell envelopes do the crystal violet complexes bind in gram staining?
Detailed mechanism of the cause of diabetes mellitus type 1?
How do genetic chimeras with different blood types not die?
What is the role pyruvate carboxylase in lipogenesis?
Are bacteria necessary for an individual's life, or, how long could a person live without bacteria?
What are pseudoknots?
Procedure for doing western blot
Common properties of herbs in creating anaphrodisiac effect?
What is the role of Aspartate Transaminase in gluconeogenesis?
White/Gold vs Blue/Black dress
What is the chemical makeup of mealworm frass?
Survival of streptococcus after my scarlet fever
How do I use BEAST for divergence time estimation in this case?
What (open) software there are for simulating behaviour of human (cortical) neurons?
How can TMS induce enough depolarization to cause an action potential?
Biochemical coupling between two enzymatic reactions - Enzymes physically associated?
How are 23 chromosomes in human sperm chosen?
Are there cats with black skin?
if the load is removed from an eccentrically contracting muscle, will it start contracting concentrically?
Protein-Bound Drugs in Kwashiorkor
how food moves in horizontal coils of small intestines
interpreting enhancer and promoter regions of a target gene
Two heterozygote mice for skin color are reproduced. Find the probability that in 3 children 2 will be dark and one white
Why are there both stop and start codons?
Why sigmoid curves appear in quantitative analysis of many biological phenomena?
Are the proteolytic enzymes in syconiums and nettles identical to those in rennet?
Do cell membranes have more phospholipids in one layer than in the other?
Why AZT is selective towards HIV and doesn't impair human DNA replication?
How do we share pain?
How would i describe a Cladogram as paragraph?
What is the basic structure of the nuclear lamina
Nutritious protein substance for vitamin enhanced crop?
Primer design for HLA locus
How do I identify the protein with the highest Disulfide bond density? i.e protein with highest ratio of Disulphide bonds per Peptide bond?
Why do haemophillic females $X^hX^h$ die before birth?
What is the probe that absorbs at 450nm in the presence of NADH in this assay?
How to tell if a beverage will hydrate or dehydrate?
Can virus resistance be acquired through generational exposure?
Are all dinosaur bones radioactive?
Are there multiple meanings to "clone" as in "clone a gene"?
How can E. coli proliferate so rapidly?
The Ancient Kingdom of Monera
Electroporation of one-cell embryo?
(Why) are polar bears more common in Labrador than in southern Greenland?
Degree of dosage compensation in Drosophila melanogaster
Find the probability of Filium (child) that are dark (and) heterozygote
Does malaria have a reservoir host?
Do our ears or brains gradually adapt to noise pollution?
How Do White Blood Cells Learn? Or Do They?
What are the total number of action potentials in the human brain?
Fixation rate at neutral loci
Can life forms exist from simple structures not made of the four bases?
What mechanisms exist for the excision of specific sequences from DNA?
If a gene is located on the X chromosome, does that mean males are never heterozygous for these genes?
Why do Lapidaria margaretae look like stones?
Does DNA have the equivalent of IF-statements, WHILE loops, or function calls? How about GOTO?
Optical density machine name
Sensitivity of eyes to flashing lights
What network motifs or other mechanisms can make the expression of a gene invariable to the environment?
What is our skin made up of?
How does the value of K determine number of local optima in NK model?
What is the maximal insert length for PCR based homologous recombination in S. cerevisae
Telomere and its effect on aging
meaning of the "reads" keyword in terms of RNA-seq or next generation sequencing
What's the maximum pressure inside a bombardier beetle?
Explanation of the meaning of high-throughput
Layman definition of genetic polymorphism?
Cellular Respiration/Fermentation Problem Leading to Lack of Energy
Why mutations in genes involved in general processes like DNA repair increase the risk of developing specific types of cancer?
Examples of extant animals in a submature morphologically unstable evolutionary state?
Stable transfection
What sort of assay could be used to identify mutants with mutator phenotype?
How to safely sterilize urea-containing growth medium?
Why don't vaccines cause bacterial resistance?
How long can Cholera bacteria survive in a dead host?
In which of the following diseases structure of haemoglobin produced is normal but their amount reduced?
What will happen if a scorpion pierces itself?
How to predict the top microRNAs that bind to 3`UTR of a specific gene
Why can bacteria resist topical antibiotics, but not compounds?
What worms devour the body?
Are the irises an exact match in a human's set of eyes?
Are any biology research journals free to publish in?
Why do people with Down syndrome get fewer cancers?
How much pollen is needed to pollinate a flower?
Why does the protection afforded by some vaccines last longer than for others?
What are host cellular factors?
How to explain Genome, Genes, RNA and protein in one figure to non-biologist?
How does optogenetics work?
Two mice heterozygote and black are reproduced. Find the probability of getting the filium dark and heterozygote
Why does cucumber skin kill ants?
What is the minimum eye?
Divalent cation binding to calmodulin
Possible to remove accumulated haze on fluorescence interference filters?
The meaning of RNA-seq data
MTHFR recessive alleles and B-vitamins
Name two reasons why it is impossible to determine a gene's nucleotide sequence from the amino acid sequence of the polypeptide
Retina Transplant Difficulties
Mitochondria variability per tissue in humans?
Can all biological processes be understood as computations and studied as such?
What is the mechanism behind tinnitus?
Which data format for mRNA expression matrix is necessary to run pathway analysis with Paradigm?
How do parrots stabilize their field of view without moving their necks while walking?
Protein PTM site prediction
How do we know if the folding@home project results are right?
enhancers in cell-type-specific signatures
How does de-myelination occur in multiple sclerosis?
Why is amyloplast produced by some plant cells but not other cells?
What proves that speciation is a pairwise process?
What is NK-cell compartments?
Reasons why living fossils exist?
What do trans-fats do when in human body?
Why is an increase in the amount of oxygen in the atmosphere favorable for life?
Do animals other than humans have different blood types?
Reason for different color perception in left/right eyes?
Genotype to phenotype map and the G-matrix
Why do restriction-modification systems work?
Why do insects avoid being on their back?
Why do some bacteria have most genes on the leading strand of the genome?
Is it possible to isolate and analyse intermediates of protein folding?
What is the minimum functional biological light sensor?
Monochromator in fluorescence microscopy
Are gene variants at different loci also called alleles?
Is Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) isohydric or anisohydric species?
Do all organisms have to die?
Is it possible to train allergic resistance by exposing yourself to allergens?
Why are there no known photosynthetic archaea?
Enzyme\Protein amounts in cancer
Can anyone identify this mystery caterpillar?
What, if any, diseases do larder beetles carry?
Introducing novel genes to an adult multicellular organism?
Nomenclature of genes and proteins
Relationship between leaf structure and Photosynthesis rate
What are the roles of cadherins in epithelial mesenchymal transitions?
What's a protein pulldown assay?
RNA-Polymerase III transcribed genes
What are microRNA, siRNA and antisense RNA?
How does alternative splicing work?
Can human mRNA be translated in vitro by prokaryotes?
DNA sequencing problem
Doubt on genomic code for nucleosome positioning?
Is it possible to insert DNA without cutting the recognition site with CRISPR/Cas9?
Why is knowledge of bacterial pathogenesis important?
RNA migrating slower than DNA on Formaldehyde Gel?
What is the IC50 exactly?
What triggers the migration of robins?
Atelectasis due to decreased surfactant in lungs
Is consuming proteins different vs. consuming amino-acids and how?
Incubation time of Antarctic Phosphatase in lab
Mechanism by which $lacI^{d}$ is a dominant mutation, impairing the function of normal copies of the Lac Repressor
How would you effect bulk DNA gene therapy for a human?
How long the homologous arms of the "repair" sequence must be to do homologous recombination?
Is there a DNA analogue to ribozymes?
Is there a specific mechanism for the delivery of pain medication?
What causes the line patterns in the palm of the hand?
How to correlate the pattern by which CAP activator from E.coli binds to DNA and its mechanism of action?
Why is E.coli used as a model?
What is the explanation for the smaller number of tRNA than codons?
What happens during kefir fermentation process?
Help with STRING database data
What sample sizes are ideal for carrying out Bayesian Skyline Plots?
How did bullying arise evolutionarily?
Questions on DNA damage
books for beginners in research in mathematical biology
What physiological processes within a muscle cause the latent period in a muscle fiber?
"Enhancers" of enhancers?
Do DNA repressors exist?
Do transcription factors bind to both strands of DNA?
What are genome wide functional linkages?
How can (or did) Deinococcus radiodurans continue to evolve after developing resistance to mutation?
Yeast absorption of different spectra of light
Is hands-only CPR as effective as traditional CPR?
When is the second polar body extruded from the egg nucleus?
What type of flask should I use to culture NTERA2 embryonic cancer stem cells?
Is (are) there any crucial gene(s) for the formation of flower in flowering plants?
Do butterflies see behind?
What is the role of RAGEs?
Why are butterflies drinking blood?
Are there any de-novo genome assembly programs for HADOOP?
How can I align more than 2 sequences locally?
By what mechanism does Risperidone swell breast tissue?
Hydrogen peroxide decomposition and catalase uses
CRISPR Knock in
Telomerase as cancer target
Why does a human's field of view narrow when moving faster?
Why is the opposite of plantar flexion called "dorsiflexion"?
What happens to the precursor protein's signal sequence after it is cleaved?
Medical Uses of toxic venom
Reconstruction of wildlife distribution based on poorly-sampled data
Can someone link me to resources on the efficiency of sticky end ligation?
Proteins in Milk, Oat , Eggs and Soy
How does a sperm cell die?
Stretching and compressing bones
Can anti-aging cream work?
Is there a database of known riboswitches?
What is the difference between myopia and hyperopia?
C. elegans are either male or hermaphrodites, but why aren't there any females?
Immediate Early Genes during sleep
Can reptiles digest grains?
Is the amount of blood that flows through every vein and artery per minute really a constant?
Are both (partial) copies of DNA transcribed in S and G2 phases of cell cycle?
What level of cellular radiation is harmful for humans?
What is the relationship between radiation and evolution?
Comparing gene expression levels between control and disease at different time points
Barr body Giemsa staining
What are the positive effects of wrongful antibiotic use on a viral infection?
Are Whales More Intelligent Than Humans?
Help identifying what this is in Crayfish gills?
What are the lower and upper hearing limits of the human ear?
How animals know which is carnivorous and herbivorous?
How did birds become so intelligent?
Why does autosomal trisomy have more adverse effects than sex choromosome monosomy or trisomy?
Why does gaining a hydrogen in biology considered reducing a molecule?
What's the difference between male and female?
Obvious phenotypic inheritance markers in humans
Edman method to identify peptides with Phenylisothiocyanate (PTH)
Are unilaterally deaf people able to determine where sound comes from?
Explaining natural selection in moth
How do birds deal with their eyes drying out at high speeds?
Are restriction enzymes active at −20 °C?
Can molecular genetics make a boolean variable from a continuous variable?
Are there sterilisation methods that do not denature proteins as heat does?
Blast output - program to count the number of hits
Can someone who cannot talk still whistle?
Why can't the human eye focus blue light?
Why can we use mouse-produced antibodies on mice tissues?
Why do mitochondria fuse together?
Does mung bean nuclease cleave a phosphate group when it's chewing off 5' or 3' ssDNA ends?
Similarity between a heart attack and a spasm
Is there a biological neuron that spikes in response to hyperpolarizing currents?
Founders of Cnidarian colony
What does these $\Delta \Delta G$ numbers signify?
What is an apomorphy? What is a plesiomorphy? Can someone confirm these definitions?
DNA-DNA cross-linking with formaldehyde?
Should gene therapy safety protocol include isolation?
Finding confidence level of miRNA disease associations
Why are fruits so large compared to their seeds?
Amino acid compatibility
Oligonucleotide purification with desalting
How are Stem Cells Produced for Stem Cell Based Therapies?
Can't resolve protein with native PAGE
Do changes in an organism's cell modify the genetic information it uses for reproduction?
When contracting a muscle will the muscle spindle stretch or contract?
Naming convention of miRNAs
Is there a genomic code for nucleosome positioning?
Is the "concept of time" coded into the genome?
How to gauge the clinical significance of specific cell type presence?
What factors, other than its homochirality, make our "brand" of biology unique?
Where is the aneurysm in this picture?
Serious question about a piece of meat
How to determine genotype?
Why are skin tactile receptors considered to be phasic receptors?
Blood Type/Punnett Square
Risk of autosomal dominant disorder
Is there any way a human could whistle and be unable to speak?
Genes-of-interest analysis between organisms
Is it known how the first viruses formed?
How to get only perfect matches with blastn?
How pain can stimulate the vagus nerve
How does an organism know when to stop growing, whether it is already on the outermost layer?
How to increase the shelf life of yogurt without refrigeration?
How detachment/separation works in biology?
Contact Inhibition of Cell Division: Signaling Pathway
Examples of Vestigial Genes
Can silverfish climb and produce silk?
Is the Klein's bottle a good analogy to the relation between T-tubule and sarcolemma?
What percentage of a cell's volume is occupied by protein?
How to make µg/ml concentrations of proteinase-K?
Sequence compression method / format
Is this a legitimate teratoma for a human pluripotent stem cell assay?
Using an analytical balance (0.0000 precision) to measure µg (micrograms)?
What color was the most recent common ancestor of all swans?
Is it possible to accurately measure micronutrient levels with the blood volume from a Dermal / Capillary puncture?
Mathematical models of lineage selection
Can bioluminescence be used for cancer or tumor detection?
Can other animals see black differently?
Homology ratio comparison between different species
Are free-nuclear division and endomitosis the same?
Can a woman possessing 1 mutated allele show attenuated color-vision deficiency?
Can encoding of miRNAs in introns not cause dysregulation of gene expression?
Possible genotypes for blood types?
Are Gram negative bacteria classified as such because of their negative membrane potential?
DNA polymerase in PCR (polymerase chain reaction)
How do BCAA's promote faster muscle recovery?
Cationic lipid mediated transfection optimization for 150mm dishes
Can the absorption of vitamins be enhanced?
Why do home-grown fruits tend to taste better than mass-produced consumer fruits?
Hand-eye coordination in 3D space
Location of embryo development in angiosperms
Why introduction of an extra copy of a gene related to pigmentation causes RNA interference in Petunia?
Simplified molecular-input line-entry system
Horns in animals and birds
Why proteins are not visible on my membrane after ponceau staining?
Change solvent of bacterial solution
How to quantify the Abundance of a particular gene in Bacteria and Archaea?
Incremental denaturation of protein mixtures
Behavioral change in dolphins during different hemispheres activity periods?
Any good website/book to understand protein folding and enzymes?
Will a store bought cabbage kill my Pieris brassicaes?
Expected time for a neutral allele to reach a frequency of $p_1$ when starting at frequency $p_0$
Proving time travel
Understanding conclusions that functional regions are under negative selection?
Why does allele linkage cause disproportionate phenotypic ratios?
How does the body respond to blood donation; are there any possible risks?
Should we induce fever to assist healing?
Why don't all bacteria have F-plasmids by now?
Are there any disadvantages to HRP conjugated PRIMARY antibodies
Can bacterial RNA be degraded at -80⁰C in a SDS solution?
Why does polyploidy give an evolutionary advantage?
Splice in with CRISPR/Cas
Cysticercoids of Eucestoda
Safe parameters for external nerve stimulation using electrical impulses
What would happen if we had a device that produced oxygen inside of our lungs?
Why are killer whales found in the Gulf of Mexico smaller than ones found in the Pacific?
Are nucleic acids found in cell membranes?
Evolution theory - roses spikes - being more bulgy doesn't give you advantage
Is there a significant difference in sedentary calorie-burn between a thinker and non-thinker?
Does the human hand have 27 degrees of freedom?
Why is living muscle tissue seemingly able to restore its shape under force, while dead tissue is not?
Is there a formula for determining the % of ligand bound to a given receptor in a mixture with multiple ligands and receptors?
What exactly is neuroplasticity, and can it be demonstrated with a simple experiment?
RNA polymerase question
What are iPSC cells, and what are their applications?
Are there mechanisms that limit the amounts of time conjugation and F-plasmid transfer can happen? If yes, what are they?
Why are triacylglycerols broken down before being absorbed?
Location of TFBS in genome
Understanding recombination scoring in family pedigrees
Ethanol production by fermentation?
Is it possible for a human to wake up in a wrong way?
Are there any mutagens that can undo the mutations they cause?
How is excretion of metabolic wastes from a cell related to its size?
What is this pink-flowering plant found in Shanghai, China in March?
Do all kind of unicellular asexual reproductions let mutations happen, resulting in evolution?
Why do apples taste sweeter at the bottom?
Differences between Gradualism and Uniformitarianism
Which sources can I use to study botany and horticulture?
Which is the guideline to choose a molecular target to identify vertebrate hosts from arthropod bloodmeals?
Does taking a shower have the same effect on muscles as warming up?
Ways to cause membrane damage to microalgae and yeast?
Why do humans stop growing?
Measuring a plant's electric activity any instructions where to place electrodes?
SNPs in DNase hypersensitive and histone marks sites
What is the impact of stress on the human body?
Pasteurization and Bioavailability of Antioxidants in Beet Juice
Why did humans evolved the scratch reflex?
How precisely can we sense temperature differences?
Why can newborns swim?
Why we have just 2 teeth cycles, primary and secondary not more?
Which information can be obtained from a list of gene names?
Difficulties understanding a pathway
How do the homologous chromosomes pair up and position themselves along the center of the cell?
Do sweat pores change diameter?
Where to find E.coli gene expression data?
What is the function of dendritic cell in immunity?
Alcohol and athletes?
Why do women live longer than men?
What is the difference between meristem and bud?
Why don't half of us have situs inversus?
Can Leptospirosis be spread through human urine
Is it possible for humans to digest and live on food that isn't based on DNA or RNA?
Do nucleosomes ever completely unwrap during transcription?
Epistasis Across Chromosomes and Individuals 'Homozygous for Interactions'
Selection Pressure on Orca Whale Coloration
What is the statistical relationship between radioactivity and mutation rate?
The selective pressure of contraceptives
What are the typical values of probabilities for nonspecific binding to an antibody?
Circadian Clock During a Flight
Why does a "cascade" of events happen during signal transduction?
Richard Goldschmidt's “systemic mutations”?
Water soluble molecules
Core Biological concepts explained to a Computer Scientist?
Why do naked mole rats live in colonies with a queen?
Myopia as a microscopic superpower?
Why reference genome is a reference?
What's the frequency resolution of the human ear?
How to do Sliding 80mer Window search against a database with fasta
What is the maximum number of babies a human woman can have?
How can I use this data to make a function?
How does a microelectrode work?
Are all action potentials the same shape and amplitude when graphed with respect to time?
How does a change in the potential across a neuron's membrane get turned into a signal that is sent down the axon?
Solid mouse (C57BL/6) WT primers
Where do amino acids get attached to tRNA and where is it synthesized?
What is meant by nucleated in this context?
Bolyerine Snakes maxillary bone, split?
How does the placement of it's motor domain affect the directionality of a motor protein?
Horizontal Gene Transfer
What kind of experiments could you do to see which end of a microtubule is most dynamic?
What physical force attracts the anti-codon on tRNA to the codon on mRNA during translation?
Markers for human genetic mapping
Do you know of ways that help a plant to produce more flowers?
Cholesterol's role in lipid uptake
Involuntary twitches and apnoea during early phases of sleep
Regulation of V. cholerae virulence factors
What is the chemical composition / empirical formula of Herpes Simplex 1?
What percentage of cells in the human body are infected during a non-fatal viral infection?
How is circadian rhythm of gastric acid secretion regulated?
Why is 5S-rRNA is different from other rRNAs in place of transcription and usage of RNA polymerase?
NADH shuttles - Why cytosol?
What is the difference between sinew and tendon?
What is the purpose of gluconeogenesis?
How are ketone bodies used?
Time required for RNA precipitation in ethanol
Why doesn't the body optimize how many fatty acids it burns?
Why use creatine phosphate?
Phylogenetic method to detect shift in mean of continuous variable
Reasons for the HIV-1 epidemic
Question about cytoskeleton coordination
Why is Pilobolus phototropic?
Can we use the HIV antibody test to detect HIV in newborns?
What pattern can be learned from the data of RNA seq counts and HiC matrix?
Hardy-Weinberg Color-blind
Are genotypes with the same two alleles equivalent even if the alleles come from different parents?
Is the motor cortex identical to the sensorimotor cortex?
Why do four spermatids have different genomes?
Beta oxidation of saturated fats
What produces the strong odor of decaying dead animals?
Genetic Imprinting and Cell differentiation
How to define drug-resistant or -sensitive cell line when knowing the IC50 values?
Blood as newtonian flow and Poiseuille law
Identifying an insect looking like a crumle
What Goes on in Photosystems at the Molecular/Atomic Level?
Do The Traces Genetic Diseases Remain in families?
Closing a Plasmid by Ligation
Why differentiated cells can't "undifferentiate" (under normal conditions)?
ratio between heat transfer coefficient and thermal conductivity
How can human infants express chymosin with only a pseudogene at their disposal?
Case study and speculations on the brain of Edward Mordake
Cellular Immunity Response
DNA content doubling in interphase
Swapping genes?
Liver - Regeneration in Cirrhosis
Transformation efficiency
Where to find gene manipulation video (or photos)
Why is there only adrenoreceptors and no active adrenergic innervation in bronchus and uterus?
Can leukopenia in a person with an otherwise normal immune system lead to non-infectious diseases in the long-term?
Given an EC50 value, how do I reproduce the sigmoidal curve from which this was calculated?
Survival with only water but no food
What is the so called "hepatic glucose production"
When glucose production is low, the brain begins using ketoacids as energy... how does that work?
Common Metrics of Assessing DNA Sequence Quality
Why didn't a concept like "pointers" in Computer Science evolve in the genome?
What is 'refractile' cell morphology?
DIY storing family DNAs' samples for future uses (eg medical)
How does a cell create/gain its initial ribosomes for protein synthesis?
Workspace preparation and cleanup for DNA work
Software recommendation for protein in electric field modeling?
Why do people in the scientific community use terminology such as renal, hepatic, cardiac instead of kidney, liver and heart?
Online resources for entomology?
What is this arachnid?
Why do people feel pleasure when using roller coasters / centrifuges?
Is there a cellular mechanism that detects Ribosomal damage?
Question about epinephrine
What does saying a phylogenetic tree is 'well resolved' mean?
What makes a good phylogenetic tree?
Regarding cryonics, why can't you freeze a living body and then thaw it later, fully functional?
Why do body parts sometimes get a itching and tingling feeling when falling asleep?
Mosquito physics
Why do mushrooms grow in rings (sometimes called "Fairy Rings")?
How to isolate host cell RNA (tRNA,mRNA,rRNA) from viral RNA?
Why are there no trees in Texas?
What causes a small bump in the arterial pressure plot?
Why should or shouldn't we allow the human body to take its natural course?
Do muscles still hold glycogen reserves if there is no carbohydrate input
Before Evolution was proposed by Charles Darwin, what were the leading secular theories to explain how life developed?
How to tell if a given gene is a tumor suppressor or oncogene?
Can yeast in a primary fermentation of wine be used as a source of yeast for new fermentation?
What is this mushroom?
How can the phenotypic effects of a tumor suppressor mutation be silenced?
What governs the distribution of blood vessels?
Could an action potential produce few or more neurotransmitters based on the stimulus received?
Why is there smooth muscle in our bronchioles?
What's the proton concentration around a DNA helix?
Retrovirus Production
What is a complex?
How is ATP involved in muscle contraction?
Can a person's body produce enough electricity to break a wristwatch?
Why are people unable to develop lasting immunity against Norovirus?
What is the insight of Frank Starling law of the heart?
Microalgae without cell walls?
What does it mean for a hormone to be "active"
from an ageing reproductive stem cell's DNA to baby's "brand new" somatic cells' DNA
Heterocyst function in cyanobacteria and its localization
Does hypothalamus regulate posterior pituitary gland?
What is the difference between "physical interaction" and "genetic interaction"?
Can we knock out Caspase-9 *and* avoid breast cancer phenotype in our mouse model?
What are phenetic analyses used for?
Term for a leaf in a family tree
Do blood glucose "spikes" contribute to insulin resistance, or is prolonged elevation required?
Green Film Build up in Glass Water Bottle
Do ant colonies prioritize survival of particular members above others?
Why are pharmacology studies so experimental?
Are Sciomyzidae fit to combat snails?
What is the mechanism behind plants losing their leaves?
Neuronal coordinates of C.elegans
SDS Laemmli Gel that did not solidify
What is this bug?
Who are these biologists?
Hopeful Monsters in Plants?
Are there single-celled organisms that have evolved from multi-cellular ones?
Why does the membrane of a neuron not stay at its depolarized state?
Why is it harder to sequence plant genomes than animal genomes?
Is there any alternative to cryopreserve cell lines without -80 freezer?
Forensic genetics- why is mtDNA comparison sometimes better than nDNA comparison?
What is correct MVM vs. MMV?
What is the purpose of using two layers of gel in SDS- PAGE?
Are prosauropods ancestors of all sauropods?
Genetic Relationship Matrix
Why do plants produce so many hybrids as a kingdom?
Do macrophages get nutritional value from the pathogens that they eat?
Does freezing microorganisms such as probiotics kill them?
GWAS: why is replication in another cohort so crucial?
Current Trend in Evolution of Human Intelligence
Correct/complete representation of RTPCR statistics
Do bacteria precipitate in static liquid culture media?
Organisms that contain rare chemical elements
How does a metronome help in controlling breathing rate?
Fats as energy source
Biofilm microtiter experimental design
A non human adaptive behaviour with a spandrel
What determines the spiral direction of plants?
How is instinct carried from one generation to another?
variance in zygotic gene expression across species
Help me identify this spider from my garden
Difference between facilitated diffusion and secondary active transport in cells
Comparative Genomics
How do I make conclusions from the autoradiograph of a Southern blot?
Does breathing air containing 3% carbon dioxide gives you a headache?
Does ale give less of a hangover than a lager?
Decreasing Solubility as Solvent Moves Higher in Paper Chromatography
Do "non-human" animal like cat, dog, bird or fish think about future while sleeping?
Is [O2] different in a 5 mL liquid media?
Magnetic-activated cell sorting vs. FACS
Energy consumption of a resting synapse
Surface Power Density of Fluorescing Reaction
The ring formation of ringworm
Powdered meal replacement vs regular meal
Photolysis of Water?
Latency differences between our senses
What's a mouth ulcer/canker sore "made of", and why do they develop?
Formation of life on other Planets
Alder Tree Root Nodule Origins?
Non Coding DNA and its effect on evolution
Which monkey species features two distinct male phenotypes?
Is emergence connected to nature's transition between fractal regimes at different size scales?
What has caused life to choose this unfathomably tiny subset of all possible proteins?
What is the most reliable tumour suppressing gene for NSCLC?
Literature that demonstrates organisms have a competitive advantage in numbers
Is it possible to knock out a gene in adults?
Which sequence assemblers I can use to compare different paradigms?
Do sodium channels keep renewing themselves with new subunits made by genes?
Why can I see a light flicker when it's in my peripheral vision?
Did cats evolve from monkeys ? or vice versa?
Does creatine-phosphate (CP) supplementation regenerate NADH?
Why *morning walk*?
Book/source for learning bioinformatics, focused on genomics?
Cell energy consumption and food intake
If oxygen deficiency is bad even for a short while, why do people swim?
DNA length and annealing kinetics
What are the factors on which protein-protein interaction depend?
Why do we get tired
"bead" on a string theory of genetics, source?
How does the brain cool itself?
Why are clementines easier to peel than oranges?
Help me identify this insect
Applying kiwis on gelatin
Why do spiders make their web near the ceiling and near a light source?
Do we instinctially interpret birdsongs as a sign that there are no predators present?
Does DNA polymerase always go the same direction?
What does it mean when a protein has a different excitation spectra than wildtype, but the same emission spectra?
What is the magnification necessary to see pond life
blue/white screening - results are opposite as expected
Do non-enzyme catalysed reaction pathways exist?
Does the biosphere have infinite resources and are they infinitely renewable?
Help reading chromatogram
Help reading gene markers
Modeling inclusive fitness
Does the body have a gate control for pain
Is cysteine deficiency possible?
Biostatistics: Pollen dispersal directionality
What are the survival limitations of alcohol?
what is linkage disequilibrium supposed to measure?
Mammal vs Placental Mammal
When do plasmids replicate relative to its host cell cycle?
Y Chromosome in Ovary Cancer Data
Is RNA polymerase affected by proteins bound to the coding sequence of a gene?
What is the difference between influenza A and B viruses that causes their distinct seasonal patterns?
Do acetyl-CoA, acetyl-CoA carboxylase and acetyl-glutamate carry any charge?
How is haemophilia dominant in human females?
Are stem cell lines cryogenically preserved or commercially available like HeLa cells are?
Why do some proteins "use" a beta barrel structure instead of alpha helices in transmembrane space?
Are all protein composed of all the amino acid (in animal) or are there less diverse protein?
What's a good simple test for cDNA library quality?
What is the difference between intrinsic and extrinsic apoptosis?
Why does mint oil feel cold on the skin?
Why are 2 electrons transported from photosystem II at the same time?
Is blood regarded as an organ?
Does the palate truly house the sense of taste?
How to use swiss-mod to predict the secondary structure and 3D structure of a protein?
I have a black tiny bug crawling all over the house
Are there human cells, apart from red blood cells and platelets, without a nucleus?
How can we create a living dinosaur using DNA technology?
Quantitative Trait Locus process?
What is this frog?
How long do the periods of systole and diastole last?
How Does NADPH Reduce 1,3-BPG?
How to analyse an ECG?
When is Water Produced During Photosynthesis?
Does the term "upper extremity" include hands?
Why do flagella form a bundle only when they rotate counterclockwise during chemotaxis?
What is the connection between exercise and muscle growth
Are more molecules of ADP than inorganic phosphate returned to the light reaction in photosynthesis?
Biological origin of shuddering during sleep
What is genodiversity good for?
How accurate does the alignment of molecules in DNA have to be?
What is a new biotechnology issue?
Does suffocation pain involve nociceptors?
Which protein complex is composed of the greatest number of different kinds of proteins, and how many types are involved?
Is it in principle possible to revive an extinct species having no living relatives?
How did the introduction of artificial light changed the life cycle of a plant?
What is this insect? Found in Peru
Neuroscience of mathematicians
Stop codons and exons?
Reliability of Sanger sequencing
Has a new functional structure ever been observed arising spontaneously?
Why Doesn’t Hypercalcemia Cause Muscle Spasms?
Can scientists name themselves in the scientific name when they discover a new taxon?
How can we differentiate between respiration and breathing?
Is it possible to express the cistrons from a polycistronic insertion fragment in a single plasmid?
Energy transformations in chemiosmosis and ATP synthase
Resources of all known biochemical pathways?
What does it mean: carrying the stably integrated gene
Evolutionary distance between Canidae, Felidae, and Rodentia
Problem involving selfing (inbreeding it with itself) a plant to generate purebred lines
Human bone density and Brown Bear bone density?
Can intron become exon in alternative splicing?
How is the "fine mapping of pelvic regulatory region" done in this paper?
Is cyanocobalamin toxic?
Why do fingers swell during cold winters?
How can green algae be both multicellular and unicellular?
Parameters for Fitzhugh-Nagumo model of Action Potential
How far in can non-extremophiles live, in Earth?
Primer Design With Primer-BLAST
What is the probability of fixation for a mutant under fluctuating selection?
Difference between pulse and blood pressure
How can I create R8 (homopolymer repeat) filter without using illumina pipeline?
Our muscles give us the ability to move our arms but....?
Ribosomal DNA references sequences
How many mitotic divisions do haploid cells undergo before fertilization?
Woodpecker pecking, an effective evolution?
What is the reason behind high resting membrane potential of pacemaker cells?
Oscillatory electrical system using a chain of neurons
How do minute changes in an organism, as a result of evolution, get carried over to next generation
Why can we control our breath rate but not our heart rate?
Are vegetables really needed in our diet?
Why is translocation of food in the phloem still a debate?
Does the DNA of a tadpole change after it becomes a frog?
Question regarding an Escherichia coli reaction
Is there any biological support for the concept of "chakras"?
Does crude oil or kerogen contain ancient DNA?
Specificity of the immune system
Before I move my arm the brain sends signals - what causes the brain to send signals?
Why do genes with closely related functions often reside on different chromosomes?
Do human-ape hybrids exist?
Recessive alleles at Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium
GPCRs: Gi and Gs
Can we produce synthetic red blood cells lacking antigens?
What is contiguous premise culling and dangerous contact culling?
Do we have fundamental conflict in biology?
Where does the exudate comes from during inflammation?
Where is pollenkitt secreted?
Generate T2/T1 Phage Resistant E Coli
Advantages of gregarious vs solitary behaviour?
What is the developmental basis of the placental sac?
Difference between taking tissue of cancer from secondary place or primary place
Identification of a plant (in a pot)
During the process of correcting mutations via gene therapy, is the defective gene removed?
Identification of a larva
Can we make a rough estimate of the number of generations since the origin of life?
Is it possible to express a mutant gene only in a specific tissue?
Determining how much energy a plant takes in?
Synteny, genetics?
Why is my peripheral vision better for seeing in the dark?
Can a relationship exist that is mutualistic/parasitic/etc. but not considered symbiotic?
Is homosexuality an adaptation in humans?
Would it be possible to create a gel, holding viruses, that could alter the human genome when rubbed in?
How is protein cavity centre related to binding?
Any evolutionary explanation for human blood groups?
How can a heart of human work if one of its valve is not working?
Finding Rna-Seq dataset for C. Elegans (Caenorhabditis elegans)
Mutations/deletions with CRISPR
D/L configuration for amino acids
Bayes theorem for mutations
Do any birds have established "poke a predator's eyes out" behavior?
What happens when we stretch?
Similarity between the human genome and archea genome in deep sea hydrothermal vents?
Extracting cell-free DNA
minimum ratio of the shortest isoform to the longest one derived from one same parent gene
One Gene and many proteins
Why in acute phorpyria?
Identify chromosome location from gene nucleotide or amino acid number
The effect on the efficacy and potency of a non-competetive antagonist binding to the active site of the receptor (dose-response curve)
Evolution of dominance of alleles
Recommend good conversational books to learn about cell and developmental biology or biochemisty?
Chromosome picture, how to interpret?
Using Jpred to predict secondary structure
Why Insect bites are itchy rather than pain?
Feeling of spicy
Why doesn't mitochondrial DNA accumulate damage over successive generations?
How does cancer of the larynx (laryngeal cancer) affect the respiratory system?
Human population growth - where can I find the data?
Does embryonic development mimic (partly at least) the evolution of organisms on earth?
Drosophila biarmipes gene annotation, transposable element?
A doctor might give bicarbonate (HCO₃¯) to a patient who is breathing very rapidly. What is the doctor assuming about the patient’s blood chemistry?
Multiplex PCR, shorter amplicon inhibiting longer amplicon?
Basic Modelling in Quantitative Genetics
What are those visual and auditory reflex controlled by the midbrain?
What causes muscle spasms?
What does a read simulator do?
Why do slime molds pulsate when growing into their fruiting body?
Regarding benzoic acid and its effects
Proteins that give color (without fluorescence)
Multistability in the lactose ultization network
Lentivector biosafety
Do restriction enzymes on read 3' to 5'?
Why do only humans commit suicide?
Macrophages and what they consume
How does the partial pressure of oxygen affect mental focus?
Are there any examples of how to apply evolutionary models?
How does inbreeding depression cause infertility?
Over what range do Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) levels tend to fluctuate over the course of a day?
Determining the percentage of the query of an alignment from a BLAST output
Is the number of stamens always 9 for geranium?
Limited space for animals - how is that bad?
Neural coupling between Pinsky-Rinzel (reduced Traub) neuron with a Wang-Buzsaki neuron?
What is a "NuMA protein"?
Can the Staph streak method be used for culturing Neisseria on blood agar?
(Genetics) Is a silencer the same as gene silencing (heterochromatin)?
Biopython - Big Discrepancy Calculating RNA melting Temperature over Literature
Consuming animals by slaughtering vs injecting barbiturates?
Some kind of better oxygen-transport protein or something... Can you help me find it?
Linkage Disequilibrium in GWAS
How does frame-shift mutation not absolutely ruin the organism?
Antibodies stored in freezer instead of fridge
What will happen to transcription if histone acetyltransferases are removed from a eukaryotic cell?
Genetic notations
Why some parts of the human body have immune privilege?
Identifying the origin of replication of an unannotated *E. coli* plasmid
Are there fishes with a double circulatory system?
Trying to understand the big picture behind DNA sequencing, alignment and searching
How to conceptualize the action potential?
Influence of eating at late night on sleep
What does this mutation notation mean: MAP2K41161fs*12
Mechanism behind negative conductance of ion channels
How to compute the regression of individual fitness on individual phenotype
How could I identify whether given RNA-seq data is paired end or single end
What are the units of Phylogenetic Independent Contrasts (PICs)
History: Building a "Phylogenetic network" of famous evolutionary biologists
Specific numbers of nucleotides in Okazaki fragments
An example for N50? Why do we need it?
Storing Taqman plates with polymerase in fridge before running
Why are some housekeeping genes considered better?
Why MHC class I antigen presentation exist in normal cells?
Why do teeth decay of sugar?
did pteranodons live in colonies?
E. coli not growing in liquid medium
Infrared emitting diode eye safety
Mitochondrial D-Loop
Evolutionarily, why do male rats and horses lack nipples?
Why don't we keep evolving until we are super-human?
Very introductory online source of information in evolutionary biology
Would it be more genetically efficient to have shorter lifespans?
Are upstream activating factor (UAF) and upstream binding factor (UBF) the same thing?
Why is the brain dependent on glucose?
Mathematical modelling of omics data
Downstream analysis after in vivo pathogen RNAseq
Cleavage of RNA by restriction enzymes?
Question about contents of small bowel
How does myopia actually work?
Stable and strong promoter?
White blood: cells concentration
Why are Oxyuranus snake species named Taipan?
Would somebody born 'reversed' (e.g. heart on their right side, etc.) be completely healthy?
rRNA colony PCR amplification not working
Why are there more stomatal openings on the lower surface of a dicot leaf?
How many NOD like receptors in Human?
What is meant by clonal isolates?
Terminology for inefficacy of selection on recessive alleles
Dominant and recessive epistasis
how to find accurately the closest species to my plant species?
What recovers normal polarisation after hyperpolarisation?
What is the location of the Hypoglossal nerve?
Why are there ghost images of objects just out of focus
Is there an absolute minimum intensity level to the stimuli we can perceive?
How can 3' end polyadenylation protect cellular RNA from ribonuclease degridation?
What is the difference between a mechanistic and a statistical predictive model?
Who is organizing the heartbeat and its roles in the body?
Is Sanger sequencing still used in labs, and therefore worth learning?
What is the convention for log notation in biology?
NCBI-geo differences between platforms,series and samples
What is the difference between polar and charged amino acids?
Does blood typing still provide a use for ancient tissue analysis?
How is cancer associated with host pathogen interaction?
Does breath-holding cause permanent brain damage?
Questions regarding a particular paper
RF Cautery DNA damage?
Oxygenated hemoglobin in MRI
Analytical Methods for Estimating Probability of Fixation
Insect (I hope) identification
Horizontal gene transfer from humans
How does CO₂ concentration affect photosynthesis?
determining meaning of basic biological keywords about C. elegans
Is it safe to look indirectly at the Sun?
Wearing sunglasses during a solar eclipse
Were we able to create vitamin B12 in past?
Are flowers / flowering plants vital to all life on Earth?
Why do cows (and other hooved animals) need a hierarchy?
Are fish roe unicellular?
Neuston vs pleuston
What is this flying insect?
Inoculation vs. vaccination
How does loss of the electrochemical gradient result in heat production?
Explanation of ECG in MI using an electrostatic model
Pits and Pores in Vascular Tissue
What portion of the electromagnetic spectrum do cats see?
What does the Gini index mean in a biochemical context?
Question related to L-arginine biosynthesis
Evolution of Wheat
The Uniqueness of DNA Paradox
How to calculate the number of sterile insects that must be released in SIT?
Neuroscience behind the crash
How did the endoplasmic reticulum come to be?
How can computer predictions of protein folding be verified computationally?
Solubility of DNA in water
What is cross-immunoreactivity, and how does it impact vaccine development?
What is the difference between sequence, reads, and contigs of genetic material?
What are the mechanistics of stinging nettles?
Why aren't genetic triplets roughly evenly found in DNA?
Programmatic way to differentiate homodimers from heterodimers?
Doing a medical study on yourself?
Getting read size less then specified in parameter file Flux Simulation
The dominance variance on a single locus
If the haploid prothallium of a fern fertilizes itself into a diploid sporophyte, does this make all ferns clones?
Do High Iron Stores (but within the healthy range) Make Sun Exposure Damage Worse?
What does the term "relay competent" mean?
Evolutionary advantages of wet nose of cats and dogs?
Can DNA test of my grandparent's brother reveal my heritage from that branch of the family?
What is the point at which abiogenesis is complete and evolution begins?
Does anxiety about weight or eating cause people to become overweight?
Can pandas hunt for meat?
Are blood vessels organs?
Pavlovian Conditioning And Synesthesia
Recent classification for parasitoid (ecological relationships)
Terminology regarding cross-immunoreactivity
Why are bacteria immune to snake poisons?
What is the contribution of the cockroach to the ecological environment?
What is the difference between electrons and energy?
What is peptide mapping?
Recommend any Molecular lab LIMS (Laboratory Information Management System)
What is the distance between the sciatic nerve and the colon at the closest point?
Do DNA supply houses maintain a watch list for dangerous oligos (Anthrax, Smallpox, etc.)?
Can the Hebbian theory apply to Inhibitory Neurons
Zoology - Help identify the kind of spider
Why "broad" instead of "large" cross-immunoreactivity?
What is self-immunoreactivity?
Do I have to use sucrose to induce a lac promoter?
What is the trigger of pollen tube formation when the pollen is on the stigma?
What effects would be caused by exposure to common life forms with opposite enantiomer biology?
Can a lack of sleep degrade balance?
Why sister chromatids and daughter cells but not brother chromatids and son cells?
How is it determined in a zygote state of foetus, that which side is mouth and which side is for anus?
When and How do pacemaker cells develop during the cell aggregation process of Dictyostelium discoideum?
THYROGLOBULIN (19S) comes to a heavier position than ferritin (51S). Why?
Term for trait that is advantageous to a population only as long as it is rare
Is there a name for the evolutionary loss of vestigial structures?
Relationship between toxicity of drugs and negative effects on brain
What is the protein sequence taken as input in the Path-A prediction system
Brain regeneration - book recommendation
classical conditioning paradigm for hippocampal learning
Why can action potentials not be initiated at dendrites?
Is the blastocyst a coeloblastula?
Does "mind" has any physical reality in biology? Or is it just an assumptive concept?
Current along an axon
How sterile is sterile when working with nucleic acids to prevent contamination?
How exactly is glyceraldehyde 3-Phosphate reverted to ribulose 1,5-bisphosphate for the continuation of the calvin cycle?
What would be required to evolve an animal (non-human) brain to obtain human-level cognition?
How do bumblebees and hornets avoid the negative effects of inbreeding?
External sensory stimuli that awaken a person from sleep
Why are abiogenesis and evolution considered unrelated?
What are the "minimum requirements" for a single cell?
Which wavelength to use to determine algae using a colorimeter?
How the pattern of fertilization path is determined before the cell division to form the blastocyst? Is it individually specific?
Why does the inhibition of translation initiation cause the accumulation of 80S ribosomal monosomes?
Is Batesian mimicry more important for females?
Evolution and Phenotypes.
Is missing Q wave characteristic for Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome?
Can sugar be absorbed orally within seconds?
Where does the term "cos site" come from?
How to seek for available genetic data relevant to ecology and evolution?
18S rRNA sequence
Is the human biological clock genetically programmed or learnt?
Why cannot there be multiple sources for same species origins?
Factors on which one compound transforming to another compound depend
Why does an electrical shock freeze up muscles?
Recessiveness of allele for protection of organism
What are multicell spheroids?
Skin color explanation?
Do both Carbamazepinum and Lamotriginum increase glutamate threshold?
Does homeopathic or herbal treatment of cancer have any scientific recognition?
T7 Tagging in Synthetic Biology
How does visual sexual arousal work between the eyes, brain, and genitals/gonads?
T7 Tagging Next to Met
Plasmid: Empty Backbone?
Why Pan_troglodytes-2.1.3 Assembly renamed as a Pre in ENSEMBL?
Why do we do nested PCR?
How does coconut water solidify into hardened coconut meat?
Is the amount of dNTPs rate limiting for very long PCR products?
What's the name of this flower?
What does the energy in an energy pyramid represent?
What ways are there to determine how big genera are?
What are these pathways called in Biology?
Species ID: Buckyball-like fungus
How is genetic speciation defined?
Do females retain oogonia after puberty?
What is this Tree?
Restriction sites
Was the recent "conservation hunt" of a black rhino supported by science?
Primers for human tissue?
Can nociceptors die because of too much mechanical stress?
Tree identification from dried branch
Is there a protocol for freezing and thawing Bacillus subtilis cells?
How pronounced is the difference if we would change the running direction for runners?
Why is it difficult to bend the waist while keeping the knees straight?
Are there any papers arguing against vaccination in French?
A question on glycolysis
Comparison of gene expression time series in vitro and in vivo
How do I know which alleles the parents have?
In protein-protein interactions what is the difference between a binding site and an interface?
Insect Identification - Black Cicada
How does a virus reach its host, it is always passive?
Looking for good reference book in molecular biology
What is "theae folium"?
Risks in bacterial phage therapy
What kind of memory is "keyboard/keypad memory"?
What can cause a lump in the middle of the neck? (homework case study)
Sexually homologous traits
Why don't phospholipid bilayers dissolve?
Is there a consensus on the CaMV 35S minimal promoter sequence?
Why do smaller mammals move intermittently?
Y-chromosome and phenotype
How to calculate the Jaccard index
Do babies resemble their father?
Oral allergy syndrom, continuation of continuous consumption of allergen
What is this insect that has invaded my home in Texas?
What is the connection between sleep requirement and age?
Can light pollution cause cancer?
How copy number variation thresholds are defined in GISTIC
Affymetrix SNP data, how to filter out rows based on rsid
Identity by descent among unrelated individuals
How many smaller muscles compose the interosseus muscle in the human hand?
Queller's 1985 version of Hamilton's rule
Why is it $q^2$ for the individual count in hardy weinberg?
Are amantadine and rimantadine MOAs unknown to evolution?
What is Meriva Phytosome Curcumin?
Why do these earthworms stay between the road lines?
How are smell and taste in fish differentiated?
How does ecology differ from biology?
What makes heavy metals toxic?
DNA extraction methods for hair?
A request for an overview of the cranial nerves
Why do athletes see a dip in performance in their thirties?
If red blood cells have no mitochondria how are they able to metabolize glucose?
Why don't most animals have "heads" in the middle of their bodies?
What do ants do with human finger nails?
What's the name of this beetle?
What's the name of this caterpillar?
Are corn kernels considered a grain
aluminum sulfate vs (NH4)2SO4 in Colloidal Coomassie Staining Sol
Book-recommendation: plant biophysics
What species does this moth belong to?
Why does flu vaccination only work against specific strains?
The Human Menstrual Cycle
Do rare earth metals actually repel sharks?
Can suppression of the immune system help cure chronic diseases?
ATP required for cell processes
Why increasing the vector concentration does not increase the effeciency of bacterial transformation?
Why is the gene regulation in eukaryotic cells needs multiple level of control than in prokaryotic cells?
Can these "Promega Wizard genomic DNA Purification kit" be used for samples not stated directly?
How do Mockingbirds find each other during mating season?
Vegetable Cellulose
How can octopus walk if muscles can only contract?
What is effectiveness of methyl-alcohol as sporicide?
Proline Iminopeptidase v Proline Aminopeptidase
CRISPR-Cas Systems
How do nuclear membranes form during Telophase of Mitosis/Meiosis?
Non-cumbersome respiration sensor for sleep study?
Do I need to serially dilute E. coli cultures for optical density measures?
How to prove that pork meat has parasites
Would it be possible to regulate proper phosphorylation so the UPR wouldn't initiate a reactionary cell death in important cells?
Why is triclosan not considered an antibiotic?
Why do epithelial cells arrest in response to serum?
Why is Electrical Cardioversion contraindicated in AF and Digitalis Poisoning?
What is the distinction between the terms detrivores, decomposers, saprotrophs and saprozoic organisms?
Are there eukaryotes with fully working mitochondria but without mitochondrial genes?
Value of mathematical models in biology
Will tagging a protease with HlyA for secretion inactivate the protease?
Are there constraints on where intron/exon boundaries occur with respect to the triplet codons of the reading frame?
From a computer science perspective, how is DNA compared for various purposes?
Measuring body size in flies/insects
Differing number of "things" in mammals
What is a genetic marker?
Background correction when reading ELISA with TMB substrate
What's a segmented copy number profile
How can electric fields inhibit tumor growth?
What is the difference between a spore and a cyst?
Do humans have skin cells that trigger oxytocin release in the brain?
Are Humans Considered Keystone species?
Can someone identify this plant?
What is the name of this flower? The photo was taken in the Okanagan Valley, British Columbia
Primer heterodimer problem
Flower identification (England, late May)
How are behaviors genetically coded in animals?
Dynamic mutation and huntington's
Write the haplotypes of the family
Is the golden ratio of anatomic measurements universally beneficial for sexual reproduction?
Transformation of E.coli cells
Why does the human brain not overfit when training at some task?
How is magnet based bead capture used for indexing-first ChIP-seq?
Independent contrasts with non-homologous traits
Which tree's root can grow the longest?
How do roots obtain nutrition?
Gene frequency problem
Walk me through microsatellite markers and PCR
Which are mobile and immobile elements in plants?
What does this sentence about angina mean?
Are there examples of now-living species where one is descended from the other?
Plasmid gene knockout
Pedigree problem and type of inheritance
Is there a way to examine amount of red/white muscle fibers without biopsy?
Viruses selected by evolution
X-recessive disorders and genetic markers
Chromosomal translocation notation
How can omnivores be in more than one trophic level?
120-year-old gene regulation problem independently solved by a computer. How?
Imidazoline receptor agonist in clonidine?
Doxorubicin's intercalant and topoisomerase inhibition in leukemia?
Are there any culinary fruits that are not botanically fruits or accessory fruits?
Is dinoprost PGF2-alpha or PGE2?
Why can't this be 1st meiotic division non-disjunction as well?
Why does our eyes got wet when we feel emotional or whenever we are hurt?
Confused with gamete sorting problem
X-recessive disorder pedigree confusing me
Why do surface mole tunnels follow directly below the electric fenceline
How do carrier RNAs increase yield in sequencing experiments?
A free book/resource for learning genetics?
Can plants live forever?
How do we know that ammonites are a kind of cephalopod rather than another type of mollusc?
Why is Benzylpenicillin better in Bacterial Meningitis than Amoxicillin?
How does amiodarone act as an alpha and beta blocker?
Can carnivores survive on a (processed) vegetarian diet? Why or why not?
Do plants with non-green leaves have chlorophyll and photosynthesis?
What is the scientific name of this plant?
What kind of beetle is this?
How much heat can a human sustain?
Explanation of protocol in DNA extraction experiment
Mating types in fungi (and somatogamy)
Isogametes and oogametes
How to grow fibroblast colonies from single cells?
How do cold conditions help organ transplants?
Does Acromegaly cause actual expansion of the zygomatic(cheek) bone
Better population models than the logistic equation
How many dinosaur genes are in a chicken genome?
Do I not have any alleles from my mom's mom & my dad's dad?
The ermine's colour and geographical range
Why pick just a single bacterial transformed colony
Why do negative ions flow into a cell in an inhibitory synapse, even though a neuron has a negative resting potential?
Are there medical treatments that were so effective they were never subjected to a randomized control trial?
Does inhaling glue (glue sniffing) reduce appetite?
Can I leave BL21(DE3) cells in room temperature?
What dragonfly is this?
Is hunger pushing cognitive ability in humans?
What's the difference between blood value units 'mE/l', 'mU/l', 'mIU/l' and 'mEq/l'?
How Scientists sequence, assemble and annotate plant genomes?
Sequence evolution simulation tool
What is this plant on the photos?
How should species density be calculated for a clumped distribution?
Is the autonomic nervous system only activated by internal stimuli?
Pigmentation in Jaundice
Where is ATP used in Phosphorylation?
Can androgen-insensitive genetic-males get pregnant?
Falconer & Mackay population mean calculation & genotypic values
From where can I download the database created by Hsu et al for MORFs?
Additive genetic variance $V_A= 2pqa^2$ ... what is $a$?
What bacteria shed harvestable energy from root zone organic matter?
Following DNA replication during S-phase of the cell-cycle, are all genomic regions subjected to the same stringent level of DNA-Repair?
One Sample, Different Methylation Values
What limits chromosomal length?
Why do some protocols require prewarming a liquid medium before inoculating?
Choosing a book to gain general knowledge about biology
Neomycin resistance gene in E. coli stb3 cells
Gene silencing: relative or absolute number of methylated CpG sites?
What determines the number of chromosomes an organism carries?
Can photosyntetic cells be genetically modified to grow at a faster rate?
Identify the plant
Do we need to drink less water in humid weather than in dry weather?
Expected reproduction rate of a dandelion and/or fern
Leaves growing on a leaf of a Begonia
Will the heart keep beating if it's separated from the body?
GATK workflow for Cancer
Consequence of Plants as Incomplete Protein Source
How do I find the number of child terms associated with a specific GO term?
Are trees the only source of large amounts of oxygen?
If eating 100% fat 2 times more worth the energy I spend during the day, will I store body fat?
What makes a strong polyadenylation signal a strong signal?
What is the fate of micronucleus DNA?
Mitochondrial inner membrane
How high into the air are spores of molds commonly occurring?
Why is cisplatin a very potent antineoplastic for testicular cancer, but not necessarily for other cancers?
Trypsin and cell culture
Are there terrestrial plants that thrive on sea water?
What is the genomic position of HLA-B*1502 variation?
Why a continuous supply of energy is needed to support a weight?
How to calculate biological half life of a drug that is dose dependent?
Why are the organs for reproduction and urinary excretion combined?
What is the mass of a pigeon tail feather?
What is the optimum length of abstinence for maximum ejaculation volume in humans?
How can a ligand be an integral membrane protein?
Different names in paired-end sequence files
Do we have evidence of heritable personality traits in chimpanzees?
Bacterial capsule vs. slime wall
What is the difference between Single Nucleotide Polymorphism (SNP), Mutation and Structural Variation(SV)?
Introductory book in genetics?
Cause of Crease in Drupe Fruit
What is a selectively neutral genotypic change?
Can you Transfer Cancer Between People via Saliva or other Bodily Fluids?
Can all animals of the same species crossbreed?
Why don't mosquitoes evolve towards muting themselves?
Selection for less efficient egg transfer in Human Botfly life cycle
Modelling insecticide net efficacy loss
Is this species a variant of a red flour beetle?
Is there a karyotype database for human cell lines?
How is the subunit molecular weight different from the native molecular weight?
What is the impact of sertraline on white blood cells?
What does the hominin phylogenetic tree look like?
Punnet Square for Genotype Probabilities
Could we slow down life?
How stable is linear DNA transfected in eukaryotic cells?
Anopheles arabiensis lifespan and sporogony duration
Normal death experience
Is it possible that the DNA of an individual changes significantly over a period?
How to estimate a genome's size?
Math behind the Genetic Relationship Matrix
Why is human vision restricted to 400-700 nm?
Is Araucaria fruit toxic?
Why are oceans carbon sinks?
Has anyone tried to prepare chemically competent Mycobacteria?
Characters do not make the genus, but the genus gives the characters?
What is this droplet of liquid that comes out of a mosquito?
What comes out of this bump in this vegetable?
Does level of bats activity differs from day to day?
How can I keep pond water "alive"?
If dinosaurs could have feathers, would they still be reptiles?
Cell Line With DNMT3a Mutation
Leptin and fat mass?
What is the relationship between W, X, Y and P, M retinal ganglion cells?
best book for a comprehensive introduction to biology for a computer science graduate interested in undertaking research in bioinformatics
Why do Alu repeats form secondary structures?
List of non-native terrestrial molluscs in California?
Why do flies leave dirty spots on shiny/glossy surfaces?
Plant identification
Patterns/Motifs Repository
Any examples of an organism's life cycle where the reproductive stage occur before the 'adult' stage?
Can anyone help me identify this plant?
Best tail for swimming?
Is the size of the genome across species roughly the same?
LCMS/MS versus Western Blot
Does our heart stop when we sneeze?
What are dreams, biologically?
What does it mean to "map the human genome"
What happens in lasik operation?
What biological processes can affect the temperature of the shadow a tree casts?
Altruism in viscous (asexual) populations
Is there a name for this phenomenon described in "Phylogenies and the Comparative Method"?
Is there an advantage to antibacterial soap?
What is the transmembrane 'Positive-Inside Rule' nowadays? Has the definition changed over time?
Plant identification in Turkey
Identify this caterpillar
Recommendations for an intro level virology textbook?
Michaelis-Menten equation type - how it is derived?
What's read depth in VCF?
Which part of human body sustains most pressure when standing up straight?
How are the physiological properties of mitochondria measured?
What happens to the red blood cell in CaCl₂ solution?
How to understand relatedness in an infinite island model?
His Tag location in gene circuit
Do Blanding's Turtles die of old age?
Why cooked food considered nutritious if proteins decompose at much lower temperatures?
How do female hormones cause blood to clot?
Why is polysome loading affected by double stranded structure?
Does learning increase the number of neurons in the brain?
Defining Resistance and Sensitivity Thresholds for IC50
Mutation That Loses Stop Codon
Is lumosity.com based on science?
System biology and evolution: Book-recommendations
If one endures the same form pain over a long period of time, would the pain begin to lose intensity?
How is it possible for only one in five children to have brown eyes when their parents both have brown eyes?
Can kit foxes and red foxes produce offspring?
Immortality Gene? Really?
How does the structure of the pancreatic acinar cell relates to its function?
Genetic tests on S. cerevisiae to determine mutation locus on genes
Why is the administration of exogenous Anti-D not harmful to the foetus?
Why do some bad traits evolve, and good ones don't?
Deciding a reasonable threshold for copy number variation in a CNV (SNP array) TCGA dataset
is left brachiochephalic vein and left pulmonary artery is same?
Why is wind cold for humans?
Which process is right to describe V(D)J recombination? RAG-1 and RSS recurring process
What causes head hair to be different than body and face hair?
Why do human have continuously-growing hair on their head?
Exhalation while holding breath
IC50 and area under the curve
What is the meaning of conservation site in miRNA-mRNA pairing context?
If a trait does not appear to be advantageous to organism, why does the organism have it?
Which pair of primers should be used to amplify the ORF in PCR?
Why does the face turn pale in dangerous situations?
Database of medically validated SNPs
Autotrophic and heterotrophic organisms in anaerobic condition
What is this small black bug found in Turkey?
Are we more attracted to people of the same ethnicity?
Evolution of diversity and extinction resistance
Parents are Rh +ve and child Rh -ve
Can a lizard shed a regrown tail again?
Animal identification (larva)
Toronto spider identification
Accuracy of best plant growth models?
Why do many DNA solutions contain additional compounds?
What are all of the currently known variations of the G zipper motif?
Phosphorylation-Dephosphorylation : ATP-driven VS spontaneous
Crow branch pecking behaviour
How does tearing work?
Has anyone modelled calcium oscillations using Matlab software?
Can you recharge without sleeping?
Does the anatomy of our hand result in (computer) mouse-accuracy that varies by direction of movement?
What does this equation about DNA replication mean?
What could cause a forest of bent trees?
Calculating the canopy size (crown) of a newly planted tree at a future date
Where do the H+ ions come from in light reactions?
Identify bee in photo (found in Utah, USA)
What have the L-systems (Lindenmayer systems) been actually used for in biology?
Why do some medicines induce sleep?
Forward versus backward numerical simulations in population genetics
How do steroids travel in the bloodstream?
How do I find the sequence of the phage BxB1 gene?
Application of Latin names for Taxonomy
What is the scientific name of this evergreen plant?
What is it that creates that wonderful smell after a fresh rain?
Why a striped baby is not the result of a white and a black parent?
What does the "cov" mean in a velvet assembler generated contig name?
How do researchers map root systems of plants?
Which ORF will be translated
(How) Does the human digestive system process petroleum jelly, aka petrolatum?
What is a substance that is safe to eat, not absorbed and not metabolized?
Is this a crayfish hole? or wasp nest?
What concentration of table salt is needed to kill bacteria in sweaty gym clothes?
How bad is ethidium bromide in your plasmid for downstream applications?
Linear and Circular DNA
Why does my anti-ubiquitin antibody visualization not work on my PAGE gel?
Design arbitrary degenerate primers (with non-binding criteria)
Is perceived time compressed or expanded while dreaming? (or does it match reality)
What is the name of this bird?
Choosing the best assay for my experiment?
How many animal species are larger than humans?
Beetle with long, slender iridescent green body and orange legs
Evolution of insects, spiders and jellyfish
What is happening when we get a tan?
Cut-off values for LD, LOD and D-prime as algorithmic input
Why do some people burn and others tan?
Which hydrophobicity scales are best for detecting transmembrane regions, and why?
At what saltiness will water simply pass through us?
What is the biochemical explanation for tingling and burning sensation in brain due to certain food?
Did any dinosaur molt?
How to measure the biomass of hydroponic plants in netpot/rockwool DWC system?
Spatial learning in microorganisms
Efficient algorithm to calculate various population divergence statistics
How does chromosome fusion get fixed in the population?
Do butterflies pass over migration patterns to their offspring?
What is basis of multifunctionality of "master glands" in the endocrine system?
What is the term for all of the RNA in a cell at any given time?
Skin extra sensitive to heat after burn
Need some good resources to learn about Protein function and structure
Negative association between habitat quality and reproductive success in birds
Book recommendation on the human muscle system
How does decreasing surface tension of lipids help to emulsify them?
Physiology of tricuspid and bicuspid(mitral) valves
Is 100% accuracy in DNA sequencing possible?
What fraction of sites are expected to be polymorphic?
What determines the pathway of a neurological signal?
How does the Platypus grow before it eats?
Evolution of the Redundancy of the Genetic Code
What is the cause of colours of nail
How can bats hear such high frequencies?
What is internal symmetry in membrane proteins?
Which bird of Upper Michigan is it?
Why do humans require vitamin B12 supplementation while herbivores do not?
Are there any theories why such an imbalance in chirality of molluscs?
Why do chickens not try to get up if laid on their backs?
Hodgin-Huxley model for a single neuron
How significant is the genetic component of homosexual behaviour?
Do animals commit suicide?
Genetic linkage greater than 50 centimorgans
Help identify this worm-like thing
Critical discussion: Gene expression and systems biology allows us to understand the control of complex traits
Is pulse rate measurable in the capillary bed and venous vasculature?
Are there histones present in the cytoplasm?
How does pressure measured by sphygmomanometer translate directly to blood pressure?
Can Nanodiscs be used to study membrane energetics?
Do genetic modifications exist to enhance the taste of tomatoes?
Understanding F-statistics in population genetics
Cellulose acetate membrane filters vs. glass microfiber filters
How to gather life-history traits data on bird species?
Is the immune system suppressed during sleep?
Blood pressure measurement
Is it theoretically possible to restore the Tiger population to 100,000?
Do High Triglycerides Invalidate Tests for Infections?
What is the difference between options protein and replication in the NCBI database?
Where’s the flaw in my proposed TB Treatment?
View ABI chromatogram plots with python
Is there a short-term, very strong anesthetic, which can be blocked/delayed by other substances?
How does Celiac's Disease cause people to stop growing?
Extract protein sequences from a GBK(GenBank) file without scripting
Hodgin-Huxley model for a single neuron - continuation
Blood urea nitrogen and usage of proteins?
Can two members of the same sex have a biological baby?
Differences in structural target for LPS detection by LAL and MD-2/TLR4
What are these tiny dark red insects?
What are the programming languages important to learn for a geneticist or bioinformatician?
Where do most mutations come from, mitosis or meiosis?
What are the most important factors influencing a person’s gut microbes?
How to make a fake auditory signal?
What is the name of this tree?
C Form DNA Base Pairs Per Turn
why not classify organisms based on genetic distance?
What are some (bioinformatic) methods to characterize potentially novel gene transcripts?
Can I explain the kinetics of a ligand looking at the ligand-protein co-structure?
DNA dependent RNA polymerase
What happens to IP3 molecules after release from IP3 receptors?
Are grasshoppers monogamous?
Is MHC1 knockout sufficient to prevent transplant rejection?
Sex biased gene expression in the X chromosome
Can beavers control the direction a tree falls?
Sense and anti sense strand
Peculiarity of chemo senses
Isotretinoin and retinoid receptors in brain confusion?
Can anyone Id this flower?
Color vision across species
Why are our bodies created to itch when histamine is released by our immune systems?
Why does bacillus thuringiensis produce bt toxin?
What are 'factors' in biology?
Does anyone know what type of Cocoon this is?
How do t-lymphocytes become mature if thymus has lost its function?
Are there journals for theoretical models of protein-protein interactions?
Are these termites?
Can we change the direction of a neurological signal?
Would a person live longer, if such a person lived in a planet with lower gravity? (say, Mars)
Does "squinting" make you concentrate better on a logic test?
Why can't diamine oxidase be supplemented?
Would a human survive eating only living ants?
How do you identify a mosquito's sex without letting it bite you?
Why does a gene have two alleles?
Who compared developmental biology to crystallography?
How do paper wasp larvae not fall from their nest?
Why did Opabinia have 5 eyes?
Generate full dimer from monomer with C2 symmetry?
Change Genbank entry date with Biopython
Do deaf people sleep better?
Cell line immortalisation biosafety
Difference between modules in KEGG Module
Can roots have cuticle, especially aerial roots?
What information does the KEGG Module statistics page show?
Could viruses be used as antibiotics?
shRNA knockdown not showing with Western
Why do skinny people live for shorter than the norm even though calorie restriction extends life expectancy?
Is transplantation of neurons between species possible?
Which of these methods is both effective and reliable in elongate muscle and tendon for use in humans: growth factors or stem cell technology
If I buy a banana at the market, is there any chance that an insect is hiding inside it?
Why is there a compound highlighted in red in a KEGG Module search?
Presence of reaction module in bacteria but not in Eukaryotas (human)
Why lab technicians use indirect (antibody reaction) method for diagnosing?
How to calculate the percentage of heterozygous cells based on a gene map
Why does T-cell Cancer Therapy require a large tumor mutanome?
How large might a paper wasp nest become?
How long does it take unused antibodies to clear the system?
How does botulinum toxin enter the blood stream from the digestive tract?
Why does mouldy food make you sick?
Osmotic Pressure and Enzyme Activity
How does the MET gene work and what happens when the promoter region gets mutated?
Saline solution for animals
How is centriole number maintained during meiosis?
Correct enzyme nomenclature
Do domesticated animals necessarily live longer than wild animals? counterexample wanted!
Is it possible to merge the genomes of photosynthesizing and electron-transporting bacteria to make an electric cell?
What is the fluid clearance rate inside the retina?
What specific mutations can cause an apoptosis mechanism to malfunction?
What flowering green plant is this?
Why are plants referred to by their Latin species names, and not by their popular names?
Can someone identify this stinging plant?
Does 405 nm light set off phosphorescence in the eye?
Species Identification: Spider
Identification of black growth on onion skin
At what levels of muscle energy intake does catabolism start?
Is NADPH unstable in UV light?
Why is dopamine or a dopamine-receptor agonist not pumped into the brain of Parkinson patients?
Determining the appropriate bioconjugate
Do herbaceous plants have woody parts?
Is the discovery of dominant and recessive genes the only reason Mendel matters?
If the average resting potential of a neuron is -70 mV, why is there such a high ratio of potassium ions inside relative to out?
Why does organ transplant work although it seems organ's motor neuron isn't connected to recipient's CNS
Requirements for soil sample transportation over long distance
What is the meaning and significance of extreme pathways
How are the vitreous humour and aqueous humour of the eye, connected?
Does tremor frequency generally increase as Parkinson's disease progresses?
How do sex biased genes evolve?
Synthetic carbon fixation pathways
Why doesn't Manipulated Virus for Cancer Cure Work
How to create a 3D density map of a system of varying number of particles?
What does "each pathway define an independent genotype" mean?
What is the difference between a graded potential and an action potential?
RNAi in nematode resistant plants
What happens when we re-start a PCR reaction?
Phosphorylation capacity of an enzyme
Could felines live without meat?
What is the biological limit on hearing resolution?
Interpretation of qPCR results for low expression genes
Why don't our cells merge when their phospholipid membranes touch each other?
Which plant is this?
How spermaceti makes a whale float
Why can't plasma proteins migrate from capillaries?
Why is it so hard to find the amount of biotin in food?
Do potassium channel blockers affect the resting membrane potential?
If a blocker prevents repolarization, will the neuron be stuck in a depolarized state forever?
Does ATP hydrolysis reaction have a high or low activation energy?
Neuroscience book recommendations
How do other primates treat their fingernails?
What's the feedback regulation of Thyroid diseases and body temperature?
What is the advantage of being tired after having a sex?
Name/Examples of Traits whose benefit is non-obvious and/or which evolve despite apparent mal-adaptivness?
Is numbness the absence of one or all touch sensations?
why do marine organisms orient with their bellies facing downwards?
Are there calcium channel blocking neurotoxins?
Why are our muscles limited to 7 Hertz?
How to Extract RNA and perform RT-qPCR from very few cells ( ~5,000)?
Flower identification: Moscow, Russia
Can a same gene stretch from one chromosome to another separate chromosome?
Wolbachia - cytoplasmic incompatibility
Is each generation getting older?
Textbook for quantitative biochemistry with thermodynamics, as an alternative to Voet, Voet & Pratt (Fundamentals of Biochemistry)?
Which step in endocytosis requires ATP?
How do we know the human species arose in Africa?
Would a VR headset exacerbate myopia or could it be used to retrain the eyes?
Looking for a dichotomous key to identify primates
Primer Design with Primer-BLAST over specific site
Why are humans mostly right-handed?
Textbook/lab manual for mammalian cell culture
Is this Heracleum sosnowskyi?
Why are low temperatures lethal?
How do people digest fat after gall bladder removal surgery?
Definitions of common and rare disease
Butterfly identification: Dorset England, July.
What is the simplest autotrophic cell?
Pitch shift in hearing after wisdom teeth removal
Blomberg's K and branch length
Is there a mechanism by which mammals lose interest in a partner after mating?
Can cooking oil kill fleas?
What is the standard protocol for creating permanent stocks from freeze-dried bacteria?
Do our belly buttons consist of scar tissue?
What determines whether an action potential is inhibitory or excitatory?
Definition of "essentially diploid"
Secretion in Gram negative bacteria
Is Insulin-Glucose dynamic Lotka-Volterra?
Why do we produce so many sperm?
How to compare two RNA transcripts?
IC50 calculation
Why and how does uniprot list around 150,000 proteins in the human genome?
Operators and Enhancers/Silencers
Why is there a seeming dichotomy between mobility and photosynthesis?
Human Bones classification and anatomy quiz
Can we change our dopamine baseline levels?
Is Circle of Willis unique to humans?
How to mimic / approach some animals/insects' anabolism?
What would happen if brain neurons did not reduce their sensitivity to neurotransmitters after prolonged exposure?
Why do tomatoes look so much like pomegranates?
agglutination test using blood of the donor and the recipient
Does anyone know what kind of caterpillar this is?
Are mitochondria transferable between cell types, individuals and species?
What form of reproduction did the first land animals use?
Why are there no complex hermaphrodite land animals?
Why isn't the upper limit of pain lower in humans?
Genetic Diversity in Mitochondria
Database of Geographic Range of Species
A tool to get annotation features by position in the reference genome
There aren't any animals like hornets that hunt large prey (like a rabbit, or even up to a deer), right? Why not?
Why are sight and sound prerequisites for intelligence?
How long does conception take?
Can the liver prioritize it's metabolizing potential?
Are low-intensity radio-waves carcinogenic?
Do the enzymes and compounds in saliva help with stain removal?
Does your iris color have an effect on your vision?
What is variation in Speciation
Can plants feel pain?
How does being afraid or nervous affect mental performance?
Is nuclear DNA immuno-privileged?
What is the spacing between stop codon and transcription terminator?
What bacteria do unborn babies contain?
Is there a schema for how human behavior is genetically determined?
Biological implementation of convolutional neural networks
Why are nitrogenous bases of DNA hydrophobic if they can hydrogen bond?
Can someone tell me the species of this lizard?
Why does a wound itch while it's healing?
Through which mechanisms did the Drosophila Histone Cluster evolve?
What is the DNA Sequence for an apple?
Identify ~6-7mm long green creature
What is the surface area of the vitreous humour in contact with aqueous humour?
How does Bernoulli’s Principle apply to the cardiovascular system?
How to validate the use of an anti-virus monoclonal antibody in IHC by spiking a fresh organ with infected cultured cells?
Can axons act as receptors?
Two different Leucochloridium infected snails - different species?
Why is the pituitary gland located in the brain?
What is this flower?
Colormetric assay for a phenol product?
What is the definition of the life biologically ?
Can geckos climb a wet surface?
What is the general mechanism behind perfusion PET imaging
Why are the sex chromosomes called X and Y?
Is NADPH salt still usable after an hour at room temperature?
What are the limiting factors of pathogen population size in human populations?
Can my eyes adjust instantly to my friend's glasses?
Driving force for speciation for millions of species today
Map gene IDs to Ensembl gene ID
How does a smoker's finger or mustache get yellowish by nicotine?
Do any amphibians start their lives on land?
Why does the number of mutations per individuals follow a Poisson distribution?
Within and Between Allelic Class Diversity
Tissue grafting in marine invertebrates
Ancestral Allele and Hapmap
Does anyone use bootstrapping to report mass gain during experiment?
Will bark-beetles infest the Methow Valley?
Merge several .ab1 sequence files into a single FASTA file?
Approximately how long do bacteria live for?
Will a 0.2g/mL sugar concentration cause vomiting in humans?
Big cat in heat for months?
Calculation of final magnification when using a CCD camera
Why do people die?
What is this butterfly?
What happens when a genome is shorter than the other?
Have webs woven by LSD-intoxicated spiders ever been studied for their efficiency in fly catching?
Possible calculations with temperature, humidity, images and VIS spectrum of a plant in an Integrating sphere
What is the name of this flower?
Are mitochondria dead?
Why do crabs spit?
Protein that exit from the cell - as marker
Why are lions the only social cats?
How do animals end up in remote areas?
What would be the impact of depositing limestone in the oceans (to reverse acidification) on ocean life forms and biodiversity?
What is the top speed of muscle contraction?
Can HIV mutate to become airborne?
What are the evidence that all life today descended from a common ancestor (LUCA), and which organisms (if any) challenge the concept?
What leads to the different types of navels?
dAT joining: please define
Evolution of protein and protein efficiency
Photosynthetic efficiency and light harvesting efficiency
When did mouth pipetting stop becoming a way to handle liquids in a lab?
Lack of A/B-antigen equivalent to Rhesus disease
Gene and Protein isoform
What is the strand specificity of a reference genome?
Is household ammonia okay for plants?
Current understanding of abiogenesis
Biologically, does life and death matter?
Finding a reaction from a KEGG map
Chimeric Gene vs Fusion Gene?
What Chemical Trigger Causes Ectomycorrhiza To Change From Asexual To Sexual?
Why would a plant evolve to produce an addictive chemical?
Is there a good analogy that illustrates the difference between early DNA sequencing techniques and shotgun sequencing?
Spider Identification Michigan
How did evolution support sports, fun, entertainment etc
How to identify the age of a "living" person?
Why are female clones more often produced
Doubling the concentration of extracellular calcium hyperpolarizes a neuron. Why?
Is Mutation Theory still "valid" for complex organisms?
What is the latency between paired neuronal responses in the brain?
What causes tissues manifest the various forms that they do?
What tools can help me determine if a plant homologous protein interacts with an ncRNA in the same way?
What is the lifetime of the vasopressin receptor V2?
Are dogs affected by dwarfism?
Can I compare Shannon-Wiener diversity indices between plots of different sizes (area)?
Variance in Fst in the infinite island model
Did modern alligators and caimans come from prehistoric crocodiles?
Why does our body exhibit bilateral symmetry?
Multiple transcripts encoding for one protein
Colourful aquatic animal identification
where can I find microarray images?
Do you know what plant it is?
What was the evolutionary reason for cross lateralization of the brain?
What kind of bug/insect is this? photo attached
Are the number of base pairs in a given chromosome same between different individuals?
Why do tattoos persist if body cells are regularly renewed?
What is the percentage of people living in England in 1500 AD whose lineage is still alive?
Career progression through biosafety levels?
Is it "easier" for researchers to detect evolutionary ancestry than distance in the evolutionary tree?
History: Do evolutionary and ecological processes occur at the same timescales?
Is our genome decaying (see "Genetic Entropy"), and, if so, is this evidence for our genome being "young"?
What is the basis for the determining sex from position of adult pelvis?
What is a functional screen?
Could fingerprints potentially be changed using a gene gun?
How do single-celled predators chase other cells?
Protein folding, extra dimensions and bio-mathematics
Are there any auto-immune diseases caused by T cells not detaching from antigen presenting cells (APCs)?
Are Protocadherin Gamma Cluster transcripts considered separate genes?
Is dysharmonia an actual disease or something only Oliver Sacks believes in?
Will salting the ground kill insects and spiders?
What are the exact differences between stereocilia and microvilli?
Thinking quickly causes elevated mood
Endothermy in different species
Mouse Colony Software
What motivates birds to make birdsong?
What was the first gene(s) found to code for ncRNA
How is atrophied muscle different than normal muscle in a chemical or biological way?
Is there a good site or software to see if a primer pair spans an exon junction?
Testing CO₂ for cell culture
Did not understand a small excerpt from a research paper
GO term for orthologous gene IDs
Can Biting Insects Detect Specific Places On A Host Body?
How much penicillinase is needed to deactivate 125mg of amoxicillin?
What is the efficacy of an Ebola antibody response
Do bacteria develop a resistance to antimicrobial peptides at the same rate as against "regular" antibiotics?
Extinction of species with extant descendants
Why are carbohydrates the most common short-to-medium-term energy storage form in biology?
Is a Ribonuclease Inhibitor protein the only mechanism employed by the human cell to protect cellular RNA from degradation by endoribonuclease?
Fruit-bearing tree identification
How are split inteins joined?
Why do cats like enclosed spaces (e.g. boxes) so much?
How many copies of a gene?
How do catenanes form when DNA replicates?
Identification of a small mammal
Coalescence time: Is it different for haploids and diploids in population genetics?
Is sequencing error a function of the nucleotide being read?
Molecular graphics
Bright green caterpillar with long white stripes, few hairs, no extensions, possibly Noctuidae
Any examples of animal behavior in response to meteor showers?
What are blood group determinants?
Can stress-induced cortisol reduce diabetes type I?
L-tryptophan in mammalian cell culture
Use of Gene Guns
How to synthesize and isolate single stranded cDNA from an RNA template?
What is the C765-Gal4 driver?
Do "virgin" ant queens ever shed their wings?
How do plants benefit from their seeds being buried?
Cause of hexadactylisim in Amish people
Drinking soda triggers tingling on a tiny spot on my upper back... but how?
What is possibly wrong with my gel electrophoresis when i don't see bands of DNA ladder?
How long do human egg cell grow up?
If nerve consists of many axons, where are then their soma located?
If Tumors have lots of mutations in them how is it the immune system can't detect them?
Madrid, Noise by the river: Bird or cricket?
Is the swimming pool water harmful to frogs who jump in? If so, how?
Ways to fight black mold
does phagocytosis dependent on opsonization?
Why would mutation rates increase in a tumour?
Fruit Fly Hybrids
Why is the brain white?
Are genes uniformly dispersed throughout the genome?
Cis-AB phenotype verification
Is the sun's damage to skin sufficient to warrant protection anytime the average person goes outside or just for extended periods?
How to get Population Genotype Frequency from 1000 genomes Perl API
Is the PCT of the nephrons of the kidneys of marine vertebrates to minimize the natural tendency for exosmosis?
Cause-and-effect questions about growth and development of plant
Difference between Category, Rank and Taxon
When does DIFFUSION occur and not OSMOSIS, and the otherwise?
Interaction study of oligomeric proteins
Does alcohol really do more damage to the body of a child compared to an adult?
How does drug-induced photosensitivity work?
Cut strand of hair longevity?
How did people's liking of ceremonies evolve?
How is Glycophorin A and straphylococcal related to Escherichia coli and what does readily purified mean in this context?
Do mutations come in pairs?
Unsure why Synechococcus moves at angle in cuvette
How much does the nutritional value of insects depend on what they're fed?
Spider Identification Illinois
Decomposition Rate of A Body In A Wet Environment
Explanation about cytogenetic notation
How can a chromosome translocation in somatic cells lead to disease?
Can people with AIDS get tattoos?
What is this fish?! Is it even real?
Does polyploidy always isolate the polyploids from the diploid source population?
What exactly is extreme heterozygosity and how does it work?
Looking for university/graduate-level texts on RNA
Why do orcas eat only the tongue of whales, liver of sharks, etc.?
Albinism inheritance problem: what are the father's alleles if he got an albino kid?
E value cutoff for RNASeq search
How can insects survive without an adaptive immune system?
BSA for trouble shooting failed PCRs?
How did zootoxins evolve?
What is the distribution of the expected number of lineages in a birth-death tree after time T?
How could one calculate the gene flow between two populations?
Why do sneezes come out the mouth?
Insect identification: white spotted beetle
Jurkat single cell clonal expansion
How much salt [NaCl] is too much in DNA precipitation?
Proteins and Blood Acidification
Please explain what a gene isoform is in lay terms?
How do signal transduction pathways utilize transcription factors to express a specific gene?
How can we determine the polarity of fat molecules?
Why didn't humans evolve to reproduce identical twins all the time?
Can anyone ID this flower plant by the photo?
What is the mechanism by which bactericides kill bacteria?
Why do almost all SNPs have two alleles?
How did the tendency to perform death rituals evolve?
How does the brain regulate its temperature?
Why do feces vary so little in color?
Why is the DNA helix anti-parallel?
Normalise protein database domain-wise
How to model missing residues on a protein from multiple PDB files?
Can anyone identify this plant from Bangladesh?
Cancer in myogenic heart cells?
dominance coefficient, why (1+k)?
What is the difference between Ostracodermi and Placodermi
Does pH affect Michaelis constant?
Construct Phylogeny form Edgelist
why didn't natives of south america evolve darker skin?
Is it possible to biologically convert potential energy to chemical energy?
Listing Cluster of Differentiation (CD) markers (immunology)
What kind of insect is this and what is it doing?
What kind of tree is this?
Geographic/ethnic distribution of Neanderthal DNA in modern humans
Why we do not get hurt from HCl secreted in the stomach?
Energy released during the production of ATP?
Unilateral damage to vagus nerve
What is this brown insect with a large wingspan?
How could 45 milligrams of a substance equal 4,500 micrograms?
Can the human body enter "Power Save" mode?
What is the effect of antibiotic chloramphenicol on bacterial size?
Does the cell internal temperature changes in response to a change in external temperature?
How late in a human pregnancy can a zygote split?
How to read this diagram?
Why do insects (flies) put their legs together when they die (as if they're praying)?
Is thinking with language efficient?
Questions about a fossil
Source of journals collecting titles of scientific publications regarding clinical trials with dogs fed medicinal herbs
Doubts regarding definition of upstream/downstream genes and cognate protein
Why can't gametes of one species fuse with that of the other species?
What happens to the excess immune cells or WBC in our body?
Why does low sequence diversity cause sequencing problems
Why do we spend so much time on creating taxonomies?
Do ginko trees grow well in Eastern North America (specifically Ontario,Canada)
Why do we turn darker in the sun?
Definition of Phenotype
what is this ant-sized black insect?
Is RNase AWAY in the lab dangerous?
Why are VAL, MET and ALA substitutions commonly used for protein behaviour and function studies?
Why might food go bad in an oxygen-free environment?
If a given DNA oligo is an aptamer, will the corresponding RNA oligo with the same sequence be an aptamer aswell?
How do ascending neural pathways filter unimportant information?
Organ donation compatibility based on DNA
How does the brain store information?
Do biological phenomena follow Gaussian statistics?
What happens when we eat excess fat?
How and why are cells irradiated in human-rodent hybrid cell biology?
Is it possible there were multiple origins of life? And, if so, why did the one which became the common ancestor between all organisms prevail?
There are 6 classifications of CFTR mutations. Is a causal relationship to the sweat test known?
Do RBCs need oxygen?
method for DNA extraction for human mucus(nose) or earwax?
The heart of a Pigmy Shrew beats 1300 per minute then why is it so fast?
Online Database for PPG (Photoplethysmography) signals (both Infrared and Red light readings)
How do birds avoid mid-air collision?
Can mutation rate be increased for instance by mutagenesis targeting the DNA polymerase?
Can flow cytometric analysis differentiate between a parent contributing longer chromosomes versus multiple smaller chromosomes?
How did the double circulatory system evolve from the single circulatory system
Staining cells for FACS at 4 degrees or ambient temperature
hummingbird feeders - is sugar water healthy for them?
Meaning of 'forms of free energy'?
Why can humans feel electricity?
Function and Mechanism of Height Genes
Why are potassium channels slower than sodium channels?
Is disease transmisson through milk consumption or meat consumption considered direct or indirect transmission route?
Can a stationary eye with a moving pupil exist?
How octopus develops its imitation skill?
Are genes on the 5' to 3' strand only?
Why do men grow facial hair?
Differential gene expression analysis between species
Why does all life use the same macromolecules in their genetic code?
Do birds emit infra-red radiation?
What are the differences and similarities between fimbriae and adhesins in microbes adherence factor?
How long is saliva viable?
Why perform imputation?
Are multi-chain proteins synthesized as one biological unit?
What would happen if most the fat in your body was rapidly converted into energy in 2 minutes?
What is the "leaky valve" between the esophagus and stomach?
What neuro-motor diseases cause the lower esophageal sphincter (LES) to malfunction?
How do non-dimorphic birds distinguish sex of possible partners/rivals?
How do plants get carbon?
How do we call a region of low carrying capacity?
Size of the glycan chain in a glycosylated protein
genes map to eQTL/pQTL
Can sexual selection operate in temperature dependent sex determining organisms?
What is pQTL and why do we need eQTL?
Marker validation using transcriptome and genomic sequences derived from a single cell
What is the antagonist of epinephrine?
Can dietary monosodium glutamate intake induce restlestness?
Differing Flow Cytometry Genome Sizes and Sexual Mating Implies Differing Chromosome Counts
Why are lips covered with specialized skin?
How do roots absorb water instead of presence of waxy - material suberin in the form of casparian strips on the wall of endodermis?
Are all pathogens parasites?
How do neurons receive the ions needed for creating electrical pulses?
Is there a way to prevent an HIV infection after exposure to HIV infected Blood?
What were the symptoms of Phineas Gage after suffering his brain injury?
Chemotherapy - Hair loss
What species is this?
Why I don't feel pain when I press the skin on my knee and elbow?
Whole Genome Sequencing and Chromosome Counts
Whole Genome Sequencing and B Chromosomes
Junk DNA and "random" mutations
Role of microvilli in cell volume regulation
What techniques can be used to link environmental conditions to crop yield?
White blood cell transfusion
Extending a small fragment of DNA
How is pain induced by blunt and sharp objects?
Is it possible to amplify every single piece of DNA through PCR?
How do we know Denisovans had 46 Chromosomes
What is the distribution of the number of heterozygotes in finite populations?
PAGE gel in EtBr
Hardy-Weinberg Equilibrium Question
Evolution of a Population
Why does Nature use a 4-level system to encode information in DNA?
Rattlesnakes developing stronger venom
Nature of Dengue Fever Genetic Material
Are gizzard muscles voluntary or involuntary?
Is T7 promotor leaky in DH5 alpha?
Seeing through the rain
Trial pre-registration service that accepts non-clinical trials, or specifically ecology?
How to know the gestation time of pregnant mice?
What is the effect of temperature and carbon dioxide on the opening and closing of stomata?
Is galvinoxyl antioxidant assay possible using NMR spectroscopy?
How does the embryo inside a shelled egg get oxygen?
Did I just watch a spider die?
transitional mutation, repair mechanism
Identifying flying insect from northern Poland / Baltic Sea area
What does NaOH do for the plating of Bacillus subtilis?
Can the regeneration mechanism of lizards be used in humans?
Why Do we close our eyes while sneezing?
Nature vs Nurture in Rooster mating dance: Are roosters lame dancers because they never learned any better?
Methylation Data for Erythrocytes (Red Blood Cells)?
Why would a venus fly traps mouth that's still "chewing" die?
Can ' functional' stress 'forced upon' a cell actually cause cell mutations when they divide and reproduce?
Partial Contribution By One Parent
Can anyone ID this ant queen species?
In which phenomena does one gene pair hide the effect of other unit?
Bioinformatics - DNA binding, sequence-specific protein data
How much oil you can get from a dead animal
Is there an organism which is "The Opposite of Hydra"?
What do the names of Immunoglobulin subtypes mean?
What is the highest pressure at which plants can survive?
connect three coding sequences with IRES
Is the ringing sound in the ears caused by dying ear cells?
Can an organism exist as a single cell but come together as multi-cellular during certain times?
What could cause spiral tree growth?
What type of jellyfish is this
Halophiles' food habit
Why are published chromosome counts for polyploids often incorrect by an integer multiplication factor of the original diploid like count?
Are all dipeptides synthesizable?
What makes tones sufficiently useful that it would lead to the evolution of tonal processing?
Can bigger persons generally resist g-forces better?
What is "chain identifier" in PDB?
What kind of larvae are these?
What is the significance in an alpha-helix being right-handed or left-handed?
Equilibrium and Metabolism: Can cells exist at STATIC equilibrium? What about dynamic equilibrium?
Properties that can be derived from amino acid sequences
Plot coverage per base for BAM file
What determines excrement's caliber?
Can someone die from pain?
Can a brown recluse bite lead to diabetes?
What is difference between several mRNA RefSeq for one gene?
What is the convention for indicating genomic primer sites?
Why the length of UTR in the genomic sequence of gene X is too much longer than the same region in the corresponding Refseq mRNA sequences?
Which primates can swim underwater?
How does this headless fish still move?
What kind of beetle is this (2cm long, brown, "V-shaped" body)?
Why do the deoxyribonucleotides use T and ribonucleotides use U?
Overcoming Inbreeding Depression
Dragonfly Identification
Why are siblings unidentical? (Which chromosome of the pair do gametes have?)
What is a holocentric chromosome?
Dwell time equations for ATP-sythase?
Why does a coconut have exactly three "holes"?
How C. Elegans is used for siliencing genes
IBD-value in pedigree with inbreeding
Cell-type specific methylation profiles: original reference finding?
It's right to say coding sequence is part of exon sequence?
Will bacterial promoter without either -10 or -35 sequence allow no transcription?
Consumption of different type of energy when one is inactive
How to interpret this cuffcompare result? Sensitivity over 100?
difference in genetic instuctions between male and female
How quickly can lasers of various wavelengths and powers impair human vision or cause pain in the eyes?
Length of dispersal flight of European spruce bark beetle?
Model for calculating muscular activity from external measures
What plant is it?
What is the name of the plant with the down-falling light purple leaves?
What are those huge plants / fungi on trees called?
Colorado potato beetle diet
Why Egg shell is not called a cell wall?
What is the evolutionary tradeoff against primates producing multiple offsprings (litter)?
Troubleshooting PCR Steps
Variance in reproductive success and effective population size
What is the last heavy atom of an amino acid?
How to convert FASTQ file format into GTF file format?
term for species that produces males only to mate with mother or sisters
gene duplicated on genome but is different
What do Illumina HiSeq/MiSeq paired end reads look like?
What is the use of crystallized Photosystems from cyanobacteria?
Are there emotions that motivate pattern completion? If so, where in the brain are they located?
How does Cro protein expressed by lambda phage kill its host?
Root etiology of non-pituitary low T4 and low TSH
What is this plant?
What's the name of this bug from Toronto, Canada?
Amplification technique for proteins similar to PCR for DNA?
Interpretation of faint band for Linear Array HPV Genotyping Test
What is the radius of the Ora Serrata and lens in rabbits?
Recombination fraction( frequency) in Homozygotes
Why I obtain larger bands than expected after minipreparation?
How often does parthenogenesis in mammals happen?
Most painless method for killing insects
Why do doctors still advise HIV+ couples to wear a condom during sex?
Question about flux and changes in net flux of molecules across a membrane
white and brown mushrooms. same species but...?
Algae and greenhouse effect
Meaning of "non-homologous virus"
How do muscle cells synthesize glycogen?
Why a repeat wasp sting cause an anaphylaxis shock?
A trivial question on the meaning of "relatives" in an article on horizontal gene transfer
How will changing the concentration of a Tris buffer affect amylase enzyme activity?
Do Red blood cells(mammals) really have no organelles?
In this illustration about CRISPR function, what do these objects mean (image provided)?
Can any enzyme be produced?
If a human is stranded with beer but no water, should they drink it?
What is the difference between taxonomical aids Flora, Manual and Catalogue?
Clarification about taxon (plural taxa)
In what way is ADHD genetic?
Genetics of epilepsy
What is the result of modifying the reagents in the Sanger method?
Binocular microscope use, diaphragm?
Do transposons usually jump from one chromosome to another?
Heterochromatin v Euchromatin. Which is more abundant?
How to remove duplicate results from BLAST?
Do all mammals have a Ventricular system?
How is sugar in fruit metabolized, or digested and used?
How does an increased amplitude affect nerve conduction velocity?
Need clarification on a sentence regarding vesicle-mediated translocation
Catenation and decatenation by DNA Gyrase
immune response towards sperm cells
Fastest G protein coupled reactions
What is a subspecies?
What is a mechanical cue?
Is studying complete mitochondrial genome need biological lab work?
Why don't the apples seeds from grafted trees produce the same kind of apples?
Was site-directed mutagenesis used to study the effects of sickle-cell anemia?
How does a garlic clove thrive inside a closed refrigerator?
What is the meaning of oIMR
Blood after death
What is the reasoning behind the Drake Equation?
Open database of medical images
Evolution of blood types
Are eukaroytic promoters located in the 5' UTR region?
Expected dS/dN ratio for exome
Caterpillar identification
Plasmid copy number and Rop protein
Does the human body convert water?
Normalised gene counts to edgeR/DESeq2?
Is blood pressure in the aorta and brachial artery the same or different?
Do spinal cord reflexes (such as the knee-jerk reflex) continue to function under general anaesthesia?
How do DNA-binding proteins recognize the correct DNA base pairs?
How to understand certain protein names
Do any predatorial animals attempt to appear smaller?
What factors cause males to be more common than females in humans, from an evolutionary perspective?
Are all Y-chromosomes the same?
What would be the estimated cost sequencing?
how to find full mitochondrial genome of plants in GenBank?
How does NHEJ cause indels?
Solubility of Amylopectin and Glycogen in water
How can I find some pieces of the genome of a microorganism?
use of adjuvants and peptides in modern vaccines?
why monocot roots have a wide pith while dicot roots have a narrow pith?
Which organism is this?
TSS of a gene vs TSS of a transcript
What is the essence of difference of how different chemicals affect the same receptor?
What are constrained genetic elements?
Why are many fruits sour?
Why do cells not spread on soft substrates?
Effects of Fixation on Cell Membrane
How do mosquitoes react to blood feeding on a highly ethanol intoxicated host?
Disease causing variants and Hardy-Weinberg Equilibrium
What is a selective constraint?
What DNA has the most info for getting a person's likeness?
What is the sedimentation coefficient of Mycoplasma?
In the future, it is plausible that we can change the physical appearance of a living animal by editing DNA?
What are these white spots on a dracena
Black/dark-red smooth West African worm, full of red blood
Fibronectin glass surface adsorption
Why do I often see male robins with female robins?
How do I offer a generous gift to sweet-seeking wasps, bees, hornets, bumble-bees?
Artificial Adrenalin
How does intron retention make the alternative transcript non-coding?
Why insects are attracted towards light?
How can a sequence be downloaded from UCSC genome browser
IBD-value and IBD-fraction
blastn: What substitution matrix is used?
What is a detailed chemical explanation for describing how an enzyme may lower the activation energy of a reaction?
Why is it often the case that an enzyme is favorable only towards one direction of a reaction and not both directions?
What is the biological significance of finding palindromes in DNA sequence?
Best method for measuring very young plant growth?
Do oral vaccines exist?
How to interpret the simple sequence repeat (SSR) on the coding sequence, but not the related protein sequence?
How can I preserve hair or saliva for future genome sequencing?
How does Cas9 interact with CRISPR?
Role of drift in evolution of sexually dimorphic traits
What are the differences between how glucagon and cortisol work to increase blood sugar?
Why is dsDNA nuclease activity by CRISPR/Cas9 only shown indirectly?
Using Q solution with ready made MasterMix
The replicator equation vs the Lotka-Volterra equation
In vitro virus assembly
Why do veins undergo vasoconstriction during physical activity?
How do eukaryotes terminate transcription? (clarification on Campbell Biology)
How does a neuron change as you learn?
Do we consume dna, proteins of other organisms?
Calculating the recombination factor of four point genetic cross?
Evolution of endosymbionts?
Virus-to-virus gene transfer via "sequences integrated into a common host organism"
What is this tiny thing on the branch
Why are there so many different humans yet chimpanzees are just chimpanzees?
Is there a genetic reason explaining the difference of the height of male and female?
How to troubleshoot islet isolation
Monocot stele in roots
Folding of bulliform cells
How can frogs tolerate freezing while humans cannot?
Why do some Brown Pelicans have orange or reddish parts on their bills?
How do we perceive acceleration?
Plasmid with ITPG and pBR322 ori
Is there a way to know how many sodium channels are active (conducting) at a given time in the brain?
What percentage of people today would likely be descendants a man born 4,000 years ago?
How good is the reproducibility of preclinical models?
Can someone identify this ant?
Are aquatic filter feeders effective at cleaning water to a safe level?
How does life change when you dig deeper?
Why is squeezing not recommended after a needle prick?
Are there nerves in the umbilical cord?
Introductory book on cell biology
DNA Replication And Primer
Hydra immortality
Senescence in space
Is the fixation rate always equal to the mutation rate for neutral alleles?
What happens after the purification step in Hi-C sequencing?
Does this recording sound like the pulses emitted by bats?
Do snRNAs exit the nucleus or not?
Specificity of the adaptive lymphocytes
How to use DRAQ5 and MitoTracker CMXros dyes to stain turtle erythrocytes?
Is organ transplantation race dependent?
Do we use 100% of our cerebral capacity?
If dog's DNA and human's DNA are almost same then can it be said that dogs evolved from humans?
What is the function of E-coli bacteria in our gut?
Birth control hormones in the water? Or not?
How does RNA transcription determine which half of the DNA to use?
Can microorganisms (e.g. bacteria) be damaged or killed by 253,7 nm light?
How is flagellar movement controlled?
Why do changes in preload not cause changes in end systolic pressure?
Can animals like squirrels leave "gifts" or tribute for humans?
How can a polar molecule pass through polar channels of proteins in the cell membrane?
Western blot extrange band
What do HG and NA mean in Geuvadis project RNAseq sample labels?
Making positive charged polyacrylamide
Molecular weight of my 2-D gel
Can an electrocardiogram be recorded with a single electrode?
What Effect Does Skin Redness Have On Underlying Tissue?
By What Mechanism Does Heat Cause Muscle Relaxation?
How is it decided what type of food we want to eat?
Refer to Ran-GEF as a coenzyme?
How do two parents, recessive and dominant genes and two complimentary nucleotides end up in one DNA?
Who was the first to coin the terms of soft and hard selection?
What is the point of a runny nose during a cold?
What are the sizes of the cells that make up human hair?
Difficulty in finding protein inhibition drugs
"structural and regulatory elements of genes"
How to find the concentration of an enzyme?
Invertase calculation?
Why are multiple copies of the 35S enhancer used for overexpression in plants?
Biological Evolution outside of Earth
Membrane Permeability to Pyruvate
Does antidromic conduction occur in the brain under normal conditions?
How can mammalian red blood cells live without a nucleus?
Why does hypergranulation prevent the epithelialization of a wound?
How to find a Cancer PPI network data
Do residue sequence numbers in PDB files correspond to the positions in the backbone?
how do I find the number of bp in chromosome 3 by knowing number of bp in chromosome 1?
meaning of "usually greater than 200 base pairs"
How does Tylenol relieve pain without making me drowsy?
What causes inhalation during breathing?
How did the first life form on Earth reproduce without DNA?
Does the human abdominal cavity use pressure to maintain posture?
Why is it easy to separate the cotton wool from the roots of young plants grown in cotton?
How can hyperplasia occur in non-fetal hypokinesis?
Is there a known or quantifiable correlation between capsaicin and its effect on the body's metabolism?
What will happen if the biceps stop contracting and instead triceps contract?
Why did life on Earth develop with two sexes?
Does melanin protect humans from gamma radiation?
Evolution home experiment?
Can anyone please help me identify this plant?
Was this snake behaving abnormally?
Can females be recreated from male DNA?
How quantitative is the theory of evolution right now?
Do drugs' levo isomers have a better interaction with the receptors in our body than dextro isomers?
Did we evolve from monkeys?
Why are bovines different genera if they can interbreed?
How do muscles help erect the spine?
Do the bacterial species X, Y, Z code for proteins A, B, C?
How many diseases can be linked to disruption in the microbiome of a human?
Does exercise really reduce stress in the biological meaning?
Does loud music affect hearing and balance?
How to identify a pseudogene to a specific protein coding genes?
How can I interface cAMP signal or membrane potential from slime mold to an electrode?
Why can't we use plasmids to add genes to ourselves?
Can ampicillin resistant bacteria survive penicillin plate?
Why do adult insects have 6 legs?
Reasons for strange heart rate graph following exercise (line going up and down)?
Blood testing for chlamydia
Energy produced from respiration
Are oxygen and carbon dioxide simultaneously present in red blood cells during gas exchange?
Does anybody know what this shark is eating?
Does dairy negatively affect the voice for singing?
Will someone with a double mutation in the allosomes be normal?
Viruses. Alive or Not?
Corneal transplant and HLA matching
Why does SDS-PAGE use for protein, and agarose use for nucleic acid?
How much force can connective tissue withstand?
Are there examples of animals that adapt to their environment very quickly? The phenomenon is called Phenoptic Plasticity
Why are there no known animals with an odd number of legs?
Bergmann's rule and Allen's rule: endotherms and ectotherms
meaning of "initial gene constructions" vs. "under the control of plant promoters" in an article on GM plants
Question on Evolution
Why does supercoiled DNA run faster?
Help in identifying an insect
What are the major steps of follicular B cell development
How long can a plant generate oxygen from its own carbon dioxide, produced during nighttime?
Heteromaternal Superfecundation - Any known cases?
Effect of a doubling of the start codon in a gene
Is there nutrient absorption in the large intestine of hindgut fermenters?
Meaning of "pure" in "pure plant DNA" (horizontally transferred to bacteria in soil conditions)
No genes' ID in peak annotations during ChiP-Seq with ChIPpeakAnno R package
What do the numbers in Photosystem I P700 and Photosystem II P680 stand for? Is it the optimum wavelenght? The maximum wavelenght?
Explaining the simpson's diversity index
Electrically facilitated active transport across a membrane
What causes goose bumps?
Are there any non-mammalian species known that lactate?
Why is an A-U bond less stable than an A-T bond?
How statistically significant was the "sweaty T-shirt" experiment?
Why do squirrels have twitchy bushy tails?
Why is an HIV infection considered "incurable"?
is a musk deer's musk pod in its abdomen, its back, or its bottom/rear end?
What program was used to create this visualization of a neighbor-joining tree?
Why do some white blood cells have lobed nuclei?
Do mantises stalk cicadas?
Why do we breath oxygen?
What are the differences between carnitine forms?
Genetic mapping problem
What are the reasons that soap has so different smell and flavour?
What magnification do I need to see blood cells?
Enrichment of slow growing microbes: Large Test Tubes as an alternative?
Why APC's present antigen to T cells?
My hand was stabbed with a pencil tip 10 years ago - why is the graphite still visible?
Chance of child inheriting at least one copy of an allele - heterozygote mother, unknown father
Living intermediate species?
Do the effect of inbreeding depression disappear after the first generation of outbreeding?
An alternate cure for AIDS?
What is biological intuition?
Ways to identify that proteins are regulating different genes experimentally
Help Identifying Tree
The biggest underground living animal
What is a common body composition in mammals?
Zygote Implantation and Pregnancy Detection
What signals a ribosome to stop production when the cell is out of available amino acids?
What is the name of this flower?
Plant species ID, Bangladesh
What are the branches of system ecology?
Was the Okazaki fragment experiment ever replicated?
Which organelle synthesizes glycogen phosphorylase and why?
Why doesn't telomerase activity cause DNA to get longer each time a cell undergoes DNA replication?
How to correctly and accurately identify a few species of trees from their leaves?
Since nature highly favors the pyranose forme of Ribose, what explains the fact we find it in the form of furanose in DNA and RNA?
Effect of cellular phone towers on human health
Does the human body metabolize what it smells, even in trace amounts?
"Antibiotic resistance" equivalent in archaea for selection during cloning
Will moths evolve to become blue if we paint walls in blue?
Insect identification, Chennai, India
Insect ID, Maharashtra, India
Reading and Understanding profile bands in DNA Fingerprinting
Can we change one's genome into the genome of somebody else
What dangers would the wireless transmission of power through microwaves pose to living organisms?
How heavy are all foreign microorganisms in and on the human body?
Why do we blow when we're out of breath?
How do we sneeze?
Is there a good easy protocol for extracting proteins (enzymes) from fungal mycelium?
Nucleoside analogs that cause mutation
What are the metabolic concerns associated with hard water?
What happens to H+ when Glycerate 3-Phosphate is converted to Triose Phosphate?
What is meant by "the degree to which a gene is expressed" in an individual?
When does meiosis occur in flowering plants?
Is there a database of cell images?
How do antibiotics create drug-resistant strains
How do we sneeze? - Part 2
How does the sticky ends of foreign gene bind with its counterpart in the plasmid DNA if positions are not matching?
Two 20 million yr old fossils of Hummingbirds found "The amazing thing about the fossil is that it's essentially a modern hummingbird
Why isn't the biological niche occupied by whales instead occupied by fishes?
What is this Sacrificial Reproductive Strategy Called?
What happened to this seashell?
Why is it important to have a restriction point? (G1-S phase control)
What is the effect of the wavelength on the spectrophotometric measurements of protein?
Does opening the lid of the spectrophotometer affect my results?
Are mitochondria alive?
Why are viruses considered microbes?
How to write 100% phenotype ratio?
How to determine suitable Cysteine mutations?
What was Protein G named after?
What kind of tortoise is this?
Serotonin activity with short 5-HTT promotor region and depression
What are the key differences in giant and large unilamellar vesicle preparation processes?
E.coli division and its DNA replication
Protein modification and ATP consumption
Where does the inverse seconds unit come from in the association constant?
Hemiptera sp preimago?
How does one predict the methylation pattern?
What sort of seed pod is this?
Species-area relation graph
C-myc/anti-myc Ab Interaction with Fusion Proteins
Applications of shortest path problem
What is the silencing mechanism of AGO1,AGO3 and AGO4?
Why do some bacteria have an asymmetric replication?
Polymerase Chain Reaction Questions
num_tol_term in PeptideProphet result
Do all different types of neurons serve different roles?
How can I fit the A595 of my unknown samples to the data?
What is the name of this plant, from Bangladesh?
Why don't we have two hearts?
Why do earthworms have 4 hearts?
Why do we laugh?
Purpose of antibody wash
Bootstrap question
Absorbed dose from a CT scan with relation to radiation accidents
Does the number of nodes determines the rate at which a neural signal is transmitted?
What kind of mushroom is this?
How is the volume of the dialysis buffer decided?
Is it possible to stop yourself from going into shock?
Identification of a moth
NCBI EUtils. Get Homolog infromation using Gene ID
metabolism preference by the body
Genomic DNA isolation from wheat
How protein denaturation affects digestion?
Typical neuronal firing rates across the human cerebral cortex
Bradford Reagent Disposal
How can E. coli affect C. elegans expression?
Walkthrough Illumina Genotyping
Common genes and enzymes involved in pathogen entry into host
Why is there a size limit on inserts that a plasmid can accept?
Is it possible for a person to eat so many carrots that one turns orange?
Are progenies factually half-clones of the parents?
Why are so many spermatozoa produced when only one of them fertilises the ovum?
How does kinesthetic work and with what do we sense this?
Why does ALS start in middle age?
Is NZT-48 real?
Genetics of Hybrids
Does a microwave oven disinfect food?
Genome Sequencing
ATP to disassembly of nucleotide ratio
Why we have to damage our muscles to build them?
Do reptiles hunt?
Bacteria Replication
Why is the neuronal plasma membrane more permeable to potassium ions than sodium ions?
Rampant low Vitamin D
What makes diffculty to make a human bio-tooth compare to a mouse's?
Abbreviations for molecules: What are CheW, CheA, CheY?
How long a dog can remember its owner's smell?
Is lung size/shape a factor in long-continuous running of animals?
How could humans have interbred with Neanderthals if we're a different species?
Rushed publications based on flawed data
Resolution of gel electrophoresis
Symbiosis of Pseudomonas Fluorescens
Can people with AIDS get a fever?
How can rapid growth cancer get nutrients in vivo?
Avoid Blood lyse color remain in DNA extraction
kinetics question
Why does mud therapy work by some pain related diseases?
Summarising ChIP-seq and controls needed
Which Lactobacillales (Lactic acid bacteria — LAB) strains are capable of degrading starch?
Plasmid choosing
Do dingos show wolf 'characteristics'?
Is intelligence (or mental ability) genetically transferred (inherited characteristic) from the parent to the offspring or is it an acquired trait?
Have there been any macro-evolution experiements?
Is there any possible way to take a DNA test without using blood in humans?
Bio-fuel efficiency as aviation gasoline
Does the new virus tree of life change their position between living and non-living things?
Mitotic chromosome condensation screen
Transcription when Chromosomes are Condensed
Does exercising increase the rate at which UV rays are absorbed and cause affects?
Description of the paramaters in the packing parameter?
Neanderthal and modern human population sizes
Is it possible for two people to repopulate earth?
Depolarization and hyperpolarization in stereocilia of the inner ear
Telomeres and daughter strands
What is the global average BMI?
What happens to the food you accidentally aspire?
Why do males have more birth defects?
Metabolic efficiency for fats and sugars
Ice Age Extinctions - Man vs Nature?
Which is more susceptible to dehydration — extracellular and intracellular fluid?
How does soap affect membrane permeability? Which component of the membrane does it affect?
tandem repeat sequence; causes of contraction and/or expansion question
mutations induced by transposons
Recombination between DNA segments question
Genotype-Phenotype databases?
How are CheY, CheA, CheW, CheZ pronounced in speech?
How are reflexes suppressed?
Why does the direction of endolymph flow oppose direction of body motion?
Entropy and Open Systems - AP Biology
Is this a simple Hardy-Weinberg problem?
Are there any biological obstacles prohibiting lighter-than-air organisms?
Why don't bacteria eat food leftovers?
What differences in effect does fast repetitive exercise have compared to slower muscle-building exercise?
What is the change in ratio of histone to protamine in men with infertility called?
Nerve fiber responses to intense stimuli
What are 'acid stable' amino acids?
What if there are no bacteria such as Streptococcus mutans
Why my base-quality in alignment is not perfect?
What is the role of the tissue surrounding neurons in decision making and taking control of impulses?
Is there a blood panel lab test that measures all the hormone-producing glands?
Where would the majority of the Indoleacetic acid (IAA) be in the shoot and what would the effect be?
How is achieved the loss of heat through vasodilation?
Trees ability to transport water
How is the Concept of Simple Diffusion Possible
What contributes to the variation of protein sequence across different species?
Is there a better lysis buffer than this for fungal DNA extraction?
Where should one start if they want to go about identifying phytoplankton and dinoflagellates?
Why are there splice variants within the same organism? What might contribute to the need for the feature?
Producing a genetically modified animal with cell walls
Which Darwin book (and today edition) is illustrated by his own drawings?
Is there a lower temperature limit, below which we cannot sense a difference in temperature?
Please identify organ
Why does NAD+ become reduced if it gains a hydrogen proton?
How do molecular recognition features work?
Understanding Illumina Adapters
how does one apply for masters in genetics abroad?
How the brain is affected by Alzheimer's disease
What product of cellular respiration creates an acid when in solution with water?
NCBI E-utility to Find Shortest Citation Path Between Two Publications
Argentine Ant Trails
Transmission of HIV from Mother-to-Child Through Breastfeeding
Infection of urinary tract if the pH of urine is made alkaline
How can the number of chromosome change during evolution
What is the effect of reduced gravity on human height?
How do I generate a phylometric tree given species names?
QTL mapping in Drosophila
Calculating the frequency of a recessive allele in case of three segregating alleles
Are some animals, like dogs and cats, color-blind and how do we know that?
How does an amoeba move?
what makes our body warm?
What is the term for being younger than the body age?
What causes the pain when a bone fracture is healing?
Can general soap kill bacteria?
What is the attacking mechanism of RF on IgG?
Difference between protozoa, protists, protoctista?
Trisomy 21 and Down syndrome
How do you interpret this microbiology/ bacteriology research figure?
Can electricity be harvested from the soil around plants?
Is Roundup toxic?
Why to use transgenic mice in ALS models?
Difference between the P4 and P5 subtypes of P-type ATPases in plants
Why is 70% ethanol preferred for aseptic techniques?
Why does black and yellow indicate danger?
On which amino-acids residue is the SDS acting on?
How to predict a mRNA secondary structure with a large sequence?
How does mass spectrometry detect histone methylation?
Which class of animals constitute the largest biomass?
Why are female not competitive for reproduction like males?
My eyes were accidentally exposed to high infrared radiation and they hurt, why?
How does one insert cas9 into animal cells?
How long can human tissue last without blood?
How does the drug MBC effect the depolymerization of microtubules in eukaryotic cells?
How do I read a species description that uses both ≡ (triple bar) and "incl." to denote synonymy?
Gene silencing in C. elegans
How does acupuncture work?
Is poison venomous and is venom poisonous?
Problems in optimisation with applications to biology?
Where in the world does blue eyed whites originate from?
Two different sized colonies from the same species of bacteria. What does it mean?
What are the molecular/cellular basis of pruritus ?
How to statistically test the predictability of evolution?
what is the natural way of rose to propagate by its vegetative cells?
How plasma cells switches secreting different Ig classes?
Is there an evolutionary advantage for coconut oils to be rich in saturated fats?
Why do teeth ache after fillings?
Doubly-compound leaf examples?
What, if anything, would prevent flying fishes evolving to be capable of extended flight?
Evolution of spider webs?
Function of NaCl in yeast shuttle prep of plasmids
Microinjection method in C. elegans
Can body temperature affect the quality of sleep?
How can birds keep their eyes moist during flight?
how to solve gap reactions in genome scale metabolic reconstruction
Thermoregulation Question
Affinity Column of membrane bound receptors
Batch several sequences for absent restriction sites
what are the best books for the IIT-JAM biological sciences exam?
Is it easy to test human Flicker Fusion Threshold?
How do you create a .snp datafile?
Anomalous base pairing of nucleotide tautomers
Determining the osmolarity and tonicity of a cell
To have a drug travel to a specific place in the body can you just coat the drug in extracellular signals recognized by target cells?
If two different diseases have more than one common pathway, the relationship between their occurences?
When did human ancestors learn to walk?
Why do snakes not have eyelids?
Can specific B-cells be created in a lab?
Why do animal cells lack a contractile vacuole?
If oxygen is such a good energy source, why do plants release it?
Photosynthesis Equation
Is it possible to grow E. coli K12 with algal amino acids as the sole carbon source?
Can epiphyte share nutrient to host plant?
Aloe species identification
Why are cancer rates low in large animals?
What is the reason for having an extra recognition site for a restriction enzyme?
What are some examples of undirected weighted networks in ecology?
Was the dodo a dinosaur?
Why would a bacterial population show initial growth when it is in unfavorable growth conditions?
Where can I find a global life expectancy table?
Are there antibiotics for all bacteria somewhere in the earth?
Discrete vs Continuous Replicator Dynamics
Do adult humans exchange beneficial bacteria? If so, how?
How long does it take for a genetic trait to dissipate if its no longer selected for?
Calibrating Motic Camera to Stage Micrometer
Wheatgrass in thalassaemia
Why is one testicle larger than the other?
Non-ribosomal peptide synthesis: why Glutathione cannot be produced by the ribosome?
What is the difference between muscle fascicle and muscle bundle?
Why do chlorotic leaves have green veins?
Why is beta actin commonly used as a control in Western blots?
Question about cutting gene in Plasmid
What causes the bright flash of light when poking my eye?
Differences between synaptic connections
Distribution of synaptic connections
Why does depolarisation by high intracellular K+ trigger calcium channels opening?
Brandywine Maple?
Is a variable domain in immunoglobulin's heavy chain different from the one in light chain?
How does Darwinian Evolution work?
How do neurons inverse an action potential?
Conjugated deoxyribonucleotides
Problem on Probabilty of a restriction enzyme cutting a random DNA sequence
Organ secretions
Needle-like crystals observed in wild-grape wine under microscope. Potentially harmful?
Relative densitometry from SDS PAGE
Does common PCR amplify genes regardless of what cells / barriers they are in?
Why do snails come out after the rain?
How do furniture beetle larvae drink?
What are known methods of non-surgically disabling neural tracts/pathways (esp. Corpus Callosum)?
How do I test if microbes have survived after dehydration?
Is there any definition of life which makes viruses undeterminable?
Why a particular species of bacteria give rise to particular type of colony?
The mystery of coconut tree
Absorption of Topical Magnesium
Why and how is DNA synthesis so much faster then RNA synthesis in bacteria?
Limits of brain neuronal spatial mapping
What evidence is there that common PCR DNA purification kits can isolate DNA from pathogens engulfed in macrophages?
What is the mechanism of folic acid deficiency and neural tube defects?
What is the shortest mRNA the ribosome can read to produce a peptide?
Is global life expectancy normally distributed?
What is the difference between fixation and loss of alleles in a population?
Do lunar rhythms have really impact on plant growth?
What happens to blood after a person dies?
How is the enzyme glycogen synthase regulated?
All-trans-retinal being converted back to 11-cis-retinal or vitamin A
What is the name of this moth found in Virginia USA?
Bacteria resistance to natural antibiotics?
What is this spider, and what is this object that emerged from its rear end?
Spread of malaria from an infected person
Do saltwater fish need to drink?
Wash adsorbed protein without destroying Biotin-Avidin-Mechanism
Do individual neurons communicate with the origin of thoughts?
What's the technical difference between fainting (and being unconscious) and falling asleep (and sleeping)?
ATP yield of fermentation: study to cite?
How can some animals see ultraviolet or infrared light?
Plasmid Expression Vector
What's the purpose of Cdk activity having more than one method of becoming inactive?
What plant is this?
Please explain this disrepancy about ageing
Favored Conditions of Bacterial Growth
Why are segments/parasegments in fruit fly embryos staggered?
Why is warm water comfortable, but warm air uncomfortable?
Identification of this species of Toad
What do leafcutter ants do with the leaves?
Why do mice have a higher metabolic rate than humans?
Examples of prey predator interactions where density of predator is very low and prey form groups when the predator attacks the prey for food
When performing mutagenesis for an assay, how do you decide on the sample size of individuals to be mutated such that all genes are covered?
Freezing after restriction digest
Data Retrival from the GenBank?
Do endosymbiotic organelles have Latin classification?
Is there a web tool for species identification?
How to determine the relationship of competition or cooperation?
How are steroid hormones secreted?
Query from a ppt slide
ChIP-seq data Analysis Database
What is the difference between Amino acids from blood and urine?
Which of the two chromosomes in a pair is expressed?
how body doesn't make antibodies against adjuvants of vaccine?
Do other primates get gallstones?
Could someone please identify this species?
What is the molecular mechanism of odorant transduction signaling pathway?
How to do multiple sequence alignment?
Do eukaryote cells contain DNA that isn't part of a chromosome or located in the mitochondria?
yeast protein secondary structure
Have there been any "chopstick gene" mistakes in genetics?
Exhaled air and lung capacity
What is the name of cellular respiration that Prokayotic cells use?
Permeability of Plasma Membrane
Differences on biological classification?
Access and decay time of long-term memory
Plasmid addiction system in high-copy number plasmids
Why is chromatin not condensed during interphase but is in prophase
Which metazoans host anaerobes to aid in digestion? Do any host oxic digestive tracts?
Why doesn't the ambient lighting condition change the perception of colors we see on a monitor?
What do "reduced antipredator defense" and "reduced antipredator vigilance" mean?
Why are lipid-soluble substances harder to excrete?
Proteases in the blood
How do crocodiles stay fit?
Loss of appetite during fever
What is the difference between conditional and inducible activation?
Experiment to show that carbon dioxide is needed for photosynthesis
Is there a plant particularly suitable for absorbing Hydrogen Sulfide
How does the modern synthesis theory explain the evolution of birds from dinosaurs?
Nernst equation?
Gene sequence and DNA
Is the fingerprint regenerated?
What is the leaf venation of a scuppernong vine leaf?
When did the most recent common ancestor of all living domestic dogs live?
Why would growth hormone (somatotropin) cause both lipid AND glucose release?
Does inorganic particles have pattern recognition receptor?
How do lipid-soluble substances diffuse through the cell membrane?
Disadvantage of using Drosophila for breeding experiment
How do macromolecules (large drugs) in the eye reach the bloodstream and what are the relative significances of these pathways?
Saturation vapor pressure effect on human body
How can a blood test give information about rickets?
Movement of sperm to the egg
Can dermatophytes (toenail fungus) survive without oxygen?
How does the "heat vision" of some snakes work?
Trouble understanding how uncouplers in the thylakoid membrane increase the rates of the Electron transport chain?
How does the flow of ions along voltage-gated channels lead to nerve conduction along axons?
How to use the law of diffusion in the presence of electric forces?
The antiquity of man
If all bacteria in human gut are dead, can they be there again?
How to measure growth of algae with colorimeter
What is the difference between a polysaccharide and a macromolecule?
Do scouting bees get to pass their genes to offspring?
Why does chlorination still work?
Is pathlength correction vital to be included while quantifying protein
What is the difference between sequence alignment and sequence assembly?
Can mexican salamander regenerate any organ?
Blebbistatin effect on vesicles
Blood pH at Higher Altitudes
How does one calculate the amount of oxygen produced by trees?
Is lowered blood pressure a primary lethal symptom of an opiate overdose?
How does the brain manifest and realize the intention to resist sleep?
What are the reasons which make intron detection uncertain?
Can a cell completely lose the ability to undergo apoptosis?
Electroporation vs gene guns
How do large herbivores get enough protein?
When you blow through your nose while holding it closed to "depop" you ears, why do you sometimes feel it in your eyes?
Where I can download the genome sequence of various species of Fusarium?
What would be the shortest and optimal method of extracting human cells for PCR? Is there a colony PCR like protocol for human cells?
Textbook on molecular basis of memory
height and bryophytes
How thick is the residue from a fingerprint?
Energy of flight styles (birds)
Does soap kill human cells?
Why would villagers attack Orangutans?
What is this stick-like creature?
Do mitochondria digest fats?
"synapses grow closer together in order to decrease the distance", is it true?
Are antihistamines considered to be psychoactive substances?
How fast is water transported from roots to leaves?
How fast do stomata respond to environmental changes?
Do aquatic plants have stomata?
Is the prostate problem unique to humans?
Can bacteria release free DNA into their environment?
Dendrodendritic synapse through axodendritic synapse at same dendrite?
Acetylcholine and muscles- excitatory or inhibitory? (muscle atonia and myasthenia gravis)
Are human teeth only diphyodont or both diphyodont and monodont?
Why do eggs lack an endoplasmic reticulum?
Determine secondary structure (per residue pair) from a protein contact map
Does the location of the double bond in chlorins yield a distinct biological function?
Why does size decrease across the sequence of human chromosomes?
What is the speed of neurotransmitter release and receptor binding in a neuronal synapse?
Why is there a structural difference between the bicuspid and tricuspid valve?
What is the significance of 9+2 arrangement in flagella?
Are there any theories using thermodynamics/statistical mechanics or information theory principles to modelling in ecology?
How do our smell receptors detect and tell apart exhaust or cigarette smoke, or other man-made chemicals?
Front versus back in animal anatomy
Does music enhance neural activity/cognitive or cerebral function, or is it just mania?
Conserved acetylation sites in a given protein
What kind of spider is this and is it dangerous?
UACC-462 cell culture
What is the germ layer origin of human lung fibroblasts?
What is the aqueous solution for DNA immobilization?
Is it true that cats can drink sea (salted) water?
Chemosynthesis in Bacteria
Is there a database providing information about optimum temperature and inactive temperature of enzymes?
What happen if we inject restriction enzyme into the blood
Interpretation of F in inbreeding on the population level
Do mammals and birds have a common warm-blooded ancestor?
Can radiation therapy cause cancer?
In CRISPR bacteria, how does viral genomes get integrated into the spacers of CRISPR? Also, in its use, where does Cas9 cut the DNA?
Where is energy stored in a molecule of ATP?
Is evolution a fact?
Unknown animal - What could it be?
Woodland outdoor microscopy advice
Examining milk for presence of harmful bacteria
Protocol to dilute DNA step ladder?
Is there any evidence to suggest that exercise reduces the side effects of caffeine?
Using evolution of bacteria against themselves
Why do workouts cause your muscles to feel heavy?
Can anyone identify these moths?
Does the modern synthesis theory of evolution deny that acquired characteristics can be inherited?
How many mega pixels does the eye have?
Why would glucocorticoids promote glycogenesis and not glycogenolysis?
What is the difference between cell, membrane and animal based assay?
Why are bacterial cultures necessary?
Can we create custom gene/protein?
What does the "*" in haplogroup I2A1* mean?
Why does oxidative phosphorylation require complexes 2 and 3?
Can the spinal cord contain an "epileptic focus"?
What is the human species divergence time
What is the normal blood water content
Does a DNA sequence has its own derivation tree or pattern?
Metabolic control theory: proof of the summation theorem?
If dolphins can see sound, can they say images?
small cocooned caterpillar found on bathroom door - what is this creature?
Why do we like music?
How can I tell if a protein has been denatured?
How "old" is a specific snake venom?
Chemoautotrophic eukaryotic cells?
What is the function of the human eye white?
Basic reproduction number in epidemiology
What does high CD4 level means?
Can immortality of the Turritopsis dohrnii be learned or adapted by other species?
How do I run each individual record in a multi-fasta file against a database using PSI-Blast?
Homeopathy is placebo, but isn't placebo good?
What is the role of gills in terrestrial Crustaceans?
Why did humans evolve the ability to feel such a high level of heat pain?
Why both sexes of the species don't show equal level of Competition?
Are missing limbs hereditary?
Is this "Sympathetic fight response" axis accurate?
Are erythrocytes lysed during alpha hemolysis?
Alternatives to PCR
percentage of animal diseases caused by bacteria?
How to annotate a .broadpeak file with 9 columns?
How many nucleotides are there in the LMO1?
How do human cells respond to mechanical pressure such as heel contact during walking?
What are the metabolic consequences of negative mechanical work in muscle contractions?
How to determine sensitivity in a dose-response curve?
Mechanism of Octoxynol-10 as a preservative in vaccines
Human Endogenous Retroviruses
Are there animal species with sex of an offspring determined by sex of preceding offspring?
Why Can't the passage of acquired behavior be considered acquired inheritance?
What is this dried animal for sale?
How sterile is working next to a bunsen burner?
Why are compost worms sensitive to light?
Calculating pairwise Fst from allele frequencies
What's the difference between tumor cells and host cells?
Can a hairpin (stem loop) within a transcript stall a eukaryotic ribosome?
difference between "Petri dishes" and "Petri plates"?
General transcription factors vs. DNA Binding transcription factors
Parametric Bootstrap Capture Recapture
Can DNA base pairs go through each other?
Stochastic parameters in population growth equations
Can/Have cancer cells be/been used in stem cell culture lines?
Why do some trees in California have dead brown leaves but also new green leaves?
What does uniprot consider "unambiguous" evidence for the subcellular domain of a protein?
How can I find the mRNA sequence for a specific prokaryotic gene?
Getting PCR amplification at annealing higher than Tm!
Is this a spider caught on video floating its web between trees?
Why do specifically bananas go brown quicker in the fridge?
Textbook Recommendations Covering The Adaptive Immune System
What neurons make up the CNS?
Difference between the inactivation of neurotransmitters and hormones
Cancer a method for early Earth Evolution?
Replicator equation for mixed strategies?
Is there any way to make protein pass through cell membrane?
When does a chromatid become a chromosome?
Are the ribosomes specific for each organism
Acoustic characteristics of thoracic diaphragm
Large set of semen microscope images needed
How is adrenaline (also known as "epinephrine") a ligand?
Good model for comparative genomics in relation to temperature adaptation
Do the claims in this paper have any degree of validity?
What are necessary parameters for a tissue scaffold to be biodegradable?`
How to Determine the Most Conserved Sequence from BLAST Result?
Question about proto-oncogenes and oncogenes?
Effects of HRT on transgender(M to F) physiology and athleticism.
Animal gene in plants
Which algae grow fastest under optimal conditions?
Why don't the minus ends of microtubules shrink?
How does increased heat increase the rate of metabolism?
Metrics or operations on genome sequences in human genomic research?
How does discontinuous distribution provide evidence for evolution?
How does one find the corresponding SNPs in the pair of chromonosmes in a FASTA file?
Lac operon: How can lactose enter the cell in the absence of lactose permease?
What does 'direction' mean in the statement "mutations are non-directional"?
Osmolarity vs. Tonicity
Games with non-uniform interaction rates
Blood draw from the elderly or those with tiny veins
What is the role of glycine in the running buffer for SDS-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis
Why are kidney discard rates so high?
How important is non-binding site of protein?
How much genomic variation one usually find within a given bacterial species?
How is curcumin effective in fighting cancer?
What is the advantage of indirect ELISA over direct one?
How do mutations actually occur?
How are neural networks encoded in the DNA?
Why does a cell produce a lot of p53 protein only to later degrade it?
How to find name of the gene
Can RNases/DNases survive in strong acid/base solutions of around 10M?
relationship between cytokines
How to perform a DNA structural alignment in pymol
Natural Killer Cell and Cancer
Resources for similarity between embryos
What is the sequence of pPROLar.A plasmid?
Are there electron or proton receptors in our nose?
Inheritance patterns in individuals with triploidy
Function and expression of pseudogenes
Why do you need primers in PCR?
How are cardiac cells stimulated by an action potential?
Can I simply take the trend of heart rate amplitude to get breathing rate in an ECG?
How is output of DNA assembler measured?
why dna polymerase 3 requires a primer for replication
Why does agrose gel runs horizontally, and SDS-PAGE gel runs vertically?
Why is Bcl2 a good target for cancer therapy?
What causes fruit taste enhancement?
Difference between PCR for linear template and a plasmid?
Prader-Willi Syndrome and Angelman Syndrome?
How much nucleoside triphosphate is required to form one peptide bond during protein synthesis?
Why does HIV belong to a group of retroviruses called lentiviruses?
What is enantiostasis?
In DNA sequencing, is "mate pairs" synonymous with "paired ends"? If not, how do they differ?
In Sanger sequencing, why do we resort to cloning? Why doesn't PCR suffice?
After doing brush I feel hungry?
Head transplant feasibility - Project HEAVEN-GEMINI
How to best conserve a beetle inside a jar?
Could drugs promoting angiogenesis be used as a treatment for burn victims?
Are non-coding RNAs introns?
How much energy would it cost to synthesize all cholesterol requirements de novo?
Question regarding research project on indigenous ants during Eastern European winter
From STRUCTURE to FSTAT format
Are there differences in energy of glucose isomers?
Is the problem of cryonics only the pressure?
Blosum matrix computation with X%
What is the proper way to dispose of a medicinal substance?
Coefficient of Inbreeding - implementation issue
Fur genetics - what are the causes of fur colour decision?
Are gametes determined by the sex of an organism?
importance of cDNA sequencing of a specific gene in different plants
Gel Electrophoresis
How does membrane potential vary between intraceullar membranes and the cellular membrane?
Epigenetics and serotonin?
Pathogenesis of type IV hypersensitivity
Why does histamine release in Type I hypersensitivity help in case of parasites?
metabolic heat generation and exercise intensity
How to obtain a tardigrade?
How DNA programs the first cell in womb into a human
Difference between micro RNA and short-interfering RNA and CRISPR Cas 9 system?
Biological modeling languages - some basic issues
Can genes be expressed sequentially?
Why is it called Nematocyst "Battery"?
What are the structural characteristics of a protein-protein interaction network
Hayflick limit and hair or nails
What does `knee atlas` means in an IEEE's paper?
How would substances that have anti bacterial characteristics interact with yeast?
What stimulates a nociceptor?
Why are vegetables either red or yellow?
Why aren't gene drives extremely common?
Locomotion of Hydra: Why Somersaulting is better than Loop locomotion when moving to a larger distance?
At what point during an action potential are the sodium potassium pumps working?
What is the instructional language of DNA?
What effect does a bat's echolocation have on other bats?
If so many different hormones/molecules work by activating adenylyl cyclase, how do they have different effects?
Gemini usage of --sample-filter
Is a nucleus more dense than the rest of the cell?
Is there a difference between visual sensation and imagination in the brain?
What type of tree is this?
genetic complementation problem
How does the brain recall information?
Why don't the genetic similarities between ‘unrelated’ individuals of the same and different species outweigh the differences?
Alternatives to His-tags
Toll Like Receptors Vs Toll Receptors
Santa Fe xeric indigenous tree
Unable to identify a muscle of the anterior thorax
Experimental Analysis: What are possible reasons for this increase in N₂O production?
What could make a person get ill from not eating often enough?
Why are plants classified in living things?
How does the immune system recognize pathogens?
Why do nerve cells convert electric signals to chemical signals?
Why are there only 6 molecules of water produced in the synthesis of the fatty acid, palmitate?
Are there different species of modern day humans?
Where can I find DNA Sequence data for colon cancer
Why exactly does a scarf help against a neck pain and a sore throat?
Does the assembly of the PLC transcription complex utilize phosphorylation in binding of the GTFs?
Nail polish toxicity studies?
Comparing Embryonic stem cell and hepatic stem cell
Math backbone in biology/genetic
Why can't our eyes smoothly transition from side to side without focusing on a moving object?
Transcription of Genes: Are Specific Transcription Factors + Enhancers Necessary?
Relationship between turgor pressure and osmotic pressure?
Bodyweight loss vs calorie shortfall
Why is there no U3 snRNP in the spliceosome complex of transcription initiation?
What is responsible for soft rot of organic matter?
what benefits does lab procedure Realtime PCR have in gene silencing experiments?
Membrane conductance in phase 1 of the cardiac action potential
PCR that worked previously is now only showing primer dimers and a smear on gel
How much is local blood non-Newtonian in Pathophysiology?
Is there a difference between Luria Broth and Lysogeny Broth?
Must one autoclave LB medium after it has been made?
Gender of BEAS-2B cell culture
How is the probability of a sequence occuring with BLAST calculated?
What is the difference between the Modern Synthesis and the Extended Synthesis?
Are epigenetic changes involved in evolution?
How do house plants affect the quality of air in a house?
Target cells of adrenaline?
0.9% Saline or Ringer's Solution for in vivo work
Why guard cells need to turn malate into postassium malate to become turgid?
Why do you die if you cannot breathe?
Chitin, homo or heteropolysaccharide?
How do you calculate the charge on a polypeptide chain with changing pH?
What effect is seen when the extracellular concentration of sodium is increased?
How does the pancreatic beta-cell know how much insulin to secrete in response to glucose?
What does it mean to clone a gene?
Cause of a extra vertebra in the human body
What does it mean to have a Y-DNA Haplogroup "R-M512"?
Extraction of RNA from algae
Are carbohydrates an essential component of human diet?
How are isovolumetric contraction and afterload related in the cardiac cycle?
Why isn't the DNA in bacteria always split up and replicating?
Why do bacteria need messenger RNA?
Homework Question: Confused about figure related to cDNA and gDNA
How are at home fermentations without starter cultures controlled?
What is the difference between a bacterial artificial chromosome (BAC) and a plasmid?
Acrosomal enzymes and the female reproductive tract
Photoperiodism: Short-Day Plants
Does modern theory of evolution include modification of physical environment?
What is the actual function of HDLs and CETP?
HIV and open reading frames
Enzymes and plasmids
Degree of complementarity
Red fox with blue legs
Which organs need to have fluid compartments in order to develop properly?
Cellulose - why is it fibrous and not granular?
Why would the citrulline content of the watermelon be so high?
How can hyperthyroidism induce osteoporosis?
Why does it take many sperm for one sperm to fertilize an egg?
Corpus luteum during the luteal phase and gonadotropins
Why does a fetus drink and urinate into the amniotic fluid?
Is it possible to isolate cells harboring a specific DNA sequence?
Values of Miu_max and Ks from parameter estimation?
Microbiology- Pseudomonas aeruginosa, BSAC data
Why Isn't mineral transport in xylem multi-directional?
How does paracetamol work?
By what mechanism is NADP+ converted to NADPH in Photosystem I?
Reason for the source of fetal bovine serum
In terms of ecology what is optimality?
Dreaming after passing out
Development and function of spindle neurons
What is the name of this snake?
What is the Genetic Cause of Homosexuality?
How can low cholesterol cause mortality?
Mitosis versus Meiosis I: What's the difference?
How does heat generated by metabolism differ compared with heat generated through exercise?
Why are oceans said to have "low productivity" in terms of photosynthesis?
gene transformation from plant to plant - transgenic plant
Normal cells and the immune system
Why do PCR manufacturers recommend assembling the reaction mix on ice?
Is 100% antibacterial resistance possible?
Difference between various evolutionary terms
Biological term for close species rivalry
How to build a trimeric protein structure from monomeric PDB file?
Why are truncations in Receptor Tyrosine Kinases so sommon in transformations?
Why do asparagine and glutamine have two different abbreviations?
I know how to solve these equations, but I'm not sure what t' represents?
What are two butterflies doing when they fly together, 'hitting' each other?
Any nerves/fibers in foot similar to ulnar nerve in elbow?
Why do humans masturbate?
Why is water flavorless?
Pepper plant leaf curl and "sweating"
Is ATP Synthase a channel or an enzymatic protein?
Are there human-ingestible liquids that do not contain water?
miRNA targets mRNAs
Why do provitamins-A do not cause Vitamin-A toxicity?
Why is binding energy the difference between ∆G catalyzed and ∆G uncatalyzed?
How do cell repair mechanism ratios change as they age?
Do vitamins protect you from common cold?
How do electrons destroy DNA bonds in radiation?
Do intestinal flora have the same DNA as their host?
How to find conserved residues across species?
Time needed for transcription of DNA
Why are human immune systems comparatively weaker than other animal immune systems?
How does RNA polymerase achieve higher processivity?
Proof of the equivalence between two ways of defining ESS
When does lactation occur?
Colorblindness in females and random X chromosome inactivation
Does neural network in brain form cycles?
Lysosome function
Large congregation of birds?
What are the tests performed by NASA's Mars rovers to establish that life could survive on the planet?
Where exactly is 'Colloid' with regards to synthesis of thyroid hormones?
Can an argument be made that humans are 90% bacterial?
What is the lifecycle of hanging woody vines?
Is it possible to have raw ngs data to practice
results of FgenesH and GenScan
In what two ways is ATP used in coupled reactions?
What is this species of tree?
How do burrowing animals get enough oxygen?
Death from too little salt?
Yew seed dormancy reduction
How body loses more fat in CO2 form than in sweating form?
Are there species that occupy several roles in the food hierarchy?
"Signal Advance": Unsure of meaning or contextual use
How do we predict the lifespan of dinosaurs?
How can I generate a random DNA sequence?
Insertion of synthetic DNA sequence
Which part of the reflex arc takes the longest time?
How do plants get their O₂ for respiration during the night?
How many genes does D. melanogaster have?
Can we predict a person's tolerance to cold exposure during excercise?
Why does our mouth "water"?
Do evergreen trees have higher densities of stomata to compensate for retaining leaves?
Machine-readable APG III trees?
What are these two fruit flies doing?
What are the known energy capturing processes in biological systems?
Is it worth to experiment with pro-biotics at home?
Why does uniprot sometimes not label single-pass transmembrane proteins as "anchors"?
Can brain damage caused by physical injury affect the social behaviour of a person?
What is the difference between stomata in evergreen broadleaf trees and deciduous broadleaf trees?
Is there a free software for manual sequence annotation?
Is addiction adaptive?
Why do you retch when you see something disgusting?
How to measure GnRH in menstrual cycle?
Why are some human injections intraperitoneal?
Reseach on feeling pain of other people
What traits make mountain goats so well adapted to mountain living?
How may the age of a child be estimated when required to do so, in video-graphic evidence?
Understanding different genetic terminology - Genotype vs SNP
Genomic instability of cancer cells in h&e image
Do camels pose an environmental threat to kangaroos?
Persistent HPV and CVD in Women?
Protostomia classification and characteristics
Do the BLAST scores have any relation between them?
Are fishes evolving?
Synapse formation
Why have parasites not evolved to be harmless?
What are flagged primers?
How to calculate the LOB, LOD and LOQ of an enzyme assay
Advocate for the pop-culture idea of withholding vaccination
Why was Darwin's Finch argument valid considering Weismann's argument?
Degenerate primer designing software
Why does a Urinary Tract Infection cause a strong, persistent urge to urinate?
Why can't I read everything in my field of view?
Breathing becomes harder in certain wind conditions
How are muscle fibre size and oxygen consumption related?
Do humans contract more physical sicknesses and diseases than animals do?
Can you force human body to mass produce specific proteins?
Is it painful for the hen to lay eggs?
Difference between protein channels, protein carriers and protein pumps?
Bug Identification: what type of bug is this small ant-like bug?
Large coalitions of lions taking over multiple prides?
Why do we need to put phosphate fertilizers along with rhizobium?
Why do I get such a strong background in a detection of DIG-labeled DNA (Southern Blot)?
How does the body survive Ebola?
What is the advantage of using plant-derived antibacterials rather than bacteria-derived antibacterials?
sodium chloride and amylase activity
Are surface area or volume conserved during cell division?
Identification of an insect from midwest US
Can Biologists identify all viruses?
Does increasing the value of k in k-fold coverage requires more memory?
How can neuronal signals faithfully be reproduced by scalp electrodes?
Can galls be formed from mutualistic relationships?
Can a reservoir host act as a vector?
Why does the kidney of a cow have lobules, why the kidney of a human hasn't any?
Diffusion approximation to genetic drift
Do viruses linger/passively transport or attack the body at once?
What is the difference between "gene delivery" and "gene therapy"?
Why do humans have 46 chromosomes?
Why are fifth order Markov Models, the ones most often used for gene prediction?
Why is the penicillin/ceftriaxone hypersensitivity test only done once?
Is there any mechanical digestion that occurs once food/chyme enters the small intestine?
Why human skin colour disprove natural selection?
Immunotherapy for tumours which do not have TSA
Understanding the brain: how are neurotransmitters released in the brain?
Basic Local Alignment Search Tool (BLAST)
What are the hairs/spikes on the edges of these leaves for?
Is there a model perennial plant species?
What is the origin of prions?
What are the effects of non-ultraviolet light radiation on DNA?
Carl Sagan's ideas on the self-extermination of technological civilizations
What are allogametes? please explain
Why do we get sleeply after we eat?
Are all tastes just a combination of sour, sweet, bitter, etc.?
Effect of sex-ratio on the effective population size
what are examples of experimental designs on exposing materal for degradation
BLAST(Basic Local Alignment Search Tool) is heuristic?
How does waking up from an alarm clock work?
What will happen if a foetus is Rh- and the mother is Rh+?
How exactly are petri dishes used (e.g. in medicine)?
Why don't housekeeping genes have TATA Box regions in their promoter sequences?
Do any dogs have blue iris - not just sclera?
Why aren't plants' roots as diverse as leaves?
Who and when was the first human diagnosed with hemophilia, or considered a carrier?
Stabilizing forces between the protein sequences?
Which is better adapted for global warming: deciduous or evergreen trees?
Can you knockout specific receptors in an adult?
Focusing on flowering plants, are there reasonable explanations why pentaploids would be more fertile than triploids?
In glycolysis, what is the source of the electron that makes NAD+ into NADH instead of NADH+?
Why even if all requirements for natural selection are met, it may not happen?
Why is alcohol purged from the body more slowly when we sleep?
Resolution of X-ray crystallography
Electrode locations for neuron study in stereo EEG?
How many virus infections does the average human have?
CNS lymphatic vessels around ventricles lat et 4th?
Is high metabolism linked to high evolutionary turnover?
What would the resulting karyotype be if someone with Klinefelter syndrome fertilized an "empty" egg?
identifying which SNPs sit in TFBS (Yeast)
Why can't men produce milk, just like women?
Is honey in hot green tea unsafe?
Where can you find the quantities of each amino acid of a particular protein or food?
Does the second law of thermodynamics cause aging?
Is it possible to consciously increase or decrease your own heart beat?
How are targets formed for axon growth cones (CNS)?
Standard practice for generating rarefaction curves from Next Generation Sequencing data
Why do leukemia and lymphoma cause "night sweats"?
How to obtain virus samples?
Why does vitamin D need to be exogenous?
How is tolerance to an allergen developed?
Difference/similarity between adaptive radiation and species divergence?
Do mutant alleles result from mutation of the wild type?
Is there a way to quantify in vivo cholesterol transport rates?
What determines whether the maternal or paternal allele is expressed?
Where does fungus store excess food?
Is there a GPS super tiny for passerine birds?
How large is the variability in human bone thickness, and is "big boned" a real thing or not?
Is there an evolutionary reason why so many white matter tracts decussate in the brainstem and spinal chord?
How does lactic acidosis lead to pain?
The effects of auto-brewery syndrome
How do cellular waste products enter arterial blood?
What is the relationship between the light and dark reactions of photosynthesis?
why is cellulase not found in animals?
What is this sand covered insect?
Is there is difference between "homozygosity" and "homozygosis"?
Can skin be removed and replaced so that it maintains its original cellular structure?
Why do most organisms depend on water?
When was the last common ancestor of pig and human?
Genotype of children conceived after stem cell transplant?
Of people who develop Alzheimer disease, are those people genetically predisposed to it?
What are the effects of removing CD4 receptors?
Would some dinosaur egg be the most massive cell that ever existed? Are dinosaur egg relatively small compared to eggs of modern birds?
What is the surface area to volume (SA:V) ratio of a red blood cell?
Which DNA fragments do not have expected sizes on this gel electrophoresis?
Engineered CD8 T-cell therapy for HIV infection
final control prior to transfecting an expression vector into a mammalian cell?
Why are plant buds called 'eyes'?
Why are the genomes of Humans 99.5% the same?
Regression to the mean and evolution
Does urea at different concentrations (5 or 0.5M) have different effects on proteins?
Life after decapitation?
Why do my muscles move slowly when cold?
Which fractions are enriched for siRNA cleavage activity by comparing electrophoresis?
Cancer cells and their ability to avoid the immune system
Inbred mice has no severe phenotype outcome?
Is eradication of the Common Cold possible?
Are platyhellmintes and annelids segmented?
A question involving immunoprecipitation to identify interacting proteins?
How chameleons change color?
Why are belly buttons on the stomach (why does the umbilical cord end up attached to the stomach)?
How much should one smoke in order to prevent Parkinson's?
What is membrane-partitioning free energy? Can it be simulated?
is there a difference in meaning between the terms "bone architecture" and "bone structure"?
Can somebody be deaf to voices of some people only?
Why do we have two eyes?
What test to apply to detect genomic signatures of selection?
What are we missing about the real workings of the evolutionary process?
How do proteins perform their function
Binomial nomenclature: Why am I seeing different genera with the same species name?
What is the general term for tree-dwelling animals?
What are some examples of small-scale physical phenomena that snakes fear?
Can the retina emit light?
If evolution is not about increased complexity, why does so much complexity evolve?
How to choose secondary Antibody?
Which secondary structures of RNA are symmetric?
Determine which seed will germinate first
Chromosomomal walking
Small mottled beetle identification
Why would a python go after such large prey?
Is it possible to have cancer and normal blood count at the same time?
Indian tropical fruit trees and fruit bearing
Is hypoxia/anoxia the ultimate cause of death?
Is there any evidence of animals wanting to die?
How does the brain train its neural network?
Blood sampling at home
Why does my grass luminesce when I step on it?
Can Allergy and Auto-immune diseases be the signs of hyper-vigilant immune system?
In the video, "Inner Life of a Cell", what's the empty space between the molecules?
Does physical exercise of a specific part affect muscles in the other parts of the body?
How to predict cancer-related proteins in Protein-Protein Interaction networks
Are there testosterone receptors in female mammary tissue?
What is the term for "technical extinction" of yet alive animals?
Are there animals / mammals which only have one eye?
Can you grow more Biomass in a brickhouse only powered by solar cells than in a greenhouse? Will we ever be able to?
Where can I find a file listing the genetic differences in humans?
Why only human have noticeable difference in face?
How are individual neuron firing rates characterized?
Is an egg classified based on the species inside it, or by the species that laid it?
Bootstrapping (symmetry breaking) in evolution
Determining the Accuracy of DNA Testing
Why are nucleic acids negatively charged at physiological pH?
What are the identifying characteristics of a Jellyfish?
Why are human titin and mice titin considered the same protein?
Why only mitochondria and plastids?
Why sympathetic and parasympathetic nerves originate in different parts of CNS?
Do "scars" in humans replace all the skin layers or only some layers?
Could a trans-female person ever become pregnant?
About acetyl-coA in the Krebs Cycle of respiration
probe amplification in MLPA
What are the minimum conditions required for "open-ended evolution"?
how to calculate dilution factor and CFU
Which steps occur in each phase of Meiosis and Mitosis
Short videos on evolutionary biology
How do small birds survive the winter?
Perception of white in the absence of rods
Conversion of ATP to NADH without creating a proton motive force?
Insect identification, Bangalore India
Why is the swelling of bread when placed in water not considered to be caused by osmosis?
Why is the quality range of fastq format so broad?
Pink growth (aka pink slime) in bathtub or shower
What determines the length to which hair grows?
How "exactly" is Rabies transmitted?
What would happen if Carbon-14 was in a glucose molecule and decayed into Nitrogen?
Why is stimulation of nerve tissue with a negative pulse called "cathodic" stimulation?
Spider Identification: Is this an Arizona Recluse?
Are the genes for transcriptional factors close to their targets in the genome?
How the chaotropic agents help in purification of DNA molecule?
Why is it necessary to have both cone and rod cells in the eye?
Pedigree Analysis: Problem
Ions in different cell compartments
DNA extraction for LAMP assay
Xylem Properties
Polar bodies in females
What is allelic effect sizes and direction?
Where can I find FDist2 executable?
Why is a heritability coefficient not an index of how "genetic" something is?
Why is marginal reconstruction "more correct" than joint reconstruction in some cases?
What distinguishes Mendelian Inheritance from Non-Mendelian Inheritance?
What are some useful (starter) metrics to use on phylogenetic trees?
Why do we sleep?
Are there worms/snake traveling by rolling? (see youtube video)
What makes animal to continually reproduce?
Do only one or both pairs of homologous chromatids exchange genetic material during the process of crossing over?
How are subspecies defined, in contrast to species?
Are nucleotides at the ends of DNA stripped on aging?
Are cortical columns restricted to somatosensory cortical sections?
Differences among competent cells?
Mechanisms and Assumptions of the Species-Area Realtionship
Do we actually know the molecular dynamics of any enzyme?
cell specialisation and their location
Why does the proportion of transposable elements vary so much across species?
Do chromosomes uncoil in interphase II?
Where can one find completed and processed Hi-C datasets?
Why do we have two brain hemispheres?
Problem: What is this pattern of inheritance?
How does Australia fit into 'New World' / 'Old World' dichotomy?
Unmyelinated long axons in the sympathetic nervous system
What is the definition for vitamins?
Are 2 eyes necessary for 3D vision?
Why do I see different hues of colors between each of my eyes?
How do microbes develop resistance to anitmicrobial peptides?
How much genetic divergence must there be to yield two different species?
How old is the oldest intact DNA?
how to change format of ent file into PDB format?
Can a hormone be absorbed into the body digestively?
Symmetry of species
curly braces in sequence motifs
Is there a formal definition of signature of natural selection?
Are there any predators without camouflage?
What nocturnal animal sound am I hearing in the trees in Maine?
Relationship between body size and damage done by electricity
Non-descriptive gene nomenclature
How long can you effectively store a glycerol stock at -20 degrees Celsius?
Is a fat-soluble vitamin a lipid?
Where is sialic group in gangliosides that form ABO blood groups?
Where do I find microsatellite instability annotation for TCGA data
Why do raw prawns turn red after sitting in vinegar?
Do human somatic cells have 46 chromosomes all the time?
What concentration of sugar is optimal for baker's yeast fermentation?
How many ATP molecules are formed?
Constant or variable number of chiasmata during recombination?
What factors limit a shape and size of an organ
Do any animals prepare food?
ChIP-seq for histone modification not in agreement with RNA-seq for expression
What type of Interspecific relationship does this graph depict?
In cell division, are daughter cells identical?
Simple Mendelian sex-linked chromosome fruit fly question
What is the maximum altitude where humans can survive?
Why don't antibodies generally bind to food and drugs?
Is DNA transcription inactive during mitosis ie no proteins are made? How does the cell survive?
How to search for a protein sequence of an specific taxa in NCBI?
How can I find the most studied SNP of a gene?
At which end does polymerization of microtubules occur?
The Semi-Conservative Model of DNA Replication: Question
How was gene therapy able to cure diseases through the transformation of actively dividing cells?
Assays to determine competitive binding versus non-competitive
What is the purpose of requiring two separate binding systems for the antibody response?
How to identify genes in Ralstonia that synthesize PHB and promote granule formation?
Relation between heterozygosity and allelic diversity in founder effects/bottleneck?
Why is exocrinous pancreatic cancer so lethal when compared to others?
0.1 M sodium citrate in 10% ethanol and DNA solubility
How does current delivered by a neural stimulator propagate in the brain?
Why does the open tree of life have 2600 species of rose?
At any given moment, how much energy is stored in the human body as ATP?
Action of tetracycline on 30s ribosomal subunits
Skull size of Homo naledi
Is HSV-vector-mediated miRNA expression in dorsal root ganglia stable?
"Prime" structure of DNA Double Helix: Confusion
Numbers in the names of tumor markers
Are there any animals that gradually approaches the predator to search for food?
what is the principle behind Allele Frequency Net Database
Which of the three is true for insulin receptors?
How difficult is it to make a shRNA/miRNA/siRNA to silence/knockdown NaV1.7 voltage gated sodium channels in humans?
Can a cell start a mitosis if it lacks energy or molecules to complete it?
Is DNA replaced after organ donation?
How is a bacterial strain defined?
Gene and alleles
Which of the following is NOT a type of tropism?
What are the basic skills required to pursue future studies in theoretical ecology?
Does evolution thinks?
How does the splicing enzyme recognize where to splice the introns?
Male-Male competition limited to breeding season?
Is it possible to separate the binding and catalysis of an enzyme in two steps?
How to understand Aposematism and Batesian mimicry
What is meant by electron transfer potential?
Are axons capable of endocytosis?
How many protons are pumped out per pair of electrons from NADH in oxidative phosphorylation?
Identify this large (swamp) fly?
How are the two ATPs (properly 1.5 though) formed from oxidation of 1 FADH2?
Have scientists ever produce a new species in laboratory by means of natural selection?
How can binaural beats change mental state?
Why is metabolism of ethanol catabolism? Could it be also detoxification?
What are the determinants of tumor metastasis
How does a Plasmodium move?
Why do Major and Minor grooves exist in dna strands?
What is working definition for female infertility?
What is 'noise'?
What is vascular cambium?
How to predict Protein-Protein Interactions from a pair of gene symbols?
Atlas from human brain structures to 3D coordinates?
Do antioxidants interfere with chemotherapy?
How is HIV evolutionarily viable despite its extreme virulence?
Does a gene that regulates itself necessarily be a transcription factor?
Nicotine levels in non fruit/edible parts of plants (that are not tobacco)
Droppings of mystery: What are they
How do CAM plants keep stomata closed by day and open at night?
Why bacteria and viruses are so much smaller than animal cells?
DNA Topology. Question on twists and writhes
Why does heating kidney beans at a low temperature potentiate the toxicity of phytohaemagglutinin?
Do animals demonstrate target practice (i.e., playful accuracy behavior)?
Are there fundamental differences between the adaptive immune systems of higher primates and other mammals?
Do ants use something similar to the honey bee "waggle dance" to instruct the rest of the colony where to find a food source?
Why are sequencing reads shorter than PCR products?
Does medication make the body dependent?
How much do crocodiles eat?
Examples of seeking behavior by brainless animals
Determination of Ageing by ECG inclusions/exclusions?
Examples of animals with 12-28 legs?
What causes the opaque green colour in Lepidoptera?
Will dissolved proteins pass through a 0.2 micron filter?
How is AMP "recharged" to become ATP in a cell?
Reason for aquatic plant roots
"Heterozygotic expection" - when heterozygote differs from both homozygotes, but homozygotes are similar
Why does Citric Acid occur in Citrus fruits?
What fills the spaces between non-fused sacral vertebrae?
BWA-MEM single strand or doublestrand alignment
What is a tardigrade "in tun form"?
Can an enzyme be activated without allosteric inhibition or activation?
How does cytochrome c oxidase inhibition cause cell death?
How do you know which organisms are keystone species?
Why do children prefer sweeter foods?
Aspirin - does it inhibit enzyme of thromboxane?
What is the purpose of THC for a Cannabis plant?
What kind of changes "stays" in the neuron after the nervous impulse happened?
What determines the shape of the center-surround receptive fields of retinal ganglion cells?
Identifiying a conserved residue in multiple PDB structures
Density of cells in human tissues?
Normal cell diffusion in normal organism?
How does protein enter bloodstream?
What niche was humanity theorized to fill before we possesd weapons and coordination to hunt & kill large prey?
Diffusion coefficients of glucose in mammal tissues?
Difference between negative allosteric regulation and non-competitive inhibition
How do animals with fur get enough sunlight to produce vitamin-D?
Which literature/study/myth spurred the idea that urine is sterile?
Difference between LH and ICSH
Difference between DNA and Genome
How does Organ Transplant work well despite having Foreign DNA
Why doesn't pure fat taste better than pure sugar?
Can the dead be brought back to life by viruses?
Aquarium snail identification
What is the best way to block cigarette smoke from the body?
All-or-nothing-law: law or general principle?
How do disulphide bonds in hair cause curling?
Why does influenza sometimes cause GI symptoms?
Does vitamin C decrease after reacting with oxygen free radicals?
Author statements (Readers) in biological nomenclature
Genetic coding question, amino acid to base relationship
Convert flux value in nmol/min/mg protein to nmol/min/cell?
Question about SAM CIGAR string
The evolution of sleep
Whales and cancer
Is there any websites that provide the DNA sequences of food samples?
Why do bacteria die in a high sugar content environment?
Can we take advantage of nanopore sequencing systematic errors to predict secondary structure motifs?
Synaptic pruning and selective elimination during adolescence
How are vaccines and inoculations different?
Incomplete dominance with gain-of-function allele
Can one eye affect the other eye's low-light adaption?
How is e-value calculated in BLAST 2 sequences (BLAST+)?
Do fish increase or decrease pH of aquarium water?
What does "~mitochondrial DNA ~bp linear DNA" means?
Advantage of GCPRs over RTKs or other receptor protein kinases
Growth factors vs. mitogens
Can heritability be deduced from a correlation coefficient?
What would be “Sternum-Intermediate” distance?
Short dated spontaneous ringing in ear
In a tumor, why hypoxic regions have access to glucose?
RAD sequencing: choosing the appropriate enzyme?
Why do mammals produce more carbon dioxide than insects?
Influence of artificial sunlight on the human body
Polar bodies fertilization
What other cognitive behaviors in bees, outside of navigation, are affect by neonicotinoids
Cesium-137 From Fukushima Meltdown
Was the frequency of mutations more during primitive earth due to radioactivity?
Why are eye defects so common?
Are scientist able to correct mutiple gene defect in our body by using CRISPR
How is green fluorescent protein distributed while inside an organism?
Evidence of species transitions
Do the antibodies in a patient suffering from Hashimoto's, attack the thyroid hormones or the thyroid gland (or both?)?
Diffusion coefficient of cells in blood?
Lack of yolk in mammalian oocytes as compared to other vertebrates?
What tools are used in animal cloning?
Why do heterozygous individuals have increased resistance to malaria?
How fast can a panda run?
How is "fine mapping of pelvic regulatory region" done in the stickleback PitX1 paper?
Can stem cells from male convert to cells of female-only organs, and vice versa?
Why is ATP produced in photosynthesis used to synthesize glucose?
Did the Zika virus mutate?
What is a catalytic domain?
How does symbiogenesis explain reproduction of organelles along with the cell?
How does a test like the Natera Panorama distinguish the child's genome from the mother?
Explain allelic complementation at molecular level
Animals in predicting disasters..!
Is there a special reason why ferns are so early in evolution?
Why is AIDS not a congenital disease?
How does food preservatives effect salivary digestion?
Amplified Fragment Length Polymorphism (AFLP) primers
ADCs: by what mechanism are antibodies internalised
Glucose to Glucose-6-phosphate
Are the cells (structures) of deep sea fish different? And can they survive in shallow water?
Is it known how human sweat glands evolved?
Etymology of the term monilophyte
How to increase pheomelanin production?
Purifying large amounts of PCR product
How to detect Zika in mosquitos
Bacteria surviving a β-lactam antibiotic
When and why did humans start disliking the way we naturally smell?
What is the term for toes that pull together with an upstep?
What came first? The DNA or the DNA polymerases?
In the life-cycle of the HIV virus, how does the created DNA enter the nuclear membrane?
Find how much times blood is filtered in the kidney?
Why do crows sit on treetops even when it is cold?
Why does immunity from the flu vaccine appear only after two weeks?
differentially expressed genes of the treated with estradiol samples
The impossibility of making a human in a lab
Does food continue to stay sequential once it is inside my body?
Why is it advised to avoid bubble formation during mixing?
new DNA sequencing technologies?
Why do we blink instead of winking each eye independently?
What does characterization mean in a genomics context?
Conjoined twins formation theory
Does the bending of a tree's trunk in the wind stimulate and strengthen root growth?
Transgenic Plant-Gene source for introduction into host organism
Could a prolonged amount of Antibiotics severely affect the digestion Gut Microbiota?
Can tardigrades survive being eaten?
How many Watson-Crick + Hoogsteen triple base pair combinations are there?
Does a specific blood group enhance the Plasmodium growth?
What would happen if a cell is poked by a fine needle?
A limit to birds affinity for high vantage points
Solving a Pedigree Between Heterozygous Half-Cousins
How to solve the problem of 2 melt peaks in real time PCR?
How long do viruses, such as Zika, stay in the body?
Capture recapture for only two visit assuming a open population model
In what sense does lichen 'eat around itself'?
What is the difference between chloride shift and Bohr shift?
How can I estimate the CO₂ uptake of a plant?
Where does the lactate produced by tumors go?
Is the DNA different in each type of cell? What DNA is passed to offspring?
What happens if a non-diabetic receives an injection of insulin?
Why doesn't one develop immunity to bacterial STIs?
How does hypocalcaemia have an effect on the excitability of cell
Difference between the spinal cord and vertebrae column
Could a single cell be brought to life?
What causes humans to be physically weak compared to animals like gorillas?
Glycoprotein hormones metabolism
Did the number of rods changed from ancient time?
Why did eukaryotic cells develop?
Why did multicellular organisms evolve when a single cell can survive on its own?
Energy input during ATP Dephosphorylation?
Why can't we see in low light if staring long enough?
Wax layer destruction from seed coats
Countercurrent multiplier mechanism
How should one interpret heritability? Is it related to $R^2$?
Anemiaceae etymology
Was there originally a non-ribosomal way of synthesizing proteins?
Are these lovebugs?
Crossing over and exon shuffling?
What separates gene loci?
Distinguishing Father from Brother
Can DNA be denatured at acidic pH?
Lifeforms concentrations of the categories of macromolecules, and Lipids
amount of tRNA and its extra arm
What causes swelling after impact?
Sexing fish from a tissue sample
What is the function of the Moderator band?
How would one identify cellular transcription factors associated with a viral protein in a treated cell line?
Do primate RGCs have overlapping receptive fields?
How and why do skin tags develop?
Why do denatured proteins tend to be less soluble than the native protein?
What do proton pump inhibitors do?
Good pipetting technique?
What is the definition of a mutation?
What physical or mental actions can be picked up by EEGs?
Is the efferent arteriole a pathway for filtrate through the nephron ?
What is it that specifically kills ALS patients?
How does the mechanism which controls blood pressure in the brain work?
Concentration of a specific promoter in a cell?
Does the source of caffeine affect the biological impact?
What are most common natural causes of death?
What, if any, experimental evidence is there that flies rub their legs together in order to clean them?
why does brain produces noise?
How to incorporate intraspecific variation in discrete characters in comparative analyzes?
What is the function of the polar bodies produced during oogenesis?
mRNA extraction from mice ears.
Is there an acceptable term for 'male fox' other than 'dog'?
What happens if both forward and reverse primers have same Tm?
Structure of Cell
How is CO2 related to acidity in plant cells?
When you take a very cold or hot bath how is that influencing your breath?
Looking for hard cell segmentation problem
Obtaining a mapping of RefSeq ACs to Uniprot ACs
Why do carnivores evolve?
What are the highest and lowest amplitude values in ECG for humans?
Why does snow not stick to the fur of wolves and some breeds of dogs?
What happens to the mold spores we inhale?
Why do I see the world in blue when I open my eyes?
Escaping resource limitations during tumor evolution
Earliest to use media after autoclaving?
Follow-up to The Red Queen by Matt Ridley?
What is the number of influenza strains occurring at a given time?
Converting miRNA names
Why lactate inhibits growth (or enhances death rate)?
Would urination continue after death?
Efficacy of the 10-20 montage for EEG
Ions in Stomatal Opening Mechanism
Are human beings evolved to eat meat?
Why eyes don't get heated while converging sunlight into retina?
What’s wrong with a shriveled cell?
Why plants and animals are so different even though they come from the same ancestors?
Why it seems that principles of chemistry are not being applied in this biochemical process?
The evolution of poor eyesight: is there weaker selection in modern humans?
What's the mechanism or structure responsible for new species genetic code generation?
Why does HPV Infect Squamous Epithelial Cells and Not Others?
What is this blue-green bioluminescent jellyfish I saw at Aquarium of the Pacific?
Brain wave and motor movement correlation
Are receptors integral membrane proteins or peripheral membrane proteins?
Is the male satin bowerbird's bower-building behavior innate?
What is the probability of genetic reincarnation?
How are 6 "fixed" CO2 molecules joined toegther as glucose?
Is Asteraceae and Compositae the same family?
Is eye colour of Drosophila a polygenic trait or an X-linked trait?
How prevalent is sexual dimorphism?
Why are there different species of bacteria?
What type of point mutation and chromosomal mutation cause Albinism in humans?
Why is it not advisable for humans to drink distilled water?
Does sickle cell anaemia protect a victim against malaria?
Why is ab initio protein secondary structure prediction less reliable than alternatives?
How does a seed determine when to start germination?
How did dolphins acquire their dorsal fin?
Am I a lobe-finned fish?
How to Download the broadpeak files from the encode chip-seq experiment matrix?
What is the reason for fear induced defecation?
Why doesn't hair grow all over your face?
Is there one centomere for the two chromatids in a dyad?
Is it possible for two creature in the same order and have odd haploid chromosome species to reproduce
Where can I find SSR and/or SNPs that locate RC1 genes in Soybean?
Prediction of transmembrane beta barrels?
Why do the vines change their spinning direction?
Can exhaustive algorithms produce MSAs that are suitable for 3D structure modelling?
What is the speed of blood?
Is an athlete's heart rate after exercise greater than a non-athlete
Infer type of nucleic acid based on number of nucleosides
Protein tertiary Structure formation
Confusion about resting membrane potential and the Na/K pump
What causes anorexia nervorsa?
How long does it take for blood to travel from the lungs to the fingertips?
Resting membrane potential: K+ concentrations and charges on inside and outside of the neuron
Are chilies technically peppers?
Origin of the double membrane of mitochondria and chloroplasts
Question about DNP derivatives of amino acids (specifically epsilon-DNP-lysine)
Is there some research paper which focus on the influence of using cancer cell as experimental materials on experimental result?
Why does hemoglobin electrophoresis in sickle cell trait gives two bands but not three?
Sodium hydroxide grade in library denaturation for NGS
A molecular marker for global protein synthesis
How to quantify quality of vegetables and fruits?
Minimum size for a peptide/protein to be immunogenic in human?
Is this a saltwater millipede?
In molecular docking, what is the difference between ligand and cofactor?
Are these birch or aspen trees?
What are mouse LS cells?
Negative feedback loop and oscillations
Do we vaccinate sick people?
What is the function of the kidney in terms of osmoregulation and excretion
Average Beginning of Action Potential in ECG by t-f HRV
How to cut out a specific named gene from plant DNA
Problem with phosphorylated and total forms of antibodies
Are there examples of selection on males influencing female phenotypes?
Blood clumping in mosquitos
To what group does coconut plant belong?
Can soap kill cockroaches and/or ants? If so, how?
Why does the Vas Deferens detour over the pubic bone?
Why do Phobia exist if they aren't advantageous?
What is the significance to life of the anomalous properties of water?
Can someone help me answer or explain how to answer questions about DNA coding capabilities?
What's the mixture of carbon and haemoglobin called
Best methodology to compare computed phylogeny tree with taxonomy?
What's the mixture of plasma and haemoglobin called
How long can an octopus survive out of the water?
Is complete genetic linkage possible?
What causes the range of severity of neurological deficits in Down's syndrome?
Why was the cackling goose split off as a distinct species from the Canada goose in 2004?
What is the lower temperature limit for ion channels function?
What is the correlation between hand and neck flexibility?
Are alpha-ketoglutarate and glutamate involved in all transamination reactions?
How is the brain kickstarted during development
Electrocardiogram: Missed beats in presence of Ectopic beats or Premature Atrial/Ventricular Contraction beats
What is the process of degradation of proteins into amino acids inside living cells?
Do desulfhydrase-catalysed reactions take place in animal cells?
Are humans evolving since their first appearance?
Would a colony with only one male and female collapse?
Can an emulsion enter a cell?
What is the meaning of "within-season variation"?
Does DNA polymerase I require a $3^\prime$ end?
Hydrogen bonding and the blocking thereof in nucleic acids during nuclear processes
Basic Genotyping
What are wave frequencies in the EEG?
Do repetitive movements on EEGs show up as discernible patterns?
What does pseudo-irreversible mean?
Why is the species-diversity of deadly parasites greatest in the tropics?
On vs. off-plant ripening: which one yields a more nutritious fruit?
How can microarrays be used to quantitatively determine level of gene expression?
How is recruitment of multiunit smooth muscle cells fine tuned if they are innervated by varicosities?
How much energy does a neuron use for information processing as opposed to just surviving?
What were the main discoveries in Biology?
Relationship of bases in a gene to amino acids
How fast is the patellar reflex?
Electrocardiogram: Difference between Atrial Fibrillation and Atrial Flutter
Is Chargaff's rule really applicable?
What biological functions does crying serve?
Metabolic activity postmortem
Can bacteria, viruses, and cancer cells be destroyed by resonance?
Definition of general anesthesia
What are in common between transcription factors?
Protein-protein interactions search
Population dynamics ODE with Allee Effects
What are the evolutionary benefits for herbs having beneficial health effects on humans?
Statistically, why is the number of mutated genes in eggs treated with chemical mutagenesis one?
Relation b/w venation and transpiration
Why is mRNA used as a biomarker for cancer over tRNA or rRNA?
Color of DNA, available absorption energy levels of DNA molecule, mutations
I get regularly get déjà vu - but I know it's not a memory recall - I always think it's from a dream
Choice of Molecular markers to carry out molecular phylogenetics
Mitochondrial Genetic code
Is it possible that by mutation a human could see infrared or other 'colours'?
Is heat released during work due to ATP breakdown or a increased blood flow?
Soft Agar Substitute
What are sources for learning bioinformatics for self-learning?
Derivation of Michaelis' Equation from Michaelis' Constants
How to transform snail shells into a fertilizer?
Effects of antibiotics on bacterial growth
Molecular/cellular biology textbook to consolidate what I know about molecular/cell biology
Why is HIV associated with weight loss/being underweight?
Can Bacteria Repair Dephosphorylated Plasmids?
Is there an evolutionary basis for why women mature faster than men?
How to induce a steady increase in cyctoplasmic [Ca2+] in HEK293T cells? And is there any simple marker/method to confirm it?
Are dominance hierarchies always maintained through violence?
How does the snail shells' fertilizer compare to regular fertilizers?
Does our brain contain an innate function about closing only one eye?
From DNA to final traits of microorganisms?
how do we prevent restriction enzyme of bacteria to cut and destroy our new recombinant?
Why we shiver/tremble/shake while performing some work which requires high accuracy?
Small non-coding RNA (sRNA) vs. micro RNA (miRNA)?
Dehydration Synthesis: Why does a monomer contribute a -H instead of an H atom?
Atmospheric gas changes, and their effects life
What is an isolated beta bridge?
How do major and minor grooves arise in the DNA helix?
Does RNA serve as the genetic material of some plants and animals along with viruses?
What is projected to go extinct first?
How many species of mites live on the human body?
Formula for number of divisions required to form x number of cells (Mitosis and Meiosis)
Can we say the 'goal' of Mullerian mimicry is a 'decrease in the number of sacrificed indivials'?
How many residues can a reliable ab initio structural model contain?
What gives diarrhoea caused by Cholera its milky colour?
Is "aggregate percentage" still a valid term in ecology?
Pathogenesis of Cardiac Atypia?
Why does ESR have to be waited for one hour?
Understanding common identifier codes (IDs) in biology databases
Why aren't plants and animals capable of assimilating $\ce{N2}$ directly from the atmosphere?
50:50 sugar/fat mixture
Can we taste electrons?
How to name a case of convergent evolution where the same mutation is involved in both lineages?
How can I make a protein interaction/protein-complex network?
What do the negative and positive signs mean in the rotation angles of DNA helices?
Help analyzing SDS-Page gel
Server for protein structure prediction for multiple sequences
Why do living fossils like crocodiles remain so constant and not evolve?
5-HTTLPR polymorphism and Depression
How does the body switch between aerobic and anaerobic respiration?
How does the Sensitivity of Sokolow-Lyon indexes change by age?
Is there evidence to suggest that nutrients in vitamin capsules are not as readily absorbed as the same nutrients in whole foods?
Why were the earliest humans hunter gatherers instead of fruit eaters living on trees?
What is positive and negative supercoiling?
What is this animal that hides in dustlike structure?
What are the dangers related to keeping a human brain alive outside of a human body?
Irradiation positive effect on humans?
The properties of benign tumours
Can we study all the genes of one human being?
Why can one swim longer underwater by blowing out air?
Why is an excess number of eosinophils consistent with a violent allergic reaction?
Anatomical differences between herbivores and omnivores
Why is competitive inhibition reversible?
Do pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics of the drug in animals are the same as in human?
How can dopamine modulate synaptic strength?
Are the words biology and Ecology ever interchangeable?
Lizard species identification
Do animals have different taste preferences within the same species?
Why is down syndrome more common than other trisomies?
What is two-start or zigzag model of 30 nm chromatin fibre?
Do goosebumps always appear in the same spots on the skin?
Is it possible to derive the Michaelis-Menten equation under conditions where the product formation is reversible
Mosaic segregation in C. elegans
Do animals get sick with hemorrhoids?
How to generate simulated mass-spectrometry data for phosphorylated proteins?
How can the following data regarding flower phenotypes be explained?
Oncotic (Osmotic Pressure) in the blood pressure
What is the P in LogP?
How does glucose delivered intraperitoneal (i.p.) get into the peripheral circulation?
How can I make sure my UV-purificator kills bacteria?
codon optimization / enzyme active site improvement
Computer Models of E Coli / Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite pathways
What is the difference between the glycolate pathway and photorespiration?
Why is HIV so large compared to other viruses?
H3K36me3 role in RNA polymerase II elongation
Tool for translating chomosome, index numbers to sequence information
Does the hepatic portal system form capillary beds?
Why are vertebrae, specifically, so important in classification?
Does variation in human gut length vary predictably with diet of ancestors?
How do geneticists compute the percentage of DNA shared between species?
Why are mice with a single X chromosome and no Y chromosome males?
Strange Striped Insect identification (Northern Indiana)
Creation of healthy genetically modified crops
Is there a resource that has quantitative data about cell proteins?
How to get the correct RefSeq Protein transcript for a given RefSeq Nucleotide transcript?
Is the thecal sac ectoderm?
At what temperature do human bones disintegrate?
Anatomy of the ear canal
Can a Turner syndrome patient develop male characteristics artificially?
Lookup for transporter locations in humans
Is complete linkage found in all four chromosomes or only Y-chromosome of Drosophila?
What's the explanation for those shivers/shudders that happen at random times?
Do eukaryotes assimilate DNA that is floating in the extracellular membrane?
When streaking microbes on a plate to test growth after uv exposure, does how I streak make a difference?
Enzyme immobilization: Factors that help or hurt success
If birds are dinosaurs, then are mammals reptiles?
How can space-time affect ageing?
Is a bone marrow transplant limited by sex?
Why do shed and brown poplar (Populus) leaves get an iridescent blueish colour when wet?
How can a mutator gene can cause a mutation when it is shut off?
What is the name of the property of viruses that can go dormant in the host for 30 years?
Cross section through the right arm question
Is it possible to create a restriction map using python?
What tool to use to map reads (samtools, sequencher,...)?
Construct a restriction map of a linear fragment of DNA using the following data?
When there's a wound, the end result is a thrombus or thrombosis?
How do CD 8+ Tc cells reach the site of tumors?
How do the connections from V1 to V2 form during early development of the human brain?
What does the 'V' stand for in ECG electrode names?
What is a lethal dose of THC?
HSC Cycling Rates
Are the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems exact opposites?
What does "generalisation" mean?
Is it common to have multiple recessive traits in humans?
How only one follicle develops into graffian follicle?
What is an extinction test?
What is the name of the category of viruses that affect only one side of the body?
Why are vegetations in Infective endocarditis common on the atrial side?
What are the differences among food poisoning, gastroenetritis and diarrhoea?
What is the rationale behind reverse cholesterol transport?
What is the function of CETP?
Enzymes and Digestion
Why do animals have more heavy nitrogen and carbon than plants?
constitution of read and gene region (IGV)
Are there bacteria that respire anaerobically in aerobic conditions?
Can bacteria metabolize fatty acids for fuel?
How is the side-polarity of the myosin filament in myofibril maintained?
Current scientific theories for evolution of Cucurbita
What is the name of the property of viruses can activate a second time, with different symptoms?
Does TSH and Growth hormone have any role in menstruation?
What is the difference between Founder effect and Bottleneck effect?
how to make plasma cells adhere to the bottom of a microplate?
What makes worms' eggs float or sink?
Is there a way to determine how many times a given cell divided?
When you have your gallbladder removed, how does it affect bile flow into your small intestine?
Is the amount of blood same in the pulmonary and systemic foetal circulation?
What is the oxygen carrying capacity of reticulocytes?
Accessing Expression Levels for Genes of Interest from GEO Experiments
Why don't rats have a gallbladder, unlike other rodents?
What causes people to feel sleepy due to recycled air?
What is the scientific name of Japan's (other) national flower, the chrysanthemum?
Pooling for qPCR
Why do fruits have to ripen?
What is the difference between [Clinical Trials as Topic] category and [Clinical Trial [Publication Type]] category in pubmed?
How does Ultra-pasteurized milk compare with pasteurized milk?
Whole gene sequence analysis to determine source infection
What happens to the cell during post-hypothermia?
Cloning Ice Age Lion Cubs
How many calories do gut bacteria burn?
if sperm contains only 50% of someone's DNA how can it be used to identify someone?
Germ layer and platyhelminthes
Can aptamers be used to identify the terminal amino acid residue of a peptide?
Do you know what type of insect this is?
Are Young Girls Stronger than Young Boys?
What happens when our muscle tense?
Doesn't the sarcomere contract during isometric contraction?
Is natural selection still at work in humans in the 21st century?
Why do typical acetylcholinesterase inhibitors (like carbamates) have a greater parasympathetic effect than a sympathetic effect?
Why does protein kinase C activated by different means have different effects?
How does an excessive amount of beta carotene affect skin colour?
Restriction enzymes, how are the recognition sequences determined?
What are unmapped reads?
Difference of coverage between amplicons
Explanation of the ‘cherry red spot' in Tay Sachs disease
How are PPI networks constructed?
Difference between Fragmentation and Budding
How do I measure genetic distance?
RNAse activity review
Why are minor introns bounded by nucleotides AT-AC, where T is not normally in RNA?
Why do fetuses have membranes between fingers and toes?
How are physiological reversal potentials (or ion concentrations) of neurons measured?
How can a tongue-biting parasitic arthropod become a fully functional tongue?
Why do Kupffer cells not attack malarial sporozoites?
How to improve DNA extraction
Can the dendrites of sensory neurons be a meter long?
Bioinformatics basics
Multiplication of bacillus subtilis
Pooling already extracted dna?
Identification of proteins in this animation of a ribosome translating mRNA
Which is the proportion of metagenomics reads that cannot be mapped in any genome?
Unwanted E. coli product in plasmid product
What is this creature?
Why does my corn appear to have perfect flowers?
Does atrophy of the thymus not effect T-cell selection and tolerance?
If chylomicrons can not get into the capillaries, how do they supply to tissues?
Can oral bacteria be targeted by white blood cells?
How does valerian make you calmer?
Would a vial of anticoagulated, warm blood attract mosquitoes?
What is the meaning of the "d(...)2" notation when writing a DNA sequence?
What is the direction of current flow in myelinated nerve cells?
Why does BLAST employ local alignments?
How much of the genetic differences between humans and chimpanzees are due to genetic drift?
Fold Coverage of sequence read?
Identifying an Unknown Blood Type
Why alcohol can't help with OCD?
What is the evolutionary advantage of red-green color blindness?
Artificial reduction of NADP into NADPH by means of an electrical current
An experiment to test if a bacterial resistance gene is on the plasmid or chromosome?
Is there a difference in cytoplasmic pH between prokaryotes and eukaryotes?
Does the Michaelis-Menten equation take in account the non-enzyme formation of products?
Molecules, Targets and Isoforms
Why does the intensity of an action potential once generated at the trigger zone remain undistured throught the axon?
Are seedless fruits considered life?
How to obtain a list of proteins sorted by the ~1400 unique protein folds?
Why do we only initially feel the bending of a hair?
What is synaptic clearance?
does life make or break?
Describing trait evolution across a very small phylogenetic tree
How long does a spiking signal last?
What causes spontaneous muscle twitches?
What happens if there is a blood incompatibility during pregnancy?
Are males taller than females in humans?
How's the membrane potential restored to resting state after hyper polarisation?
Why is it always Sodium that we talk of in blood pressure?
Does Alzheimer affect more than day-to-day memory?
Is Zika suspected of causing birth defects only if contracted during pregnancy?
Does the species of snake that eats Amphidromous inversus have chiral dimorphism?
Coagulation of blood in small intestine due to trypsin
What are calories and how to burn them?
Could You Boil Water from Blood?
Is dextrocardia congenital?
Why is DNA double stranded and RNA single stranded?
Are there any major noticeable limitations to genome sequence compression methods that use reference templates?
Why does our body regulate metabolic processes using the thyroid hormone?
Why is it advised that infants are fed mother's milk?
What type of tree is this?
How do I measure fermentation rate?
Why do many people prefer to grow microalgae in bottles?
Are all genes transcribed in differentiated cells?
What is effect of sperm in blood?
Why does Taq polymerase add 3' adenine overhangs?
Pearson correlation of neural responses with it's linear estimation
Do nematodes have organ-level organisation?
Techniques to show a protein heterodimer-DNA interaction
Why are some genomic regions sequenced more than the others?
What is the difference between the mitotic spindle and microtubules?
Synthesis of an additional DNA in Pachytene and Zygotene
Is there any evidence that any other species are "pre-intelligence"?
Chart of blood pH across different animal species?
What is the rationale for the complex eye structure?
How RNA primer on leading strand is removed during DNA replication and how the gap is filled?
Bilirubin metabolism pathway in non-human primates (NHP)?
What would happen if blood flow wasn't periodic?
How to predict the effect of a non coding SNP variant on the expressed protein?
Can mitochondria be regenerated by the cell?
How do you test soil for the nutrients present in it?
Cockroach-like insect identification (India)
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on science fair
To what extent does the cooking time impact the nutritional content when boiling potatoes?
Do babies conceived naturally or artificially have any differences in long-term health?
Trouble understanding overlapping genes.
Do animals get Post Traumatic Stress Disorder after escaping from a life threatening situation out in the wild?
What are the problems in using an ssDNA or an mRNA for expression instead of using a plasmid?
Why do chickens continuously lay unfertilized eggs?
Minichromosome maintenance protein structure and function
What determines whether a substance can diffuse across the blood-brain-barrier?
Is it possible to stimulate the EPOC process?
Skull mystery on beach
can you tell someone's age from a DNA sample?
What is ATP and why is it said to be a source of energy?
Do plant and animal bacterial pathogen differ too much?
Why are local field potentials generally band-pass filtered?
What Would Happen To a Human Who Died In Space And Stayed There For a Prolonged Period of Time?
What will happen when humans are injected with plant growth hormones
Why is alcohol such a weak drug?
Mechanism behind energy generation
What happens during the fermentation process of the eco-enzyme?
Original paper about the all or none law for neurons
Are high sounds worse for your hearing than low sounds?
Is the knee locking mechanism present in animals?
Cellular specific mass (in grams-dry-weight per pico liter)?
Is receptor antagonism just long-term binding?
Freestyle Libre's Glucose's Specificity and Accuracy?
Why does the affinity of haemoglobin's for oxygen decrease at high altitudes?
Headshot = instant kill?
Reason Non linear Lineweaver–Burk plot
A career in synthetic biology
Do other animals have similar blood types to humans?
Is there an equivalent to a refresh rate for the brain and consciousness?
Can multiple overt/covert intentions produce identical EEG readings?
I know why phototaxis happens but why did those bees die?
Any books/publications about what life was like before antibiotics?
de novo gene synthesis vs cDNA library creation from plant RNA: Pros & Cons
What is the length of the centromeric repeat sequence in a human?
Using PGAL10 promoter to overexpress specific yeast genes: How to?
What were the Neanderthal innovations?
Big Bug from Peru
Goodwin oscillator explained
How to compare Smith–Waterman algorithm implementations?
Questions on adding a protein to a DNA library
Henry Fingerprint Classification System Disrepency Among Articles
Controlling the pursuit path of the human eye
Are there animals that can deliberately manipulate their metabolism, apart from hibernation?
Toxicity of Zinc to fungi
Do hydrogen ions contribute to water potential?
Is the zygote the only totipotent cell?
UV light-induced mutagenesis during gel extraction
Does a zygote express all genes?
In percentage, how much is the human genome (DNA) similar to the mouse genome?
What is rotational diffusion and lateral diffusion in plasma membrane?
What are these curious cetaceans?
How much of the Neanderthal genome is living on in humans?
Why does evolution only involve heritable traits?
How does AIDS affect the immune system vs. SCID?
What is the best test for SNV clustering?
Starch vs Cellulose. What are the differences between Alpha and Beta glucose ring structure in them?
Are the bacteria in the stomachs of unborn babies beneficial?
What happens to a snail if we cut off its antennae?
What's the rationale behind freezing one's eggs if cells can be cloned?
How is the diploid chromosome number maintained at mitosis?
Enzyme kinetics: Effect of immobilization on kinetic parameters
Why do RNAi pathway proteins exist in the nematode when they can cause them harm?
Why do we have oncogenes?
Can difference in the expression potential of alleles lead to dominance?
Does our immune system react on all bacteria?
Why do dogs come in all shapes, but cats are generally all the same?
Are identical twins clones?
Which species of Agave are known have flowers which are not edible?
What keeps organs suspended in the body?
Function of human kidneys
When sperm and egg mix, are the genes rearranged?
What does a diamond symbol actually mean in pedigree?
Why do Arctic predators accumulate vitamin A?
qPCR: do both primers have to contain a GC-clamp in order to be effective?
Is NADH found in all type of cell in human body?
Does caffeine actually enhance cognition?
Do plants have distinctive DNA genomes from each other like humans do?
Grouping OMIM disease codes
Does alpha-amylase from different species have different *optimal* conditions?
Does copper exacerbate wounds?
Why are skin moles (pigmented spots) circular in shape?
What are the most common mechanisms motivating mammals to mate?
Article or answer to whether "blood volume pressure" and "electrodermal activity" have any correlation to stress and or feelings overall
How long does it take for a person to lose all offsprings due to inheritance?
How to read this DNA inversion diagram?
Need to solve a "pseudo-metabolic" network for rates
Healing of Skin Superficial Wound
How are ions 'pumped' across a membrane during electron transport?
When should you use a stringent plasmid?
Stable isotope sample preparation: Bone Collagen
How do I retrieve electronic annotation from Uniprot and GO records that relates to molecular function?
Is H antigen considered as an agglutinogen?
"Next generation" brain scanners, can they detect CTE?
Are intercellular junctions, synapses and light-capturing photosynthetic complexes mobile?
Structure of mitochondrial ribosomes
Why do we go blind for a few seconds after switching off the light?
Do homing pigeons fly straight home or follow certain "highways"?
Can viruses be toxic?
What prevent us from synthesizing a cell from "scratch"?
What are cranial nerve nuclei?
Does cancer cells come from same process as evolution?
the evolution of the human brain size
The alignment of fingers in our hand
Is it possible to have different genes in different parts of our body?
A good software for agent based modelling?
Is $F_{ST}$ a probability and a correlation coefficient?
what is meta-sympathetic nervous system?
Can you identify this phyllanthus tree?
Are alleles equally sized?
What's the difference between CREs and DHSs?
How to safely conserve my current DNA methylation marks?
Why were dinosaur skeletons so light compared to mammal skeletons?
Detection of bacteria to measure quality of water
How were (many) dinosaurs' brains so small?
What does it mean "specialized populations of neurons"?
Do Asian giant hornets (Vespa mandarinia) prey on other nests of Asian giant hornets?
How much time do the different mechanisms of gene regulation need to take effect?
How long can one leave sample in lysis buffer for DNA extraction?
Why do sperm have centrioles and do female eggs cells even have centrioles?
How scientists can be confident that human embryo tail is really a tail?
Brain capacity of Cro-magnon man vs Modern man
What is this bird of prey with white belly?
Anaerobic nutrient expenditure
Evolution of parasite into ideal parasite
In theory how fast could nerve signals travel if the nerve fibre was perfectly insulated?
Why do we encode information in DNA in binary and not in base 4?
How many paraphyletic groups can be formed from a phylogeny?
Cellular demand for antioxidants
Species identification - greenish blue ocean worm (nudibranch?) in Perhentian Islands, Malaysia
What do red ants secrete while marching in a line, one after the other?
How to compare diversity between different ecosystems?
At what age does the mouse skull stop growing?
If our skin is burned by the sun what causes the red color of the skin?
Is the increased/decreased enzyme activity (tyrosinase) caused by an environmental factor (UV radiation) considered to be gene expression?
Measuring Gross Primary Productivity (GPP) using Light and Dark Bottle methods: Sample Question
First life forms to evolve controlled flight
Genomic DNA extraction protocol by salting out with NaCl, how to improve yield
What is the meaning of the verb "lines" in this context?
Real unipolar neurons do indeed exist in human?
Are the destruction of Olfactory Receptor Neurons (ORNs) permanent?
difference between transcriptional activator and general transcription factors?
What is the path taken by an oxygen molecule as it passes into the lungs to a muscle cell in the body?
Conservation Ex Situ
Do all cells produce the same proteins?
Can we say it's hybridisation if it's the same species?
Does the change in eye color (melanin concentration) affect the iris pattern?
Based on this diagram, how do you deduce the keystone species?
When touch and pain are caused by heat/cold or pressure how are the nerve cells triggered?
What type of mushroom/fungus is this?
Heritability of trait stronger from one sex over another?
Why does the gc content deviate from 50% in prokaryotes
DNA to Binary Distance Computation
Data on Recombination rate and Gene Positions in Humans
Why is there no symmetry in pigmentation when comparing people north and south of the equator?
Has the human body the greatest total length of nerves of all animals?
What is the cause that angina pectoris is felt in your left arm?
Genomic distribution of tRNAs in eukaryotes
How to construct tumor phylogenetic tree?
Omnivore vs Carnivore territory size
Do any fish have to hold their urine in deep water?
Confluency or confluence, which term is correct to describe the % area covered by cells?
What kind of cell has the most different receptors?
Enzyme Inhibitors: Using in vivo in yeast
Different Effects of Detection Probability Between Presence and Count Data at the Same Location
Behavior of plant guard cells: open or closed stomata
Y285 Yeast Strain: Where to obtain from?
Genomic DNA resuspension after ethanol precipitation
Are women smaller to optimize cloth needs during pregnancy?
Why does the blood not clump and result in death?
No. of genes in chromosomes. phenotype
DNA replication : binding
Where do the four ADPs come from in the second stage of glycolysis?
Is this bacteria or fungi?
How many cells does the hermaphrodite version of Caenorhabditis elegans have?
How does the synaptic cleft exist?
Do any plants grow leaves beneath the ground?
Data on Gene Position in Human Genome
Plant part adaptation vs animals
If human proteins are synthesized from only 20 different amino acids, then how can there be such variety of proteins in human cells?
Fasting gastric pH versus normal gastric pH
Hydrophobic proteins in the body?
Thermal ratchet model
Pink Grasshoppers
How to improve A260/230 ratio?
Can HIV be transmitted via mosquitos?
Why are plant cells rectangular and animal cells spherical shaped?
Is 5-HTP a SSRI?
Yeast Strain with squalene synthase / farnesyltransferase (ERG9) gene deleted
What are respirasomes?
I need help identifying a completely unknown plant for my biology class
What is proton leak?
Get Parent GO terms of GO term vector?
Does GC content determine codon bias or does codon bias determine GC content
Does anyone know the explanation for branches with different flower colors (see picture)?
'Obviously True' Statements that turned out to be false?
What is the difference between hsa-miR-33a and hsa-miR-33b?
Why doesn't blood remain on a mosquito's proboscis in quantities that could spread blood-borne diseases?
Structure of proteins
Runs of homozygosity - degree of inbreeding and disease associations
Is EGF-mediated proliferation symmetric?
Amount of Na+ needed to be transfered in order to depolarize the membrane?
Concentration gradients across membranes with different ions
Use of sunlight in biological processes
Did toads evolve from frogs?
Do Class A biosolids count as organic fertiliser?
How can I obtain a computer readable model of Dr. Gerhard Michal's biological pathways map?
What is the difference between multiple allelism and polymorphism?
Question about radiation and how it affects biological systems
Why the name hypopharynx?
Why is active transport needed in repolarization?
Measuring tumor heterogeneity
Bilirubin metabolism and UGT1A1 inhibition in human vs. monkey?
Infer gene frequency within a species over time
Analysing the ERP (Event-Related Potential from EEG recordings) in terms of the P-300 wave
How can I calculate Shannon-Wiener diversity index in caves with different kind of habitats and different sampling methods?
Why is Fast Fourier Transform applied to raw EEG data?
Function of the alpha subunit in mitochondrial ATP-synthase?
Relationship of the DNA of a eukaryotic gene to the 5'-UTR of its mRNA
Are there proteins that stabilize mRNA:RNA polymerase or mRNA:ribosome complex?
Is curling the fingers considered digit flexion?
What signal processors comprise an Event-Related Potential system for EEG?
Why doesn't the Tsetse fly wipe out all animal life in its range?
Have there been any studies on 'surf balls'? (not related to surfing)
How to calculate relative fitness from absolute fitness with recapture data?
Can ELISA be used to detect a plant enzyme? Creating assay for a new enzyme
What cause the urge to inhale in humans?
Understanding the configuration of channels in the 10-20 EEG montage
Does the body prioritise the use of available sugar before fat?
Are non-lytic viruses reproducing themselves in the host cell?
Where do class 2 preservatives end up after digestion?
Are all the atoms in your body replaced with others over a 30 year period?
Why all trees have cylindrical stems?
Approaches towards a theory of innovation in evolution
Why is a wound much more painful when damp?
Typical cellular respiration lab with a respirometer -- why is potassium hydroxide (KOH) necessary?
Comments on Experimental result regarding Anti-Bacterial soap
What is the biological significance of k-mer counting?
Can fireflies species be identified with their wavelength?
Key points of Wagner's theory of innovation
How to get taxonomic specific ids for kingdom, phylum, class, order, family, genus and species from taxid?
How can a haploid plant be bisexual?
Is there any virus that contains both DNA and RNA in its genome?
Is water vapour a product of fossil fuel oxidation?
Clarification in the name "white cheeked barbet"
Relative concentration of enzyme vs reaction product
Why does fever above 102 herald a cancer patient's death?
Does introgression require interspecific hybrids to be fertile? How is this possible?
Why does sunburn cause fever?
Why do fishes have both a gustatory and an olfactory system?
How do high-throughput/NGS sequencers calculate quality scores?
How many people in the world have bad eyesight?
How exactly are gaps defined in genomics?
Why do viruses last longer on hard surfaces, like glass, than porous ones
Cell biology books
Phototropism or Hydrotropism is a more important factor for trees beside the lakes growing bending to the water?
Choice of primers for PCR
Why is the probability of fixation of an allele equal to its frequency?
Is the birds' decision to fly away congenital or learned behaviour?
Is diarrhoea advantageous to the microbe?
Do only large birds float?
Could there be some safe, hypothetical way of turning on and of thermoregulation?
Flower identification (Singapore, April)
How do I "reinoculate" a petri dish with new bacteria?
Thickness / size / volume of a macrophage
Can both the overlapping genes (in opposite strands) produce proteins?
Why might dogs get sick less frequently than their owners?
Is the bulbourethral (Cowper) gland turned on during puberty or is it on at birth?
Was Darwin aware of the difficulties behind the concept of species?
Who are humans' closest relatives, after primates?
What species of fox is this?
Is there a way to identify a species of tree?
Does a woman contain all the genes needed to make a man?
Is it possible to have multiple stop codons in one exon?
Do camels have nucleated RBCs or enucleated RBCs?
What happens when the parietal cells of gut epithelium becomes partially non-functional?
How can neurons divide without centrioles?
Is there a correlation between Animal Intelligence x Playing time?
What are golgi blobs?
Relaxing Eyes when using Virtual-Reality-Glasses?
Calculating the human carrying capacity for turtle tours?
Books about famous experiments in biology - 'methods of investigation'
Can lactate be created in ketosis?
Directed evolution: Point mutation vs Insertion-Deletion vs Shuffling
How does consumption of vinegar affect food chemistry?
What's the highest glucose concentration (in mM) anywhere in the human body (tissue, capillaries, tumor microenvironment, etc.)?
How can I accurately measure glucose concentration in culture media?
Optimizing Gel Electrophoresis: Ampere, Volts and Buffer concentrations
Does the creation of memory involve mRNAs crossing the synaptic gap?
How are chemical reactions organized in prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells?
How is receptor production (recycling) regulated?
What physical traits are derived from the Neanderthal DNA in human DNA?
Which of the following lacks DNA?
Standard cycles for virus detection
Does night sleep provide more energy-regain than sleep during the day?
Is tolerance unavoidable?
What's the difference between evolution fitness and reproductive success?
Are there insects who can or try to avoid colliding with raindrops?
Why do Hot/Cold drinks taste sweeter once returning to room temperature?
Is there a difference between macroevolution and group selection?
How do stem cells produce 200 billion new blood cells every day? Does 1 stem cell division result in production of just 1 blood cell or many?
Is it possible to grow a fertilized human egg entirely outside the woman's womb?
What do sharks not like the smell of?
Can one talk about deacetylation of a promoter rather than associated histone?
Difference between pulse coupling and diffusive coupling In biological oscillators
Online multiple sequence alignment with constraints
Significance of upper-case, lower-case and Ns in UCSC DNA files
Paired-end illumina sequencing
How can I search for and find specific biology topics in scientific journals?
why does the score matrix influence the E value (BLAST)
How to calculate information content of a DNA sequence
Potential homogeneity across cell membrane
Preferred criteria for new bee colony location
Can the restless leg syndrome may have been caused due to natural selection?
Are there viruses that show definite enzymatic activity?
Can I figure out the identity of my grandparent from this information?
Does size matter?
Embryo development terms
What are the secondary structure requirements for cell-penetrating peptides AKA protein transduction domains
How the genome assembly be done after k-mer counting?
Why is chlorophyll green? Isn't there a more energetically favorable color?
Red transcriptional reporter in Psudomonas putida
Under what circumstances does Batesian mimicry evolve?
Which strand of a gene specifies a protein?
Why haven't prey evolved the ability to always outrun their predators?
Does sweat contain DNA information?
What further research can the result of gene variation detection be used for
In flowering plants food is transported in which form?
Methods for varying insert size in E. coli clones
Barcode exchange between neighbouring cells
Why aren't we immune to the "cold"
I see various exposure limits for carbon monoxide, but what about one breath?
What animal produces male gametes by mitosis?
Can photosynthesis take place if the plant is kept in ice cold water or not?
Why upper surface of leaves is more green and shiny than the lower one?
Are there differing organelle to cytoplasm ratio in animal cells?
Population size and genetic drift - What are the evidences?
Distance to source populations and/or environmental gradients?
Light and Dark Reaction of photosynthesis?
Genes that exist in old Affymetrix platform but not in the newer one
Meaning of arrows in 3D representation of proteins
Find the concentration of free receptors in a solution of 90% free ligand and 10% receptor-ligand complex, knowing only the value of kD
Why does meiotic recombination disrupt the independent assortment of genes on the same chromosome?
What are anagenesis and cladogenesis?
How can two individuals of the same species have different chromosome numbers?
Evolution to store limited Fat
Why don't protons diffuse out of the mitochondria during chemiosmosis?
Why doesn't the rest of the body have something like the "blood-brain" barrier to protect itself from pathogens?
Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium generalized to add inbreeding (non-random mating)
Identity By Descent vs Identity By State
How do biologists quantify "gene expression" in experiments?
How fast the human eye can [temporarily] change its color?
Does the order of amino acids matter in making up a protein?
How to read cladograms/phylograms?
Blood antigens and immune response
Enzyme kinetics: recommended literature to grasp the concepts better
What are chiasmata?
Electron Transport Chain in Mitochondria
Why is statistical mechanics relevant to RNA and protein folding?
Are there evolutionary advantages for the bee sting to kill the bee?
Does evolution head to some optimum?
Do all prokaryotes have ATP synthases and an electron transport chain?
Does mechanotransduction of cells play a role in the biocompatibility of titanium?
Where to go next with clustered C elegans neuronal time series
What is the closest possible analogue to human cells?
Would it be possible to eat things from another planet
Is there a formal definition of `nature` in Biology?
What is wrong with this flower?
Is it possible to feel pain in some part of a body, but the pain "feeling" is introduced somewhere else?
How two genomes adopt when cell goes to recipient's body from donor's body?
How genetically similar are worker ants from the same colony?
Breeding Southern Right Whales Genetics
Does the use of RNA as a primer affect the accuracy of DNA replication in E.coli?
Which of these versions of allopatric speciation is correct?
Role of Intermediate Filaments in cell - cell signalling
Is it possible and how could it possible for plant to survive in naked space
Cellulose Branching
How is excess semen removed if ejaculation does not occur?
What is A in IgA?
Has Staphylococcus aureus ever been used against cancer?
Deducing amino acid sequence from a DNA sequence
Why I cannot find dendritic cells in blood smear?
Why do many people seem to prefer unhealthy compared to healthy foods?
Voltage sensitive dyes technique: What is the underlying measure?
How big advantage had a trait have to bring to evolve in the human evolution?
What happens to the brain during sleep versus unconsciousness?
What information do bipolar cells encode?
True or False: Dideoxynucleotide sequence analysis Question
What is the most stable globular protein?
Spatial dimensions for an animal
Random Mutagenesis vs Directed Evolution as Strategies to boost expression
Why is DNA Shuffling more efficient than Point Mutation?
Why cold water results in cough
What is the reason for 'microcytic' anaemia?
What makes something food?
B-cell antibody production
Is "A" inhibiting "B" and vice-versa, a positive feedback loop?
What happens to the human brain when unconscious?
Effective population size of a metapopulation structured on a grid
Why does pETDuet-1 only have one T7 terminator but two T7 promoters?
What is the highest number of genes expressed under one T7 promoter?
Why use RRBS (reduced representation bisulfite sequencing) instead of general BiSeq?
How is bilateral asymmetry determined in embryonic development?
A state model of sodium channels
Do transcripts always start and end with exons?
What is a regulable promoter? And how does one regulate it?
Does drinking alcohol having UTI may help to kill the bacteria?
How do prions transmit their conformation to other proteins?
What is the frequency distribution of each base in a DNA sequence?
Taxonomic clasification of BLAST output
What did cyanobacteria gain from photosynthesis?
CRISPR/Cas for editing the human genome
Which mammals cannot synthesize taurine?
Abdominal muscles during inspiration/inhalation
Are there well studied examples of ERAD-mediated membrane insertion, especially from viruses?
How does the introduction of clones would affect population genetics?
What's the exact meaning of and how to derive the coefficient of the path from sire to offspring?
Why are considered to be exceptions to the cell theory?
Could potatoes that have been refrigerated for 142 days still sprout?
How important is dead wood to the ecology of a forest and how much dead wood should remain?
T7 vs pBAD promoter strength
Can plant roots absorb dissolved oxygen from water, or do they require actual bubbles in the water?
Why don't membrane proteins move?
Why can't proteins make copies of themselves?
Is DNA of all animals made of the A,T,C,G blocks?
What makes DNA sequences most different/recognizable from a biological perspective?
Programs/software to graph biological data
Do antagonist-receptor complexes get absorbed into the cell?
Where does female ejaculate actually originate from?
Guide to learning about Population biology / ecology / dynamics for a non-Biologist
Effect of increasing Extracellular Na+ Concentration on resting voltage and likelihood of an action potential of occuring
Is there nothing such as NADPH2?
Diabetes Mellitus and renal failure?
peritoneal dialysis Vs Hemodialysis?
Is there a difference between "Alpha Helix" and "Alpha subunit"?
Why would lethal genes evolve?
What is meant by "Expression" of Non-Coding RNA?
What is a "homologous pair" of chromosomes in cross joining or cross over?
If your atlas is out of alignment, will the rest of your spine be out as well?
Can you replace glucose with glycerol in cell media?
Genetic mutations and new alleles
iPSC in drug discovery
TRANSFAC Matrix.dat retrieve count matrix using BA or CC field
What kind of fish are these?
Can sleep be replaced by chemical supliments?
At which voltage will the conductance decrease due to the narrow pore in a voltage-gated potassium channel?
What is a rough estimate of CO₂ saturation for high-yield or high growth rate plants?
Enzyme Inhibition in relation to Aspirin
What is the role of TATA box in transcriptional regulation?
Assuming if height was fully determined genetically, what would be the concordance between monozygotic pairs?
Optimum gibson assembly overlap length
Which are the last cells of the human body to die?
What is the name of this beautiful white trees?
What's the proper term for "brain waves" read from an EEG?
Separation of smaller DNA fragments and larger fragments without using gel electrophoresis?
Large black caterpillar, cocoon, moth - Los Angeles
What is a "noninvasive" biomarker for a disease?
Why do some men have patchy beards?
What is the Cordil that Edward Topsell describes?
What will happen to a neuron if I suddenly remove the pump but not the leaky Na+ and K+ channels?
How does the brain immediately know when one's thirst has been quenched?
Respiration of an animal cell media
A question regarding trichomes in plants
What is the most up-to-date CRISPR/Cas9 protocol?
Are there genes in sex chromosomes that determine facial features?
Does reproduction cause aging ? Is aging just a strategy to increase reproductive success in all organisms?
Is there a term for when a detrimental gene can be positively selected for because of linkage to a very fit gene?
Is metastatic cancer always lethal if uncured?
Do we know a complete list of nutrients that humans must ingest to live?
Pressure produced by blowing with mouth
Did the Great Oxygenation Event also cause a mass extinction?
Can you suggest me some books/articles about how female birds indicate receptivity to copulation?
Are ribosomes assembled in rough ER and Golgi body, or in the nucleolus?
Are there any (chemical) processes occuring inside a seed while it's in a dormant state?
Geographical distribution of malaria and tuberculosis
T cell sensitivity and persistence to specific bacterial proteins
Exponential growth equation and bacteria
Why is chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) most common leukemia in the West but so rare in Asia?
Serological assays measuring antibody response
Moth with silver marking on wings
Does the edge effect promote biodiversity?
How many rounds of TCA Cycle would a complete oxidation of a triacyl(15-Carbon fatty acid)-glycerol, give?
Cell division - meiosis
Why do people tend to stand on one leg?
Why human hair is losing its color over time?
Extinction of non-mammal Synapsida
What is the most appropriate way to normalize gene expression data?
Do different emotions produce different tears?
How does the brain know what to remember and what not?
Do bacteria grow on pure dry glucose?
Does CoA always bind to organic molecules through a thiol bond?
Which ingested allergens can be transferred to a partner via bodily fluids?
Are there specific non-protein substances that pathogens release into their host?
Can all elements be found in our body?
Plasmolysis vs Flaccidity in cells
Opening and Closing of stomata
What is the difference between a predator and a parasite?
Moss Transportation System
miRNA_ID to GENE_SYMBOL conversion
why is the cleavage in frogs holoblastic and not meroblastic?
Effect of HIV on T-cells
What's the name of this insect?
Has anyone done a GCTA of leg length?
What is the effect of TSH on the calcitonin?
What is the difference between a Human Being, Homo Sapiens and a Neanderthal?
A 10mm long creature in the California dust
Why are sarcomas rare compared to carcinomas?
Why do emperor penguins breed during the antarctic winter?
What do arranging and assigning mean in sequence annotation?
Relationship between genetic diversity within and between species
Why is aconitase classified as a lyase?
What is this crawling next to my house?
EC number classification of synthase?
Does depolymerisation take place at the minus end of microtubule?
Does Cas9 require a nuclear localization signal (NLS) for it to work in a Eukaryote?
Amino acids in human cancer cells expose dextrorotation?
How would cloning affect conservation of rare species?
Why must DNA be packed into chromosomes during mitotic phase?
Estimated protein size using CDs data
Is it possible to remove one strand of double stranded DNA in vivo?
Difference between null and recessive allele?
Why do some macaques have redder faces than others?
Does any specific property decide which DNA strand acts as leading strand template?
Is there any clear relationship between physical characteristics and patterns in the genome?
What exactly is the time constant of an ion channel gating?
How to interpret Percent identity matrix created by Clustal Omega?
Best method to cure cancer as of now?
How do I know whether or not a nuclear gene is single copy?
Why don't bacterial cell walls prevent bursting when attacked by the complement?
Determination of genes to be modified in epigenetics
Photosynthetic Absorption Spectrum - Pigment vs. Absorption Spectrum
How do mosquitoes orientate in the darkness?
Recessive is Dominant to Dominant?
Species Identification - small insect
What are the characteristics of a living organism?
Isolating the gene of interest for protein production
How do harsh conditions cause an increase in the male birth ratio?
What actually happens to the human body during fasting/starvation?
How do I tell if the mosquitos in my New York City apartment can carry Zika?
How does a higher channel density increase speed of propagation of an Action Potential?
Can you identify this animal?
why selecting cells after gene editing with CRISPR Cas9?
Why do people cut back on kilo-calories?
What is the difference between the neural tube and the dorsal ventral cord?
Why would worker bias sex-ratio toward workers?
Any idea what this red plant is?
Can ncRNA convert to coding RNA/mRNA by mutations?
What is a "monomeric polypeptide"?
How can you develop a bacterial infection when taking antibiotics for another area of the body with a bacterial infection?
What is this little white creature?
Are plants really oxygen neutral?
How long could Earth's oxygen supply last if no new oxygen were produced?
How much do urban pigeons move around cities?
Evolution & Celluar Chemistry
What is this animal?
Are immunosuppressors necessary after a bone marrow transplant for Bubble Boy Syndrome?
Measuring, using and analyzing skin resistance in kohms
Why are sponges sometimes not considered multicellular?
Why does cold kill humans but not bacteria?
Loooking for dataset of proteotypic and non-proteotypic peptide
Mendelian genetics - How can we infer the number of genes in play in this scenario?
What does it mean for muscles origins and insertions to be the other way around in the right than left limb?
Thyroid hormone metabolism and excretion
From an information perspective, are both strands of DNA necessary?
Why do mutations in Drosophila dsx (double sex) affect both males and females?
How does an octopus eye react in free fall?
How to estimate heritability from breeding data
What is this wood-infesting insect?
How do chromosome pairs get "paired up" for protein synthesis?
Is Einstein's mass energy equivalence ($E=mc^2$) relevant to biological systems?
How can plants be grown in hydroponics, and yet not handle too much water in soil?
What is the substrate for glycogenesis?
Material recommendation: molecular biology for mathematicians and computer scientists
What is this white stuff inside apples?
where can I find a full list of examples of data types in biology?
Glucose Oxidase, Condition to be Active?
Ant trail behaviour
Estimating RNA concentration from Specific Activity of Labeled RNA
What negative effects does cannabalism have in other species (like prion diseases) and how are they mitigated?
Why wrap a dolphin in wet towels?
Proteins in water vs proteins in crystal
Banana cultivar identification
Genetics - Ancestry DNA relationships
Can anyone identify this bug/insect?
What model of epistasis best fit the reality?
Do blind birds bob their head when they walk?
Which biological kingdom comprises the greatest biomass on Earth?
How does the muscle return to its resting state after muscle contraction?
How does epigenetics affect the birth conditions via alcohol?
How can birds disperse seeds when they are able to digest them?
Does the cell have a mechanism to determine DNA sequence from protein?
autosomal recessive population numbers
mVenus fluorecent protein, life time? luminosity?
When do 3 germ layers form in embryo? And why is there only one mature egg formed?
Is saturation of olfactory cells able to create a feeling of another odour when it stops?
Is it possible to make a contagious cure to a virus?
What's the name of this bug?
What were the camels' humps good for back in the polar areas?
Is there selection against long proteins and long genes?
Why are treatment periods with antibiotics longer than 1-2 days?
Simple computational biology project for AP Biology class. Ideas?
Cell cycle-regulated genes and mRNA
My BRIG run is suspiciously quick. What is a typical length of time for a run?
Is the "freeze response" really a remain of our reptilian past?
Standard notation for dominant and recessive allele
Do trees have genes for stopping growth?
After hysterectomy does FSH secretion stop?
What are the binding sites (or receptors) of cortisol?
Why would a mother reject her offspring if it has been "interfered" with by humans?
Extraction of arthropod embedded in animal tissue
Why is flash light harmful to what aquatic life forms?
Given the number of individuals who have a recessive disorder, how can one calculate the probability that the disorder was inherited?
Species Identification: Snake, New Mexico
When was the first exception to Mendelian genetics discovered?
Do two compatible tRNA codons bond together?
Mechanism by which water flows through xylem
What would kill you first water or cola?
What is the relationship between stroke volume of blood and ventricular end-diastolic volume?
Nomenclature for mutations at specific nucleotide positions
FitzHugh–Nagumo system with diffusion
Mangroves and desalination of sea water
Effect of ethanol and detergent on cell membranes problem
How do T-cells determine which cells they've already inspected?
What is the name of this about 5cm high, grey, Beanie shaped fungus?
Can magnetoreception occur in humans?
What is the name of this plant with small, 5-leaved divided pink blooms?
Fate of Acetyl CoA in well fed state?
Statistical genetics: Allele frequencies that follow a Dirichlet distribution
How does a protein reach its substrate within the cell?
What are Codominant vs Dominant Genetic Markers?
When is gene density an important parameter in experiments?
What are the significances of chromosome mapping?
Physical activity in fasted state: Glucose for brain vs muscles
What is the name of this green plant with thin leaves?
do game animals have poor eyesight?
Is it possible to transfer acquired hemophilia with breast milk?
Are all quadrupeds edible?
Why are both glucagon and cortisol released in hypoglycemia?
Why do pink rain lilies flower only after rains, and not from being watered?
Insulin and leptin action on Anorexigenic Neurons in Hypothalamus?
Variant VCF: AD vs DP?
Coordinates of amino acids in a protein sequence
Why is tRNA called an adaptor molecule?
Storage of energy in muscles vs fat depos
What is the difference between "genetic" and "hereditary"?
How to get rid of mosquitoes in a small lake
Multiple start and stop codons in mRNA and pre-mRNA
Can defibrillation be done with a car battery?
Have people in Africa already started evolving resistance to AIDS?
What are Some Classical Examples of Local Adaptation?
How can alcohol cause blindness?
Biological meaning of Lotka-Volterra Jacobian matrices
Please identify bird call / animal call
3 flaws of genes from the perspective of a programmer
What kind of detergent should I use in cell culture laboratory for cleaning purposes?
What kind of kale is this?
Which animal that lives in the forest makes this noise?
When is Pheophytin used in electron transfer to the q cycle in plants?
Is there a difference in how Gas is produced which determines if it becomes a burp or flatulence?
How to find PDB id of an amino acid sequence
Darwin's first sketch of a phylogenetic tree
How do organoarsenics improve digestion efficiency in poultry?
Can a single strand of mRNA form different polypeptide chains?
What are the theoretical and actual (measured) minimum water potentials in plants?
Indoor plants acidic soil
Techniques for detecting phosphorylation sites in proteins?
Mutating a protein without mutating the gene?
Effect of interruption of photoperiod in a short day plant
Effective Mycoplasma Elimination from Primary Human Cultures
Rifle Bullets and Lead Exposure
How do we find antibiotics?
What would happen if nerves didn't have refractory period?
Term of the type xxx-troph for a compound not used by an organism
Links between Genetics and Personality Types
What are sex linked traits?
Are there any primary structure sequences that strongly suggest b-sheet or alpha helix?
distribution of some injected materials/medicines through blood vessels
What are silent carrier traits?
How does mutualism arise?
Is evolution a predictive theory?
How to isolate two plasmids from E. Coli strand?
Current state of Gene Therapy
What are tail currents?
Can we modify plasmids to eliminate antibiotic resistance?
Fine permanent fluorescent marker for blue light
Mesoderm vs Mesenchyme- what's the difference?
The Perplexing Trilobite: What is the Evidence Supporting The Hypothesis That They are Not Crustaceans?
If crocodiles are k-selected, why do they supposedly "not age," as in avoid senescence?
Species Identification: Waterborne larvae, Texas USA
Where do plants obtain the metal ions needed for biological processes?
Lifetime of secondary messengers such as Calcium or IP3
short-day facultative plant, abrupt change to photo period
What is the exact percentage of spectral changes that human pinnae introduces into the acoustic input signal?
What is the genetic difference between two cone branches?
Minimal viable EEG equipment for dissertation research on BCI / BMI
Resting stage of primary oocytes
How is a T lymphocyte specific to an antigen but not specific to an epitope?
What drives male fish to spray their milt?
How does an increase in CO2 concentration affect Photosynthesis and Transpiration
How to retrieve logical expression (KO based) for reactions from KEGG?
Without plant breeding and domestication, would most of the foods consumed by humans evolve to become inedible?
Is cell wall and cytoplasm an organelle?
Microscopy of moving white blood cells
How do cancers eventually lead to death / other debilitating symptoms?
Living on pure glycogen?
Why does my eyes see a red spot when over exposed to light?
Could random male-only-offspring mutation wipe out a species?
Is it comfirmed that Alzheimer's is a diabetes of the brain?
Doubt in a multiple choice question involving cell organelles
Photosynthesis and its subtopics
experimental procedure regarding AceCS1 overexpression
Why does BLAST reduce word size for short proteins?
Why do some drugs require you to take them in an "upright position"?
Hamilton's Rule in practice
Why would you mix polymerases in PCR?
Can a protein kinase phosphorylate both a threonine and tyrosine residue?
Why do we take antibiotics if our immune system already produces them?
Do people even notice when insects other than butterflies and beetles go extinct?
How to restrict a BLAST search to include only a few protein sequences?
How is histamine useful against allergies?
Distribution of Exon and Intron Sizes
Can a human being live without any carbohydrates?
Is it necessary to remove a bullet from the body?
Ecological specialization and relative abundance
I saw these patterns on a hill. Which insect makes such a pattern?
How are the dominance and additive effects reflected in the mean and variance of the offsprings of two individuals with known phenotype?
Explain a transpiration graph
To what extent is the genetic code more than just a code?
Book recomendation: cell cycle regulation
How does the peptidoglycan layer of a bacterial cell wall help prevent osmotic lysis?
Why do blue jays eat my cat food?
Do I have to chew for digestion to kick in?
Dnase data for GRCh38
Why are the human knees and elbows bent in an opposite direction
How would one determine whether a chemical will upregulate a certain class of proteins?
Stem cell research and female egg synthesis
Why should phospholipid non-polar tails be "protected" in the membrane bilayer?
Where exactly is pleasure
Does SIV cause AIDS in primates... If not why
For a recombinant pUC19 plasmid with cut sites at Hind III and EcoO109i, does lactose need to be present for the gene of interest to be expressed?
Nerve endings on the skin
marine animal tracking databases
"Most bacteria have at least one cell wall"
Does RNA-LPX expression of antigen by DC induce only T-cell with that antigen specificity?
What is the difference between natural selection and adaptation?
Parafilm vs Foil for Retaining Plate Moisture while Allowing Gas Exchange
What fruits will naturally ferment?
How do normal cell division chance into a tumor forming cell division?
difference between motifs, domains, patterns, signatures and profiles
Number of Chromatids in G1
What's the correct name for the war of sexes in evolution?
Using only one antibody to detect COX-2 enzyme
Can I tell my antioxidants intake based on nutrition facts labels?
Output of clustalo on (1.2.1) on ubuntu 14.04
Why is oxygen and CO2 measured in pressure instead of mmoles/L like other ions?
Do cortical cells in root have higher water potential than endodermal cell solution?Or is it the other way round?
H is the set of all possible Diplotypes that are consistent with genotype data
Species Identification: Bulbous root on plant, Southern California, USA
Hybrid vs introgression zone in natural populations
How do traits with no negative effects get "weeded out" via evolution?
How is oxytocin produced?
Species Identification: Small white maggot/larvae, Missouri USA
Species Identification: large shiny black beetle, Detroit USA
How do cells age and die if they are dividing into new cells?
Using exogenous genes to reduce the set of essential amino acids?
Species Identification: Red velvety insect, India
Why are vaccines for polio taken orally while vaccines for TB need to be injected?
Electron balance for biomass synthesis: is my professor right?
Why do people remove excess solution after they put on a coverslip?
Which diagram correctly describe an effect of tar entering lungs?
How many cell membranes are oxygen and carbon dioxide diffuse through in the lungs?
How would one determine if an up regulation of one protein leads to an over expression of another?
Do all +ssRNA viruses have similar structures and life cycles?
Since RNA viruses and retroviruses all have high mutation rates, why do only a few viruses have the virtue of variability?
What really is color and how do we perceive it?
Does common X-like picture represent one doubled chromosome or two homologous chromosomes?
From 46 human chromosomes, is each one from a single parent?
What is the rationale behind IgM being the default antibody?
How does RCSB determine the origin of the Cartesian coordinate system utilized in all PDB files
What is the mass of an E.coli cell?
What is the another use of de Bruijn graphs in bioinformatics except DNA assembly?
What does a climax community lead to?
Quantity of toxin release by pathogen in host
What is the difference of function between palisade and spongy layers of leaf?
What is the evidence that mammals are unable to process excess sodium chloride?
Can animals also get Down syndrome?
Why do horses recycle their endometrial lining while humans don't?
Are heterozygotes always fitter than homozygotes? Can inbreeding be beneficial?
Has a restriction enzyme ever been tagged?
Relationship between lifespan and reproductive age?
Validity of measurements of respiration in isolated mitochondria
how to quantify toxicity
Why does the wavelength in curly hair differ?
Species Identification: Coniferous tree, Italy
Is there a biological explanation for perceived deeper cognition whilst on cannabis?
What can saliva tell about ones health?
Does denaturing proteins lead to loss of epitopes?
If targeting a certain daily water intake, do you have to compensate for beverages that promote diuresis?
Bee identification
Are there available fluids that can be used in place of blood to facilitate oxygen and carbon dioxide exchange during major surgery/trauma?
Can we infect with "bad" genes other organisms?
Taking care of Birds: Unwanted species scaring away a less common one from a birdhouse
What is the transcriptome in layman's term?
Identify this smooth-cocoon worm from Southern India
Previously frozen papaya seeds sprouted. How will it affect the plants?
Can a chicken really be hatched outside of the egg?
How does DNA organise a cell's physical position within a body?
Does prokaryotic transcription have activators / enhancer regions involved?
Partial pressure of gases in alveoli
Use of western blotting
Why does azithromycin not affect human mitochondria?
How likely is it that a person's progeny has an inheritable disorder based on this pedigree?
Enzymes and Reversibility of Reactions
The human has 46 double chromosomes or simple chromosomes?
What is an interaction motif with respect to protein sumoylation?
doubt with a multiple choice question
Why don't animals need filtered water?
Why can't we find a broad spectrum antiviral drug to viruses like antibiotics to bacteria?
Why are turtles classified as reptiles and not amphibians?
What types of species can produce genetically identical offspring?
Optical Density conversion to cfu / ml
What's the mechanism for being mentally tired?
Does the formation of water inside the mitochondrial matrix help contribute to the proton gradient during the electron transport chain?
What is the relationship between independent assortment and cross over?
Trying to identify an insect
I found this insect in Utah, USA. What is it?
Humans genetic/phylogenetic "next relative" in central Europe?
Difference between water and tea
Is there more diversity in marine species?
Why do the hormones FSH and LH decrease when the follicle is maturing and does size of follicle change during menstruation phase
A New Antiviral Drug Strategy?
Why does liver wrap around inferior vena cava?
4DGenome or another comprehensive database of chromatin interactions
Would a transparent iris serve its purpose?
Do flowers transpire?
After a bacterial infection is dealt with, do any of that colony of bacteria remain?
Can a color-blind person see color with filter glasses?
Is there an evolutionary advantage associated with migraine?
How valid is the theory of human's chimp-pig origin?
Phase Transitions of Purified Proteins
Do Tumor-Infiltrating T Cells Experience Any Prolonged Effects Due To Hypoxia After They Return To Normoxia?
Age-Dependent STD Infection
What is the effective population size of a simple two deme metapopulation?
Can the respiratory quotient be calculated from a formula or must it be measured directly?
Can a small polypeptide fold over itself and have a tertiary structure?
Why does crippling pain exist?
Insect species identification
What made this black cluster on a leaf?
Binding kinetics of 6xHis-Tag
Has research indicated how much koinophillia preferences are learned vs insinctual
Relationship between DNA strands and mRNA
How allele is related to trait that is more complex than two cases (ex. height)?
Perplexing by the way of estimating the shared or different genes between humans and chimps
Is this modification of Livak's 2-delta delta CT method valid?
Would someone lose some of their traits if they stop using them for some time?
Is there software or a website where I can browse extinct species?
A diagram of a crossover
Why does migration distance depend on log of molecular weight in SDS-PAGE?
Where do transamination and deamination take place?
In vivo delivery of ssDNA
how did the domestic dog evolve and was the role humans played in its evolution justified?
How is the size of a gene defined?
DNA replication in E.coli
What is the meaning of a reported OD600 value?
Is Valerian extract a diuretic or an antidiuretic?
Need Help Identifying this Critter (Insect?)
Why is your taste affected due to sinuses?
How do molecules signal pre synaptic neurons to activate?
How to Determine Sufficient Time for Melanoma Survivor to Be Considered Low Risk?
What´s the origin of junk DNA?
How do heredity and regression to the mean work with respect to intelligence?
optimization of density gradient centrifugation
Energy coupling between two spontaneous reactions?
How are unnatural amino acids modelled using insilico tools?
How does imatinib recognize the constitutively active Abl-BCR even though it binds to the inactive conformation?
What was the precursor of testosterone?
How to calculate apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) with example?
Are antibiotic-resistant bacteria necessarily less virulent than their original strain?
What are extracellular matrix pathways?
Insect making continuous sound in summers
What percentage of a Neanderthal's DNA could be in a Denisovan?
What is the actual storage form of energy in muscles? ATP or Glycogen?
Beta Sheets vs Alpha Helix - Strength
Examples of biological turing machines
Do animals' facial expressions have similar meanings to humans'?
What is this insect found commonly in coastal India?
Hybridization of an Indo-Aryan ethnic group and a Tibeto-Burmese ethnic group
Why Crocodiles don't eat Hippos?
Do disaccharidases require a cofactor or coenzyme to function?
Why is the manchineel tree so poisonous?
How to recognise the type of allele by pedigree analysis diagrams?
Density of Receptors of a mammal
What exactly are genes, DNA and chromosomes. How do they relate to each other and what is their function?
How does 2-mercaptoethanol lead to shift of the band to a higher molecular weight?
ssDNA library amplification
Transfer of electrophoresis bands to MS
How does UV light damage the DNA when the chromosomes are deep inside the cell?
Book recommendation: Modern Synthetic theory
Are the subordinate genes of a repressed operon really "turned off"?
What animals have a blood-brain barrier?
Constantly wiggling moth pupa - will it emerge soon?
Do ants have a "stay away" signal?
Hydrophobic elution times in ionic exchange columns
Why was the study of "Concordance of Monozygotic and Dizygotic twins for traits" designed in this way?
Why is nitrogen isotopic labelling required for protein NMR?
How does stimulus reach neural threshold?
Computing Percent Identity between DNA / Amino Acid Sequence
Amount of variation between a canonical gene sequence in various samples
Why People have skin color between fair and dark?
Why do mints make your mouth feel cold?
Do any terrestrial herbivores use auditory crypsis for predator avoidance?
Correlation of non-coding DNA with coding DNA
How does one apply Bayesian inference to quantify a read the deeper you sequence?
Why is the formation of an enzyme-substrate complex endergonic (induced fit model)?
Why are so many recreational drugs serotonin 5-HT1A partial agonists?
Cancer biology: Can tumors form from cells that are genetically identical to non-cancerous cells?
Ways to monitor enzyme kinetics with very fast time resolution?
"Other" classification for epitopes in the Immune Epitope Database (IEDB)
Can restriction sites be used as PCR primers?
Why aren't there any transitional animals today?
Needleman Algorithm for Optimal Alignment of two Amino Acid Sequences
Can the human body create glucose out of fat?
Is QIAPI 1 a scam?
Is this a firefly?
Japanese Crab Identification?
ExAC Browser: What does a "dubious variant annotation" mean?
Identification of a mammal in cage
How well do Eppendorf cups seal?
Does a plant have to have leaves to produce fruit?
Why is sex pleasure giving activity but not childbirth?
How is the acetone method different from QB buffer for extraction of plant protein?
Amino Acid requirement + intake in relation to diet + meat type
Why does uncompetitive inhibition decrease the Michaelis constant?
Why did we evolve to control our breath?
Can you naturally change your DNA that's passed to your offsprings?
Deletion of codons at the start of a sequence in preparation for heterogeneous expression. Why?
Names for the degrees for symptoms from drought (or other damage) done to trees
How can I perform a 1:1 sequence-structure alignment for a pdb template dimer and homologous dimer sequence?
O-Group names of Salmonella serotypes?
Could a large constrictor kill a small animal?
Why is the Pentose Phosphate Pathway so active in erythrocytes?
Predator prey interaction
Why people have less hair than other primates?
What is the circulation that allows for nutrient absorption and excrete of metabolic wastes in humans?
Forgot to vortex antibody before staining
RNA interference and the former Petunias experiment >
Deducing protein sequence length from gene DNA sequence length
Stopping the Gag Reflex: How and why does it work?
Is there evidence to suggest that sharks from prehistoric times live in the deep of the oceans?
How to put a gene under the control of a regulable promoter?
How does plant life obey the constraint that the change in Gibbs free energy in a reaction must be negative?
Are all genetic instructions in DNA?
What is meant by topographic barrier?
Forgot to cool slides before washing
How to batch convert gene names to protein IDs in Uniprot?
How should "the human genome" be interpreted?
How are constitutive enzymes regulated?
Are different eye colors indicative of chimerism?
Parameters of Variant calling analysis
Name of dominant dinosaur
Identification of a spider from my basement
Can a firefly control its glow?
Fish and microplastic particles
What do the letters 'p' and 'c' mean in mutation descriptions?
Comparative effectiveness of antibiotics against colonies and growing bacteria
How to specify a promoter in de novo gene synthesis service?
What's the highest temperature that algae can survive at?
Relation between biomass and radius of roots system
How long would it take for a change to the DNA would take effect?
why are malarial parasites specific for anopheles
Do blurry images cause eye strain? At what point is an image so blurry the eye stops trying to focus it?
Common Errors For Low R Value in Bradford Assay
Human Demography - Where can I find this statistic?
Why haven't modern grass based crops overrun wild grasses?
Looking for dataset of proteotypic and non-proteotypic peptide
The drawing of genetic crosses
Why didn't Mendel ever see the recombination?
Does A/T, G/C pairing exist in haploid?
Are thunder and lightning necessary for any organisms?
What is the rate of mRNA decay in saccharomyces cerevisiae?
R/Bioconductor query for a gene?
"CO2 is plant food" - What is the actual effect of increased CO2 on plant growth?
Identify this plant from the Netherlands with big white flower
what does 'invoking the ghost of competition past" mean? Why is it important for present research on interspecific competition?
Is there a place or tool from which I can find or generate genome data for epistasis detection?
What causes the tonotopic organization of the inner ear?
Neuron activity on body parts measurable?
Questions about Genetic algorithm paper of Gilman and Ross
Are any species of life now increasing besides humans?
Are there known functions of AST, ALT, and amylase in the blood?
How does the human stomach handle a mix of digested and undigested food?
Do clients of cleaner fish queue up?
Identify tropical flower
Making a hole in a tree is okay? Or does it damages the tree?
Can someone identify this bird? It looks like it has a few deformities
What is the molecule responsible of the yellow color of the Agave americana?
Is there a law that defines an upper bound for the speed of growth of an organism?
When did death due to aging first appear?
calculate elimination rate constant
What type of Gorgonzola cheese fungus/bacteria is this?
Evolution of the common honey bee's stinger
What is a cognate enhancer sequence?
How to feed bacteria out of lab
clades on a tree - biopython
Enzootic vs Epizootic?
How does sodium ion increase blood pressure?
map list of proteins into an already built network
How common is it for environmentally occurring bacillus strain to contain some sort of plasmid?
What's this insect?
What chemicals/substances exist in green capsicum (peppers) that do not exist in red capsicum?
Reason behind using inducible promoter for heterologous expression
what do I need to use for protein protein interaction network
Is there a difference in the energy produced from the hydrolysis of GTP and ATP?
Can a cleaved plasmid "close" without exact matching "sticky ends"?
What is the evolutionary advantage of having pubic hair?
Can anyone identify this dragonfly spotted outside of Boston, MA?
Can RNA be extracted from tissue suspended in formalin?
Are there diseases for which a placebo treatment is state of the art?
Is every protein encoded by just one gene?
Damselfly identification
Do any non-human species have packed abs?
Can ants survive a plane ride?
Why are bald heads so "shiny"?
Calling Alterations in Exome Data
mtDNA sequencing error rates
"Genotype structure"?
How can one measure the effect of a stem cell's matrix on the progeny of that stem cell?
What are chemical candidates for replicator molecule?
In Darwinian evolutionary theory, does the environment has any role?
Allele-specific bisulfite sequencing
Membrane resistance of a neuron
DNA Sequencing Types & Qualities
Why do I drop my pen in a drowsy lecture?
What is the conical mouthpart of a soldier termite and what does it do?
When was it discovered XY chromosomes decide the sex of a child in humans?
Can salt-water frogs survive in normal water (A well)?
Do male humans have a mons pubis?
How well can proteins discriminate between ATP and GTP? Can ATP act as a GTP mimetic?
How to assess if biological measurements follow a normal or a log-normal distribution
Could we restore some animal's muscle structure by it's bone?
Passing on Alleles
Enzyme Activity under High Pressure
How did life survive in the Snowball Earth theory?
How do you obtain specific mRNA transcript levels for comparison from a Hi-Seq dataset?
Does having to urinate imply that you are becoming dehydrated?
Why are the positions of simple sequence repeats at the gene and related transcript sequences different?
What Species of Duck/Waterfowl is this
How to define a 'trait' objectively?
Optimal pH of protein buffer? Basic principles to adjust buffers according method and analysis
How do marine mammals and penguins maintain bone density?
Can it be said that proteins determine phenotypic traits?
How do afferent mechanoreceptors work on the finger pads?
Sensory neurons, interneurons and motor neurons - recognizing the type of neuron at microscopy images
Are all prokaryotic promotor regions the same, or do they differ depending on the product of the transcript?
Is brachydactyly due to mutation?
Found an unknown species, whom should I contact?
How many Amperes to kill fruit flies and mosquitoes?
What does completing the course of antibiotics accomplish?
PBST vs. TBST buffer in western blotting
Natural rulers: What organisms have the most regular size?
Does my brain have limited learning capacity or memory?
"X" in stock solutions
How many co-expressed genes would be expected in a tissue?
Accommodation mechanism.
What is the cause of the packaging capacity limit of recombinant adeno-associated viral (AAV) vectors?
How does gene editing in one cell affect other cells?
Is DNA sequencing coverage a function of sample purity?
Reason for variation in the site of onset of edema
Identification of a Lepidopteran
BLAST with minimum E-value cutoff
How Much DNA do Siblings whose Parents are First Cousins Share?
How long can an infant human hold his/her breath as part of the "dive reflex"?
Is this in vivo or ex vivo?
Why cancer disease is named after sun signs ?
Does an increased reproduction/mortality rate provide an evolutionary advantage?
Is it safe to feed an adult fire salamander with slime maggots?
Why is the protein ubiquitin so ubiquitous?
What legal possibilities exist to get access to articles behind paywalls?
Does class switching occur both in B cells and Plasma cells?
Is it possible to have a random un-mutation of genes?
Is every evolutionary change an improvement?
What is heteroduplex?
How do drugs enter synapses?
Can you knockout a gene specifically in the dorsal root ganglion in adult mammals?
Tree ID request
Link between hypoglycemic events in Type 1 diabetics and clinical anxiety?
Can pathogens enter the bloodstream if the epidermis has been scraped off?
Does increased calorie intake cause increase in libido in humans?
How is a synapse held in place?
Are fish averse to extreme heat?
Why does female's age of puberty inform on mating system?
Does tRNA contain parts with double-helix structure?
Is the amount of the soil reduced when plants grow?
How to find suitable qRTPCR reference gene for a inflammatory response experiment?
What is the formula to establish ec50 reproducibility with respect to dose response curves for some drug?
Scaling down amount of DNA for transfection: what factor to consider?
Query individuals with both WGS and RNA-Seq data
Are a bonsai tree and its normal version the same species?
Dopamine receptor count: Role and Measurement
Fabric melting spider juice
Adaptation by standing genetic variation and fitness variance
How do you call the species that gives its name to a upper-level clade?
Why doesn't Poison Ivy cause a reaction under one's fingernails?
Assume the gene for freckles is dominant. A woman with freckles has a son that does not. What would have to be the genotype of the mother?
Breathing's Role in Aerobic Respiration
Is there a certain environment where all cellular functions (or at least some) increase their rate?
Where should I go for online information on animals endemic specifically in Mozambique?
Confusion over equations for population's heterozygosity vs. heterozygous individuals
Can plants grow without photosynthesis?
What is the name of the bird which feeds on penguin blood and meat in Tristan island?
How to prevent a old promoter region from attaching onto a plasmid instead of a new one during ligation?
What constitutes as the death of a bacteria?
Good microscope?
What are the exceptions to Mendel's laws?
What does "cell type composition" mean?
What is the acceleration profile of a cheetah?
How do I effectively visualize data showing change in a lot of samples over two time periods?
What is the acceleration profile of the greyhound?
What is the name of the groove down the middle of an anther?
How can I measure the curvature of bird's beak on the field?
Codon tables and the wobble hypothesis
Robertsonian translocation on the same chromosome
Catalytic Triad of Serine Proteases
Strategy for tree and shrub identification
Crossing over : Holliday model
RNA processing in eukaryotes
How is signalling disturbed in trophoblastic cancer cells?
Product of reaction between HCl and bile
How did scientists establish the reactions that occur in metabolism?
Martian Abiogenesis?
Symmetry in animals
anabolism in plants
If the liver can regenerate why can alcohol abuse permanently damage it?
Why does human chromosome 19 have the second highest number of protein-coding genes?
Is a single cell "irreducibly complex"?
Were Neandertals as Hairy as We Are?
What happened to the gypsy moth epidemics in the Northeast US?
Co-dependency between carbohydrates, fats and protein in the mammalian diet?
Is blunt end repair and A-tailing necessary when adaptors can be custom made?
What is the percentage of true bugs compared to all animal species on the plant?
How do neurons find each other?
What is DNA-cellulose chromatography?
Optimum pH of Catalase
How do centrioles auto-locate to opposite sides of cell during mitosis?
Can cell division be stopped during prophase?
What factors make a sequence evolve non-randomly?
Wouldn't it be more efficient to let the kidneys flow into the intestines?
Are these spider eggs?
What constitutes FDA's First in Class designation for New Molecular Entities?
How diverse are species in remote, isolated areas on Earth?
How to use Transect-based sampling to select sample trees
Viruses affecting transmission capability of mosquitoes
How do red blood cells survive without a nucleus?
Quantifying the number of fragments from RAD library
Kinetics and de novo protein prediction
Why do we have wrinkly fingers after swimming?
why do overweight individuals sweat more than ordinary people?
Role of the Hypothalmus in the control of Blood Sugar
Mitochodria's Role For Neuron Regrowth
Contradiction to evolution
What is this - nest, eggs, fungus?
A and AB blood types from B and O?
Validation by PCR of a lowly expressed gene in microarray
Is there a naturally occurring mechanism in the body for cleaning plaque buildup in arteries?
Rules of motif forming
Can dead scorpions still sting?
Scoring matrices (BLOSUM & PAM) in BLAST and other sequence-comparison programs
Full Sequence for Plasmid pMG101
Kinases that are ATP-sensitive at physiological conditions?
How does mad cow disease evade immune system?
Plant cell question in age 12 science test
What are "+" and "Ar" in consensus binding sequence of amino acids?
Plant cell question in age 12 science test Part II
The mechanism of cancer metastasis
Why our bees might have suddenly disappeared
How are some people able to continue growing after reaching maturity?
Which magnoliophyta groups are NOT pollinated by bees and why?
Can anyone tell what kind of berry/currant this is?
Why does dehydration lead to low blood pressure
If we add only 1 primer in PCR
Can human be emotionless?
What wasp like insect breeds in clay pots with dead spiders?
Essential amino acids
Difference between pipette and pipettor
Can 3% hydrogen peroxide be used as effective disinfectant and antiseptic?
Why do people sing?
What might this animal be?
How do the chemical components of these spices prevent fungal growth?
Venom Denaturing with Heat
How specific are CRISPR-cas9 cuts?
What is the best way to analyze non-quantitative mass spec hits from an immunoprecipitation pull down?
Why does the cloned cat, CC, exhibit mosaic fur color?
Identification of an insect from Florida
Name of this flower?
Haploview command line: how to get tagSNP
Selectivity of anti-bacterial affect of oxygen
What is this tiny insect?
How does having an empty stomach affect absorption of compounds?
Do users of CRISPR/Cas iterate or parallelize to try multiple guide sequences?
Is this some sort of fungus?
Do the pH and other ions affect the hydrolysis of ATP
How do antibiotics combined with a non-Western diet affect weight loss?
ID flying insect found in Belgium
Mutations, Death and the theory of Evolution
Why aren't all animals cold blooded?
What is this wasp killing insect?
How do poikilotherms thrive in a wide range of core temperatures?
Does protein structure depend on phylogeny?
Human Blood vessels,
How do we know that our genetic similarities to other species is actually due to common ancestry?
Real-world examples of Darwinian extinction
Why my proteins are migrating like this on SDS-page?
What reason that land vertebrate evolve keratin while other animal use chitin
house keeping gene variation under treatment
Finding diploid neanderthal alignment data, looking for ambiguity codes
Do experiences shape actions of insects? Animals?
Is our genetic evolution driven by what we catch?
Does xylitol kill all kinds of bacteria?
Crick’s Central Dogma — Counter Cases
A creature from Mediterranean
How can evolution make such complicated beings?
What would the presence of a hub metabolite in a metabolic pathway signify?
This Sequence Data (DNA) has very few Methionin-starts. How is that possible?
How did the cardiovascular system evolve?
What is the source of the electrons generated in the Krebs cycle?
Would short term increases in oxygen lead to beneficial effects?
What spider is this? Is it dangerous to humans?
Genome and Proteome
Blocking buffer for actin and fetuin-b in western blot
Are wasps attracted to a sting
Why do we need to replicate incomplete DNA fragments by PCR from a crime scene?
Reconstituting genomes of archaic tribes of humans
Are there proteins with multiple motifs?
Does sodium lower the harmful effect of potassium on kidneys?
Interspecies competition and pathogen
Rate of production of enzymes in human
Method of figuring out how much of a certain mRNA is present in a bacterium
Why and where do red blood cells die?
Evolution of complex organs
Do our blood vessels exude chemicals?
Molecular Logic GATE
Are there dichotomous keys for identifying medical conditions?
What does the phrase 'background level' mean?
When does the first "random mutation" of DNA (have to) occur?
(Bioinformatics) Protein-Protein Software Prediction
Can a zombie apocalypse really occur?
Outbreeding depression in humans
How does TYRP1 affect the synthesis of black and brown eumelanin (on a biochemical level)?
What decides between the synthesis of eumelanin and pheomelanin on a biochemical level?
Is induction and derepression the same thing?
What Type of Mushroom is this?
Computer Virus that infects DNA?
Identification of an insect (?)
Why bananas accumulate a radioactive isotope of potassium (K40)?
What are the consequences of drinking water with food?
Drug and antibiotic resistance in organism
Is Melanin a PCR Inhibitor?
Alignment of sequenced fragments in Next Generation sequencing (sequence assembly)
Retrieve all predicted cds from NCBI
How to confirm pure-breeding parents
Does Human being have potential to perform parthenogenesis?
In terms of differentiation, how many generations of asexual reproduction, will usually be equal to 1 of sexual?
What made *silphium* difficult to domesticate?
Length of anopheles chromosomes?
Why is black eumelanin black even though it consists of black AND brown molecules?
How to get the average number of pairwise differences among populations?
Did the Hela cells leave John Hopkins
Why we need an egg cell donor and a surrogate mother in an organism cloning process?
How does a spider's legs not get caught in silk when wrapping prey?
Is it okay to scale the RNA-Seq counts after log-transformation?
What does curated gene mean?
Interchromosomic vs Intrachromosomic Recombinations
C to T Transition Mechanism
Pitch perception
Learn Bioconductor the hard way!
Do other young mammals turn their backs to their parent when upset?
E. coli bioreactor or E. coli fermenter?
why did capacity of regeneration decreased in evolution?
Why is there a difference in the orientation of my imagined body vs. my physical body?
Kegg in Cytoscape: how to get plots with reaction IDs in place of EC numbers using KeggScape?
Metazoan branching: Placozoa or Porifera?
Do pet animals and humans perceive good and bad smells differently
siRNA designing problem
Use of beta-2 microglobulin staining to assess frozen tissue sample integrity
trp operon repressor
Is "cell proper" considered a biology term / well defined concept?
Using UV to kill bacteria in shoes
What is the meaning of -//- sign?
Natural killers cells in insects/ arthropods
Which predators only eat some parts of their prey? (Warning — graphic content)
How does HPV start?
Prevent clumping of bacteria in my media so that I can measure turbidity?
What is the probability of an XX female or XY male?
What was the first piece of work in computational biology?
Why does ammonium oxalate cause swelling of RBCs?
What type of skull is this?
Some kind of fly, identification
Why does cutaneous respiration need moist skin?
Can bacteria be reservoirs for animal viruses?
A new species of small bird?
Is the CNS vascularized?
Can cancerous cells reach the Hayflick limit?
Can the brain influence gene expression?
What is the role of mesosomes?
What is the mechanism of cytokine release syndrome in CAR T cells?
Is the reason that flies can perceive things faster because their brains are smaller?
Why can't we feel pain when the eye lid touches the eye ball?
At what total rate is water used in metabolic processes over the entire biosphere?
What is "non-immune immunoglobulin"?
What is that insect?
Why do bananas grow curved?
What is meant by clones of B-cells?
Rust on kettle dangerous to consume?
Amount of blunt force to kill a person
Can a miRNA be upregulated and downregulated in the same disease
Do organic veggies contain more pesticides than regular food?
Difference between "wash" and "rinse" in biotechnological procedure descriptions
making antibodies rather than buying them
Why are children and adults so different?
What is this black shelled insect found in Western Arkansas?
Biological basis of the science fiction story "The Dipteroid phenomenon"
In a sarcomere, during contraction, is chemical energy turned into elastic energy and then mechanical energy?
Long-Term EMG studies
What is this insect found in Western Arkansas?
Lampreys and the origin of certain brain structures
Want to identify plant and flower
Why Lungs can't work in water and gills can't work in air?
When a muscle contracts, but not all the muscle fibers are activated, what happens to the remaining muscle fibers?
Can a protein falling below a threshold trigger another response?
Ways to distinguish between purifying selection and selective sweep
Hardy weinberg equilibrium and Wright Fisher model
Is there a link between digestion and nightmares?
Earth overshoot day: is it a sound concept?
Identify hematophagous insect
How did Extracellular electron Transport evolve?
Are myosatellite cells myoblasts or do they differentiate into myoblasts?
How does a bacterium age without cell division?
PCR limits of detection calculate method
Do swarm of the same species attack each other?
What's the best sign language to teach a dolphin?
Plaque rupture flow chart reading
Creating a Phylogenetic tree using DNA sequences
Do RuBisCo and Haemoglobin have any similarity?
Identification of a small to mid-sized, yellow moth species found in India at monsoon season
How to edit/insert new gene after cutting with CRISPR/cas9
Olympic's epidemiological impact on Zika?
Figuring out if populations from two regions share the same Neanderthal haplotypes
Help to identify this large, slow-growing mushroom?
Is scalable growth the main reason why Darwinian systems select Fibonacci sequences?
Formulation of Biomass reaction for metabolic model
How did we get self-aware?
Can we use differential equations for population that is discrete?
Practical utility of genes responsible for the biosynthesis of a useful compound in a plant
Meaning of "Antibody is 50% w/w pure of interfering proteins"
Role of calcium chloride during competent cell preparation
Please help to identify this insect
Pathophysiology of babinski sign in spinal cord injury?
Making sense out of the visual representation of transcription
Glycolysis - ATP production
How to protect my mounted insect specimens from ... insects?
Does some form of self organizing map exist in the brain?
How does residual chlorine in tap water work?
Availability of a database containing the proteins of Vibrio cholerae and their corresponding gene sequences
SRAP marker sequences
Do males ever produce the offspring?
do cancer cells respond to EM fields?
What nutrients are best suited for growing E.Coli
Role of dam methylase in bacteria
Can telomere length maintenance be an answer to increased life span of human beings?
How much Cardiomyocyte Move in Relation to its Neurons?
how does a dna probe work in DNA fingerprinting?
Is casein hydrolysate the same thing as casamino acids?
Comparing the amount of domestic animals and wild animals?
Why is Leptospirosis so difficult to catch?
How much does an experiment on monkeys cost?
epiphyte mats in tropical forests
why thymectomy doesn't lead to humoral immunity deficiency?
Is the technology "identitas v1 forensics chip" related to microarray technology?
Growth of Axons
What is the difficulty with cloning and genetic engineering in humans?
Longevity Experiments
Can neurons divide if somehow centrioles are introduced in nerve cells?
Why do mitochondria waste energy?
Heteroduplex and Products of cleavage of Holliday Junction (Resolution)
What is the use of an antibody that is non-neutralizing?
Animals walking backward?
Wolf or Coyote?
Sources of Mutations
Evidence of condition-dependent sex-allocation in regards to humans
Modeling population growth - Variance
Identify this roadside plant in Montserrat, Spain
Will the climate change help the trees to grow?
What is nastic movement due to growth?
How can there be a one-to-one correspondence between RNA and genes?
What is the gene corresponding to MIR382 RNA molecule?
How did mitochondria make energy long ago?
What are hiccups?
How to introduce predators to a simulated ecosystem?
Which of the response is faster? voice or hand action?
What is the typical amount of full length clones in a cDNA library?
What's the probability of a non-pathogenic strain becoming pathogenic from plasmids transmitted through the air?
Why do we feel sleepy when we wake up
How long is one generation for a mosquito?
After getting fully vaccinated for HBV why does the antiHBs titer last for so long?
Sequencing two strands of dna
Problem in understanding Operon
Can someone identify this tree?
DNA Sequencing and genotyping
Variance of frequency in expanding populations
How much energy is in a human brain's electromagnetic activity?
The most reliable way of identifying deer antler measurements?
What is the attachment after this gene name, following the comma: SULF1,hCG18956?
Diazepam with Aluminum Hydroxide
Why is the "worm" body shape so prevalent in Eumetazoa?
Determine whether aromatics originate from polyketide or shikimate pathway
Does the octopus have an anus? What does it look like?
Estimate of total number of oncogenic mutations
How to tell if/how allele frequencies change (USABO question)
What is this (seed/berry)-like object and where is it coming from?
If a promoter region of a gene is transcribed, can it get methylated?
Did vertebrates diverge from other deuterostomes via neoteny?
Is post-transcriptional regulation of gene expression an epigenetic process?
Derivation of discrete replicator dynamics
Help to recognize spider
Are glands in human made up of muscles?
What is this hummingbird-like insect?
Why do boys sweat more than girls during exercise?
What is the name of this berry producing tree?
What causes drone bees to die?
Which cells release inflammatory mediators?
How do you compare unpaired biological replicates?
What is the difference between the cellular affix -cyte and -blast?
Organisms with one, two, or more than two biological parents
Are viruses technically organisms, or not?
Where can I find clinical trial data published in JAMA?
Can anyone identify this spider?
What's the determinant of the male-biased birth sex ratio in humans?
Do free computer programs exist that can simulate drug permeability in bacterial membranes?
Mystery Plant ID
Do low light levels during development affect the distribution of rods and cones in the retina?
Cannibalizing behaviour in ants
How do sarcomeres coordinate contraction?
Picking up Plasmid DNA using Nanodrop, but not using Electrophoresis
Is Infra Red light safe to use on your scalp?
Wet weight measurements: Setting up cultures for measuring growth rate via wet weight
Why is one phase of a plant dominant (Alternation of generation)?
Is lumen space of a thylakoid completely separate from the intermembrane chloroplast space?
Two sets of chromosome and the sequencing output
How can you stabilize enzymes in pellets made from microcrystalline cellulose?
Alleles always occur on the same locus
Effect of sleep deprivation on pupils and pupillary responses
Biological data source of trees
Relative roles of ATP and NADPH in anabolic and other processes
Why are chromatophore in phaeyophycae chloroplasts integrated within the endoplasmic reticulum?
How to get started in bioinformatics
Is taking a shower unnecessary if good bacteria surround our skin?
Is there any kind of "unintended consequence" in evolutionary systems?
How do (marine) cells not lose potassium?
Can anyone tell me what tree does this leaf belong to?
Is there a word for the assumption that a sufficiently complex and refined organ must be the result of natural selection on a large time scale?
layman inquiry into mechanics of evolution
Merge NCBI and Ensembl data
How to interpret Glimmer scores?
What's the difference between the *types* of tissue dissociation enzymes?
Why do red blood cells maintain Iron in the Haem group in the +2 (ferrous) oxidation state?
How dissimilar are the fingerprints of identical twins?
Origin of enzyme names
How far does your center of mass move from stance to stance?
Is a Linker sequence mandatory in primers for PCR Cloning?
Are the arrows in this diagram of ATP synthase correct?
How does carcinoma enter into blood or lymphatic vessels？
What technique biologists use in order to determine the function of organs?
How much does the Vitamin D3 concentration of the blood of a human change over the course of a day?
Concept and analysis of Pedigree
Why do Proteins store energy when the body already contains Carbohydrates and Lipids?
How many sensory neurons are in the human body?
Sugars which are Carbohydrates and vice-versa?
Can growth rate be used as an indicator of fitness in fish populations?
What kinds of light attract moths best?
Requirement of energy for metabolic processes
Clonality of tumour cells
Principle of 16 S rRNA technique for bacteria identification
Where do I find standard tissue and cell names?
Stem cell and organ growing genitals
Summary statistic that can distinguish between migration from pop2 to pop1 vs. pop1 to pop2
What is the state of actin-myosin in my biceps after I have flexed my arm?
Parasite - host equations
Where do I purchase this Trypsin?
Absorption of digested food in small intestine
How to tell if something is an organ or apparatus?
General anaesthesia and brain cell damage
Difference in variance of Cys in protein sequences
Potential between endolymph/cytoplasm and endolymph/perilymph
How can an enzyme favor even chained fatty acids?
What does "substoichiometric amounts" mean in the context of molecular biology?
Nature of sight/ color perception?
Is the glucose produced from photosynthesis considered an aqueous solution when written as a chemical reaction?
Why are there few four legged bugs?
How to explain the colour of these scots pines?
Why is a screening process required in selection from a genomic DNA library?
Why is it that I can only detect smells if I breathe, and not when I hold my breath?
Which animal species are known not to murder (a targeted attack leading to death) members of their own species?
Why does a broad-leaved evergreen (Mahonia aquifolium) has red leaves?
What's this insect (Oregon, USA)?
Effect of paracetamol or any antipyretic tablets
Why is RAS undruggable?
Evolving a smaller brain
Does apoptosis occur more at a particular time of day?
Boys born in excess - how can the nature draw from non-natural distributions?
How many cells of each cell type are there in C.elegans?
Confusion about the brain regions - temporal cortex, hippocampus and and white matter
Can anyone help identify which insect is this?
What is the difference between endomysium and sarcolemma
Pharmacological inhibition of Ras
What kind of fish is this?
Why can't the mutation for this simple pedigree be X-linked recessive?
Resources to study the cell as a "mechanism"
Is nucleoside-triphosphate delivery to RNA or DNA polymerase active or passive?
Memory capacity of the human brain in bytes?
Stability of DNA double helix conferred by base stacking
Resistance to Antiseptics
How can you band wheat chromosomes using Giemsa dye?
Can hepatitis B also infect vaccinated persons?
Atrial contraction in complete SA block
What species is this large bug? (South India)
When did animals begin to "parent"?
How does the mutualism of figs and wasps exactly work?
Why are tree rings the same if rainfall is different from place to place?
Does capillary blood pressure have any effect on how much oxygen or nutrient gets distributed to tissues?
Does ChEMBL have a specific definition for what they mean with "Max phase for indication"?
Is it possible to identify a particular gene sequence from next gen sequencing techniques (especially RNA-seq )?
Do all fungi dislike acidic environments?
How can one identify an organism from its dissymmetry ratio?
Find Mutations Frequencies by Cancer Type
How does gold chloride stain neuromuscular junctions?
Do animals only breath through one nostril at a time like humans?
Pichia pastoris and ornithine
How fast can our skin recuperate from sunlight?
What is the half-life of dNTPs at 95⁰C?
How does air pass through when we breathe through the mouth?
How is phenol antiseptic?
Myoblasts Formation
How do I identify the different stages of meiosis under microscope?
How does aspirin "thin" blood?
Anatomical Angle Made by the Fingers of an Extended Palm
Why can myopic eyes focus on nearby objects, but not on distant ones?
Is it possible for any impurities to get through the apple peel?
Is this a bedbug or a book lice or what?
What happens when the congenitally blind brain receives visual input?
Is there a maximum limit of connections between a pair of neurons?
Why don't onion root tips show mitotic stages?
Herbivorous plants that consume falling leaves
How can some enzymes work faster than the diffusion rates of the molecules it catalyzes allow?
Bacteriophage lysis in mammalian cells
How do developing neurons become tuned to fire only on receiving specific inputs?
Transport of newly synthesized proteins to cellular organelles
Is it safe to consume foods that are hot enough to scald your skin if you touch it with your hands?
Relation of conformational entropy and protein folding
Difference between dysentery and bloody diarrhea
Do all nerves in the body end at the tongue?
Why do the fastest runners tend to be black?
Continuous EEG: Where does pronounced power peak at 38 Hz come from?
What is the anatomical term for a two jointed leg?
What percentage of human excrement is toxic if ingested?
Is it possible to identify this chrysalis?
Why does rapid decompression make you lose useful conciousness so fast?
Besides fruits and milk, what other things in nature are "intended" to be eaten?
What is delayed compliance in blood vessels?
Thin layers or laminae that make up a single summer band in tree ring, what are they?
Can someone identify this mushroom?
Is it true that pigeons became less afraid of humans in recent years?
Can this system of mutual promoting and repressing proteins be simulated using Gillespie algorithm?
How correlated are the lengths of tendons in different part of a human body?
Correlation between threat and odour, taste
Why is Capsaicin injection not used instead of nerve surgeries for pain?
Are plants actual oxygen factories?
What is recemose inflorescence?
Thermodynamics of spontaneous protein folding: role of enthalpy changes
Mechanics of Peregrine Falcon Dive Pull Up
Which area of neuroscience\biology deals with the effects of genetics and drug discovery based on brain microcircuits?
SNPs in the Human Genome
Common mistakes when sequencing?
miRNA analysis just using BLAST against mirbase.org
What sequences are between adjacent genes?
How can a coldblooded animal make an egg hatch?
What causes this acorn disease?
What is the origin of the name "λ phage"?
Gene expression for mathematicians: where to start?
Correct term for initially neutral mutations that subsequently cannot be reversed
Variation of length of circadian rhythm in humans in absense of time reference
What is this white-winged insect from Hong Kong?
Difference between curated publications and additional publications in nextProt database?
Is there any functional difference between Occipital lobe ( in mammals) and Optic lobe (vertebrates other than mammals)?
Why do fungi and bacteria have macroscopically distinct patterns of colonies?
Is there evidence to suggest that sleeping requires more energy than watching TV?
Why would a snake follow a kayak?
Why do we need two markers to measure a recombination rate?
Insect identification by example
What are different firing rates in different regions in the human brain?
Variation of nutrients in food
Is beauty universal?
How deep does a 0.5mm radius drill need to drill before it start to hurt the brain assuming the drill bit will be pull off without wiggle?
Curious what this bug is
Why are brightly coloured marine animals thought not to display aposematism?
Is there an ideal evolutionary body?
Why are animals afraid of the vet?
Why antipyretics do not bring the body-temperature below normal?
Why not surgically resect the tumor before CAR-T cell therapy? Won't that be more efficient?
Is every decision we make already "pre-programmed" because of DNA?
Why don’t different organisms have nucleic acid genomes containing different bases and sugar?
Method to estimate age of a variant from genotype data
How to convert PDB file of Amino Acids to rotamer tuples list of all AAs instances
Do the mother's genes determine the sons' (heredity) intelligence more than the father's?
Is it one queen bee per hive or per colony?
Could trees be engineered to produce rainfall-nucleators?
Why denatured proteins can't fold back in their native form
How ants handle the huge "data" from multiple pheromone trails?
Is Thyroxine a hormone?
Collecting virgin fruit flies
What do blue cone cells add to visual function?
Larger Ant in trail
Laurus Nobilis parasite identification
Smallest pressure differential that humans can detect
Do organs or any structure in the human body shrink/shorten if it's function is no longer useful?
Why do basil leaves turn black?
Is there any reason an arbitrary DNA sequence such as 5'-ACACACACAC-3' would not exist in nature?
What is a normal healthy amount of Titratable acid in a person's blood?
Identification of a segmented black insect in France
How do legs of tiny insects/spiders like mosquito/Opiliones work?
Identifying whether amino acids are hydrophobic or hydrophillic
Have there been any measurements on the genomic differences between cancer cell DNA and healthy cell DNA?
"Imperviate" is it a word what can be substituted?
Why are different mesenchymal stem cells used for articular, auricular, septal nasal and costal chondrocytes?
Is there variability in genetic combination from the same sperm and egg combination
Which insect is this?
What could I call such nucleic-acid-Sequence? A sort of palindromic sequence? is there any term called mirror repeat?
How long does it take for dopamine to reach normal levels after a significant drop?
The meaning of the "Score" in ScanProsite
Apical meristem regrowth?
How can fennec foxes eat scorpions?
Special bacteria in infants
Central of Dogma? reverse transcriptase says No
how did we breed after the fusion ? and why can't we bread with chimps?
What are these little creatures living inside a silk web?
What is this yellowish insect?
How exactly apoptosis starts?
Mechanism of Myosin Head Bending in Cross Bridge Cycle Power Stroke Phase
Are there biochemical differences between the cell membranes of prokaryotes and eukaryotes?
How are Thyroid Stimulating Ab destroying thyroid tissues?
The first species having circle of Willis (circulus arteriosus cerebri)?
How do bats manage lymph fluids?
Interpreting Allele frequency and allele count
Is it possible to genetically alter human beings to see parts of the infrared?
The smell of the shield bug (aka stink bug)
How to write a palindrome sequence as-wish (create, theoretically) ? (self-answered)
Could we tell that cancerous cells behave that way because-of their genetic machinery is work in a "primitive" way like Amoeba?
Is there any disease in adult human, other-than cancer, which-is resulted from mutation?
Are there examples of human genes using meiotic drive?
largest bootstrap support
Constraint optimisation
Are there any chromosomal/molecular difference in following human reproductive- traits?
Is the male bee's penis homologous to the female bee's stinger?
Is this a bed bug? I found it crawling on me in hotel bed
Are there hybrids that emerge as a new species?
Chemistry of the phosphodiester bond in RNA
How does motor nerve innervation determine type of muscle fibre?
How does the ATPase stain for muscles revert on changing the pH?
Can low temperatures induce a withdrawal reflex?
Charge distribution to neuron connections
What animal / bird is this?
Is it possible to create DNA of a species that could be any animal
Why would a flower evolve such that a particular pollinator cannot pollinate it?
Composition of EZ-Vision® DNA Dye?
Why do human females have permanently prominent breasts?
Why do we like to touch fluffy things?
How can I test a germinating pea seed for the presence of maltose?
Why don't plants use radio waves?
Decoding animal language (dolphins etc)
Can dissolved aluminium from centrifuge tank deactivate enzymes?
Do Type 1 (Slow Oxidative) muscle fibers also make use of glycolysis?
Why is the inside of a cell negatively charged
Biological significance of correlation between the radius of gyration and number of layers of convex hull of protein structure
Why do we have such a wide range of responses to pathogens and carcinogens?
Is 8 hours of sleep necessary?
What is the rationale behind tapering of immunosuppressant dose a while after transplant?
What biological specimen is this? Seed? Excrement? Fungal form?
Does leaving land alone actually help nature conservation?
Shape of feces in herbivores
What is going on in these cells?
What are the odds of being an albino human and have Down syndrome?
Is there an ecological scenario where terrestrial insect larvae can show food choices?
Are all cells organisms?
How does sGP of Ebola virus help it to evade host humoral immunity?
I need some forearm bone motion pictures
Why Is Action Potential Propagation Not Described by Telegrapher's But Cable Equation?
Is differential equation modelling in molecular genetics useful?
Technical term for water entering a semipermeable membrane?
What are the obstacles to "refitting" the human body's metabolism?
Can There Be Two Simultaneous Opposite Running Action Potential in One Axon
Enzyme Inhibition by alpha-2 macroglobulin
Determination of the species of a skull
Drinking River Water Unsafe?
Protein binds to DNA and just stays there, what will happen next?
Intron sequences in course of evolution
How to incubate freeze dried culture?
What makes humans omnivores, and not herbivores?
DAPI staining showing unknown artefacts?
What causes pinkish hue to some skins?
Can estimating the likelihood of protein sequences adopting functional enzyme folds show life is too complex for evolutionary timescales?
How to find the radius of gyration for a protein?
Can viruses replicate in a cell that's already dead?
Can 5 alpha reductase inhibitor drugs work for life or do they lose effectiveness?
What is cytoplasmic localization?
Calculate signifficance of SNP in specific trinucleotides
Is there a meaningful difference between direct and indirect light
What does fail-safe mean in transmission at electrical synapses?
Hundreds of Red Spiders in Individual Webs
Can the NADPH/NADP+ ratio affect the FMN to FMNH2 ratio in the complex I of the mitochondria?
Is it possible to estimate the age of a wasp nest by its size?
To what extent do fossils change over time?
Why does vision gradually becomes dimmer in bright setting?
Single celled organism and immortality
What determines the sex of hybrid offspring?
Does galactose occur before or after galactose transferase?
Do all microRNA isoforms need to be known and sequenced to obtain microRNA expression?
Reproduction or Cell division
Self-thinning: slope of log (biomass) vs log (density) is -1/2 whereas slope of log (weight) vs log (density) is -3/2, why?
Can birds suddenly suspend in the air in one position?
What will happen if a poisonous snake bites itself?
Is ATP produced in a different manner during glycolysis from that generated by the Krebs Tricarboxylic Acid Cycle?
Bird identification- Crane
Phylogenetic algorithms: How to interpret multiple ML trees from the same dataset?
Is there any evolutionary reason for why some organisms (wrasse) change their sex in adult stage?
How many citric cycles are (can) working at the same time in one mitochondria?
Where does the first oxaloacetate comes form in the citric acid cycle?
Can some human groups evolve into new species?
How does action potential conduct across a branch in a neuron?
Why does the nerve action potential needs potassium?
What kind of snake is this?
What are these two insects (or at least one of them)?
How to calculate the number of folds present in a protein
Are ITS1 and ITS2 good for divergence time estimation?
Is Hemoglobin binding to oxygen the same as Adsorption
Same primers and different melting peaks for two samples (~1°C appart)
Is the BMJ a reliable source for biology studies?
Why is Lamarck's evolutionary theory considered incorrect?
How far is stem cell research from being to generate a new organ?
Do house keeping genes vary across tissue
RNA-Seq library normalization and experimental setup
Can organisms like Noctiluca be commercially exploited?
What makes a 'sense'? Is fatigue (tiredness) a sense?
Portal Systems in Humans
Is bad tasting food more likely to cause harm?
Can/Do any spiders "release" their own web in the presence of a threat?
These Mammals Had a Good Run, So What Happened?
Effect of pH on protein solubilty and denaturation
What are these bugs? [Image included]
Hair becoming white in one night after tremendous stress
Gene vs. Protein Expression Assays
Is there no such thing as species?
what is the ancestral relationship between dogs and cats and bears?
How does hyperthyroidism cause diarrhea?
What´s the role or function of the homologous arms in a donor template in a knockout/knock edition via Crispr-cas9?
Are there public records of results with laetrile treatment against cancer?
How are antibodies extracted from donor blood?
What is considered incorrect for a cladogram's time axis?
Can "red" cone cells actually see much red light?
To what extent is excretory control a learned vs. instinctive behavior?
Evolutionary advantage of F plasmid in bacterial conjugation
Depositing/publishing protein structure simulations
Are memory updates local in mammals?
What is the number of DNA strands per cell?
Do trees grow from the bottom or the top, or is that oversimplifying?
Does light from the left visual field reach the temporal left retina?
Which server to use for volume and accessible surface area calculation of proteins
Do HIV particles die without host cells?
Why is a membrane polar on the outside and non-polar in the inside?
Mitochondrial donation - why is the second woman needed?
Why isn't acetyl-coA an entry point for gluconeogenesis?
Measuring Bioluminescent Algae Intensity
Does tardigrade eat mould?
How to get sulfate reducing bacteria?
Why is there complementary base pairing for DNA?
What kind of spider is this?
Does the SMUG1 enzyme break single-stranded DNA?
How do you determine the length of an annelid?
How does dsDNA become ssDNA when binding to a nitrocellulose membrane?
Can an attenuated virus cause infection in some rare cases?
Standard graph - Determining sizes of restriction fragments
Are enhancers and silencers considered as epigenetic modifications?
Interpretation of agarose gel electrophoresis of a plasmid
What does the 4DTv (four-fold synonymous) mean?
regenerative capacity of human body
Can you do better than "Sock-Wasp"?
How are the very first telomeres added?
What does differentiation of B-cell mean?
Do all plant hormones of one group show the same qualitative effect with respect to their target pathway(s) and the biological response?
When is a DNA sequence a gene?
Mass Spectrometry (proteomics): How isotopes can be used to to determine charge of the peaks?
Does Goryaev's chamber have the same grid layout as the conventional counting chamber used in the West?
Potentials between endolymph/cytoplasm and endolymph/perilymph
Why are adults so suceptible to dizziness?
What species is this bird?
Does food really give our bodies the energies that we have determined by burning them in the lab?
How do nasal and aural passages connect?
Will omega 7 make it harder to produce high quality meat?
Restriction enzyme digestion
What is the mechanisms responsible for downregulation or loss of MHC-1 expression on the surface of cancer cells？
Does the anterior primary ramus of T6 innvervate the Rectus abdominis?
What winged insect is in this photo? Is it Axymyia furcata?
Is it possible to induce erysipelas to treat cancer, under the condition that the patient is to be given antibiotics to control the erysipelas?
Identification: Is this really a case of Progeria?
Conjugation in bacteria
What is the difference between Endoproteinase Lys-C and Lysyl endopeptidase?
Genetic entropy
Should heart-to-body energy consumption ratio equal oxygen consumption ratio?
Tools to analyze RNA-seq data
What snake is this?
What do the intervals between groups of arrays in microarray gene expression data images mean?
Enzyme inhibitors, reversible or irreversible?
How do messenger RNAs regulate each other's expression levels?
Identification of Insect found on beach in Maharashtra
What prevents the human intestine from 'exploding' as a consequence of bacteria growth?
How is 16s rRNA used to identify unknown bacteria?
On enhancers, strands, and zygosity
Understanding of the saturation function in the Monod-Wyman-Changeux Model
How is the antigen against which autoantibodies are formed, identified?
Mitosis and Colchicine
How close genetically is the most human-like chimpanzee to the most chimp-like human?
What regulates production of first transcription factors during development?
Why are there "Old World" and "New World" families?
What is a good method to test the effect of gibberellin concentration?
What is meant by topology of DNA?
Inward rectifying potassium channels during undershoot of action potential
Why does the side of the mebrane of a neuron with a high concentration of positive ions become electrically negative?
Pathophysiology of pink frothy sputum in pulmonary edema
Possible moth identification
Why is the resonance frequency of a neuron defined by peak impedance?
Sexing spotted doves
Is there interphase between meiosis I and meiosis II?
The best free and most up to date phylogenetic tree on the internet?
How does our body produce new antibodies?
How is trangender female different from normal female biologically?
What was the first animal having fur?
What risk does the insulin pump hack carry?
What are the migratory patterns of Orcas in the Pacific Northwest? Do they pass by Vancouver in the Fall?
How did researchers find out that it was only the maternal chromosome that underwent deletion in Angelman syndrome?
Why was it initially thought that Mendel's findings were contradictory to Darwin's natural selection?
Is there a biological basis for race (re: Nicholas Wade's article)
What word/expression is used to describe a band's share in the stained portion of the electrophoretic lane?
How does bath application of KCl depolarize a neuron?
Is there such substances that body can only send to storage (as fat)?
(Non-expert-question) What exactly do chloroplasts do when they "convert light into chemical energy"?
Spermatogenesis in humans - timing of phases and chromatin modifications
What is this spider
Time required to evolve advanced chromatophores in octopuses and squid?
Is it possible to both extract DNA sequences from plasmids and fuse them using primers for Gibson assembly?
Drugs to make rats easier to trap
Why is Hydra classified under Hydrozoa when it has neither a planula larva, nor a medusoid form?
Please identify this bug/insect
Washing bacteria out with water
Enzyme with long tube leading to active site?
Black spider identification
How can I tell if a certain marker is useful to date a phylogeny?
histones in the Hershey / Chase experiment
What is the significance of cysteine in a protein sequence?
Is the variance of a trait related to its rate of evolution?
Are there plants that produce (audible) sound?
How do neuroblastoma cells divide? Is it via mitosis?
Identification of caterpillar in Texas
Why pain caused by blunt objects vanish after some time and return at the event of touching?
Are the human genes' promoters all known?
Carbohydrate in egg white
Does DNA helicase or topoisomerase actually "unwind" DNA?
What is a topological domain?
What is the Specific Nature of Observable Micro-evolution
Is this insect some kind of pest?
Over winding vs under winding of a DNA
Are the human placenta chorionic villi and villous tree the synonyms?
Do non-migratory canada geese still exhibit migration behaviors?
Do they have scales?
Is excess of potassium as strenuous and harmful for kidneys as excess of sodium or worst?
Can human eys/the brain be trained to see with bidirectional monocular vision?
Evolutionary explanation of the bicuspid on the left and tricuspid on the right
Why are valves preferentially affected in endocarditis?
Do action potentials cause the neuron to heat up as well as its environment?
Is it possible to get (an estimation of) reaction rates from the Michaelis constant?
Are both B and Y ions required to determine the sequence of a protein by mass spectrometry?
Why are Natural Killer cells considered cells of Innate immunity?
Does the string "...CATCAT..." appear in the DNA of Felis catus?
Gibbs free energy and its change for the hydrolysis of ATP
Gene configuration : Divergent vs convergent
What plant/tree is this?
Why do some tissues have insulin-dependent glucose transporters and others not?
help identify this fish
What kind of succulent is this?
Is this adaption of the Gillespie algorithm using Michaelis constants justifiable?
What is the connectivity between on-center & off-center bipolar cells?
When salivary amylase breaks down starch, are those substances tagged or destined for a particular use in the body
Photoreceptors and light with mixed frequencies
What is the name of this about 10cm high, grey, "flat hat" fungus?
How does changing the shape of ATP synthase specifically prevent the enzyme from working any longer?
Allele frequency question
confusion regarding degrees of flexion and a goniometer
Can we develop a nucleos(t)ide analogue to cure rabies?
Can we call a sorbent-filled pipette tip "microcolumn"?
How do cells determine what size to grow to before dividing?
What is solitary flower?
The pectoral fins of a whale and a shark. Are they analogous organs?
Can the "Cas9"(involved on the Crispr-cas9 mechanism) be considered as a restriction enzyme?
Does the process of photosynthesis occur in insectivorous plants?
Finding Regulatory Elements: How Have People Been Doing This?
Why lipophilic molecules can pass phospholipid bilayer, in spite of 2 hydrophilic layers?
Can a gene-expression or epigenetic 'user-history' be found in the body?
Is Plasmablast a precursor of Plasma cell?
The Mystery of The Cretaceous' Songbirds
Fst Differences Between Mature Trees and Seeds
Are all 23 chromosomes connected as one long strand of DNA?
Does protein kinase A accelerate glycolysis or slow it down?
Do all tumors form the same way?
How's maturation different from differentiation/activation of B lymphocyte?
I'm trying to identify a tree i saw in Taormina, Sicily, Italy. Can anyone help?
Identification of South Indian plant
What would be the membrane's form if phospholipid tail lengths vary?
Genotypes in diploid/haploid cells under mitotic/meotic cell divisions
can genetic material actually provide a physical description of appearance?
What is the energy produced by the mitochondria?
Would the human body react faster to touch or sight
microscopic slide cleaning and maintenance
By just looking at an unlabeled picture, how do you know it is a protein?
Can coding DNA be used for DNA fingerprinting?
Why do plants create enough energy for the entire ecosystem?
Why do anaerobic bacteria require a low redox potential for their culture media?
oversecretion of the thyroid gland
Mechanics of Chromosomal Crossover
Can mitochondria with "depleted" mtDNA reproduce?
Derivation of Michaelis-Menten kinetics for discrete stochastic simulations
How many mutated genes from a complementation test?
How do red blood cells obtain energy without mitochondria?
What for a Kinase Assay?
Probability of number of boys and girls being born on a single day
DNA extraction from plants and algae don't use phenol. Why?
What kind of viruses can be found in sperm?
Is there a difference between "cell line" and "cell strain"?
Can a non-disjunction event occur in meiosis II (in the paternal gametes) to result in an XXY male?
Human brain is superior than till-date computers, yet why we perform poor than computer?
What makes us "tired" in the gym that forces us to rest?
Why cat hybrids are not common
Have creatures ever evolved to become less intelligent?
Is Cas9 unique in it's ability to act in response to a specific DNA sequence?
Type I and Type II Topoisomerases
From where did the selfish gene get its selfishness?
Is it possible to perfuse chemicals into brain after removal from body?
What is the name of this black-ochre striped snake?
User friendly phylogenetic tree editing software
Cell nanoparticle dynamics within blood
Why do cockroaches and flying beetles survive high levels of radiation?
Why is there debate about thymus being an endocrine gland?
Why does decreasing intake of protein prolongs the lifespan of a fly?
What is the surface area of the cardiovascular system?
8 abdominal muscles but 10 pack
How does boiling water release dyes from vegetables?
How does glutaraldehyde kill bacteria?
Flight trajectory of domestic pigeons on sudden noise
Why are there 2 copies of RNA in the HIV virion?
How many neurons are stimulated by electrodes in memory engram experiments?
Is there a gold standard for syphilis?
Mixed-mating plants: is the number of mixed mating plants supposed to be trivial?
Why is it cool near the trees?
True definition of Biology
If you didn't have an utricule or saccule would you still know if you are accelerating and going up or down?
What is the name of this bush with red fruits?
Do the two catalytic cores of DNA polymerase III operate in the same direction?
Books: DNA replication
Can some one identify this plant with really sweet smelling flowers?
Why is black and yellow such a nice camouflage?
Reduce protein structure representation dimensionality.
Purpose of dilution streaking or streak purification
How to measure surface area of plated bacteria?
Why do two different E. coli reference genomes have different lengths?
Why is coffee a stimulant?
What is the name of this brown, "flat hat", fungus?
How is monoclonality or polyclonality determined?
Can fat cells get into muscle cells?
Carrying out a BlastP on ORF and achieving hits but 2 have the exact same score, evalue and query cover?
Challenges of Industrial-Scale Fermentation
What species of ant is this, and is it a queen?
Measuring optical density with/without re-suspending cells
flying insect the size of a bird
Introducing evolution into the Hodgkin-Huxley equation
Why do parasites involved with malaria going into red blood cells?
What is the identity of this fruit/tree found near Berkeley, California, USA?
How many various types of Memory B cells does an average person has in his body?
Do alleles, by definition, code for the same trait?
Is it a coincidence that the sensory systems for smell, vision, taste, and hearing are all near each other in the head?
Is there a reference for the composition of viral genomes?
How are limits determined for systotic and diastotic blood pressure?
How can both strands of DNA code for proteins with similar functions?
Which organs/tissues are defined as "peripheral organs/tissues"
What is an aromatic cage and what does it do?
can a protein recognized by antibodies not be immunogenic?
Why these 2 dots frequently occur in dog's eyebrows? Do it serve/served any advantage?
What is the evolutionary purpose of shingles afflicting only one side of the body?
Can the concentration of a kinase be used to identify its substrate?
What decides the nocturnal periodicity of microfilariae?
How much time does HIV live outside the body?
Why some tissues like small intestine epithelium are able to be replaced so often, yet they are not one of the most common cancers?
Are evolutionary mutations spontaneous?
Why do the ancestors of birds still exist?
Does zygosity have meaning for mitochondrial variants?
Rescue cell lines function
Are neurons clustered? How do neurons make thousands of connections?
Muscle contraction/extension percentage during normal ranges of motion
Ray wu DNA sequencing methodology understanding
Which living organisms have antibodies?
What is the name of this yellow / orange fungus?
Feeling warm and cool breezes - how does it work?
Most accurate depiction of cortical homunculus?
How large is the range of 'same origin' when determining whether two organs are analogous or homologous?
Can the dietary fibres as chemical compounds be regarded as polymers?
How to determine continental ancestry group (race) with transcriptome data obtained with RNA microarray?
Are there any drawbacks to having immutable DNA during lifetime?
Will a Codon result in same amino acid across organisms
In the Lineweaver-Burk Plot, why does the x-intercept = -1/Km?
What is a typical value of the selection coefficient s?
Is it possible to mathematically model the growth of plants?
Has the acronym DNA ever been widely understood to stand for deoxyribose nucleic acid?
What are the differences between Signaler and Primer pheromones?
Can you identify this flower?
Does covariance and phenotypic variance have to be for the same trait to calculate narrow-sense heritability?
How to conduct PSI-BLAST for a given protein sequence against bacterial protein database only?
Do humans squint more readily at green light?
Do all multiple sequence alignments employ global alignment algorithms?
What stops messenger RNA from binding to itself?
How can axons shrink?
Can neurotransmitter concentrations in the synaptic cleft add up if there are several impulses in quick succession?
Why is darker skin a better defense against sun than lighter skin?
Has any animal ever had a rotating part?
Why do SRIs help in serotonergic neurotransmission?
What is the distance between the insertion of the distal end of the bicep tendon and the head of the radius?
Don't the radioactive labeled molecules of dNTPs or DNA harm themselves or their surroundings?
What is the ultimate source of ADP/ATP in humans?
DNA replication: How many DNA polymerase molecules work in parallel?
Is there a complete connectome of a cortical minicolumn?
How do we know Neanderthals DNA?
What is the rest state for eyelids - Open or Closed?
Can prawns be classified as fish, or is their position ambiguous?
Spectrophotometric Values of Individual Nucleotides
Between Cholera and Polio, which disease cannot be controlled by killing the vectors
Mammal size and capillary wall thickness
Do Schwann cells have Na+/K+ ATPase pump?
What are the on-rate and off-rate constants for 5-HT1 receptors binding 5-HT?
Does every nerve ending send information to the brain separately?
Genetics problem, test-crossed
Restriction enzymes
What makes the hepatic portal vein unique?
What decides whether an ulcer/chancre is painful or painless?
Is the enteric nervous system found only in vertebrates?
Light microscope specimen size
Number of chromatids Before S
Can fruit fly larvae eat plastic?
EnteroPluri test contamination
Differences in the action of Scopolamine and Atropine
Widest angular of binocular vision
Moss CO2 consumption
Plasmid specific DNA degradation
Choosing PCR conditions
Phylogenetic tree with tagging
Travelling with tissue samples in RNAlater
Are Pond Algae Edible for Humans?
Why are H+ ions pumped out instead of in during cellular respiration
How to determine whether changes of an allele's frequency are due to genetic drift or selection?
Fruit identification
What is the actual size of a nucleotide?
where does genetic material for antibody production come from?
Identification of Bioluminescent Species in South Carolina Marshlands
Cough at 1000 km/h?
Are there any photosynthetic catalysts in use other than chlorophyll?
What is the meaning of Dimer Catastrophe?
Has anyone tried using luminescent conjugated oligothiophenes to detect cellulose in a microbial biomass? If so is it accurate?
Is the whole MHC haplotype expressed and so their proteins are exhibited on each nucleated cell membrane?
What properties (if any) do AT rich regions of DNA have?
How does the composition of blood cell types in human blood change during our lifetimes?
Rate-determining steps in enzyme catalysed reactions
Are MHC Proteins the Most Polymorphic Human Proteins Known?
Evolutionary Midways
Why cannot machines use energy stored in a way similar to biological systems' energy storage?
What properties of DNA and Chromosones do birds have?
How is the site of administration of a vaccine decided?
MS/MS for complex samples
Reverse evolution to gain back lost traits
What is the name/type/species of this spider?
What is a PCR test?
Immunology Book Suggestion
Fish ID? Small, yellow-finned, tropical fish in Thailand
Why does hair know when it needs to stop to grow
What is the evolutionary advantage of having polymorphisms in MHC?
What is PDMS used for in microfluid models?
Dynamic instability of microtubule
Why don't we see life form again and over again?
Do pulled hair from the root grow back?
Can't identify this fish caught off NC coast
Where can I get a file/list of the common and scientific names of species?
RT-qPCR for RNA quantification
What happens to the hollow nerve cord?
What is the optimal sampling method for modeling of microalgae growth?
What is the mechanism by which myelination reduces the capacitance of the axon membrane?
Asymmetric volcano plot
The effect of pH on catalase
Topological property of DNA
List of amino acid frequency of different foods?
DNA genetic testing from dried sweat crystals?
If someone A has lung cancer
What is a good multiple alignment of large genome sequences when working with limited hardware?
"producer cell line" vs. "host cell line" in biopharmacology
Why are Mendelian mutations considered rare?
Is RFLP markers are dominant or codominant?
How to calculate Oxygen consumption?
Why is aneuploidy usually lethal?
Can one switch the DNA present in a sperm cell?
Meaning of phrase with term, "intelligent design"
Why is the human ear most sensitive to 4000 Hz tones?
What factors should I consider when selecting a reference genome for mapping?
Why is GTP, not ATP, produced in Gluconeogenesis & TCA Cycle?
What mushroom is this?
Identification of brown butterfly with orange/black/white spots
I just saw this bird outside my apartment. Anyone know what it is? (Texas, US)
Is it possible for an organism that is polypoloid with an odd number of sets of chromosomes (e.g. 5 sets) to be fertile?
Estimation of tissue-partition coefficients and clearance for liposomic nanoparticles
Aptamers for DNA
The meaning of the $\alpha$ helix and $\beta$ sheets in proteins
How do our muscles get tired?
Is the human ovum visible to the naked eye?
How do genes get passed from one hive to another?
What is "Peripheral Dogma"?
Sitting in a closed room filled with regular air - for how long will the air last?
Doesn't meiosis form two pairs of similar cells and two pairs of opposite cells?
How do asexually reproductive organisms mutate?
Why do some moles grow longer and darker hair than the rest of the skin?
How's idiotype different from paratope?
If the half life of Caffeine is ~6 hours, why do people consider it ineffective after its half-life?
where can I find estimated costs of laboratory equipment?
Why do eyes feel overwhelmed by light when we wake up?
Why does yeast react the way it does to water combined with sugar?
Release of Nor-Epinephrine by presynaptic beta receptors
Derivation for drug half life
What is the difference between a species tree, a gene tree and a phylogenetic tree?
What is the difference between muscle tension and muscle tightness?
Would this be called a complex?
What is so difficult about mushroom cultivation?
Why are de novo genetic mutations usually NOT inherited?
Why do bulls have a hump?
Why is polyploidy much more common in plants than in animals?
Why calf thymus DNA is widely used instead any other body part?
Under what category should myosin come?
Determination of animal and vegetal pole
Are there any examples of weighted edit distance genome alignments?
What is RNA Engineering
What physical evidence exists that shows motor proteins "walking" within a cell?
How are nutrients absorbed by a pitcher plant?
Why is blood pressure different in different parts of our blood vessels?
How do absorbance readings indicate diauxic growth of bacteria?
Does the dissociation of serotonin receptors and their ligands really take hours?
How much carbon does a forest contain?
How does reversibility of lactic acid fermentation work?
Gaps in FASTA formatted genome?
Can the calcification response of a marine organisms, at different pH conditions, be assessed by the calcium magnesium ratio?
How is TB harmful in HIV patients?
What theories exist as to how self-replicating molecules organised into the first cells?
Is it possible to rank standardized beta coefficients in general linear mixed model?
How we can localize sound vertically (up-down) and front-to-back?
Recommendations for an exemplary presentation of statistics related to preclinical drug studies and cellular chemistry?
Lethal gene and population genetics
Why does underwinding create topological strain of DNA?
Visibility of a cell membrane under microscopic Imaging
Actively Harmful mutations
Are there enzymes for every given reaction?
Can we digest food as well as herbivores
Production of $CO_2$ basal metabolism test
Luciferase promoter vector over p-AcGFP1-C1 vector
How does the brain alter/inhibit muscle reflexes?
Is the sex of siblings mutually independent?
Help ID this plant, quite possibly a weed
Is it possible to have undamaged healthy cell, that is dead?
Why don't plants get hot under sunlight?
Sheep vs. Furry animals
Is human mtDNA unique in its single origin?
Cytokine responsiveness
immunity to Malaria
Where can I find trees preserved for hundreds of years?
What happens if a speciation event causes the new species to evolve out its clade's defining trait?
Interleukin 6 class cytokines
Do symptoms of common cold infections correlate with the infectious agent?
Is this pollen?
Why isn't direct diagnosis of infectious disease through microscopes a common thing?
Definition of nucleotide-associated proteins and RNA-polymerase associated proteins
Pattern in parental care behaviour from lower to higher animals?
What is the evolutionary significance of germ cell migration to gonads?
How do Sertoli cells protect sperms?
How many isomeres of sucrose can we use?
How can an animal live without a brain?
Why does double vision when drinking happen?
Why do we see black when we close our eyelids?
Why do tendons require over 100 days to make new collagen?
Which is the reference 16S rRNA?
Do mitochondria contain the genes to specify themselves?
What is the smallest difference in light wavelength that the human eye can detect?
Few deciduous trees in old forest
Why does an electric shock contract the muscle?
How to selectively breed a plant?
Identification of cocoon
Interpretation of table on analysis of genetic diversity between groups
What is this creature? Where can it be found?
From what stage can you speak of an inflammation?
Is sperm (spermatozoa) a bacteria?
Evolution of plants and chloroplasts?
How do I efficiently grow bioluminescent algae?
Research from the early molecular genetics era that supported protein as the primary carrier of genetic information?
Iron deficiency anemia
What is this spider I found in Idaho?
Could a man be proved positive for a pregnancy test?
Botany -What are the main differences between tubers and primary roots?
Mechanistically, how does calcium chloride aid in bacterial transformation?
What is meant by `individuals do not evolve, populations do`?
Are there any examples of viruses that have powered motion or do they all rely on passive diffusion?
What is an appropriate measure of determination in genetic studies?
Does any organism use both photosynthesis and respiration?
State of voltage gated sodium channels in depolarised potentials
Fauna in deep great lakes
Have humans finished evolving?
How to determine the probability that a mutation is lost / fixed?
Cellular Respiration in Boiling Conditions
Ion channels affected by gravity
Genotype frequencies and fitness values in haploid population with clonal growth
How does the hypothalamus get the information out of the blood?
Does the testicle's temperature increases with the body temperature during a high fever?
evolution or chance?
dNTP concentration for reverse transcription from RNA to cDNA
How many proteins do all human ribosomes together produce per hour?
How do you identify this particular snake shedding?
Why does the term "epicondyle" often refer to either of the two at the elbow end of the humerus?
Clarification of the brightness of bioluminescent proteins
What two conditions does the closing of the stomata help to prevent?
Anti malarial drugs and g6pd deficiency
Can viruses pass through sweat pores?
Importance of fate maps
Where am I going wrong in a Reactive Oxygen Species Assay done in N9 cells?
Do Alicyclobacilli produce carbon dioxide?
databases for plant growth temperature and altitude
What is the meaning behind Kcat / Km?
Do macrophages engulf material in the epidermis?
Drugs with unknown mechanism of action
How harmless bacteria on skin defence against harmful bacteria?
Does the genome make sense without knowledge of the ovum?
Types of heparin
How do poiklotherms survive at different temperatures even though enzymes work at specific temperature?
Why is trypsin digestion required for proteomic studies?
How is randomness of the branch migration process ensured?
Where is the H+ ion in this step of glycolysis coming from?
Why is contractile vacuole absent in parasitic protozoans but present in free living protozoans?
What is the evolutionary advantage of menstruation?
How come Logs-Odds Scoring Matrix is symmetric?
Vo2 of the brain is 21% of Q=13% or of the entire blood?
GFP brightness calculation
Confusion about Photosystem 2 with regards to lysis of water
How to predict future generations from heritability
Is sex linked inheritance independent of dominance?
Can someone tell me if the example I wrote below is one possible answer?
Linkage disequilibrium
Can somebody identify this species of spider?
What is the meaning of "E-value" in the BLAST search?
Is Parthenogenesis known as Sexual reproduction or Asexual reproduction?
Bird ID (greenish passerine, Sacramento, CA)
How to prevent blobs under the microscope?
What is the best way to clean immersion oil from the microscope lens?
Is hunting animals, crafting and attacking/defending from enemies intellectually equivalent to learning quantum physics?
Are there any animals that are both poisonous and venomous?
How screeching affects the body?
Why WHO has not eliminated chicken pox like smallpox?
The human brain in numbers I: neurons
What is the exact concept of "Repulsion" and "Coupling" (Genetics)?
Would a hole in a heart make it unsuitable for transplantation?
Extremely Scientific Sexual Education Material?
Does heating proteins before a SDS-PAGE gel effect gel result?
What happens if you mix brain waves?
Allergies - congenital situations or created and developed over the years?
What organisms are Chloroperoxidase enzymes found in?
Will dead cells in culture media have any significant impact on Live cells during incubation?
Why is freezing bacteria not a problem?
Trying to identify a baby bird seen in Palermo, Sicily
Help with molar ratio
Which leads are abbreviated typically as channel ECG 1 and ECG 2?
The difference between the two ways of glycine represntation
Why are archae and bacteria grouped into separate domains?
How do spiders get silk from their spinnerettes?
Online phylogenetic tree of human lineages
If a dead animal is electrified, will it decay?
Why does NaCl react differently with a boiled potato and with a raw one
Does plasmolysis kill plant cells?
Does Methanol cause similar intoxication as Ethanol?
Competition in DNA hybridization to RNA
Origin of the biochemical term, Pi (inorganic phosphate)
Performing PCR on samples whose DNA concentration is nul
Problems interpreting gram stain slide
Could all mammalian receptors be described as allosteric?
Difference between going against and going down a concentration gradient
Identification of Sunbirds
Why DNA needs histones to be packaged and ordered?
Proteome patterns between treated and control cells
Why isn't water decompose well like food, although bacteria need water?
Under what conditions do laboratories have the need to perform both, colony counting and cell counting?
On Deformation of the body due to dipole orientation in the cells
Hand motor control of the brain
Pigmentation in dermatophytes
What are the sites of nutrient digestion and absorption in the human GI tract?
Why do cells in the cerebral cortex act as interacting nonlinear oscillators?
Transport mechanism in absorption of monosaccharides in small intestine
What is the upper limit of number of SNP based mutation in any protein?
What is the difference between endometrial lining and endometrial stroma?
Gene products of recessive/mutated alleles
Why do some people become more aggressive when tired?
How to track bacteria/ protozoa, unicellular algae in big volumes?
is there a constant leakage current across axon even in absence of stimuli?
Surgical vs anatomical neck
Where can I find these frequencies for several species?
How would a herbivore's digestive tract differ from a human's?
On the premise of crop rotation, is there similarly a plant or organism able to provide nutrients into its environment that exists in water biomes?
How do detergents interfere with protein assays?
What is the difference between a "semi-contracted" muscle and a "contracted" muscle?
Why is hunting big animals more dangerous for the species?
Sodium concentration during action potential generation
Do we understand how (some) proteins work?
Was mammal body better suited for some type of the marine environment than the body of fish?
when does an erythrocyte start carrying oxygen molecules and what is the binding capacity
What scorpion is this and is it lethal?
How can you tell if a protein-coding gene is nuclear or mitochondrial?
Modulating the level of acetyl CoA
Do xylem vessels in roots have lignin?
What type of tree is this? (Coyote Hills)
What do bloodsucking animals actually feed on?
Why half of the protein is saturated when [L] =Kd
Why is it thought that silicon based lifeforms never flourished on Earth?
Does chromosome cross occur over male and female or vice versa?
Plants with no chlorophyll
Digestion Enzymes in Carbohydrate Metabolism?
Left Ventricle vs. Right Ventricle size in different Animals
can animals override instinct?
What is the number of species known through paleontological evidence?
Why is glycine considered a nonpolar amino acid but a polar molecule?
What is the essential benefit of center-surround organization of retinal ganglion cells?
Why are there no Nissl bodies in the axon?
How large is the immune repetoire and at what age does it finalize?
Dorsal root fibres
Will sperm cells exhibit chemotaxis towards sucrose?
Is phosphofrucrokinase1 PFK1 found in the liver?
Are Y spermatocytes faster but less resilient than X spermatocytes?
CNS memory structure
The relationship between the shape of the bacterial DNA and the blocking of replication machinery
Bending your little finger without bending ring finger
I am not understanding how water passes through root hair cells
The effect of 3D structure and solubility of the binding site of enzyme on its affinity Km and maximum activity Vmax?
How to pipette accurate volumes from BSA solution without air bubbles?
Plant growth in blue light
Why does getting soap in your eyes cause redness and irritation?
Essential fatty acids function
Why do cell membranes let small non-polar molecules through but won't let small polar molecules through?
Where can I find an image of the gut/anatomy of the mealworm?
How to determine the evolution of a dimension of fitness that has high variability of selection intensity?
Do transcription factors block transcription entirely?
Why do we make T4 if we only use T3?
What kind of "size" does SDS-PAGE separate by?
How valid are GO (Gene Ontology) terms?
How to calculate the geometric mean titer (GMT) of titers from a haemagglutination assay (influenza)?
How to build a phylogenetic tree without an outgroup?
Do E. coli produce both cellulose and curli?
How does having spare receptors change ED50 in an irreversible agonist
Nomenclature of enzymes involved in synthesis of glutamine
Neurophotonics vs. Optogenetics
Parthenogenesis Induction
Is excretion always necessary?
Protein degeneration/excretion in cell
