Was Base58 invented for Bitcoin?
Are wallets compatible with different clients?
Trying to open directly...Device open failed
Lost my bitcoins, was I hacked?
How to Avoid Wallets Compromised by Android Vulnerability
Why is Ripple's base58 alphabet so weird?
What is the difference between ledger_hash and ledger_index in Ripple?
How does MtGox Limit sell work?
Maximum number of block erupters raspberry pi can handle?
How to make a new blockchain from scratch
Is there a way to specify an invoice ID in Ripple URI?
Deriving the Bitcoin address from the raw block script
"Blockchain Explorer" software?
How to connect to several Bitcoin nodes using Bitcoin
How do import a paper private key into MultiBit?
How will X509-validated payments request work? (AKA "The Payment Protocol")
What is "safe mode" and how does it affect RPC Commands?
Are there any limitations to vanity addresses?
USB Hub for Mining Rig
What restrictions will be placed on X509 certificates that are used in the payment protocol?
Do I need both bitcoin client and guiminer to do mining?
Is there a JSON-RPC method for retrieving all transactions for a given address?
C# - JSON-RPC - How to build the json object before serialization (createrawtransaction)
MtGox streaming API - not receiving messages
Payment Protocol: Is using different addresses for refunds just because of privacy?
When making an altcoin copy of Bitcoin, where should one start?
What do I do with all my old block erupters?
In the end, will there be only one?
What is the purpose of Bitcoin mining?
Did I just get defrauded by Coinbase?
bitcoind and figuring out if it's still downloading blocks
Open source bitcoin projects?
Random Bitcoin address generation
Doubt about Bitcoin SCI
get the private key for change addresses
Is calling the bitcoind RPC multi-thread safe?
Does rippled store any information on accounts and addresses?
Can you use paypal payment with Bitcoins?
How is an address beginning with a 3 valid?
distinguish change address from real origin<->destination
Why is a transaction with outputs of less than ฿0.00005460 rejected?
Mining on the testnet: how to configure bitcoin-qt?
Locking litecoin wallet with JSON-RPC
Is Primecoin mining competitive?
Negative balance after sendfrom bitcoind
In the sourcecode, what does this line mean that recovers the key from the signature?
Can bitcoins be exchanged by mailed check?
enabling rpc only with certain commands
If SHA256 were compromised tomorrow, would Bitcoin collapse, or is there some contingency plan to move the network to a new hashing algorithm?
Can I use bitcoin USB block erupters to mine litecoin?
Can I exchange Bitcoins to get Dollars?
Buying bitcoins in Zimbabwe
Cgminer opencl-detection overrided autogen error
Is buying BTC on localbitcoins.com safe?
How do I communicate with the BTC network?
Getting Bitcoins into my wallet from MtGox
How many public keys is there?
How to get litecoin address balance?
Bitcoin blockchain size practicality
Colluding miners attack: Is the Bitcoin protocol compromised?
Why are the results of the Coinish Bitcoin calculate so grim?
Can bitcoind still do CPU-based mining or was that feature removed?
When did litecoin fork bitcoin?
What are the odds of discovering a block as a solo miner?
Has the payment protocol – which is supposed to protect against Man-In-The-Middle attacks – ever been implemented?
Obligatory transaction fee?
What is a "share rate"?
How many coins been mined on the Testnet?
Why doesn't my transaction go through?
Bitcoin transaction stuck as unconfirmed with no fee
What is a DNS seed node vs a Seed Node?
Advice on running two wallets please
arbitrage between currencies
What is the standard InvoiceID for a Ripple Bitcoin bridge?
What is my chance to find a block on a TestNet ?
Does Proof of Stake Lead to a Positive Feedback Loop?
Number of orders at price X in bitcoin exchange's order book
How to use Backup .dat?
How does confirmation exactly work?
How many confirmations in litecoin block explorer
How do I use the blockchain file bootstrap.dat?
How does bitcoin find peers?
Why are the first 514 blocks on testnet3 dated much earlier?
Why use DER encoding for signatures?
Is mining an antieconomical process?
Is it possible to rename & move a MultiBit wallet
Fee Paid vs Confirmation Time
Which part of my wallet should I NOT lose? .wallet file or private/public key?
Is BTC Robot working or is it a scam?
New to Bitcoin - Need help understanding the mining part
Using the bitcoin wallet PKI for message encryption
How to integrate a Bitcoin payment service in my auction site
Would a professional ASIC-machine holder eventually become a bank-like character?
When will price of BTC go below 100$?
Multibit backup created partial transactions
How can one find everyone holding IOUs from a given issuer in Ripple?
What is the problem that mining solves?
How to test bitcoin distribution mechanism
Are coinbase.com purchases effectively bitcoin futures?
Are bitcoin exchanges all connected to each others? or just close platform
Any examples of Bitcoins being used to buy bonds to build a Digital Community
Where are my bitcoins after wallet removal
Bitcoin Armory Difference in GPG Output
Why does using a wallet in cold storage make it less secure?
A transaction that does not get processed
How does the Chinese Bitcoin ecosystem differ from the European/North American ones?
Wrong fee on transaction
Goverment Hacking Bitcoin
In bfgminer, what does Accepted mean?
Internals of MtGox
How can Bitcoin change the world?
4 Questions for mining bitcoin in cloud
Using ASIC for password cracking - mad concept?
How to stabilize Bitcoin's exchange rate (reduce volatility)?
Why is a GPU a better tool for bitcoin mining than a CPU and is an FPGA better than both?
Double-signature paper wallets?
What is the most comprehensive source to get started with Bitcoin?
What should I choose - GPU Mining or CPU Mining?
My pool shows no evidence of block that my computer discovered
How does a difficulty increase affect a miner's income?
Keeping the blockchain index after Bitcoin-Qt upgrade
How to remove unconfirmed, non-existent transaction from QT wallet
Why the txn_count is zero in the block message?
Where are my coins after restart of blockchain and transactions (Multibit)
Can trading be done on coinbase.com?
Why was the RIPEMD-160 hash algorithms chosen before SHA-1?
Is it possible to determine Bitcoin ownership distribution?
Why will anyone still play SatoshiDice?
Where can I safely sell a Casascius version 1 physical bitcoin (with hologram error) for cash?
In which cases do transactions have multiple "from-account" but a single "to-account"?
What are some commonly used commands for Bitcoind shell command line?
How to uninstall Bitcoind from ubuntu server?
Jalapeño Multipool Setup on OS X
Buying on one exchange then selling on the other
MultiBit Password Protection - How Secure is it?
Is there Windows based mining software that allows you to set precentage of GPU/CPU or set low priority
What does this phishing website compromise?
Create BitCoin address for each registered user
Corrupt wallet.dat file - Try quitting bitcoin and running this again
btcchina how to deposit with mastercard?
Will large Bitcoin holders be a threat in the future?
How has mining evolved since the start of Bitcoin?
When I exit SSH session bitcoind goes down
Have I backed up my wallet sufficiently?
Some question about block and block chain.....really confuse me!
How do I transfer BTC in cold storage?
two block are broadcast almost at same time, which will be accepted?
Do transactions affect the discovery of a block?
If a block chain is considered invalid, how about transactions in this block chain?
Why was the time between these two blocks not approximately 10 minutes?
What values are hashed in the SHA-256 algorithm, and what would be the next iteration until a possible header is found?
What do miners do to deserve bitcoin?
What is "Midas"?
Can I mine with CGMiner or BfgMiner with both an AMD and NVidia GPU on the same MOBO?
Does Bitcoin account for deleted bitcoins over time?
Is Electrum's SPV (thin-client) implementation not P2P (as opposed to Multibit's)?
How long do miner collect transactions to include in a block?
How are some coins premined?
How does the market bubble?
What permissions should wallet.dat have to be as secure as possible and still work?
Offline Wallets: Electrum vs Armory?
Explain how CoinJoin enhances anonymity, in plain English?
How To Get Copy of Bitcoin Source Code
How can I build litecoin from source in Visual Studio (2010 or 2012)?
Bitcoin-QT wallet.dat prior to adding passphrase
Multibit: Connecting
E-commerce invoice in USD & receive payment in Bitcoin
What would kill Bitcoin?
What has caused bitcoin to double in value in the last ten days?
Stores that accept bitcoins & Alternatives to Bitmit?
Does LTC price correlates to BTC price?
Bitcoin wallet - why do i need it for cold storage?
An online wallets that sends transaction change back to the original address
Not totally cold but how cold and safe is it?
Solo mining just for luck, realistic?
Why are mining pools not removing the 250 kb block size soft cap?
Block Erupters Continue to err out
How do Bitcoin exchanges fill orders?
Can I send btc to a totally offline wallet?
FutureBlock offer and example seems to violate No Arbitrage Rule
Multibit - Failed to create a Selector
How do the blue encrypted bitcoin paper wallets work?
How to physically configure graphic card for higher yields?
Why is blockchain.info allowed to have an iOS app but coinbase is not?
Is the word "coin" a proper bitcoin term?
Moving armory watching-only .wallet file
How to sign a message using Bitcoin private key?
Building from source static bitcoind on Ubuntu
Are there bitcoin exchanges that do not require an extensive verification process?
Bitcoin Casino Questions
What pressure prevents alternate currencies from completely diluting bitcoin?
How to store a bit coin on my account?
Does one need to have a bitcoin wallet to buy/sell bitcoins?
Is it correct to assume that the price of cloud GH/S will vary proportionally with the difficulty change?
What is the most efficient and safest way to handle cold&warm Bitcoin storages?
How to pay bitcoin via webmoney?
Dynamic PHP Array used in sendmany bitcoin command issue
What are the differences in these methods of creating wallets offline?
How to verify that downloaded files such as Ubuntu, BitcoinQT, Armory, and Electrum have not been tampered with?
Can you send Bitcoins from Bitcoin-Qt without downloading the whole blockchain?
Inflationary (no total coin limit) cryptocurrency where miners keep all new coins
What encryption does Electrum use for private keys in wallets?
Can bitcoin buy food?
How to use the "Bootstrap.dat" file with bitcoin-qt?
pool slush's pool numbers?
How to verify the signature of a raw transaction
Can someone create a very complex transaction to try to fork the network?
How to buy Apple products with Bitcoin?
Bitcoin block hashing algorithm. nonce
Balance difference between different wallets with the same key(s)?
Speculation on rate differences between different exchanges
bitcoin-qt crashes when any bitcoin.conf file is used
Why does anyone use MtGox?
Is it possible to speed up block chain syncing with a miner?
BitCoinJ custom transaction
Very poor cgminer result on EC2 GPU with litecoin
Getting started progmatically
listreceivedbyaddress returns empty list
What is the maximum allowed password complexity in Multibit
Bitcoin Supporting Chargebacks
Debts denominated in bitcoins
Electrum: "restoring" a wallet from a seed
Alternative: Mining scheme driven by logistic function
Is it possible to transfer BitCoins from BlockChain to CoinBase?
Is declining number of peers (hosts) threatening the network?
How can I temporarily move my value to something other than bitcoin without providing identifiaction?
How do I decrypt a password protected, BIP0038 address?
What do `minerd`s feedback messages (LONGPOLL, yay, boo) mean?
Is it as easy as buying 1BTC and leaving it in a wallet? is there anything else to "Bitcoin investment"?
How can I use the USB block erupters to mine Namecoin?
What "Identity Verification" features will be part of the QT client?
Is it possible to confirm a specific transaction with your own miner?
MtGox withdrawal transaction not in blockchain
How can merchants accept Bitcoins while keeping it in line with the original USD value?
Bitcoin transaction with 0.0001 BTC fee not getting confirmed?
Why invest in mining hardware if the difficulty continues to climb at an exponential rate?
Mining my own blockchain?
Mathematical areas of research within the Bitcoin field?
Naming convention: MilliBit or Millibitcoins (mBTC), microbitcoin or Mikrobitcoins (μBTC)?
When does freebitco.in cash out?
Is a multisignature transaction propagated through the Network before it accumulates enough signatures?
Where does one find documentation for the MtGox trade API?
How to cash out E*Trade stocks (transfer funds from US to the EU) with Bitcoins?
Where can i see my BitCoin addresses?
Tax deduction for US-based employer paying in Bitcoin to overseas contractor
Does using bitcoins require a "K-1" under some circumstances?
Need help understanding how to profit from bitcoin trading (like forex?)
What is the strategy behind a sell wall?
How does the Bitcoin Standard Client wallet encryption work?
disregard power costs for mining in the winter?
Understanding Bitcoin prices
What happens if you send Bitcoin to a Litecoin address?
Is there a comprehensive list of Gateways' IOUs and fees associated with using them?
Coinotron wont show updates from cgminer
How long it would take if I withdraw bitcoin to my bitcoin address through mtgox?
What are ASIC miners actually doing?
Is it possible to spam the bitcoin network with 'dust'?
Why does Avast and other antivirus' detect gpu miners as viruses?
CgMiner past version 3.4 cannot see USB Block Eurptors (Windows)
want to study the Satoshi (bitcoind) code
Software to connect to Bitcoin, and the method I need to invoke to try mining a bitcoin using a hash I have generated?
How do I find a renamed wallet whose name I can't remember?
bitcoin-qt not syncing on mac os 10.9
Bitcoin Transaction from MtGox hasn't shown up after several hours
What is this extra address on blockchain.info?
Do bitcoin exchanges based outside of the US who serve US customers have to register with FinCEN as MSBs?
Sent bitcoins to my unencrypted wallet and encrypted the wallet before file synced, is there any way i can get them back?
How can I open a wallet in multibit, after clicking "close wallet"?
Unconfirmed Transactions
Mining Hardware lifespan is less than a year?
Sent a 1079 byte transaction without a fee on accident
What wallet should I use to collect the mining payout from multiple machines?
For the Noobs: Starting Bitcoin games. I cannot transfer Bitcoins, or use Faucets
CoinBase Callback URL in Java
Do all block have to be verified every time a new block is broadcasted?
Would trading with Bitcoin be worth?
What is needed to make a bitcoin exchange?
Stateless bitcoin daemon for server, capable of signing transactions
Do imperfections in dice make them unsuitable to make really good bitcoin private keys?
Most secure way of sending bitcoins from bitcoin-qt offline wallet
What would be the second greatest bottleneck in the mining process? after the hash generation of course.
In order to send more hashes for mining do you need to connect into a bigger mining pool?
BitcoinJ encrypt message
Can't we use all the mining/processing power to calculate useful stuff?
Forgotten wallet password (bitcoin-qt)
Browser based mining
Calling JSON commands to armoryd
Which rate is the best rate to go by for Bitcoin prices
Are my bitcoins safe?
Creating a bitcoin/litecoin miner with Javascript
Who created the Bitcoin blockchain?
Will I get my bitcoins have I been scammed?
Can the Block Erupter be used for anything besides coin mining?
First Time with Bitcoin
BFGMiner for Debian Wheezy
who gets the transaction fees?
Setting up BFGMiner with Devices
miner gets the right to get 0.05% as tramsacton fee when the coin trensfered
Integrating bitcoin with php to accept donations
Bitcoin Mining on Office Network
Reading a bitcoin chart
Bitcoin exchange, local or foreign?
To buy or not to buy Amazon Coin?
How get address from pk_script?
Who got the bitcoins when nobody was mining it in the very begin?
Bitcoin-Qt frozen catching up/sync with Bitcoin in new wallet
I bought a bitcoin before my client sychronization was finished. Will I get the coin?
Where does the purchasing currency go?
Wallet problem and ASIC miner
Wallet on multiple computers
Trying to figure out the two-part authentication process. Can anyone give direct instructions?
Why is my withdrawal from the 50BTC pool not visible in the blockchain yet?
bitcoind is not downloading blockchain
How to open a corporate account on Bitstamp?
Uses of computing power by bitcoin miners
Bitcoin address does not show transaction/balance from Coinbase purchase
Is bitcoin mining itself compromising the security of SHA256
How can I buy Mastercoins?
Multibit export private key to usb possible?
Do we know who runs the big mining pools?
How does one send and receive Mastercoins?
Recover Multibit Wallet on Mac
Is the label of an address visible for another people?
Where do bitcoin transaction fees go
How can I stop Electrum re-using change addresses?
Is there a tutorial on how to set up a secure enviroment and use Electrum?
Bitcoin client warning
How can vulnerabilites in bitcoin be responsibly reported?
Is it illegal to trade Bitcoin OTC in the United States
Is original bitcoin program needed with multibit?
What does the text strange or nonstandard type mean in the output of a transaction?
How To Send Cash To BTC-e, Crypto-Trade
How to decode private key from Android Bitcoin Wallet?
I had $1000 on an encrypted wallet and need to restore it on bitcoin qt
How to make sure that bidders in an auction have sufficient Bitcoin without storing money for them?
Administration of bfgminer in linux
Would it be worth it to start mining bitcoins at this point?
Sending Bitcoins from a Mastercoin Address
Generating Public & Private key pairs for cracking Bitcoin
How do you create a miner?
How do I add a miner's fee to a BTC transfer
What is Buttercoin, and how does it differ from other exchanges such as Coinbase?
How does the ASIC Jalepeno connect to the Internet?
Can I modify the source code of Bitcoin to generate addresses people have already used?
Hashrate required for Finney attack on SatoshiDICE
What metadata can be captured by a single miner? What about a group of miners?
Can a miner steal another one's block?
How to uncompress a compressed private key?
What is opcode 252?
Why do I not see a transaction after 3 days?
How can I sell bitcoins and transfer the funds to my bank account?
How can I configure my miner for two pools simultaneously?
Storing HTML websites in the blockchain?
Bandwidth required for Bitcoin going global?
Is there an opensource crypto-currency exchanges engine?
Loading Wallet error
Turing completeness of Bitcoin Script
Is there any part of a bitcoin transaction that is 'random' or could not be predicted?
How can some exchanges/services afford to pay for customers transaction fees?
ASICMINER Blade Erupter Backplane Dimensions
Are balances for an address visible?
I have a problem syncing my wallet
I'm making an infographic on Bitcoin. How can I download all Bitcoin transactions to do some analysis?
Who provides the computers and infrastructure for bitcoin transactions to happen?
Wallet.dat Corrupted help please?
Please help me understand primecoin mining performance
How to pay via Bitpay
Balance not going up in deepbit after mining
Do exchange rates between countries' currencies have an influence on Bitcoin exchange rates?
MPOS won't show miners
How to withdraw from an offline / paper wallet into Bitcoin-Qt on Mac?
View bitcoins per address in MultiBit
Migrate from blockchain.info to bitcoin-qt
Mastercoin vs Quantum Computers
Is mastercoin a perpetual bitcoin machine
Is it possible to run out of nonce values?
How do I update offline Electrum wallet after receiving payment with Online seedless wallet?
Why am I able to export private keys using my seedless online Electrum wallet?
How do you calculate the transaction fee when sending to multiple addresses?
Will a zero-fee transaction get processed faster if I send it straight to a miner I am running especially for that purpose?
Does a vendor have to wait 10 minutes before a transaction is confirmed?
Configure an Asicminer Blade
Decoded transaction hex without enough signatures?
should I setup a pool or join one?
Are timestamps in transactions trustable?
My bitcoin transaction has not yet gone through. (4 days)
How to file bitcoin income to the IRS
How much data traffic does participating in Bitcoin mining cause?
What is BTC-E CODE?
AML laws seem to be very erratically enforced
What exactly is checked at various -checklevel's?
Is it possible to mine Litecoin with a MacBook?
Is there a way to maintain a continually updated copy of blockchain without running a wallet?
Private key generation bitaddress.org vs application wallet (armory / bitcoin-qt)
Transaction hanged on 1 peer, did reset and now balance is 0 transaction is gone
How long for wire transfer from MtGox to Australian Bank?
Litecoin - Is better use a good CPU or good GPU?
Can you have same Bitcoin Address in 2 different wallets?
How much time does it take to transfer BTC into btc-e hosted wallet?
What can I do to track stolen funds?
How can I find people interested in selling BTC through Ripple?
Is this thing on? (How to tell if my cpuminer is working?)
Does halving ever end?
Which crypto-currencies can be mined effectively with GPU
Where are contracts used in the real world
Move bitcoin data from Windows to Mac
What percentage of bitcoins are being traded/used on a regular basis?
Is it possible to run a miner to confirm transactions for a target address?
Bitcoin Client API-RPC: Efficient way to list transactions from a list of addresses
Is there an altcoin that is only feasible to mine by CPU?
My wallet hasn't synchronized, can I make a transfer?
Is ASIC miner worth my money?
Bitcoin passphrase fail, restoring backup does not help
Does anyone know which country has the most bitcoins?
getrawtransaction in Bitcoin-Qt (0.8.5)
sendrawtransaction creates hash but does not propogate to the network
Has anyone used Bitstamp international bank transfer?
Paper wallet vs wallet.dat on memory stick for long term storage?
Closed wallet on MultiBit, found it in AppData, but when I click "open" nothing happens
download testnet block chain?
How does blockchain.info determine when a payment is received?
Bitcoin too large file
Which program is suitable to server mining of Feathercoin?
How does an online market place collect commissions on bit coins?
Scrypt server mining process killed
Shares accepted vs hash rates?
Cheating ASICs and Mining Software
5 GH/s Bitcoin Miner from Butterfly Labs can mine Litecoin?
MtGox websockets vs HTTP - which is more real-time?
What is the best BTC miner for intel HD 4000 card?
Why can't my bitcoin-qt sync with network?
Is the news story about the missing hard drive containing £4 million GBP of Bitcoins technically feasable?
Is it possible to mine Peercoin and Litecoin simultaneously on the same machine?
Account change address is not showing up with `getaddressesbyaccount`
CPU vs GPU Mining (FTC) - CPU wins? How?
Lost Litecoin wallet?
Sending coins when the priv/public keys are not in wallet (bitcoind)
Bitcoin Value Calculation
Error Code 22 returned from bitcoind sendrawtransaction
Salvaged possible wallet from corrupt HDD ... now what?
Using btc-e in the United States and depositing/withdrawing USD into btc-e?
Implementation languages of popular exchanges
Can the Government step in, to ban bitcoins?
What does "prev_out" and "n" mean in blockchain.info's API data?
Mt.Gox Graph Question
Transfer Bitcoins from Coinbase to an Offline Wallet
Buying Litecoins Directly
Is there a sandbox in bitcoin for testing?
When adding funds to wallet via snapswap, what exchange rate is in place?
What unusal behavior would alert school's system administrator from mining bitcoin?
Why is average time for block 8 minutes, when the target is recomputed to keep it 10 minutes?
AMD HD6850 mining speed is very slow
How can I use bitcoin testnet in coinbase php
CGMiner no output (LTC GPU mining)
Receive bitcoin before block downloading is finished
Who are creating all the alternate cryptocurrencies?
How is wallet at official client encrypted? What encryption it use?
Is there a comparison between different blockchain.info's wallets?
Why would someone be willing to sell BitCoins at substantially below market price?
Do I need the bitcoin client running in order to receive bitcoin?
most profitable scrypt mining machine per dollar with unlimited budget and free power?
I've forgotten the password to my wallet but can still access it, can I get my Bitcoins out?
Not getting enough Hashrate
PCI-E v1 2 and 3 differences in mining?
Question solved by bitcoin miners
How do I send Bitcoin in paper wallet to other person?
Help! Tried sending bitcoins to myself and they disappeared
Bitcoin Miner Pseudo code
Wallet not getting loaded with Multibit
Security for bitcoin businesses with Employees
Is Bitcoin mining profitable on a 8 core, 32 GB server with unused capacity?
Bitcoin qt synchronization problems!
Could a hacker replace Bitcoin QT in some Linux repository and steal Bitcoins?
syncing no block source
about bitcoin market price for a shopping mall
Is a 51% attack really expensive?
Bitstamp order book history
Changing p2p to create a quark coin mining pool?
only getting 52khs on Litecoin mining with a Nvidia GTX670
Verifying mrkl_root from two children nodes in JAVA
Making Bitcoins faster with friends?
More than 1000 CPU solo mining = bitcoin?
Difference in hash rates between Bitcoins and Litecoins calculation
Using Mac Pro for Mining
Is there any where to get free testnet Bitcoins?
What happens if Bitcoins are lost
Why are there barely rounded values on btc-e?
What situations will you lose your bitcoins during backup?
Moved Bitcoin-Qt wallet to blockchain - can see my funds but can't send them?
What does "accepted shares" mean?
Are bitcoin wallets money service businesses (MSB)?
How do you publish a transaction which is cancelled if not claimed by a given time?
What gives bitcoins value? A simple explanation please
Using ATI and Nvidia Cards together
When I buy a Bitcoin with dollars, where does the money go to?
Do BitCoin wallets generated by websites have validity?
cgminer settings [ ati / amd radeon HD6870 GPU ] scrypt
From where do portals who sell bitcoins buy bitcoins?
How can I generate a bitcoin address?
Opening Wallet with a different App
Are transactions possible when setting up/ sync wallet Qt2
Some additional questions on how bitcoins work!
Number of transactions per block
How was bitcointalk attacked in Dec 2013?
Running bitcoind on VPS, won't speak to my web server
How can i accept Bitcoin donations or payments on my website?
I bought a bunch of 2009 Bitcoins the actual coin. How can i cash the coin in?
mining for quark
Is someone trying to kill bitcoin?
Delay of shipping mining equipment on purpose?
How would changes to the Bitcoin protocol be decided upon? What constitutes a "majority"?
Trustworthy url address for bitcoin download?
Get address balance in Java
Best place to read about the algorithms and protocols underlying bitcoin?
Bitcoin client confirmation configuration
does bitcoind download bad blocks?
What is a bitcoin tumbler?
What is the difference between these two "instruments" ICBIT charts
How can I compile bitcoin on debian 7.x Wheezy? Missing libmemenv.a
Can you mine bitcoins with an intermittent Internet connection?
A friend owes me cash, how can he pay that debt in btc?
I deleted my windows google auth (TOTP), how can I log in on BTER without it?
The value of Quarkcoin knowing that big amount was preminted
Check Bitcoin address balance from blockchain
Is the idea of a "honey hole" such as in gold mining, present in bitcoin mining?
How can I specify transaction fee size when creating a raw transaction?
What's the minimum transaction with bitcoin?
How to integrate bitcoin payment in ASP.Net?
Will the blockchain get too large?
Longer fake block chain with "valid" transactions
Bitcoin-QT client shows coins, but cannot find wallet.dat
Miners selling bitcoins
How could you initiate a new Exchange Market?
How do big sites/markets handle the intrinsic "transaction fees"?
Need help recovering my bitcoins
Bitcoin -> prepaid VISA/Mastercard service (2014 edition)?
1 bitcoin deposited into electrum
Is my wallet at blockchain.info still mine if the website shuts down
Where is the safest place to trade? Open account? Wallet?
Make sure my offline Wallet is ok?
Namecoin Offline Wallet Generator
When is a Bitcoin Adress considered even and when odd?
How to retrieve all addresses with non-zero balance and their balances?
My BTC is taking way too long to transfer
Is there a way to prove control over specific number of BTC kept in cold storage?
How do I fit a normal PCI-E x16 video card into a PCI-E x1 slot?
Bitcoin exchange language coding
How can I mine PeerCoin?
Sudden GH/s drop in BFL Miner
Are there any Web Crawlers for Bitcoin addresses?
Sequence of events that can cause lost money in MultiBit
Exported wallet.dat from bitcoin-qt. Then uninstalled bitcoin-qt. Now the wallet is empty!
Need help! Initial sync not progressing, BTC sent already, + warning message
Re-indexing blocks taking more than a week - Cant access my wallet
Closed a wallet in Multibit mac and cant find it from application support
Is it possible to send 0.00000001 BTC?
How is the security of Mastercoin different than that of Bitcoin?
Transaction remains not confirmed
Litecoin mining wifi bandwidth requirements
Can I mine with BFGMiner on an ATI Radeon
Choose where to install bitcoin-qt (linux)
Maintaining bitcoins
What attacks are possible with a malicious bootstrap.dat?
How to safely spend from a compressed key offline?
Are any hashes (Tx or block) actually stored in the blockchain?
How can someone participate in Bitcoin reliably without a bank account?
What keeps someone from creating a malicious wallet app?
Can bitcoin transaction be signed offline without access to blockchain
Quarkcoin's bitcoin-qt fork won't recognise unspent transaction
why did bitcoin suddenly spike?
How can I tell when bitcoind has found a block?
Bitcoin: what if I was about to sign an offline transaction using the transaction history and I get paid into same address
Running poclbm miner in Ubuntu 13.04 without ATI card
GPU mining with Intel HD Graphics 4000
How to keep track on new cryptocurrencies
GPU support on cgminer and bfgminer
How exactly do new bitcoins come into existence?
>50% crash induced by stakeholders of current financial systems
What advantage do Mt.Gox or Kraken have over Coinbase?
Possible to use an already generated bitcoin address?
Old bitcoin wallet not working
Why are Bitcoin prices so different between different markets?
bitcoind just hangs (no output at all)
How do you connect to the Bitcoin Client?
problem when start using cpuminer / cudaminer
Can a blockchain transaction history be updated by text messages using a mobile network?
What happens if you send BTC to a testnet address?
How do I set CPUminer to Scrypt instead of SHA256?
Is there some resourses where I can sell pc time for mining?
What does getinfo output mean?
How many peers it MultiBit connected to? Can not send bitcoins
Is there a Bitcoin price alert application that can use data from BitcoinCharts.com?
What happens to bitcoins in a multi-sig transaction if nobody signes?
How do I get a vanity address from a hierarchal deterministic wallet?
Anyone successfully mining bitcoins in Testnet3?
Do I need to join a pool if I have a 3TH mining rig?
My multibit wallet (Ver. 0.5.15) shows nothing after being sent part of a coin?
recovering coins from a faulty laptop to my desktop
Old transactions remain unconfirmed after redownloading the blockchain
What's stopping an infinite number of altcoins with the same protocol from appearing in the future?
How do signatures work?
How can I physically give someone bitcoins for easy redeeming?
Is it safe to delete bootstrap.dat.old?
Potential security problem: wallettpassphrase opens up the wallet for everybody!
Error running BITCOIND in Ubuntu 12.04 Desktop
Bitcoind under Windows 7; RPC port 8882 not opening
How to obtain the private key of an Armory wallet?
What happens to a miner's work when they restart?
What should I consider when deciding to whether or not to mine?
Need help with encrypted wallet.dat. I can't access it with my expected pass-phrase
can blocks remain capped to 1MB forever?
Does a wallet containing multiple addresses have a single private key?
What happens when the 21 million cap is reached?
Having some trouble getting started mining bitcoins using GUIMiner and Radeon HD 5770 graphics card
Why doesn't BTC depreciate in value as its supply increases?
How do I scan my bitcoin receipt into my wallet?
Is there api for ripple.com to authentificate with username & password?
Must my wallet be connected to the internet to receive payments?
Bitstamp ripple bridge clearing time
Would you buy a Neptune
Is it possible to definitely lose bitcoins?
How does blockchain.info get the addressbalance / seen date?
How can I calculate the bitcoin per day from mining in a pool?
Where and how can I buy shares in bitcoin?
Can I first open an account on an exchange then later on transfer to my wallet?
Can somebody provide me with the $price per GHps in mining since the old CPU days til present pre-orders?
Won't DNS records reveal who Satoshi is?
Build bitcoin-qt on OSX
Having trouble setting up the escrow function - returns transaction ID but doesn't get to blockchain?
Is it possible to use a PGP key as a bitcoin address?
If the supply of Bitcoin is regulated, how could it be said to be decentralized?
Is Bitcoin a viable way to transfer money from one currency to another
How to calculate Hashes per Second
Is the 500 gigahash ASIC miner from Butterfly Labs a good investment?
Trying to mine - nothing gets accepted
Buying and Selling on MtGox
Litecoin transaction fee structure?
Transaction history size
Bitcoin mining with a Raspberry Pi
Join a pool or create my own pool with my 500 PCs?
Bitcoin QT encryption / passphrase
Implementing events with the bitcoind notifications using PHP
litecoin mining
How to compile Bitcoin-Qt from GitHub source on Arch Linux?
the bitcoind daemon doesn't respond to commands
How to test your Litecoin mining hash rate?
Does mining activity only exist if there are bitcoin transactions?
Segfault when attempting to run cgminer on ubuntu 10.04
Will the bitcoin value keep rising at steady rate, if bitcoin mining is stopped right now
No accepted shares on cgminer (sync issue ?)
BFL 7GH Jalapeno suddenly trips circuit breaker, what can I do?
Could there be an exploit by creating millions of meaningless transactions?
Bitstamp.net API Realtime
Bitcoin Node Data Leakage
Transfer BTC from online wallet to paper wallet
Sending and receiving address
Power supply for Litecoin mining rig
Getting keys from multibit to export for electrum
Buying Bitcoins without identity checks?
share private key [blockchain]
Moving Bitcoin-QT's location
cgminer freezes at random intervals
what is wrong with this litecoin transaction? getting "tx rejected: (code -22")
scriptPubKey consisting of the only hash
Market orders in Cryptsy and BTC-E
How do mining-pools prevent work duplication?
hide password in mining ps command
bfgminer using 100% CPU
do transaction merkle trees have any use outside individual blocks?
lost private key...never had it
How is 'scrypt' pronounced?
Acting as a passive node rather than an active one using bitcoind
How many currency units in 1xBTC / 1xAltCoin?
Minimum hardware requirements
Cannot get BITCOIND RPC connection working on Ubuntu 12.04 or Windows 7
Why are Bitcoin addresses starting with 1s or 1S so rare?
multi wallet bitcoin client
Planning to build a mining rig
How to salvage bitcoins from corrupted hard drive?
Ubuntu command to download https://launchpad.net/~bitcoin/+archive/bitcoin/+packages
How do we know that the algorithm of Bitcoin does not embed bugs since inception?
Scalability of namecoin
How can I test my receive address?
How many types of mining pool are exist for bitcoin or litecoin?
Holding of 9% of all bitcoins?
How do you create a wallet with MultiBit?
Bitcoins lose their value over time.. or do they?
What is the safest method managing a large number of receiving Bitcoin addresses?
Does the US hold almost all of the bitcoins?
What would be the easiest way to make my bitcoins into real us money?
Can any current consumer grade computers mine any alt coins?
Lost bitcoins - Multibit
Start cgminer only on the second card HOW?
Quarkcoin money supply and hashing
multibit isnt showing my bitcoin as spendable
CGminer multiple instances
What do the indicator lights mean on USB Block Erupter ASICs?
What would happen to the Bitcoin network if all ISP's collectively block port 8333 at once?
Popularity based mining (variable block reward)
why is the growth in the number of bitcoins not convex?
Software for mining Quarkcoin on 32-bit Windows
get offline Bitcoin transaction id, chain multiple offline transactions
Why is the hash rate pumped near difficulty calculations?
Multiple transactions for a single payment in bitpay
calculate transaction ID TXID from JSON or raw transaction
Will the 3TH KNC Neptune Miner still be profitable in 2014?
Decrypting Vanitygen Protected Key
Details on Genesis Block
bitcoin programming book
Restore encrypted wallet
Can someone explain what is a mining RPC?
Am trying to start mining litecoin with litecoin-qt
strange weird address in transaction after send bitcoin bitcoin-qt
How are transactions and blocks relayed?
Difference between having bitcoin in my wallet or in a third party like an exchange or an e-wallet
Is there a way to prove ownership of a transaction?
About a change in 0.8.6 - free transactions with less than 0.01 outputs
Paper wallet secret Santa?
Can i store multiple crypto currencies in one wallet?
Can I buy Litecoin with Paypal or a credit card?
Is it legal to use rented dedicated servers to mine?
What qualifies as proof of residency for AML in the USA?
Question about mining algo
What would it take to create my own Bitcoin exchange?
Is mining bad for the CPU?
Not generating any blocks on testnet
Exchange multiple Cryptocurrencies
How do payment processing companies work?
How can I find the "real" difficulty on testnet?
Definition of blockchain height
what are "transaction fees" used for?
How do you generate a bootstrap.dat file?
Does Namecoin support the bootstrap.dat file?
Why not send BTC between web wallets?
How the Bitcoin community will handle attacks on a Client's code?
What will happen, if transaction's rate becomes very high?
What does influence Bitcoin price so much?
Why would I have so many rejected shares while mining?
Where can I download BTC historical ticker data?
125+ confirmations, but Multibit does not recognise as Available to Spend
How to allow only local connections?
Why are ticker messages in the MtGox PubNub API repeated?
Alternative Cloud Hashing sites to Cex.io
Who has named 10e-8 BTC "Satoshi"?
Seeking specific advice on three-party/escrow-type transactions
Why so many warnings about importing private keys?
How do I determine the balance of an address I don't own? (WebAPI or local API)
GUIMiner not detecting my GPU (AMD Radeon HD 7600M Series)?
What is the algorithm to create a Bitcoin mining calculator?
Could an algorithm be made ASIC-resistant by simply adding deterministic permutations depending on the hash of the previous block and the nonce?
Possible to temporarily reduce the supply of a cryptocurrency?
Transactions Won’t Confirm
Not relaying non-standard transactions
rPi & ASICMiner Block Limit?
Standardized symbol for "pay with bitcoin"
Question about Bitcoin rate
How to recover an old wallet.dat file
Can a transaction be in two blocks?
How to send bitcoins from selected address on blockchain.info wallet?
Block orphaned by same miner?
How did this block end up on blockchain.info?
Recovering bitcoins after the owner's death
No Miner can connect to RPC Server
How many addresses are sent in response to a getaddr message?
scan to wallet process
How much is ripple decentralised and p2p
Purpose of difficulty?
Removing old public keys
sending an order through BTC-e API incorrect field error
Mining Bitcoin- Simple Example for transparency
"Instantaneous" transaction verification?
btc-e current btc withdrawal fee
Can I be held liable if a gateway vanishes?
Do transactions happen in an already mined block or a block yet to be mined?
I need a system for managing multiple bitcoin transactions using transaction information in my wallet
Single pool vs multipool mining?
Preparing a "send" order offline the same way you can create an offline wallet?
What happen if there's no one mining bitcoin?
Can Litecoin mining be bottle-necked by motherboard/cpu?
How can I get CGMiner to connect to mining_proxy.exe
How to work out my hardware's hashrate power
Is cgminer used for both bitcoin and litecoin GPU mining?
cgminer with an nvidia 710m GPU
Bitcoin is using +90% CPU power using Ubuntu 12.04?
What is a Bitcoin node?
Choosing a mining pool
How does mining work
Determine basic Bitcoin network attributes
p2pool passwords
Does CGminer work with Network miners?
What is the Elliptic Curve algorithm used in Ripple to generate public / private key pairs?
I'm trying to compile bitcoind on Windows but build_unix for db-4.8.30.NC is empty. What do I need to do?
Why Reward Size 50 (21 Million Coins)?
Creating own altcoin, error loading block database - Have Merkel and Genesis hash
Bitcoins Stuck?
Transaction confirmation
Device not found. NO GPU output 3 Computers same issue?
Bitcoin wallet corrupted after recovered from broken HDD
Recover Multibit password: brute-force
Can one rig run multiple different graphics cards?
Query unspent outputs for arbitrary address
What is a UTX 0 Proof? (as discussed in this video)
Which coins can butterfly-labs miners mine
How to accept BTC payments
Electricity cost of mining
Transfer BTCs without fees
How much are accepted shares on GUIMiner worth?
Is there a reason why miners should respect the default maximum block size?
Is it faster to retrieve bitcoins from exchanges than fiat?
Bitcoin URLs: how to set a transaction fee?
Is there any way to directly query the block chain for the body of a transaction given its hash?
Help getting started mining
What is a good analogy (which a layperson would understand) for the process of Bitcoin mining?
Encrypted wallet which is syncronizing
buying bitcoins from ebay
obtaining currency exchange rate values for different coins via apis
How do you derive the public key from you random 256-bits integer?
Is there a way to mine with many graphics cards without having a PC for each one (or two)?
Mining in a down market
Is there a real threat of so called ">50% attack"?
Why is the reward decreasing while the difficulty of mining is increasing?
Litecoin mining hardware
Can free bitcoins from faucets be actually spent?
Trace and contact bitcoin thief
In what respect is Bitcoin "programmable cash"?
What BIPs are supported by the standard client Bitcoin Core?
What factors can be looked at in order to come to a fundamental valuation of Bitcion?
Bitcoin-Qt - backing up unencrypted wallet then encrypting it
How to limit the debug.log file while running bitcoind?
What is the algorithm for generating a Ripple address from a ecdsa public key?
What happens when moving BTC from one wallet to another on blockchain.info with 0 fee?
Getting insufficient funds when trying to send from a watch only wallet on blockchain.info android app
How can I track assets in Bitcoin?
Is it true that as long as you have the public and private key for a bitcoin address, you are safe?
Should I mine bitcoins or litecoins?
How can I turn a private key into a wallet?
Send Bitcoins back where they came from
I want to start my own exchange
BTC/USD price on BTC-e
Is a low difficulty insecure?
Lost mining shares when restarted GUIMiner
Exhaustive technical explanation of signing & verification
Is there any bitcoin exchange software that does not split net income?
Are transactions verified in chronological order?
Must mining pools use the same address?
Does mining require downloading the transaction history
I bought some bitcoins from a friend, I don't even have a wallet, now what?
Can I generate an offline Bitcoin wallet using only OpenSSL?
Can the fee be 10 times bigger than the amount that was sent?
Is there any cross-platform multi-currency wallet?
Why are there such huge differences between commissions on different exchanges?
Check how much money there is in my Bitcoin address/wallet
When we receive a transaction or BitCoin payment, do we need to verify the message?
Can anyone assign btc address with wallet?
is it possible to launder bitcoin by exchanging it for litecoin and then back to bitcoin?
My Radeon 7570 that comes with my hp envy h8-1409 is not being detected by CGminer (Litecoins)
Can i mine with a GTX 760?
Is it possible that a virus could be included in the block chain or even spread out to computers as miners are trying to mine?
What if a country 100% denominated in a cryptocurrency loses internet connectivity to the rest of the world?
Where could I sell micro BTC and is it possible?
USD conversion rate API
Cryptoissues? (stocks & bonds)
miners fees and exchange fees
Miners after mining
What Namecoins are used for?
Could I mine a non-final transaction?
Fees from portals like coinbase or bitestamp to Bank/Credit Card
What do I need to consider, when I chose media to store a cold/offline wallet?
Bitcoins deducted from Multibit wallet but nothing was sent
Parallel primecoin mining
Mt.Gox API v2 with C# - authentication problem 403
Can there be dollar version of bitcoin?
Will a USB mining device use my computer's processing power?
Why are blocks hashed?
What exactly would need to be added to Bitcoin to support Zerocoin?
What protocols are built on top of Bitcoin?
How are Bitcoin ATMs secured against double-spends?
Do bitcoin exchanges own the bitcoins they trade with?
What to backup to save my coins?
Meaning of the Tables in the Blockchain Database
How did Silk Road work when it came to delivering product anonymously?
Is there a way to monitor what bitcoin-qt is doing on a mac os x?
Avoiding price fluctuations when transfering money
where is default Bitcoin-Qt data directory?
When you mine bitcoin, where does it come from?
Should I / And how to update qt client?
Are there any non-monetary uses for the blockchain, or the Bitcoin protocol generally?
How to get a bitcoin address's balance?
Code sample to sign a transaction
How to scan QR code with multibit wallet application?
Mining a primecoin based currency (datacoin). How do I find out how much hash power im doing?
Do you need to download the entire blockchain in order to mine bitcoins?
Do I need Bitcoin-qt to run Armory?
What are the optimal cgminer settings for a AMD Radeon HD 6670?
How to compute profit and loss with currency trading?
Pool comparison list?
How do I interpret Mt Gox market depth streaming data?
Most important spec to look for on a GPU for scrypt mining (e.g. Litecoin)
parsing bitcoin input and output addresses from scripts
Does a 51% attack depend upon difficulty?
Calculating Hardware Efficiency through Hash Rate per Second
What's the proper way to scale p2pool?
Connecting bootstrap.dat to Bitcoin QT?
What dependencies are needed to build the dogecoin client?
Do I need the bitcoin blockchain for having a simple wallet using the bitcoind (daemon)?
Easy Miner showing zero work, no devices shown
How do I empty the memory pool?
Can I use Multibit private key for paper wallet?
Is it cost-effective to purchase an expensive card?
address that has never been online, will transactions in blockchain still balance?
What's the advantage to requesting a higher difficulty when mining?
Miner seems to be stuck at receiving new blocks
how much is the initial capital needed to start a bitcoin exchange?
Moving Bitcoin in and out of BTC-e
Simple GPU C++ mining
how do I create and encrypt a dogecoin wallet?
Dogecoin daemon (dogecoind) not responding to RPC requests
How are "message signatures" verified without having access to the public key?
Are privatekeys Case-sensitive?
So every private key actually has TWO associated addresses? (ie uncompressed and compressed)
Why is still Fee not a 1 Satothi?
Debug bitcoin protocol implementation
Inbound connection merchant risk
bitcoin-qt compiles successfully but runs fail
Are generated public/private keypair the most random possible?
Incentive for mining by regular users
Recommendations on how to buy Bitcoins with limit orders
Multibit : transferring coins between local wallets
Which percentage of miners are using ASICs vs GPUs or FPGA? Is it possible to know?
Why are all popular crypto currencies deflationary?
How do you install cgminer on ubuntu
Gaming Bitcoin by generating millions of wallets
Compiling litecoin on Macosx: llvm-g++ not found
Profitability comparisons for Quarkcoin and Primecoin?
Are There Examples of Asset Backed Virtual Currencies?
Writing an article on Bitcoin for my school paper
A Butterflylabs 5 GH/s Bitcoin Miner running at 270 Watts?
cgminer doesn't detect GPU in ssh session
Does the Prospero X-1 have an USB port?
Is Bitcoin database cross platform compatible?
Have any security vendors developed any Bitcoin Cross Domain Solutions (CDS) implementions yet?
Miner quit working this morning
Is there an API to create a Dogecoin Wallet?
Determining proper order price on BTCe
Is there a "Total Bitcoin Days" metric?
Can I use any "wallet" to store Litecoins?
which address do I use to receive and which one to transact and sell/trade?
Adding an additional GPU for LTC mining
Out-of-the-box pool mining solution
How do bitcoin exchanges work?
LTC mining is better than BTC mining?
Can an attacker change an old block without changing the checksum?
How does the Bitcoin client make sure transactions were accepted by the network?
Deciphering cgminer interface in terminal
what is $_GET['code'] in coinbase api
Are transaction fees allocated to the wallet operator?
GUIMiner gives "ValueError: need more than 1 value to unpack"
Has anyone ever gained control of the blockchain?
Accepting Bitcoin payments on my website using bitcoind? Many questions... no apparent answers
How big is the Bitcoin network?
Can someone explain to me how do you read the blockchain.info transaction data?
How do you export or save your wallet information for litecoin-qt on ubuntu linux?
When mining, all my shares are rejected. Why am I not getting any accepted shares?
How to fork Bitcoin and build own cryptocurrency
Is MtGox Pubnub API and Websocket API the same thing?
What is backed up from the wallet
Can I recreate a wallet using on my priv/pub keys only?
Is the date here true for live bitcoin and altcoin prices?
Where can I get a list of command options for bitcoind and primcoind?
How to send bitcoins
What are the benefits of running a bitcoin daemon?
What is Mastercoin? Why does it exist?
BFGminer running on GPU on Windows 7
Where to buy non scam bitcoin with ICBC credit card?
Can't download bitcoind mac
When launching cgminer with scrypt parameters, Windows gives an error message. Why does this occur?
What states is Kraken doing business in
How to do Bitcoin transactions, if major Internet connections are broken?
How to handle a ridiculous amount of receiving addresses?
Making a read-only Linux SD card, where are the security loopholes? (offline key generation and signing)
How do I lookup Blockchain sizes for crypto-currencies like Litecoin and Dogecoin?
Partially filled orders on btc-e
How to make a genesis block of my altercoin?
How exactly does a block get constructed and verified?
How to mine with Intel HD Graphics 4000?
Receive coins from my physical wallet
Using bfgminer on an Intel GPU on Ubuntu 12.04
Does mining in a pool with a bigger hashrate mean more bitcoins?
What will happen when all bitcoins are issued?
Dogecoin daemon bind error
Parts of a Bitcoin Mining Rig
How can I view the Blockchain locally on my machine?
How does your account get credited when you send bitcoins(ex. Coinbase)
Transactions are verified by miners. What happens when the last BTC has been mined?
How strong is the bitcoin network?
Several millions of Dogecoins have been stolen. Is a similar hack possible with Bitcoin?
Do bitcoin clients automatically add more fee than specified?
Can I connect 2 different PSU's to 1 GPU?
Number of wallets permitted on a bitcoind
When will the blockchain be pruned?
What would it take to track dollars like bitcoins?
How to send bitcoins from an online wallet to a blockchain.info wallet?
How to move altcoins from Cryptsy into USD?
Is bitcoin the only entrance to buying other coins?
Can I Recover Bitcoins Transferred to a “Sending” Address?
What is the command for primecoind and bitcoind to see my address?
How fast does a processor have to be to mine bitcoins
A limit on privpub key pairs in a wallet
Calculating EMA on multiple time periods - right or wrong?
About to open my first wallet
Does leaving your wallet unencrypted mean that all the private keys bundled in the wallet are susceptable to loss of confidentiality?
Why aren't blocks "zipped"?
Bitcoin transfer through QR codes
cpuminer json rpc call failed
I noticed that sending a transaction actually means sending your entire wallet amount to the person and you get change back?
how to develop trading platform for bitcoin
How do "Pay to Script Hash" transactions work?
CGMiner, share sizes, what does a shares size with a G appended mean, how much larger than a M (million) share is it?
Searching for the comprehensive guide to creating Crypto Currency
How to get a history of incoming and outgoing transactions for a certain address?
What is the XPT protocol?
How does blockchain.info get its info? Is it via the RPC interface for bitcoind or by reading the raw blockchain directly?
What if you wanted to decrease anonymity?
Which API call creates new bitcoin addresses
How is the solution hash in a block generated?
Is the Trusted Third Party an advantage or disadvantage in regards to wallet security?
What is miner supposed to do when waiting for longpoll
Does my Bitcoin-Qt wallet backup file have "everything" I need (private key)?
Move the blockchain to a different location
What is the point of a bitcoin faucet?
I don't understand the "51% attack" problem. Why does a mining pool have power with a 51% share?
Is one quad GPU rig better than two dual GPU rigs for Scrypt mining?
Why longpoll if sockets are available?
How to keep transaction generating time down?
How to setup a DNS Seeds node and a Seed Node (for Litecoin clone)
16x Presence Short (1x Riser)
Using the bitcoind -testnet test network and automatically creating test wallets
How does Mastercoin avoid double-spend attacks without it's own blockchain?
Would it be possible to generate a memorized wallet address by using a batch of phone numbers?
Is it possible to spend partial amounts from a paper wallet?
Which wallet applications implement BIP38 - Private Key password encryption
Where can I find out which BIP (bitcoin improvement proposal) are going to be implemented or not?
How are Bitcoin Addresses generated when using bitaddress.org?
Whats a site or app where I can extract a public key just by typing in a private key?
Bitcoin theft from Coinbase account being hacked
Why are there two byte sizes for timestamps in the Bitcoin protocol?
Who are the owners of the Central Banks in Europe
Does the original Bitcoin client scale to contain millions of addresses?
Web Wallet Creation with PHP and bitcoind
What is the useful work done during the mining of Bitcoin?
Will "all" bitcoins ultimately vanish? (be unusable)
How do I read peers.dat file to get a list of all peers seen or that bitcoind has connected to?
Get confused on the merkle tree algorithm
How to determine what type of coins a wallet.dat contains?
Are transactions still tamper-proof if blocks are hashed without nonces?
How can the blockchain survive without an army or other kind of law enforcement?
Bitcoin Address generation
What is the difference between deleting a private key and deleting an address?
What to do if my BitCoin Address is only 33 digits?
Error message in cgwatcher with intel hd graphics 4000
Measuring total amount of Bitcoin in circulation
Generating an address from a private key in Java?
Holding all your money in one address = Paper wallet?
Bitcoin rig setup, connecting a Butterfly Labs unit using USB
Which exchange rate should I use for calculating Bitcoin exchange rates?
When using a paper wallet and doing partial spends via blockchain.info. Where does the change go?
Can anyone point to flaws in my counter-arguments of bitcoin critiques?
Block confirmation speed
The bitcoin address space seems to be closer to 2^40, not 2^160
My MultiBit is unable to connect
Wallet advice for users without technical knowledge
Is there a rippled Windows binary available for download?
Understanding Vout
Market Depth Indicator - Howto?
How is bitcoin infinitely divisible?
json-rpc via curl
Why do keys need both X and Y coordinates, if X can be solved for Y using the curve equation?
Why is a double hash of the previous transaction included in Txin?
How to decode very huge (!) raw transactions?
How to open a Butterflylabs miner?
Somalia follow-up
Bitcoin-Qt is shutting down my laptop
How to get the immature balance of an account?
Can someone explain this double spend on blockchain.info?
Associating a bitcoin address with a user in a shared wallet
Does Proof of Existence lose bitcoins?
Mining without using client
Is Bitcoin a threat to Paypal and why one cannot buy bitcoins with PayPal?
Bitcoind Keypool Best Practices For Web App
Percentage of mined Dogecoins
Comparison of different active cryptocurrencies
Block explorer with testnet raw hex data
Why can not use an exchange address for p2p mining?
Litecoin getwork specification, endianness
How is block reward set in time?
How do pushpool and stratum-minig-litcoin format the shares they send to the pool
Receiving bitcoin
Issue after importing private key to MultiBit
Are Closed Prices just the last trade or are they averaged?
Broadcast a Transaction
Making change in a timely manner
error: couldn't connect to server
dumpwallet always corrupts my wallet
TxHash to BlockHash using API
Will a bitcoin miner work for other currencies?
Bitcoin wallet shows empty after I installed Windows on SSD
What does the Accepted/Rejected mean?
Should p2pool submit all shares?
What is the fee policy suggested by the mainline bitcoin client?
In layman's terms, can anyone explain to me how miners generate Bitcoins and process transactions at the same time?
What is the queue position?
Are there standardized ways of generating wallets from passphrases?
Largest block (measured in Bitcoins)
bitcoin-python API not receiving funds
How is network time enforced?
Why do my futures keep getting cancelled using BitcoinJ?
Can an attacker steal a very recent tx and alter it, broadcasting a new tx with his address on the output?
Can there be 100% change transactions?
Multibit security with regards to "backup" folders
What is the current state of BIP 38 (encrypted paper wallet) integration with cell phone wallets?
what does less power costs parameter mean?
Bitcoin Nodes actions
Can an old block be inserted into the blockchain?
can I improve LTC mining on this GPU?
looking for api for huobi.com for last price data
Setting up my BFGMiner with two AMD GPU's
What is the safest bitcoin wallet?
Would this be suitable for Bitcoin mining?
Reward schedule and maximum number of dogecoins?
signed up in 2010-now trying to access
Setting up a miner with Eligius
Full animated order book
Can I run Armory on a Chromebook?
CGMiner — when will I start earning Bitcoins?
Vanity addresses
How is the Merkle Tree sequentially propagated, and are the parts addressed?
How to send bitcoin with a message attached
How to calculate the the amount of all Peercoins(PPC) in circulation?
Calculate the amount of Primecoin(XPM) mined/created so far
When mining with 2 computers, do I need to use 2 separate wallets addresses?
How do you configure windows to store the bitcoin blockchain data into another directory?
Where can I find a step by step tutorial on how to setup primeminer and join a pool?
How do you setup your own Bitcoin / Litecoin / Primecoin / Altcoin pool? Whats a good tutorial?
Can someone explain to me how does PPLNS mining pool profit split in lay terms?
As of today Jan-2014. How much drive space does the following coins blockchain data take?
How explicitly can the blockchain be pruned?
I'm mainly on a Windows system. What are some advantages and disadvantages of setting up Bitcoin-Qt in a Linux virtual machine?
Do transactions reference the containing block of the previous transaction?
Is there a gui to manage the bitcoind server via a browser?
Transaction not showing in wallet
When do you need to run bitcoin-qt -rescan?
How are public and private keys related to the wallet?
Cgminer not working with AMD APP SDK 2.8
If anyone can mine how does inflation not occur?
Trouble with getting litecoins in my give-me-coins account
Is Bitcoin deflationary and inflationary at the same time?
Scrypt based merged mining pools
coin seems to have gone to a duplicate address
After mining litecoins for about two hours, how long will it take for anything to go into my account?
How secure is an encrypted wallet?
what is the best mining intenisty to use for certain grahpichs cards?
Could bitcoin "survive" a definitive hard fork, spawning a new currency?
Where does the money come from?
What is the bitcoind command to send all coins to another address?
Why is it insufficient funds when sending coins via datacoind when I have enough?
Request blockchain for transactions
Can't I create milions of Bitcoin addresses and wait if someone will have same one?
Can Bitcoin-Qt be configured to trim the blockchain?
Setting up Statistics with litecoin-qt or bitcoin-qt
Is it ok just to save wallet.dat from multiple altcoin clients and remove the client?
How can I process bitcoin payments from a hidden service on Tor?
How does proof-of-stake "mining" work?
Can two crypto currencies have the same name?
Why do dustcoin.com and coinwarz.com give opposite results of profitability?
Where to get difficulty data for all crypto coins?
BFGminer can't find my NanoFury!
How to use bitcoin from command line in Windows?
Where is bitcoin.exe?
Is there an alternative to salvagewallet that keeps account info?
Can I do mining with a normal PC?
Will Bitcoin taxation be enforced by the IRS?
Earliest bitcoin forex & product purchases
Wallet is encrypted and currently locked. How can I get it decrypted (unlocked) - I have my password!
High Hashing Power: Okay to solo mine?
Litecoin mining efficiency with pci-e 8x/16x
What is the bitcoind command to see how much btc a specific address has?
How would you give away free bitcoins by letting the user just scan a qr code?
Sort order of transactions on blockchain.info
Bitcoin-Qt source code walkthrough
Do all coin types use the same API?
Profit by programming a Bitcoin service (wallet) in an "only-now" bc adopting country?
Can I use my laptop to mine bitcoins?
How do wallet-devs profit?
Running BitCoin Wallet On USB
send payment from one address to another from my website
How to sign non-standard transaction
BIP0016 pay-to-scripthash transaction validation
BIP0016 pay-to-scripthash transaction detection
Displayed transactions may not be correct!
So I closed my wallet in MultiBit and there isn't a trace of my wallet
Turn off fee destruction in PPCoin
Chronologically sorting transactions within a block
What was the goal of creating the feature of immature coins?
Createrawtransaction questions
Preventing theft of Bitcoin ATM
Blockchain length by number of blocks or transactions?
Bitcoin Miner Profit using 600 GH/s Monarch from Butterflylabs
Can the change address be in a different account after using sendfrom <fromaccount>?
How large can the bitcoin salt value be?
What is the relationship between hash rate and accepted shares?
"Shared wallets will not work correctly."
How to transfer bitcoins to my Indian bank or PayPal account?
how does Scrypt use memory?
Bitcoind, what's the command to see available funds?
can I download the litecoin blockchain from the webbrowser?
Is CPUMINER's use of JSON files broken?
Multibit validation error message
Is it legal to trade bitcoins on coinbase/mtgox in the US?
Where does the change go in blockchain.info when using a paper wallet?
BAMT Lan - Qualcomm Atheros AR8171
Hourly price notifications on Linux
How to make a payment processor like Bitpay?
Recommended Transaction Size
Export wallet from Multibit to Electrum
Change addresses and key backup on Bitcoin Wallet for Android
Is there any way to move the Blockchain?
Why I cannot get transaction from genesis block
Mining in one years time
How can I pay with Bitcoin on overstock.com o.co?
Multibit: Using the same passphrase for both my wallet and exported private keys
Is split possible in bitcoins (like in stocks)?
Mining Bitcoin on Linux with CUDA?
How mtgox and bitstamp calculate the bitcoin price?
What will be the value of a bitcoin if it becomes as common as any other currency?
What are the pros and cons of P2P mining pools?
Where can I find a worknig fedoracoin wallet for Windows?
Same setup different hash rate
scrypt mining rig suggestions
Why does bitcoind say "error: couldn't connect to server" for the first few minutes of boot-up?
Could this stop double-spending?
How transactions get added to a ledger?
Wallet Out of Sync and Bitcoin transfer
How to find out the ECDSA private key perfix version for Altcoins?
Old transactions in the blockchain
Bitcoin trading in Cyprus
bitcoin mining costs
Is there a Bitcoin ATM in London?
Does a transaction have multiple signatures
Spending bitcoins - what happens to the change left in your address?
Easiest way to accept BTC and test
JSON-RPC signrawtransaction returns false when using private keys
Why are people creating so many coins and can all of them sustain?
How would I generate a valid vanity address for destroying coins?
What is vanity address?
where to get cryptocoins data
Why can't we make the Bitcoin software start the blockchain from the beginning?
Detecting generation transactions
Order list or trades history Btce via api
I lost bitcoins in mtgox, I don't know why and how
Is 18 TH/s Enough to Start My Own Pool?
What would I need accounts for?
Can a miner refuse it's reward?
bitcoin-qt keeps on quitting with "failed to read block"
Problem integrating Bitcoin daemon with PHP
why i can't find blk0001.bat and blkindex.bat on my computer
Where can I create a bitcoin address?
As a small hotel accepting bitcoins, do I show only one payment address?
What is happening after backup?
Does cancelling an order in BTC-E carry a fee?
How can I tell whether transactions were (not) made via BitPay / Coinbase?
ASICs and large memory requirements
How do you generate a Ripple address and secret using the ripple-lib javascript library?
Can blockchain size become a blocker for bitcoin adoption?
How to import a private key in bitcoin-qt?
How to keep Bitcions when reinstalling OS from fresh
How to avoid Bitcoin-QT's transaction fee or change size limit?
How do bitcoin exchanges set prices?
Why is Bitcoin-qt using my CPU at 100%?
How to make a block explorer?
Will bitcoin's value be affected by other digital currencies?
How to make a block explorer (like blockchain.info)?
Cannot connect to php-mpos with CgMiner: Pool 0 slow/down or URL or credentials invalid
Is bitaddress.org compromised?
bfgminer 'Rejected' problem
No shares on ghash.io and no payout — how to resolve this?
can i solo mine with minepeon?
What do I need to do to protect my wallet on my computer?
How do previous transactions work?
What kind of problems are solved when mining?
Want to buy bitcoin from Bangladesh
Public key from private key generation problem
In slush pool....what does a yay!!! mean whe n using cpuminer
What's needed to host a competitive game site
Litecoin daemon is not responding to API calls
How to collect Dust transactions?
Nonstandard script - TX rejected
Can an address have negative balance?
bitcoind getinfo or getbalance freeze
What's the formula giving the % of succesfully maliciously messing the blockchain?
Is access to mining the only obstacle to centralised bitcoin-like currency?
How accurate is Bitcoin network time?
Why can the same 12 words produce different seeds in an Electrum wallet file?
What's the difference between a bitcoin client and wallet?
How to get full Block information like blockchain?
Faster way to sync my new Bitcoin wallet?
mapOrphan overflow, removed 1 tx
Download only first few blocks of blockchain
Where do these coins gain their value?
Why did I pay 8.7% in miner fees?
How do you generate a QR code for a not so popular coin?
Withdrawing Bitcoin from Cryptsy
SCRYPT [Need Help] Radeon 5970 HD [Apparently supposed to get 750-800KH/s) @ 300kh/s
What is the origin of the data that the bitcoin algorithm operates on?
Bitcoind server strategy. How much disk space?
Sending getblocks message but not getting inv message response
Script To Limit Transactions To Specific Wallets
Bitstamp streamline API: how to get all contents of the ordebooks?
In Stratum protocol, whether the miners know the mining address?
0 Payout at litecoin pool with a processing power of 1.6 Mh/s. Why?
how to setup p2pool for dogecoin?
Bitcoin wallet not updating balance
Is there a service like localbitcoins.com for Litecoin?
Mtgox account verification pending, how to withdraw my bitcoins?
Howto scale thousands of bitcoin accounts properly with bitcoind deamon?
How to move mined coins to an exchange
Which wallets belong to Satoshi Nakamoto?
Bitcoin mining on headless Ubuntu 12.04 server
Are there an infinity of public addresses for a wallet?
Does there exist a SPV-client in another language than Java?
How does Nextcoin convert 256-bit Curve25519 public keys into ~20 arabic numerals?
How Would One Premine an AltCoin?
Economics article on BitCoin
Is it possible to get the network to accept a partially signed multisig transaction?
Completely confused with mutisig address and scripts
Where exactly is the "off-by-one" difficulty bug?
Is wallet.dat transferable between OS?
Can a brainwallet passphrase be derived if an attacker has obtained the private keys of an empty wallet.dat file?
Why do outputs need to be spent entirely?
Can more bitcoins be transferred to a paper wallet address once it is created?
Is it safe to reuse a Bitcoin address?
How to explore transaction chain via Original Bitcoin API as blockexplorer does it
getrawtransaction method in details
Why on bitcoin client sender address is 'undefined'
GUIminer, unnable to connect to pool
What is 42Coin? Why it is highly priced?
How to determine if a BTC payment has been done
Can I mine with an E5 2620 CPU?
Satoshi's bitcoind implementation bugs
What are the most popular crypto currencies after Bitcoin?
Where is Australia's second bitcoin ATM machine?
Bfgminer 3.10.0 not submitting shares (scrypt)
How do BTC payments work at real-world shops?
Bitcoin mobile phone wallet
How do I run Separate Mining Devices With BFGMINER?
Backing up my bitcoin wallet - is wallet.dat all I care about?
What do the details on bfgminer mean
Where does Trezor get UTXOs from?
What is a stealth address?
Bitcoincharts API get mtgox bid value
Multi-Signature Transaction - Verify First Signature is Valid?
What is the best consumer grade hardware for litecoin mining?
How to export public key for an address in bitcoin-qt?
Is it possible to view unconfirmed transactions with the bitcoin client?
What is the format of the coinbase transaction?
gen option on bitcoind: testing
Backup wallet of single account
Help - Running R9 290x graphics card headless in Linux
Is it safe to share my BTCGuild API key?
does cgminer re-calculate every nonce from ASIC?
Once a coin name has been created is there anything stopping another coin being created with the exact same name?
Where can one find the listing of the 3-call letters for all of the altcoins?
Do multi-signature transactions make a 'bitcoin kickstarter' possible? And what state are the bitcoins in, in the meantime?
Can I write my own pool software by using bitcoin API?
How do buy and sell orders work?
How long to earn fractions of bitcoin
Recovering Bitcoin / Litcoin wallet with partial PyWallet recovery
Write an android application
mining pool with eloipool, fires up port but cannot connect
What are the drawbacks of using a web based wallet and how to overcome that?
How to Create Wallet using Bitcoind
Bitminter Blocks: why didn't my balance change?
Bitcoin charts: Moving average or exponential moving average
How to Create Wallet for Website
Simple cryptsy market price observer HOW?
How do mining contracts work?
Is the minimum fee considered when a full P2P node validates a Tx?
Are Mastercoin addresses Bitcoin addresses?
Merged mining scrypt coins
Instantaneous exchange/conversion of bitcoin into cash
Why is the transaction fee a multiple of the amount I want to send?
Can mining with lots of laptops make money?
How long does it take to earn back the investment of a miner?
How can one estimate the difficulty change?
How does the network adjust the rate at which the coins are created?
Build an online wallet service with Bitcoind, can it scale? If not, what can be done?
How does the network decide the appropriate rate at which to create bitcoins?
Where can I find the bitcoind bundled with bitcoin-qt in Ubuntu?
Bitcoin exchange setup
Understanding Shares in Pool Mining
Using a wallet generated from an out of sync client with a synced client
JSON RPC: Fatal error: Uncaught exception 'Exception' with message 'Request error: Array'
What is short pseudocode for determining the total number of bitcoins mined?
How secure is zero confirmations?
Could the bitcoin protocol be used to defeat logins and passwords?
How to use the bootstrap.dat in Mavericks?
Transaction id from a multisig address
What is necessary for a Hotel to accept Bitcoin as a payment method?
What parameters are used to calculate the challenge string during bitcoin mining (blockchain creation)?
Is it profitable to mine any Altcoin in the Cloud? Amazon aws has servers with GPU.
How to store cryptocurrencies safely?
How to get private key from litecoin-qt wallet?
Where/How does Bitcoin-qt check for receives to it's addresses?
Why can't we design a bitcoin that does useful work?
Anonymity while sending payment
Why are transactions with no outputs not relayed by default?
BitcoinJ without PeerNetwork
How can one gauge the reliability, customer service, and transparency of bitcoin exchanges?
The effects of a 'buy wall' on the market?
Can the Bitcoin script make a Google search?
Correct use of the word Bitcoin
How to charge a fee to process Bitcoin payments in a mobile point of sale app?
Looking for testnet coins
Is there an implemented color coin demo for bitcoin?
Why doesn't my balance bought on Coinbase show up on Blockchain.info?
What does "new block detected on network before long poll" mean?
How do people actually try double-spends?
Would it be possible to convert low-end ASICs designed for mining Bitcoin into Litecoin mining rigs?
How do I transfer my wallet?
BIP-0016 p2sh keys and altcoins
How is RonPaulCoin different from Bitcoin/Litecoin?
How can using Bitcoin with Tor improve privacy?
Non-profit balking at linking bank account to BitPay
How to fix "Failed to resolve (?wrong URL) cgminer.exe --bmsc-options"
Is it possible to spend outputs with very small amounts?
Can I mine Quark on Linux?
Bitcoind JSON-RPC - getbalance with 0 confirmations not included
Questions about Bitcoin mining hardware and in pools
CPUMiner - Do I also need to download Bitcoin client and 15gb chain?
Can Cryptocoins be spent through payment services?
Bitcoin as an investment?
Transferring Bitcoins from Wallet to Wallet
Can I buy a Bitcoin from one exchange and sell it on another?
cURL to Bitcoin-Qt on Mac fails
Can I set up cgminer to mine in different pools, by a defined ratio?
How to get last transactions made to a non-wallet bitcoin address?
What would happen if there were two "disjoined" versions of bitcoin with the same popularity?
Trouble compiling CopperLark on Ubuntu 12.04
Trying to download miner but Google Chrome marks them as malicious/malware
How can Bitcoin solve societal problems caused by capitalism?
Does any university accept bitcoin to take course fee?
Looking to start mining litecoin/altcoin
I am eager to know details about distribution of bitcoin
How are colored coins enforced?
Why doesn't a change address just point back to the address that sent the transaction?
Does the 256-bit integer secret exponent define the X, Y pair?
Bitcoin deposit doesnt show up
What is the approximate hashrate of a human?
Are Namecoins obsolete with the upcoming Bitcoin 0.9?
Viewing .bit Domain Names in Firefox
calculate fees for shorting Bitcoin on exchanges
Can Bitcoin incorporate the scripting protocols of Ethereum without a fork?
Bitcoin without mining
Escrow multisig output tx
How to deterministically generate large number of bitcoin addresses and monitor them
Armory takes 8 Hours to sync. Is it going to get worse as Bitcoin becomes more popular?
multisig tx 1 out of 2
Is there any way to "revoke" a bitcoin address?
Can I trust the peers I am connected to?
If I backup my wallet.dat once, am I forever safe?
Location of blockchain locally on different platforms, and structure of blockchain file?
I transferred BTC from mtgox and they have disappeared - What should/can I do?
Unclear Trade Volumes on Bitcoin Charts
Bitcoind JSON-RPC - PHP user handling
Transactions not showing up in bitcoind log?
MtGox Transaction IDs are internal or bitcoin issued?
Import bitaddress.org wallet into Bitcoin-Qt client?
Tracking a specific Bitcoin to make it represent something else, which could then be traded without trust
Merged mining: are there any ways to prevent it?
How to find a list of all nodes in a p2pool network?
Are there any _severe_ drawbacks of bitcoin justifying all the alternatives?
Which scripts are currently considered standard and therefore actually propagated?
Bitcoin security/vulnerability on computer backed up by cloud?
Will old accepted blocks ever be removed?
When I make a transaction, how is it broadcasted to other clients?
Why do merchants accept Bitcoin as valid currency?
no schema for stratum
Does all big retailer accept bitcoins?
Bitcoin-qt Show Transaction Details
P2Pool for Dogecoin error - too many open files
Cannot get Bitcoin-QT to run in testnet mode
Cannot synchronize with Bitcoin in testnet mode
Why would you rather mine Bitcoins than Litecoin? What am I missing?
Bitcoin "accounts" feature - Is it practical or scalable?
Mining: Memory clock speed theory
Block Hashing Data
How secure are current deterministic wallets?
bitcond and bitcoin-Qt system configuration and bandwidth requirements
How to add worker through API?
Integrating Bitcoin payment methods to a UK Opencart store?
Is the RAM or the computing power more important for the hashrate?
node-bitcoin express rpc
Using bitcoinj to discover peers and download the block chain
Given a list of buy/sell orders and previous trades, compute a buy/sell price
Problem with receiving bitcoins on my VPS
Stratum + MPOS pool question
Getting Public Key for transaction in electrum
Order books, matching exact price or closest price?
Is it possible to pay part of a Bitcoin to someone?
Scrypt (Litecoin) memory / performance tradeoff
How can I copy an address (with the private key) using JSON-RPC?
CGMiner settings so that Photoshop usage isn't slow
GPU mining better for BTC or LTC?
Any need for coinbase field in coinbase transaction?
Why should I start using bitcoins?
How to download Bitcoin block headers from Blockchain.info and save to file?
Litecoin miner crash with no apparent reason
Does btc-e require verification for coin to USD conversion
Why doesn't the number of shares in my miner match the number of shares reported by my pool?
How are bit coins valued?
Why does the Satoshi client not use blocking synchronous communication with peers?
What is a worker?
Isn't bribe smearing possible because no payee signature is required?
Is there a way to generate a brain wallet from the command line or console?
Why does my wallet say that I have 0.00BTC and 8.91 unconfirmed, when I had done nothing with them?
What future can bitcoin have if more and more countries will ban it?
What's the rationale of using ECDSA instead of RSA?
Is there a standard procedure for refunding Bitcoin transactions?
What the maximum number of txout in a transaction?
Specify which CPU threads are used using cpuminer
How is the wallet balance split across keys?
What is the relation between the bitcoin address and the corresponding private key?
Why does pool latency matter?
How does "rounds" compare to "blocks"?
What is the best way to buy bitcoin for long term investment to sell for cash later?
How can I create a new Genesis Block?
Has the Bitcoin network surpassed the total computing capacity of all the general purpose computers in the world?
Not getting merged mined coins on p2pool
Where can I find an overview of Bitcoin exchange APIs?
Orders and "fills" are confusing!
How does this OpenCL BTC private-key cracker work? Is it a real threat to bitcoins?
Who proposed the XBT ticker for Bitcoin and why is it used over the more logical XBC ticker?
what is the mathematical problem in each block which is difficult to solve?
Wallet as daemon, what's the security-concern about "rpcallowip"?
MultiBit: I clicked on Close Wallet and now i don't find a wallet
How can I configure to solo-mine, and use a mining-pool as failover?
Is it any open source Bitcoin exchange available
How do I set up a fee for my p2pool node?
If I sent Bitcoins to family in Europe, would they be able to convert it to physical cash?
Who wrote the actual bitcoin software?
would universal use of arbitrage bot stabilize the market?
How to retrieve all transactions from bitcoind?
Plain text for the Bitcoin symbol
Can't send raw transaction. Bitcoind error: {"code":-22,"message":"TX rejected"}
How to ignore balance check to cancel unconfirmed transaction (double spending)
How often should I call getblocktemplate?
Not able to install coinpunk on centos and ubuntu server
Bitcoin QT Rpc Transaction date format
AVA0: Get avalon read got err 0
How can a website detect when bitcoins have been deposited?
USB hub busy when mining Peercoin with Red Fury ASIC running Minepeon
cgminer not accepting or rejecting
Bitcoind daemon keeps getting "killed" on AWS
Is it possible to retrieve bitcoins from a Bitcoin address and possibly a private key?
Bitcoin Mining Through VPN
Should you protect your Bitcoin address like your credit card number?
coinbase receiving addresses reused!
When running a mining pool how many (super)nodes should I connect to?
Problems with Antminer U1 - why doesn't it work?
Can you transfer Bitcoins from one address to another address directly without going through the web?
Are there any resources for creating your own coin?
How do I buy something from someone with bitcoin?
AltCoins based on Scrypt - How to do transactions with PHP?
Where to find P2pool networks.py settings for altcoins?
Is my cgminer (scrypt) working / Mining on middlecoin pool
Creating a fake transaction
Can each Bitcoin and Satoshi be uniquely identified?
cgminer api-allow using dns instead of IP address
How to check status of an order on BTC-e API?
Block first transaction
How can I import blockchain.dat into bitcoind?
Talking to bitcoind thru web browser returns empty JSON document
Searching through the blockchain
What hash rate should I expect using a BiFury with USB2.0 rather than USB3.0?
What is the conversion then for MH/s to GH/s and so on
Middlecoin vs Wafflepool vs multipool.us
Creating secure architecture and payout process
How to determine how many coins have been mined regardless of block count in main.cpp
Get notified of incoming Bitcoin transaction, as soon as it broadcasted
How do you redeem a compressed key?
Is it possible to know my ip address by simply connecting to the Bitcoin network?
Bitcoin Testnet is not working
Why are the blocks out of order?
How can I restore my dogecoin wallet (android client)
How would a decentralised exchange work?
Is it possible to generate a complete public address with vanitygen?
What happens on my computer when I mine in a pool?
Is there a limit on number of transactions included in a block?
Is it legal to start a Litecoin mining pool in the US?
How can I mine dogecoins on debian?
How to create bitcoin wallet by PHP
How do I own my bitcoin address?
Before Mining Genesis Block
Import private key to coinbase?
safely delete the blockchain from .bitcoin directory
How to fully decode a coinbase transaction?
When transferring money between a bank and bitcoin exchanges, might the bank suspend my account?
Found my old wallet, is it empty?
Created an HTML5 Game, best way to integrate Bitcoin?
Cryptsy account got hacked
Does this FinCEN Document mean the Bitcoin Network is a bank?
Complete Explanation of Mining
Exception in Boost library when running bitcoind.exe
Funds from coinbase never showed in my Multibit wallet
How can this input address have multiple values at the same time?
Where are the blocks in the blockchain stored?
Is it possible to remove my bitcoins from the Bitcoin network?
How old does one need to be in order to mine or use Bitcoins?
What app should I use to import my wallet keys?
Make remote RPC connection to bitcoind server secure
Mining with BFL at 440 GHS over 24 Hours and no bitcoin?
Official Canadian source saying bitcoin is not legal tender?
Can long time taken for confirmations become blocker for bitcoin adopotion?
What is the difference between a wallet and paired keys?
Confusion over BTC value - MtGox vs CoinDesk
How to monitor large number of public addresses
Are there estimates on the geographical distribution of the bitcoin supply?
How to verify signed bitcoin messages on my own website?
How do I set up my machine to process transactions and earn the transaction fees?
How do I get the temperature of my USB Miner?
How were the first 169 blocks mined if no transactions occured before block 170?
What are the most popular CPU/GPU miners with scrypt-jane support
How to convert a transaction into hex before using the sendrawtransaction API?
Hash speed attack
What is the chance of someone (randomly) finding the private key for an existing Bitcoin address?
Can you help with Bitcoin block hashing algorithm ( PHP, C, Python, Javascript)?
Bitcoin QR codes: raw address or Bitcoin URI scheme
Unable to connect to litecoin-qt server from more than 3-4 machines
What's the purpose of the WalletLocator field in Ripple accounts?
Are pseudo-random number generation algorithms good enough to cover all possible Bitcoin addresses?
How can I move bitcoin-qt blockchain data to bitcoind daemon?
Can I earn transaction fees by running as a full node, verifying transactions, but not mining?
Can someone confirm that my GPUs are working correctly?
Is there an efficient and secure way to transmit bitcoins over shortwave radio?
Trouble building Dogecoind on OS X
Entry point hardware for profitable mining
Mining bitcoin using cudaminer?
Are the addresses in my Wallet client considered to be all as only 1 account or wallet?
How to dump all of addresses from wallet.dat for other alt-coins?
Does Amit Sahai's indistinguishability obfuscator enable Autonomous Virtual Corporations or "Agents"?
Bitcoin trade to money you receive at Neteller to your Neteller creditcard?
Who will verify any transaction when the upper bound to total number of bitcoins is reached?
How to connect my mining pool to another mining pool
What is Maxcoin?
Where can I buy Litecoins in Canada?
Retrieving all the funds from BIP32 derived wallets
cgminer with two R9 290 giving me headaches
How does the Kimoto Gravity Well regulate difficulty?
Why API of bitcoin exchanges use HMAC over HTTPS/SSL?
New Bitcoin-Qt install but can't set passphrase
What value should nonce be when mining bitcoin ?
Constantly monitor bitcoin wallet using Python/Django?
Ignoring the difficulty set by the pool
What is the role of bitcoin wallets?
Are Web Wallets Secure?
How do bitcoin qt sign signature/messages work?
How do mining pools work?
How to interact with bitcoind using C++?
Cryptocurrency from Scratch?
How do I get my purchsed bitcoins from a old bitcoin wallet?
Quick question about wallets
How do I get a Wallet address?
How are offers matched up on Ripple trades?
Clean blockchain?
How can I make repeating transactions over a given interval? (time, blocks, or times replayed?)
Solo mining: gen=1 needed when using minerd?
Can Bitcoin save the U.S. Post Office
Apple Removes Blockchain Bitcoin Wallet Apps from its App Stores
Does blockchain.info's json-rpc api return invalid json?
Which is better to use, Armory or MultiBit and why?
Will mining Bitcoin slow or stop other computers on my home network?
Read failed error while wallet transfer
Does sending coins to someone incur fees?
Transfer BTC between two wallet in two different devices?
Simulate an FPGA/ASIC on RAM for mining?
Why does Mt gox BTC price discounted with other exchanges?
What encoding or format is the private key in Dumpprivkey?
Overview of the fee structure and strategy to minimize fees?
Would it be theoretically possible to make a Cryptocurrency in a scripting language like PHP, Python, or Ruby?
Setting up remote bitcoin server control PHP
Electrum Offline Storage - two different OS, multiple wallets
Mining with intel HD 4000
How to get difficulty for Bitcoin and other coins
Reindexing of blockchain using bitcoin qt v8.5 using 427% of Macbook CPU
What happens if your transaction is never confirmed?
What does the curve used in Bitcoin, secp256k1, look like?
Should I keep my bitcoin-qt wallet running all the time?
Can ripple currency units be integers?
How to apply my bitcoin address generated offline to online
My Bitcoin wallet doesn't synchronize
How do I trade dogecoin for money?
Does a miner (or mining pool) who has 10x as much hashing power have 10x the odds of mining a block?
Force sender to include transaction fee
how to determine bitcoin price
Selecting a computer for the OFFLINE Electrum Wallet
How much space does the blockchain take up per day and per hour when running bitcoinQT on my computer?
How to scan a QR code into bitcoinQT armory?
Pros and Cons of using HDD or USB Flash drive (script mining)?
In which ways is Earthcoin different from Bitcoin?
Is Ripple's UNL list maintained by the network?
Ripple network overhead
Is there an open source clone of SatoshiDice that works on altcoins?
Is this "transaction malleability" really an issue?
Where can I access the original, Satoshi written Bitcoin code?
Why GPU (cgminer) scrypt mining generates so many false-positive nonces?
What JSON RPC commands are suitable for a multi-tenant wallet service?
How to use Bitaddress.org and Blockchain.info with Testnet coins?
How does the "failover" setting in cgminer work?
Double spend attempts examples on testnet?
Just installed armory + bitcoinQT synced. It takes a total of 40GB of space?
Need sample compressed and uncompressed Public / Private key pairs for BigInteger
Transaction to Coinbase not showing up in account
When was MyBitcoin created?
What encoding is "pubkey" from the JSONRPC validateaddress command?
Is it sufficient to backup the private keys of my android Dogecoin Wallet?
How to set Dogecoin Wallet Encryption?
Dogecoin wallet console use full commands?
What is Transaction Malleability?
How would you store a bitcoin wallet for a small bitcoin exchange?
Is there a service that allows to hedge for bitcoin and has an API?
Is difficult hashing algorithm necessary?
How to establish connection for mining testnet blocks on newly created altcoin
What is block forwarding logic of the Satoshi Client?
How the BTC-e could dive to 102 points (from 700) and the recover back to 700
What parts of Bitcoin (litecoin etc) are Little Endian?
Effect of internet connection speed on solo mining
How can somebody steal the Genesis block?
For Application Development is bitcoind RPC the Only Way?
I have received 0.00000001 BTC random payment and the status symbol is a pentagram?
Is there a signature format, or cryptography has *only one* possible S value?
Why satoshi client's UPnP part maps to a fixed external port (8333 by default)?
Transaction Malleability in the blockchain
How can I track transactions in a way that is not affected by their malleability?
Is transaction malleability an issue in Ripple?
How do I find out the miners fee for my transaction using Blockchain.info API?
Could Bitcoin dust spam be effectively combatted by actually including it in the block-chain?
When are private Keys created on Wallets?
New version of Bitcoin Wallet is signed with a different key
Why is an invalid pubkey accepted in the blockchain?
How much Bitcoin volume is for purchasing stuff versus trading/speculation/investment?
Is there a website that compares the features of different cryptocoins?
How does a bitcoin transaction enter the network?
Should there be a minimum transaction limit to prevent dust spam?
Connecting to Bitcoin wallet outside of LAN to 'Solo' Mine
Wouldn't the "malleable transaction" attack be foiled by common sense?
Is price volatility necessarily a bad thing?
Why is Bitcoin better than other cryptocurrency?
How do people know that less than 1000 people own 50% of all bitcoins?
Low hashrate with cgminer 3.7.2 kalroth edition @ ubuntu 13.10 x64 @ R9 290 MSI GAMING EDITION @ 16 gb ram @ core i7 860
How to download bitaddress.org to use offline?
CPU bottleneck and Scrypt mining?
How to use Bitcoinj to authenticate signed messages?
Tx Malleability: Why is the Script not included in the Signed Hash?
0 accepted out of 460? Will my shares be accepted eventually?
Mine valid but nonstandard transactions
Ripple node compensation
Running builds from pull-tester on windows results in crash on startup
Bitcoin - differences between address, account and wallet
Transaction fees when a block chain is discarded
How widespread is OP_RETURN forwarding and mining (as of February 2014)?
Add a Watch-only Wallet in Bitcoind
Automatically Get Bitcoin Difficulty, Bitcoins/Block, Exchange Rate Statistics
How many throws of a dice are necessary to defeat a brute force attack?
Is it possible to create a cryptocurrency that has a fixed value?
Transaction I never made
What is the normalized transaction hash of a transaction?
Multibit balance per address
why does Indian Bitcoin exchanges offer huge spreads( Bid and Ask)?
Is bitcoin deflation a bad thing?
How can a Ripple contract use random values and reach consensus?
Avoiding Bitcoin malleable bug with implementation
Is using a new address for each transaction pointless when applied to a donation button on a private website?
How do I get all the latest transactions from Bitcoin network using Python?
What exactly did `Bitcoin-Qt -rescan -reindex` do?
Does the Bitcoin client not record original signature data per connection?
MultiBit sends BTC to different adress then I wanted
Bitcoin mining by using solar energy. Is it possible?
calling getaccount rpc method on foreign address
CGMiner freezing on anything above intensity 16
huobi.com API to get latest trade price, bids and asks?
isn't miner collusion rational?
is transaction malleability a threat to my local wallet?
What trust am I placing where when I use Electrum?
Alternative chain shows blocks with empty TXIDs - what's going on?
Bitcoin/Dogecoin Daemon RPC authentication - 401 status error
Cudaminer On Mac OS X installation error: "malloc.h: No such file or directory"
Can bitcoind/bitcoin-qt (via RPC or command-line-options) be used to discover when two competing best-blocks exist?
What happens if I send a Bitcoin to an address no one owns?
What is the reason for other coins appearing like FTC and LTC?
Is there a minimum time to be mining a pool to have any results?
Could I store a bitcoin private key value in a Name Coin?
What do I do with a bitcoin I recieved?
There are Argentina's friends?I want to buy BTC with Pesos
History of cold boot attacks on Proof-of-Stake miners
Will the performance of calculating the balance for an address degrade over time?
How will Bitcoin deal with the year 2106 problem?
Can an FPGA for mining be used to crack deterministic keys?
What's the advantage of bitpay over coinbase for a merchant solution?
Why was transaction malleability ever allowed?
Can people associate one blockchain address with another?
Can the bitcoin network hashrate be used for a 51% attack on other coins?
Is there a way to stop someone from giving me bitcoins to an address that I own
Is it safe not to record private keys for paper wallets?
Compiled Bitcoin Client as Testnet with bitcoin.conf
How can there be multiple outputs with same address in the same transaction?
Altcoin confirmations and safety - wait ~6 confirmations, or ~1 hour?
Is transaction malleability an issue when receiving payments?
gettransaction (The remote server returned an error: (500) Internal Server Error.)
What would happen if 90% of the Bitcoin miners suddenly stopped mining?
What is the NTX ID that Mt. Gox refer to in their Feb 17th Statement?
Why does Github say that the Bitcoin project is 74% TypeScript?
Fees for bitcoind sendmany, limits for number of end addresses
how to get clients sync status via API
Please help, stuck at static 24Mhash/s?
Do I need to wait for blockchain to complete to use private key elsewhere?
How would an Auditor ("m") of BIP32 audit the keys generated by the master?
Bitcoin daemon sends "Empty reply from server" when in test net
Can anyone explain the differences in behavior of getrawtransaction and gettransaction in RPC?
Possible to buy bitcoin at MtGox at $259 and sell for $635 at BitStamp at 18th February 2014?
ECIES - When is it bad to sign and encrypt using the same keys?
What does it mean to build an online Bitcoin Wallet service?
How do I find out the reward value of a generated block
Trying to import a private key into bitcoind
Workers aren't showing up in ghash.io
Is ASIC Bitcoin Mining Profitable?
Can ISP intercept network messages to identify the IP of the transaction issuer?
Bitcoind doesn't find transactions / synchronize / update until last block from Testnet
What are the differences between the transaction and block versions? (v1, v2, v3, etc..)
Data type limit boundary in difficulty
In a perfect world, should RIPE160 be used as the block ID or transaction ID?
Checks to Verify money sent to any address in a transaction
Are there any cryptocurrencies with no mining beyond participation?
Are Bitcoin transactions really "frictionless" given confirmation time?
bitcoin wallet validation/vetting
call bitcoin API from Remote PC
I want to use another wallet.dat file with bitcoin-qt. Is this possible?
Am I making a lot of dust in my wallet?
At what point does the criminal get caught?
Why is Enjoy Sochi a malicious spam attack
How to get coin address balance from *coind server?
How do I find the transaction ID of what I just transacted?
Does it hurt the network to reuse addresses?
Bitcoin CreateMultiSig in PHP always returning FALSE
LiteCoin Wallet balance does not match block-explorer.com
Withdraw bitcoin to Philippine bank account
How to close debug window (qt client on linux)
What escrow system does the official Bitcoin bounty progam use?
dogecoind won't read conf
Android Bitcoin Wallet, zero balance after keys import
Running two bitcoin instances on a linux server, can't get peers on second instance
how to transfer coin using bitcoin rest API
why we can't delete the trust line with ripple?
SignRawTransaction - What is scriptPubKey and redeemScript? [SOLVED]
Installed Bitcoin-QT on windows2008r2 server, but it won't snyc anything at all
Is it possible to verify or audit an exchange to determine how much bitcoin they have on deposit?
I have 8 Antminers, is there a way I could change their pool credentials all at the same time like through ssh with a script
Can I use one graphics card for games and one for Bitcoin mining, without losing performance?
Ubuntu Server vs Desktop for mining PC
worker keeps getting temp banned with sgminer
Transactions show up on blockchain but not in multibit?
As a Bitcoin Trader, what tools are available to execute trades?
Is there a lightweight blockchain parser library/server?
Having trouble getting poclbm to work on linux, Segmentation fault
How do I get started, what hardware do I use?
how does one map a transaction number to a block with just the bitcoind client?
Huge price difference between mtgox and others - why?
signrawtransaction - Which private key from BitAddress.org?
interpreting coin base api historical price data
How to build a bitcoinj checkpoint file
Bitcoins for Cash at Bitcoin ATMs
How can I create 50,000+ bitcoin addresses in my wallet?
Crashing problem when running 2 x 7950's on Corsair CX750 in mining rig
Coinbase maturity of 100 transactions
How can I avoid transaction malleability consequences?
Would it be possible to have an ARM hashing based Cryptocurrency?
Help understand multi-signature transactions
Help understanding the blockchain
Bitcoin Binary Options - What are they and is it a Scam?
How does one programmatically "walk-back" on the block chain?
BFGMiner vs. CGMiner
Provably fair unknown event time for Bitcoin gambling
How was the new target for block 32256 calculated?
Can I have a transaction where the source and destination are the same?
Why do my transactions show I received 1 satoshi?
In ScriptSig, which form of the public key is considered canonical?
Why do some pools require a worker name with an underscore and others require a period?
Auto Adding Devices to BFGMiner
"always spend all balance of paper wallets" - Then why am I using my paper-wallet for multiple transactions without any problem?
Why aren't Bitcoin transactions processed and verified by normal Bitcoin clients?
How could BTC be used and transacted on a daily basis without physical theft?
Is Vertcoin really ASIC resistant?
coin specifications values in source code
More receive addresses with electrum
Is Electrum Cryptographically Secure?
Compiled and modified source wont work with server=1
Is there a way to stop a man-in-the-middle attack when communicating addresses?
Bitcoin online game integration
Bitcoin usage for underage children
Previously functional Bock Erupter Cubes suddenly throwing errors and will not mine
Anybody using bitcore.io? I can't seem to make it work properly
Configure CPU Scrypt miner
What is the correct Base58 encoding for this uncompressed Public Key RipeMD hash with a zeros in bits 31, 32, or 33?
I have/had 31 bitcoins on MtGox; What are my options now?
Does a new block necessarily include all transactions that occurred before its generation? What about network latency?
Butterfly Jalapeño for Dogecoin?
How safe is my USD deposit at Bitstamp?
How to check on speed of the syncronizing progress?
Why is the disappearance of Mt Gox a problem?
Stuck duplicate transaction in BitcoinQT
can cryptocoins be put to good use? now or in the future?
Is there any academic research on the influences of Bitcoin's long term valuation?
Solving a block and share relationship [pool mining]
Are there any works of science fiction out there that relate to blockchain technology?
What temperature should a USB ASIC Miner have while running?
Can a cold storage bitcoin wallet become obsolete?
Is it possible to add a miner's fee after you send your bitcoins?
How to set the exchange for MultiBit Wallet Currency Ticker?
Where can I find information on how many PenniesCENT have already been mined?
Which clients offer a way to replace unconfirmed transactions?
Doest 'coinbasevalue' in GBT call include fees, or just the total block value?
How do I test my wallet backup?
Can I run a miner on the same computer as a P2Pool node?
bitcoind sendfrom round amount error
Does the Mt Gox attack constitute theft of Bitcoins or just a Denial-of-Service attack?
Can I view .bit domains without having internet through my ISP provider?
Is there a wallet like Multibit for Litecoin?
Resources for multisignature transactions?
Do PCI USB risers lower the hashing rate?
Miners don't detect ASIC Devices
Can mining puzzles be made socially valuable?
How can non-Coinbase customers pay to Coinbase from Android?
Any single transaction has vin and vout values. How can I tell the address of the originator and receiver?
How credit/debit card chargebacks can be used
If Bitcoin addresses are truely random, then why are some more difficult to generate than others?
Is there a database of all transactions?
Coins with memory-intensive mining
Why do exchanges have a buy/sell column in their trade history?
Just-Dice or some other Gambling API?
Detailed overview over old exchange rate
Bitcoin from an economic standpoint?
Is there a wallet app for iPhones?
What is anonymous and safe api to get bitcoin Exchange Rates?
Confusion over 'change' when transferring funds from bitstamp to paper wallet
Do mining clients affect efficiency of mining?
blockchain.info html5 site
Deposits to an Offline Wallet
I am new to Bitcoin, how can I get started?
Decode transaction
Trickle Exchange System?
I live in viet nam and I want to buy bitcoin. How would I do that?
Issue running cgminer from crontab
How many characters you need to mistype at minimum to get another valid address?
Security and recover issues in blockchain.info wallet
Spend BTCs from a paper wallet
How to make a transaction start from a given address?
MtGox money completely lost?
Is it possible to do a digital charge on delivery (COD)?
Warning: Displayed transactions may not be correct!
ALT coin daemon maxes out CPU
Bitcoins mysteriously transferred out of my wallet?
Are Bitcoin signatures currency specific?
Setup cgminer on Ubuntu 12.04 (im getting libudev.so.1 not found error)
How can I get all the Bitcoin transactions data since its inception?
What is the source of 1 Satoshi transactions from suspicious addresses (1Sochi.. for e.g.)
What other currencies have same malleability vulnerability as Bitcoin?
CreateRawTransaction and SendRawTransaction how to specify transaction fee?
Can I buy stocks with Bitcoin?
What is the function of the payload_checksum field in the Bitcoin protocol
Safest method while actually logging in and using blockchain.info wallet
Fees/Taxes on Each Block Found
Is it possible to run bitcoind without downloading the blockchain?
How to start multiple altcoin rpc daemons at once?
How is the transaction malleability issue being fixed?
How to tell who mined a bitcoin?
Anyone able to run Bitcoin-Qt 0.8.6 on Mac OSX 10.9.2?
Full example data for scrypt Stratum-client
Is there a point where bitcoin mining will not be profitable?
BTC-E - Is there an official limit on frequency of requests that can be made?
BTC-e API clarifications
How did transaction malleability/DDOS attacks allow an exchange's internal accounting system to get "out of sync"?
Is there a cudaminer difficulty parameter option
How is “days destroyed” different from “amount of BTC” in existence?
How to store Bitcoin values in a MySQL database? floats are bad.... right?
Are there any mining pools that publish what transactions they will include?
How can users have confidence that there are no backdoors in paper wallet generators?
Multiple copies of wallet.dat with a constraint
Can a bitcoin transaction hold an arbitrary string or strings for reference?
Network admin blocks P2P, Bitcoin clients can't connect
How can we be sure that a new block will be found?
Transaction malleability and Bitcoind
How is Transaction malleability affected by SIGHASH flags?
CreateNewBlock : ConnectBlock Fail
Where can I get all historical trades BTC price data?
Withdraw and wallet lock race conditions?
Why are there different prices for bitcoins between exchanges?
How is a wallet's balance computed?
How to fix CoinBase pay too much error
Increase of Cryptocurrency wallet number makes all of them not work
In what ways could "bitcoin" be hacked?
BTC stuck with zero confirmations
How can I tell Bitcoin to only spend confirmed inputs and self created outputs
Bitcoin Qt message signature construction
OP_RETURN data transaction
Hypothetical situation: the Internet gets split in two, what happens with Bitcoin?
Order of transactions within a block
How much money is a double spend worth?
if theft of bitcoin doesn't affect bitcoin value
reflecting badly on the organization
Does blockchain.info retain the wallet password in client-side memory?
Is it possible to create a unified client that manages multiple cryptocurrencies?
Ripple ledger time format?
digitalcoin wallet won't sync
Can a Wallet Generated by Linux Multibit Client be Used with Windows Multibit client?
Where can I get tick by tick historical BTC volume data?
Are hacked bitcoins spendable
How to create a bootstrap.dat file?
I would like to exchange my mining earning to real cash in my bank account, then should I mine Bitcoin or Litecoin?
Given that contracts can be formed in the blockchain using scripts, couldn't a contract include a mechanism for facilitating chargebacks?
So how would someone steal coins from my site?
How do I cancel my blockchain transaction (still unconfirmed)?
What is the reference algorithm for validating a Bitcoin address?
What does the mining difficulty number really mean?
What happens if I send bitcoins to my private key instead of my actual bitcoin address?
Why is it so difficult to track & recover stolen Bitcoins?
How to prove to my landlord that bitcoin came from my wallet?
Is it possible to trace BTC or cryptocurrencies?
What is my private key?
why is cgminer slowing down over time?
Why the "Unspent Transaction Output Set" is called "UTXO", not "UTOS"?
What kind of fee doesn't change the amount?
We need help with Reddcoin C++ - 1 btc bounty for solution
Why is mining difficulty increasing?
Aborted escrow transaction
What happens if I fork an older block chain and rejoin the network later?
Problem to start bitcoin-qt
pending payment
How to store wallets online?
Bitcoin/blocks folder up to 17gb
mtgox failure... any implications for bitcoin/ecurrency protocol design?
What is wallet.dat.gpg?
How to compile source
Is it possible to create a Bitcoin URI with multiple outputs?
how to earn a transaction fee for transactions originating from my client
Bitcoin blockchain search algorithm and consistency policy
Are there decentralized bitcoin asset management systems out there?
Are pools share rewards equivalent to the power/hash rate input of a mining machine
Using a blockchain type system for different purposes
What is this transaction, I did not make
Are there any clients that allow for multiple wallets and API acccess?
Today's threshold difficulty at 3,9 what would a miner need to go solo
Double spend in transaction with multiple inputs
would 10 x 2TH/s machines give me the possibility to mine solo
How does the satoshi client handle endianness?
What is point of encrypting wallet, if Bitcoin API's sendtoaddress needs passphrase?
Exchange API - more frequent high and low value
"Can't detect any devices"
How do I start accepting bitcoins legally in Canada?
How many different hybrid miners out there now that can mine bitcoin + litecoin at the same time? And where is a reliable source to buy them?
Trying to calculate the strength of a brainwallet created with a custom diceware
what is the difference between a private pool or solo mining
Paper wallet generated client side and off network is not necessarily secure
Where is the code that specifies when a block is released?
Why would a transaction take 90 minutes to get confirmed?
Which private key format is this?
Does Blockchain.info track IP addresses?
How can Auroracoin be the 4th crypto-coin by market cap if it's unreleased yet?
How to decrypt asm?
Can I cancel an offline transaction with this approach? (opposite of nLocktime)
How much trust is placed on Satoshi Nakamoto?
Can I sign and redeem many outputs at the same time? (shrink the size of a tx Input)
How can a bitcoin exchange prove its solvency while maintaining privacy?
How can I prevent Armory from getting stuck at "30 seconds" Building Databases on OSX 10.9?
What if duplicate wallet addresses are created?
Are multi-sig M-of-N transactions with N > 3 supported?
wemineltc.com Unpaid Shares went back to zero on miner restart
Share is above target when switching between stratums
What are the weakest cryptographic guarantees in Bitcoin?
5gpu 2psu scrypt mining rig shuts down 1hour later
How do I set up a free Bitcoin eStore
When computing a normalized transaction id, when do I finalize the sha256 hash?
Restore New Funds after Blockchain Backup
Is there a way to pay my credit card balance with bitcoins?
Installed latest Bitcoin-Qt, fully synced, but 'getreceivedbyaddress' etc doesn't work?
What compatibility issues might be expected when using the MegaCoin wallet on Wine?
Cannot connect to bitcoin-qt server
can I run two nodes on LAN?
Send addresses in Bitcoin Wallet for Android
Could the standard pay to address script be simpler? e.g. no compare of the HASH160?
Is it important to buy Bitcion hardware to start mining?
Within the Bitcoin ecosystem where are wallet addresses stored/reserved?
Verification of transaction once trasaction is broadcasted
Test failure for Multibit on Windows
How does ScriptPubKey know the public key of an Bitcoin address?
how to run bitcoind server on a ubuntu 13.04 server
All about bitcoin
Why can addresses be shorter than 34 bytes?
What can a US citizen do regarding the theft of Mt Gox PII data (Passports, etc)
What's up with all the QR codes?
Should I use a large random value for i in BIP 32 instead of sequential?
Reliability of Auroracoin distribution model based on Kennitala (Iceland National Id)
What if the execution time for an alt coin script exceeds the block time?
How can I set up DogeCoin wallet on Ubuntu?
How do I use Blockchain.info's Receive Payments API with node JS / Express?
Sending bitcoins from wallet without downloading the blockchain or giving up control
Why is this transaction referred to as "low fee"?
How is the difficulty of bitcoin mining propagated?
cannot connect via 8333 port on website
What if a transaction is made to a wallet that doesn't exist?
Accept bitcoin on behalf of charity
What is the fastest way to determine whether an address exists on the blockchain?
Correlated raw transactions' input/output chaining
How can I send bitcoin from one address to another through the Bitcoin client/API?
Is it possible to add a transaction input to a transaction in the mempool?
What node implementations and mining pools relay and process 'non-standard' scripts?
Could Bitcoin be implemented without saving the block chain on the HDD?
Strict firewall & proxy, no stratum+tcp connectivity; what are my options?
Can i start mining with ANT MINER?
What does this mean?
Sent bitcoin with no fee, waited and bitcoins disappeared
Can I save mining fees when doing transitive transactions?
bitcoind in testnet is not synchronizing
Required number of bits in nonce
What if the brain wallet is just a memorable private key itself?
What are some valid ways to obfuscate the scriptPubKey?
How do I iterate through the entire Blockchain using RPC?
Possible to use BlockChain.info and Bitcoin-QT synced?
Does anyone have insight into how Coinbase calculates the number of confirmations for a transaction?
No Dig option in Dogecoin-QT?
Is there a precise open specification for the peercoin protocol?
Is there any way to prevent intra wallet transaction fees?
Couldn't an attacker cause online (watch-only) wallets to display malicious receiving addresses?
What are mastercoins used for in Mastercoin?
How does one claim ownership of an NXT address?
p2pool inbound connections
Proof of solvancy
How to install Abe?
How does estimated coins calculated on Coinotron?
What is the meaning of the field for "Profitability decline per year" in bitcoinx' profitability calculator?
Running bitcoin-qt on a server
should i call keypoolrefill or it's refilled automatically?
Number of transactions and transaction history don't match in XenCoinQt
walletnotify and transaction malleability
Who can see my IP address while using Electrum
TorBrowser + HTTPSEverywhere Blockchain.info wallet safe?
Pool mining website need to be logged in?
Vanitygen regular expression match
Have network DDoS attacks ever been successful on any coin?
npm / node mining for litecoins
Best strategy for using hundreds of 1 kh/s CPU litecoin miners
First block of blk00000.dat from bootstrap.dat doesn't contain genesis block
Get simple BTC value to insert it in excel sheet
What are the differences and advantages of stratum to HTTP?
Which crypto currencies have shortest payment address?
BTC denominated vs fiat denominated stock exchange?
what would happen to an assigned block if the solo miner stops mining it?
Is there an easy explanation to understand the different types of pools
P2Pool twisted error
Prices and numbers of transactions
When to check for confirmationsl
Antminer S1, how to mine on multiple pools
Risk of using pre-release test build
Qt client not exiting on Linux
Is there any relation between the block version field and the one of the transaction?
0 hashes per second in Qt for new altcoin
What are the pros/cons of changing the targeting interval (difficulty)?
Does Bitcoin's SHA256 proof make a 51% attack more likely?
BTC for political donations?
Non LuckyCoin descendant alt-coins with fair "lucky blocks"?
Why did Dogecoin fork into 3 chains and not just 2?
What happens in an extreme case if Ripple fails to make a consensus? Will that part of the network be segmented off?
How is the reward that you got after calculating the right hash added in the blockchain?
Converting multiple btc private keys in standard text format to WIP
Is it possible to send coins WITHOUT importing private key?
Cannot allocate memory
Can I make and host bitcoin wallet in my own website to get rid of using 3rd party wallets
Coin address generation for all coins
Do Bitcoin calculators give a realistic figure on pool mining
Store bitcoin transactions in mysql
Bitcoind need blockchain to sign transaction
Setting up and running CGMiner on a Raspberry Pi for a Jalapeño
Adding watch-only addresses to Blockchain.info through an API?
How do I restore a Ripple wallet backup?
Why would you pay a trading fee for Ripples?
Bitcoind Performance for production usage
Is there a way to make a crypto-currency stable by design? How?
What is the recommended OS for compiling a Windows binary for Litecoin?
What precautions should i do to avoid being scammed for Bitcoins?
Submitted blocks get rejected on Litecoin testnet
6 x GPU mining rig only installs drivers for 5
When compiling qt ld.exe: cannot find -ldb_cxx
Getting historic exchange data through an API
Has anyone attempted to rewrite the bitcoin software and protocol?
Bitcoin Exchange Api
How does BIP 0070 work for me, the user?
minerd disappears when i try to launch it with a batch file?
How do miners/clients prove a transaction is valid?
Does CPU mining become efficient as memory requirements increase?
No submitblock in altcoin?
Recover a bitcoin wallet in Hive
Is Bitcoin core V.0.9 not updated on PPA ppa:bitcoin/bitcoin?
What actually happens in a basic DAO in ethereum?
Build Namecoin from source
Manually doing what bitaddress.org does
Is there any way to send an output to a script which can then only be sent to one of two addresses?
What is the smallest sensible transaction?
To combine or not to combine
Can multiple people create one multisignature address, while keeping their private keys private?
Can someone explain nLockTime?
Why bitcoind/bitcoin-qt is imposing transaction fee?
Does selfish mining actually give an advantage in the absence of transaction fees, difficulty changes, and economic effects?
Bitcoind -walletnotify more than 6 confirmations?
How does Multi-Signature Pay 2 Script Hash (P2SH) enable stronger security?
Is it possible (in some way or other) to expire a txout?
Could an old, unconfirmed transaction fail to be processed because it is no longer deemed to have enough fees
Is it possible to monitor all crypto-coins?
Historical prices via API for major alts (not BTC)
What are transaction fees
Coinbase outgoing transaction never changed destination account balance?
Can I emulate a graphics card using software, and use it for mining?
How Do Addresses Function?
Delete bitcoin address using Pywallet
Small altcoin usage effects
How to start mining Bitcoin
Is there an up-to-date professional analysis of different "mining shield" technologies?
Banning Bitcoin through packet filtering
Where is the code that sends generated Bitcoins from mining to the wallet?
What are the methods for getting an old, used windows P.C. ready for secure Bitcoin usage?
Is my 2FA not working, or do I not understand it?
I can lose coins but they can’t be spent? Is that what they are saying?
How big is the chance of double spending for 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 confirmations?
Do payment processors who convert bitcoin to dollars (like Coinbase and Bitpay) devalue bitcoin?
How do I get my encrypted private key converted?
Is instant profitable arbitrage impossible?
Bitcoin-qt data on external drive
Where is the code that receives blocks that miners have just solved
Why is the accept / utility of one of my miners consistently higher than the others?
How accurate should pool estimation of hashing speed be?
What are the limits of m and n in m-of-n multisig addresses?
Is tighting inputs to specific outputs possible within one transaction?
How to get confirmations for incoming transactions?
Import private key on multiple computers
How is the target section of a block header calculated?
I think my bitcoin wallet was hacked. What to do?
Are there already several ways to do "smart contracts" with cryptocurrencies?
Spending own generated unconfirmed change in the v.0.9.0 era
What software do exchanges use to manage wallets?
What piece of code would allow me to check if a block has been found then run an operation?
How is over-spending one block apart prevented?
BFGminer can't find my NanoFury on Raspberry Pi
Estimated amount of Bitcoin users
Transaction Maturity vs Block maturity
transfer funds from Mt.Gox after the crash of 2014
Do all Crypto Coins use the same Wallet Format?
Http Requests Bitcoin Mining Pool?
Bitcoin Daemon - How to make a safe hotwallet?
Decentralised escrow / distributed private key generation
How to obtain the longpoll url using jsonRPCClient
What happens if I delete wallet.dat?
Is there any altcoin with improvements in blockchain download time?
BlockNotify/WalletNotify - but without the console window
A fee is added per kilobyte of data. That means 1000 bytes or 1024?
Why do people mine bitcoins when they are losing 20% a month?
does one mine bit coin at current difficulty until next difficulty is set
Can bitcoin pools set a different difficulty value other than the network difficulty
get public key from wallet.dat
X11 | multiplier & maxDiff number to multiple the shares by in order to display hashrate
How to display price of one Bitcoin on website in PHP?
Help with missing transaction
Installing ripple coin daemon and Ripple coin-QT in ubuntu gives error
Difference in hashrate between two GPUs
How can I make MultiBit go one year back and then replay the blockchain?
How to import say 1million bitcoin privkeys in bitcoind / bitcoin-qt?
What could be causing hourly bitcoin price spikes?
Anti-Transaction malleability patterns
Bonus for my friend
What are the pool node mining difficulty settings for darkcoin?
How can I find out how much bitcoin is in existence with PHP?
Programming for/modding bitcoin-qt on Windows
If more than one coin did the "mini-blockchain" proposal, would that make the weaker coin vulnerable?
Compiling Maxcoin and its clone cryptos throw an error
Can anyone without knowledge of encrypted tech use bitcoin?
Are public keys included in signatures?
Why there are blocks with single transaction in blockchain?
Would it be any cheaper to transfer US dollars to Canadian using Bitcoin?
Missing Bitcoin Transaction
How do I receive my first bitcoin?
ANXBTC.com / MTGOX v2 API "Authentication"
Specifics on "Race Double Spending Attacks"?
Bitcoin URGENTLY Need Blocks Files - Download them from some Website
Accepting Payments To Bitcoins
Delete all wallet addresses
How to fix kernel paging request error on raspberry pi miner?
Why would we ever need 10k new addresses in average per day?
How to file bitcoin income to the IRS as a nonresident alien
Can Darkcoin's Darksend be implemented on top of Bitcoin?
Multibit security — How anonymous is it?
Ws2tcpip.h and winsock2.h on Window QT Wallet
Proper way of using a Mixing Service
How do I reduce the loglevel on rippled?
How to create a SPV client?
How does cryptsy.com allocate trades for many orders with same price
A question about CTransaction::UpdateCoins() in 0.8.6
What would a new exchange need to be better than the rest?
If I accidentally delete an address with funds
How to install litecoin daemon in AMI
What are the pros and cons of premined altcoins?
Conditional scripting: how does OP_NOTIF (and OP_IF) operation(s) affect the stack?
Yield Conversion
What does the Bitcoin RPC mean and how is it used?
Can't connect locally with API
Cost of single vs multiple outputs to the same address
How exactly is network time sampled?
cgminer settings "--load-balance" vs "--balance"?
What exchanges trade with Unicoin right now?
Cloud Mining - Difficulty Increase
Lottery Mining?
What is Proof of Burn?
is Bitcoind -gen solo mining ?
Transaction fees after 0.9 protocol update
Remove address sub from blockchain websocket API
How prevalent are multisigs?
multibit balances wrong, not correct for any individual address
Do all mining pools compete to unlock same block?
How to calculate velocity of Bitcoin?
Is it theoretically possible to limit the hash rate?
Options for a Client Only C# application
How to stream transactions on the network
One Time Trial Use of Bitcoin?
Why can't I create a fork of BTC that has no difficulty changes so I can premine the rest of the coins?
Where in this web can I post what I think rather than ask about bit coin
Difficulty Trends
Forgot to add transaction fee, any way to add it now?
Miner hardware problem
How much space needed to run Bitcoin daemon in amazon AMI?
Comparing Bip 38 to AES256
Arbitrage possible?
blockchain.info api for tor hidden services
I am new with peercoin and confused is it mining or not [screenshot]
Are virus signatures a serious threat to the bitcoin network?
RPC calls fail in testnet mode, but not normal mode?
Can you always derive a public Bitcoin address from a message and a random signature?
Do electrum fully support Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets?
Need to do 400 transactions, how do I get them confirmed?
Does Ripple use NTP?
Is change of Bitcoin address of an account possible?
Do all Bitcoin alternatives need to have a coin limit?
MultiBit won't open, says "Java not installed"
How to validate raw transactions using bitcoind and/or bitcoin-cli (preferably offline)?
Is block height always sequential?
my wallet will not send BTC
What advantages do "alt-coins" have over bitcoin?
How to confirm offline a transaction
How can Ripple trust lines be exploited to scam unknowing people?
Is it possible for someone to verify that a wallet is theirs wallet, without providing their private key?
Ripple: How to monitor multiple accounts reliably and effectively?
In pooled mining, what is pdiff, bdiff and ldiff?
Generating addresses on the fly or pre-generate and store public key?
How would AML techniques work in Ripple?
Mt. Gox losses for tax purposes
How do I use Vanitygen on Fedora 20? (openssl restrictions)
Does getaddr.bitnodes.io find all Bitcoin nodes or only one node per mining pool?
dogecoin wallet not displaying updated balance
Which altcoins have testnets?
How can I create a new wallet on Bitcoin Core?
Listening for changes to my own wallet in the blockchain
BTC-E API and determining volume for any time interval
How to import entire Armory wallet into Electrum?
Which wallet application lets you send to multiple output addresses with just 1 fee?
A crypto-currency for supporting informal education?
Can the Bitcoin blockchain eliminate the need for Trusted Computing in Smart Contracts?
Mining costs, impact on long term viability of BTC
How does namecoin and other merge-mined coins prevent pre-mine attacks?
Deduct fee from transaction amount
What is the best method of getting the originating address of Bitcoin transaction?
No update on API when receiving payments from other Blockchain.info wallets
Automated transactions to addresses from database
Transaction refund address
How did Ripple handle DoS/DDoS during the ripplescam.com days?
What is BIP32-style derivation?
multisig without tying up funds
What are the minimal system requirements to run a full Bitcoin node?
Gridseed Mac OSX software
Get a programmatical notification when an address receives a transaction
Who can 'own' a wallet?
What is a GPG Key ID?
How do I flush the keypool?
Why did Ripple do a giveaway?
Does a bitcoin pool appear as one node or multiple nodes to the rest of the network?
Can a 2 of 3 multisig transaction signature be revoked before it gets confirmed by the miners?
How do I use walletnotify?
Can ASIC miners easily be used to guess brainwallet passphrases?
Can I download blockchain updates from somewhere?
How can I download the blockchain from own, trusted source?
How to obtain trades from the websocket transaction feed?
Is it possible to create a system for 'shared wallets' on top of bitcoin?
Icarus Detect Failed
Heartbleed bug and Altcoins
Why are broadcast checkpoints considered bad?
What is the point of comparing sha256 of downloaded file with published on the same website code?
Using blockchain to publish downloadable software verification codes
Is Bitcoin a fully decentralized network, or how do clients connect to the network?
For maximum mining performance, is it better to minimize latency from the mining rigs to the p2pool server, or from the p2pool server to the Internet?
Tx to a multisig address in testnet not working
Was the claim of finding 180-200k bitcoins MtGox issued confirmed?
Two GPU's But Only One Will Mine In cgminer
Bitcoind, Multisig, and the default account ""
Is it possible to have complete cold storage in NXT?
Bitcoin peer to peer network source code
How is a side-chain merging back to Bitcoin chain protected against double-spend? Where are the side-chain mining fees?
RPC server with bitcoin-qt and bitcoind has a different set of commands?
JSON/RPC works fine for bitcoind but not for litecoind
How to get instant notification of any Bitcoin transaction involving a specific public address as recipient without knowing the wallet or private key
Get latest Bitcoin transactions in real-time
How to calculate the minimum recommended hashrate for p2pool network?
Tracing Bitcoins to their original blocks
Is there a way to run bitcoind without being a full node?
Are sidechains really new?
How to make a simple payment with the python-bitcoinlib?
What is the variable in a block that holds hash of found PoW?
Can a double spend attack be obfuscated by mimicking the transactions seen before the fork?
Check if wallet is encrypted or not through RPC API
Who has copied or reimplemented Ripple?
How many bitcoin clones are out there?
Can I spend/transfer bitcoins directly from cold storage?
Who would accept confirmations of invalid transactions in a 51% attack?
Why Does bfgminer Show Mh/s and Gh/s As HashRate Instead Of Kh/s
Detecting fork using bitcoind
Multibit desktop wallet not updating Bitstamp exchange rate
Why does the hash come before the signature?
mining pcie 16x and 1x together caused rejects
Litecoin transaction fee
Import private keys from Multibit into Armory?
Fastest cryptocurrency
Could the creation of bitcoin change create irreversible bitcoin "dust"?
What is "Verifying last 288 blocks at level 3"?
Can I run bitcoind without downloading new blocks?
Looking for nonces of even numbers
What's "asm" in transaction input's ScriptSig
How does Ethereum domain registration works?
What is the average number of hashes it takes to mine bitcoins?
Can a trade offer be the last leg of a Ripple transaction path? If so, do transit fees apply?
getreceivedbyaddress without knowing the private key
If I connect to a specific DogeCoin Node, is it possible to determine the transactions that originate at that node?
What triggers safe-mode?
Do physical bitcoins or altcoins actually carry value?
What's "walletconflicts" in listtransactions method output
What is gettxoutsetinfo used for?
Where I can download financial & technical data for graphs of bachelor thesis?
What is proofOfWorkLimit?
How to upgrade Bitcoin daemon in ubuntu 12.04?
Heartbleed: When will bitcoind 0.9.1 be released for Ubuntu 12.04?
Are Bitcoin Block Hashes Predictable
DollarTrackerCoin - Would it be possible to create an alt coin that tracks a Fiat currency?
Using Ufasoft miner with 50BTC
How to calculate fees for one transaction splitted to many
Just installed bitcoin, but it won't connect
What kind of random numbers source does getnewaddress in Bitcoin Core API (bitcoind) uses?
Bitcoin-Qt & setgenerate true
Detecting stolen bitcoins?
Bitcoin.conf connect command
Does Bitcoin-Qt require that I create a bitcoin.conf file in order to solo mine on my Mac?
Bitcoin.conf & JSON-RPC options
How can I ensure that bitcoind does not use unspent outputs for a given address?
How does one "authenticate" a bitcoin user?
Is there a way of rewarding users who confirm others' transactions?
CoinPunk questions with private base58 encoded private keys?
How can other currencies be "issued" via Bitcoin?
How to stop a hacker stealing my bitcoins?
I am a newbie in bitcoin and want to mine bitcoins
descriptions of the bitcoin-qt files
How can I use multi signature addresses with Bitcoin Core?
Is it possible to retrieve bitcoin address?
How to enable wallet encryption from the command line?
How to getreceivedbyaddress() with the python-bitcoinlib?
Bitcoin client from command line without blockchain
how to calculate the inputs to raw transactions?
How many shops accepted BTC? Is it somewhere roughly statistics data?
How do goods & services sellers manage price instability?
Check if received bitcoin are in blockchain/not pending without a transaction id
Bitcoin Cold Storage Question
Requirements for a Bitcoin Miner Data & Bandwidth needs
How is it possible to modify bitcoin source to change behavior of a newly-created altcoin?
How are BTC-e orders filled?
Getting sender address, python
How does cryptsy.com currency trading works?
Where to find cryptocoins current price
Can I look for transaction in the genesis block?
If you confirm others' transactions, what do you do to earn 25 bitcoins per block?
Walletnotify under windows
Is the order of transaction inputs malleable?
Is it possible to calculate TX size from its hex?
In what line of what file does the block reward depend on?
1,500% transaction fee and 3,5 months to confirm?
Is it possible for more than 21 million bitcoins to exist if 51% agree?
Is a bitcoin wallet address the same as your public key?
How to get transaction id (txid) in UI
Bitcoin related research areas
Moving MultiBit wallet to new computer
Unspent Bitcoins
Dealing with forks
Can I mine from CPU using 30 PC constantly on
Best way to send Dogecoins and view wallet balance with Python?
How good is "bitcoin-trader.biz"?
does OpenCL on Nvida work as well as OCL on ATI?
How to Track if Payment is Received with API in Coinbase
How to establish connection for mining testnet blocks?
How does BitCoin prevent fraud during confirmation period?
CPUminer minerd output confusion (OLY & crypticpool). How do I get multiple, "yay!!!" in a single block?
Can a mining proxy be installed on an Antminer S1?
How to make bitcoind connect to more nodes?
How websites like silkroad and pandora process transactions?
How to minimize risk when accepting zero confirmation payments?
Do bloom filters protect against a persistent eavesdropper?
How does one find places that accept Bitcoin in the US?
What is the maximum of receive addresses the default wallet can handle?
What is the format of the standard claim script?
How can I create buy offer and sell offer using bitcoin daemon?
Who do i see the commissions taken by miners?
How are block rewards claimed in merged mining?
What are the economics of confirming a block of transactions?
Help running cgminer on Ubuntu 14.04 - waiting for USB hotplug devices, and other errors
How do I buy bitcoins in USA?
How can we trust any crypto currency if the NSA could use 51% attacks?
crypto currency exchange and cold storage
Bitcoin stuck, not syncing
Bitcoind JSON/RPC extremely slow under load
How to import old wallet to Multibit?
The correct term for Bitcoin currency
Can synchronization be interrupted and continued later?
Bitcoin arbitrage using ripple
http post via java to bitcoind does not work
How accept trade works on creating order
Cannot transmit raw bitcoin transaction
Thin command line-capable client for Linux
How to tell when bitcoin has really stopped running
Bitcoin Performance: What does Hashes/Second Mean?
How do you get a Bitcoin Public Key from a Private Key
Is the denumerability of private keys a threat?
What was the first official BTC miner software?
Why do some mining algorithms run "cooler" than others?
Is there any opencart extension where I can use address generated by my personal bitcoin daemon?
How to accept trade in cryptsy?
Is it technically possible to send a transaction with two identical destination output addresses?
Is it possible generate three public key( address ) by only one private key?
Can two private keys generate the same (public) Bitcoin address?
Genenerate address offline, but blockchain knows about my address
Is there a way to chain calls in Bitcoin core console?
Reclaiming Disk Space
How trade engine works?
Transaction with OP_RETURN rejected by bitcoind 0.9
Can you specify Antminer overclock settings in bfgminer config file?
How to create a local bitcoin network with 2 peers?
Unable to recovery old btc address
Managing Diff variable on eloipool software
listsinceblock parameter: target-confirmations
Checking the received fund on an address of an HD Wallet
How to transfer signed tx from coldstorage to online system for submission into blockchain?
What happens to a p2pool payment with an invalid bitcoin address as the username?
How to transfer different cryptocoins from one daemon to another
Can I limit the back-up data in wallet.dat?
What is the chance of transactions being processed in different order that they are broadcast
what is the difference between eatch coins wallet address,what is the coin public id/salt?
Can I detect a 51% attack as a developer
How does a proof of work limit of `~uint256(0) >> 20` translate into a difficulty of `1 / 2^12`?
BTCJam API 500 errors
Creating An Altcoin: How to Lower or Increase Confirmation Times?
What Prevents the number of Bitcoins from being increased? After 21 Million?
I want to display information about my bitcoin node on a webpage (php or html)
Generating Ripple address
Where are statistics data about stolen bitcoins and successful attacks?
Pros and Cons between Ripple payment verification and centralized authority's payment verification
Why does Ripple needs to have a long ledger?
Mining with multiple older computers
My Multibit wallet stops updating and says another program has changed files. How can I solve this?
API for converting currency such as Euro/USD to BTC
How can I transfer my Bitcoins from Coin Cafe to my local MultiBit wallet?
Do receiving addresses expire on Multibit?
How to store/export coins from bitcoind to papper wallet 'cold storage'
Can the blockchain be outpaced by a chain of low-difficulty blocks?
Why does bitcoin use public keys as pseudonyms?
op_return regex search
Mini-Blockchain proposal: How is the proof-chain secured against injections?
"Fidor to integrate Ripple protocol", what does that mean?
Curious about a network-based double-spending attack
If most G20 nations ban bitcoins, would that effectively kill bitcoin?
How could a large owner of Bitcoin give back to the Bitcoin community in an equal way?
Class action suit against Mt. Gox?
What is the right way to create a MultiSig?
What is a step by step way to insert data in OP_RETURN?
What was the vulnerability in v0.3.4 that allowed an attacker to steal coins?
Bitcoin value vs. Supercomputing
How can I limit the mining to specifics miners authentified by private key or something like that?
destination_tag best practices when integrating Ripple
Double spending race attack first transaction
Altcoin apps stealing hashes?
What are the limits of ASIC Mining?
How do you do point multiplication in bitcoin associated with the ecdsa algorithm?
Why don't developers switch from bitcoin-qt to a cleaner implementation?
What made the old versions of the bitcoin wallet insecure?
What causes a "stuck block"
Transaction verification up to coinbase?
Ripple Distributed Consensus Algorithm
Unable to establish connection to bitcoin using json and php
How Is Block Assembled?
ELI5: How do I import keys from blockchain.info backup into MultiBit 0.5.18
How do altcoins tell each other apart?
Transaction's maximum size
Probablity Distribution of mining
signing colored assets to identify worthwhile assets
Which cryptocurrencies deviate significantly from Bitcoin?
Given the current hashing powers, what do pools actually do in practice?
What should I use as a login and password while connecting to the bitcoin daemon
Transaction verification process in full nodes
One private key in different locations?
SHA256 * 2 on header - what am I doing wrong?
BitCoin RPC calls
How do I load wallet.dat on new PC and import everything into Electrum?
Miners Create Their Own Work?
Are Bitcoins anonymous or tracable? Any changes from "How anonymous are Bitcoin transactions?"?
Why doesn't the Bitcoin blockchain truncate past data?
How to get bitcoin P2SH (3*) address balance with bitcoind
Please walk me through a typical page on blockchain.info
Accessing certain parts from the 'listunspent' array
Cryptographic "Central Bank"
Finding input TX for P2SH addresses
Does the Bitcoin Core API support high-precision balance display?
How can I set the port of bitcoind to run Armory through Tor?
Armory Closing after Building Databases completes
Can Bitcoin scripting be used for double spending attacks?
How to preserve anonymity within Ripple?
Bitcoin Exchanges and Anonymity
How are new bitcoins created without monetary inflation?
Can someone explain double spending to me?
$40 of peercoin mined per day: possible?
How will the new Internet Neutrality Act affect Bitcoin?
Usage of Markov chains to improve bitcoin mining
Bitcoin private key, location on ECC curve
Who are Alice and Bob?
How to Create a Light Wallet and Light Bitcoin Node, and run it on Mobile?
How to get the Z value aka Hash of the outputs to be signed
Can I do blind refunds relatively reliably?
Do thin clients leak which addresses you own?
Would Bitcoin-Qt ever use an imported private key's public key as a future change address?
How do you sweep a paper wallet with Bitcoin-Qt?
How can Blockchain.info wallet send unconfirmed bitcoins?
Should mining.notify.merkle_branches contain the coinbase transaction or not?
How can hackers cash out stolen bitcoin?
Exactly how to add bitcoind params (e.g. "verbose") on command line?
How does the bitcoin network disallow people generating a key pair already generated?
How does a Bitcoin client know its transaction has been accepted by the whole network?
The Bitcoin scripting system is purposefully not Turing-complete - why?
Optimising the inputs for a transaction
how do i send to another from multibit bec it says "synchronizing" but it doesn't do anything WTH?
Isracoin: What hashrate should I be getting with intel core i5?
MySQL view to identify a transaction with retrived API datas
Running multiple BTC nodes on separate VMs on the same host machine?
How do I recover newly created bitcoin addresses from an older wallet.dat?
Is a bootstrap.dat virus possible?
Did I pay a fee to transfer from Coinbase to Blockchain?
What % of the network will mine multi-sig transactions where n > 3?
What is a good place to ask for bitcoin to fund a scientific project?
creating our own coin - connection refused error
What does the listaddressgroupings rpc method do?
Creating trade engine steps
Any guidance to built Simple and Basic trade engine?
API or framework for handling transactions
How to generate wallet address? And how to get that connected with internet for transactions?
What is an accepted standard for a Bitcoin system secure from loss?
Altcoin does not create .altcoin folder and debug.log
How to sell bitcoins for cash?
How to distinguish addresses currencies apart on php
what programming languages are used to built bitcoin?
what countries accept and refuse BTC as money?
Altcoins: Determine how many confirmations to require to deposit
How to check if user sent me the BTC?
Longest "natural" fork
bitcoind has 0 connections
Is the change address always at the same position in the vout array of a raw transaction?
How to monitor hash rate over time to diagnose issues
How to connect nodes globally?
How are mutated transactions prevented from getting relayed?
Deterministic Wallet Step By Step
How to get a complete list of transactions?
As it time decipher in normal view?
Are there any services offering blockchain.info-like API for multiple currencies?
How to get senders address with bitcoinj (no duplicate)?
How to implement and use BIP 70?
How do I withdraw money from BitPay?
How to get the Input Address from vin where only a txid is given (Insight-Api)
A clarification about Wallet and Addresses (In Armory)
How do we check the time when a transaction hits x confirmations?
Can we assume that the ordering of vout matches n index in json rpc
Offline wallet for blockchain.info
Poloniex BTC withdrawal sent with 0 transaction fee, anything I can do?
Wallet programming, search transactions by address
Using Onboard Video but Mining with nVidia Geforce 8400GS
wireshark packet analysis missing checksum in version msg
Why can't I spend my reserve XRP and delete my address from the network?
How can "undo" bitcoin transactions be "private"?
Does it make sense to use BitCoin to transfer money to yourself internationally?
Must I have an account with every gateway I use as an issuer?
What is to stop people from pumping the volume of transactions via automated micropayments to a large group of addresses?
How and where to establish a wallet
PoS (Proof of Stake) - Do you have to leave your wallet QT application open all the time to receive interest? mainly for the coin Philosopher stone
How to mine solo Vertcoin?
What happens when a transaction script for mining is used for fund transfer?
What does it mean to say that Huobi "self-match" trades?
Using paper based public/private keys in bitcoin-qt
How to remove a transaction from the memory pool
How to accept payments via Ripple on a website
Limited, but not fixed multisignature transactions, is that possible?
Blockchain-based polling/voting systems
Broadcast raw transaction without input validation
How much hashpower is needed to double-spend? Is >50% a minimum?
Can too big hosted mining service be mitigated by allowing customers to choose mining pool?
Wallet takes way too much time to keep up to date?
Lower Shares from certain miners
Someone stole my bitcoin. Help?
Multibit saving after transaction - what do wallet private key backups look like, if they exist?
Namecoin - How to Find Block Height via Block Hash?
Given secret, learn account details
Decentralized democratic voting
Is it safe to send to my own address from my wallet?
Is there an on the fly service to exchange physical currency for BTC for payment processing?
How can I use Ripple to accept Bitcoin, USD, and other currencies on my site?
Does using Ripple to accept Bitcoin reduce risk of Bitcoin fraud?
Compared to Slush's pool, how exactly does Eligius payout owed bitcoins to the miners?
BITCOIN tutorials
How secure is Secure Print?
How to buy bitcoins with amex debit card?
How can Blackcoin get 1st confirmation in 10 seconds?
Multisig with same keys
Is there database of orphaned blocks?
BitLaunder's mixer vs "major exchanges" mixer
What are pros and cons of Tendermint?
signrawtransaction hex
Tracking outgoing transactions & malleability attack
What should I say when I "sign" a message, to prove that I own an address?
HD / Deterministic Wallets and public key
How to find utxo?
What is the difference between BTC/LTC & LTC/BTC markets?
How do exchanges decide on cryptocurrency trading pairs?
What are the downsides of proof of stake?
Extracting information from utxo for offline processing
What's p2sh in decodescript RPC method ouput?
Bitcoin wiki docs, account or address?
moving money without fees
How the arbitrage works?
Transaction Fees
How to receive payments online to single address per user in scalable way?
Can I lower fees with stratagy
Why is it possible to have multiples addresses in an output of a transaction?
Installing Bitcoin Armory on Ubuntu
How can I get the block number of given transaction?
How do I switch from MultiBit to Bitcoin-QT?
Why is the hash rate on my Mac higher than my PC with Antminer U2
If I have only the private key from a multibit private key export, how can I use the bitcoin later elsewhere?
Sending from CryoBit Cold Storage
Calculate tx fees before sending with sendtoaddress
How to choose address in BlockChain Android Application?
How can I connect to bitcoin-qt client with public ip address
Where can I get the source code of Bircoin or ANY other cryptocurrency compilable in Visual Studio?
How can I prove control of HD wallet through message signing?
How many coins does Satoshi have?
Problem with value after OP_HASH160
Export Market realtime rate
Prompt user for payment amount using bitcoin bip 70?
ECDSA Signature and the "z" value
Purpose of a BlockChain in local wallet application
Let receivers pay transaction fees
Bitcoin Transaction within source code
What are some of the advantages & disadvantages of the following: Colored Coins and Counterparty
Can I pass values over a bitcoin bip 70 URI?
How to make a CryptoCurrency (preferably using Scrypt) in depth
Multibit images/screenshots in educational website
How much would I earn
BitFinex API call returns 400 bad request
How to get value of script?
How do Cloud Mining Websites Divide Profits?
How to merge two wallet.dat files
How likely are key pair collision attacks?
Does Ripple use an RDBMS? If so, which one?
What's the advantage of using non-truncated mining targets?
I have over 10,000 shares accepted. How can I find out how much bitcoin that is?
With MtGox gone, how can I know the current price of a bitcoin?
How is Coinbase any different than Mt Gox?
What is chainwork?
Help me work out a transaction fee
What cryptographic operations are performed on the 3 public keys to produce a multisig (2 of 3) address?
How to receive and manipulate a bip 70 payment object in django python?
How could the dogecoin increase the limit of money supply?
How long would it take for a transaction with 0 fees to be confirmed six times?
How to find a block containing a transaction using transaction hash only?
Can you create a bitcoin transaction where you specify the miner?
Premining documentation?
Calculation for transaction input-output balling:
what is Create wallet using blockchain api (PHP)
Duplicated hash values in mining reward
p2pool merged mining
Priorities in Bitcoin-qt Client
Why is my new altcoin trying to connect to peers and sees almost 200k blocks remaining?
Could any standard fee transaction be double spent by using a higher fee?
0 Active Connection on my-new-coin
On multibit how do I update my sending address?
bitcoind hub-nodes
nLockTime transactions, how do they persist? Are they broadcast before they are valid?
Advanced Bitcoin Transactions
Created genesis block and set up node. How to mine?
Custom altcoin won't sync with node and neither will accept a miner connection
Is there a US broker for Bitcoins?
$10 worth of DRK
Are bit coins taxable?
What would be required to disincentivize mining pools?
Coinbase lost my transaction from Bitstamp
Proof of work - does the equipment matter?
Can Bitcoin mining hardware be used for other Crypto coins?
Why do I get this error when I try to install CGMiner on my RaspberryPi?
Are there any instruments that I can use to trade bitcoin volatility?
Bitcoin wallet?
blockchain - strange problem
What is the best way to implement withdrawal in online service?
Programming and the ECDSA equation
Are There Abbreviations/Acronyms/Codes for Cryptocurrency Exchanges?
Sell order in Bter is incorrect
Supermajority to prevent 51% attack?
Proximity to exchanges and pricing
What is the best way to implement micropayments with Ripple?
How do I prevent Bitcoin-qt from having to keep reindexing the blockchain?
Inv message structure
Questions about Electrum
Beginning the process of buying bitcoins
Is this a safe method for cold storage?
GetAddr message structure
Complete list of merged mineable coins? SHA256 + Scrypt
Does GHashIO already have above 51% hashrate?
How to handle return address Output field using bitcoin bip 70?
How to set syncnode of a peer to true?
Is there any difference in pool mining with gash.io over slush?
Error compiling altcoin-qt for Windows, getting a GCC internal compiler error
Mining on your own network, or creating your own mini pool
Got an issue compiling
Is Block Height 1 is the genesis block?
What determines how many transactions end up in a given block?
How big is the NXT blockchain in disk usage compared to the Bitcoin Blockchain as of June 2014? And rate of increase?
Which pooled mining scheme is better in terms of constant mining?
Initial Connection to Bitcoin
Why is everyone encouraging the use of P2Pool as the answer to the 51% problem?
How do I ensure that the multisig transaction that's signed by multiple parties is the same?
Exporting Private Keys for wallet in Multibit
Where is the exact code part of the walletnotify function?
Is it possible to check if a bitcoin address "belongs to" a master public key from a deterministic wallet?
Safely convert paper wallet to encrypted online wallet
Bitcoin is not connected in regtest mode
Satoshi's final statement
RPC connection fails after too many queries
Why do I see a 'Yay' with a 70% match, and a 'Booo' with a 75% match?
Modular Inverse for ECDSA in C++
Import android mobile wallet to desktop
Unexpected coinbasevalue in regtest mode
getblocktemplate not returning coinbasetxn
What is the maximum number of bits mining hardware ever needs to hash at one time?
Which exchange is better for average users?
What incentives do Crypto 2.0 systems provide for IOU Gateways?
How efficient are bitcoin markets?
Question about pool hashrate
Bash BTC and LTC address generator
Multisig doesn't work unless all keys were generated from the current wallet?
Available ways to buy Bitcoin using leverage
Double spend transactions flag the node as "bad"?
brainwallet.org Low Entropy Generation
BlockChain.info Investments? Sounds like a scam
Which transactions are being submitted in the very first blocks of some digital currency?
What are the keys used in the blockchain levelDB (ie what are the key:value pairs)?
What does UpdateTip mean?
How can i get balance of bitcoin address not exist in my wallet?
What new transactions are possible with 15 operations?
How to find the change / sender address given a txid?
How can I define the change address of a transaction using createrawtransaction?
Nulldata transaction information
How long should confirmation (spendable amount) take?
API Bitfinex question: "key amount should be a decimal string"?
Where do transaction fees go in block #163368
How can bitcoin be used for all transactions, even with only one confirmation?
How to accept and detect altcoin payments?
getrawtransaction doesn't work for every transaction with -txindex=1?
Attach worker to CEX.IO account
How does bitcoind find p2p hosts?
Import Armory Wallet to BitcoinD
Where do i start for creating altcoin?
Qt wallet not compiling - Altcoin
Using vanitygen To generate addresses for different cryptocurrencies
What prevents miners in a pool from retaining the reward?
Use multiple GPU's with oclvanitygen
How is a Transaction Output Marked as Spent?
How is hash rate of mining hardware calculated
Why can't they use super computers to mine all the bitcoins?
How do mining pool operators work?
Create custom Transaction ID using Bitcoind raw transaction
Is the bicoin: URI scheme an URL scheme as well?
Can't understand arbitrage profit calculation
Can you help me fix this address?
Are NXT messages stored on the blockchain and are they encrypted or publicly viewable?
Why do you need to send a transaction out with NXT to secure your address?
Can you delete / remove / update a decentralized asset in the NXT Asset Exchange?
What is the equivalent of cold storage or paper wallet for NXT?
Where can I get a list of upcoming features for NXT? and whats on the way for 2014?
How does lending / leasing in NXT work? What are some use case scenarios?
In NXT, what is the difference from Account ID and Account Numeric ID?
How can I convert a bitcoin public key to a bitcoin address?
Calculation of arbitrage profit
How is BID and ASK Calculated for crypto currencies?
What part of the transaction is scriptSig in?
how to concat our website url in our bit coin transaction in blockchain send api
Bitcoin security, what is wrong with my thinking?
Are there any tools to visualize where the transactions are coming from and going to?
Is it possible to calculate the difficulty purely by the number of blocks generated in e.g. 3 month and the staring difficulty?
Compressed keys default for brainwallet?
Error pushing hex of tx, generated with bitcoinjs 1.0, on testnet
In the NXT register alias dialog pop up, what is the DEADLINE text field for?
Do NXT aliases expire? And when?
Building Win7 Moneychanger: Where to put OT DLL's, How to fix "&& was unexpected" in jsoncpp?
How best can I use Raspberry pi and ASIC?
How to tax trading in colored coins representing fiat?
Mining calculators and blocks found
Is there someway to determine the current network fee from the bitcoin network/daemon?
How do wallet-sites generate large numbers of Bitcoin addresses?
Stratum and Load Balancer
Coinbase Security
Cryptsy, Mintpal, Bittrex API - how many requests can I do?
Can a Ripple Transaction Sequence have gaps?
What does it mean to have -1 confirmations?
Where does the litecoin wallet store coins?
enable bitcoin SSL error
How will bitcoin stay decentralized when mining becomes extremely expensive?
What is the block / confirmation time for NXT coin?
NXT uses transparent forging to detect who will solve the blocks. How can DDOS be prevented?
What is current size of various databases in Bitcoin Core as of July 2014?
How long should I expect to wait for payout on p2pool
How can I find out which wallet belongs to which cryptocoin?
How can my NXT client/server send to multiple addresses paying one 1 transaction fee?
What are some counter arguments for NXT (nxtcoin) "premine" or initial distribution setup?
What are the biggest motivations for common people to adopt crypto currencies?
How would the OpenBazaar or NXT decentralized marketplace / eBay / Craigslist work?
Which is the official site to download the NXT (nxtcoin) wallet app?
Where can i find instructions on how to install a NXT wallet app on my Ubuntu server so I can access it via the web?
Escrow outputs show incorrect destination addresses in Blockchain.info
I want to generate a BIP32 version number for Namecoin and other altcoins
Open source bitcoin wallet
P2pool Crashing after a few minutes
bitcoind synced more blocks than in the blockchain?
GPU mining strategies (algorithm)
Restarting Vanitygen
How can I get the uncompressed public key from the compressed public key in openssl?
Why I obtain this error trying to compile this wallet?
What percentage of Bitcoins stored in a multi sign address?
Are there examples of scripthash transactions in the blockchain that do not use MultiSig destinations?
Multibit application won't open
How to auto deposit bitcoins on btc-e?
Does Cryptsy reuses market IDs?
How do pool server's handle multiple workers sharing one connection with Stratum protocol
Why does vanitygen warns me to update an up-to-date OpenSSL?
Autopayout Setup on a wallet
Can you assume that all inputs to a Bitcoin transaction are controlled by the same person?
When do P2Pool Node Fees get paid?
Arithmetic operations in Bitcoin (OP_ADD, etc)
Bitcoins being sent to another addres during a transaction
Who controls the features added to the bitcoin network?
Is demurrage already integrated into Ripple? If so, how does one create a demurrage currency?
Ripple partial payments
Other ways to determine the validity of a public key
2014 Educational Content on Bitcoin
How do I trace a bitcoin transaction to find its location in the world
Is there any argument to be passed to CGMiner\AntMiner S2 to reserve amounts of hashing power for specific workloads?
How to generate a bulk wallet offline with python, java or c++?
How to sweep a bulk wallet?
Is there a service that let's me "send" bitcoins via email and doesn't require any account creation/login?
Are there any _true_ anonymous cryptocurrencies?
What are some of the pitfalls of a 100% proof of stake currency (pos) like NXT?
How to properly use PreviousTxnID in a Ripple Transaction?
Blockchain and Bitcoin client difference of amount
What does "Confirmed Exchanged" and "Estimated Exchanged" mean?
Neither cgminer nor BFGminer detect my Zeusminer Blizzard. (Ubuntu/Linux/Mint)
Minimum tx amount where amount = fee
How to get bitcoin address from the pubkey_hash using bitcoin-abe or something else?
Standard Transactions and relaxation rules
Scripts within Scripts
Pluggable Signers for Married Wallet
What is a hallmark node in NXT (nxtcoin)?
how to config p2pool so that it can connect to bitcoind wiht HTTPS?
Problems decrypting my bitcoin-wallet on android
Harvesting transaction fees
I sent bitcoin from my BitcoinQt wallet while it was unsynced to another wallet, do I have to wait for it to sync?
What is a "mike"?
how do devs upgrade bitcoin core without affecting the live active network?
Bitcoin-qt import private key crash
ripple consensus - mathematical certainty for all unl graphs?
JSON-RPC "couldn't connect to server" via bitcoind CLI (curl works fine)
Manage / run commands in a NXT (nxtcoin) client/server via the command line in Linux?
Data for market depth over time?
Where can I find early posts about Bitcoin where trolls are arguing over distribution?
What is a block index in blockchain.info?
block explorer, just a parser and database query?
How can I import a private-key to Blockchain.info in order to use it?
Explanation of what an OP_RETURN transaction looks like
Bitcoin core: why does the wallet file contain transactions?
debug window of wallets
Bitcoin user characteristic
How to schedule a bitcoin transaction?
How to use BlockChain API?
Ripple - how to properly set flags?
How do I extract my private keys from a protobuf wallet?
How to send money using blockchain API?
I cannot see the expected OP_CODE in transactions
Can you put additional data in the payload?
How To Lower The Disk Space Needed For Full Blockchain?
Bitcoin trading: security
How does the Bitcoin forex work?
Multi-signature transactions: Address based? What is the limit?
Anonymous transactions technology for a cryptocoin?
By whom and when can transaction malleability be applied?
Transfer wallet to new server
Where can new cryptocurrency features be found?
Bitcoin-qt transaction not initiated by the wallet owner
Problems accessing BTCE api after certificate change?
Creating MultiSig from server
Can unrelated people know the private key of a multisig address?
Confirmation limit
Colored coin with stealth addresses
How to make bootstrap.dat work with bitcoin qt
colored coin possible with ring signatures and stealth addresses?
Is it possible that someone forks the chain?
what IS Bitcoin's pourpse and what do they need me to do and why do they need me to do it and what is said thing for?
Why is there a need for different exchanges?
Building Bitcoin from Source on MAC OSX 10.9
Why does re-signing a message in bitcoin-qt produce a different hash
NXT single address per user vs bitcoin single address per transaction
Building from Source on MAC OSX 10.9 Error
What's the point of trading BTC if you're limited in the things you can buy
Gitian Build Issue - Windows
How much will I earn by running Bitcoin-Qt?
Why could UpdateTip be taking so long?
How desirable are features like Cryptonote in an altcoin?
Get last price from Comkort exchange PHP-JSON
How can I rsync my bitcoin database?
Why won't my pool find my miners?
Multibit: Whats the best way to proceed if I have forgotten my password but my wallet is still open
What is Mt. Gox's YubiKeys' "configuration protection access code"?
PPC (peercoin) obsoleted by NXT?
Multi-signature and "pay to script hash" vs "pay to pub key hash"
Where can one trade AuroraCoins for Bitcoin?
p2pool manual difficulty
How much hashpower would I require to surely mine one block per day?
How do I create a shopping cart that accepts Bitcoin?
Are specific private keys weaker than others?
How do I get money on and off of harborly?
Is bitcoin-qt using bitcoind? or bitcoind is already built in the bitcoin-qt wallet?
Does BitMinter not use CPU's for mining at all?
Strongest vs Longest chain and orphaned blocks
How does forging work?
History behind the scripting language in Bitcoin?
Ethereum vs NXT Comparison Chart?
Cryptonote vs an X11 Coin
Why is a minimum transaction fee for 0.01 BTC *sometimes* enforced
Coin-agnostic API?
Does hardware specialization provide security against 51% attack via on-demand computing?
In P2PKH Multisig Transactions, what is the address?
List of all currencies which can be mined by a SHA256-based ASIC miner
Multibit is not accepting the correct password any idea or possible bugs that i could fix
Is it possible to create a transaction with 2txin and 2txout?
Peercoin proof-of-stake: When a person with large computing power and a person with a large stake both compete to generate a new block who wins?
Why does Bitcoin store all transaction inputs and outputs, instead of just an "account/balance" ledger?
Windows vs Linux for bitcoind (not mining)
How does NXT prevent blockchain bloat since it does so many different things with its blockchain?
Restore wallet.dat on windows 8
What is the maximum number of output addresses I can send to with one bitcoin transaction?
How can I do CPU mining on testnet?
How is the previous transaction hash calculated?
What role does stake play in finding a PoS block specifically?
How does a Peercoin node announce a new block found by proof-of-stake?
How do the Peercoin nodes verify a new block found by proof-of-stake?
Difference (if any) between proof-of-work in mining bitcoin vs verifying transaction
Ensure Wallet consistency
Include checksum in a transaction
Stealth address transaction example on Bitcoin's blockchain
Where can I find a C or C++ implementation of converting bitcoin privatekey to bitcoin public key and bitcoin address?
Making an altcoin (for fun, not to use), and after finding MerkleRoot and genesis block, I still get errors
What is the difference between Ripple and Stellar?
Is there a Counterparty Whitepaper?
What is the reason for using PoW in bitcoin?
Block nonce predictable
How to find new values from json file in btc-e api
Warning about possible double spend at blockchain.info
Three numbers after dash in transaction id
When spending a fraction of the coins in an address, can I send the remainder back to the same address?
How does a mix between Proof of Work/Stake work? (Peercoin)
Blockchain growth projections and risks
Why does bitcoin have so many digits if I cannot move anything freely under 10000 satoshi?
How does CryptoNote prevent a 51% attack and double-spending?
P2SH transaction signing
How/when are transactions removed from the not-confirmed pool?
How do cryptocurrency exchanges like Mintpal manage so many?
addr_recv addr_from in version Message
What is the transaction ID?
How does CryptoNote provide anonymity for a new coin when the user base is still small and additional signatures are scarce?
On quering the blockchain, can someone read what transaction took place?
How does a miner collects the fees?
WeaveCoin - Extremely High-Speed AltCoin - Is this Possible?
Would it be possible to overtake the network by running a secluded mining operation for many years?
What is the most advanced technology for anonymous transactions?
What exactly is generator G in Bitcoin's elliptical curve algorithm?
Are Bitcoin / Cryptocurrency free & paid "Faucets" illegal in the USA?
How frequent are side-chain reorganizations of various lengths?
Could the BGP attack be used to split the Bitcoin network?
How to calculate multisig address?
While using Open Transaction as a Decentralized Exchange, how can one guarantee sanctity of the trade carried out by the parties?
The number of Bitcoins in existence will never exceed 21 million
Donation wallet address
What is bitcoin ID?
PoS coin is producing conflicted chain after merging with upstream developments
Find Multisig coins
Are bitcoin testnet addresses taxed?
What is the "misbehaving" log message?
Why doc says importing private keys is so dangerous?
Transaction change calculation
What prevents banks from printing electronic money?
How to sign bitcoin transaction with 'bitcoind' and non-bitcoind-wallet private key?
Key Pools and best practices
What Happens if Hive Web Shuts Down?
GUIMiner - Don't seem to recognize my GPU. Where to set it up?
Is bitcoin worth it?
Logical flow to check for receipt of a bitcoin payment
What does it mean for a cryptocurrency to be ASIC-resistant?
What is a bitcoin wallet?
Who is rewarded
multiple parties to sign a transaction before being broadcast (or after, but either way be associated with)
Running multiple DNS Seeds
What are the requirements for a ScriptPubKey to be valid?
Verify paper wallets
How do you create a planet-specific cryptocurrency that will ignore longer block chains from other planets?
How many bits are in a Bitcoin?
Balance doesn't show up after import in multibit
Can I use my Electrum seed without Electrum?
Convert an lower-cased address to a properly capitalized address?
IsCanonicalPubKey method in Bitcoin Core source
How do Blockchain.info recovery mnemonics encrypt wallet data and what prevents hacking of the algorithm?
Bitcoin and Company Launching
What is the algorithm of block selection using Target Difficulty?
How many transactions in One Block?
How many Secp256k1 signatures exist for a piece of data?
Where to stop key derivation when looking at balance of a deterministic wallet
MtGox bancruptcy: Filing proof of claims
Script for sending funds to a multisig address
How can one know which money exchanges happen in Ripple?
How do I export a private key from my Bitcoin-QT wallet if the wallet isn't synced?
Recurring micro-payments platform
Bitcoind sync status at ~block 206286
Problem receiving - confirmations stuck?
Why was Blockchain.info DecryptWallet removed?
To transact an amount less than minimum transaction amount
Hive Wallet recovery without PIN
Hack/Use a Butterfly bitcoin miner as gaming pc
Sendtoaddress using custom private key
Where to place Bitcoin bootstrap.dat
Blockchain.info not actual?
Besides mining Bitcoin what is another good use for an Antminer S1?
Full node of bitcoin
Bitcoin Core RPC goes does down
Transactions within orphaned blocks
Scraping multiple cryptocurrencies
What is the current actual cost of mining 1BTC?
How to recover coins from a wallet that uses BIP32 Deterministic Keys?
How to securly move bitcoins from a wallet.dat file to a paper wallet?
Get private key from BigInteger
What is the incentive behind using platforms such as XDP/Dogeparty?
Peercoin: What is the difference and similarity between the PoW difficulty and PoS difficulty?
Transaction schedule
MultiBit got progressively slower after adding more receive addresses
RDD sent to RED address
How can I convert a wallet.aes.json file from Blockchain.info to a wallet.dat file?
What are some possible causes of the BTC-e 'flash' crash?
Who are you solving algorithms for and why?
How can I watch an address on Windows and Android?
how can you calculate the total XRP transaction fees for an offer?
What's an efficient model for redistribution of coins between wallets?
altcoin execoin miner is infected?
What is the maximum number of multisigaddresses you can create?
Other users' coins instead my own?
solo mining payout maturity vs pool mining
Tie Breaking in bitcoin transaction
Unconfirmed Transaction >22 hrs
What are the differences between Bitcoin and DigitalCoin (DGC)?
Importing keys to a brand new wallet
Blockchain command line tools
How do I spend Bitcoins from a specific address?
if the cap is 21 million bitcoin does this mean that there will be only 21 million transaction?
What's the size of the last Ripple ledger and the indices to search through it?
How are transactions efficiently distributed to network nodes before inclusion within blocks?
How can I have friend to send me money without possibility to see my balance?
What current wallets support deterministic public addresses (BIP32)?
Why does the Bitcoin core client use so much CPU time while synching?
Need help about Mining and Difficulty levels!
Loyalty programs for Bitcoin transactions
Lost private keys. Help to recover
I lost my computer, inside my hive wallet , I do have my adress and password can I recover my bitcoins?
Critical Section in Satoshi client
Multibit application on Mac only showing 2/7 wallets
multi coin solo mining
bitcoinj, unknown confidence level
How long could you list a sell order?
How does MultiBit figure out balance of an imported address?
What is the maximum character length when sending a NXT message?
Which bitcoin miner ASIC can use without leave power on computer?
Bitcoin cloud trading
Test in a box duplicating addresses how come?
Getting transactions and time from Block Chain Info Api
Bitcoin packages
Are all private keys required to create a multisig bitcoin address
can we create subjective trading platform using bitcoin and smart contract where payments are taken in stages?
Can the service providing the bitcoin wallet know how much value has the user loaded into his wallet?
is it necessary to stay connected to internet
Can I create a public address for Bitcoin without the private address appearing on the screen?
Why should I pay in bitcoin as opposed to traditional payment methods?
Any advantages in terms of our location & East-West timing differences for self mining on a 100 th/s btc rig
Is there a way to buy bitcoin immediately?
what are BTR points in Bter exchange
When you sweep a private key at Blockchain can you sweep the key in HEX format?
Are time, timereceived and blocktime in UTC?
Maximum number of transactions in wallet.dat for Bitcoin Core
Is it correct that more than 160 bits of input data for producing a private key are superfluous?
Get a JavaScript notification when Bitcoin transaction arrives to a certain address
WIF Format and Storing Private Keys
Passphrase lost for my wallet.dat
What does "Safe mode: Warning: The network does not appear to fully agree! Some miners appear to be experiencing issues." mean?
Running Multiple Full Nodes on one Host
Bitcoin vending machine
New to Bitcoin - tips on securing my server
How can I view all the NXT nodes that I can access publiclly?
Defeating email spam with Bitcoin
Why does the script contain the hash of the public key
BIP32 wallet sync with Bloom filters
Payee identity verification
How can I search for transaction text on the blockchain?
getbalance not working
How to detect a rejected transaction?
Is Bitcoin a developer only currency and community?
Standardize wallet format
How many OP_RETURN transactions in the Blockchain would be too many?
Can you transfer NXT assets directly to another nxt account?
Accelerated block generation
What shape of merkle tree does the Bitcoin client build?
How does the receiver of a transaction check the whole chain of ownership?
Is the threat of computer malware to steal Bitcoin exaggerated?
How vulnerable are offline users of bitaddress.org, who don’t use Ubuntu?
is bfgminer running correctly?
What is a public NXT api i can access?
Programmatically validating NXT addresses
When will next halving events occur?
Must a Block contain a coinbase transaction?
Is there any regulations on buying and selling Bitcoin on eBay?
Bitcoin payout based on real-life event
Multibit Won't Open
Where Bitcoin is kept and what fees are included when liquidating Bitcoin
Is there an updated accurate list of retailers who accept Bitcoin from Canadians?
If Bitcoin is not stolen from an address for some months does it suggest that malware did not capture the key?
Are transactions containing zero-value output accepted by miners?
Is it possible to identify exact GPU type using miner's log file?
Can I independently verify the integrity of the network with only block headers?
Maximum `getdata` message size
Nosey/disgruntled employees at my VPS company
Library for trading on major exchanges
Does Ripple support Gateway interest?
Calculating the mining profitability of Novacoin
How does the Clearing & Settlement process work in Open Transaction
Exchange with Puts and calls?
Ripple Singapore states -34.86 XAU balance, but RippleCharts shows 51.9 (September 2014). How come and what does it mean?
Does the Ripple protocol allow listing an account's (address's) past transactions? If yes, is there a web site for this?
Bitcoind randomly stops downloading the blockchain
I had money on MtGox, can I get it back?
json RPC Blockchain not Working
bfgminer on bitcoin-qt
What are the analogous steps between transfer of value from buyer to seller with traditional P.O.S. solutions vs. with bitcoin
Tracing solo miners and anonymity
How to generate the public Nextcoin key (NXT)?
bitcoin-qt stops subsequent RPC calls, then won't shut down
Can you mine without transactions?
How does blockchain.info get miner revenue?
What does this mean? RPC_CLIENT_NOT_CONNECTED = -9, // Bitcoin is not connected
Multiple Addresses in one UTXO
In NXT, which files store the contact addressbook data?
What are the pros/cons of the Multigateway service on NXT?
How would one audit that the mgwBTC - Multigateway assets are backed by 100% Bitcoins?
P2Pool still worth mining?
Obtain the information about a bitcoin address
How long does it take for a transaction with 0 fees to be confirmed or rejected?
If a wallet has multiple addresses, is the money in the wallet or in the address?
PHP Coinbase Callback POST
JSON-RPC call to bitcoind error, 403 failed to open stream
Does outbound port have to be open to make an Json-RPC call
What are the equations to convert between bits and difficulty?
Deterministic Key Generation: prove that address is in a sequence of your original seed
Unable to install MultiBit 64bit version
Can I use Blockchain API to get number of transactions at BTC address?
How could block propagation time be reduced?
Practical interpersonal address exchange
reinstalled multibit wallet
Can an output be spent in the block in which it is contained?
Cryptocurrency compile error
How is a NXT account address generated? Why do we need to send out a transaction in NXT to secure the address?
How does one calculate the profitability for a coin?
Orphaned blocks on September 13, 2014
How to best structure Internal bitcoin payments within a webapp?
Is it possible to convert Bitcoin Miner to Litecoin Miner?
Deprecation error on mac
How secure is calling bitcoind JSON-RPC from same computer?
Implementing Secret Sharing with an Encrypted Bitcoin Wallet
How to get correct block details url with block height on blockchain.info
Best way to anonymize bitcoin transactions?
How do coinjoin and sharedcoin work? How to make it make it hard to pinpoint bitcoin sender wallet
How do you buy bitcoin using Perfect Money?
Can't connect Electrum to a Network so that I can receive my bitcoins
Trading bitcoin with paypal?
Can you switch the method of blockchain download?
Bitcoin purchases by country
Can I transfer bitcoins generated in regtest mode to a friend?
Can I develop an API which will accept bitcoins and regular currency using existing API's such as coinbase and stripe?
Is it possible to create a transaction in pure python without needing to run bitcoin locally?
Has anyone verified what your CPU is being used to do when it "mines" for bitcoins?
Is it possible to buy a prop of one of the "bitcoins" you often see in the pictures?
Significance of average block generation rate
Bitcoin logo in LaTeX?
If I import/restore a deterministic wallet into Bitcoin Armory, how far into the dynamic addresses does it look for transactions?
Logo: "Bitcoin accepted" but not "here"
farmers quest to exchange goods and services
Automatic transfer of funds between exchanges
Predict multi signature transaction size
How can one prove the ownership of an address?
What is the algorithm used to sign data within Nxt?
What does Bitpay's {"error": "Invalid token"} mean?
Getting all transactions that ever occurred for a bitcoin address
How can I transfer the last little bit from my Bitcoin Core wallet to Armory?
How do I reset my TFA token in Coinbase?
Where can I find a chart of the daily supply?
How do I access the Bitshares that I received from my Protoshares "snapshot"
What did Gavin mean when said minimum fees would be automatically suggested?
Why is two hours the maximum acceptable offset for Bitcoin blocks?
Theoretical security of mining bitcoins
Blockchain.info automatic transaction
Why does Bitfinex allow shorting with BTC as collateral?
Can you register a .com domain with namecoin?
Is it possible to force a person to honor a conditional promise-to-pay?
Find all webpages with bitcoin addresses posted on them
Can zero-fee txs get into a block?
Inevitable dust spam
Bitcoin testnet: "Bitcoin is downloading blocks..." and other problem
Why do transactions with lower input age require higher fees?
Why do Bitcoin API services offer Block details?
What's the minimum transaction with nxt?
Local Testnet3, where do the new coins get sent to?
How to set a payment in Ripple without specifying currency issuers?
Bitcoin-qt and lost local blockchain files
Decentralized product inventory (instead of simple orderbook)
Allowing bitcoind startup script to access daemon commands
What are the benefits of Invertible Bloom Lookup Tables for Bitcoin?
How do Bitcoin transactions work, and what does one need in order to send or receive one?
Blockchain Parser not working on blockchain generated in regtest mode using bitcoind. Any help?
How to Create a new Genesis Block with some bitcoins initially asigned to some users?
Laymans guess to determine how many hashes must be computed to you find a specific value
Migrate wallet from Bitcoin Core to Armory
Can you encrypt not just the private key, but also the public keys (ie bitcoin addresses) in an Armory wallet?
Motivation to run full nodes
Total number of Bitcoins generated by pool mining
Hash property resistance
Unconfirmed Transaction using Blockchain.info wallet
How much binary data (bytes) could I put in a transaction and how?
Growth Dependent Block Size Limit
Why is the address 1MAdS7aPszWG4EYgBpbF9mnGUi5ChbMu8d sending me Bitcoins?
Is there a class or sequence diagram for BitcoinCore?
After 21 million bitcoins
How to find a specific bitcoin address from all the addresses?
Detailed guide on how to Create a Litecoin Fork, With Pre-mine instructions
Banking partners with UK Faster Payments
End-user security measures to protect your Bitcoins
How do I run Armory Testnet on Win7 x64 using Bitcoin Core 0.9.3 using remote datadir?
How does Zerocoin work?
Check password for ethereum wallet
Main Differences from Counterparty vs NXT Assets Exchange (SecureAE)
What are some of the proposed ideas to why the Bitcoin dropped to sub $400 in the end of summer 2014?
Can someone explain the pitfalls of NXT Proof of Stake's potential issue of "nothing at stake"?
Is bitcoin vulnerable to a DOS/spam attack?
iPhone App for Bitcoin trading / transfering?
How can address' hash160 be used to determine information for malicious purposes? (Ie reusing of the same address)
Accepting 0-confirmation transactions and detecting double-spends with open source solution
Blockchain transaction message length limit
Can decentralized blockchain technology like bitcoin be used to store medical information?
Why block height is required in coinbase?
How can an online wallet be more secure than paper wallets or cold storages?
How to tell which account an unspent output is in?
Why are double-spends bad?
Understanding Bitcoin protocol (through practice)
Is it possible to mine with core duo cpu 2.4 ghz?
How can one realistically model the distribution of the network's unspent transaction outputs?
How to export bitcoinj wallet
RPC addmultisigaddress call
HD wallets and address reuse
what would it take for the Bitcoin price to drop less than a dollar?
What is a soft fork?
chain.com Bitcoin API: Does not provide “making wallet” feature?
Difference between a bitcoin wallet and the blockchain
Blockchain.info keeps sending wallet backups
using blockchain.info api_code
Create OP_RETURN tx with Bitcoinjs-lib
Is multi-PPS the correct solution to the mining centralization problem?
How did Satoshi manage to mine so many bitcoins being the first user of the system?
Key exported from BitcoinJ is different from the key shown by bitcoind
How do I import private keys en mass from a text file?
Bitcoinj always gets 0 balance
What would cause the price of Bitcoin to flatline for several hours on Bitstamp?
Running bitcoind getaccountaddress
How do I obtain the "Private Key" from my Armory Paper Backup
How can I read chainstate database?
Bitcoind transactions in regtest mode always fail with -25 error
How much bitcoin is 'lost', on average?
Is there a public API server for Stellar?
Will more hashes per second increase bitcoins per hash per second?
Official or default Bitcoin wallet for Android
How to get the number of the confirmed transactions from Bitcoin QT Rpc
Pros/Cons/Limitations of Mnemonic Phrases - BIP39
How to index the UTXO set efficiently?
Reliable method to convert national currency to bitcoin
Blockchain.info : "Insufficient Funds Available"
Should a casino manage its own Bitcoin wallet?
where can I find a chart or data showing total Multibit dowloads?
Is there a chart of all combined orderbooks?
If all block chain copies get deleted, what would happen?
How do developing countries begin to adopt bitcoin?
bitcoind importaddress balance
How do I query a remote bitcoin node like RPC?
Random numbers using blockchain
Why does Bitcoin charge per transaction?
PHP Checking privatekeys
Can you buy bitcoins as a Canadian without a bank account?
Bitcoin Historical Price API/Database
Remove address from sequence in HD wallet
Why is Bitcoin defined as having 8 decimal places?
How safe is sending out transactions using unconfirmed inputs for a service?
Blockchain.info, How to receive new transactions (not websocket)
bitcoin mssql decimal/money storage size
Where does one obtain the most widely accepted Bitcoin/Euro exchange rate?
Determine which transaction spent a Transaction Output
How fast is the NXT blockchain growing in 2014?
What / Who is the Bitcoin mining-power useful to?
Does the value of my Bitcoin fluctuate automatically?
How to get started with a Bitcoin wallet
How to add additional information to transaction?
What is the average size of a bitcoin transaction?
How do satoshidice's draws work? (HMAC hashes)
How does serializing in coins.h work?
Where is the bitcoin wedding transaction?
What is it about a Trezor that means it can't be infected by malware?
Two out of Four transaction with excluding some key pairs
Insert data to transaction with OP_RETURN
Can a Trezor seed be used in any other HD wallet?
Deterministic keys with one-way operation
Do Bitcoins mined in a pool automatically transfer to your wallet?
What is the current status of Multi-Sign function in bitcoin network?
How does a Trezor passphrase prevent restoration of a wallet if an attacker knows the seed?
Bitcoin disappeared after resetting the blockchain and transactions
Who give initial value to Bitcoin?
Which part of code (function) handles received transactions?
Could a modified miner send a transaction and broadcast it immediately upon discovery of a block to claim a new block and the 25 BTC block reward?
How do I change the default blockchain Database download location for NXT?
Is it possible to specify a default change address?
How do I list the addesses in my keypool?
Is anyone using the blockchain (or other core Bitcome technology) for device registration?
How to denote <serialized> script in P2SH transaction?
Is it possible for corporate interests to incentivize securing alternate Blockchains instead of Bitcoin's Blockchain?
Bitcoin Core and Armory working together?
Does OP_HASH160 consume the top stack element?
Difference between bitcoin-tx, bitcoin-cli, and bitcoind?
BlockChain.info testnet wallet and API
Error Compiling Bitcoin Core on OS X
How do deterministic wallets know how many keys to generate?
Reusability of ASIC miners
How can i set up CPU mining on bfgminer?
Who specified the Bitcoin protocol?
Bitcoin payment verification
API Call when a transaction is unconfirmed
Who generates the coinbase transaction?
API Authentication via Python
Unconfirmed transaction - Non(e) standard input
Preventing the exposure of public addresses on a website
What is the difference between a hard fork and a soft fork?
How to exploit the possibilites of blockchain for proof of authorship?
How is the distributed transaction log stored in P2P network?
Sending Bitcoins with Armory doesn't work
What does the main_chain value returned by blockchain.info mean?
Is there a correct way to refer to "orphan" blocks?
Where can I get a list of all the 72 initial NXT stakeholder addresses to see distribution?
Bitminter - no rewards when more work was done?
Do testnet networks require the same main network fee?
Self-hosted Bitcoin wallet for Linux with API?
What is the easiest way to associate an utxo to a specific account?
Bitcoin Script Execution - Must end with just `true`?
What is the alt stack?
Bitcoin RPC getbalance of address I sent coins to on regtest
BIP38 or Brain wallet?
Will 64-bit miners work on 32-bit machines?
JSON RPC calls for Armory wallet
What are the trade-offs between the different algorithms for deciding which UTXOs to spend?
Can there be more than one result of decoding a raw transaction?
Why is the scriptPubKey required when using signrawtransaction?
Decode blocks received and Store in another file for analyzing
bitcoin-cli getbalance different from listunspent
How do i transfer bitcoins from bitcoin qt to multi bit?
Generate Bitcoin addresses using a Master Key from Armory wallet
Bitcoin Escrow API
How does Dash achieve anonymity without centralisation?
How to generate a public key from a private key using Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm
Bitcoind transaction data verification
In BitcoinJ, what is the purpose of Peer?
C++ code for traverse though all the blocks in blockchain?
Is there any software that allows me to make a single multi-recipient transaction?
Can side chains or "pegged" chains negatively affect the security of Bitcoin?
What are 'pegged' side chains are and how they will be useful for Bitcoin?
Why is Python popular in Bitcoin projects?
How to verify ECDSA of a sample litecoin tx using pycoin?
Block Chain API for BTC transactions
avoid rounding errors in javascript with bigdecimal?
How can I mine ALT SHA-256 coins using a Bitmain S4?
How hard is it to alter a block after it was found?
Difference between Outpoint structure returned from Blockchain.info and what is in the Protocol Specification
Ubuntu 14 LTS with SX tools installation issues
BIP38 on multisig? Does it work?
Are Bitcoin fees optional?
Bitcoin transaction priority calculation
How to store 30kb file using Decentralized Blockchain Data Storage on NXT (nxtcoin) by attach messages?
How are transactions secured?
How are transactions broadcast to the rest of the network?
Arbitrage in Bitcoin exchanges
How do I join a NXT mining forging pool? And how do I register for payouts from the pool?
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: org/spongycastle/util/encoders/Hex in Java when dealing with Bitcoin addresses
How does a blockchain store any data?
OP_RETURN transaction doesn't go to the blockchain
Transaction was rejected - Bitcoin QT, recovered wallet.dat
What is the order of block hashes in block-locator array?
How to integrate a Bitcoin wallet service in my website
rpcallowip=192.168.0.* ?? invalid configuration
Bitmain Antminer S2 Bitcoin Miner Stopped Booting - How to get it to boot up again?
Atomic cross-chain trading
Does bitcoin-qt support mining in a pool?
Can it really be true that the Bitcoin system consumes almost $1.000.000 in electricity per day?
Can new OP codes be added with a soft fork?
Where can I get paid dogecoin for work?
How does OpenBazaar differ from NXT decentralized marketplace?
What RPC can I use to query the balance of an arbitrary address
How can I create a list of X richest bitcoin addresses?
How does the ECDSA verification algorithm work during transaction?
Block chain api support - Im unable to seperate the credit and debit transactions using blockchain api
Best way to mix bitcoins? mixer, coin join (shared send), dark wallet, stealth addresses?
Would it be a good idea to have several different *coin to protect oneself from fluctuations?
How do I use mSIGNA without the standard Bitcoin client?
real time number of transactions world wide
How do addresses that refer to a web site work?
Can I use my Bitcoins to buy household commodities just like ordinary money?
An "Almost" decentralised currency
two people with same PUBLIC address, how will people/network know how to deliver bitcoin
To open “MultiBit” you need to install the legacy Java SE 6 runtime
What's the easiest way to someone to double-spend 0-confirmation transactions?
Getting a Zerocoin for d bitcoins
How can I remove the charity features in my Devcoin clone?
Using Bitcoin for Bond Certificates
How do I check the checksum of a Bitcoin address?
Is Cointellect a scam?
External GPU for mining
If I am spending multiple inputs from the same address, must I provide a signature for each input?
Mining on Pegged Side Chains
Server cannot connect to Peers With Some Internet Connections
Multi coin won't sync error mac osx
Why would sending a raw transaction from a different node fail?
When miners are working on their block, does everybody's block have the same transactions in them?
Dont understand how to buy Bitcoin. Looked at sites but makes no sense to me
BitFinex API call returns 400 bad request - "Could not find a key matching the given X-BFX-APIKEY"
Could somebody be traced in a situation like this?
If using Bitcoin core client am I constantly going to be downloading data from the blockchain?
A life-cycle of a transaction - correct?
Bitfinex API - clarification of "timestamp" in orderbook API request
I don't have my 12 word question but I do have my PIN and my computers MAC address
Can I mine cryptocurrency using Javascript?
Profit possibility for colluding with 51% attacker
Is mining an instant process or it generates fraction of coins constantly?
Why wait for several confirmations before shipping?
Accepted shares won't go above 200
How can I install a bitcoin wallet on Kali Linux?
Why do the Bitcoin RPC Calls use decimals for coin amounts?
What's the minimum setup to mine a block alone?
Multi GPU mining broken since upgrade to Ubuntu 14.04
Why I don't need to specify public key to import paper wallet
Why don't any of the SHA-256 vulnerabilities matter for mining?
How do I set up GUIMiner to use my cpu?
Blockchain programming books C#?
How do I prevent the standard Bitcoin client from sending some of my Bitcoins to a change address?
Calculating Account Balance
How to make a pay-to-rawmultisig transaction?
Splitting hashpower over multiple pools
how can I run multi wallet on one computer to share same blockdata
Is it possible to combine PoW with PoS by taking turns?
I paid in bitcoin, now I'm owed a refund. Can I demand it in bitcoin too?
Ripple XRP value and market capitalization
Convert back from BTC into a local currency, efficiently
Give bitcoin to user in web game
How can Bitcoins be sent without Blockchain.info knowing your private key?
Do i need ~4 years to sync?
Limit wallet to sending funds to a list of addresses
Is there a fallback plan if bitcoin's underlying cryptography is cracked?
Link Receiving address with other addresses
how to parse input script of a transaction in blkzzzz.dat file?
Bitcoin transaction with dust output stuck
I can't find my bitcoin address and my bitcoin core is out of sync by 3 years
What is a thin client?
How can I recover my coins?
Is this a problem that a pool found 6 consecutive blocks?
How do I trade at BTC-e?
How can Trezor update firmware but never receive malware?
how to get one address from two public keys?
Do Miners get a reward for re-confirming blocks?
bitmixer.io usage
Check how many blocks dogecoind downloaded
Security: Blockchain.info vs bitcoind
API feed for OHLC / VWAP data in (close to) real-time
Do you need to be connected to the internet to send someone bitcoin?
When to worry about 1-confirmation payments
Is bitcoin an effective way to receive international payments?
What methods are currently used to embed additional data into the Bitcoin blockchain?
Would it be possible to add an RPC call to be able to determine if a node is fully synced?
Correlation between business cycle and BTC price
Negative Dogecoin Balances?
where is the code about sending command getblocks in bitcoin source code
Is there a way to use My Wallet account with bitcoin-qt client?
OP_Return in transactions at json_rpc_api at blockchain.info
Multisig created from Multisig address
Why didn't Satoshi make the nonce space larger?
Why does the daemon require peers in order to start mining?
Unable to open Backup binary file Linux
Correct syntax for Bitcoin URI: bitcoin://1xxx-etc or bitcoin:1xxx-etc?
How can I reduce the time until I get the newest block ? Does the number of the outbound peers affect the speed?
OP_RETURN with bitcoind not working
Have there been any successful "airdrops"?
Redeeming a raw transaction step by step example required
What programming language should be used to develop Bitcoin exchange software? Why?
Where can I find per-second bitcoin price & volume data?
ECDSA x,y coordinate validity verification doesn't seem to work
JSON-RPC to detect double-spent TXs
Time to send bitcoins?
Why does the default miner implementation use pay-to-pubkey?
Why am I not getting payments on my bitcoind on an amazon ec2 instance?
What sort of tasks can an ASIC be developed to do?
Bitcoin POS: payments between seller and buyer
Why are non-final transactions considered non-standard?
Is there any way to make an UTXO that cannot be spent until a certain block #?
How to Enable Port Forwarding for Litecoin Mining?
Bitcoind confirmations during fork
BTC-E API (Retrieve error)
Does each peer prioritize inv(type=block) over inv(type=tx)?
How to power the Bitmain Antminer C1?
Can the coinbase transaction be used to spend an UTXO?
How to recover from a double spending attack?
Querying insight-api to dump all addresses with a positive balance
miner_proxy and minerd Settings
Double Spending - Does each node maintain a list of unspent transaction references?
How to detect a race attack and re-spend the already-spent outputs?
BitcoinJ seems to be calculating balance incorrectly
Get a list of txs that can be used for a newer tx
using coinbase with uc_bitcoin drupal module
What exactly are the rev00000.dat files?
Armory "send" button is not reacting
How to block a Ripple account from a Gateway's perspective?
How does Bitcoin have an intrinsic value?
How to sell bitcoins for cash money?
Redeem bitcoins of non-standard transactions made with eligius
I have free energy; good idea to mine BTC/LTC?
How can I find out if a transaction used a specific vout as its input?
Can two outputs from the same transaction be spent separately?
Monitor non-wallet bitcoin addresses for new transactions
How to fork an Altcoin Which has 0 Reward Block to continue mining after the LAST POW BLOCK
Has the nonce used in mining been sized?
Multi-currency wallet api
Is bitcoin arbitrage profit varies with BTC market price?
How do I calculate the txid of this raw transaction?
Bitcoin 101, need some knowledge
How do I find the txid and vout values for an input I want to spend?
How do I spend my Bitcoins without waiting for Bitcoin-Qt to sync?
Armory paper Backup
What happens to off chain transactions when the blockchain is reorganised?
Unspent outputs get spent automatically
NoClassDefFoundError when using Java Coinbase API
What's the purpose of running Armory through Tor?
Proving the address belongs to a shared wallet where one can control some deposits and withdrawals
Why one would need *extended* public keys for auditing a bip32 wallet?
Armory paper backup without private keys
My Bitcoin wallet is out of sync after connecting for the first time
Multibit crashes on startup with PCA2 error (Program Compatibility Assistant)
Get available exchange rates of Ripple's built-in exchange
Query Blockchain: Reference previous transaction in "txin"
How can I sign a message with a multi signature address?
In what order do new blocks get processed?
listtransactions RPC call
How do I make a transaction
My balance gets sent back to me
Which KYC solution providers are used by Bitcoin companies?
Explain this comment on nNonce from the bitcoin miner.cpp source?
How do I start mining?
Safely interrupt -reindex?
bitcoind JSON-RPC interface timeouts under unit tests
Which exchanges support U2F authentication?
What's the best way to introduce Bitcoin to the family and friends?
Is Bitcoin still an experiment?
How do I use the RPC command "decodescript"?
Can I mine bitcoin without damaging my hardware?
What coin could I mine with CPU now-a-days?
How in laymans terms do I restore a .dat BTC backed up wallet file on my mac please?
Is new cryptocurrency that runs only in raspberry pi possible?
Can I safely run Tor and Armory through Tor simultaneously?
Incorporating Bitcoin into a app for person to person payments
Matching KeyPath in application with Wallet32 Keypath for Bip44 wallets
Lower confirmation time schemes: any requirement between confirmation time and the probability to find a block during that confirmation time?
getrawtransaction - find destination and "change" addresses
Why does the bitcoin mining code have the same if statement twice?
How would an artist be able to sell their own music for Bitcoin?
How to connect to Terraminer via USB?
can't buy bitcoin eBook using bitcoin?
Multiple coins on one server running MPOS/stratum
How often do miners update their block transaction list?
University Bitcoin event ideas
Using BTC to receive currency donations
Input validation in transactions
createmultisig single point of failure
Sending bitcoins to same address
Conflicted transactions in blockchain reorganizations
What will be happen if 21 million of bitcoins become the property of one?
Proper use of mixing service
What does the "Cost per Transaction" chart on BlockChain.info show?
How to specify ECDSA nonce used in bitcoin signing code?
How much space does armory and the latest version of Bitcoin-Qt take up, together?
PeerCoin Pool Payout Issue
How do off-chain transactions get back on-chain?
How do you inspect a transaction?
Are the keys in a multisig transaction output hashed?
Incoming block handler is never called when using bitcore
Bitcoin Peers Connection
Is there a way for merchants to insist on a tx fee to increase likelihood of the tx (eventually) being accepted into the blockchain?
Bitcoind fails to start on Centos 5.8
Which block() method does what?
Funds and Wallets
Question about BTC-E fee's
Is Bitcoin given as a gift taxable?
Can you inherit bitcoins without the private key?
Technical analysis of Blockchain.info security breach
How to get Bitmain U3 running on Linux?
Bitcoin, detecting deposits to the node.js server (code review)
Coins sent while wallet closed
2 bitcoinqt - getrawmempool returns different results
Is Coinbase.com combining / commingling transactions or funds?
Are there any hardware privkey/pubkey generators out there?
Can wider acceptance cause the value to fall?
Multisignature: what happens if the number of signatures exceeds the "threshold" number of public keys?
What is min time to get first confirmation for transaction?
Papers/Books on how bitcoin works from a mathematical perspective?
Why does txID generation consider signatures?
Is BIP analogous to RFC?
What is OP_CODESEPARATOR used for?
When does the "reject" string have an empty reject reason upon submitting a new block?
Forgot password multibit
I am trying to get cgminer on Ubuntu 14.04 and the Guide is troubling me
Is the a library for generating signatures and transactions for scrypt coins?
BTC = $ ... Does this have to match the sum I'm buying for at an auction?
Is there a JavaScript library for validating P2SH addresses?
Is there a way to recover the original electrum seed from the encrypted one?
What is the format of the databases that are used in the core bitcoin client?
How do I generate a bootstrap file on Ubuntu?
Is it possible to get bitcoin-cli without having to build all bitcoin source?
Does Coinbase have the ability to create a "Business" Account?
Is it possible to buy and sell Bitcoin within minutes?
Error trying to send payments with RPC sendmany
What happens if a TX was a double spend?
When ASICs generate a share, is it always at difficulty 1?
How to run multiple bitcoin RPC commands through the command window?
Why does Blockchain.info's My Wallet tx volume seem to exceed to total bitcoin network volume?
How to get BitPay to process each settlement using a new address?
Asus R9 270x mining 24/7 setup
Help me understand Bitcoin analytics
Is there a way to figure out when an address is created?
How safe is bitcoin with regard to a random address generation attack?
Encrypting Bitcoin private keys instead of printing out paper
How does Ripple ensure that transactions take place
How often does a block have only one transaction?
How would one go about generating a BIP-38 encrypted vanity address for cold storage?
Historical BTC data in JSON
i would like to know how long it will take me to mine 1 bitcoin with a 12 th/s mining rig
How do I create a new genesis block for an altcoin?
Are transaction ids always the same length?
Bitcoin GetBlockWork() function
Mastercoin API - what to use?
Is there an easy-to-use tool for creating and signing offline transactions?
What if some group of people start sending small transactions from wallet to wallet just to make the blockchain bigger?
osx - bitcoin-qt v0.8.6 doesn't starts at osx 10.9 non-developer machine
Is there a local wallet for Ripple?
Transparent Crypto Bitcoin 2.0 Technologies vs Anonymous Bitcoin Crypto 2.0 technologies?
How much do you gain from minting a proof-of-stake coin on multiple wallets?
What is the strMessageMagic good for?
Filter transactions per block 50 BTC or Higher
Does Litecoin have a higher chance of address collision than Bitcoin?
bitcoind: How to generate new address and broadcast?
bitcoind getnewaddress: Why I can see the generated address on Blockchain.info without broadcast?
Do all transactions have at least one output that contains at least one bitcoin address
How do I chose the address to send to in Electrum? Can i send from a new made address with no transactions?
Is it necessary for blocks to record the nBits difficulty parameter?
Create addresses in bulk; and check balance
How much currency, on average, to expect from Bitcoin mining?
What reasons are there to mine and support Litecoin?
any way to recover lost qt bitcoin wallet?
How good a "take off" on the block chain is Factom?
How many transaction and btc have been cancelled?
Duplicate tx ids
Hybrid Bitcoin web wallet for performing multi-sig transaction on an e-commerce site
How can I use a vanity address as my main address
How resilient are Proof of Stake (PoS) mechanisms to brute force quantum computing attacks?
Can a bitcoin block reward be paid to a multisig address if the transaction is included in the block?
Error -25 when bitcoind sendrawtransaction
Is there a BIPs roadmap somewhere?
Is the block timestamp reliable enough to timestamp the hash of a document?
Is there a system that support job contracts?
How much memory (RAM) does a Bitcoin node use?
How do cloud hashing companies profit? (leasing hashing power)
How to start mining pool?
Is normal ECDSA verification slower than a verification method based on Public Key Recovery?
Double Counting SigOps to Prevent CPU Exhaustion Attacks
How does blockchain.info api works?
How to make bitcoins from other cryptocurrencies?
Avalon2 times out when using cgminer on the Raspberry Pi
What restrictions does merged mining place on the sidechain?
What is NXT's "lessor"?
How Does Network Difficulty Relate to the Odds of Finding a Block?
BTCe setting price per BTC
Is there a Android POS full node wallet apps that is open source? An app that can also stake?
accept bitcoin payments for orders without 3rd party software
In BitcoinJ, do I need to run downloadBlockChain() again after adding a new key?
How to get a wallet address and set label via RPC?
Transaction input bigger than output
Prevent rounding errors when displaying bitcoin values in javascript
I have a casascius coin -- how can I sell it?
Is there an easy way to consolidate Dust Microtransactions
What is Multi-PPS (Pay Per Share)?
What are the implications of Schnorr signatures?
Bitcoind running in vagrant can't import bootstrap.dat from external directory
How to convert encrypted wallet.dat to decrypted? (Yes, I know the password)
Address no longer shows up in Bcoiner account
Can't withdraw from blockchain.info: "Private key does not match bitcoin address [my address] = [probablyprivkey1] | [probablyprivkey2]"
How to get the list of transactions that has gone into an address with the amount and date?
Confirmed transactions lost in my synchronised node
Why use OP_RETURN for long-term timestamping if they are pruneable?
Can miners reject transactions from an address?
Transactions used to form a block
Contracts Benefit of Merchant
Bitmain Antminer U3 keeps going Zombie
How to download blk.dat files from a specific block number?
How do I make Mulitbit show the exchange rate?
How can I be sure that bitcoin mining software is not compromised?
How could a time warp attack be prevented?
Is it possible to short on Bitfinex using a SELL-STOP, then BUY-STOP and BUY-LIMIT at the same time?
Some newbie questions about bitcoin transactions and anonymity
"value" field in raw transaction: Rounded Bitcoins (float) or Satoshis?
What programming language should I learn to create a new altcoin?
How do we verify the signature on a raw transaction using Bitcoinj?
Is Bitcoin a mesh network?
How do miners receive transaction fees?
Did I just create counterfeit bitcoins?
Can miners choose which transactions to mine?
What happens if a miner confirms their own double spend?
Bitcoind suspend when Synchronizing blocks
Blockchain for internet-of-things or is there any mining algorithm that can be utilized in low-computational power devices preserving security?
Can a wallet deny payments to it?
How does ShapeShift operate on 0-1 confirmations
What happens to my outgoing txs in a block reorganization?
Creating your own Bitcoin price ticker
What transactions will be included in the next block?
How did Coinbase monitor BTC transactions?
Are there any math contests paid in Bitcoin?
Get work on custom solo mining software
c# BitcoinLib: GetRawTransaction verbose=1 does not work
Proving a transaction is mine
Are Bitcoin ASICs Optimized for Fixed Length Messages?
What exactly happens when a node detects a double spend?
How do you determine 'magic byte' or version for alt coins?
What could be the reason for one loop being significantly more power hungry on an SP20?
Can you make a profit mining with CPU/GPU?
How come importing the bootstrap.dat to Bitcoin Core takes so long?
Why does Bitcoin use separate change addresses?
How to recover a deterministic wallet offline?
bitcoind stops working
why is bitcoind is missing from /usr/local/bin?
How do you delete an account in Bitcoin Core?
Can anyone give me some help editing the Abe html?
Is it likely that side-chain support will be added to Bitcoin?
Is it chain of headers rather than a chain of blocks?
Energy consumption while mining
bitcoin-cli fails with auth error
Why bother having limitations on Bitcoin Coinbase Transaction Scriptsigs?
Which bitcoin script forms should be detected when tracking wallet balance?
Ripple: only a sub-network reaching a consensus is largely enough to be decentralized&secure system?
Bitcoind blocks fell behind sometimes
Does the bitcoin URI message parameter have character limits?
Can I generate payment adresses while offline?
What if you're not given an option for a transaction fee?
Receiving `error: {"code":-25,"message":""}` on sendrawtransaction with v0.9.3
Is it normal for my hardware hashrate to vary by 15% but still achieve the advertised average?
What is the address of the servers that run the BlobVault and authd API?
Why did Bitcoin lose value so fast in early January 2015?
Someone scammed me, and I want my money back. What can I do?
Can private keys remain offline for their entire life?
How often should I back up my wallet if I use Bitcoin-Qt client?
How are change addresses treated differently by Bitcoin Core?
In NXT, how long do you have to wait for 1440 blocks to be mined?
How do you access the NXT testnet to test out new features of the system?
How to use bitcoin-python
Is the Stellar inflation voting public?
Is guadagnarebitcoins a scam?
walletNotify on every Bitcoin Network transaction
How do I convert Bitcoin to and from my local currency?
How can I get my peer's ban score for my node?
Zeusminer Blizzards no longer working with bfgminer 5.0.0
NXT - What is the difference between an Asset and a Currency?
How to determine custom synchronization status?
What are test_bitcoin.exe and test_bitcoin-qt.exe?
For what purposes do we need "Sign message"?
What does it mean when addresses are labelled "beyond the gap limit (highlighted red)"?
Any supervisory power on earth to ensure that Bitcoin system will remain resilient if hashing conditions change rapidly?
Where can I find code that allows me to calculate Z1 and Z2 from an ECDSA signature?
Generate address with RSA private key
How do I send money from imported keys to my localbitcoin wallet?
What is the maximum number of inputs/outputs a transaction can have?
How many addresses does my wallet.dat contain? Do I need to make a new backup every time I make a transaction?
How to tell whether an address is local or remote?
Transaction Duration
How do you install blackcoin on a headless server or VPS?
Why doesn't bitcoin place additional constraints on competing block chain forks, other than length of chain? (e.g., time and confirmation count)
If Bitcoin transactions require ~10 min to clear, how can payments get recognized within seconds?
Sites for searching the blockchain?
Electrum wallet - Can not send bitcoins
Runaway exception on 0.9.3 Bitcoin client startup 64 bit Windows 7
How to send user input data(Bitcoin address) from iPhone to server and then send Bitcoin back to user's Bitcoin address?
I created my own crypto coin. Do I have to keep my node running all the time?
Can a blocksize limit be a sustainable way to introduce scarcity?
How do wallet developers earn money?
Database error when installing Coinbase's Toshi with Docker
blockchain.info websocket: Error code = 1006, Unexpected end of stream
Is there a way to reindex from disk but not start from blk0000.dat?
Wallets that support 40 byte message attachment via OP_RETURN? Desktop / Mobile?
What were the dates of Bitcoin's previous price plummets prior to 2015? What articles were written about it?
Are there any stochastically dependent proof of work algorithms?
I just made my altcoin, should I list my source code at Github?
How to invest in a bitcoin startup
Can a shorter chain overcome a longer one?
Wallet gone, how to get it back?
How do text, scripts, and other information get embedded inside the blockchain?
How can counterparty tokens be distributed?
How are unconfirmed transactions divided into different blocks?
Is it necessary for all miner to reset mining when the tip of blockchain has changed?
How to reissue a currency you own in NXT Monetary System (Sidechains)?
Given a block, is there a list of all hashes for all possible 2^32 nonce values?
How is it that concurrent miners do not subvert each other's work?
What does it mean when a block is "kicked"?
Bitcoin-QT: which external memory (connected via USB2.0 + TrueCrypt) would work?
How to use the bitcoin client without downloading the blockchain?
Signature on transactions with multiple inputs
Is it possible to make PoW ASIC-resistant through dynamically generated hash chains?
I'd like to connect an LKETC USB Scypt Miner to my Raspberry Pi. Help?
Is it possible to run a simple attack on a previous version of the client in testnet mode?
How do you send to multiple addresses by paying a one time fee? Which wallet supports this?
Ability to Send Bitcoins to an Address over a duration of time
If block sizes go up, won't sigop limits have to change too?
What is criteria of mining priority except for transaction-fee?
What is a block?
Can an exchange work which does not have control of the private keys?
Is there a source for historical LTC trades available?
What are pros and cons of txindex option?
Bitcoin spend before received
pycoin command line transaction
UPDATED: -25 when pushing multisig
Is there a fixed order for all transactions in the block chain?
What roles of WIF(Wallet Import Format)?
LTC Pool With Friends?
I want to accept bitcoin on my raspberry pi
What exactly are Bitcoins?
What changed about coinbase.com to make it a "regulated exchange"?
What are bitcoin/altcoin block notifications?
What are the limitations to an outdated backup?
How to restore a backup made when using the big 20 Gigabyte Core Wallet to current MultiBit wallet?
Precisely what did Mt. Gox do wrong?
json_rpc_call solo mining with bitcoin running on Windows 7 for antminer
Does createrawtransction accept scriptPubKey and redeemScript as inputs?
I am not able to connect to download blockchain in logoscoin. It shows active connection, I am also attach debug logs below:
Can an attacker create many nodes that approve blocks without work?
Is it true the genesis block reward can't be spent forever?
Error: Wallet backup failed! (code -4) when setting up bitcoin-qt for first time
How many Dogecoin-satoshis will ever exist?
NXTcoin Startup - Error: Could not find or load main class nxt . Nxt
Bitfinex 400 error
Where is the Mycelium wallet file stored?
Why was there an non-steady mining rate in 2009?
BitWasp Installation Problem
How to premine our coins in my altcoin?
Intercept and edit transaction output
How to find Z value of multisig transaction?
Is it possible to reverse mistaken transactions?
How do I calculate a hypothetical trade?
bitcoind getrawmempool without downloading the full blockchain
How do you derive the lambda and beta values for endomorphism on the secp256k1 curve?
Bitcoin in third world countries
How to set up for merged mining
Canadian Taxes for Buying Bitcoins
listtransactions via RPC returns false in PHP
Why are chain parameters hardcoded rather than defined in a configuration file?
bitcoin allowip not working
Bitcoin contracts with stickK.com functionality
How often does peercoin minting pay out?
Verify Offline Bitcoin Bundle on Ubuntu
Get Latest blocks with bitcoind on Ubuntu
Is it actually possible to create a "verifiably unspendable" address?
Recovering private key when someone uses the same k twice in ECDSA signatures
How does merged mining work on a technical level?
How to manually disconnect a peer from peergroup?
Blockchain MySql Implementation - Updating Database
Bitcoind linux disk usage
Multisig vs Multi input transaction signing
Is there a maximum size of a scriptSig/scriptPubKey?
Successful national digital currencies
Bitcoin-Qt wallet shows outgoing transaction as "Offline (0 confirmations)"
Does the inability to spend only part of a transaction result in "too many" extra transactions?
Can someone explain in detail how p2pool payout works?
Does the power supply matter?
How much of BIP 62 ("Dealing with malleability") has been implemented?
Bitcoin nodes voting
What does the keypoololdest field mean?
Blockchain.info Wallet Format
Is multisig address belong to the same wallet created by?
Where are the Main network magic bytes stored in bitcoin's source code?
Do P2Pool nodes always accept real blocks over share blocks?
How does the Bitcoin network checks if the miner has changed the mining reward?
Vanitygen: Impossible addresses?
Which cryptocurrency has the smallest block time?
Lost bitcoins on smartphone after resetting it, although I backed it up before
Move MultiBit from Mac to Windows
Where does MultiBit keep its data directory?
Correct Citation Format for a Bitcoin Transaction
How to get BTCChina full Orderbook (FIX or alt API)
Locating Server-Grade PSU-to-PCIe Power Cables for Bitmain Antminers?
blockchain webgame - use api or actual blockchain to build database?
Non standard Tx with obscure OP codes: examples
How do I compose a transaction with OP_RETURN in Python?
How is the whitepaper decoded from the blockchain (Tx with ~1000x m of n multisig outputs)
Bootstrap.dat on Mac OSX 10.9 - Difficulty
Multiple bitcoin transactions between addresses in the same wallet
Double spend / bitcoin Bots
How to avoid price pumps & dumps when trading with bot?
Electrum: seed is 0 length / empty
Was the time warp attack the only reason it was not safe to compare chains by length?
bitcoin-0.9.3 won't syncup on TESTNET stuck at height 26859
How big is the UTXO database?
Can same private key generate multiple addresses?
Are the huge transaction fees mostly mistakes or some other market indicator?
How does an SPV node verify an unconfirmed transaction?
How to identify large block of coins referenced in this article, reportedly mined by Nakamoto?
What services let you trace the history of Bitcoins?
Why are Lighthouse campaigns limited to 684 pledges?
Solving PyCrypto 2.6.1 errors for Python 3.4 (Windows7 x64)?
Bitcoin-qt doesn't get a server connection?
Which is best for mining bitcoin?
Is it possible to create bitcoind regtest network on Ubuntu (which itself is on Virtualbox)?
Can I use Bitcoin so that my non-bitcoin friend finally receives CNY?
Verifying Bitcoin ownership
What is the purpose of Merkle Tree in blocks?
Transaction with multiple outputs
Computing the bitcoins of any address
Are transactions in the mined block validated by other nodes on the network?
Dogecoin daemon (dogecoind) returning "Method not found" error
Who issues bitcoins and how?
ASIC resistant PoW mechanism that generates new hash functions. How does that work?
Difference between createmultisig and addmultisigaddress?
Pseudo-Node and putative attack vectors on the network
What does the frequency of my miner mean?
Mining Litecoins as User in Debian
Why does an adversary have to control 50% of the computing power to double spend?
How can one simulate and analyze attacks on the Bitcoin network?
How to create a Blockchain for new alt coin after genesis block has been created?
Using bitcoins JSON RPC, how can I confirm a transaction I published?
What are the arguments for and against the increase of the block size limit?
Where can I find historical price of altcoins?
Has a hard fork ever occurred?
How do I see what version of bitcoin core my wallet uses
"Dirty" Bitcoins/Find Bitcoin origins?
Pruning the branches in Merkle Tree
How do I copy the blockchain to a separate computer running Bitcoin Core?
How is UTXO tracked?
Why is my raw transaction non-canonical, getting error -25, and being rejected?
Using Transaction with multiple outputs
Multisignature Demographics
What's the difference between the Bitcoin's peer to peer protocol and the RPC API?
Electrum Wallet - Is it possible to specify inputs in new transaction?
How to generate a Litecoin Private key and correspondent Public Address in C#
Problems with deterministic ECDSA based on RFC6979 in Bitcoin
OP_RETURN in rawtransaction rejected with error code -25
Are there Bitcoin addresses with an odd number of transactions?
When was getheaders added?
Is libsecp256k1 faster than OpenSSL?
Creating a raw transaction using Bitcoin Core v0.10.0 bitcoin-tx / createrawtransaction
How to configure bitcoind in Arch Linux
Bitcoind becomes non-responsive over JSON-RPC, have to manually restart all the time
Difference between RPC calls addmultisigaddress and importaddress
How can transactions be verified without the private key?
As of Feb 2015, what's the most technically secure wallet for Android?
If there is a block-size hard fork, will the old chain have an advantage?
What exactly is XBTC?
If bitcoin fails as a currency, how will blockchain tech still be secure for other applications?
mining alt coins. trading/exchanges
Best Way to Get Latest Transactions
Best p2pool software
Is it possible for a person's transaction to show up on the network BEFORE mine if I send bitcoins before him?
How can someone verify the signature of a Bitcoin ECDSA signature without knowing the signer's public key?
If I held fiat currency, instead BTC, on MT Gox, would I get paid sooner/more?
P2Pool error: p2pool.util.jsonrpc.NarrowError: -12345 p2pool is downloading shares
After power hit, wallet won't load
How to extract the signature of a transaction using bitcoinj
Ubuntu bitcoin PPA
Alternative to run Bitcoin over Tor
Why doesn't the same miner always win?
Clarification of Tx Fees settings in Bitcoincore 0.10
What is "Signing transaction failed" error means ? How to resolve and avoid it?
How do I make a profit buying cloud-hashing contracts?
In Peercoin style Proof of Stake, can one person 'stake' for another's address?
BItcoind/P2Pool What am I doing wrong?
Sending from address to address in bitcoind
What is Namecoin's blocksize limit?
Generating private keys in Java
Bitcoin exchange platforms and foreign exchange regulations
Blockchain (lack of backwards) compatibility in Bitcoincore 0.10.x
What is meant by "relaxed standards" for P2SH redeem scripts in Bitcoin Core 0.10.0?
bitcoin script for a competitive crowdfunding-like contract
Signing data with a namecoin private key?
Coinbase denies transaction: Please complete verifications to send money
How do I get hash to verify transaction?
BIP32 child derivation from another child
watch-only addresses doesn't work properly in bitcoind v0.10.0
Testnet version history
What mining performance can we roughly expect from the Intel SHA extensions of the upcoming Skylake processor architecture?
Why can I only see the balance of my wallet and not the one of each of my receiving addresses? (Multibit)
blockchain.info and blockexplorer.com show different balance for the same address
Android BTC clients that remotely use my Bitcoin Core wallet?
Are people incentivized with BTC to run nodes?
How to store blockchain data
Bitcoin accepted charities or organizations
Do I need to keep updating Armory version and more?
What is the estimated size of complete blockchain when all bitcoins are mined. i.e around 2140?
Provable Solvency Implementations
Using Armory Watch-Only wallet in Electrum?
getblocktemplate times out after being called many times
Error initializing block database. Do you want to rebuild the block database now?
Correlation between Ripple and Bitcoin
Is there any open source implementation of Bitcoin wallet encryption in Java?
Why did my transaction not include the fee?
How to generate a private key to create wallet through api in Block chain
Redeeming OP_SHA256 hash OP_EQUAL (Testnet) Tx
Receiving donation on a bitcoin address and security issues of reusing the same address
Extract genesis block raw TX data
How does bitcoin prevent this network splitting attack?
Transaction with 12+ confirmations at blockchain.info, but still no coins have arrived
If only six blocks are solved per hour, then how are more than six miners getting paid per hour?
Start a Private Bitcoin Network
Are there any online services available to exchange prepaid cards into BTC?
How do I set up bfgminer?
Why can't we expire two year old transactions?
Can one wallet send/receive bitcoins from/to multiple sources simultaneously?
Node Discovery Issue
Pay button with 2 receiving addresses
Specific instance of Tx using a malformed null byte vector for P2SH; insight req
Address generator for Bitcoin wallet
Do I need N confirmations if I'm only worried about the transfer getting invalidated by a different block?
Live Blockchain Backup
How do you invert an ECDSA multiplication to get the generator?
HD wallets with an exposed child private key
Can I 'un-import' private key?
How do thin-clients know in which blocks to look?
Running a few antminer S3's in a very confined space
Is an unencrypted wallet secure if bitcoind is not accepting RPC calls?
How does Cryptsy's Trade Key system actually work
Where is the "New Genesis Hash Generator" code in newest Bitcoin source code?
How can one Bitcoin address be associated with mulitple IP addresses?
RippleAPI Prepare Payment Paths object
How do I create release build of my new bitcoin wallet?
What is the difference in speed between a GPU and an ASIC per dollar of cost?
Does every nonce really have an equal chance of winning?
What is the minimal block time practically possible?
Will the block reward continue halving beyond 1 satoshi if bitcoin precision goes beyond 8 decimal places?
Is the Bitcoin rewards formula flawed?
What caused CVE-2012-2459? How was it fixed?
Bitcoin RPC works in bitcoin-cli but not in python-bitcoinrpc: No JSON object
How Do I create a Mining Pool for an Altcoin?
Signing a raw transaction with Python ECDSA (or OpenSSL)
Running pybitcointools & python-bitcoinlib concurrently
Can I import my wallet from my bitcoin core for electrum?
Difficulty for hash (reversed function of "does hash met difficulty/target")
Determining a Block's Extranonce Value
Non-Bitcoin Uses for Old ASIC Miners?
How much space does deduplication save?
Meaning/Derivation of 32 byte TxID hash
bitcoinaverage.com price precision
How can I search for OP_RETURN data?
Pledging mechanism using Bitcoin
Create alternative blockchain with proof-of-work
Sample proof of work in Ruby, what am I doing wrong?
How to redeem Non-standard script Tx (testnet instance)
Sending bitcoins to an un-owned, well-formed wallet
Why does `connect` perform worse than `addnode` for synchronization?
Simultaneously Solo and Pool Mining
Why does BIP44 use non-hardened paths at all?
Energy to confirm one block?
Is mining difficulty leveling out (Spring 2015)? How does this affect the economics of Bitcoin?
Send download link of a file after Bitcoin payment
Blockchain parser for transaction level details
Why doesn't the block time influence time the amount of time needed for a transaction to be confirmed?
Bitcoin core server error when requesting data
Where is the code for verification of multi signature?
Altcoin peers do not sync with each other
Does anyone have a formula for adaptive blocksize?
Does anyone have a formula for dynamic block durations?
"block decode failed" error while mining in pool
Is there a special name for the block currently at the head of the chain?
Is disclosing an index used for generating BIP32 addresses insecure?
Unable to Compile Particle-Qt using qmake in Ubuntu 15.04
What is the benchmark that mining ASICs are measured with to determine the hash rates?
Gridseed USB ASIC Won't Mine Bitcoins
Can coin wallets create their own network/blockchain?
What is a midstate? How does using a midstate speed up hashing?
Working example of raw transaction utilising Boolean (OP_IF, OP_ENDIF) scripting REQUIRED
Nonce in Merged Mining
Check if a user pays another user for bitcoin website
Why is "New Account" grayed out in Electrum?
on testnet: 'transaction already in blockchain'.. but it isn't
How to find the Bitcoin addresses used to create a Multi Signature address
What does 1 day PoW mean?
Javascript Stratum Miner
Why are Electrum 2.x mnemonic sentences thirteen words long?
What does it mean to "password protect" your wallet on Multibit?
Problem with Berkeley DB while building Bitcoin on Windows from Source Code?
Is it legal to buy things internationally for Bitcoin from India?
Bitcoin transactions over Ripple Network
How I make a portable version of Bitcoin for Ubuntu?
List of companies that has Implemented their own cryptocurrency or Color Coins in their business?
Did Satoshi intend to allow midstate computation to speed up hashing?
How does "headers first" affect BLKxxxx.dat structure?
My altcoin bitcoinj fork is failing when trying to compile an Android wallet
Why doesn't changing MAX_MONEY change the maximum number of coins?
Transaction unconfirmed after almost 2 day! Help!
Why am I unable to post two transactions (the second from the change address of the first) in the same block?
How are bitcoins generated during mining?
Is there a proof of work system which takes significantly more memory to generate than it does to verify?
What version byte will produce a Base58 encoding starting with X?
What Ripple API libraries are available?
How to read a tx's comment?
How do I get to the value in the 'scriptPubKey' part of the transaction ?
Where can I find a full list of all Bitcoin mining hardware ever used?
Can I build a mining ASIC from parts I find online?
Why did Litecoin choose the scrypt factors that they did?
thin-client remote node lying through omission
Bitcoin Game Theory Analysis
Reward system bitcoin
Testing blockchain forks
Using bitcoind JSON-RPC, how to get transaction from input address?
Armory 0.93 on Testnet: consistent unconfirmed Txs sent from connected Bitcoin-cli (log attached)
Are transactions in a block decided by mining pool operator?
Unable to receive/preview funds due to un-synced wallet
How to create the <sig> <PubK> part in "scriptSig"?
What other whitepapers are there for coin distribution models like POW (proof of work) and POS (proof of stake)?
How to set TXID in rawtransaction?
What prevented NXT from being distributed the same way bitcoins are?
Why do some outputs have a zero value and no address?
Can bitcoin-qt use imported address as a change address?
Is it possible to import transaction history from an old electrum wallet to a new electrum wallet?
How can I list my mined coins using RPC? And spend them?
Which security threats in P2PKH lead to the use of P2SH?
How can services that use the bitcoin blockchain help secure it?
Hybrid e-wallets
From mining to sending via RPC
transfer Bitcoin without synchronizing Bitcoin core
Access to RPC console
Is it possible to change an output of a partially signed transaction?
How do I open my RPC console?
Buying bitcoins with chinese RMB
Bitcoind doesn't add miner fee
What technical reasons exist for off-chain transactions?
BTC/hashes/second rates for various pools
Do new SIGHASH types need a hard fork or a soft fork?
If Bitcoin is traceable, how bitcoin scams are exist?
sendtoaddress questions
Is how can I enable my wifi router to accept Bitcoin for adhoc/ anonymous usage?
Can I replace the fans in a Zeus Hurricane x3?
Why is the target stored in compact form in the block header?
Why is the difficulty adjustment restricted to a factor of 4?
How to use NBitcoin for BIP32 wallets
Bought bitcoins without a wallet. How do I spend them?
What will happen when nLockTime is used along with Counterparty transactions
Any way to create a multisig address from Bitcoin addresses (instead of public keys)?
Creating a virtual wallet to display balance in a store
Bitcoin database needs to rebuild every time after defrag or reboot
Does OP_EQUALVERIFY have a return value?
Can't post on bitcointalk.org
Is there a reliable and accurate profitability calculator?
What is A matching transaction in the pool validation?
What is the motive of a miner to include transaction in a block?
Create a wallet generator?
Multisig addresses with keys from different wallets
Trying to find the raw genesis transaction length
Java code for Bitcoin Mining?
About performing SHA-256 hashing on the public key
When / how frequently do miners get paid for transaction fees?
Do AntMiners comply with FCC Part 15?
What does DOA stand for?
How do SPV get their transactions after being offline?
What do I change in my config to access my local NXT NRS Server/Client from another computer on my local LAN?
Launder cash using bitcoin atms
listsinceblock returning block on fork
Is there a more space-efficient way to prove that a transaction is contained within a block?
Why is the exchange rate of Bitcoins the same for everyone?
Why does the standard Bitcoin message signature include a "magic prefix?"
Electrum 2.0: non-BIP39/32 standardisation complicates matters immensely. Why?
How to get the input address from an txid with bitcoind
Solo Mine with an AntMiner
Bitcoins stuck in phone based wallet
What is the most widely distributed crypto currency?
Bitcoin Block Reward value
Bitcoin (and other crypto-coins) nonce loop
What license is used for the content of Bitcoin.org?
Error While making windows.exe using gitian build?
Why Block351543 is older than Block351542?
Are there multiple representations of the same target value? Are they interchangable?
Private keys importing in format got by dumpprivkey
What happens when a fork/network split occurs on the Stellar network?
Do we need in-app billing for bitcoin-like app?
Is there A Mechanism In Place that Prevent Address 'Squatting'?
I just restored my Mac from a time machine backup, but no coin wallets got backed up?
Button generating code altering addresses
Using Bitcore API for Escrow
What's a good way to receive donations?
Who pays me when pool mining?
How to pass parameters for multisignature addresses from Perl to the JSON::RPC::Client?
Reuse of addresses by a service ("get new address" returning *funded* addresses)
Why are AntMiners' firmware closed-source / non-GPL?
Is there a volume chart for Omni assets?
HMAC "Bitcoin Seed" for BIP32
How does HD wallet protect its master public key?
Clarification of BIP32 hierarchical deterministic multisig scripts
Obelisk servers
os.getpid() in Bitcoin's python test scripts - What does it actually do?
How can I tell if files from coldpi are backdoored?
Is it possible to identify mining pools?
Rounding in BTC exchanges
Receive unconfirmed transactions using Insight API
Coins sent to unknown address in Multibit
What are the minimum and maximum lengths of a Mainnet Bitcoin address?
Bitfinex API limit
Accept payments on someone else's behalf without being able to spend them
What BIP32 derivation path does Electrum use?
How do I view the extended public key in Electrum?
Why is a Payment Protocol Acknowledgement message not signed?
Is it possible to reject a bitcoin payment?
Logging Antminer Statuses
jsonRPCClient.php states its served a 401 error response
bitcoind inconsistent authentication error
Using Bitcoin or another Altcoin for Decentralized Database Storage
Online wallet for betting / customer profile?
Syncronization time jumps up to 8 days, then down again
Theoretical minimum # of logic operations to perform double iterated SHA256?
Cannot create a transaction
How can I run an Electrum console command from outside Electrum (in Linux)?
electrum CLI - 'daemon is not connected'
Without using something like Bitcoin Script, how NEM verify the transaction?
When all bitcoins have been mined, how can the Block Chain's interaction be supported?
math to make a full private key have a mini private key equivalent
Slush's pool worker offline
Help me use python-bitcoinrpc
Would a service for automated repurchasing of Bitcoins encourage spending?
Is mainline Bitcoin planning on switching to deterministic wallets?
Can you generate a url from a payment request?
Pool that seems to be stuck on a block
How to import a HD wallet from an extended private key
electrum - how to rename automatic a new wallet?
Is there anything like a "blank" blockchain?
2 nLockTime TXs with same input
Electrum - Why do I have to Restore every time I use it?
Can someone explain how does Bitshares market pegged assets work?
How to check Bitcoind block chain download progress level without blockchain explorer?
Does NBitcoin use hardened private derivation?
ripemd160(sha256(publickey)) - Where am I going wrong?
Bitcore Testnet API
Is there an altcoin generator with merged-mining support?
Can the dollar value of a transaction be different at different times?
Is There a Safe Way to Decentralize or Spread Ownership of a Company Using Bitcoin or Altcoins?
How does one mine Stellar
Is there a generally agreed on protocol for creating proof of solvency?
"Sipa" definition? (old terminology, circa 2011-12)
Who provides a Bitcoin recurring payments API?
In NXT monetary system, how do you transfer the coins complete control to another account?
How much inflation does Bitcoin have, year by year?
How can I interpret colored-coin raw transaction?
Xemian Xchange Api for Java, returning a default of 100 market orders
Does value 'True' at the middle of stack is valid transaction?
What goes in to the message of a transaction signature?
Is it possible to copy other scriptSig for using in different transaction?
Does cpuminer do its work?
Best way to update an outdated blockchain
How to import data from Blockchain.info to Excel
Open source ASIC design plans in Hardware Description Language (HDL) format?
How to get unspents for a specified bitcoin address?
Single address wallets - no change addresses
Is there a way to index transactions so that filterload commands can be answered without iterating through all transactions in a block?
How are SIGHASH flags encoded into a signature?
Can I verify a sub public key came from it's parent public key in a HD wallet without involving any private keys?
Recurring Bitcoin or Altcoin Payments as a Service?
I am looking for a reliable and low cost way to make loan repayments from Asia to the US. Are there any banks in the US that will acept Bitcoins?
What is the most lightweight proof-of-work algorithm?
Have the security vulnerabilities found in Bitcoin been fixed in other altcoins?
What is the maximum size of the memory pool?
What is the most efficient way to store bitcoin addresses in a database?
OP_RETURN using python
Is it possible to use Selfish Mining to steal bitcoins?
What is the future of the bitcoins?
How to sign a transaction using BitcoinJ
Does having twice as many miners give you twice as much revenue?
Two identical transactions and hashes in Block Hashing algorithm
Transaction too large error
How does Electrum make a keypair out of a seed?
Taking control of the dynamic bitcoind tx fee
Calculating "total received" and balance by an address
what are my tax implications for cryptocurrency?
What are these strange outputs in the Litecoin blockchain?
Generating blocks in regtest: "hash doesn't match nBits"
Regtest: One node nullifying other node's balance
Transaction inclusion into block
How does the SuperNet NXT Multigateway Exchange work?
Can one set how many confirmations MultiBit requires for a transaction to be accepted?
How to check BTC transaction when buying face to face?
Expectancy of payout from bancrupcty claim mtgox
Alternatives to OP_RETURN to store data in Bitcoin blockchain
Which files do you recommend I start with to learn Bitcoin?
How to answer to whether Bitcoin is a Ponzi scheme?
How would one mix NXT coins?
Pairing pattern of txids in merkle tree
Cold storage companies?
Assuming that the block size fork goes through, will the Bitcoin developers use the alert key to tell people to upgrade?
Bitcoin.conf not being read by Bitcoin Core
Full list of RPCs - including hidden RPCs
Stopping Hash field in GetBlocks Message
What sort of calculations do the miners have your computer do?
Wallet.dat (<0.4.0) format: retrieving Bitcoin, possible security concerns
Historical number of full nodes in Bitcoin
Can a transaction be conditioned on signing another transaction?
Why is halving the best time for block size increase hard fork?
Is *coin widely used for international migrant remittances (private money transfer)?
How do I get the address that received a payment?
What is the different between full-index client to full node?
Parameters in UpdateTip - calculation of log2_work
What purpose does XRP serve in the ripple protocol?
upgrading bitcoind (-qt) from 0.9.3 to 0.10
How is a blockchain split resolved?
Why can't Bitcoin switch over to Gridcoin's proof of work system?
Stealth address in technical level
Work distribution in a mining pool
Is it time to move data storage (of things like music, images, virus definitions) out of the block chain?
Signature: encoding a message - transaction to a point of curve y^2=x^3+7 and Bitcoin Core
In Elliptic Curve Addition, where does the second point come from?
All Bitcoin Public Keys with non-zero balance
What's the purpose of a maximum block size?
Visualize Bitcoin Hashing
Why is utxo time a priority for miners?
How do I synchronize my wallet quicker with bitcoins already sent?
Is it possible to get already-sent bitcoins from a corrupted wallet?
How can I check if a bip32 xpub key is valid using python?
How to check if raw transaction is signed?
How can I take the exchange rate (1-Crypto-to-USD) and convert it to the other direction? (1-USD-to-Crypto)
Possible to auto-send one btc transaction every x seconds to same btc address?
How do I get the originating address using Blockchain.info's recieving API?
Will a new block be found immediately, when there are enough transactions to fill a block?
Sandbox bitcoins status is pending
Valid fork in regtest - Change blockchain via RPC?
Is the SPV client model scalable?
How can I mine bitcoin faster?
Does AirBitz have federated servers?
Who determines the value of BTC vs USD?
Extract all public keys from blockchain
Which function is called to mine a block, broadcast the newly mined block & receive a newly mined block?
Why doesn't Bitcoin use a DHT for choosing peers?
What does the label field in Bitcoin-Qt mean?
How can I test if a bitcoin address is compressed or not?
How would this double spend attack be prevented?
Why was this transaction allowed on testnet?
Error in checkout while using Bitcoin Payments by BitcoinWay with WooCommerce, "CurveCurveFp Object"
Exactly Who or What Assembles Transactions into Blocks?
won't show my balance by "getbalance myaddress" but show balance by "getbalance". what is the reason?
Where is the UTXO data stored?
Here is bash script that auto transfers from hot to cold wallet upon threshhold met. Do you see issues?
Have I lost all my money to a typo?
Which release fixed CVE-2010-5141 (attacker can spend any coin)
I run bitcoind in linux centos server. but it give me error "sendto: Operation not permitted". why?
In India how does one accept or give Bitcoin? Do we also get a physical coin for a Bitcoin?
OP_HASH256 of a negative number
What Value does mining provide?
Why is pycoin getting the incorrect output address?
Blockchain API - Returns "Read timed out" when calling my website callback
Creating a Deterministic Keychain from BIP32 master public key
How many people own crypto currencies?
Trouble running bitcoin unit tests with test_bitcoin on Ubuntu
How to calculate the transaction size from the signed hex encoded?
How instantaneous is a Bitcoin transaction?
How do I use Bitnode API?
Android Bitcoin Wallet freshly installed, two addresses. Why two?
how to execute Ubuntu shell for bitcoind command in php?
Not possible to load the blockchain in multibit so can't pay or recieve either till it's loaded
Is extranonce sometimes necessary for blocking?
"Array& params": How to understand "&" after "Array" - type modifer?
Blockchain Receive Payments API Not Working
How do I print unspent transaction outputs of an address using pybitcointools
blockchain checksig fail
Sample programs written using python-bitcoinlib?
Call function for block n on blockchain
Bitcoin API with mixing service
I have a merchant that only takes bitcoins can I just put the correct amount in the wallet and then pay them?
Public API to verify transactions to a unique address as they occur?
What does Bitcoin Core's "Coin Control Features" do and how do I use it?
ELI5: What's the difference between a child-key and a hardened child-key in BIP32
Blockchain over 36GB and causing disk space issues
How can I run bitcoind in pruning mode?
Avarage block size
Erroneous blockchain transactions...more coins than I specified!
Multibit Private Key Restore
Why does Bitcoin-QT not seem to be catching up on my Mac?
What is the value of these bitcoin certifications that have popped up recently?
Electrum 2 validation: how is the HMAC always 01...?
Speeding up confirmation by double-spending a transaction stuck in mempool
Who runs the Bitcoin wiki?
Open Source Hardware For Air Gapped Computer?
How to login into my wallet?
BIP70 who issues the transactions, wallet or payment_url server?
Source code for SPV node on iOS - where to start?
import btc electrum wallet into coinomi
Stop Bitcoin Block ReIndex
wallet.dat file compromise
Exchanges whose websites use EV SSL certs?
Bitcoind crashes directly after starting
What is a mBTC?
Dogecoin qt build compiling error libdb_cxx headers missing
How to make genesis block transaction spendable?
Is it possible/feasible to send out large amounts of small transactions without paying fees?
Solo mining error
Why the same confirmed transaction in the Testnet has different block hash and other fields?
Problems generating addresses using bip32
Bitcoin Wiki mirror?
AntMiner S5 chain #2 intermittently operational
Bought a bitcoin, sender said it was sent, not showing in blockchain or wallet. Where is it?
Is Quark as secure as SHA 256?
How does difficulty get rebalanced in Digitalcoin's Multialgorithm mining?
Getting error when starting bitcoind in regtest mode
Why are there so many confirmations?
Was this message written by Satoshi?
What can a dishonest node do (or try to do)?
Is this pattern a tracking method or just a Bitcoin wallet making change to itself?
Having problem implementing Electrum's BIP32 Key deriviation path
How To Buy Bitcoins Within Wallet?
bitcoin two identical R
Do all implementation of Deterministic RFC6979-compliant ECDSA signatures generate the same signed transaction given the same data?
Raw Block data in Hexadecimals
Can anyone shed any light on this error? Bitcore Multisig - bad-txns-in-belowout
Using bitcore to create a transaction with two addresses and change address
How do I uniquely identify a transaction (to protect against malleability)?
Rise difficulty in code, still no changes after rebuild
Building bitcoind from modified "selfish" code - possible? how?
Bitcoins send out after syncing wallet
Why bigger blocks will bring bigger memory usage for miners?
Can I have multiple OP_RETURN outputs in one transaction?
Bitcoin privacy metrics?
How to add blockchain.info API key to pibitcointools
Are there any blockchain inspection tools/libraries?
Naming Convention In Bitcoin Source Code
Procedure for calculating taint?
How to best mine on a smartphone?
Implicit/Tacit mechanisms in Bitcoin Core disclosing Selfish Mining
What is the algorithm behind multisignature address?
How to decrypt a MultiBit private key?
What data is available to Ethereum smart contracts?
Is it possible to schedule function calls to an Ethereum smart contract?
Bitcoins and taxes
Transaction marked as "Newly generated coins" on Blockchain.info
same R value is used for two different addresses? finding z1 and z2 value and privatekey
Two identical R value finding z value from two transaction
Can an Ethereum contract be updated without having to be re-submitted?
Do I need an app and internet on my smartphone to enable a Lamassu ATM to detect and scan my QR code?
Is it possible to have a single input or output with multiple addresses
Where to find help understanding Bitcoin's source code in C++?
What are the top crypto-currencies based on funding?
Have any SPV users lost money because they accepted forged bitcoins?
What requirements does a router need to fulfill to support a network of 50 miners?
How do pools determine a pool-user's hashrate?
Setting up a basic test transaction for p2p donation web app - API recommendation
How many bitcoins would it require for a sustained DOS attack on bitcoin network?
Who makes the decision about blocksize?
bc.info transactions with no timestamp
Oauth - can my application use Stellar Oauth?
Auto formatting data into sendmany command
Having trouble solo mining
Zeusminer not being recognized with BFGminer
I have bitcoins on my smart phone. How can I see and use my bitcoins on e.g. my pc?
How to accept payments with Blockchain in PHP
What are some causes for long chains?
How to reduce Proof of Work in bitcoind?
How do I create a new address in Electrum?
Same identical R value of all transaction not provide corresponding privatekey
How many confirmation do i have to wait before i can spend the inputs I already received?
how to calculate transaction bytes of a x BTC? x=0.2
What values should be initially assigned to Checkpoints for a new Genesis block?
Move money/address from watch only wallet
What does this transaction mean?
Amount of block locator hashes in "getblocks" message
Are public keys and their corresponding hash values both added to a BitcoinJ Bloom filter?
How many unique public keys have been published to the block chain?
converting RUBY script into PYTHON ( Recovering private key when someone uses the same k twice )
What are the best criticisms of blockchain technology?
Nxt: TCP, HTTP, or both
How do you accept bitcoin donations on a steam group?
What is "trickling" in terms of bitcoin?
blockchain.info transaction timestamps set into the future
Multi Sig Sub Keys
Download of Multibit Windows 64 Bit has corrupt signature
BIP39 Japanese Mnemonic vector unit test process
How to buy bitcoins anonymously
Why do people say that bitcoin scales according to O(n^2)?
Is there a list of altcoin communities that has the most active developers?
Installing Electrum on a cold wallet linux usb
Satoshi's IP address(es)?
Why can't the block size upgrade be trialed on testnet with an organised "stress test"
Does RevokeSSL Require Self-Signed Certs to Work?
Electrum server over http
Is there any way that I could find out the market share of each miner manufacturer?
Block Broadcasting - Unsolicited Block Push
How to know if bitcoind synced?
Fixing libtool for -rpath problems
What is EUR to USD conversion rate at bitstamp?
How to query bitcoin database created by Toshi?
Best Practices for hardened keys in HD wallets?
Is it safe to store a sha256 hash of my BIP39 seed on the blockchain?
Are loans with enforced repayment possible on the blockchain?
What security threats does blockchain technology solve or present?
Transaction for real use / transaction for changin Bitcoin in other currencies?
Do transactions with null data take longer to confirm?
how to send money using json-rpc in bitcoin-cli for php?
Where is coinbase transaction after a hacker successfully performs >50% attack?
account id & bitcoin amount & message ?-> show website content
Notifications on low balance of a bitcoin address
Want to write my own solo cpu bitcoin miner
Problem with sendrawtransaction
Bootstrap.dat incorrect or no genesis block found
How do you broadcast a transaction programatically?
What regulations are in place for Bitcoin in California?
What is the waste ratio of the overall network?
Is there a service providing historical data for crypto exchanges?
What is "fed-peg" and "predefined functionaries" with sidechains?
Authentication and key distribution in bitcoin
Where can I direct download the NXT blockchain data instead of from the client?
Source for blockchain dump in machine readable format
Deleted wallet and missing coins
Pushing a large signed transaction (testnet) using Python
Two if's before sending an inventory message
How do I find out what block a transaction is in?
Running another instance of bitcoin-qt dedicated to testnet/regtest?
Electrum 2.x sweep feature
Turnkey webwallet and blockchain digital currency - the simplest to run?
Does there exist any cryptocurrency that doesn't tend to centralization?
Is there a PoW system that shows cumulative work without an ever-increasing proof size?
Bitcoin trading volume: what's going on?
Display missing parameters in cli help command on web page with JSONRPC
The setup steps for generating bitcoin addresses programmatically and checking for payments with walletnotify
transactions traffic jam possible?
create/sign/send raw transaction from specific Wallet account
Uncaught exception 'Coinbase_ApiException' with message 'Status code 401'
What happened to the bootstrap.dat provided by bitcoin.org?
What's happening in regtest mode? - Wireshark analysis
Where could I post an article about Electrum to get it reviewed?
Accessing Bitcoin core software through a mobile phone with no internet connection
BIP 100: What votes are possible?
Is there a bitcoin wallet that works on Amazon Fire Phone?
How to pay no fees?
Will 8 decimal places really be feasible in the future?
How to send/receive Bitcoins from cold wallet?
How to obtain Block number of transaction?
Bitcoin resistance against forged slow chain
Where could I find Peercoin's documentation?
Why is the block header 80 bytes, not 128 bytes (= two SHA-256 blocks)?
Automatic savings account using 2 wallets?
bitcoind (JSON-RPC) returned HTTP 403 error, i don't know why
Is it possible to buy half of a full bitcoin?
When creating a block, who actually generates the 25 bitcoins that act as a reward?
transaction malleability "attack" vectors
What is the mechanism of determining the transactions of a new block
Blockchain as a way to host truly free social website like reddit
Estimatefee value not corresponding to actual fee
Buying BTC with PayPal, preferably automatic, mid 2015
C# parse bitcoin blockchain to get balance of an address
If port 8333 is closed, will a node relay transactions to its peers?
How to connect to antpool?
txout script criteria (scriptpubkey critieria)
Will the upcoming block size increase be more profitable for miners, or less so?
Ramifications of creating Electrum 2.x seeds which are not BIP39
Recover multibit.wallet data
How can a miner choose which transaction to include in the next block?
Send Bitcoin payments to any bank via API
How to fork blockchain intentionally without RPC commands?
What do the red and green blocks mean in a price chart?
BTC-e funding/withdrawal methods. Anybody tried any of these?
How does the getblocktemplate request rate correlate with a miner's hashrate?
How could Bitcoin lending be secured?
Reduce Wallet Sync Time
What is the "1 RETURN" bug?
Unable To Find Transaction Outpoint
upgrading to bitcoin 0.10.2 fails
OP_EQUALVERIFY: non-equal data
How do I identify my IP address on bitnodes?
Pushing tx to the network via AJAX, without installing bitcoin
Who pays the fees for transactions initiated by a smart contract in Ethereum?
In Ethereum smart contracts is it cheaper to keep all the data, or delete old data?
What is NXT's Genesis Account's Passphrase / Password?
Is there a way to access Ethereum Smart Contract's variables by name in JavaScript?
Lightweight Wallets Communication with Blockchain
How to allocate hash power to an instance of bitcoind?
Where can I get a list of places I can use my Bitcoins?
Transaction broadcasted to the Bitcoin network but not in my mempool
Leakage of information about selfish mining - what message is responsible?
Relation between multi-sig and single-sig addresses (in BCCAPI library)?
Bitcoin Wallet Mining
P2Pool Node Latency
Embedding P2Pool technology in Bitcoin Core
Blockchain.info - Forgot My Secondary Password. How to recover it?
Does synchronization takes such long time for first time or every time when syncing?
Bitcoins lost due to outdated address
Bitcoin Core goes totally out of sync after pc crash
Finding private key
watch-only wallet with bitcoin-cli
order of group of points of secp256k1
bip 32 wallet with openssl
Script. OP_PICK/OP_ROLL
How to create a Safe and secure Bitcoin Paper Wallet?
How do I migrate to Bitcoin XT from Bitcoin Core?
What's the best way to integrate bitcoin API's into a wordpress site?
How does first seen replace by fee work?
Is it possible to discover the set of bitcoin addresses from a public key?
How to access locally stored inventory data?
None Standard Script Output OP_RETURN
Is it possible to have multiple accounts in MultiBit HD?
How to delete an element of an array in an Ethereum contract?
Title Agencies that Accept Bitcoin?
How to save your bitcoins to avoid gambling
How to check Bitcoin payments received or not
Dynamic coinbase as incentive to fill blocks
Should I be running Bitcoin Core or Bitcoin-XT?
Bitcore.io Create a raw tx hex (signed) to push to the blockchain
Mempool tracking
How to access peer's tip of chain?
Where can I find a list of reliable nodes?
Vanitygen to run 24/7 at VPS
Stress test? Whats it for?
Can an attacker with 51% of hash power change old blocks?
Where can I import my keys from computer to multiBit HD
sendrawtransaction without downloading blockchain
Overclock Antminer U3 running on raspberry pi
pycoin deriving wrong addresses from private key
Maximum number of op_codes in script
How much disk space do I need to run Bitcoin Core with txindex on?
When an attacker publishes a longer chain, does Bitcoin Core emit a warning?
Who recomputes and announces the difficulty in Bitcoin?
how do I send my imported wallet on electrum
Why P2Pool fails to attract more users and other pools surpassed it?
Why must UTXO be completely consumed?
Bandwidth speed for Bitcoin mining?
The complement of s (when s < curve order / 2)
which transactions does bitcoind validate?
Bitcoinj How to create multi-signature address using bitcoinj
Path notation for extended public key of hardened child?
Minimum Tranasction Fees
Good API for making shareware that accepts bitcoin?
Have bitcoin developers applied the solution for selfish miner attack?
How to determine public keys that were used to generate a multisig address?
Can the fee produced by estimatefee be artificially manipulated?
Do exchanges charge fees from base currency or from counter currency?
P2Pool Hardfork 14.0 where and when is it decided?
bitcoin core 0.10.1 upgrade stuck syncing
Duplicate r value for an address: only an issue for a multi-input Tx?
How to cancel the callback url registered on blockchain.info
Bitcoin Core cannot obtain lock
How many GH in 1 TH?
Bitcoind writes complete wallet.dat regularly which is a problem, what can i do?
How to migrate wallet from namecoin to namecore?
Meta-Mining: Can mining exist in abstract states?
Versions of protocols for BTC and TEST?
Can someone outline the full pros/cons of the various Replace-By-Fee proposals?
All else being equal which is better for the environment, Litecoin or Bitcoin?
What is the function of LOCK(cs_main)?
Transaction still unconfirmed
Is this brainwallet approach safe enough?
Bitcoinj Multisignature Address
Block Chain Library
ECDSA: (v, r, s), what is v?
Why the message is need in verify function
Import two wallet.dat into Bitcoin-Qt client
Can I ignore the blocks directory for time machine backups on OSX?
Blockchain API whitelist all IP addresses
no IPv6 peers connecting to my node
Compiling litecoind on Ubuntu 15.04
Total amount of nodes and avarage active peer number
Transaction without fee
Compact integer in Scripts
Ubuntu. (blockchain of version 0.9.3 compatible with 0.10.1?)
How does the bitcoin network recover in case of a hash collision in the block hash?
JSON decode of 1 failed
Avalon mining issue
Where can I access a NXT public testnet node?
Cryptocurrency with small block size limit or large block time
Getting bitcoin globe data
Bitcoin Client crashing while syncing
Does the electrum client decide the best chain on the basis of how much work was done, or how long the chain is?
php private key to wallet import format (wip)
Buy bitcoins with my regular AMEX (american express card)
Minerd not showing boo or yay
How does an SPV wallet use the headers that it downloads?
Possible to speed up reindex?
What is the max character limit when creating a Bitcoin Brain Wallet?
Can you use non-standard characters for creating a Bitcoin Brain Wallet?
What is stopping someone from creating their own "chain" in Proof-of-Stake systems?
Why were BTC not accepted in the Humble Borderlands Bundle?
What's the point of the hash160 field in blockchain.info API?
Release A Bitcoin From Multi Sig Address?
When did BIP66 switch from activation to enforcement?
What is SPV mining, and how did it (inadvertently) cause the fork after BIP66 was activated?
BIP65: "replacing ntimelock entirely"?
bitcoin stuck with no confirmations
Does an OP_RETURN script always need another output within the transaction?
I've tried everything from mining bitcoin to litecoin to other altcoins....why do I have no luck?
How does Bitcoin Core sort memory pool transactions by fee?
rpc get hex not json
How can I get the DateTime of when bitcoind last received a block?
what is the best software based solution to secure the private key in Bitcoin
bitcoin-qt restored wallet.dat all synced closes after correct passphrase "assertion error crypt" HELP
Are there any Python modules that decode raw transaction data?
How can I get the private key from multibit?
Send and Receive Bitcoin - development
Getting bx to create a private key from known chain code and a private EC WIF key?
How to use bitcoind with CUDA-ready box?
How to setup bitcoind 10.2 for solo mining on LAN with Bitmain S3
Does bitcoind accept batch RPC calls?
BlockChain API playground OR SandBox?
are there other sites similiar to coinbase and circle.com
How does Peercoin (or other PoS) prevent timestamp forging effecting hash attempts or random minting?
Need help with bitcoind " zapwallettxes " routine
Electrum + Trezor - Rename address labels only allows one label to be defined
RPC call gettransaction does not work on bitcoin 0.10.2
Is 12-word seed phrase safe enough?
The shortest ECDSA signature
Do the keys that are derived from a BIP-32 HD wallet depend on an initial seed?
Is it possible to shift/modify a ECDSA keypair by a scalar where the public key can be computed using only public information?
Metrics Correlated to "Health" of Bitcoin Node and Network
How can I regain coins on a device with insufficient memory to fully synchronize?
Why does bitcoin core need to download the blockchain
Out of order mempool TX
Reserve the connection for local wallets
What is the BIP-44 Coin Type for Dash?
Vanitygen Rekey_max
Why is POW/POS absolutely necessary to run public distributed ledger?
Broadcasting an OP_RETURN transaction
Trying to restart bitcoind when it dies
Transaction never confirmed over 2 days
Faking transaction?
Is there a difference between "In" and "Out" peer connections?
What if block N were based not on N-1 but on both N-2 and N-3?
BitCoin Api, Result Keys,BitCoin Protocol documentation
How to create HD Wallet using bitcoinj
How to return change (utxo - inputs) to output address?
Blockchain.info transaction unconfirmed for several days
How can SPV nodes trust received Open Assets?
Can old wallet.dat (offline long time) still receive money?
Bitcoin Testnet Trouble with bitcoin-ruby
Does a private key always generate the same public key and address?
Direct vote and SCP quorum
Why is a short blocktime considered to be unsafe?
What are the contents of the wallet.dat file? What is Key pool, default key and reserve keys?
When can I send 80 byte OP_Returns?
how is the private/public keypair for spent bitcoins connected to the private/public keypair which corresponds to my address?
Connecting to a bitcoind in "-regtest daemon" mode remotely from another node (e.g. BitCoinJ)
from Bitcoin Core to SPV client
How probable is a sybil attack?
How large is the current utxouts set
How to monitor the blockchain for new blocks
Selfish Mining: stale or orphan?
bitcoin address to Hash 160 public key : not consistantly reversible?
If price increases over a time period, what is the best explanation(s) if hash rate goes down?
Why new public key for every new request?
Antminer U1 running on raspberry pi not accepting shares
How do I get started with mastercoin? What tutorial or guide is a good start?
How does the Ripple recovery key work?
Why my mining has average so low
Which language has better Bitcoin API experience, C# or Node.js?
Can bloom filter be used to filter UTXO?
bitcoin dust spamming - could the blockchain be rendered useless?
blockchan.info payment processing, how long?
Trying to understand how bitcore-node stores the data in the DB
Why won't my bitcoin miner detect any of my hardware?
bitcoin:uri for sending payments to multiple addresses
How can I connect to bitcoind using the RPC interface with PHP?
Using the blockchain for providing other services, besides bitcoin transactions
Blockchain - How can I cancel my blockchain transaction, unconfirmed after +1 day
What happens to price when the block reward is gone completely?
How do the faucets earn money?
Ubuntu - Show active connections?
Is there a legal way and free way to open a Bitcoin exchange in the United States?
Estate planning: how can I ensure my bitcoins are inheritable?
Does this mean it's mining?
How can I withdraw my bitcoins from my blockchain wallet and convert them into cash?
Is a private blockchain better in any sense than a database?
What level of mathematical understanding do I need in order to contribute or to understand the crypto behind bitcoin?
jsonRPCClient.php not working
How is the next forger decided in Nxt?
Is it possible to execute a CLTV transaction in bitoin core 0.11 console?
How to apply blockchaining to data?
getnewaddress and watch-only addresses (importaddress)
Bitcoin how to get X value from Y
How to get pending balance in with bitcoinj?
Sending funds on same block of received funds. Confirm sending not received?
Relationship between concentration of bitcoin wealth and foreign exchange value?
What happens to unclaimed Open Assets (colored coins) asset quantity units?
How does Nxt agree on a chain when "active accounts" can be easily faked?
Restore Seed with Password
Is Bitcoin vulnerable to a Birthday Attack against Private Keys?
How to send an invalid transaction for testing purposes?
How to transfer bitcoin bought online to my desktop wallet?
Do Multi-Signature Wallets Require Two Separate Bitcoin Wallets?
Is there a (potential) "Blockchain size problem", and what solutions are available?
Which altcoins have their own mobile friendly wallet created by the core devs?
Is there a payment processing system allowing the client to pay in cash/fiat money?
Breadwallet: Recovery Passphrase
Decentralized Data Storage System in NXT - How do you disable the 2 week data pruning?
How to enable bitcoin tips between bbPress forum users on Wordpress?
Can i combine 2 devices to get more power for mining
Would a normalized, hashed, protected chainstate reduce miner storage costs?
Can you include a signature in a bitcoin payment?
Cheapest way to move money from MultiBit to Coinbase
How can a share be 'harder'
listtransactions returning duplicate transactions with category "Send" & "Received" both
Pegged transfer from private blockchain to sidechains - Issue
Why are transactions separate in a block?
Is there a comprehensive list of altcoins protocols natively supporting Multisigs?
Unknown key format when importing Private Key from Multibit to Blockchain.info
P2SH that pays out only to a certain Bitcoin address?
Recommended bitcoin wallet for beginner?
bitcoin compile error on CentOS 6.6: ‘SIZE_MAX’ was not declared in this scope
Why does my wallet size increase over time?
What does OP_CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY (OP_CSV) do?
Is it possible to have my blockchain on a different folder than that of my wallet files?
Are blocks sent only after finding nonce?
How can one extract an address balance at a specific height?
How are the assets locked and unlocked trustlessly using sidechains?
Problems with Blockchain API
About traditional Bitcoin mining
Is there a deterministic private-public keypair generator without the BIP32 private key revealing issue?
Fees when using leverage
Do we need to maintain the ability to do a reorg over 100 blocks?
What if I backup my wallet from a client that is not fully synced with the blockchain?
How does the bip32 version bytes convert to base58?
Using GPU mining with the Bitcoin Wallet
Is there any service/api for deriving HD wallet addresses from a master public key?
Do you receive interest on Peercoin if you use an online wallet?
Multibit password incorrect - what else can cause this?
How can I request payment to a set of addresses?
Can bitcoin and altcoin co-exist in sidechain? If Yes, strategy
Service that displays how many inputs/outputs there are in the blockchain?
What would you do while a hard fork lasts?
Problem while trying to set up bitcoinj
Bitcoin information data protocol
What is the function to get the object of a NXT asset in javascript?
Challenge difficulty adjustments
Could Bitcoins (or any other blockchain based cryptocurrency) feasibly ever be used for purchases that need to go through fast?
Generate addresses without private key: Stealth addresses vs Master Public Key
Can a cryptocurrency exist in a closed system?
I want to buy some xrp and hold them offline
Can synchronization time be reduced?
OS Windows Reinstalled, Bitcoin Core bitcoins lost, how do I recover them?
Bitcoin script stack numbers format
how to capture only one part of the getrawtransaction
What was the original rationale for limiting the maximum push size?
Retrieving BitCoin Payments, Confirmation Question
Restricting transferability of Smart Contracts
Bitcoin bet on price of Brent crude
How to get balance from a specific address in bitcoinj?
How do I restore a wallet from a backup file in MultiBit HD?
How can you restore a password in MultiBit if you are given the wallet words BEFORE you even enter a password?
How can I start to mine?
paytxfee vs maxtxfee which one overrides the other
POS Receipt payment identification
How can one figure out what version of Bitcoin-Core is used most?
Quick way to find transaction
Mining incentive and bitcoin limit
OP_CHECKSIG signature hash type 0
how do I figure out the hash rate of my computer?
How do I prevent Bitcoin from synchronizing?
x , y coordination division
How to transfer bitcoins from blockchain.info?
Can you use any Bitcoin address as a Counterparty token receiving address?
Cannot access blockchain.info through Tor browser?
Why does an exchange of bitcoin transaction not need to be over a secure connection?
Will there be 21 million bitcoins eventually?
how i can make bitcoin address generator like mycelium gear using php script
Why should retailers prefer bitcoin over other cryptocurrencies that have shorter confirmation time?
Can a client leave its mark on the blockchain?
Is there a service that can track how a coin flows from one wallet to another visually?
Why do transactions propagate?
Is "previousblockhash" always returned from getblock RPC calls?
Blockchain.info not sending my IPN to my website
Why are there regulations when buying/selling with USD
Import OLD wallet.dat to new Bitcoin core
Must block contents be stored with the proof that they haven't been changed?
Noob question about mining
!setBlockIndexCandidates.empty()
Is the mnemonic passphrase enough to backup with deterministic wallets?
Blockchain.info returns "None Standard Script Output" when submitting a transaction?
In the BIP39 specification, are seeds generated from encoded or decoded passphrase?
Please help! How do I transfer my wallet from bitcoin core to MultibitHD?
Understanding basic Bitcoin Transactions: the scriptPubKey.addresses array
Is it considered safe to create a wallet on blockchain.info?
What is a Bitcoin wallet?
How do I restore a Multibit HD wallet from a backup using only a password?
How to tell how many hashes/sec the bitcoin core app on osx is running?
Why are change addresses not associated with an account in your wallet?
Consolidate to one wallet service
What order does Bitcoin Core place the inputs it spends in?
p2pool not showing hashrate
Will your shares be lost if you restart p2pool before the payout?
problems with GUIminer
How do I make p2pool accessible from outside my network?
Does bitcoin provide non-repudiation?
how to use bitcoind jsonrpc for regtest or testnet server in php?
Trying to send Bitcoins from testnet to my regtest node
How to handle POST data sent from Blockcypher WebHook API
Why hasn't my bitcoin transaction gone through?
Is 250mb/month enough bandwidth to support the internet needs of 4 mining rigs?
testnet server won't get any btc from TP's TestNet Faucet. what is the reason?
what is the bitcoin.conf for testnet3?
how to get confirmed balance for bitcoin testnet server?
How to transfer bitcoins from one Currency to Another from Brazil
How do I detect a double-spend in real-time, like Bitpay?
Do all Bitcoin client enforce checkpoints?
What happens to Bitcoin wallet / Bitcoins if PC is stolen
What is the public key used to generate the Genesis block?
Will the decreasing Bitcoin production cause a liquidity crisis?
Are BIP 100, 101 and 102 being voted on now by Bitcoin miners?
Why is JSON-RPC over SSL "strongly discouraged"?
How is time encoded (BIP65) in scripts?
Can I install a wallet on Windows Server 2008?
What is the use of hashing the public key to obtain the bitcoin address?
Best method for getting bulk address information (total sent, received, and final balance)
Wanted to back up blockchain to save space, now I cannot open bitcoin QT?
How fast is BitcoinJ for getting UTXOs(/UnspentTXOuts)?
What is Gas Limit in Ethereum?
How do I determine my transaction fee in an automated way?
Is it possible for computing power to increase quick enough to break mining retargeting?
How can one create a Genesis Block for a new Proof of Stake Cryptocurrency?
What is the impact of Bitcoin XT fork on current Bitcoin holders?
Is Electrum's label sync a decentralized service?
Why are r and s modulo N? (not P)
Does Bitcoin mining benefit at all from having more video memory?
What will happen to my bitcoin if both Core and XT remain indefinitely?
Receive money in regtest mode
Where can I see the "official" texts of BIP 100 and 102?
Ethereum - how is the output of a contract computation verified?
I am new and I did not get bitcoins
How to spend bitcoins From Account and specify Fee
Solo Cluster Mining
Could increasing Block size solve the "End of mining" issue
I sent bitcoins to my wallet before it was synced. Is there anyway to transfer the funds to a different wallet without waiting fo it to properly sync?
Why does Bitcoin use the input/output system?
Multi-Sig bitcoin in testnet
Why is my miner offline in Slush's Pool?
Is there a way to find how many nodes are there?
Does Ethereum support the features necessary to create the Lightning Network?
Fastest filesystem for blockchain?
Can I upgrade the software on Cointerra TerraMiner IV?
Constructing, signing, and pushing a Bitcoin transaction by using pybitcointools with Python
Checkout time for consumers in stores accepting bitcoins
Why does wallet.dat differ after running?
Why it is not possible for a payee to verify double-spends of the coin?
Bitcoin Core V 0.10.0: Is there a way to force send when not synchronized?
Always rejected shares (Antminer U3 / Minera /CGminer)
Does the block size issue also apply to Dogecoin?
What are version bits?
Extortion attempt
How to start programming using Ethereum?
Is there an API that supports different Bitcoin wallets?
Can Bitcoin Days Destroyed be a better resolution mechanism for competing blocks?
My miner doesnt show up on network but running?
Transaction ordering when one transaction redeems another within a block
Continuous integration setup using bitcoind regtest on travis-ci
How do I determine the value of new altcoins?
What's the point of having a stack-based scripting language, if only a few standard forms are allowed?
Are Bitcoins contained associated with a wallet or with an address in a wallet?
Armory Bitcoin Wallet Code and GUI application
Escrow Services
Writing a GPU Bitcoin mining client (learning purposes)
I have lost my blockchain.info wallet identifier and used a fake email, does anybody know if its recoverable still?
How can I get the Fee involved in a Bitcoin transaction using RPC client (bitcoin-cli)?
bitcoind and bitcoin-cli 'unrecognized', how can I access them from command line?
Why aren't block solutions sent to a multicast address?
Where is the code making OP_RETURN a standard transaction type?
Have I lost my Bitcoins?
GPU VanityGen with AES Encryption?
how to get total send balance of account in orbitcoin wallet?
How does the scriptPubKey for this test vector work?
XPUB export from MultiBit HD wallet
Bitcoind listtransactions return only received transactions not showing send payment
Can i put Bitcoin Bitcore on Flashdrive?
Account Addresses after moving wallet.dat to new computer
Shabal256 code explanation
Multibit notification
Creating a Bitcoin online wallet service
Can Bitcoin Core be used to create a raw transaction for CLAM altcoin?
How to add bitcoins in my wallet?
Mysterious transfer of BC
private key to wif - need help converting to base58encode (step 6 to step 7)
multiple deposits using the same address for investment
Do all UTXO get moved to the newest change address?
How do you spend a P2SH transaction?
In Ethereum, what is an uncle block?
What are spent transactions?
What does this blockchain.info error mean?
question on Armory bitcoin wallet scripting
Hot wallet and cold wallet
Bitcoin Core Network Configuration
How does Bitcoin Core's Coin Selection prevent change to be a dust output?
Get as many blocks as possible (stale, invalid, orphans)
How to store data on the blockchain?
I just lost 1.36275883 ($313), and I don't know how it happened or how to prevent it again
i have good pc can i mine on it, if i don't have to pay for electricity?
Historical bid/ask prices
publicly available json-rpc node for bitcoin-cli connection
Is it possible to mine bitcoin to get a profit?
Validate chain from `valid-headers` to `valid-fork`
Compute TxID of Bitcoin Transaction
How does a filterload client that recieves an incoming transaction retrieve the transaction it's spending?
What is the hash function used by Bitcoin proof-of-work?
Where is the spec of HashCash so that I can implement it in Java from scratch?
How to create the same (2 of 3) multisig adresses as electrum's multisig wallets with createmultisig?
Bread wallet iOS app
What is the P2P technology/protocol used by Bitcoin to find nodes and distribute messages across them?
Proving to a title agency a bitcoin transaction occurred?
What is the protection against a malicious node with a bad block chain?
Would an increased blocksize lower the stress of the stress tests?
What are the chances of someone coming up with a new and simple/out-of-the-box solution for the double-spending problem?
What advantages and disadvantages does Ethereum have over Bitcoin?
How does Ethereum achieve consensus?
Given a Bip38 encoded private key, Can you derive the address without knowing the password?
What are the main technical hurdles to implementing UTXO commitments?
how to make Instant Payment Forwarding
When does a miner decide to stop collecting transactions and start calculating hashes to try to win?
How can a block be considered more difficult to solve/hash than another one?
What is the format of the value of a transaction in the litecoin ledger
Can a smart mind explain block difficulty calculation in lay terms?
Wouldn't it be better to have used Java for Bitcoin Core? Is there a good cryptocurrency that went with Java from scratch?
Secret Key value for decimal versions over 127
What prevents an attacker from doing DDOS on bitcoin network by sending billions of transaction to himself?
Where does the current Bitcoin Core currently fail static analysis, if at all?
Using bitcoin in a startup company
Can we use google cloud service as a virtual server to mine bitcoins and is there any profitability of using their service?
Do foreign bitcoin exchanges need to be liscensed in every US state?
Split transaction
What happens when two txid's collide?
Is Ripple centralized or decentralized?
How to create both anonymity privacy and still achieve address reputation for merchants
How does the variable length integer work?
Bitcoin physical monetary equivalent
When are multiple transactions spending the same output in the same block considered a double spend?
Blockchain.info API - Check transactions from one address to another
What is bitcoin core developers solution to the increasing number of transactions?
Has the BitLicense affected other U.S. state regulators' actions?
What happens in detail, when Bitcoin Core verifies a block during synchronization?
How do I check if an address belongs to my wallet using bitcoinJ?
Run bitcoin-qt at startup of Windows server
How can importprivkey compromise wallet security when importing a publicly known private key?
How to get paid providing full node services?
Slush's Pool Worker Offline?
How do USB ASIC Miners Work?
How may I get paid with a free bitcoin website?
A "Hello World" of bitcoin?
Get blockchain info for exchange transaction
What happens if I receive a payment after deleting the payment request
Bitcoin Core - server uptime, privacy and security questions
Are multibit HD (or other no web wallet) and Blockchain.info wallet words compatible?
How can you extract private keys from MultiBit HD?
Using MultibitHD to request payment
Even if transaction fee is set to BTC 0.00001, transactions remain unconfirmed
mine the transactions on solo
sent coins to wallet address, but bitcoin-qt shows no balance
Merging blockchains after algorithm change
trying to transfer my bitcoins from my unsynced bitcoin qt wallet to new online wallet by createrawtransaction but it comes with error code
How to synchronize with the bitcoin blockchain via bitcoinJ
can i update my bitcoin qt 0.7 to 0.11 if my wallet has never synchronised and i'm still waiting to receive my bitcoins
why banks are trying consensus algorithms like ripple
Blockchain.info receive payments API, bitcoins lost?
Blockchain Application
How to create a sending address with Bitcoin Core?
What happens when Bitcoin's blockchain grows to 1 Terabyte in size?
Is there some client like Bitcoin core, but which highly compresses the blockchain?
How to determine if a public key point y is negative or positive, odd or even?
OP_EQUALVERIFY Problem
Do checkpoints in the block chain help to avoid a 51% attack that rewrites the entire blockchain?
How do I get merkle branches using the Stratum protocol?
How can I get the input addresses of a transaction in Java?
Using a Bitcoin or Litecoin miner for attacking PBKDF2 / SHA-256
How can I send altocoins from a long wallet adress 24-30 characters to a short wallet address that most exchanges have?
What happens to non-standard transactions in the case of a blockchain reorg?
How do on-line wallet or bitcoin exchanges usually secure their private keys?
Block loading stuck on 1 year 13 weeks
BIP 38 Implementions for Altcoins?
Village running on bitcoin tech
Basic transaction validation rules, Node accept to pool policy
(CHECKSIG) Why is the ScriptPubKey from tx-inputs part of the signature?
GUIMiner not utilizing 2nd GPU
How much would it cost to do a 51% attack
Node Operators Reward
Why I can't see the balance increasing in my wallet?
Export a list of addresses associated to blockchain.info account
What does it mean ERROR code=-28, message=Activating best chain?
Do transactions happen globally synchronized?
Non standard transaction value negative, empty sigScript, empty Pubkeyscript?
Bitcoin .11 Initial Blockchain Download Problem with OS X 10.10
Wouldn't bitcoin benefit from distributing partial blockchains over each node?
Export Private Keys from Bitcoin-QT
Will my wallet be extended or replaced when I recover another wallet in Breadwallet?
Butterfly Labs Little Single No Devices Found
Compiling Stellar-core on windows: where does mingw/cygwin come in
Based on a certain amount of addresses, is it possible to find out how many bitcoins a specific wallet includes/owns?
What miner can I use to mine litecoin with the scrypt hash function?
What is the maximum number of names (domains) that can be registered with NameCoin?
Which command line software tools are required to mine litecoin
How does Transaction Remote Release work?
Why are there not miners on homebrew
blockchain.info says transaction is complete but electrum dosnt show it
What is confirmation notificaion in bitcoin via block chain API
What is my incentive for sending old blocks?
Coinbase transaction's 100-block cooldown period
Bitcoins disappeared?
How to restore Multibit HD keys using cloud .zip.aes files
Bitcoin credit card
CHECKMULTISIG a worked out example
Spending unconfirmed output from a change address
Can transaction validation really be free?
Does Bitcoin Core support HD wallet?
How can I watch all addresses under HD wallet?
About blockchain.info Api Usage
Bitcoin transaction broadcast
Redeeming physical bitcoin and transfer from mini private key to my wallet
-walletnotify on 6 confirmations instead of 1?
What drives the price of bitcoin, in other words, what makes it go up or down?
Where can I find the structure and layout of what exactly gets hashed by miners?
Why is OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY disabled by maximum sequence number?
(Bither) how can i send my bitcoins?
What is the genesis block?
Best Python API for sending Bitcoins from a Multi-Sig wallet
CHECKSIG description from the wiki
Conflicting transaction in memory pool
Vanity address time caclculator
what is good starter for trading with bitcoin
How to get value of incoming transactions from Blockchain.info API
Using Bitcoin with MEAN stack
blockchain - Anti-virus service
How do I resolve an accidental double spend?
Could Blockchain be used for a different currency, leaving bitcoin behind?
getnewaddress (RPC) on encrypted bitcoin wallet without wallet password?
Does bitcoin mining need a lot of internet bandwidth
Is there an easier way to run multiple altcoins in one service than operating each daemon?
What SIGHASH flags does CoinJoin use?
Bitcoinj: How to get notified when coins are received
Difference between wallet and mining software?
What is the use case of bitcoind ZeroMQ?
Payment confirmation (3rd's party point of view)
So you really can not set an exchange rate....?
Transaction still pending after 12 hours
Wallet Address(MultiBitHD)
Can transactions scale sufficiently to compensate the diminishing block reward by fees?
Is my understanding of locktime correct?
Bitcoin Wallet - An unconfirmed transaction that was later resent and confirmed still shows up on total
Is it possible to search for an transaction to or from an address with a time period filter?
Would sidechains help Bitcoin scale?
Is there a service where you can generate public/private keys without anyone knowing? Like a tamperproof digital envelope
Where is the public key corresponding to my address stored?
Mining , hash and Nonce
If I lose a Trezor then how does the replacement get access to the same wallet?
What is the fastest way of litecoin mining?
Calculating a sum of received bitcoins
Should I be concerned about my Litecoin pool not showing anything but my invalid shares?
Is it possible to split a key for transaction signing without using multisig?
How do I add two secp256k1 keys together?
How many users did Mt.Gox have?
Bitcoinj: How to fix error "You should use Context.propagate() or a ContextPropagatingThreadFactory"
where can I get the NEW Hardware? to make profit
Can't handshake with my node
Unconfirmed Transaction - Paid Fees
A conflicting transaction has been detected in our memory pool. The transaction hash displayed below may change
How do I retrieve the funds on my Core wallet when I can't synchronize the blockchain?
this bitcoin address contains transactions which may be double spends. You should be extremely careful
How to calculate signature generation, signature verification, transaction verification speed?
Transaction rejected by our node. Blockchain receive API
What multi-sig wallets are there for Android/Jolla?
Bitcoins stuck - No double spend possible
How to create a bitcoin clone?
bitcoin payment accidentally sent to Bitcoin-Qt application's sending address
Sender address from DecodeRawTransaction (C#)
How long does it take to propagate a new broadcasted message in the Bitmessage?
Can I anonymously self-publish books on Amazon and get paid in Bitcoin?
bitcoinlib 'There was a problem sending the request to the wallet'
I Want To Confirm That My Bitcoins Are Being Held In New Wallet
In Proof-of-Stake, can a block creator fudge the block hash?
In Proof-of-Stake, can the same miner mine a block multiple times in a row?
How smart property works on basic bitcoin blockchain?
Selling copies of blockchain database on disc
Buying stocks or bonds with bitcoin
Is it plausible to make a decentralized rendering farm by creating a new cryptocurrency?
Where can I report bitcoin scammers?
bitcoind: How to find the block from a TXID?
Send Bitcoin programmatically from my iPhone app
Trying to import Bitcoin ATM wallet into Armory
Does getrecievedbyaddress work for all addresses?
In Multibit HD, is there a way to see all of my receiving addresses?
How to make a vanity throwaway address? Similar to 1BitcoinEaterAddressDontSendf59kuE
Can a malicious majority miner rewrite history?
help unconfirmed for a day
Copying my Blockchain account to Multibit
How to access Latest Transactions using the Blockchain.info api?
What is the difference between Gridseed ASIC and Scrypt ASIC
Running out of memory, how can I reduce the size of wallet.dat?
C# How to determine if a bitcoin address was generated by a BIP32 pub key?
Safest way to store bitcoins
Picture of blockchain
Why is sharding not possible with a distributed blockchain?
Why are existing distributed database technologies not applicable to cryptocurrencies
Is there a liquidity aggregator service for bitcoins?
Would it be wise and extra secure to use non-ascii characters in a brain wallet?
OP_SHA256 mismatch!
Armory on Linux
Why do most trading platforms require ID Verification?
How do I use Stellar API to power my Universal Trading and Multicurrency Payment+Transacton Gateway?
How much will one bitcoin cost when the 21 millionth bitcoin (the last one) is mined?
SPV Bloom filter construction, are false positives taken from the blockchain or just due to matching with other addresses
Shadow-plugin-bitcoin simulator
When did the ASIC mining era begin?
Timelock Transactions
Cannot obtain a lock - Already deleted lock file
How to trigger port for Bitcoin client (e.g. 8333)
Can I add Bitcoins by address?
Setup a private bitcoin network
Upgrading from classic to hd
how do i identify the location of a transaction?
Bitcoin Shop - question
Can an onlooker even learn anything interesting by de-anonymizing a transaction?
What is the variable valertpubkey in net.cpp for?
Can I issue digital currencies in instead of shares in a business?
What is fTestnetToBeDeprecatedFieldRPC seen in chainparams.cpp?
Best backend wallet for web service
Bitcoin testnet not connecting to hardcoded ip addresses
Starting point for listening to bitcoin network transactions in Python
Why was the Oct 2015 Transaction Malleability event possible in spite of BIP62/66?
What is [::]:0 address in bitcoin debug.log?
How to develop an ownership tracking service based on bitcoin blockchain
is there a new coin in the market that can be mined using CPU only?
Is it possible to get information about forks in the blockchain?
What values are legal for the transaction's version field?
correct settings for cgminer 4.9.2
bitcoind calls walletnotify before it's ready to process API calls
Why is CheckBlock called twice when processing a new block?
LogPrint() output location?
Is there a Bitcoin service that works like Western Union?
Is the scriptPubKey of a previously unseen transaction in an incoming block checked? If so, where?
Bitcoinj: Multiple wallets
Am I paying Double fees?
Payment reference
Ripple Consensus
How to get a single value in BTC-e API
Transactions that have outputs value more then inputs value possible?
Desktop Client Recomendation
Reset bitcoin blockchain checkpoint to mine 0th block
Differences between MemoryBlockStore and SPVBlockStore
Getting Bitcoin address from Android Bitcoin wallets
Why I am not seeing received money in my electrum?
How to secure my Electrum wallet?
Bitcoin transactions reserve more coins than needed
How do I transfer altcoins from cryptsy to bittrex?
Ripple: How is an UNL (unique node list) constructed?
Bitcoin market hours (open/close prices)
If we know transaction ID can we check more info about it on the web?
Bitcoind daemon get received notifications by public address
Bitcoin HD wallet forwarder without depending on a 3rd party?
Why has this blockchain transaction not confirmed?
How to get the "BTC" abbreviation via command line?
Really are Bitcoins untraceable?
How can I recover a blockchain.info wallet without the wallet identifier or the mnemonic?
How peer discovery works after connecting to hardcoded nodes?
When is it a good time to invest in Cloud mining?
How to identify the owner of a Bitcoin address?
Why do you need the *complete* blockchain to mine bitcoins, why not just the last n blocks?
Blockchain.info block explorer error: Transaction rejected by our node. Reason: None Standard Script Output OP_RETURN 4f410100010100
Has anyone proposed a human only proof of work system?
I have sent a person some bitcoin. He never sent me the goods. How can I get my funds back?
Exchange Transaction/Widthrawal Fees - i don't get it
Is there a working, functional, maintained way to accept bitcoins through a Wordpress site to an Electrum wallet?
In bitcoin network will there be a path from every node to every other node?
How to set up a private bitcoin network with mining on a single machine?
Is it possible to "unmine" particular coins?
Trying To Get More MH/s Litecoin Mining
Bitcoind stopped working
Can contracts programmed in bitcoins be used to scam merchants?
BTC to BTC trades on Ripple
Bitcoin Core keeps crashing
How to get best hashing results AntMiner S4
Controlling bitcoind connection bandwidth
How to call JSON RPC API from C?
how fast does a Sapphire R9 280X Varpor-X Tri-X can and how can i calculate the bitcoin i can have pers day?
Bitcoin sent from unsyncronised (2013) Bitcoin-Qt wallet to Multibit wallet have not arrived
Is Gpu mining still an option?
Is it possible to use the Bitcoin technology as a reputation system for sales?
How do I import my wallet.dat file into a new wallet?
What happens when the last bitcoin is mined?
Does Bitcoin ensure all messages will be broadcast?
Unable to limit tcp bandwidth using tc in QoS for localhost
What's the maximum possible utxo growth rate now? Can that be turned into an attack?
List of blockchain explorer APIs?
How many blocks are there in blockchain as of today?
Very Slow Mining on CPU with 8 Core Xeon E5-2660
What are realistic expectations for an ethereum miner on AWS?
Does AUTHORIZATION_REVOCABLE flag affects all credits help or up to any amount?
Should I join a pool?
Using the bitcoind, can I query if funds have been sent to a multisig address?
Can I exchange BTC from CoinBase?
Can a Bitcoin block be less than 1mb?
How does Stellar multi-signing happen practically?
Consequences to reducing `checkblocks` in console on a node?
Why can't bitcoin miners modify transaction outputs?
Should I validate transactions using the rules in BIP62?
What is the largest password/passphrase size for a wallet.dat file?
Abrupt increase in difficulty of proof-of-work
Why can't Bitcoin use a very large blocksize such as 1GB?
What does blockchain.address.listunspent exactly return?
Callbacks using blockchain.info's API
Electrum: seed is 0 length . Lost seed
I need Fiat -> BTC merchant service
What hardware do I need to get started with Bitcoin?
How is the size of a block calculated?
Problems in recovering from a seed of Multibit HD
Monitor bitcoind node traffic?
Starting out with Armory - can I make it go faster?
Can a blockchain be created that forgets transactions whose outputs have been spent?
How to sign a transaction with multiple inputs?
Unconfirmed Transaction disappeared when I pressed "repair wallet"
In what scenarios can the blockchain size decrease for bitcoin?
How should one manage the Bitcoin blockchain on a Linux laptop with limited storage?
Wallet not updating with balance and database error
Simulating -walletnotify option in Electrum
Inheritance and Bitcoins
64: non-mandatory-script-verify-flag (No error) (-26)
Service to send Bitcoins or Altcoins over a specific amount of time? Doing it Decentralized?
As of today (2015-Nov) how many different anonymous type altcoins are there?
Need to increase mining operation power handling
Why is this transaction stuck?
Bitcoin: error parsing json in bashscript to send BTC using sendmany command
How can I find out the current exchange rate of Bitcoin/USD?
Good Bitcoin Mining Software?
How do transaction volume and block reward relate?
Cold storage for bitcoins
Missed a letter on the bitcoin address when sending
Is there a website widget or javascript library that turns any Bitcoin address into a clickable widget?
Bitcoin's Cryptographic Integrity
How come the block reward keeps only getting halved but there is an upper limit for bitcoins in existance?
What does cache value signifies in UpdateTip log messages?
Blockexplorer.com API POST error
What is the biggest bitcoin transaction ever performed so far?
Getting started
Is there a way to accept fiat currencies online without having a credit card and having the fiat automatically converted to Bitcoin?
In the ASIC-age, is it worth starting mining Bitcoin at home?
Why do transactions get verified before it is clear that the block header is valid?
How To Buy Bitcoins On BTC-e (USA)
Why do web wallets using multi-signature need 1 of N keys?
Is Bitcoin a corporation?
Can I have multiple working public keys per wallet?
How do deposit bitcoin works?
How can we run regtest without transaction fees
Include Bitcoin-Transaction within database-Transaction
Transfer coins from Armory paper backup without Armory
Bitcoin raw transaction hash signing
Which inputs will be spent?
How can I find my Bitcoin address on Airbitz?
Are there drawbacks to the Thin Block patch?
p2sh checksig failing
Digital currencies pegged to dollar value
OSX Bitcoin Core frozen on login while "Activating Best Chain"
How would Bitcoin's purchasing power be measured after fiat were gone?
Xapo api tutorials
Bitcoin disconnects randomly in regtest mode
Why would a Tx's inputs not be assumed to be owned by a single service?
Bitcoin taxes question for USA
Problem getting bitcoins into Bitcoin Core on Mac
Why would anyone use a payment network based on an imaginary currency?
Electrum wallet shows zero balance
BTC Exchanges and Counterparty Risk
How to sign messages deterministically with bitcore?
Can the bitcoin supply be expanded?
Bread Wallet on OS X
Recommended resources or tuts for Bitcoin/Bitcoin Exchange clone using Ruby/Rails?
Bitcoin offline transaction
Using SIGHASH_NONE in P2SH address
Are there any signatures where the recid (v) is equal to 29,30 (or 33,34 compressed)?
0/confirmation race attack double spend transactions
Automatically restart bitcoind on crash
Looking for a place to buy bitcoin with a credit card
Are there any legitimate cloud mining services?
Can I use curl to call getInfo from a the Bitcoin server?
namecoin name_firstupdate
Would it be profitable to manufacture and sell my new mining hardware?
Why was finding a hash beginning with a certain number of zeroes chosen as the proof of work?
Is there any way to store personal data in a blockchain?
mysql instead of leveldb for bitcoin core
Any way to delete unconfirmed transaction?
Trouble using existing .wallet with MultiBit HD
Is there any way to buy bitcoins online without a fee?
Mining for nil-transaction blocks only - gaming the incentive scheme by rogue miners / consortium?
How does ripple verify the signature?
'The node is not in a connected state' error when trying to execute OP_RETURN transaction with NBitcoin
Economic effect of Bitcoin
How do I configure Bitcoin Core to connect always to a particular node?
2 years and 30 weeks to import blocks?
Getting a bitgold prepaid debit card
Transaction priority
Filesystem is corrupt. How to find wallet.dat?
Unconfirmed/pending transaction in MultiBit no longer exists, but my coin is still gone!
What is the point of downloading the blockchain?
Bitcoin-QT issues with non standard filesystem
Sell bitcoin for 0% fee
Transferring Money from China to another Country Using Bitcoin
Is it possible to win the Bitcoin lottery?
Transfer wallet from Armory to Bitcoin-Qt
What does the IRS tax in terms of bitcoin practices
How to read the asset quantity list of open asset protocol?
bitcoin-cli get all tx hashes for watch-only address
Could someone solve for your private keys by sending many transactions to the same address?
Transacting bitcoins while there are no Accept rules in iptables
When a block that has a transaction with change in it is successfully mined, is the change transaction included in the newly mined block?
When I'm downloading the blockchain for the first time, from whom am I downloading it from?
What properties does the DNSSeed list at bitseed.xf2.org attempt to have?
Why pose limit on update ratio of network difficulty
What block version is this: d9b4bef9 (decimal: 3652501241)?
Is there a shortcut for a synchronized bitcoin core after txindex?
Is the reward for successfully mining a block a transaction on the bitcoin network?
The Ethereum gas limit seems prohibitively low. Will it ever be raised? If so, when and how?
name coin applicability to RDF data model URI specification
Problems checking BTC current balance using blockchain.info's API, am I correct here?
Estimated profit of a $400 21's RaspberryPi-ASIC computer?
Was there ever reasoning presented for the size of a satoshi (i.e., the minimum amount of bitcoin that can be transacted)?
Any advice for attorney accepting bitcoin?
How much data traffic does participating in P2Pool mining cause?
Bitcoind with ZeroMQ support
What does "Activating Best Chain" mean?
Regular Expressions for DER signature hex (also req, address, TxIDs)?
Antminer S5 Chain 2 stops after a few hours
How would one get accounting software that is compatible with an "alternative chain?"
why is the blockchain necessary if bitcoins utilize cryptography
How much out of order are the blocks stored in the blk*.dat files?
Why does Bitcoin keep transactions in a memory pool?
Running a Full Node through VPN?
Do web wallets keep customer accounts isolated?
double spending
How often do miners recalculate the merkle root they're working on?
Sync of bitcoin main-net does not finished yet. Are there any ways to speed up it?
Why the amount of listunspent and getbalance is not the same when each data is called by API?
Is Bitcoin's value the same, country to country? If not, which valuation is correct?
Is BitCoin still uncontrolled with all those mining pools?
Convert a list of 64 hex keys to private import format
How to create a partial signed multisig transaction with pybitcointools (Electrum)
How do I make Bitcoin Core listen on IPV6?
How do I backup the Bitcoin Core data directory?
If Blockchain miners weren't paid would there still be trust in all bitcoin transactions?
Could you tell me how to rebuild bitcoin-core testnet node?
Probabilty of a Race Attack in time t with hashing power q
Selection of dependent variables - Time series regression on Bitcoin Price in USD
Awarding yourself more than 25 bitcoins
Energy backed cryptocurrency?
I sent btc from my wallet to my web site balance, deposit never showed
Why is a chain code needed for entropy in HD wallets?
Coinbase API: Create bitcoin wallet for app registered users
Ethereum - contract
Can the mining pool with the most mining power always win?
Is there a way to sign a transaction with BTC or any Altcoin without a computer using only pen and paper?
What exactly is the input for the Hash pointer in block k+1?
Chainstate database for download
Wallet didn't include fee, transaction stuck on unconfirmed
Why isn't Bitcoin using public key extraction from signature to reduce the blockchain size?
Why are brain wallets not secure? People keep saying it, but explain to me why?
Cryptocurrencies based on RSA instead of ECDSA
Are there any publications about deanonymizing Bitcoin?
Does blockchain.info wallet or mycelium wallet use Bitcoin core?
Is it accurate to refer to Bitcoin as "money"?
How can I manually add a receiving address in MultiBit Classic Wallet - disconnected during confirmation
What is the best way to monitor non-wallet addresses for new transactions
How is a transaction verified in a micropayment channel?
What if my Internet Service Provider decides not to let me send bitcoins?
What is the risk of waiting for just one confirmation to validate a transaction, assuming the counterparty is not a miner?
Can google steal my Bitcoins if I store the private key in Google Keep note
If I were to generate an address and it happens to collide, legally speaking, would a transfer constitute theft?
Is there anyway I can be notified on my phone when I receive bitcoin?
What am I doing wrong with my BitcoinXT test net setup?
ubuntu usb drivers to run bfgminer
On public keys compression, why an even or odd y coordinate corresponds to the positive / negative sign respectively?
How to access bitcoin client from ruby using Rpc client?
PEM format for ECDSA
ASIC and FPGA feasibility as GPU
How to send btc from the specific address using bitcoin api?
Can I see a transaction sent to me if I haven't downloaded the whole blockchain?
Regarding Stellar as an Alternative currency transaction manager
Using Bitcoin ATM in NYC
A complete bitcoin implementation in Python?
Import Wallet.dat with bitcoins on it
Help a newbie: How to buy Bitcoin without giving bank account info?
How to understand Bitcoin source code
Beginner's Explanation
which cloud backup files do I need to keep
Bitcoin multisig tutorial
Bitcoin core does not have all unconfirmed transactions
What are cash outlays & expected inflows for an individual miner?
Withdrawing Ether from Cryptsy to geth
What explanations are there for the bubble of 2013 and subsequent Bitcoin price in 2014?
What if any proposed blockchain enhancements that require hard forks would require new ASIC hardware?
Does Bitcoin have a built-in life expectancy?
What portion of the mining process does an ASIC perform?
Is mining something specific of Bitcoin?
The begining of Bitcoin
Impact on Bitcoin value due to lost bitcoin wallets
How does one submit a transaction to the network using the blockchain.info API?
Supposedly 'Satoshi' was found in Australia… is there any way to verify this?
What happens to the overall value of Bitcoin when a huge amount of coin is lost?
What would happen if there are more blockchain imitators like Factom?
Get transaction fees per transaction via gettransaction
What are the various block size increase proposals?
Is there any concrete evidence that Wright & Kleiman were involved or not involved in the creation of Bitcoin?
Coinbase wallet address listed as spent without spending
bitcoin payment using Blocktrail?
What is "segregated witness" and how can it improve network scalability?
Police raid home of bitcoin 'founder'
How do I build bitcoin transactions graph?
Get "Value at time of transaction" from blockchain.info api
What are the segregated witness tradeoffs?
Limit order versus Market order
Will people not spending their Bitcoin cause Bitcoin to fail?
what is the longest period for a transection to be confirm?
Is it cheaper to store data across multiple instances of the same contract?
No connection to Bitcoin network from known Tor IP?
How to connect bitcoind mainnet node on AWS EC2 by using rpcjson?
How to find out where I sent my coins in 2011?
Antminer U3 not detecting in cgminer nor bfgminer?
Bitcoind has too slow API call performance on large wallets
Wallet account value
What is the real value of bitcoins
In stratum mining pools, are most miners working on the same set of transactions?
Why can't a transaction be redirected after it is signed?
How to open the port 8332 on EC2 instance?
Won't ASIC miners eventually break SHA-256 encryption?
Transaction won't confirm
Why are coinbase transaction outputs greater than reward?
How to get the MPK using bitcoinj and how to generate the addresses using the MPK?
What are the arguments for and against deprecating transaction priority?
Guides/books on how to start a Bitcoin-accepting online business?
What does event_base_dispatch do?
BitCoin Price Index -Studies on Relation to Network Hashrate and Block Difficulty?
Bitcoins never showed up in wallet. Yet sender says transfer complete
Can Bitcore decode a raw tx?
mining command-key term explanation
How does the blockchain work, explained in layman terms?
How out of block chain transactions work, and is there any API for that?
What is the difference from coinjoin and a coinshuffle transaction?
eth says that I just mined something: now what?
Does a transaction with a lock time need more time to be confirmed?
Which mobile apps support swiping/importing private keys via QR code?
Using BM1380(or other) Mining Chips
Retaining Ownership of an 'Approval' Indicator Coin
Syncing node to usb 3.0 drive taking ages
cgminer: how to read the ASIC temperture
Do I need to keep updating my wallet address in faucets?
Testing BIP47 test vectors
What do Bitcoin Core options "maxreceivebuffer" and "maxsendbuffer" do?
Validate a payment using bitcoind and json rpc
Any Innovations in altcoin tech for Bitcoin’s Script language?
Buying from country A, selling in country B
how do nodes verify that a block has been solved and can be added to the blockchain
What will happen to Bitcoin when it takes years to complete a calculation?
What's going on with my node traffic?
How to use MySQLFullPrunedBlockStore with bitcoinj-core-0.13-bundled.jar
Dog identifier in blockchain
Export all address from bitcoind on one server to bitcoind on another server
Solo mining without a pool?
eth says I have a balance of 35 ether - etherchain can't find my address
If Bitcoin time value is 4 bytes, is that Unix time from 1970?
Bitcoin-based Distributed Donation Systems, whichs do you know?
Why is my bitcoind daemon not listening on RPC port at 8332?
What causes the wallet functions to be disabled?
Derive new public keys from a public key?
What is the precise nonce finding protocol?
Will an attacker's forked branch of block chain be used in bitcoin confirmation?
How are messages exactly sent in bitcoin p2p protocol
Will buy and sell offers from one trader be matched with each other?
What is the actual reason for using boost:signals for few functions?
Is it computationally feasible to find two transaction IDs with the same first 20 bytes?
Sending from Coinbase to Blockchain wallet. Numbers explained?
I Transfered Bitcoin without synchronizing Bitcoin core
A question on CNode class data members
Quantity of traffic on test network
Environment for building Bitcoin core in Windows
Question about getblocktemplate
Where is the source code that allows new coins to be generated?
What's the safest way to buy bitcoins in India?
How can i bring my bitcoins back to me?
Understanding Multi-threading (boost) in bitcoin initialization
Bitcoin Core - Bought bitcoin to a 'sending address', what can I now do, nothing is showing up in my transactions
Can Armory be used for mining?
What exactly does "Federated Servers" mean in blockchain space?
How can the transaction history be checked when new addresses are generated?
Can I use Bitcoin elsewhere except in the deep web?
What's the difference between a 4 core VM running a Bitcoin Node vs. a 16 core VM?
Is it possible to use bitcoind as a private blockchain?
Why is this unconfirmed?
Initital block downloading does not start
JSON RPC from external server
Why is this (testnet) transaction considered invalid?
Block inventory messages
What's a good way to "swipe" all funds into a secure wallet while hiding common ownership?
I cannot send btc before my last transaction get confirmed
How does CDataStream data find its way into a socket?
Normal hashrate but no accepted shares in
MULTIBIT: How to restore wallet with following information?
Transact Bitcoin with no internet
How long to get an accepted share?
What is the approach to calculate an Ethereum address from a 256 bit private key?
Details in double spend detection
Verifing the given R/S pair (signature) against a hash using the public key
International Bitcoin Payment Platform
Blockchain.info Receive Payment callback problem
Is 2016 a good time to buy an ASIC miner?
Can bitcoins be exchanged for nonlicensed "Professional" services?
Are there any complete Bitcoin systems?
Is Bitcoin a decentralized time-stamping authority?
Gigahash vs Megahash
WARNING: abnormally high number of blocks generated
How to run a full node: Am I already doing so?
Ethereum: Cannot use master password on Ethereum wallet
Why would a Bitcoin miner take less than the full reward?
Finding the timing of blocks, afterwards?
Blockchain Tools for Voting Among Small Groups?
Offchain transactions
Is it safe to authorize Coinbase to withdraw cash directly from my bank account?
Encoding my Bitcoin Address with Base58 encoding
Is it possible to determine the total amount of timelocked Bitcoin?
What PSU to use with antminer s7
Do larger blocks make it harder for smaller miners to compete? Why?
How to monitor 2of3 Coinbase Vault wallet using xpub
What was the nature of the temporary 500K block size limit imposed by Bitcoin Qt 0.8.1?
Looking for a Project Ideas
What parallel, distributed computational techniques can be used for Bitcoin mining?
python-bitcoinrpc: only DEBUG available?
Problem In Creating Genesis Block Twister-Core using Ubuntu and (Qt Creator IDE)
Library ZMQ to Java does not work
Installing insight blockchain explorer - is bitcore mandatory?
Creation of <20-byte hash of redeem Script> in a P2SH Transaction
Multisig and Bitlicense???? Can a business even be a custodian?
What advantages does Armory have over Bitcoin-Qt?
Understanding skip pointers in BlockIndex in bitcoin sources
Multisig address with a specific required signature
What are some http mining pools out there?
Algorithmic trading python library?
Table of coin parameters
Creation of P2SH MultiSig Input Script
Can we make Sybil attacks virtually impossible?
I Restored My Phone Wallet and Now All My Coins Vanished
How to compute merkle root without coinbasetxn?
Help with understanding Semaphore grants in OpenNetworkConnection
Why does ONLY some connections have 'addrlocal' in getpeerinfo output
Able to send 0.2BTC from old to new wallet w/o fee as of 2016?
How do Reusable Payment Codes work?
Is there a way to force fail the transaction in testnet network
Regtest: address is still at zero after sending some bitcoins
Is it important to have an unencrypted backup of the private key?
Why would someone use a BTC faucet if it pays 200 satoshi every 15 minutes?
bitcoin-cli very slow to respond to RPC calls (Raspberry Pi)
How is mining profitable if a $10.000 ASIC will generate like $63.23 per month?
Why isnt a random port chosen for SEED node sockets?
Where, or how, can I get a complete history of difficulty?
What is the cheapest fee based bitcoin / altcoin mixing service to keep myself anonymous and from being tracked?
What is the correct code flow while sending a message
Multiple wallets on one browser
Did Satoshi Nakamoto Really Publish A Second Paper In December, 2015?
Why is the Mastercoin Exodus address used in every mastercoin transaction?
Are mastercoin transfers transparent on the blockchain?
Not Getting shares but have decent Hashrate
Why blockcypher send transaction is throwing fatal error?
QT to Core wallet
How is Bitcoin's Multi Signature different from NXT's account control feature for security?
ECKey.ECDSASignature creation
Blockchain.info may have created a bad private key
Can I import a Receiving Address
bitcoin testnet daemon stuck
Bitcoin Core wallet update schedule and transaction
Projects built on the Tendermint platform?
I need to find a pool that supports cpuminer
Decrypt my private key using KeyCrypter
berkeley db debian wheezy
Displaying rotating bitcoin address
What is the canonical way of creating merkle tree branches?
What is the difference between inbound and outbound connections?
What do pruning nodes contribute to the network?
Creating publicKey from random programtically in c#
Recover Old Bitcoin Wallet (Currently getting a Segfault)
Javascript Bitcoin miner is it even worth it?
Paranoid Merchants on double spending
Running a full node on a macbook?
EasyBitcoin-PHP very slow
Bitcoin Mining -> A mining pool that pays in USD (preferred) or BTC per Unit Time per CPU rate
Proving collisions on Bitcoin addresses without discovery of the private key?
Is that safe to expose public key to the mainnet
How to derive the 'addresses' field on an output from a serialized tx
getting the unspent bitcoins based on bitcoin address
Is Ethereum essentially Bitcoin with Turing-complete Script?
Is simplified payment validation (SPV) decentralized?
I'm not able to mine as much Bitcoin as I was able to a couple of months ago
Electrum wallet giving dust error even for larger amount
Anonymous Buying/Selling
Funds still showing in old Armory wallet/address after being sent+confirmed to new Electrum one?
How to reward mining in a blockchain that doesn't store currency?
Will Confidential Transactions allow us to reuse addresses safely?
Transfer BTC to EUR to someone else's bank account
Why scriptPubKey is a series of commands?
Import Multibit HD Wallets
Is there a way to get the node's local time when a block was received?
Are there any web wallets around with open APIs?
How relevant is the Chinese Great Firewall in the blocksize debate?
What technical properties does a confirmed Tx have that an unconfirmed Tx does not?
Is Lightning Network vulnerable to sybil attacks?
Reject all other Blocks and allow only my own mined blocks
Segregated witness soft fork: how is the funding Tx made "ANYONECANSPEND"
What currency do the antminer pools generate?
What contributions have Blockstream developers made to the Bitcoin project?
How to track and handle double-spend attacks?
Armory cannot find bitcoin installation in Ubuntu 14.04
How does IBLT_diff reveal the transactions that needs to be retrieved?
Is there any platform where we scan a QR-code and receive the Bitcoin payment?
How to generate Ed25519 public key from private key using libsodium?
Does Blockstream have a revenue model that can only exist in a small block environment?
Why is it dangerous to hard fork the Bitcoin network?
What has happened with the investigation of mtgox.com?
What is the best method for creating a paper wallet?
Is it feasible to use the Blockchain technology without the Bitcoin?
Where can I find the Bitcoin white paper in plain text markdown format?
How can I pay someone in another country?
Bitcoin-cli balance minconf
How do I export my private key on MultiBit
Multiple public keys - Total received funds
Size of the blockchain after pruning
blockchain transactions dump file
Searching for EUR exchange with high trading volume
How to install a private testnet?
Payout method PPLNS or PPS?
How does restoring an HD wallet work?
How to decode raw tx hex programmatically
Testnet: mandatory-script-verify-flag-failed when doing OP_RETURN
Is there any come back when an exchange goes bust?
Is it possible to get the public key from a transaction input that is a 'pay to public key' output?
Pay to Script Hash Execution
Installation troubles... Compiling from source code on a mac book pro
Does every full node verify every transaction TWO separate times?
Bought Bitcoin from ATM, haven't showed up
How long do files stay on the Decentralized Data Storage blockchain when using NXT's Data Cloud Feature?
What is the api function call to access NXT's Data Cloud feature?
Can I force my company to pay me in Bitcoin
Bitcoind move address to other account
Can one receiving address from my Wallet be linked to another from the same Wallet?
Recovering a HD wallet from a partial seed phrase
What are some essential features of Bitcoin classic?
Can a hard fork effectively double the value held in bitcoin?
The 21,000,000 BTC Limit Issue
Is it possible to schedule a transaction in the future?
setting up and verify a wallet under special circumstances
Bitcoin transactions to the network
Expected value in pool mining vs. solo mining
Online Bitcoin Script simulator or debugger?
bitcoind sendfrom with minconf=0
Bitcoin core stopped sync'ing (without downloading all the data). How can I make it resume the synchronization?
How does PoW solved in miner.cpp gets transferred to main.cpp in source code?
OP_RETURN with Multisig
Where can I see the code of how the UTXO set is updated in case of a fork in Bitcoin Core?
Does mining with multiple computers add up?
Are sequential blocks more likely to be "empty" if solved by the same entity?
Losses when trading with bitcoins
Downloaded bitcoin core and it says synchronising with network, how do I get it to download the blockchain?
Should you be able to insure Bitcoin the way banks insure bank accounts?
Are bitcoin Merkle trees always binary?
Algorithmic efficiency for transaction lookup in blockchain
How is it possible to say that a bitcoin was fully spent?
Can unupgraded nodes that accept zero confirmation be fooled after SegWit?
I want to launch my own simple sidechain pegged to bitcoin for testing purposes. Can it be done?
Whats the public key required for in a transaction?
What are the trade-offs between transacting on Lightning Network and Bitcoin mainchain?
Getting the wrong hashes for bitcoin core packages
What is the probability of forking in blockchain?
Bitcoin Core crashes on XP twice
Electrum - Setting up a server - Problems!
Halving reward, price effects?
Connect a mobile client to wallet on remote Bitcoin Core
How do I purchase Bitcoins?
Reject TXs based on fee in comparison to TX size?
Find private key
Can wallet created from Bitcoin core be transferred to an Android device?
I spilled a little bit of candle wax on my Bitcoin private key and now it won't scan electronically what can I do?
How do I get my public address in Bitcoin Core?
Change the fee on Multibit
Do the leading zeros in the desired hash pattern for mining change?
easybitcoin sendfrom not working to errors
Why do we need CCoins in addition to CTransactions?
How to add coinbase transaction with libblkmaker
Why does my Antminer S7 power down right after startup?
What power cord to use with BITMAIN PSU?
Block size depending on transaction count
calculate transaction fee in a block
Why can't we switch private and public keys?
Bitcoin-qt bitcoin.conf location?
I imported my private key into blockchain.info but it says 'no free outputs to spend'?
libudev error while configuring cgminer on fedora 22
Is it possible to exploit the use of the same private keys on different crypto coins?
How do I move my wallet from Windows 7 to a new Windows 10 machine?
Are there Ethereum API wrappers?
What blockchain (or similar technologies) allow for "splitting" the network, offline?
How do I still have connections without forwarding port 8333?
Is there any wallet that allows safely storing private keys in an offline computer?
How one checks which customer made a payment
BTC transaction issues
storing bitcoin's database directory on an external drive?
Restore a wallet from an external drive?
Can you reset 'used' addresses that were actually never used?
Who benefits from mining?
Who mined the infamous block 364422?
Send BTC with attachment using BitcoinJ
Is there any way for me to recover or reclaim a confirmed but unspent transaction that was sent to the wrong address?
Transfer different currencies between wallets
With Mike Hearn quitting Bitcoin, what seems to be the future of bitcoinj?
I am new to bitcoin, and GUI miner won't work on slush's server
Why does getNewAddress take so long? Often times out python-bitcoinrpc
Bitfinex get credits and convert timestamp to JS Date
Can I get a Bitcoin credit card?
Adding fixed seed nodes as DNS doesn't seem to be available
Bitcoin Core Problem
Coins not yet refllecting in wallet
First time buyer, questions before I screw up
PSU for Bitmain Asic miner
How to calculate monthly income in bitcoin mining? What is bitcoin difficulty?
Who is the certification authority in Bitcoin?
Blockchain Receive API - custom Parameters
Security within a deleting blockchain model
Butterfly Labs ASIC for rendering in 3dsmax
Bitcoin Core extremely high syncing time
How profitable was GPU mining in 2011-12?
How can I make Bitcoin start with a simple `bitcoind` in the terminal?
Transaction overriding in lightning network
How to make cryptocurrency easier for law enforcement?
How would an atomic exchange of assets be implemented in a blockchain?
Does mining without a realistic chance of solving a block provide any benefit to the network?
What are the key differences between factom and tieron?
Why does Satoshi's public key have the uid "BuZz Spacedout"
Can I pay someone else to operate a miner on my behalf?
What are the advantages of using my own blockchain versus the Bitcoin blockchain?
Use several PC to generate vanity addresses
Is there actual consensus on the blockchain's tip or only until the next block?
How can I export my wallet from blockchain.info to Multibit?
did Satoshi anticipate large pools?
How secure would it be to use my toy bingo machine to generate a bitcoin private key?
Why does bitcoind use a fork of LevelDB for key-value storage?
Hash-based crypto-currencies?
How thoroughly has Segregated Witness been tested?
Are there any altcoins that have tried a contentious hardfork?
What makes blockchain technology so attractive to non cryptocurrency applications?
Help verifying bitcoind "full node" installation on Debian box
What makes a trusted source trusted?
Where the P2SH script gets written?
Has the bitcoin network ever been "down"?
How can one generate a vanity Bitcoin address with both a given prefix and suffix?
Do Berkley DB versions need to be the same?
Why does the "global lottery" prove the validity of the blockchain?
How can I transfer bitcoins from a MultiBit wallet to another computer?
How to get fee in a transaction with unconfirmed inputs in bitcoinj?
Does Bytecoin use SHA-256?
BitMinter gpu mining error
How many nonce can resolve block
Is there dedicated mining hardware available to mine cryptonote coins?
C Compilation Error Following README
running a full node on a network restricted to outbound connections on port 80 via proxy
Is there a way to create a transaction that it can only be confirmed after another unrelated transaction has been confirmed?
Other server wallets than bitcoind recommended for a ubuntu server
Why change the nonce instead of just rehashing?
Why does bitcoinj need block headers and how it gets transactions
How to get list of all transactions in bitcoinj wallet?
Building a web app to collect Bitcoin payments. How should I monitor transactions on payment?
Can I sign a message with an Open-PGP key?
Solving block with number current number of transactions
how do I get list of all "used" addresses in bitcoinj
transaction limits with bitcoinj library
How can you make bitcoinj not use change addresses?
Is Bitcoin mining chance based?
What would happen to the world if Bitcoin were the only allowed currency?
How many block chains exist?
bitcoind removed from version 0.12?
check if transaction is spendable in bitcoinj
Can a clever hacker still steal everyone's money from the blockchain.info wallet?
Would it be possible to change the p2p protocol used by the bitcoin-clients without a hard-fork?
Bitcoin Core is moving to an edge router role
How does the U.S. government view Bitcoin? Is it money?
What is Bitcoin's locktime feature exactly? How can it be used?
Why does bitcoin have a value?
Majority attack no drawbacks (unlike bitcoin wiki suggests)
Should I buy my Bitcoins now before a 2016 fork happens with Classic vs Core?
sidechains: alphad, claim-on-sidechain error from alpha-tx: not found
starting alphad what is the correct rpcconnectport
Reverse wheresgeorge.com for BTCs
How to determine the last 1k blocks and their Miner Software?
How can I add an old Bitcoin wallet address from Bitcoin Core to MultiBit HD?
Why are compressed private keys typically longer than their uncompressed counterpart?
Storing the intermediate code to generate new encrypted keys
How to check Bitcoin wallet balance without any API
Can A Mining Farm Profit From Transactions
How do TorCoins work?
How to use Bitcoin Core's submitblock method
Bitcoin Core initialization taking forever
How was 59 days determined with 1 TH/sec from "Mastering Bitcoin"
Previous block hash on first Bitcoin block?
Transaction will not confirm!
Is the 21 Bitcoin computer using Core or Classic?
How does one install Bitcoin Core on a CentOs server?
How is nSequence interpreted with CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY?
How would you end up with more than two transaction outputs?
Test network completely removed from the real network?
Why did Bitcoin Core wallet send my coins to this address?
How do you calculate a reasonable transaction fee?
Bitcoin Armory startup issues
bitcoin-cli not found on OSX
How to lookup the transaction fee for a particular transaction?
Manually crafted multisig Tx: non-mandatory-script-verify-flag
How is transaction fee calculated?
Do unconfirmed transactions expire after some time?
In Bitcoin QT 0.12 for Windows, how do you whitelist an IP address?
if nobody is mining then there will not be bitcoins generating anymore and verifying bitcoins ?
Set a standard transaction fee in bitcoind
bitcoin transaction stuck in limbo
Is there any way to make a transaction invalid if it is not confirmed before a certain block?
Making Bitcoin Core 0.12.0 maximize by bandwidth
How is a node in the middle prohibited from keeping the money in a routed Payment in Lightning network?
Bitcoin not reaching Recipient
What is the magic number used in the block structure?
Migrating from Electrum => Bitcoin core
How to verify that the recipient received a payment?
How to mine a genesis block?
Does the node count reflect the mining power support of different Bitcoin versions?
Bitcoin gone with "this transaction is not yet confirmed"
Why would increasing the Bitcoin block size lead to a more centralised system?
Is it true that colored coins or digital assets (counterparty / ethereum / nxt assets / etc.) have an issue of paying fees?
Connection refused from external server
Found my multibit.key file, what now?
How are Fees Charged at Kraken?
Does anyone know how to enable "Massively Reduced Disk Usage for Wallets" feature in Bitcoin Core 0.12.0?
Bitcoind in a Windows Azure Worker Role
Manually banning nodes through CLI
Server requirements & optimal configuration for Testnet
Can I install custom software on an Antminer S5?
Unconfirmed transaction for nearly 3 months
Simple version of blockchain? Blockchain for training
Blockchain research
Has consensus been reached regarding the block size?
Bitcoin / blockchain security proof
Comparison between Bitcoin and other currencies
Why is the hashrate getting so high?
Would miners have an advantage by proceeding randomly?
Hacking Question: Hiring a developer to run bitcoin core to process bitcoin payments on site
When I pay, how is my balance checked, if I use different address every time?
How to check Bitcoind is mining?
Ruby: How do I create a wallet and import an electrum seed using money-tree gem
Crypto-currency interoperability
Do transactions including CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY get mined immediately?
Onecoin vs Bitcoin
Bitcoin Halving - What is it? How is it calculated? Does it affect my bitcoin balance?
How to add parameters like "-regtest=1" to a JSON-RPC call in C#?
What is 'spendability of coinbase transaction after 100 blocks' in Mastering Bitcoin referring to?
blockchain size issue
Is Bitcoin Classic binary-compatible with Bitcoin Core?
How can you tell a block is Classic vs Core?
Should I include the fee in the sent bitcoin amount?
Difficulty set by pools
Where are my bitcoins - unconfirmed transactions
get any transaction in p2p manner using bitcoinj
Storing scripts (smart contracts) outside the blockchain
How to generate bitcoin address?
P2SH (pay to script hash) within a script?
Can exist bitcoin network with all nodes behind NAT?
Stopping 21 bitcoin computer miner
How can I use Bitcoind on Ubuntu if I installed from PPA?
What is an "insecure transaction type", as mentioned by Bitcoin Wallet for Android?
How should a node deal with a block that is not connected to the chain?
Multiple addresses in transaction
BitCoin Core Error Message: "Assertion failed!"
Linux Mint: root running bitcoind on startup?
Softforks details in a 0.12 full node
what's the difference of the two trading engines?
What is meant by getnetworkinfo: networks: reachable = false
buying bitcoin with Amazon gift card
bitcoind not booting, tons of output in debug.log file
Unconfirmed bitcoin transaction for more than 3 days
What is the proper way to authenticate to Bitcoind for multiple users?
Do I need to be synced with the network to make remote RPC calls?
Create raw transaction in python
Can't make successful call via remote JSON RPC
How can I fix corrupted encrypted wallet.dat?
Where is wallet.dat file?
How does the GreenAddress refill (relock) work when its nLockTime expires?
Displaying the bitcoin wallet on the internet
Where is data folder for Bitcoin Core in Windows 7?
track criminal payments from Locky
I lost my private key
How does one set up and configure a Butterfly Jalapeño for mining?
How to import a 64-byte long private key
Can I use Bitcoin to recieve funds from Egypt
How are bitcoins reassigned?
Why is Poisson instead of Negative Binomial used for computing attacker's potential progress?
How would SPV proofs be verified when moving assets back in 2-way pegged sidechains?
Bitcoins lost in Bitcoin Core?
How to copy wallet.dat from v0.10.2.0 to v0.11.0.
Is an AntMiner S7 batch 14 good?
Efficient way to migrate a pruned node
Litecoin privacy techniques
Fingerprinting Bitcoin client, from public information
What's the difference between PoW and PoS?
Blockchain.info send may transactions API v2
Safely buying bitcoins in person
Fine tunning a Rapsberri Pi 2 B+ full 0.12 node
How do i retreive my bitcoins that I purchased but never receaved because of the dodgie bitcoin qt years ago?
Bitcoind fails to start on Centos 7
help my Bitcoin core wallet won't sync
How is it possibile to verify payments without running a full network node?
Save transaction space with economic Scripts
Connecting Genesis Mining to a bitcoin wallet
ZebPay - Direct sell from wallet
How can I send thousands of small amounts (10'000 sat.) to bitcoin wallets without paying to much fees?
How do I get bitcoin price without any external source?
Transaction ID not found- Status still unconfirmed after a month?
How can I tell if my Bitcoin wallet is working?
When I use the "send_many()" function in the blockchain.info api, have I to pay the fee only once or for each?
Is there any way to contact the makers of bitcoin qt and bitcoin core?
I can't access my wallet at Bitknock cloud mining anymore
What is 500K in Bitcoin?
Transaction fees and transactions with bitcoin-cli. Wallet address balance negative
How is Bitcoin money?
What is the maximum amount I can send with "sendmany()"
Where can I find a record of blockchain soft forks?
How do I keep my transaction from my CC to Bitcoin anonymous
Does the private key of Bitcoin change everytime the address changes?
BitcoinJ - How to Create a wallet properly. (seeds, etc...)
Transactions seen by peers, but not confirming
Where can I find records of blockchain branches?
How mining works?
Is the SHA256 value in the bitcoin address wiki accurate?
Getting the lasthash on a bitcoin full node using bitcoin-cli
Is there a maximum amount of money a transaction can handle?
How do miners detect double-spending?
Dogecoin Core Wallet 1.10 - Help - Encrypt Wallet Option not available to allow staking
How can I make this PHP merkle root script recursive?
Can a competitive miner be crafted at home?
How does AsicBoost work?
Capturing IP address of transactions submitted to Bitcoin
Electrum and public note
Second, Third, Etc Confirmations taking a long time, why?
Why is the witness data fee discounted by a factor of four?
Can you mine Monero using sgminer?
test net block time wrong
How Bitcoin handles addresses collisions?
How to build my own bitcoin system?
Do Bitcoin miners verify validity of merge-mined Namecoin blocks?
Visualize Merkle tree
How to find bitcoin balance via command line
Where did the idea of blockchain come from? Git was already using it since 2005
How can i send bitcoin using c# and the nbitcoin library?
Altcoins with plaintext transaction messaging
Bitcoin adresses seem not to be collision resistant. Please tell me I am wrong
How do I relocate my bitcoin data in bitcoin-qt to save space?
Bitcoind daemon return "timeoffset" : -10,-15,-50,-60 and more
How do I remove hard coded seeds from the bitcoin source code?
./learncoind not connecting to DigitalOcean Droplet
Doubt about the MultiBit wallet
Have a 0/unconfirmed transaction stuck over 12 hours
What happens when an attacker completely controlls your Internet connection?
How can I create and distribute my own private blockchains in a scalable way?
Empirical analysis of blockchain branches: once every 380 blocks?
How to track bitcoin wallet activity with extended public key?
What can I do with Bitcoin Core to see my current balance?
Bitcoin core installation
Verification progress decreasing when validating genesis block
Why do bigger blocks make it more expensive to run a full node?
How does the Bitcoin block propagation process recover when false positive happens?
Bitcoin-Qt does not unpack the bootstrap.dat
Bitcoin adress security questions
Why are all redeem scripts standard, but only a few pubkey scripts?
How do i get info from Bitcoin QT 0.7 to Bitcoin QT 0.11?
How are paths found in Lightning Network?
PUSHDATA4 unnecessary?
Why isn't my transaction going through?
one time pad using blockchain
How does the Lightning network work in simple terms?
What hardware and bandwidth requirements would a server need to fulfill to run Bitcore?
Multibit HD Wallet Stuck For Days (Unconfirmed)
Bitcoin-qt console on cmd
SegWit and SPV-mining. What if...?
Version bits: Why did BitcoinXT choose to set THREE bits to 1 (0x20000007) to flag BIP101?
Can I run bitcoind without BerkeleyDB 4.8 installed?
Getting or Building coinbasetxn to create the Merkle Root
Generating Bitcoin Public and Private Keys
Do Miners have to get below the Target or the Bits value?
Where can I query the UTXO database?
Is it possible to Send the total balance of Bitcoin from the Wallet using rpc without having to specify the exact amount?
Is centralization in the Lightning network inevitable? Why (not)?
My first transaction using Bitcoin-Qt
What is a Buy as opposed to a Sell?
how To mine Bitcoin With Server?
Why do you have to search for TXIDs in little-endian?
Connect to regnet from my WalletAppKit Android app
How to update my RaspNode? no GUI only CLI
How does bitcoin handle extreme transaction volume?
How to find values of Prev_Hash and Tx_Root
To what end do miners typically put "nonstandard" transactions
Is the merkle root random? (Crytographically secure?)
Finding forks in the blockchain
Bitcoin ZeroMQ and Scala application
How to exchange small amounts of dogecoin to bitcoin?
Safety differences between full wallet encryption and only encrypting the private keys?
Generate Unique address for each users?
Using PHP with RPC and cookie
Where does bitcoin-qt store it's initial settings
JSON-RPC Connection Problem!
Can a transaction have more than one recipient?
Settxfee does not work in RPC
How do nodes rebroacast transactions
I bought 1BTC and the transaction was instantaneously, how?
Please help. BTC has left Armory wallet and shows as gray, but says "Not in the blockchain yet"
Error when trying to use OP_CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY from bip112 on testnet
If SegWit only increases the capacity to only 2-4x only. Wouldn't we have the same issue in a few years again?
how base point of bitcoin public key x , y formed
How can I recover last word of BIP-32/39 mnemonic copay second signature multisig wallet
Bitcoin boom and bust - Inherent instability of Bitcoin
What is the exact value of upcoming block rewards?
What are the possible Doomsday scenarios for the 2016 Halving from 25 to 12.5 BTC per block solved?
Why is target stored in the block at all?
Is the Lightning network a proof-of-stake system?
Bitcoin transaction unconfirmed for 7 days
Private Brain Key Generation and Public Address Not Matching Java
A common criticism of Segregated Witness is that it is "unnecessarily complex". Why is it chosen over alternatives?
Trezor Custom Mnemonic
Stellar UTF-8 Support
What is the memory usage for checking transaction inputs?
How can a lightweight client make sure output has not been spent yet?
0 active connection to bitcoin network (testnet)
Is the getnewaddress command available before synchronization is completed?
Height mismatch between bitcoin-qt and bitcoin explorers
How is "bytes to push" distinguishable in the scriptPubKey?
How many confirmations do bitcoin escrow websites wait on average?
How to apply RBF (Replace-by-Fee)
What options does one have to manage Bitcoins?
Confirm own incoming transactions
Are there any other anonymous developers like Satoshi Nakamoto and BCNext that abandoned their project?
Is blockchain necessary?
Where can I get a complete, 1-minute precision OHLC data for the BTC/USD trading pair?
How can I set the transaction fee when creating a transaction through Bitcoin-cli commands?
How are transactions collected into new block?
Who decides that the new block is ready to hash?
How to upgrade my node with bitcoin wallet GUI from 0.11.2 to 0.12.1? Install qt V5.5?
How to get Master Chain Code
How can I mine Monero or other altcoins using Azure Cloud Services?
I want to start mining new blockchain (exactly as Satoshi did in 2009) for testing purpose
Generated a transaction id but not seen on blockchain
Gridseed not mining bitcoin - no shares accepted
What makes a Bitcoin Miner chip such as an Antminer different than a usual CPU?
How to use JSON-RPC in C++ in Linux?
Legal status of Blockchain proof-of-existence TX (USA court)
Claim or Refund Functionality Implementation in Bitcoin
Generate QR Code tesnet
can man in the middle change transaction before its broadcast?
Bitcoin - BitGO - Save all wallet objects into Array of Objects
Will mining be viable after the halving?
Restrict the Bitcoin usage only during a particular period
Question regarding the number of bytes in an OP_RETURN transaction
How will internet "take-down" affect bitcoin value?
Are Hashed Timelock Contracts and Zero-Knowledge Contingent Payments the same thing?
Did Satoshi transfer several bitcoin domains before disappearing?
Allowing Incoming Connection on Bitcoin Core
How UNL is created in Ripple network?
Can leased out nxt coins still be used or do you have to wait for it to expire?
BIP 37 automatic filter update not inserting outputs
How does each miner know when to create a block?
Would this scheme allow faster verification of transactions? (Multiple parallel block chains)
Can I send Bitcoins without a wallet
Coinbase, Bitpay and Bitcoin Core
Will hashing bytes from /dev/urandom yield a secure private key?
Can you have a password based cryptocurrency?
Is there any bitcoin fork which goal is storing arbitrary information?
How to read blockchain.info transactions in the blockchain?
Can't find correct z1 & z2 for transaction
Get uncompressed public key from compressed form
Transaction using OP_CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY not accepted by the network
Where satoshi sent by free bitcoin faucets deposited /parked?
What do those hosting/creating bitcoin games get from their efforts?
GPU mining slows down my ubuntu
if I have 1 M/Hs mined for me how does this translate into a bitcoin?
How do I properly paytomany using electrum via script?
Why is the change address for a transaction the same as the originator address?
Not receving Bitcoins to my testnet wallet
Editing bitcoinJ for Android Altcoin App
How do I find a pubkey and the nbits value to generate a genesis block?
Bitcoins transactions over 1000 confirmations, but amount remains red
Bitcoin peer list
Signing data with ECDSA
Are there any services to tell black list address?
Can Bitcoin mining with my current specs break my PC?
Development environment requirements for Bitcoin Core
How do I use CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY to prevent a transaction being spent before 100 blocks?
Does Bitcoin Core leak private information during synchronization without Tor?
Always the same deposit address for a user?
Good informational material on BTC trading? Market vs limit?
Why are banks and other centralized entities interested in block chains?
Which data should be used in order to detect addresses to be used for fraud?
Double Spend Attack
the bitcoin wallet spendable amount is not updating
Does address-reuse make Bitcoin private keys vulnerable to quantum computing?
Why the total number of bitcoin is limited?
Code change to create TX for send between local addresses
how often to update deposit address of the blockchain.info API
How to store transactional information on the blockchain
What makes an unconfirmed tx 'suspicious'? (likely to be replaced or never confirm)
How many zeroes does the current target have?
Making a Server?
Need help to understand where bitcoin transaction has gone
If everyone decided to switch to Bitcoin tomorrow, how much would a Bitcoin be worth?
What are the chances that Nick Szabo is Satoshi?
what about that the adress change all the time?
How does tx fee calculation work when txin and txout are similar amounts?
Is CheckSequenceVerify only a stop-gap measure?
What's the difference between synced_blocks and synced_headers?
Is there a way to know the Bitcoin Network transaction fee BEFORE actually submitting the transaction?
For lightning network, can I surround myself with a bunch of nodes to increase anonymity
What does a merchant need to do to reject RBF transactions
How does the thunder network work? And how does it keep things decentralized?
I tried to use bitcoin to buy ethereum and failed, what will happen now?
How can I hold Bitcoins safely in the long term?
How to check if my node is fully sync'ed
How to tell bitcoind to use more memory and CPU
What is the reason for the recent drop in Bitcoin classic nodes?
Are the miners to decide if a consensus rule is accepted or not? Or are the buyers in power?
When running a full node, why does the first inbound node have an unusual IP?
How to pratically doublespend bitcoins?
Is it safer to use one type of hardware wallet of several?
Can anyone delineate a phrase in the Satosh's white paper?: limiting the minimum practical transaction size
What criteria does Bitcoin.org use to choose which wallets to list
Is there some sort of algorithm to calculate transaction speed?
Are there any projections about when transaction fees per block will equal block reward?
Double Spending before confirmation
Does the private key have special mathematical properties?
Stuck transactions
Colored coins implementation in Python
Will Bitcoin remember unperformed transactions?
What kind of node connects to your full node and doesn't share blocks with you?
hash versus hash pointer
What increases a node's banscore?
Coin Exchange Profits
GekkoMiner USB Help
segregated witness adoption
What can be done with old (unprofitable) ASICs?
Transfer Not Sent to wallet
Could a Proof of Burn function be implemented into Bitcoin Core to help prove loss of private keys?
Can I receive Bitcoin on any of my wallet addresses?
Wladimir's new GPG key
Where does the money I get from mining bitcoin come from?
How does not practicing address reuse hurt my privacy?
Merchant tool that will dynamically adjust the # of required confirmations based on network hashrate data
What economic incentives would help wider geographic distribution of bitcoin nodes?
Can you search a transaction by quantity?
What is the impact of purposely sending a signed message with zero fee?
Can Ethereum support compressed secp256k1 public keys to compute Keccak addresses?
Which Bitcoin exchanges publish proof of reserves?
How can I recover bitcoins sent to derived addresses in Electrum?
What percentage of merchant Bitcoin receipts are immediately converted into fiat?
How does getblocktemplate select transactions?
Electrum Seed Length
Correct way to convert a 256-bit private key to WIF?
Wasted satoshi due to transaction fees
Would moving a transaction from an old block to a new one allow more pruning?
Get transaction details using bitcoinj library
permanent address
Hardware wallet teardowns and side channel attacks
Implementing Multi-Sig Escrow?
Custom receive payments method?
Is there any paper wallet printing tools which can print many QR codes?
Multi-sig N of M where 1 of the keys can see the balance but not spend (read-only key)?
Why do all Electrum master public keys all start with xpub661MyMwAqRbc?
Using funds that have not been completely transferred yet for a new transaction
Confidential Transactions on main chain
How can a DAO seek enforcement of a contract?
Setting up a multi-signature Bitcoin address with Mycelium
What's the best way to transfer bitcoins between two exchanges?
Where can I find resources for programmers to understand Bitcoin?
How long is a Bitcoin?
Is there a way to get the memory pool in order of newest first?
How to use the BIP-32 keys
How do developers fix bugs when compiling takes so long?
replicating in python what the electrum wallet does during (deterministic) wallet creation
how does the creator of Bitcoin get paid?
Why do leading ASICs manufacturers sell their chips?
Why are there different mining hardware for different hashing algorithms?
Is it possible to combine two separate transactions into one transaction by only using their signatures?
What security weaknesses result from using off chain solutions?
Sharing BIP32 extended master public key
How would one monitor an address for a transaction and 1 confirmation in PHP?
I have a stuck transaction (2 days already)
How to recognize which output is used as input for a new transaction
Micro-payments definition and ideal platform
Verification exception : Unexpected
A Wallet for many blockchains (not just the bitcoin blockchain)
What % of bitcoin transactions involve addresses of known charitable organizations
List transactions *relayed* by my full node?
How would I explain SegWit to a non-technical friend?
Can there be stale blocks in "header first" implementation?
How to get unique rpcpassword for bitcoind
How many connections do I have on bitcoind?
getting bitcoin address of blk*.dat files
How to connect to a remote Bitcoin Core remotely
Bitcoin without mining - what needs to be implemented
transactions for future use
Blocked transaction wallet on my phone
Lightning Network scaling alternatives?
Why does Base58 WIF-format of PK have '5' prefix (the standpoint of mathematics)
Are there any Bitcoin wallets with native I2P integration?
What is the safest physical to store a private key only to be accessed after death?
How multi-signature wallets comunicate with each other?
How to detect a fork with bitcoin-cli?
Without side chains will transaction fees rise as block rewards fall?
Which country has the highest number of Bricks and Mortal merchants who accept Bitcoin per Capita?
If there a formula to decide when more decimal places will be added to Bitcoin?
Streaming API for confirmed transactions?
Largest Bitcoin transaction fee ever paid?
What percentage of altcoins are based on Bitcoin?
Why do most alt coin developers choose to remain anonymous?
Why do websites such as satoshimines and bustabit generate new addresses every time?
How do I reward a miner who made a block I like?
See How Many Bitcoins Existed
Which country has the most friendly regulatory environment?
What benefits does Tau-Chain add over conventional solutions?
How does a node compare two blockchains?
A hashrate of 1.42 EH/s, really?
Trial recovery of blockchain.info Wallet to MultiBit HD wallet
Interpreting results from "bitcoin-cli getmempoolinfo"
Why would I choose to use Bitcoin and not other crypto currencies like Ethereum or Dash? Why is Bitcoin better or worse than the rest?
What is the estimated ROI for someone who bought in before 2010?
Is there a platform where I can use Bitcoins to gamble online?
Is there a connections limit on bitcoind?
Do i have to delete/clear anything in Firefox after creating offline keys using Bitaddress?
how to import private key without scaning QR code
How to enable replace-by-fee via command-line in bitcoin-core?
What wallets currently support RBF?
Is the fastest Bitcoin ASIC miner available today still profitable after block halving?
Why are some transactions unavailable in my debug window?
Can mining pool participants customize the coinbase of the block they're mining?
Rolled out my own no-fiat service. What will the tax man need?
Mining with a geforce 315
how to configure bitcoin-core (bitcoin-qt) to not use change addresses?
S9 miner shipping time
Uncomfirmed Transaction
Difficulty in obtaining vanity Bitcoin addresses
First multisig using Armory
What percentage of Twitch tipping now occurs with Bitcoin?
Are there any post BTC halving hashrate prediction markets?
What can be done to slow/prevent mining centralization?
Bitcoin sending transaction error
Bitcoin distribution
Privacy friendly payment processor
Blockchain Api v2
Blockchain, smart-contracts and migration
Does ethereum run on the bitcoin blockchain?
Generating a Bitcoin Address QR code with current USD price embedded?
What is the largest number of blocks that have ever occurred in 1 hour?
At which point do blocks get validated in the mining process?
How is a block header hash compared to the target (bits)?
How to track Segregated Witness adoption rates
Is it possible to create a feature for custom wallets that also have a bank account number?
No bitcoins in my multibit wallet, but I have some when I look in the blockchain
Why does Bitcoin Core take up so much space?
How can I choose the address bitcoins are sent from?
Proof of Identity Sidechain Proposals
Can I program OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY to trigger based on external verifiable events?
Mutibit HD - Maintain a wallet on 2 devices
What are the differences (and value adds) among all the different Crypto Currencies?
unconfirmed btc transaction
Why does Bitcoin Core not produce a Reject message for Conflict TXs?
How can I figure out where I created my Bitcoin wallet?
Sending from same address multiple times VS receiving to the same address multiple times
What is needed to get listed on a currency exchange website?
Why do compiled binaries still require libdb, BerkeleyDB, and others?
Safely transferring bitcoins from wallet.dat to cold storage
Are Monero Transaction Anonymous?
What is the age of the youngest known Bitcoin developer?
How to get the Public Keys of a bitcoin User
Preventing transaction fee collusion between large miners
Antiminer s3 won't show the correct interface once i connect to (showing a DLink interface instead)
Whisper Implementation in Bitcoin
How can I find a digital forensics expert to help trace stolen bitcoins?
How do I receive the payment?
What is the risk of using wallet.dat files for long term cold storage?
Do we get paid by the IP? Or is the address?
Transfer from Bitcoin Core to Electrum expired before full synchronization. Where are the bitcoins?
Sharing the Master Keys in BIP32
If transaction has impossible locking script, are coins lost?
How do you answer the question "Why 10 mins?" for beginners?
Can a closed source wallet ever be completely trust-less?
Tainting with HD wallets
Direct Deposit From Employer To BitPay?
Transaction with `OP_RETURN` to a particular address
How much internet traffic and bandwidth does mining with a pool need?
Is it possible for an individual to start their own blockchain working with Bitcoin Core?
Bitcoin safe if ECDSA is broken?
How is a transaction's output signed?
In a multi-sig transaction, if one party refuses to sign, what happens to coins?
How to get the bitcoin balance of a public key in C#?
What is the age of the oldest known Bitcoin core developer?
What is the most expensive Bitcoin purchase ever made?
What is the status of the "Hong Kong Agreement"
Random 'The operation has timed out' errors in JSON-RPC
C++ and secp256k1
How are Lightning network, duplex channels, and micropayment channels related?
Send a transaction using bitcoinjs-lib to testnet in a box
What are some forks of Bitcoin that ultimately failed?
How much does it effectively cost to purchase currency at an exchange?
Incorrect bitcoin address funded
How do they put several bitcoins into a block?
Can't open my bitcoin wallet
What versioning scheme does Bitcoin Core follow?
activate Electrum command line interface (mac)
Building on Ubuntu 16, missing SSL during ./configure
Primary security risks of Bitcoin QT API use
Is it really safe to use vanitygen to generate your unique bitcoin address?
Is there a possibility that the whole blockchain system will be DOWN?
Is there a chance that bitcoin will be use as the Universal Currency around the Universe?
Hashrate comparison for multiple hash algorithms
How can someone prevent a sybil attack when connecting through TOR?
Why Are My Gridseed Blades Exploding? What Components Are Exploding?
Question about "mining" in bitcoin
Is Bitcoin mining profitable in india?
Mempool filled with 14KB transactions, tons of inputs, 0.15 mBTC fee
OP_RETURN Promise with bitcoinjs-lib v2.2.0 and blockchain.info
Automated Testing using bitcoind in regtest mode, problems due to race condition
Another Unconfirmed BTC transaction
How can I convert my Bitcoin to Western Union urgently?
Is there a multi Sig Explorer or Stats provider?
Is holding funds in a Bitcoin paper wallet safe?
Miners influence
First confirmation time vs miners fee's
How does miner voting work?
Making money with bitcoins
OP_CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY: why to put it into nSequence field if it is already into the script?
How do I calculate expected earnings when mining a cryptocurrency?
How to send money to set of recipients using bitcoinj
Is there a calculation for exchange rate stability?
What is the largest number of blocks a transaction has ever waited for confirmation?
Minimum how much bitcoin may I get per week if I stake 0.05BTC?
Size of Blockchain for huge smart contracts database
How much bitcoin can be mined with intel core i5 pc with external graphic card?
What happens if the transaction interrupted during proof of stake?
What date does the 2016 halving happen at?
Are there any HD Bitcoin mobile wallets with the mnemonic seed in traditional Chinese?
As of 2016-June - Which companies are registered with the NYC Bitlicense?
Multibit + WooCommerce
What's difference between Multichain, Chain, Hyperledger, Ethereum etc
unconfirmed transaction bitcoin core
Recovering the public key from a transaction
How to run the bitcoin client so as to only accept blocks?
How many Hashes are in a single Terrahash
Mnemonic seed language options
Does the `blocksonly` setting prevent other nodes from sending my node unconfirmed transaction, or does it simply cause my node to ignore them?
Issues Still With Import Backup dat.file
Can I retrieve my bitcoins from years ago that I never received?
Does desktop wallet need to be online for the coins to mature?
Is there any library to process scriptSig script in transaction, and other scripts?
GetWork / Stratum
Spending output of a low-fee transaction by following with higher-fee transaction
How to setup bitcoin network using regtest?
How can I set a fixed fee sufficient for transaction success in bitcoind?
Why is Slush Pool recognizing my worker as offline?
Delays in confirmation
DAO Dividends In Ether?
Issue transaction without being online
Can receiving money make a transaction fail?
What does "proof of reserves" and "proof of liabilities" mean?
can I use elements of the blockchain to protect the integrity of a leaderboard without central servers?
Can bitcoin node startup be secure without validating the entire blockchain?
Transaction flagged as having a non-standard input
How do I cancel my BTC transaction (Unconfirmed for 5 hours)?
Is reliance on a UTXO Set provided by other users dangerous?
Smart contracts in bitcoin
Questions about bitcoin(or other crytocurrency) to satisfy my feeble mind
Why was Armory and Blockchain wallet removed from bitcoin.org?
Transaction with Multiple Inputs having Same Address
Can I retrieve my Bitcoins when I only know my receiving address?
Help retrieving my old wallet
Why does bitcoin-cli return strange version numbers for blocks?
What causes seemingly normal transactions to not be confirmed?
Turing an old laptop into a bitcoin miner
Specification of Transaction Inputs - Bitcoin vs Ripple
OP_RETURN custom message in testnet transaction
Accessing Testnet
Is it possible to build mining reward pooling directly into Bitcoin?
How much testing is done on each pull request before it is merged?
Getting started, how do I buy bitcoin
What is MaxBTC and what it represents?
Why was the chain with the largest work chosen as the metric of consensus?
Changing a private key of a public Bitcoin address
Armory - Change Amounts Not Showing
What is the wallet "word seed" that is commonly used in popular wallets clients and what does it do?
Why is the ledger public?
Accessing blockchain.info account without email address
how can i do mining on vmware machine
Automated trading btc-e.com?
How do you apply "-zapwallettxes" on Windows?
Government Taxes on Bitcoin in India
help me to understand this mining code
Fast bitcoin load service
What is Steem and Steemit?
Did Satoshi ever acknowledge that his name was a pseudonym?
What is the DAO, and what is its connection with Ethereum
Python code to vb.net (2012) - help me to eliminate the errors
Mining without pool where does the bitcoin/reward go if successful?
Bitcoin node Decentralization
How to Reset Dragon Miner 1TH/s IP Address?
Is it safe to use a second-hand Trezor (like from ebay)?
Bitcoin mining: block structure
My own bitcoin miner
Running bitcoin core in a low storage system
How can I use bitcoins on deposit?
Where can I find an average transaction value chart?
Best simple linux cmd tool for offline transaction creation and signing?
Attack the network by temporarily adding hash power?
Bitcoind uses only ~1.5% CPU for RPC command "getnewaddress"
Historical Bitcoin full node counts
No block source available. -reindex not working
Why was block # 289791 empty of any transactions?
Seeing no Hash per second on any pool
Add dependency Bitcoin Core
Could cryptocurrency "insurance" slow Bitcoin adoption?
Is there developer documentation for the Bitcoin Core source code?
What is the largest company that has ceased accepting fiat payments in favor of Bitcoin?
What is bitcoin mixing/laundering for?
C++ Proofofworklimit to bitcoinj util.DecodeCompactBits
Projections for reductions in price of hardware wallets
How does a request link work?
Derive symmetric keys
What impact could the patents applied for by Craight Wright have on Bitcoin development if granted?
P2P MultiCoin markets
What's the POST endpoint to broadcast a transaction in copay's server?
Why Does Litecoin Transaction Show Zero Confirmations for last 3 hours
Keeping valid shares for it's own when mining in a pool
Payment has not arrived at destination!
can someone explain what i did wrong here? (btc transaction with fee not confirming)
What would be the Internet Usage For 100 Antminer S7?
Why DARPA wants blockchain based secure messaging system
Own bitcoin pool miner algorithm
How to get Mutlibit Hd private keys from mnemonic
MultiBit Classic wallet gone
How many more transactions per second will be possible with SegWit?
Pay, or partial pay in Bitcoin
Stop bitcoin-qt from retrying transaction
My Transactions hasn't been confirmed for 2days+
Recovering wallet using BIP32/wordlist/.priv file
When no Bitcoins are left to be mined, how will the Blockchain continue to be validated?
What is Ardor and how is it different from NXT 1.x?
bitcoin protocol: transaction encoding
Bitcoin protocol: How do I build my block to get the newly generated coins?
How do I use the new GPG signing feature with my Trezor?
Were there any Bitcoin based prediction markets for the Brexit referendum?
Bitcoin Widgets & API
How do transactions leave the memory pool?
Electrum setup problem
What does the blockchain represent?
Correlation of number of (non mining) full nodes to internet bandwidth
Can*t call chainActive.Tip()->nHeight in core.cpp
How can I forecast the date Bitcoin will hit a certain blockheight?
What incentive is there for a miner to not cancel his own 'real' txs
Shared Coin in BlockChain new wallet?
Does anyone get custodial control of your funds when using Lightning Network?
Most efficient way to calculate fee from getrawtransaction?
Why does getblocktemplate use priority for transaction selection?
Why can malicious miners not award themselves with any number of bitcoins?
Blockchain.info's blockcount API call giving error, alternatives?
Channels state validation in lightning network?
Are there any other blockchains that can spawn child-chains within their own blockchain like NXT's Ardor platform?
Could blockchain technology be used to implement a verifiable voting system?
Bitcoin halving conflict? Is this a rumor
Can I find out on which website I got my Litoshi address?
Question on interpreter.cpp in Bitcoin core - set_success method
Are there alternatives to Gitian?
What are some examples of companies that have abandoned Bitcoin payment processors in favor of in house Bitcoin integration?
Will Electrum mnemonic seeds be forward compatible with all future versions of Electrum?
Arguments against Bitcoin using adaptive blocksizes
How to check if node is on TestNet or MainNet via `bitcoin-cli`?
Can Bitcoin full nodes pinpoint the true source of a transaction which they've relayed?
bitcoind does not issue expected "rpcuser" message after installation
What do you want from bitcoin faucets?
Check status of daemon?
What would be a rational subkey depth to use so that my address is infeasible to locate via a systematic search?
Transaction signature algorithm
What is the best way to share the blockchain and get it verified by the wallet?
How can I recognize a bitcoin transaction from a given person?
Bitmain AntMiner U1 1.6GH/s - USB Bitcoin ASIC Miner
Does any current SegWit or blocksize increase proposal also seek an increase in the OP_RETURN byte limit?
Access the NXT / Ardor database console?
Refund a transaction send twice
How do I join the NXT 2.0 (Ardor) distribution if it isn't an ICO? And how does it affect NXT 1.0 holders?
is there a way to run bitcoin-qt and point it to a local testnet?
Why is it difficult to acquire bitcoin?
Setting wallet directory independent to data directory
How can I convert a bitcoin private key (hex) into a Bitcoin public key?
Since the blockchain is public, how can we see it?
Transferring many bitcoins without restoring a seed
Can you combine 2 of 3 brain wallet addresses to form a multi-address?
Is there a Bitcoin testnet that is really small so you can quickly download the blockchain and test stuff?
Takes longer to download newer blocks?
bitcond v0.12.1. "UpdateTip: 6 of last 100 blocks have unexpected version"
I tried to run bitcoin core and it is gone. Has anyone experienced this?
How can one reinitialize the HW.1?
How does the Coin Selection in Bitcoin Wallet for Android work?
transfer my bitcoins
a problem of my bitcoin-core
Unconfirmed transaction since 2 days
How do traditional transactions take place (paypal, banks, etc) in comparison to Bitcoin transactions?
from b58check to hex and back
Bitcoin core: boostrap.dat trade-off with "Synchronizing with network..."
How to import wallet.dat.txt file, to convert a txt document into usable BTC?
Can an intermediary block be lost?
How can the number of unique addresses decline?
How a block is defined (size, number of transactions)?
Recover bitcoins?
What is the composition of transaction types in current blocks?
RippleAPI how to issue IOUs using preparePayment
The incident with 92 billion bitcoins
What type of power supply do Gridseed G-Blade need?
How do miners understand what a transaction does?
How are transaction fees claimed from a technical point of view?
How or why "a Bitcoin address is a single-use token"?
Sent wallet to desktop
How to get transaction with Bitcoin Core?
Can the system of votes (of Stack Exchange) be considered as a blockchain?
Which bitcoin wallet allows me to generate and export a large number of addresses?
When we can agree on mempool sorting order, we can just confirm first n-transactions that are at least 10 mins old. What's missing?
Regrouping accounts belonging to same user
How private key is generated?
what is the relationship between bandwidth and hash rate?
Created receiving address in Bitcoin Core but deleted it before receiving bitcoins
Can more transactions be processed within a centralized bitcoin exchanges than in the rest of the bitcoin network?
The number that generates the private key, is it stored somewhere?
Do all Banks and Credit Unions in the U.S. accept Bitcoin?
How can I extract the values of all UTXO for a specific section of the blockchain?
How do you make a coin resistant to soft forking?
How a private key can be invalid?
Where do i get a good hands-on Bitcoin learning experience as a newbie?
Format of private key
micropayment channels, n-m addresses, interoperability
with what number do multisig addresses (non-P2SH) start?
Can the first part of P2WSH witness data use non-push-data operations?
What is the precise definition of "witness program"?
How to see previous transactions?
Verifying a bitcoin trx on the Unix cmd line with OpenSSL?
I'm trying to create a new kind of escrow with bitcoin, not sure if it's possible
Bitcoin mining - is it a race and how to not waste resources?
How long should I wait to consider that the transation is "definitely" confirmed?
Who should pay the transactions fees?
Permission to reproduce diagram
How does bitcoin conversion (to/from $) handle round off error?
Percent of bitcoin transactions not to exchanges?
Transaction failure due to "made-up" transaction
What happens when relative and absolute lock times are used in the same transaction?
What does "lock time" mean?
How do i find out what city and whatwas posted with code?
How can I find a Bitcoin address from the transaction time and amount?
getnewaddress vs. getrawchangeaddress
When is the estimated date that segregated witness gets fully implemented worldwide?
Getting paid by BitCoin on my website using Credit Card
Is it normal not to see my sending/receiving addresses while the bitcoin client is syncing?
How do you stake / forge in nxt / ardor using a public node without having to login publicly?
Who is liable my case or is it a classic hack?
Ways to monitoring BTC trading profit and loss?
Vanity generator
Wrong getrawtransaction response?
CLI: Generate a new private key, unrelated to any existing wallet
How to free up the space taken by bitcoind?
Which method/programme can create a wallet using the least amount of space?
createrawtransaction online
vout value in createrawtransaction
Is it possible to perform split payment in bitpay
Newbie question, bitcoind installation doubte
Ludicrous transaction fees from Coinbase?
If SHA256 produces an alphanumeric hash, how can a hash be "less than a certain value"?
Incentive and 51% attack
Electric power efficiency - why is increases so fast
partial signature (of P2SH) in Bitcore. howto?
Configuring Windows Bitcoin Core Wallet for use on Tor
Total # of miners?
End of Mining intention
How to denouce a scam exchange?
70% of nodes accept Bloom filters, despite DoS attack vector?
Why did they have to expand the nonce value range?
What is special about a private blockchain based on proof of stake?
Creating empty blocks vs creating full blocks
Does the bitcoin testnet3 network support Segwit and OP_CSV?
Can there be a blockchain without mining?
Lightning network and lightweight clients
Alt coins as Bitcoin sidechains
What value stores can be exchanged for bitcoin purely pseudonymously?
Does the NBitcoin library internally use blockchain.info to process transactions?
minimal transaction for gandi.net
Sent Bitcoin to Bitcoin Core Wallet before it finished "syncing with network"
Set a public node to auto forge / mine / stake in NXT / Ardor without login via the gui?
If bitcoin exchanges can be "scammed" why is bitcoin better?
Maximum # of hashes for finding a block?
Bitcoin reversible strange transactions
What is the value of using BitPay Card?
Is it safe to import my private key into another wallet?
How can you tell if a NXT public node is an archival node?
How do I generate multiple address with a master public key in pybitcointools?
Bitcoind error -28
Errors running bitcoind in the background
Is stack overflow reputation actually a Cryptocurrency?
Which bitcoin documentation is the official one for bitcoin core?
What would happen if a private fork several hundred blocks ahead tried to merge back?
Can a bitcoin transaction get confirmed unexpectedly?
Attaching additional data / text message to a Bitcoin transaction?
I want to block my transaction
Noob questions about transfering and offline security
"Unable to find all tx inputs"
A proposal for a genuinely distributed blockchain and pruning
Transforming private key into address
Bitcoin address security
Install bitcoin core on debian jessie error
Bitcoin system with payins and payouts using bip32
How can I find out if a mining pool has been leaking user information?
Bitcoin Chainstate Leveldb sst
Troubleshooting pybitcointools transaction signing/verification
Can you send amounts that would typically be considered 'dust' through the Lightning Network?
Coin selection algorithm in Python to optimally select UTXO
How can I sign transaction hex with Python library
how can I hardcode a private key in bitcoinJ - ECKey constructor?
why scriptpubkey is different
Reason behind hashing the nonce in prevBlockHash?
bitcoind and onion listening
What is it mean Difficuly & prob when using vanitygen?
The randomness of vanitygen is secure enough?
Explanation about how to build network upon bitcoin blockchain
error durring the bitcoincore installation
Open-source blockchain explorer for regtest mode
Bitcoin mining algorithm - target - Java
Bitcoin investment vehicles
Is it possible to know the total hashpower backing a currency?
Sign transaction hex with PHP library
Cannot check balance with blockchain.info API
Merkle tree structure for 9 transactions
Safety of wallet setup
How to handle VirWox transfers and invoices that expire quickly?
Bitcoin multi-sign and the amount of storage it required
Want to Accept bitcoins from php form
Is there an intermediary that allows me to pay eBay purchases with Bitcoin?
rpc cookie authentication
How to accept donations?
Getting IP address of other NXT / Ardor peer nodes for Open API access?
I want to start my new bitcoin web wallet! Coding and steps! PLEASE GUIDE
What exactly does the "fraud management system" of blockchain checks?
Why is it not possible to replay transactions?
Bitcore = "Error: More than one instance of bitcore-lib found"
Which clients support nLockTime?
Bitcoin.conf problem
Is there any tech that uses a signature as a private key?
How would a restaurant accept Bitcoin?
About changing the endpoint in insight API (in bitcore)
(Script) Is it possible to create a transaction that is spendable to only one address?
How to calculate the size of the blockchain?
How fast can Ripple transfer money from bank to bank?
Changing prune size in working bitcoin daemon
Make a spendable Bitcoin transaction with a message
How to get more chain tips from getchaintips?
How do I get my bitcoins back if they got sent to an incorrect address?
How can I verify my merkle root function is correct?
Free bitcoins are real?
Stealing Bitcoin Private key using Man-in-the-Browser
Confusion of Confidential Transactions
How will Bitcoin and the Blockchain scale in the future?
How can I withdraw my Bitcoins to my bank Account
How does ring signature help in range proofs in confidential transaction?
Bitcoin wallet file location in smartphone
Which Exchanges Allow Short Selling/Margin Trades with USD/BTC or USDT/BTC
How can I earn BTCs inside my BITCOIN CORE WALLET desktop app?
How to recover access to funds with blockchain.info passphrase
Generating a QR code using the NXT / Ardor api for scanning
Bitcoin-qt taking forever to acquire the blockchain
How to change the data directory with bitcoin-cli?
bitcored fastsync
error : incorrect rpcuser or rpcpassword (authorization failed)
OP_CHECKSIG: reasoning behind construction of message to be signed
I need to send a message to the person resposible for a specific wallet
Can I use a Gridseed ASIC miner with a Raspberry Pi 3 B?
wallet notification not working for multisig address
Understanding Bitcoin
How can I detect which customer has made a payment using only one receiving address?
How to start to offer BTC --> PayPal?
Do I need to pay taxes if I sit on (do not use) bitcoins?
Iterating through LevelDB or .DAT files to enumerate bitcoin addresses
How is the mempool incorporated in the calculation of the block hash?
How can I create a raw transaction in hex format with Bitcoinj?
Where do I get the public key to verify the Bitcoin.org PGP signed message?
How to measure block propagation time?
Why Owner 1's Signature is in transaction #2, not #1
What Bitcoin exchange is the real bitcoin value?
What percentage of Bitcoin use is legitimate?
Why are zero fee transactions not being included in blocks that are not full?
cannotsend error using python bitcoin library to send bitcoin on testnet
Wallets that support payment channels?
Wallet balance showing as unconfirmed - SOLVED!
Do multi-PoW currencies open up additional attack vectors on a blockchain?
BitcoinJ - Master Key from 12 word
I'm new and lost
Bitcoin not being recieved even after high transaction fee
Bitcoin Mining Computational Power
electrum wallet help needed funds missing
Is there a Bitcoin exchange that accepts paypal and no registration needed?
Bitcoin core, wallet is empty?
Every Bitcoin qt transaction I send comes up uncomfirmed?
Have there been a Bitcoin or Cryptocurrency related lottery app or website that was successful?
Why are redeeming inputs themselves scripts?
Need a CudaMiner release
Bitcoin Transaction Detection With PHP
Why does script need to be purged from transactions for mimblewimble to work?
Tracking the Bitfinex hacked coins
Can you "undo" an nlockTime transaction by spending a single UTXO of it before lockTime's block happens?
How to generate addresses in PHP
Bitcoin address with money need help getting it?
Payment processor question
How was transaction a4bfa8ab6435ae5f25dae9d89e4eb67dfa94283ca751f393c1ddc5a837bbc31b mined?
Wallet for Android
How sign the first transaction's signature?
MtGox's secondary market?
Recovering Hive Wallet private key with passphrase
Minimal but profitable miner setup with solar energy
Bitcoin hardware
Update from Bitcoin core 0.12 to 0.13 requires blockchain re-download?
Dash Supply Cap?
Why doesn't Core know where the transaction is coming from
What is a hash pre-image as it is used for the breach remedy?
Do Lightning Channels have to be resolved before a certain time?
Got a malware and need help
Sending confidential transaction amount to the receiver
How many addresses can an Electrum Seed generate?
Corrupted transaction
Format of mkey field in encrypted wallet.dat file
What is the significance of the last 5 digits of Base 58 WIF?
BIP deterministic seeds, number of words and compatible wallets
Java bitcoinj: Failure of getPrivateKeyEncoded or getKey?
How many bitcoins are there currently in circulation?
Debugging OP_EQUALVERIFY: non-equal data: how to get uncompressed public key and address from scriptSig
How to solve Blockchain 20 address gap-limit problem?
Directory of Mining Hardware Companies
How to build a bitcoin trading bot
Is there any tool to index ALL bitcoind UTXO?
Accept bitcoin easily without strict terms of services?
Why didn't the difficulty adjust for the first 30,240 blocks?
Why are SIGHASH flags signed as 4 bytes when only 1 byte is included in the transaction?
Transfer between Coinbase and Armory?
Does checking for balance on any cryptocurrency address is same as checking if address is correct?
BitCoin API C# - can I create transaction, add IO, sign, get hex?
Deterministic wallet and address generation
Changing from the standard directory Bitcoin-Qt/Bitcoin-Core uses, to a remote disk (MacOSX)
How come some addresses show up in search results while others don't?
Seller asks me for my BTC address to confirm my payment
C# BC, successfully creating and signing raw transaction
Is the generated Public Key from Private Key Unique in Bitcoin?
'01' at the end of signatures
Core v0.3.24 link
About Selling the bitcoins for normal person
Why can't we fight Bitcoin thieves by not accepting payments from hacked accounts?
Java bitcoinj: ECKey hashCode() and equals() overrides inconsistent
BTC-e international wire transfer in USD from Russia
Bitcoin money transfer
Bitcoin transfer by putty
Troubleshooting pybitcointools: signing transaction valid only for certain hash values
Find all used addresses using xpub key
How to confirm a payment was made?
create a p2sh_script with btcruby gem
Is there a way to inherit bitcoin?
What is the "confirmation" field in a block?
is it possible to decode block height from a blockhash?
Modifying data in existing blocks
Saving a customer's info so I can accept bitcoin
Updating my online wallet to not rely on the Blockchain.info API
Value of `vout` in vin exceeds number of vout elements. Why?
How to integration Blockchain Payment API in Asp.Net?
Would quantum computing be able to deanonymize CoinJoin transactions?
How do you create a transaction from a UTXO in BitcoinJ?
I can't connect to RPC from python. JSONRPCException: -342
Understanding transactions in orphan blocks
Is BIP 32 Technology Cryptographic Curve Agnostic?
How does Bitcoin Gigahashes Convert to Ethereum Megahashes?
What are some open source blockchain projects?
Bitcoin trading at bitstamp
What is the minRelayTxFee?
Installing PHP bitwasp bitcoin library
BIP 65 - how standard is it?
Is transaction malleability the only consensus issue that needs fix to allow lightning network?
Are Micropayment channels still subject to malleability after BIP65?
Send BTC with Electrum: which address is used?
Does the mempool size equal roughly the unconfirmed transactions?
How do I reclaim misplaced bitcoins?
The length of the Bitcoin's private keys
Mining new private alt coin derived from litecoin
Transferring Money from USA to Japan
Can I quickly check the cofactor of secp256k1 is 1
Visa, MasterCard or any other network copy Bitcoin blockchain tech?
Sending a value of BTC0.00
How big is the input of a P2PKH transaction?
What is the Lightning Network proposal? What problem is it trying to solve?
How did ghash.io fall?
How is bitcoin sent into my bank account?
Why is it harder to generate addresses starting with 1s?
fetching unconfirmed utxos from blockchain.info
QR code on my phone looks different
How do I know I can trust the head of the blockchain
Attach and persist identity to address
How do I know that my bitcoins are real
How to change the displayed denomination in GreenBits Android wallet?
Faking blockchain data in bitcoin-core
How can I spend my paper wallet directly?
How are different Addresses generated from the same Private key?
USD to BTC conversion code
How bitcoin node server establishes outbound connections to other full nodes
Blockr.io - how to decode a transaction via API
Bitcoin Core 0.13 BIP32 support
BitcoinCore 0.13 HD wallet chain structure
Does MultiBit Classic assign a password or is it manually set?
My Bitcoin Qt is behind 7 years and 32 weeks
Making peer connection in Python
Where can I exchange Bitcoin for Cash, Western Union or MoneyGram?
why is double-spend not an issue for payment channels?
Is it possible to read every transaction my node relays?
How is the P2SH address obtained in decodescript
Detection of double spend in Bitcoin for aged transactions
Generate and push raw Bitcoin transaction
How to run --zapwalletxes command?
Mining and pending events
P2SH address decoding
Transaction validity clause: output must exist
Can difficulty target by exploited by miner with proprietary computer?
Why Bitcoin core creates time locked transactions by default?
Estimated h/s with a specific processor
How to connect to a node using PHP
Can it be exchanged.
Zeros in blk00*.dat files
Setting up a miner
Multibit HD only sees one peer
Why is bitcoin written in C++?
How long does it take for a SPV to intermittently sync (order of magnitude)?
Why are transaction fees sometimes higher than what I'm transferring?
What hardware requirements does a SPV client have?
Why does getdata have a field for the number of inventory entries?
process to list cryptocoins in exchangers
Special bitcoin node
HolyCoin how to add this coin to the the bitcoin markets
What is the meaning of the term "full-node"?
opening a bitcoin exchange with AlphaPoint
anyone attempted a multiple p2sh(multisig) send (ideally using python)?
What exactly were the novel contributions of Bitcoin?
How does Blockchain as a Service (BaaS) work?
How to create raw transaction
Can we know the address list which blockchain API has created?
PHP Coinbase Securing Callbacks
What prevents a miner from faking nonce hash
Why so many transaction send bitcoins to the sender?
How does a new block get distributed
Restarting mining on new transaction
Does a new nodes verify all transactions or only blocks
How can I generate a Dogecoin address from a Litecoin private key?
How much extra disk space does txindex=1 require?
If I lose my wallet and private key does that effectively remove bitcoin from the market forever?
Is there a site to monitor Bitcoin or Altcoin addresses if funds were received or sent?
Can you detect that the addresses generated by an HD wallet came from a single wallet?
New transaction, merkle tree change, when to decide what to include in new block
Bitcoin core HD wallet: how sensitive is the 'hdmasterkeyid' ?
Bitcoin-core restored HD wallet reusing payment address?
How does a time warp attack work?
How to check if an output has been spent?
Different Wallets and ScriptSig does it help obfuscation?
How to Install Copay desktop wallet in Ubuntu?
Testing the blockchain for ECDSA signature random collision
Where can I sell domain names and earn in bitcoins?
I forgot what wallet is connected to an address. Is there anyway to figure out at least what wallet i used ?
With JSON how do I know the amount that was LAST sent to a given address?
Is GPU mining viable with any Cryptocurrency mining variations?
Setting minimal amount of nodes to reach consensus
OP_PUSHDATA1 is not allowed inside redeem script of P2SH?
How do I do the maths for starting a bitcoin mining startup in Kuwait?
How is the extra nonce formatted?
I've lost my MultiBit data, is there a way to access my wallet?
How do I convert Public Key x value to y in Python and verify?
Can bitcoin be used for instant payment?
Do I spare 80Gb to only keep the blockchain and do I need it to be always present?
Zero-BTC transaction fees, service-specific mining pools and external compensation
How to set fee in bitcoinj
What do I need to know about mining difficulty before starting a bitcoin mining startup?
Why doesn't bitcoind verify blocks like bitcoin qt?
Is OP_RETURN combined with a hash, appropriate for proof of existence of an asset?
Best way to calculate difficulty of generating specific vanity address?
BTC transaction cost vs fees
Do all outputs have an address associated with them?
How is a transaction fee transferred?
Can I easily use Bitcoin as a inexpensive way to transfer my money into another currency?
Reorganize chain
What are all the new coins listed on the trading market & what value do they represent? what are their uses?
Can not Receive
Can an unconfirmed transaction fall under the radar?
How do Bitcoin and Colored Coin react to malformed transactions?
What happens when transferring bitcoins to no address?
How to do refunds and internal transfers on bitcoind?
How to speed up initial block chain sync using SSD without wasting space?
Coinbase to Block Chain Transfer Delay
Notifications to watch only addresses in bitcoind
Bitcoin-qt on Elementary OS Loki
How likely is it that the structure of a raw transaction will change?
The probability that the entire network generates at least two blocks within 10 minutes?
Can I send bitcoin to other address in my wallet to provide anonymity?
cpu, ram or bandwidth -- what is most important for bitcoin mining?
How can we receive hashtx and hashblock from bitcoind by zmq subscribe?
How to mergemine all SHA-256 altcoins?
unconfirmed payment
The probability of block generation by two miners in a special case?
How can we look at the hidden message in the first block?
Does Bitcoin transaction has information on remaining bitcoins with the sender?
Confused about this particular Multisig transaction with a (maybe) invalid scripts, but spent output
Where to connect to get streaming blockchain data?
Is it true that sending from an address exposes the public key of a bitcoin address?
Are there any other brain wallet generators like warp wallet?
What is the purpose of XBTEUR.d tradable pair?
Recovering wallet after update to Btc core 0.13
Why is OP_SUBSTR disabled? (and OP_LEFT, OP_RIGHT)
Autofill forms in Bitcoin protocol
Altcoin WIF checksum check
MultiBit HD and exporting private keys
Adding «Donate» Bitcoin button in README.md file GitHub repository
Difficulty target representation in bitcoin wiki
where do the timestamps on blocks come from?
How can I verify my wallet.dat file against an older version?
Bitcoin alert service if price dips or rises by a percentage base?
How to spend from a paper wallet private key using a desktop app without a mobile app?
Do I need to keep all blocks when running Bitcoin Core?
Access my account only to the previous Bitcoin URI number
ip:port node list for testnet?
state of 'atomic cross-chain trading' in 2016
Reading transactions from blk*.dat files
Java bitcoinj: semantics of 'decompress' on encrypted key
How can I trust a new block broadcated on the network?
How to send portion of funds from a private key programmatically?
Can I move my wallet.dat from Ubuntu to Mac OS?
Bitcoin pool mining test
In Lightning Network, what are the proposals for solutions to transfers to offline end users?
Where can I buy bitcoin with wire?
Running TorBB on host machine while running Whonix VM setup as guest on the same physical box
Any documentation available that would help developing a Bitcoin Client?
spam: Bitcoin address
Specific fee in transaction
Feasibility of Integrating Proof of Stake systems into everyday devices?
Should signature verification by key recovery ignore compression status?
Mixer transactions decoding
New to Bitcoins
Why did the Bitminter application ruin my GPU?
What is the right way to accept bitcoin payments using bitcoind?
How to determine if a remote node prunes?
Bitcoins with several laptops with no electricity cost. Is it profitable?
Can i trace a hacker by collecting data from Bitcoin api?
A2 Terminator Fan Replacement
special block version or is my data corrupt?
Is it safe to keep ONLY a time-locked tx?
Does Electrum Daemon give a transaction id even when balance is too low?
Bitcoin legalized by some governments
Unrecoverable Funds
Confused by various apis scriptPubKey
Bug with bitcoinchain.com?
Where can I learn how to build a blockchain from scratch?
Best options for stabilizing cryptocurrency asset value
Slow synchronisation bitcoin-qt - bread wallet
Do I need a full node to perform OP_RETURN transactions?
Import multiple watch-only addresses using importaddress?
Spending transaction with custom output
what is the "Banlist" (Bitcoin Core)
How can I store a redeem script in my wallet?
Should I wait to sync the Armory so that I can receive Bitcoins?
Mtgox: Probability of Distribution, etc. - Report 28 sept 2016
Source for accurate block timestamps?
Transfer bitcoins from Coinbase account to an offline Script/Paper
send btc from specific input without running bitcoind
What cryptography hardware and/or software does a bitcoin exchange need to employ?
How to start mining
How can a sender know receiver's public key when creating "Pay To Public Key" tx?
Verify value of input address
Why do testnet blocks have future timestamp?
How to create a Database on Blockchain and retrieve it after applying some operation and constraints on the data of tables?
Random generation of elliptic curve points: is there a preferred approach?
bitcoin-cli sendrawtransaction gives odd error 16
Is there a light (SPV) version of bitcoin core (bitcoind)?
Can a blockchain from the future be synchronized today?
Figure out transaction ID
Who added the 21 million limit to Bitcoin?
Adding proxy to Antminer S3
Which wallets have support for BIP 70 - 72 for merchant message transactions?
Is it possible to combine multi-sig and locktime?
Reduce bitcoin blockchain size
Online exchange bitcoin balance to hardware wallet
Who is hosting my bitcoin address?
Performance and modularity of Bitcore vs Toshi
Who owns the bitcoin mining servers
Transaction unconfirmed for hours
Does bitcoin give users credit/debit card. If yes, how do you request the card
Increasing the odds when solo mining with low-medium hashrates
How to manually verify a signature given scriptSig and scriptPubKey?
Why does each block store a Merkle root?
Dealing with 15-minute transaction time limits
Is Bitcoin the first e-cash scheme which solved the double-spend problem?
Does segregated witness allow to securely create LN channel opening transactions?
Electrum won't send bitcoin: ascii error
How can I get the public key?
Remotely call getinfo from bitcoin server
bitcoin core code
Simplest and fastest method of utilizing Bitcoin for my online digital store?
Smart Phone vs Online Wallet/Vault
Why is Bitcoin Core using LevelDB instead of Redis or SQLite?
are we on testnet4 already, or is testnet simply down?
Why do we need two transactions for CommitCoin scheme
Testnet for bitcoin - are there multiple operating?
July 2015 forks and SPV mining: Why did F2Pool and AntPool mine an unverfied chain for so long?
Can blockchain be used for auditing?
Can sidechains be used for fiat currencies?
Is it possible to restrict where coins from a given P2SH address can be sent to?
When did Bitcoin's "To The Moon" meme begin?
Multisig Addresses for Trading
Sending bitcoin unconfirmed, now wallet balance is unconfirmed
Why does this code keeping giving me this error? I am just trying to understand the raw bitcoin protocol
How to restore from backup of Android Bitcoin Wallet
Mining with only 1 GPU
Is bitcoin mining completely automated?
PHP - Bitcoind sets up wrong transaction fee
Why will a miner verify the digital signature, instead of directly adding a transaction to the Merkle tree?
where is difficulty target inserted?
Synchronizing with network
Could a 2/3 majority vote be used as a consensus
Who issues the transaction of reward when a miner solves the block?
How harder is it on average to find a block with one more zero in its hash?
How to track the bitcoins I spent?
How does every node in the bitcoin network came to know that reward value is now 25 or 12.5 or so?
How MultiBit stores password
Minimum number of transcation in blocks one must include?
How to generate bitcoin target from difficulty?
Current FPGA Competitiveness
How do the miners earn money after 2140 on no-transaction-block?
Freebsd Bitcoind doesn't read config correctly
Bitcoind and Bitcoin-cli on LAN
What Do I Do? Unconfirmed Transaction For Almost 7 Hours :(
BitcoinCore walletnotify before blocknotify?
Where is the Merkle tree located?
Error - Electrum wallet RPC method not supported
Java bitcoinj: equals override for LazyECPoint, how should it be done?
Difference between Monero, Dash and Zcash
Friend sent me Bitcoin using Quickbt and it never ended up in my wallet
What does a segregated witness transaction look like?
receive payement bitcoin api like blockchain API v1?
bitcoin-cli getbalance 0 after restart
What's the easiest way to hook into multiple BTC exchanges?
What new peer services do segregated witness nodes need to implement?
Electrum 2.7.9 setup never went through the password and seed setup, now I can't send coins
GitHub won't let me fork Hivemind, maybe something about sidechain repos
How are transactions from incoming blocks verified?
What's the difference between `z-addr` and `t-addr` type addresses?
What are zkSNARK parameters and how to verify them?
Is it possible to create private multi-signature transactions?
How are transaction IDs generated and how are they then changed by transaction malleability?
What information about a transaction can be assumed accurate before confirmation?
Will Bitcoin scaling affect the amount of hashing power required to keep the network secure?
How do you tell if witness data has been tampered with?
What if Zcash Company turns evil?
Running a Bitcoin node (behind Firewall / NAT or anything else? disallowing inbound connections)
Why doesn't each node store only a portion of the blockchain?
What is a mnemonic frequency analysis and why do I only need 4 letters of my seed words?
For a bitcoin-forked complementary currency: would it be difficult / impossible to limit the mining to some agents on the market?
How does schnorr signature construct multisig functionality?
Gitian building not working
Which textbook provides the best introduction to Bitcoin?
How do i find bitcoinadress?
What are the top sites to purchase bitcoin from?
Why wipe all BTC from an imported address?
How is the transaction's nVersion field changed with segregated witness?
Why do you use Bitcoin addresses instead of public keys?
How does lighting network ensure all parties cooperate
Multiple Inclusion of Transactions in a block
Bitcoin with transaction fee exceeds balance
What is "If ghash.io hits 51% people would just leave them?" referring to?
How does a node find a transaction in the blockchain?
How does WalletExplorer know which wallets belong to whom?
Bitcoin c++ library that provides the networking
Why did Bitfinex choose to have access to all of its customers' private keys?
How is Scrypt ASIC-resistant?
Can I rely on multisignature addresses being future proof?
Trying to understand Pay-to-Public-Key-Hash
How was the 95% miner adoption threshold determined?
Do transaction fees remain stable in bitcoins, or adapt to purchasing power?
lower bound of block size towards increased speed of propagation
timestamp different block explorers are not the same
Unconfirmed. Sent to
Unconfirmed in the blockchain
How to confirm a Bitcoin transaction to primedice.com
Does Trezor have any shortfalls security-wise?
Are any miners still considering priority in their transaction selection?
Does bitcoin have the potential to be subject to a hard fork where miners are forced to choose which fork they will accept, like Etherum?
Globally distributed accomplices for improved outcome in race attack
Is there a central repository of bitcoin conferences?
Are there any bitcoin communities for women?
Can a multi-sig address also be a vanity address?
What is going on with my transaction
BItcoinjs - safest way to manage wallet on a potentially untrusted device
How can I transfer my Bitcoin Android wallet to another platform?
Should I increase my mempool size to accomodate temporary crisis?
I used Bitcoin-QT to send BTC and it never confirmed. I used the zap command and resent with maximum fees, still no luck
Why doesn't the Bitcoin Wallet mobile app require the whole blockchain?
Please Help! !Unconfirmed transfer for over 12 hours using recommended fee?
Why is Bitcoin gaining value while so many other cryptocurrencies are not?
How to use bitcoinjs-lib with Regtest?
Is there a central repository that states a country's latest policy on bitcoin?
Accidentally spent unconfirmed funds, when will they clear?
I am afraid of private key collision... What is the solution?
What is the difference between Exchange & Offer in the Monetary System for NXT / Ardor Platform?
How to build Merkle root from merkle branches?
Using segwit and creating Pay-To-Witness (P2WPKH) addresses
Failing to build bitcoin-core v0.13.1
Creating a NXT/Ardor transaction using the NXT api via post
How to generate a zcash vanity address?
Receive payments in BTC or USD, but get paid in Bitcoin?
How do blocks signal whether it supports segwit for the 95% threshold?
Transactions before blockchain sync?
Keeping track of unique deposit Bitcoin Addresses per user
How do I enable segwit in Bitcoin Core 13.1?
Disable Downloading the entire blockchain using Bitcoin core?
OP_RETURN marks transaction or output as invalid
Bitcoin full node installation on Raspberry Pi3 not working
Should boost be installed in /usr/ or /usr/local/ for bitcoin-core?
getrawtransaction is error bitcoin core
Is equihash/scrypt suitable for pooled mining?
Is there a plausible future for the use of Bitcoin in the financial industry and corporate finance?
Transfer Bitcoins From Bitcoin Core To Blockchain Wallet?
What would be a safe way to store large amounts of Bitcoin long term to ensure safety from loss?
Why does blockchain.info API response with wrong balance value?
Why do we need blockchains?
How do I program smart contracts?
Cannot access my blockchain account
How are wallets listed on bitcoin.org chosen?
Technical details of premining
Calculating Z value in a tx with 1 input and 2 outputs
Interested to find a good resource with all active bitcoins exchanges
What is better, pre-existing Bitcoin-core API bindings for python or custom wrapper functions
Bitcoin Core 0.13 -- jsonrpc interface -- conflicted transactions
How does Bitcoin coordinate time between nodes
Types of ScriptPubKey that can contain addresses
Type and Amount of Transaction in Blockchain API
What's the purpose of ScriptSig in a SegWit transaction?
Calculating total outgoing transaction fees associated with a single address?
Is Blockchain safe to store personal information?
If a block contains no SegWit transactions, does a miner send an (empty) witness?
Why doesn't directory.io list addresses starting with 3?
alone in a CoinJoin amongst colluding scoundrels- can they spot you?
Bitcoin wallet integration with website
Can I use Electrum seed as a paper wallet?
mixing coins, destination address
Is the UTXO set computed from scratch by new full nodes?
I keep losing my bitcoins
is it possible to connect to every peer in the Bitcoin network?
clustering addresses, what's the most effective way?
Choosing between blocks with chain same work- why pick the first received?
socket send error Bad file descriptor (9)
Bitcoin mining with rented rigs
Missing Deposit in my bitcoin core account
Bitcoin core API for address
What is the "hierarchical" about in Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets?
I keep hearing about MAST, what is it and what does it do?
When does transaction output become usable?
What is the difference between PoW and PoS regarding computations when determining a new block?
Does any documentations with mathematical description of Bitcoin exist?
Zcash proposal to use checkpoints to verify monetary supply
Send an email when there is activity on a NXT / Ardor account address in php?
When does signaling for SegWit start exactly?
How to figure from logs if solomining the wallet fails (linux)?
Why are 0.13.1 Core nodes connecting only to Witness (e.g. 0.13.1) nodes?
Will there be a point in the future where moving bitcoins to a new address will make them safer?
Bitcoin Blockchain in the Quantum computing era
why did blockchain.info misstate the value of this transaction
Bitcoin usage over time: investment vs spending
How can I use a large input if the difference of the outputs and the inputs goes to the fee?
turning bitcoin into cash like euro,usd,peso etc.currency
Is there any way to experiment with the Bitcoin technology without having to buy actual bitcoins for use on the larger bitcoin network?
Sending Bitcoin from LocalBitcoin to another wallet to secure my funds, does it work?
GetAddr not returning connected node addresses
Algorithm of checking whether an element is present in a merkle tree
How to compress transaction fee as much as possible?
How to explain blockchain in terms of OSI 7-layer model? Is it based on service in the transport layer
Problem occurred in running the abe explorer for public blockchain running locally
I've deleted my wallet and never backed up my files. How can I recover my coins?
Does rootstock need segregated witness to work?
zcash - current block reward
Can I find miner's payoff record in the Block Chain?
What happens when you close a payment channel on tumblebit?
Who controls the Payment Hub in tumblebit?
Is selfish mining still an option with compact blocks and FIBRE?
Bitcoin Core 0.13 -- SENDFROM rpc call
What restrictions are there to the application of opt-in RBF?
how do i convert an uncompressed key to an extended bip 32?
What kind of messages are those used by Bitcore
Simulator bitcoin miner
Concept of Validating Transactions
Building Vertcoin ERROR - makefile.unix:219: recipe for target 'vertcoind' failed
separating proof of work from mining possible?
is there a tool to produce addresses given a master public key?
Have the Bitcoin developers resigned to the idea of changing the mining algorithm to an ASIC-resistant one?
When do miners stop waiting for new transactions?
BIP70 signed payment request
Bitcoin Core 0.13.1 shutdown with I/O device error
How to catch the fees on regtest mode?
How to generate Bitcoin private - public keys with ECDSA module?
Why does the blockchain need blocks?
How does MimbleWimble avoid transaction graph leaks?
Find used addresses of an HD wallet xpub (Extended private Key)
How to create offer using JSON RPC in Ripple
From where can I import live cryptocurrency market values into my webpage?
Blockchain synchronization is painfully slow / Best way to download blockchain
How does Mimblewimble's security model compare to Bitcoin's?
How does the node system understand which ledger is the latest before updating their own ledger?
Does a long time storage wallet need to be online?
How to get addresses from scriptPubKey in segwit transactions?
Is mining necessary for the transaction
sign and verify a message in Bitcoin Core 0.13.1 (OSX)?
Is there an address format for P2WPKH or P2WSH?
How can I view my wallet private key using Blockchain
Is it possible to to create an output in a transaction that has a value of zero?
How to install Electrum wallet in an offline Linux computer?
src/net.cpp | What does "nUnkBias" define/mean
bitcoind crashing due to insufficient memory?
How can you tell if you're at the end of an incomplete blk*.dat file?
Move BC before/after reformatting
What prevents a node from receiving a solved solution and claiming it as its own work?
What's the point of Bitcoin eaters?
Bitcore-p2p: Peer.connect does not work
Testnet peers list (with IP addresses)
LTC payouts getting lower these days
Using confidential transactions with plain-text ouputs
Blockchain implementation in banks
How to produce a p2wsh transaction with bitcoin-cli?
What is a fraud proof?
How to redeem a p2wsh transaction?
What exactly does censorship resistance mean?
Can we design the protocol, so that an address can only be used once as an output in a transaction?
Signing tx with OpenSSL, but fails when sending with bitcoin qt. How to debug?
Since which version the mining functionality removed from wallet?
Bitcoin values change in each exchange
Can I get Bitcoins anonymously by having a friend perchase them from an exchange and tranferring them to me?
What counts as verification or validation of a transaction?
Fatal Error Help/Advice
Geting back transferred Bitcoins when the opposite party denied to accept the transfer
How to let a peer connect to a peer's peer?
when does an address shows on blockchain?
Bitcoin-qt requesting reindex on already indexed blockchain data directory
What new JSON-RPC calls are available with SegWit activation?
Is the fee added to the cost of the transaction or subtracted from the received money?
Where can i buy zcash coins, named as ZEC?
How to prevent ASIC mining for my new altcoin?
Replace-by-Fee vs Child-pays-for-Parent?
Spying on a bitcoin user after knowing all of their addresses
UTXO all sent to change address?
About how the bitcoin network changes the difficulty of mining
How to enable device in cgminer?
Extra bytes in coinbase
Why Bitcoin does not user bcrypt for hashing?
What is the maximum idle time for a node to be considered active?
Where do the mined bitcoins go?
Is the idea of color coins/open assets still alive? Are there any interesting projects ahead on this way?
Electrum use from third-party Computer
Bitcoin Core telling me transaction is not "trusted"
What would happen to my bitcoins?
Accepting cryptocurrency in Django app
What do numbers on Coinmarket cap mean?
Node: How to keep persistent incoming connection?
OpenSSL and Secp256k1 differing in implementation of ECDSA signatures?
What does the Payment Hub learn about its users in TumbleBit?
How do I restore my Multibit wallet without seed words?
Which cryptocurrencies are better suited to users with limited bandwidth?
MultiSig Learning On TestNet
Why are arithmetic script opcodes limited to 4 byte operands?
How are past transactions validated (when there have been softforks)?
Transaction unconfirmed after almost 2 day,please help
How do I transfer all funds from one wallet to another?
Online bitcoin tools playground?
transaction stays in status "0/unconfirmed, in memory pool"
Physical objects on the blockchain as data?
How to sync litecoin blockchain (+ bootstrap) from the terminal?
Payment Channels - Securing the private key that locks client funds
Cryptocurrency Arbitrage - What do I need to know?
Made Consecutive Transactions But Unconfirmed at Blockchain.info wallet
Does Bitcoin + mixers = Monero?
Updated bitcoin mining energy usage
Why some blocks didn't use full potential of their size?
Can one mix bitcoins by oneself?
Xapo bitcoin transaction stuck
NBitcoin - how to set RBF to true in order to give higher fee for transaction
Trying to create a bitcoin public/private key using bitcoin-core
UTXO model vs. account/balance model
Can two different nonces and different blocks produce the same hash?
Worth investing in to a cloud mining companies?
Given only a private key, is it possible to see if it has unspent bitcoin?
Does a thin client testnet wallet exist which allows offline signing?
How does the electrum wallet 'payto' command work
is there any API like blockchain.info and bitcore with tutorial?
how long does it take to confirm?
How can i run own web wallet without no need Blockchain
Using pybitcointools to create keys, addresses, sign transactions, and push them out
how to get private key of old receiving address in blockchain.info. I have passphrase!
I sent bitcoin to the same address a second time, how can I recover it?
Can a merchant find my other bitcoin addresses in the same wallet if it sends me money to one?
Why is mempool deleted when restart bitcoind and how to keep it?
Easy way to accept bitcoin payments without external service
How to create walletconflicts in regtest mode?
Who is the decision body for forking a blockchain ledger?
How can I build custom bitcoin network and start with bitcoin codebase
Different error messages under "Mandatory script verify flag failed."
Would it be visible that someone moved bitcoins to or from tumblebit?
Is there a way to blacklist or track ransomware bitcoin addresses?
Bitcoins not showing up in MultiBit after backup import
What's the most fair mining algorithm
How to integrate Blockchain Wallet API V2 to php
What physical coins of bitcoin exists?
After bitcoin-cli -regtest -sendtoaddress "address" That address's balance is always 0
Service or application to auto sweep specified BTC private keys?
Armory Wallet With 2BTC Gone After 3 Years! HELP!
Zcash z-addr in bitcoin
Why is segwit support rising so smoothly?
Cannot build secp256k1 C library on Debian stretch
How does Bitcoin verifies signature if addresses are one way hashed
What constitutes a project to be a Bitcoin Sidechain?
Understanding signing messages with bitcoinjs-lib
Relative licensing restrictions of Ethereum and other projects- Open Source?
Bitcoin Core 0.13 How many addresses it can **effectively** manage?
WebAPI to interact with bitcoin wallet
Where can I buy an xbox live subscription with BTC?
What programming language should i learn if i want to implement its technology in the future?
this transaction spends an input which is unconfirmed ~ 2 hours now
How to avoid "single point of trust" in online bitcoin exchange sites
How often does a typical miner refresh their candidate block?
Bitcoin Core 0.13 wallet encryption
Blockchain wallet Outgoing Payments
The 51% assumption
Why can't altcoins erode Bitcoin's foundation?
My transaction in Multibit HD has seen by 124 peers but yet after 11 hours, not confirmed?
NVIDIA Tesla K80 vs M60, if electricity and capital wasn't a factor
Transaction Sent Taking almost 2 days , what's wrong? Help pls
Underpaid Invoice
How can I recover my MultiBit HD wallet words?
Copay wallet problem: "Could not update Wallet: Network connection error"
No information available about transaction
Can I actually profit from bitcoin mining on my PC?
Is the block size limit miners'-only thing, or should users participate?
generating master public key from address
Signing transactions with un/compressed key
difference between Master Public/private Key and Public/private Key?
How to Install block.io in your site?
How to convert a keyPair to JSON and back?
How to send bitcoins by email?
child keys generated addresses reflect in wallet?
Is 165aBmgtQJFDLkSYPU5C8jq5gpnAtHdKBh a scam Bitcoin address?
Transaction still listed as 'pending' after 12 hours
How to open bitcoin source in IDE?
spend balance using master key
What does change address mean inside Electrum wallet?
Is it possible for two nodes to view blockchains differently?
Why does blockchain.info show the warning "Transaction rejected by our node. Reason: The transaction is not final"?
How to unstuck a low-fee transaction with Electrum?
Electrum SSL Cert Prorblem
How to put QR Code whenever I generate a unique address? block.io API
What are conflicting transactions? Does it mean BTC lost permanently?
What is the path used for the HD wallet in Bitcoin Core 0.13?
Best way to start with Bitcoin today
How do I recover bitcoin sent to a wrong wallet address
Is there any chance to check the name by bitcoin hash?
Does solo mining still exist?
Why miners try to produce big blocks i.e. try to put transaction in a block as many as possible?
As the number of Public keys available in BlockChain increases, does it cause extra risks for private key's security?
Does 4 byte Nonce enough to proof of work?
Can anyone give an explaination of what exactly a Bitcoin is and where it derives its value from?
How does Bitcoin avoid splitting into multiple p2p networks?
What bitcoin exchanges are based in the USA?
Bitcoint Core Gui will not display once index is loaded
mSigna : return address
If an offline, never connected, Electrum wallet is lost, it can still be recovered?
Can't run Bitcoin Core 0.13.1
Failing to build bitcoin-core v0.13.1 on debian stretch
Bitcoin library - how to check number of confirmations
Chaining unconfirmed raw transactions
Do OP_RETURN messages persist on the blockchain?
Can a desktop wallet be tracked using IP address?
Computer broke, how to obtain the private key?
Does bitcoin stop periodically for finalising the next block?
bitcoin smartcontract feature
Library for generating HD keys/addresses (ideally for python)
Can I cancel a transaction that has not been successfully broadcast yet?
Trying to find an efficient method to process all transactions directed to my BTC address
Would free energy cause a market collapse?
Who Really Controls Bitcoin?
Hypothetical Scenario - How long does a network correction take?
retrieve all the transaction between two addresses
How do bitcoin adresses get into the Bitcoin system when they're created offline?
Am I being ripped off?
16: mandatory-script-verify-flag-failed (Non-canonical DER signature) (code -26)
incorrect teredo ipv6 address advertising
Why does Antpool mine so many empty blocks?
How to verify Bitcoin Core Release Signing Keys
Can I get confirmation time from txid (tx_hash)?
What is the point of a permissioned blockchain?
Rejected transaction
v0.13.1 wallet - connect failed: Network is unreachable (101)
Is it possible for some one with huge computing power to disrupt Block Chain?
when will the bitcoin wallet app be available for windows phone?
Bitcoin/US Dollar Exchange Rates
How a thin node ensures the validity of blockchain?
Unconfirmed transaction, fees paid, seem to be two payments
Moving bitcoins around
Can't install Bitcoin
Do you need to change 'rpcuser' and 'rpcpassword' for each bitcoind node you run?
How transaction fees differ between different wallets?
Block Confirmation Speed - Bitcoin vs Litecoin vs Potcoin
What is the legal status of a p2p fee taking App for matching bitcoin sellers/buyers?
Bitcoin did not get to reciever
How to get xpub or mpk(bip32) for my bitcoin core wallet?
How can I use hashrate distribution to make inferences about when a specific pool will find a block?
Possible to restore an Electrum wallet with partial (12/13) seed?
Can old wallets redeem segwit outputs it receives? If so how?
Can anyone help me understand why my transaction won't confirm
What would be the fastest way to query for a certain txid to get its inputs?
bitcoin-cli can't connect to server
How to change directory for MultiBit HD wallet file away from C:\?
p2pool.util.jsonrpc.NarrowError: -10
Adding a note or message to payment?
What type of database does Bitcore use?
Synchronisation stopped at one specific blockchain
OP_RETURN malleability?
How bitcoin addresses are generated?
bitcoin-qt (master branch) shutdown delay on debian stretch
How do private keys in Bitcoin-Qt's encrypted wallet differ from BIP38 private keys?
How are off-chain transactions handled by bitcoind?
Running full node over Tor
Bitcoin transactions
Can i compose a multisig address where one of the signatories is a multisig address?
Can you list receiving addresses in bitcoin-cli?
Bitcoin transactions.
What's the difference between hashtx and rawtx in ZeroMQ of bitcoind?
Using ZeroMQ of bitcoind to monitor addresses?
Bitcoin Core QT Fatal Error after moving block folder, can't retrieve Private Key
Is this mixing routine secure ?
How do you generate a NXT / Ardor address using javascript only?
socket recv error Connection reset by peer (54) failed after select(): Connection refused (61)
Bitcoin transactions from mining companies
Bitcoin Wallet Unsynched and Lost BTC?
How much power and cost do miners currently expend to mine one bitcoin?
Is there any blockchains that has implemented a 2fa type of security measure?
How long does block validation take?
What are the political and environmental implications of growing Bitcoin electricity consumption?
Bitcoin client on OpenBSD - compile error(s)
Implications of transfering to different blockchain addresses that belongs to same person with same wallet
Bitcoin backed fiat currency
Non bitcoin like blockchains
Hex to ASCII conversion of output scripts generates unexpected characters
How to retrieve the from and to wallet addresses of a transaction?
How can anonymity and uniqueness be achieved in the blockchain?
Understanding a Bitcoin Double Spending Transaction by Performing one on yourself
How to estimate optimal fees for transaction in bitcoind?
How to BIP38 existing private keys offline
searchrawtransactions in bitcoin-cli returning "Method not found" error
How can I explain the meaning of Bitcoin to my grandma?
Bitcoin Tax Question
What was the very initial value of OP_RETURN?
How to uninstall Bitcoin Core?
The best way to keep my private keys safe?
Is PAN or ID card verification necessary to buy Bitcoin in India?
How do miners avoid transactions getting dropped?
Is it possible to trace bitcoin ATM withdrawals?
Negate the need for blockchain explores and full blockchain syncing for simple queries
Uniquely identify two wallet.dat files
how much profit can I expect if I start mining today on my Gaming laptop?
Unable to send 'version' message correctly
How to buy and sell on the 15 minute time frame
What are the possible Version Bits votes?
I can't receive a sent bitcoin yet
Charge backs on bitcoins
What percentage of newly created bitcoins have never been moved?
Ledger size of bitcoins and network bottlenecks
Sending bitcoins in regtest to client
Mini private key with character "l"?
What happens between submitting a transaction to the network and it being confirmed?
Any good reference to a proof of the trustworthiness of a simple protocol based on blockchain?
What development stage do the version 0.13.99 nodes represent?
Bitcoin adder or bitcoin generator or bitcoin hacker software
How can I pick up the blockchain download where it left off on another computer using an EHD?
How to toggle visibility of sender?
Do dormant bitcoin wallets go stale?
Lost/forgotten/locked Bitcoins
Sending transaction with Python + raw protocol
71 confirmations?
Can bitcoin accounts be imported?
how to transfer money from mobile wallet to bitcoin wallet
What exactly is Microsoft 365 going to support?
How does Proof of Burn work?
Would it be possible for miners to discriminate Lightning Network transactions?
Removing Bitcoin from my phone to secure storage
How does the client know the number of keys and coins when recovering from a seed?
how do you get your computer not to run out of memory with the system syncing
how do i programmatically find out whether this phone has a wallet with at least a certain arbitrary amount of bitcoin in it?
How do people in developing countries buy Bitcoin?
Why transaction is signed with locking script from the input transaction?
How to sign raw transaction given a private key and SHA hash (in java)
Can you use Electrum wallets for storing Ethereum?
How to access bitcoin wallet on an android that became unresponsive?
Settling offline transactions
Unconfirmed Block Chain transaction
In which circumstances is the identity of a miner known?
Can transaction inputs reference outputs of pending transactions?
How to run bitcoind in a low memory environment
How can an encrypted wallet spend coins without asking for decryption password?
transaction "unconfirmed," no idea what the problem is, running updated bitcoin core
GetRawTransaction not returning time
How to compute double sha256 shown in examples of bip 143?
Unconfirmed Transaction, what can I do?
How can I fix an unconfirmed low-fee transaction sent from Multibit HD?
I have Bitcoin Core 0.13.1 (64-bit) and I can't get prune to work
How do you know that Block, the Merket Root & the hashes in the path are authentic?
What bitcoin clients provide GUI support for "BIP 125 Opt-in Full Replace-by-Fee Signaling"?
How can I run bitcoin-cli with disabled syncing?
Where in the source code of the Core Client is the GetBlockValue() function?
Why doesn't getblockchaininfo reveal BIP9 signaling statistics?
Did Satoshi know since its publication all the applications that the blockchain would enable?
Bitcoin mining sharing
Redeem script for segwit addresses
Would more Full Nodes help scaling and transaction speed?
Why OP_RETURN should be used instead of raw data?
What if a pair of double-spent transactions are collected into a new block?
Partially sign a transaction with coinb.in
As of 2017 is it still possible to get a transaction confirmed without a fee?
Is the probability of generating invalid blocks reduced by mining transactions unknown to others?
bitcoind -zmqpubhashtx causes empty raw file
Does my bitcoin multiply with every fork?
Verifying transactions on a 2013 version of qt
How to update index when payment is received with Blockchain PHP API?
Why is the full Merkle path needed to verify a transaction?
How can a light client be certain he got all relevant transactions?
What would happen if the mining reward suddenly became 0?
Why not multiply "six confirmations" and divide Time-Between-Blocks and Reward by the same factor?
Linux gitian-builder "dpkg: error processing package sudo"
What is the 6a[...] hash in OP_RETURN transactions?
Why are blk*.dat files ~134200000 bytes?
Use bitcoin-qt for website integration?
Why does coinbase make 2 transfers instead of one
How would tax and government revenue be enforced in a bitcoin run society?
Creating custom altcoin
Could Bitcoin work without block subsidy and transaction fees?
Transactions from blockchain not confirmed for days
Is it OK not to sort transactions at all?
How can I get the date of the last transaction from the blockchain.info API?
How to add a fixed transaction fee to each transaction?
Blockchain use in Record Management
How can a X-coin market cap go down while its value goes up?
Will the increasing difficulty in Bitcoin mining push miners to a different currency?
In creating a scriptSig, how do I sign the hash of a raw transaction?
Is there any tool available that can tell me the balance of bitcoin address on specific date?
Electrum - using a fixed fee regardless of transaction size
If a double spend is executed, what happens to the original transaction?
Is magicbytes sequence a valid delimiter for blocks in blockchains?
I don't know how to export a private key from blockchain.info
What is the most secure operating system that I can use to store bitcoins without having to fear a hacker stealing them?
Where can I view my HD wallet seed in bitcoin core 13.2
Is it still possible to issue your own assets on Ripple?
Looking for raw historical LTC data
Why must be the Merkle Tree a full binary?
How to pass Livenet Txhash on a testnet Bitcore node
Does coinbase pay for my transfer fees?
Implementing a Blockchain at the very basic level?
How to get sending address of MultiSig transaction?
API for montly and weekly averages
What happens when "Request expires" in Electrum?
Fastest device to perform single-threaded SHA256 hashing
I'm new to Bitcoin, how do I keep my bitcoins secure?
How to find out as soon as possible about a transaction to my payment address?
China is 98% of the bitcoin market?
Does the introduction of Schnorr signatures require segwit?
Do HTLC transactions work today or do they need a new soft-fork?
How do you hash data for mining?
How to share the blockchain across local network residing on 1 PC, not copy?
Self trade prevention
How to run QBitNinja Server locally?
Colored coin adds meta data to OP_RETURN. Why isn't this frowned upon?
How can the government tax you using bitcoin
Is Light Bitcoin a legitimate site or a SCAM?
Duplicate transactions in blockchain
The cost of Exchanging $50k
How to do "sendmany" without accounts?
Multi-signature public key validation
Transaction with 0.0002 BTC fee but not confirmed sice 2 days
How to get balance of tens of thousands of addresses?
Beginning 2017 what estimate of individuals own bitcoin?
Is the difficulty target always truncated for practical purposes?
Why was the maximum target set to 0xffff0000000...?
Proof of work: optimal number of transactions?
error message : "com.googlebitcoin.core.ProtocolException:Peer does not have a copy of the block chain"?
Estimate of Net % of transaction fees in bitcoin transactions
How To connect BItcoin Core with Php
Is the target the source of the difficulty?
Does Armory work with a pruned copy of the blockchain?
Difference between Public Bitcoin Address and Hash 160 Address?
Why are orphans called orphans?
Avoiding Bitcoin Addresses Collisions
additional document for BIP32
Can a publicly visible but privately mined block chain be trusted?
Get outpoint for a transaction
Blockchain.info handling gap of 20 unused addresses limit
Can a resynchronization be avoided when recovering a wallet in Bitcoin Core?
Is -blocknotify triggered during catch-up?
What is an obfuscation key?
Is it possible to identify what online wallet service a Bitcoin address belongs to?
Processing bitcoins on my website completely by myself, with no third-party bitcoin SaaS services
how is the value of crypto coin decided
Bitcoin conversion with comingled funds
What's a Sybil attack?
new Bitcoin Core (0.13.2) as Cold Storage Wallet?
Where can I collect Bitcoins?
backing up 12 seed words vs wallet.dat
How to Use TransactionBuilder in NBitcoin
Keeping old blocks on an external hard drive and latest blocks on an SSD
print websocket messages in a textfile
Could bitcoins destroy a government
Bitcoin QT using the terminal
The payment is not confirmed
Help! Unconfirmed transaction for the past 12 hours!
I can not access use bitcoin rpc via php : easybitcoin.php
How do I provide proof of a transaction for tax purposes?
Transaction Unconfirmed after 12 hours! Help!
How can I find the coinbase transactions where the bitcoins involved in a transaction were created?
Privacy issues with storing entire information in blockchain
Pls Help! My transactions on multibit HD is yet to be confirmed after 24hrs
Where is the configuration file?
Stuck Transaction for almost 2 days, have paid fees
My transactions regularly have to be rebroadcast. Why? How can I fix it?
Test (r,s) values for signature generation?
ccminer JSON-RPC call failed: Method not found
Are there any POS coin open source mobile wallets implementations?
NXT, Ignis, and Ardor Confusion. Purpose of NXT when there is Ignis / Ardor?
Resources for HF Trading of Bitcoin & Altcoin
Handling negative "s" values for signatures?
Altcoin Wallet Warning: Virus Alert Coinstealer in it! Why?
How to make PoS system work?
Create raw transaction what txid
Block index versus Block height
Does ASIC miners leave a trace in the mining history of bitcoin?
Offline payments with Android wallet
Problem of colored-coins/assets and other coins with a parent/child relationship of paying for fees with only the parent currency
JSON RPC call from webpage to Bitcoin Core
Transactions confirmed on Blockchain but nothing received to my Blockchain wallet
Transfer bitcoins from an address to another
Zcash t-addr + z-addr transactions
Hacked bitcoin account.
Installed 2nd Bitcoin client and invalidated blockchain progress
In what ways was the "Hong Kong Agreement" infringed upon?
AWS ELB for Bitcoin node discovery?
Ripple paper wallaet from Rippley (https://ripply.eu/) code check / safe?
Does a new private key is generated at each transaction?
Same recovery phrase to two wallets?
Will reinstalling bitcoin core give me access to the previous wallet?
Alert Key Compromised, upgrade required
How can I import an existing Blockchain.info wallet to bitcoin-cli?
Stratum Server Exception "[coin] is not connected"
Thin Client and OP_RETURN
How to tell if I have been hacked?
Stratum Server with twisted: Worker Autoadd enabled, nut not working?
How to compile coins from github? (linux mint/ubuntu)
What bitcoin wallets support bip32 extended public key export?
Bitcoin Wallet: Will 2 payments within 10 minutes cause double spending
Transfer Blockchain.info to Electrum
Create Android Alt Coin Wallet
My transactions aren't being recognized in Blockchain
Problems loading blockchain from existing folder
Can I spend utxos from various bip32 subwallets in only one transaction?
What is the point in using Kademlia routing if there are so few nodes?
How accessible is Bitcoin to blind people?
How to get BIP34Hash and nMinimumChainWork?
Installation of Nxt on Ubuntu
bitcoin wallet error
How can I generate an address with some string on it, which will check as correct?
Do transactions with old UTXOs take longer to confirm?
Transaction creation process is not non-interactive(Mimblewimble)?
make: *** No rule to make target 'all'. Stop. Stellar-core
SIGHASH_SINGLE vbuterin/pybitcointools
Banned bitcoinj node ip
I need help on a 24 hr unconfirmed transaction on blockchain
What is a Key pair? & relationship with adresses?
That hid Satoshi Nakamoto in your code
Is the miners address part of the block or the block header?
Anonymity of Bitcoin ownership a fakery?
Privacy approach for a light-weight wallet
inputs getting smaller
Accepting Bitcoin payments without the full blockchain or third party APIs?
What are the advantages to become a bitcoin node?
How can I solo mine using Bitcoin Core?
Using Bitcoin Core Wallet, encrypted it, now it won't recognize password
Manually checking for credited bitcoins
Electrum via command-line: can generic blockchain info be requested?
Did the new nodes accept the old blocks in hard fork?
Limit the amount of change addresses
Do I need to mix my coins to stay anonymous?
Bitcoin Core for Mac not syncing, can't access private key to export coins to other wallet
Why do transactions send coins to the same address as they spent it from?
Possible to get Blockchain bitcoins over to Stripe or Paypal?
What are the best JavaScript libraries to accept Bitcoin payments?
Create Multiple Output transactions with Bitcoin Core
How to estimate mining fee for raw transaction?
What is protecting the mempool from being DDOSd?
Is it possible to create a disposable address identical to mine?
Disjoint quora slices and global ledger status.
How can I officially prove that a Bitcoin private key is owned by an entity?
Why would I trust a cryptocurrency that allow only 3 transactions/s?
Multisig where one of the keys specifically is required?
How does the Bitcoin Network verify whether the wallet has enough bitcoins for the transaction?
Complex Transaction Signing?
Unconfirmated bitcoin transaction, 1 day ago. Need Help
Decrypting BitcoinJ/MultiBit key (scrypt/aes-256) from protobuf with NodeJS
Bitcoin cross trading from Bitstamp to Bitfinex
Transaction not found in Blockchain
get utx scriptPubKey to become an object
What makes HD wallets resistant to brute force attacks?
Selling my bitcoins with 10% extra profit. How is that possible?
bitcoind reloads blockchain from scratch when it starts up?
Stealth addresses how does recipient use the bitcoins?
Update (or is it an upgrade?) from 12.0 to 13.2
Who pays for the computational cost when validating a transaction
How to get asm and hex from vout
How can I tell what the latest version is which can conduct a transaction?
What other decentralized bitcoin / altcoin exchanges are there besides Bitsquare?
How does bitsquare sell/buy fiat currencies when it is decentralized?
Quadratic hashing problem: Why not just create new OP code "CHECKSIG2" to fix?
Why do we need Proof of Work in bitcoin?
What is the cost of setting up a bitcoin account
How is Bitcoin truly decentralized?
Bitcoin Volatility
How to prevent a miner from stealing another miner's block?
It's possible to spend a BTC without fee to forge a payment?
Sending coins from Multibit stuck at "Unconfirmed / Pending"
How do I set up a Bitcoin account that I can transfer money to my checking
Which RPC may I use to query bitcoind for raw transactions coming through?
How to determine if transaction is going to propagate?
Bitcoin Core HD Wallet v0.13.2 missing confirmed incoming transaction
I forgot the index of my BIP32 key
What informations are contained in a transaction?
Why are some transactions found on some chain explorers but not on others?
32k Transaction Size, 0.0005 Fees. Will it ever be confirmed?
REST API to create Stellar account?
What are the hex and asm field values in the JSON decoded from a raw transactions?
How to fund an account in a Stellar private network?
What does the term "Electronic Cash" stand for in computer science lingo?
Is it still possible to do cpu mining for experimenting?
How would Bitcoin look like if the primary design goal was to have LN-like payments?
How users collectively sign a transaction in a multisig scenario?
Receiver email address
Who would buy my bitcoin? (Hypothetical question)
Multiple transactions to one address
Bitcoins did not arrive
Where is blockchain located on mac for Bitcoin-Qt?
block checksum mismatch?
How does Bitcoin read from/write to LevelDB
Possibility of validation of transaction TX id
Can a Mining Pool Force Changes Without Agreement from Bitcoin Core Developers?
How can I spend multisig pubkey scripts? (p2ms, not p2sh)
What is "version" used for in Bitcoin transactions? Does it have any meaning?
Where is my bitcoin balance stored in the blockchain?
How do light clients connect to the network?
How to start working with blk*.dat data?
Problem with full node
How do you create a merkle tree that lets you insert and delete elements without recomputing the whole thing?
Bitcoin testnet3: unable to push/publish raw transaction: how to verify validity of transaction?
how to change address back to old address
How does the wallet know which outputs are available with LevelDB
Is it possible to reduce the block interval in the future?
Would a transaction with a $0.01 fee get confirmed? If so, how long would it take?
Migration from Berkeley DB to LevelDB
Like Banks, are there better service providers from Bitcoins banks? Can I Find a rating?
How can a Bitcoin transaction be used multiple times (If it is so)?
Unconfirmed transaction after long wait
Why can bitcoins never be refunded unless the receiver agrees to send back the money?
testnet3 - unable to post txn using blockr or webbtc but can do using blockcypher. Also, transactions not getting confirmed. Why?
How exactly is Multibit HD more secure than Multibit Classic?
Easy to Mine Cryptocurrency
Is it possible to have a shared access bitcoin wallet?
Would replace by fee increase the fee on my transaction?
How do I get the addresses of input transactions using bitcoin-cli?
How do i loop through all the related address in a given wallet address
What does it mean by "many different transactions tied to a particular bitcoin address" in this context?
A question about mining difficulty
Is it possible to determine which transactions involve the same wallet?
Is it possible to attain information regarding individual bitcoin wallets (including the ones of the miners)?
Debugging bitcoind
BitCoin miners working on confirms
How many correct hashes are there giving a difficulty?
Import a wallet generated by another website to my node?
Send coins with Electrum from encrypted wallet created with Bitcoin Core
How to issue a CPFP?
Payment Transaction Validation
Buying a Gridseed Mini ASIC Miner -Beginner
Is there a way to remove or edit Blockchain.info public notes?
Tutorial on how to import a paper wallet into blockchain.info and send a transaction with message attached then delete it?
Bitcoin disappeared from wallet
Keepkey lists no transaction
Bitcoins reversed
Wallet issues with bitcoin
2of2 multisig - redeem script required
Checking/polling a balance of an address in Electrum via the command line/RPC
How do I reduce the Bitcoin transaction fee?
Why is my node being flooded with bitcoinj clients from 138.197.0.0/16?
Where does Coinify get its Bitcoins, and can I track their exchange rate somewhere?
Will SegWit allow for m of n multisig with very large n and m?
Broadcast a signed transaction
How do I get my Bit coin balance to restore on my new phone?
How to avoid rebroadcasting a transaction that is pending?
My address has been changed
How does a BIP70 url look like? I want to send my email to the person I'm sending my coins to.
How often are mining nodes updated with new transactions
I sent out a payment over a day ago and it's still not confirmed
How can I integrate Bitcoin payments into my website created in C#?
Explanation of parameters from bitcoin/src/chainparams.cpp
All my funds are showing up as unconfirmed. What can I do?
Transaction Rejected, bitcoins not returned to wallet?
Bitcoin hard disk replace to a solid disk
Bitcoins unconfirmed even after double spend
Transaction still unconfirmed after 2 days
What distinguishes a miner from another?
How much is enough
Optimal way for .NET programmer with no Linux/Python experience to query Blockchain and submit transactions?
3 days still unconfirmed transaction!
What are concrete uses of Bitcoin script?
What would stop this kind of attack?
Transaction Input - previous hash size?
How can I update a transaction from Electrum?
How Ripple actually transfer money from one bank to another?
What is to stop a malicious attacker only mining 1 transaction per block?
creating address in wallet and sending how it works
New To Mining - How Much US$ Am I Making / Day?
My Bitcoins have been held up in a transaction for 4 days now. I have a time sensitive issue after this
Just registered in bitcoin core...Gave my address for receiving, how long it takes for 1st transaction?
How do I deploy Qbit Ninja Server?
CVarint serialization format
Transaction unconfirmed for 5 days, and I don't think the fee is the problem?
Scalability of Bitcoin
Generating differnet addresses from same public key?
Non-bidirection payment channels for lightning network
SPV clients - how much does occupy the full blockchain headers?
How does a miner know if a transaction has already been included in the block chain? Does he traverse through the complete chain to conclude this?
Bitcoin Core Questions
Antminer s9 for mining!
Bitcoins disappeared on import into Electrum
bitcoin-cli remove an account
Timed Out Payment Still Unconfirmed After 2 Days?
New Numbers: How many Bitcoin addresses are/have been carrying a balance?
API request of blockchain.info over Java stops spontaneously
Double spend question during fork
Fee too high because of a bug in Bitkey application for Apple?
json_rpc_call failed
Does bitcoin / blockchain provide any protections similar to credit cards such as chargebacks?
Is it possible to have multiple wallets which send money and/or multiple wallets which receive money in a SINGLE transaction?
Why transactions' average confirmation times becoming more chaotic?
How to obtain the content of the field "addr_tag_link" and "addr_tag" without using the api of blockchain.info?
What is the difference between transactioninput.getFromAddress() and transactioninput.getConnectedOutput().getAddressFromP2SH(networkparameter))?
What can be changed in signed bitcoin transaction?
Sign transaction out wallet
Digital wallet hard disk space
Is it feasible to derive the root key of an HD wallet from a large sample of child public keys?
Is txindex=1 necessary in the latest versions?
Why does this non-coinbase transaction not have a sender address?
Is Lightning Network a risk for Bitcoin security since it reduces miner fees?
Understanding GreenAddress nLocktime/recovery transactions
Historical price of various cryptocurrencies
False error notifcation (double spent) 'code' => -4, 'message'
Restore keys from keypool
Blockchain SHA256 hash and nonce
Lightning Network: hashlocks vs private keys exchange
How does mining process takes Approximately 10 minutes?
Electrum transaction still says unconfirmed parent
Unconfirmed Transaction (after two days)
Blockchain.info websocket not working
My wallet balance says I have 12 mBTC but only allows me to send 2.63 mBTC. How can I fix this?
Given a set of consecutive HD private keys, can you generate the next private key without knowing the master private key?
Tried to fix unconfirmed transactions, remaining balance gone!
What does this output item in the result of the call with blocktrail api mean?
Do all block explorers show all unconfirmed transactions?
Which altcoin would be the easiest to fork a cryptocurrency from for educational purposes?
How exactly trading of Bitcoin does?
Privacy risks with a hardware wallet
Sent bitcoins to a suspicious address!
If btc change is supposed to be distributed to change addresses, can the distributed change be pooled and paid together in 1 new transaction?
Do I understand correctly that mnemonic seeds are specific to individual wallet software and its versions?
How to get the list of transactions of input/outputs for a bitcoin address in JSON format?
Buying bitcoins with a credit card without the charges being applied as a cash advance
Unconfirmed and rejected transaction
What's going on with address 1NZ9kxxUykiNSe61ZRNPLqWeVHVRnirGry?
bitcoin-cli commands like createrawtransaction not working with json on command line
How do hardware wallets integrate with software clients/nodes?
RAM usage of very small systems
Wallet transfer status stuck
About Coinbase regional restrictions
Transaction pending
Are SegWit signatures all required to follow BIP143?
Where can I find the explanation of each field of the result returned by the api of blockchain.info?
HD P2SH Wallets Compatibility with P2WPKH
Low fee Electrum wallet transaction disappeared, now when I increase the fee it seems to be rejected as a double spend
Creating an account system
My wallet doesn't show a confirmed transaction
How do you configure the Antminer S1 to mine Dash?
What is the max length of a public note when attaching it to a bitcoin transaction using blockchain.info?
What other wallet service has integrated a message attach feature like public notes used in blockchain.info wallets?
Are there counterparty nodes that one can run to support the counterparty network?
Unconfirmed transactions with Electrum?
I reused a previous deposit address and the recipient claims the address was invalid
Tell me what it means blockinfo?
Why are my profitability calculations for Litecoin mining with an Antminer off the chart?
How long does it take to perform a single SHA256?
Why does some transaction returned in the result of Blocktrail api call contain a field called "raw"?
C secp256k1 : ec_pubkey_parse successful on NULL context despite attribute
Does pruning affect a node's security or consensus ability?
Minority Attack on Bitcoins
Pending transactions
NBitcoin: signing a transaction in TestNet
What is the User Activated Softfork (UASF) proposal? How do its risks compare to hardforks?
How to get address from scriptSig?
Unconfirmed Transaction[3]
What would happen if one person mined all unmined bitcoins?
How many UTXOs have a marginal fee cost that's higher than its worth?
How to setup seed node?
Double spend a tx output already spent but unconfirmed because of low fee
Bitcoin node sync
Hello, got bitcoin core and am confused
Asset creation on cryptocurrency/blockchain
Why Bitcoinchain.info Ticker API is not stable?
How to get the first block of bitcoin?
Bitsqaure: Can I contact arbitrator before time limit?
If I restore my electrum wallet from seed will I lose my pending transaction
How Do I use the prune option on bitcoin core?
I was unable to fund another wallet since this morning
How would I go about exploring Bitcoin's entire block chain?
even after 0.0005BTC Fee, My transaction is unconfirmed
Can I save the already downloaded blocks to another file location am almost out of space on my drive
Will block chain pruning work for zeronet (Website hosting on block chain)?
How to update code of my existing altcoin?
Bitcoin ETF - Press releases
Is this how I should calculate a Double SHA256
What is the difference between X11 and X11 Ghost (Gost)
Duplicate addresses in transaction possible?
Payment icon for private wallet
What hardware should I use to mine MUE?
How to generate a Bitcoin Private Key Checksum
Bitstamp: What type of order to place to buy BTC when the price drops to a certain value?
Bitcoin-qt 0.8.5 upgrade
Callback not working in program using the blockchain api
Inconsistency in pubkey hashes usage explanation
IBM Hyperledger Fabric Running Multiple Nodes on Multiple Datacenters & PCs
How do I prune/clean wallet.dat for old unused addresses
Unconfirmed bitcoins 258: txn-mempool-conflict
What BIP32 derivation path does Electrum use for Multisig?
Why do people expect Bitcoin Unlimited to cause miner centralization?
Transferring bitcoins out of an old multibit wallet
BTC sent from Bitcoin Core on 3rd still unconfirmed (7days)
What are the Pros/Cons of investing in the Bitcoin ETF vs. bitcoins yourself?
What software should I use to mine alt coins?
Bitcore full node list with Wallet service enabled?
Stuck unconfirmed balance in multibitHD (stuck since 2015)
How do bitcoin exchanges commit the limit/market orders?
List of current opcodes?
bitcoins not arrived to the receiver
Compiling an ALTCOIN on Ubuntu, getting errors during make
Are there other ways to have more than one address involved in a SINGLE transaction input or a SINGLE transaction output?
What is the significance of version byte and address checksum in version 1 Bitcoin address
What currencies does Electrum support?
Why did the SEC deny the attempt to list the Winklevoss' Bitcoin ETF?
What happens if you set prune=<n> to a value between 0 and 550?
How much time in average does it take for an simple PC to create block?
Is there a Bitcoin wallet app for Android which allows me to quickly generate say 50 addresses, label them and...
transaction from Luno wallet to blockchain wallet not successful
I have 2 transactions on electrum wallet still not confirmed
As mining without a pool?
Can I reload my node's config from the command line without restarting the node?
Using shapeshift to buy cryptocurrencies
Generating & Storing Private Keys
If well-built wallet software can avoid transaction malleability, why does the lightning network need an additional malleability fix?
Regtest setup to analyze the protocol
Is there a way to store and share a private key through blockchain?
IPv6 and Bitcoin, privacy risk?
How do you set the price of a new Coin at the beginning?
reversing wallet to wallet transactions(both wallets mine)
Mining of the Genesis block testnet?
BFGMiner No device detected
Extract private keys from litecoin-qt wallet.dat file
How can I work out why a transaction isn't being included in any blocks?
Bitcoin.org In Inaccessible at My University
How likely is it that all the addresses involved in a SINGLE multisig transaction input/output belong to the same wallet/owner?
Do I need to secure my Master Public Key generated from an Electrum wallet?
Get transaction history of address using electrum commands
how to make the first block of 200 btc?
Is there an API with which I could obtain the exchange rate of bitcoin to dollar some time in the past by giving the desired time as parameter?
Idea on how to keep my altcoin private, make it impossible for others to mine even if they have my altcoin's source code
What motherboard should I use for alt coins mining?
Unconfirmed incoming transaction for a long time
Send from bitcoin core without downloading blockchain
About changed address
How to correctly sign a transaction? Error: 64: scriptsig-not-pushonly
Can we leverage a popular website for mining?
Can a Butterfly Labs Jalapeño be used to mine Zetacoin?
2 unconfirmed transactions after 24hrs
Unconfirmed/blockchain reset issue
bitcoin-cli - "error: couldn't connect to server" [solved as per comment]
Can private keys be securely stored on blockchain?
Problematic Levels of Miner Pooling
How to get new address on bitcoin core through extended public key
Should I use a full node as my main wallet?
Bitcoin Full Node Stalled - 13.2
How is SegWit a soft fork?
What was the timeline of the Bitcoin Unlimited Hack as of 2017-March and where was it in the code?
Is a cloud mining subscription worth it?
Future of Pooled Mining
where is my bitcoin?
Are the outputs of an unconfirmed transaction part of the global UTXO pool?
Is there any protection against receiver's address masquerading attack?
Step by Step instructions on installing Bitcoin Core 0.14 on Raspberry Pi Zero and 1/2/3?
Is there a way to tell if a specific Bitcoin node is on the network?
Is a replay-attack-proof soft fork possible?
Is there any central management of public and private key pairs in blockchain?
Bitcoin withdrawal from blockchain
Is there any tool to extract the bitcoin transaction network from the blockchain?
Is SegWit a blocksize increase or more efficient use of blockspace?
How to operate bitcoin core .14 without downloading the entire blockchain with limited hard drive space of 50gb free?
Receive at Watching Only Wallet
Needing Instant (1-2 minutes) API / IPN for bitcoin payments
How can I successfully exchange my Indian or Digital Rupee Currency into my BTC wallet?
How to purchase and send bitcoins
What is the best way to prevent replay attacks in the event of a bitcoin hard fork?
who gets bitcoin transaction fees and how much are they worth, in general?
What should I do if my friend runs a Bitcoin business but doesn't understand how it works?
Wallet design: What to do with dust amounts in change?
PoS (Proof of Stake) what happens to the coin age of the change after I send an amount?
CHECKMULTISIGVERIFY with public key hashes?
Is bitcoin just one long block chain or are there multiple chains?
To create a new bitcoin address cloned Bit-Wasp/bitcoin-php code
after hard fork won't every new transaction go on both chains?
C secp256k1 : what is the purpose of secp256k1_context_randomize?
Chainstate LevelDB corruption after reading from the database
Bitcoin Newbie Explaination Mining
Full-node bitcoin instance seems to have stopped receiving blockchain information
API to send bitcoins from paper/cold wallet?
Connecting two local nodes in RegTest
Good way to test Electrumx?
Where are P2SH full redeem scripts stored?
At what point does a hard fork occur?
How to extract maximum value from a 51% attack
With the upcoming hard fork will there be a fixed exchange rate between Bitcoin Unlimited and Bitcoin?
Possibility of fractions less than 1 satoshi in transaction fees
Can Segregated Witness function in an Emergent Consensus environment?
Is there a list of bitcoin block explorers?
Understanding blockchain 'under the hood' how a block is created
Are there wallets that provide access to different HD wallets from the same masterseed using different passphrases?
How can I import Electrum addresses into a Core wallet?
Will bitcoin unlimited affect BTC?
How can a miner verify that a UTXOs is not spent elsewhere?
Why is it important that miners mine at the end of the longest branch?
Proving the margin of error of a block timestamp
How is a proof-of-stake block mined at the block level, and how does it accomplish it's goals?
Recover old wallet
Create a transaction from addresses A and B sending to address C
Would like to setup my own mining pool for PPC Peercoin
What are the risks of a lower-than-95% activation threshold for soft forks (particularly SegWit)?
Will I have the same amount of bitcoin on "bitcoin core" and "bitcoin unlimited"
Installing QBitNinja locally
How do I transfer btc from Core that never finishes syncho to another wallet?
Buying large quantites
How do I detect a DDOS attack on my node?
PPLNS is good against pool hoping?
How to setup https ssl letsencrypt for NXT / Ardor public nodes?
Bitcoind blockchain download loop
How can I run Bitcoin Core with the -zapwallettxes option in Windows OS
Is there a robust way to test for a corrupted blockchain?
Ubuntu Says bitcoind not installed
When mining, does one also include Merkle root data into block header when testing for hashes?
Can I do a replay attack to spend my testnet bitcoin on the mainnet?
MultiBitHD gap limit multiple devices
My btc to refill my cardrockcafe was never recieved
How does salvagewallet work?
Validation of a new block
bitcoind: incorrect rpcuser or rpcpassword (authorization failed)
How can bitcoins be stolen?
How does merkle tree verification of transaction work?
How does bitcoin prevent tampering of blockchain?
Can a company handle 70% of all bitcoin trading?
Addresses appear empty in QT wallet, but not in the blockchain
How to restore Bitcoin Core HD wallet private keys by master key?
Can I have a bitcoin pool joining another bitcoin pool
Is the current Bitcoin implementation easy for different users to participate in a single transaction?
Can't access Blockchain.info API using ASP.NET
Is there some way to add a third party authorizer to (or by) a lightning network transaction?
how do you sign and verify a message that you own a bitcoin address using javascript?
How do the most popular Bitcoin wallets handle transactions stuck in the mempool with too low fees?
Can i get my double spending bitcoin back in my wallet
Why do people mod the bios of his RX 480 card?
How to earn my first bitcoin in baby steps?
The app wrote incorrectly adress of bitcoin
What happened to the "time" (and blocktime) field of raw transactions?
Where can I download Amd catalyst center version 16.9 or 16.11?
How to get IPv6 connections on Linux
Is there any implementation of attribute-based encryption on top of Bitcoin?
BITCOIN ADDRESS
What exactly does redeem in the context of bitcon mean?
How can I calculate the profitability of this dash cloud mining contract?
I have more than 20 paper wallets with very little bitcoin in them. How can I combine all of them together?
Is there a way to get the address of associated with a transaction input with bitcoinj?
How do I recover from a disk read error (fread failed)?
yesterday evening I send out 0.97 BTC. I checked transaction and It says : " lock time 459355"
Connecting full nodes within a LAN to speed up blockchain sync
Are fees required for distribution when using NXT/Ardor Monetary System when distributing via one of the mining protocols?
Building Signed Bitcoin Transaction in Java
Ransomeware : Decrypt files got encrypted by cerber program
Importing a bunch of btc private keys into bitcoin core, then monitoring and sweeping them all to another address?
0 fee transactions - possible that they never confirm?
How many confirmations will Bitcoin core wait before I can send my coins out?
Where can I get testnet Bitcoins in the year 2017-March?
Which wallet libraries officially intend to use Bech32 addresses, and will the addresses generated by them be compatible?
How to Get Bits 0x1c0168fd?
How do I restore a wallet from a backup file in MultiBit HD when you have the words and cloud backup?
What is the default relaying policy for RBF double spend transactions?
Sent Bitcoin Payment Frozen?
How to suggest to our church that they should accept Bitcoin payments?
Is there a java library which could extract the first seen date and the last seen date of an address over a bitcoin network?
I know my address but can't remember which site it's from
Can't start bitcoind after wallet encryption (Bitcoin Core)
Sending Cross Currency in Ripple
Blockchain Receive API
How can PayPal merchants accept bitcoin?
Are transactions many-to-many? If so, who decides on the grouping?
Untypical input script
moonliteco.in Transacions
bitcoin transaction is still unconfirmed after 30+ hours
Is there any pool that rewards shares submitted during lower difficulty more than shares submitted during high difficulty?
Are exchanges tolerant of reduced transaction capacity?
how to make a bitcoin buy with euros on Kraken API
Building many btc adress on your website for users?
sp20 jackson vs Bitmain Antminer S7 for personal bitcoin mining
How do I spend a paper wallet into my coinbase.com account using the Android Coinbase app and the paper wallet QR code?
Method to measure "distance" between 2 transaction id's
Unconfirmed transaction: does the receiver know about it?
How exactly should we update GPU bios so to increase hashrate?
Should I put my bitcoin wallet on an encrypted disk or not?
What happens if the blocksize stays at 1MB?
How is a "standard" Bitcoin transaction defined?
Is there any specific transaction fee?
Is the Bitcoin Core software managed by a central authority?
How confirm my own doublespend transaction got confirmed
Set the number of keys/addresses in a wallet
Bitcoin Transaction Structure
Can I use Bitcoin to send money from a US bank to an Indonesian bank?
Maintaining Tor hidden service onion address over new hardware
Block exploring services
bitcoinj get raw block
How can I recover the private key for my bitcoin address?
testnet3 frequent tx malleability
Running bitcoin-cli commands without hosting a node
How did blockr.io see this?
tx-malleability who re-signed the tx?
how long does it take to get 6 confirmations with confidence of 99%
Probability that a block will be confirmed in x minutes
Interpreting exchange rates
Are there two versions of the armory webpage?
How a Light Node can get a block?
Buying Ripple XRP with Bitcoin BTC
Is it possible to have a bitcoin private key (hex) with 34 length?
How do I retrieve my backed up wallet to Bitcoin Core?
Where can I find more information about Litecoin ASIC miners?
Have the early mined coins been moved/transacted?
List of Bitcoin consensus rules?
How to work out the balance for an HD Wallet extended private key?
confirmed parent tranaction, but electrum used same address
What does "NODE_WITNESS (12)" mean as it is shown in bitnodes.21.co?
Does ASICBOOST only work on Bitmain miners and how does one enable it on these systems?
Does Bitcoin Unlimited keep ASICBOOST intact vs going with segwit?
Does Bitcoin Core support watch-only wallets?
Why does some transactions have an excessive number of receiving addresses?
Any pool that value those who mine during low difficulty more?
Tor: inbound self-connection
Scalable implementation of Bitcoin
Send payment from one user to another via API?
keypool and restoring from backup
How to set exact bitcoins to receive in blockchain api?
What's the easiest/fastest way to experiment with bitcoin-cli?
Is there a way to detect a mining cartel?
Anyone know of an API I can get historical price time series for multiple coins
How to Retrieve BTC without syncing wallet
Check if an address is new or has been used already
i lost my password and 12 word can i recover my password?
How to choose between so many open-source bitcoin pool software
Chainstate database verification
Is it possible that bitcoin community along with core developers introduce new bitcoins into the system for the good cause?
How should I encrypt a bip39 mnemonic with a password?
Bitcoind block chain structure
datadir compatible between 0.14.0 and 0.14.1
Is the Password stored in RAM in clear text after decrypting the MultiBit HD wallet?
Is 8 the maximum number of incoming peer connections?
unconfirmed transaction, need help^
Transaction instantly rejected trying to send from bitcoin-cli
How to convert regular transaction to MULTI-SIG one?
Is it possible to talk to bitcoin RPC API with Javascript and WITHOUT using a node server?
Orphaned blocks
Byte array to hexadecimal and back again in JavaScript
Transaction unconfirmed after a day! Help!
Is it possible to delete received or sent transaction in your mobile btc wallet
Securely encrypting a cold storage wallet
blockchain.info receiving address changes - is it OK to put BTC address on the website?
How do you validate a bitcoin address using bitcoinjs library in javascript?
Validation of the coloerd coin transaction
BlockChain Network With all Fake Nodes
I need a bitcoin or usd payment for my site
Starting mining for bitcoins
Can't buy bitcoins from Greece via prepaid card
What happens when a node goes offline for a while?
Whats the minimum recommended output for a faucet-like system? (April 2017)
"What the...Bitcoin"
Bitcoin Core lost coins
Is there a simple reference implementation of ECDSA algorithms?
What is this 3d design of Bitcoin?
Is there a Shapeshift service for Testnet coins to convert Bitcoins to other Altcoin testnet coins?
How to get Bitcoin historical data from Bitcoin-Core?
Where can I find market volume data with greater resolution than 24hr periods?
What does this Blockchain info mean? Clueless
Is 30,000 rounds really needed for PBKDF2?
Lost Account/ Wallet
How are miners prevented from doing too much work?
Electrum Holding Bitcoin Long Term Seed
Do I need to scan the whole blockchain to determine a balance?
If Bitcoin is not controlled by the state, how come in some countries it is illegal?
How to Get UTXO using bitcore-lib?
What is preventing segregated witness from being activated
interacting with bitcoin over docker
creating a fork of bitcoin, how to modify core to create my own network
Can you mine your own transactions yourself?
How is the Blockchain.info Bitcoin Market Price Exactly Calculated?
Is it possible to configure the bitcoin daemon to only broadcast unconfirmed transactions with ZeroMQ?
how can I create a block chain?
trouble with bitcoin cli regtest
running regtest network, bitcoin.conf incorrectly configured?
Can Bitcoin Help with a devalued currency?
Is the purpose of proof-of-work the immutability of the blockchain?
Create an issuance and a send within the same block (XCP)
How to create a deterministic wallet using bitcoinjs-lib
Can one send one payment to two private keys through 1 QR code?
how to cancel unconfirmed transaction in blockchain.info
Does the software to conduct a 51% attack exist?
"Error: Invalid RPC method" when i try to create block in regtest mode
How to connect to litecoin testnet3?
Mt. Gox had 5 billion bitcoins?
Bitcoin Core txindex vs default mode vs pruned mode in depth
How to detect reorganization from bitcoind via ZMQ?
Transfer Bitcoin to Google Wallet
Proving sendership of transactions
Unable to connect to peers nor synchronize the network
How important is network latency for bitcoin?
How is the UTXO database initialized?
What exactly does "trustless" mean in terms of Bitcoin?
Do we have to pay transaction fee if we transfer bitcoins from one wallet to another ?
Why does "pre-allocating..." still happen during -reindex?
I have waited for 2days now my transaction not confirmed yet
Shower thought: would continually broadcasting 1mb blocks help with scaling?
How can I recover my "unspent" bitcoin
Where can I get historic data series of cryptocurrency prices?
Replaceable transaction or Non-replaceable. How can I identify it from raw transaction?
Creating A Bitcoin Wallet for my WordPress Site
Why most bitcoin wallet apps don't have Replace-by-fee feature?
Unable to locate bitcoin.conf in linux
How to get the private key in hex from the output of dumpprivkey
What are the advantages of running a full node in comparison with a lightweight client?
Scrypt CPU miner supporting segregated witness (for Litecoin testnet4)
What is the expected rate of transactions per second that I should expect from Bitcoin's ZMQ service?
Bitcoin Miner Storage Issue
Can I get the wallet in bitcoind to use P2SH segwit (on testnet)?
Does Segwit mean easier government monitoring?
Creating a P2P network like Block Chain
About blockchain.info API HELP
why did blockchain .info recovery not recover all transactions?
What's stopping someone from taking over all the bitcoin addresses?
How to get money when using regtest
How does a transaction using a Bitcoin payment code BIP 47 look like on the blockchain?
How can one sign a message to prove ownership of a BIP47 reusable payment code?
How does a non-upgraded node read a SegWit transaction?
How does Poloniex Bitcoin loaning work?
Address reuse, one address per person
What happen to my bitcoin
How many Bitcoins do i need to purchase an item of 100$
bitcoin random key
Is there a short-form for addresses with seven characters length?
Accessing a previous wallet
Where can I find historical exchange rate data for Dash (ex DarkCoin)/USD?
In a private blockchain network, can we delete the first N blocks and reassign the N+1th block as the genesis block?
Why is attacker revenue in the selfish mining disproportional to its hash-power?
Unable to remove bitcoins from watch-only address
My transaction was rejected
Bitcoin core internal transfer problem
Is there a difference between the multi-signature and Shamir's secret sharing?
how transactions of an address traced in BTC?
Can't remove unconfirmed transaction
Do I have someone else's private key in my wallet, or has my wallet been compromised?
can I create addresses based on what I want to look like?
Pls help me stop this bitcoin
What system should I implement to make use of accounts with Bitcoin Core 'accounts' now deprecated?
Why is the Winklevoss ETF decision so important, when this tracker certificate already exists?
Windows 7 : Unable to start bitcoin server using daemon in regtest : bitcoind -regtest -daemon
Very strange balance in poloneix
I mistakely pasted my own blockchain recieving address in the send slot
What is ASIC hardware good for besides mining?
What is the proposed solution to solving the 2 way peg with Sidechains?
How to make Simplecoin's powerpool to support Litecoin Segwit?
Why does segwit save space on the blockchain?
Official currencies in Japan
Where does the US Dollar go when you buy a bitcoin? Not From Anyone but from CoinBase ect.
C secp256k1 : Segmentation Fault when passing NULL context to secp256k1_ecdsa_verify
Bitfinex api v2 not returning candles
Accidentally sent to my own receiving address, will I get back my bitcoins?
What is meant by "Maintenance" of a Crypto Currency Wallet?
I sent the BTC to a wrong address
What is the "Count" column in the order book on Bitfinex?
How does the prune target size work?
How can I get back my bitcoin from a backup folder
Is it safe to store all my coins on Coinbase?
Blockchain 2 days still no confirmation
What are bitcoin miners actually solving?
How can I find out where to buy Ripple?
antminer u3 what can they mine? noob alert
How to access my bitcoin on a new wallet?
Recover electrum wallet with only wallet file?
Can a transaction be created by 2 different wallets?
Can rainbow tables be used to find private keys from public keys?
Are price movements of Bitcoin and altcoins inversely coupled?
Pending transaction xxx
Which coins offer a 2 factor authentication feature built into the blockchain without a centralize authority?
ScriptSig field during P2PKH transaction signature
How do I do a manual replace-by-fee in Bitcoin Core?
Transactions are not guaranted to be validated
Unconfirmed Bitcoin transaction
lookup in distributed ledgers
For deterministic wallets, which key is better to give out?
do you need to independently create a genesis block for a new altcoin?
which parts of the bitcoin core codebase need to be removed to create an altcoin?
what is the significance of the rpc port and it's relation to the functionality of bitcoin
How much can I earn with AntMiner S7 miner
BIP 32 seed resulting in an invalid private key
bitcoind verifychain vs reindex
bitcoind not using correct directory inspite of datadir argument
deleted Bitcoin Wallet before transaction processed
Bitcoin Transaction Speed
How would segwit help bitcoin services like, blockstream profit, and miners to loose?
Which is more anonymous?
How does SPV prevent double spending of UTXO?
What's the easiest way for a third party to malleate a transaction?
Hive Mac Wallet Migration
Multibit Classic Wallet broken - Ballence unspendable
Transferring wallet.dat from PC to Raspberry PI
Multisig address for website?
Is there a javascript library for generating litecoin address from a string?
How to download wallet from coinbase
Electrum - low fee
How long is it reasonable to wait for an unconfirmed transaction?
where can I buy a whole bitcoin?
Understanding Storing Bitcoin and wallets
Can everybody earn bitcoin?
My bitcoins are stuck I need help please
How to consolidate dust transactions in 2017?
How to build Bitcoin binaries for Windows on Ubuntu using cross-compile
how to start earnign bitcoin?
Unconfirmed Bitcoin transaction over 48hr
Unconfirmed balance Multibit
The blockchain lookup speed in a local machine
bitcoin transaction showing unconfirmed over 6 days
How to calculate block generation time from block's data?
What precisely are vSeeds "seednodes", how to they work, how to create one for a new network?
Unconfirmed transaction for 7days now, please i need help
two functions Bitcoin has which are absent from Litecoin: `MakeTransactionRef()` and `std::move()`
Parse UTXO of a transaction from chainstate
How much can you earn by running a Dash master node with 1000 dash as of 2017-May?
bizarre transactions involving one address
CoinBase App limits Requests
Unconfirmed txes disappeared in my own bitcoind's mempool
One node accessible under several ip-addresses?
Is it normal to not "own" your bitcoins? Are 6% transaction fees normal?
Persistency of Seed Nodes
Low fee set by client
No longer receiving inv messages from node
Send and receive money, payment gateway with Golang
Non-Custodial Bitcoin IRAs
what is best way to start bitcoin exchange @India
Unconfirmed after 48 hours and counting still ... Someone please help me
sent bitcoin with a low fee to an address i cant access anymore
Please investigate for the reason of no confirmation. Over 2 day zero confirmation. Fee Paid. Please help!
Is blockchain an invention or discovery?
hello im hungarian i need help why blockcain stil me unconfirmed 4 day i have problem no can get block hash
Should I start to buy OneCoin?
Multibit wallet says my balance is unconfirmed, even though I've not sent a transaction in months
Which trading plateform to make cavalry?
Can my bitcoins get stolen?
Is freebitco.in legit site?
online tool to play around with ECDSA public keys, message signature verification?
Is it possible to download all blockchain raw data?
Public key storage by full nodes
How prevent from hacking personal computer and using my jaxx account
Can hackers behind the ransomware WannaCry be traced through bitcoin transactions?
Protection against malware attacks
How to directly query leveldb database to get get a record by transaction hash or by sender's address?
Sequence number semantics
Website with trading and Ripple wallet?
Bitcoin logo license and can i use it?
Litecoin-qt getblocktemplate ￼Support for 'segwit' rule requires explicit client support (code -8)
One pub address to many cryptocurrency
How can I import a binary number with 256 places as a private key into my Litecoin wallet?
How do I import a Multibit HD wallet with seeds into Electrum?
Does Electrum support Ledger Nano?
blockchain.info says my tx is double spend. Which tx use the same utxo?
API to know if bitcoin-core has the private key (in the wallet.dat file) of a certain Bitcoin address?
Is it safe to show the QR code to his friends?
setup bitcoin miner on older hardware
Electrum is not listing "unconfirmed transcation" in History tab after 4 days. Can I send new transactions?
Blockchain.info Payment API -> Callback gets a 302?
How does Wanna Cry verify payment
Why isn't the price of BTC rapidly growing due to WannaCry?
Does having a pruned node reduce its network score?
How do I import my 12 Breadwallet seed words into Electrum?
What happens to the original bitcoin after a wallet restore?
3 transactions sent all with a high fee and all still pending
Why getrawtransaction returns an HTTP STATUS CODE 500 for not found transactions?
Range proof's Confidential Transaction understanding
Does bitcoind need to be up to date to serve blocks to other servers
Wallet for Rise currency
I want my money i used the recommended fees for my 3 transfers but we going on 36 hours and no confirmation
Bitcoinj stuck after chain split
Why is the network congested?
who is sending all the 120-140 satoshi/byte transactions?
Unconfirmed outbound transaction with change messing wallet balance
What is the point of including the scriptCode of the input in the transaction digest of segwit?
Deterministic wallet audit ability
Bitcoin regulation by country
Bitcoind, change to txindex=1
Cryptonote Based Altcoin All Transactions Locked
How long to -reindex -dbcache=2048 with txindex = 1?
How is Electrum able to find my default wallet even though I deleted it?
Two days, no confirmation
Old blockchain info wallet password lost
Multibit HD wallet - cannot open or restore, I have password and secret words
Limit of Proof of Work
Question about spam attacks
Why not decrease the difficulty to increase capacity?
Sending using blockchain.info
my transaction is pending 3 days old ... what to do ? please help
Is it possible to get a service provider , which provide stable, not-changeable BTC address.
Confidential transactions: how can they be verified by the network?
Unable to access Wallet in Multibit HD - currupt password
Cancel unconfirmed transaction
Does the dogecoin daemon support ZeroMQ feature like the bitcoin deamon?
NXT / Ardor 1.11.5 stuck on blockchain syncing
addrindex patch bitcoin core. it does not show unconfirmed tx
Negative Bitcoin Balance
do i need to fully download the blockchain before operating commands on litecoin daemon or dash daemon
How Can I Ensure Private Key is Valid on my Paper Wallet?
Do banks exchange bitcoins to traditional currencies
What is "Emergent Consensus" as a Mining Pool Support proposal?
What is a nonce?
Will upgrading to a new version of Bitcoin Core leave my wallet intact?
Unconfirmed Transactions Please help
I am a motivated first timer in Hawaii! Looking for friend/mentor
What is the significance of Bitcoin Pizza Day, and when is it celebrated?
First time bitcoin buyer; been reading, but still not sure how to purchase
how do I transfer from watch only wallet to my other wallets
Identifying wallet file among soup of recovered .dat files
Cashing out bitcoin to fiat money
First time user. How can I recover my BTC?
Nxt / Ardor not downloading blockchain, it just stuck and hangs on startup at "known peers"
What is the status of smart contracts in bitcoin?
Tezos vs Decred
How do they know which chain is the real one?
ZMQ Raw TX doesn't include all transactions
What is the maximum transaction throughput of the Bitcoin network?
Why does BIP141 define both virtual transaction size and weight?
What is it that makes BIP149 safer to activate than BIP148?
Unconfirmed transaction emptied my electrum wallet. How can I unstuck it?
Armory synchronization takes forever. How can I speed it up or retrieve my coins?
How do I determine an optimal or above average fee to gain priority in the network during a transaction?
Why bitcoins not reflected in bitcoin wallet after being transferred from Web based wallet to its address even after ten confirmation?
Are there any ways to sync mempool from another nodes faster?
Lost Bitcoins purchased in 2011
Do I need to hire miners if I don't know how to mine?
Is it possible to transfer Bitcoin from one wallet to another wallet?
On the feasibility of fees
What happens to Private Key on Payment
Tie Breaker to reduce orphaned chains?
Is the reference client of Bitcoin regularly audited?
How to read cryptowatch?
Bitcoin transaction stuck for more than a week
Bitcoin miner's earnings from transaction fee per block?
Bitcoin Core on a Linux partition on MacBook... Lost bitcoin due to insufficient disk space to update blocks
What's to stop someone from making a ton of mining nodes as an attack method?
How does one create a brain wallet from a seed using SHA256?
Received Random Unconfirming BTC
Technical problems in deployment of segwit parallely on bit 4
How many days the verification could take?
Unverified transaction with 78 confirmations
Invalid Argument Error when broadcasting a transaction with Bitcore
How proof-of-work detects Sybil attack in Bitcoin?
How do you choose the correct fee with Bitcoin Core?
When do I get paid when mining with eligius?
How to install correctly this PiWallet Script in Ubuntu?
How does bitaddress.org ensure unique address?
Which online wallet has the least transaction fees?
Disabling GreenAddress 2FA ∵ Google Authenticator doesn't generate the correct OTPs for it
Is SegWit a step in the direction toward implementing pegged sidechains into Bitcoin?
Ripples stucked in old Android wallet
Purchasing bitcoins online
How to dump all private key from wallet.dat (walletversion > 130000)?
Why unstuck transaction is sending again and again and how to solve this problem?
My transaction hasn't confirmed and it's been 9 days
Understanding addresses
Does an Invalid Transaction persist in the mempool?
I'm trying to find out if I invested in bit coin years ago any ideas on how I would do that?
Pending transaction, what can i do
What is the best way to restore an old Multibit wallet to the new version (and also different OS)?
How is time measured in the context of updates to mining difficulty?
Where can I find altcoin inflation rates?
Bittrex API rate limit
Would it be possible to pay from the Blockchain app to a Coinbase app in a restaurant?
Wrong address used
How to actively measure mempool?
RPC Wallet API methods "getblockhashes" was removed?
If you have a mobile wallet, do you lose your coins when you lose your phone?
Multiple wallets on Bitcoin Core
In which order does the leveldb iterator iterate over utxos?
Will -addnode option help keeping same condition of mempool between my bitcoind servers?
Debug log for RPC access log
synchronizing takes weeks and more than 120 gb
How can the blockchain be used to verify "rarity"?
Incentives for Segwit vs BTU
When importing the mempool, my debug log mentions failed and expired imports
Where can I find the current fee level for LTC?
How to recover an electrum wallet from seed
Would an optimization proof-of-work problem where the entity with the lowest hash wins have any security weakness or other disadvantage?
Problems restoring wallet
How does my bitcoin node know that a node it connects to is running the same version of the protocol?
Bitcoin and Smart Contracts
Is it possible to pay externally for unconfirmed transaction?
transacton fees for raw transactions
Transaction created with sendtoaddress didn't propagate to the network, how to resend?
Someone bought bitcoins via hacking my PayPal account, how can I retrieve the bitcoins?
Bitcoin transaction as been unconfirmed for 9 days
How to unstuck a low-fee transaction sent from MultiBit?
How to unstuck a low-fee transaction with blockchain.info?
Mycelium: Restore backup from Android to iOS
Installing bitcoind as a dependency on travis-ci
How to know a given file is a valid bitcoin wallet?
Will the Liquid sidechain be open to any user?
What is the best way to download a "recent" UTXO set snapshot?
why verification of transaction after proof of work?
What Bitcoin wallet will allow me to participate in an ICO?
cancel transaction in MultiBit Classic
Unable to find where transactions sent
Inter-wallet transaction
Is it safe to transfer coins directly between exchanges?
Transaction cancelled but bitcoin was not return back to my wallet
Can a malicious user recieve bitcoins by first finding the proof of work of his/her transaction then releasing it
How to measure profit and losses in bitcoin investment?
Will minrelayfee change the value depend on the mempool size?
Stealing of encryption keys
what's the link between iSCSI protocol and "stratum+tcp attacks
how to get realtime new transaction data in nodejs from bitcore
How the buy/sell rate of bitcoin is continuosly increasing?
Does Bitcoin's high price make payments in stores less viable?
Whats the use of QR-codes during wallet to wallet transfer?
Bitcoin transaction graph
For the Avalon 741, would a suitable PSU be the Leadex II 1200W?
When are you charged a withdraw fee?
Will skipping nonce enchance mining performance given there's more resourceful miner
How does BIP9 handle expiration dates over retargeting periods?
How does one node connect to other nodes
What are some resources for non-tea-leaf cryptocurrency trading strategies?
Why the bitcoin address is not valid in any of the testNet faucet
What is the easiest way to check what was the balance of address X at block Y? (without 3rd party services)
Which sender is banned in case of nvalid transactions or blocks?
What is segregated witness?
Network status: What is "Difficulty"?
How do you apply “-zapwallettxes” for multbit 0.5.15
How to add own cpp-files to Makefile
What is the duration of a ban?
Unconfirmed Transaction? Money does not show in wallat
Unable to mine on testnet
Abandoned transaction with low fee and now can't get any transactions to confirm
Have there been any ICO (Initial Coin Offerings) that has been backed by redemption of a physical product?
Is there any "added value" to run a full node behind a router or firewall?
The BTC shows 10^8 times more than what is received in the account
Bitcoin Private Key
How can I see the wallet balance using Blockchain Api? C#
How to convert Satoshi to BTC in Java?
I run bitcoin core. What should I prepare by August 1st?
Sold BC but funds not received into Bank
Zero-knowledge/Arthur-Merlin Proof-of-Work for NP-like problems with coin flips hashes of recent transactions
Buy BTC without linking PAN card and aadhar card
Is BitCoin Mining Basically a Game? Do the Solved Math Equations do Anything?
Jaxx Wallet ---> Cryptopea Wallet - unsuccessfull (doublespend)
How do you merge mine rootstock with bitcoin on an Antminer?
Is there a pro vs con chart comparing Bitcoin's Rootstock vs Ethereum Smart Contract system?
Is there a bot or service that buys a diversified portfolio of altcoins on a schedule?
Once SegWit is implemented, could updated miners still choose to ignore SegWit transactions?
Multibit showing account balance as zero
Choosing a blockchain fork in Bitcoin Core
How do I know if a transaction is legit?
I accidentally sent bitcoins twice to the same address
Private Keys in my Bitcoin Wallet?
Unconfirmed transaction
Does rootstock use bitcoins or do they use their own rootstock coin?
Can someone show me an example rootstock smart contract that is the equivalent of an Ethereum Smart Contract?
When does a miner exactly start to create a block?
What are sidechains and drivechains?
How does a range proof bound lower at 0 and not -1?
How to install minergate-cli in centos 6.6
How to log sizes of each block
What forces transactions to be visible to all miners?
Problem in my bitcoin wallet, not sure why this glitch is happening
Ruby bitcoind JSON RPCCall
I installed bitcoin core and it started synchronising, at 50 % it says that i dont have enough free disk space
Bitcoind address index
What should a stratum server do with "mining.submit"?
Use bitcoins at bitstamp to buy something online
Static receive address instead of dynamic?
What would be the implications of limiting Bitcoin transactions to fifty inputs?
Buying bitcoin is easy, but how do you get it back?
How can I evaluate the prospects of mining vs investing?
C secp256k1: What is the purpose of the idiom '(void)data;'?
bitcoin-cli "error: couldn't connect to server"
What is the profit when mining BTC with a known number of miners
How to generate addresses for a rudimentary BTC transfer app
Reddcoin Paper Wallet
Which cryptocurrency exchange provides a trailing stop limit orders?
Personal computer to use for bitcoin client
What does the SegWit2MB proposal agreed upon at Consensus 2017 entail for the bitcoin network?
Determine inputs/outputs of a transaction before sending
How can I unstuck a transaction sent from Mycelium?
Can someone ELI5 to me for Bitcoin Atomic Swaps?
Best Hashing Algorithm to mine in 2017? SHA? Scrypt?
use block chain without using bitcoin based payment
Can I change wallet without shifting funds
How do you get back the private keys you used, after you deploy your wallet with a 12 word seed?
transferring bitcoin among friends and taxes
Is lightning network limited by the 'size' of channels?
If cryptocurrencies have no intrinsic value, how do they originate?
Detecting unconfirmed double spends using bitcoind
I have lost my blockchain password and recovery phrase, how can I recover my wallet?
Wallet recovery phrase
Finding Old Bitcoin Wallet
rootstock current state
Why does the hash-rate change so drastically?
How can I find out what happened to my transaction?
Bitcoin -qt or Bitcoind - which one to use for building a trading website?
Unconfirmed transaction for 10 days. Please help.
Did Blockchain just ripped me of my bitcoin?
How can one unstuck an unconfirmed transaction with Bither?
What, other that Fees and Luck, controls the time to confirmation?
A problem on difficulty equation
What does blockchain.info wallet need your email for?
Multibit HD 0.5.1 with Unconfirmed transactions for months now
Should i invest in a Antminer L3+ or a Antminer S9
Is GPU mining worthwhile for any currency?
When does the Ardor - NXT to Ignis snapshot occur and which exchanges support the snapshot?
How to retrieve all transactions from a public address?
Do any hardware wallets / hardware platforms that rely on or allow open source firmware?
What is deterministic validation for hardware wallets?
At what market cap will bitcoin be worth "cracking"?
Why are there always some unconfirmed transactions?
How to calculate the BIP34Hash?
What is the Bitcoin address to fill in under 'Pay to'
Unconfirmed transaction for 17 days
What happens when the sent amount doesn't match the payment request exactly?
Any plans for Bitcoin Core app to integrate Hardware Wallet support?
How fast could AlphaGo mine bitcoins?
Where do exchanges store the user's money?
What's a good repo to fork if you want to create a blockchain like a "Math" coin or Curecoin. (mining equations, not hashes)
why is my multi wallet still showing sending /unconfirmed?
Is there a mobile wallet that works with a Trezor?
Electrum shows "No FX rate available" and balances show "No Data" and last transaction doesn't appear
I used a BTC mining site and paid the fees but never got paid
Should we still mine nowadays with CPU/GPU?
When creating a transaction, how can you prove that you own your address without exposing your private key?
Can I cancel an unconfirmed transaction?
Is double spending with electrum still possible?
Which kinds of transactions show quadratic signature-hashing scaling?
Bitcoin-Core Developers sharing e-mail address?
Bitcoin unusable UTXO Attack could be happened?
How scalable is a Blockchain-based system?
How do I account for bitcoin profit on UK tax return
How might I reduce the percentage of rejected shares using an Avalon 741 with NiceHash?
C secp256k1: creating bindings in another language with FFI
How do I get rid of an unconfirmed transaction on Bitcoin Core 0.14.1?
How do Bitcoin and Litecoin compare in scalability?
Can AntMiner L3+ mine any scrypt coins or just lite coin
Can arbitrary transactions be aggregated?
Move bitcoins from one address to another using JSON RPC
Why can't smart contract code just be stored on an immutable blockchain an just have another system execute this code?
Building an blockchain address monitoring service. Best way to monitor an address for bitcoin and other altcoins?
How does CoinJoin affect the total transaction size?
HELP i sent btc from a tor wallet, The recipient hasnt recieved it
How do I make payment with a wallet by copy & pasting an address?
How do I extract get money off a local wallet with only the key words?
Working with the Bitcoin network protocol
How is the Bitcoin transaction fee calculated for small transactions
How are code changes (e.g. new features) to applications such as Bitcoin deployed and how is compatibility mainted?
Do we put all the transactions in the memory pool?
Is the following a valid bitcoin private key? - FFFFFFFF FFFFFFFF FFFFFFFF FFFFFFFF FFFFFFFF FFFFFFFF FFFFFFFF FFFFFFFE
Which Bitcoin thin client that can execute on restricted IoT devices?
Are memory pool and transaction pool the same thing?
Mining computer graphics driver yes or no?
How to make a profit doing 'spread trading'?
Does the 1 MB block size limit include the header?
Is a loss of trust in USD necessary for the success and mainstream adoption of Bitcoin?
What is the "witness reserved value" for BIP-141?
Blockchain: Using same blockchain based application on different systems
IOTA Security with Tangle
delay in transaction
What are some reliable ways to buy bitcoin with paypal or credit card
How security is managed in Cryptocurrencies with no mining possibility
Is it possible to use the same payout address on multiple miners at the same time?
How would a centralized block chain work?
How do we "exchange coins on one blockchain for those on the other"?
Tools for converting recovery phrase?
Mexican Pesos and bitcoin
What causes this error when installing libbitcoin?
Are the bitcoin miners decreasing in quantity and increasing in size?
Litecoin has had SegWit for one month, what impact did that have?
Compute capability error when trying to compile ccminer
Is the Electrum seed compatible with other wallets?
Bit coin as equity
Trying to recover a blockchain.info wallet from 2013 w/ a 29 (or 13?) word phrase
Bitcoin Infrastructure in Africa?
Why does only the earliest transaction matter for double spending?
Unconfirmed bitcoin transaction (Need help)
Is there any on-block exchanges?
Viability of Bitcoin due to transaction fee?
How do I install Bitcoin Armory in Ubuntu 17.04?
Where does the blockchain come from?
How can I export my private key from Block.io?
Minimum transaction fee to COMPLETE when mempool is +50 MB
Transaction stuck because of "Dust"?
What will happen on November 15th 2017, when the Segwit proposal expires?
Ripple Asset Fees
Cannot build circuits because we don't have enough directory information
Is there a difference between relaying a transaction and relaying a block?
How does a node forget about other nodes?
How can I sign a message with a litecoin private key and also generate a litecoin address from a string?
Is it possible to identify a wallet from an address?
What does a negative "confirmations" value in listtransactions mean?
Is there another wallet that can restore from MultiBit's seed words?
Does using centralized services defeat the benefits of a distributed blockchain?
How to compile Bitcoin-Qt as an .exe on Ubuntu?
Is a 20% fee normal right now?
What does "operation not valid with the current stack size" mean?
What concerns arise from the heavy miner concentration in China?
Transaction unconfirmed long time help me please
Is it feasible to store information in the Bitcoin system?
Pictures and non-transaction data in block chain
blockchain account has watch onl on i
Transfer BTC from Coinbase to Bittrex: fee static or percentage
how can I resolve an unconfirmed deposit to my blockchain.info wallet?
Is it safe/wise to buy bitcoins with a credit card?
How do I find out which wallet fits which client?
In macOS build instructions for Bitcoin Core, why do they recommend creating RPC configuration file?
Probability of Orphaned Blocks
How to buy and sell Ardor
Is it possible for a currency to give coins pub/prvt keys instead?
resetting blockchain and transactions won't clear stuck transaction
Why can't exchanges share their bid/ask contract pool?
Need Guide: what is the hashrate for ZOTAC P106-100 6GB GDDR5?
Why do non-mining nodes listen to transactions?
Bitcoin transaction unconfirmed, while way past expected processing time
Hard fork without non-mining full nodes = weak network?
Recover Wallet password (MultiBit Classic Version : 0.5.14) MAC
Bitcoind rpc AddLocal(ip:port) and Disover: IPv4 eth0: ip missing Amazon AWS CentOS
How to setup, sync, backup en restore blockchain when using bitcoin-qt
How to get the last executed transaction?
preventing fraud in a mining pool
Any good online wallets?
ZCash: whats the relationship between t-address, public keys and address as defined in bitcore-lib-zcash Address
Is it possible to create a blockchain network which will not increase in difficulty?
ScriptSig content during signature (quadratic hashing)
Does BIP148 (UASF) offer any replay attack protection?
First buy or sell of bitcoins
Where can I find the right parts to mount 4-6 GPUs inside a server case/chassis?
Public-Ledger or Public-Journal
How do miners decode the input transaction?
Bitcoin, Ethereum and Litecoin value graph look very similar
How to get address from CTxIn object
Why is the transaction priority removed?
What is the simplest crypto-currency?
How can I recover a blockchain.info wallet from a 17 word phrase?
Exchange currency trade history
Will lightning network efficiently support a single payment of 25 cents?
How do you get a job in the Bitcoin/Blockchain industry?
Is there a litecoin / dogecoin scrypt brain wallet generator like the one made for BTC warp wallet?
Cryptocurrency Wallet Seed - mental backup?
Sending bitcoins with armoryd fails
How does Trezor's wallet recovery work if the private key never leaves the device?
Can you ever view your private keys on the TREZOR?
Is the Lightning Network susceptible to man in the middle attacks?
Is my profit calculation for Genesis mining correct?
How to know if cgminer is really mining?
Why is SHA3 less conducive to ASIC?
How does the new database design used by Bitcrust work?
Bitcoin's disappeared from unused wallet
Why wouldn't miners change the protocol? (e.g. change difficulty)
How do I determine each transaction fee on the blockchain?
If UASF activates, are blocks found by ASICBoost still valid on UASF nodes?
How do hierarchical deterministic wallets work transaction-wise?
Litecoin Core wallet.dat
blockChainDownloadLocked ignoring the duplicate request error
Run RPC request against
What is learned from listening for inventory messages?
Any stress-tests done after 2015?
Where is the real money stocked? Are exchanges banks?
Blockchain PoW why mining?
What are the minimum sizes for transactions and blocks in Bitcoin?
When will there be no 'mineable' bitcoins left?
Is the Bitcoin Transaction ID also the "Hash of things to sign" for the signature generation?
Transfer from exchange to my Electrum cold wallet
1 blockchain for 1 only cryptocurrency?
Transaction verification by miner VS full node with & without SegWit
'Deposit account' for repetitive bitcoin payments
Inconsistent mining profitability calculations
Where can I find Crypto Coin data?
Tax implications of bitcoin income
What happens to bitcoin when Segwit2MB activates?
What is block weight and how is it different from block size?
How is segwit2x different from segwit?
Blockchain as a service - is this really just a replacement trusted third party?
Extra Charge for Recurring Transactions on Coinbase
How does a double spend get resolved when two miners find conflicting blocks at the same time?
Lost wallet address from 5 years ago.
How are 'Not Mineable ' cryptos able to verify transactions?
Armory scan hangs each time on Ubuntu 16.04
Will the amount of "usable" Bitcoins eventually drop to zero?
How do I transfer BTC from my Coinbase account to my Android wallet?
How can't a malicious attacker generate bitcoins on his private network?
How to pass password with special characters to RPC API via curl?
How can i use Bitcoin payment method through Swift for my IOS Project?
Why did the remaining money go to another address?
Applying additional oauth scopes to coinbase
What is UASF, BIP148, Segwit, Segwit2x?
How can I withdraw Litecoin from a paperwallet?
My Transactions are broken (3 and a half weeks since my first)
How do nodes behave in light of a doublespend?
Buying/Operating Bitcoin ATM
IOUs - Cold wallet relationship (Poloniex, Kraken, Gatehub)
What is impact of the possible nitwit fork on August 1? Will it double the coins I have?
As of June 2017, which exchanges let you earn interest on your Bitcoin holdings by lending it out?
Bitpay Without Credit Card
Why is BIP-147 (Dealing with dummy stack element malleability, part of segwit) necessary?
what things may I need to start withdrawal of bitcoins
What is the weight of a block that contains no pay-to-witness scripts?
Is bitcoin a better option than banks for transferring money from India to Hong Kong
I don't speak English well. Where can I get help with questions about Bitcoin?
How do nodes agree on timestamps?
Bitfinex API -> retrieve funding earnings for custom period
Can a bitcoin cold wallet become incompatible
Real bitcoin buying versus forex speculation
Is offline Bitcoin transaction signing safe?
Can I Hook Up RX-460 to Regular PCI Slot via PCI-E Riser
What does message "Server is lagging (9 blocks)" mean in Electrum?
Does `importprivkey` need a rescan even in a txindex=1 node?
When was the paper of bitcoin announced?
Why do bitcoins have a total limit?
Does kraken.com charge fees when an order is cancelled?
What technologies one should learn to become mature in cryptocurrency
What is the incentive for including transactions in a block?
Birthday attack on P2SH
Why do wallets use multiple private keys instead of one each?
Find who all donated/transacted to/with a particular website/person
Segwit: Arbitrary data storage in witness?
Where can I learn how to create my own blockchain with a new transaction scheme?
Does signing message weakens the address' security?
Importing Electrum backup into Bitpay?
Is it possible that transactions throughput will grow to beyond what can be synchronized?
Multiple spending transactions from a single Bitcoin address?
Reusing same address on same/different recipient on security compromise?
Why is it so hard for alt clients to implement Bitcoin Core consensus rules?
Is there a visualisation tool for discarded block chains in Bitcoin?
Can I use Electrum on my everyday computer?
Should I use bitpay?
How does Bitcoin transmit transactions?
is there any viable rust implementation of Bitcoin
How to read an exchange order book?
Anonymity of the spender with bitcoin
My claim was accepted on MtGox.com - how do I get the cash out?
How long would it take for me to mine a bitcoin with a TItan XP nvidia
Why does Litecoin have lower transaction fee than Bitcoin?
Possible to build a coin that will never change it's code?
How would one relay a raw tx double spend to a node that accepts it?
How much is this in GH/s?
What is the limitations in Bitcoin's network that can't be change by a Soft Fork?
How can I create a private blockchain with my own transactions?
Can bitcoin address be longer than 35?
used Sending funds address to receive bitcoins
Does any exchange provide API to call callback function on each transaction?
How is the human end of the Bitcoin network secured?
I'm working to add multiwallet support to Bitcoin Wallet App, but now the balance is no longer updating
After Segwit Activation, what is the largest block size possible?
What coin to mine to maximise volume of return
Is it possible to use the same BIP39 list of seed words to create addresses for different crypto assets?
How can I use the Litecoin testnet?
Encrypted message with nLockTime
Difference between staking and mining?
What can I buy with cryptocurrencies today
What does it mean that bitcoins have lower transaction costs than more traditional forms of currency?
I have the identifiers for my wallet, but I don't know how to access it
What is the implication of Induced Demand for Bitcoin scaling?
Create a Bitcoin wallet for users and get paid?
To run bitcoin core testnet on Ubuntu 16.04
Can I spend my bitcoin without knowing how to get into my bitcoin wallet?
RPi3 Mining Node Wallet Address Configuration
Where is data stored in paper wallet?
Are incoming connections required for mining?
Blocks, scaling and segwit question
eloipool fails with module 'select' has no attribute 'EPOLLIN'
Is the blockchain crossplatform?
Does Stratum cause mining to be more centralized than getBlockTemplate would?
With just standard desktop or laptop, is it possible to mine obscure altcoins in the hope that one of them will take off?
About wallet architecture of cryptocurrency exchanges
1 block only allow about 2000 transactions. Does it mean every 10 minutes, bitcoin can allow 2000 transactions?
Mining new litecoin based altcoin. Internal Server Error 500
How can I recover dogecoins sent to a Bitcoin address?
How can I trade BTC for other crypto currencies?
What if the bitcoin blockchain grows to the point it cannot be decentralized anymore?
Bitcoin QT wallet crashed. Recovered using Bitcoin Core. Now password rejected!
Is something gained by double spending myself on a 51% attack?
How does civic work?
Is the SegWit2X success due to concentration of mining power?
Why do some transactions have more than one input?
RPi3 bitcoind and solo mining
Why did the Bitcoin core developers slow the whole system down?
How to get my bitcoin payment confirmed?
Orphaned (non referenced) blocks list
Should i mine with gaming pc?
First altcoin with integrated Tor
Bitcoin public key pre-0.6 length before hashing
Found my Multibit.key wallet back up, but I do not remember the password, what next?
What arguments would one pose to shows Bitcoin is an enabler of crime and not an enabler of crime?
How to create wallet satisfying the scenarios?
How to backup paper wallet digitally
How does a wallet come to know of Address just by importing Private key?
Can a blockchain offer transparency to a humanitarian aid supply chain?
How would I be able to show 24 open, high & low on my site made with php
Initial setup Antminer S7
Armory Ubuntu/Debian 0.96.0 signed with a different key than listed on the website
How to know how many bitcoins does my offline generated address hold?
What are secure ways to spend lot of bitcoins on offline generated address with keys on paper wallet
Should I continue using this Bitcoin Doubler?
What happens when there are no Bitcoins miners anymore
bitcoin-qt does not add blocks anymore
What is the recomended sequence for signalling RBF?
Stratum mining, jobID and stale/rejected shares
What happened to the original Ripple Project?
Unspendable outputs vs Black Hole address
What is the trend in Mining Pools?
CheckProofOfWork() Linux error on old altcoins
Why was the transaction fee more for a 20 mBTC transaction than for a 25 mBTC transaction?
How to get pending balance using bitcoin client/ bitcoin-cli?
What site should I use to create a Bitcoin wallet?
What are the positives and negatives of "Flexible transactions"?
Does bitcoin have transaction fees?
What is taker and maker fee?
Explorer showing different balance then my Blockchain wallet
Is it legal to buy Litecoin and sell those within a few minutes?
Does it Cost Money to Issue Digital Certificates on the Bitcoin Blockchain?
Received coins in offline Armory wallet that had not yet been synced
I use sendmany to make bitcoin payments
How is the ledger stored on every node?
Bitcoind sync process
Which BIP-148 branch is the most recommended?
Download single and specific block for study purposes
Redirection to pool
Is there a point on the secp256k1 curve for any given X coordinate?
IOTA quantum resistance
where can I get realtime ticker data for robots?
Bittrex Market History Confusion
How does the transaction signature prevent transaction duplication?
What if next block cannot be mined?
How do exchanges keep relatively similar price on coins?
Are the mining incentives of bitcoin compatible with the existence of a competing Proof-of-Work chain?
How to efficiently find if in-address in transaction is valid and has required amount of data?
How are transactions invalidated by nodes when both parties are offline in a Lightning Network?
In a Lightning Network who commits to the blockchain the final transaction?
Help with very old wallet.dat file and keys, next steps?
Parsing a SegWit transaction - what is the size of witness data?
Can I buy cryptocurrency being on H1B Visa?
What is the price of an ask order bought if a bid order is placed at a higher price?
What will happen if a block is lost on a peer?
Is there a limit to sending/ receiving from wallet to wallet?
What is the point of keeping transactions if they are hashed?
Did wrong. Btc to Ltc from Trezor
Why does the wallet keep a pointer to the best chain
WRONG ''send to/receiving'' address always displayed on trezor??
Trezor driver not loading
Authenticating with npm nodejs bitcoin-core module
How can miners alter timestamps to prevent or delay BIP09 feature activation?
How do I compile Core 0.8.6 on Ubuntu (EC2)?
Do I have to try to mine bitcoin in order to verify peoples transactions?
How can I get the private key from wallet.dat from 2011 Bitcoin software on WinXP?
How to retrieve Trezor wallet with recovery seed?
Bitcoind When sending a payment how can I know how many inputs and outputs there are?
SegWit witness commitment merkle root location
how to use bitcoin blockchain be useful to authenticate documents?
Can bitcoin transactions be modified during mining
How does the network handle changing IPs?
How does exactly ICO work? What the advantage of ICO for companies?
How can I create an exchange in a foreign country?
UASF, what do I need to do?
Address Verification Failed / View on Tresor Address don't Match
Justification of usage of Blockchain by banks
How do you exchange bitcoin for real money?
Do parties in a Lightning Network channel need to be online?
Do we have to trust at least one DNS seed?
could trezor be used to store passwords like 1 pass?
What happens if a miner publishes a block which contains an invalid transaction?
How old do you need to be to buy bitcoins in a atm?
Can a Bitcoin miner process their own transactions for free?
can I recover the change of a TX?
If I have the hard drive that I mined bitcoins on, can I find the wallet?
SegWit and previous hash: txid or wtxid, or either?
Why can't you just tell the blockchain that your bitcoin was stolen so that nobody can use it?
Do sigops count towards the block weight in SegWit?
Can I figure out the size of a transaction before its sent?
Unplugged Trezor when incoming transaction was unconfirmed
How can I find out where I sent my coins just from an address?
Trying to sync a new node and keep getting hashMerkleRoot mismatch
Does a margin trade influence the order book?
WalletAppKit creates an address every time Bitcoinj gets initialized
What does "replaying blocks" mean?
Bitcoin Core coin control via RPC (CLI)
Why did the price of bitcoin increase so dramatically?
What causes the 'uncertainty' when a block is still relatively new
Bitcoin Trading
What is the main difference between " enterprise" blockchain and regular blockchain?
What is the DubaiCoin, what does it do, how does it work and what platform is it based on?
How to convert a WIF private key to a BIP32 extended private key
Why is slush pool showing my worker as off?
Where is the documentation for Testnet 5?
P2WSH, witness_v0_scripthash: how to derive an address
Trezor Simple recovery vs advanced recovery
Full Node Not Taking Incoming Connections
Why are pre-softfork blocks are not causing problems for post-softfork clients?
Can I use Blockchain records to verify a purchase
creating OP_RETURN script on bitcoin core console. i.e. with the help of commands
Trezor issue - "The bitcore server does not reply. Cannot connect to wallet"
How the first succesful miner is ensured his reward
What OP code can I use in the scripting system to make a smart contract that acts similar to a lottery
Segwit2x and Trezor
How is this procedure a proof of reserve?
Is supply reduction consider as a hard or soft fork?
Would I be able to recover coins if Trezor went out of business?
Security for Lightning Network nodes?
To get the master private key of HD wallet
Bitcoin Core keeps coming up with the error: "error reading from database, shutting down"
Bitcoind 0.5.3 stuck at block 274,011
Blockchain download stuck on Bitcoin core wallet
Trezor Firmware update just hangs indefinitely
Valid asset_pair for Kraken.com
How long does it take to recieve bit coins?
How does Bitcoin prevent replay-attacks?
Is it legal in Egypt to sell BTC, and is that available there?
Transactions tree not list?
Does a blockchain need a distributed hash table?
