Mirror shape key with own symmetry axis
Can't scale two edge loops around the X axis
bmesh/python - list directly or indirectly connected verts
How to put a Linear Workflow in practice with Cycles
Module Import Error in the Standalone Player
Why is my camera stuck In the torso of my character?
Is there a way to convert 2.7x files to 2.4x?
Weight paint in cycles nodes?
Blender Python - exporting bone matrices for animation relative to parent
Turn weight paint(vertex groups) into vertex paint?
How can I connect two objects for cloth simulation?
Where is the color setting for disabled menu items?
How can I even out a set of uneven vertices to form a vertical surface?
How do I make my textures show up in render?
Textures bake transparency as white
Where are the theme options for the spacebar search menu?
The walking problems of my character -game engine-
Have location of grouped objects relative to parent object
What's the best way to extrude and expand complex objects?
How can I turn a geometric shape into a hollow room with evenly thick walls?
Delete animation of object
Mesh becomes see-through in edit mode
Is there a way to capture the viewport in Blender the same way as it is on 3DS Max?
Setup a decal material in cycles
Parenting an object to a bone displaces it
Boolean difference deleting mesh
How to include objects into the simulation of the wave modifier or replicate the wave modifier
Why does glass material not show in Blenders game engine when it is running?
Prepare a set of parameters for reuse in multiple panels
IBL with cycles: can I use a different background image from the one that affects the model?
Blender - Set blending mode(Porter-Duff) for a material
Mark seam to not be cut by Smart UV
How to smooth second derivative of selected mesh?
Combining Fluid Simulation and Rigid Body Physics: How to melt a falling object?
Can I avoid an undo when operator is called due to a property change?
Relationship between global vertex coordinates and mesh object's matrix attributes
Rigging - Is it normal for limbs to rotate when you set their pole targets?
How to configure blender so that it uses only 50% of total CPU when rendering?
Hidden layers appear when I hit undo
game-engine : error totblock : 1. Memory Leak?
Using knife_tool from python api
bad texture mapping on sides of a cylinder
Navigate normally from camera perspective?
Objects not rotating or scaling in viewport
Has appending lights and cameras been deprecated?
How can I get rid of a Blender element I cannot select?
Toggle 'deform' bone property for all selected bones
Armature Fingertips Not Following Bone
Blender has stopped working: Crash on startup
Displacement on certain objects not working
Weird UI bleeding. Anyone know the cause/fix?
Render object twice with different materials
sound_bake by script : unsupported audio format error
2D Stabilization with Autoscaling: Where can I read out the resulting resolution?
Huge cycles render - not possible to save image?
Difference between compiled version and downloaded?
Blender with python api
Smoke coming out black
Can't paint texture
How to add textures on top of textures?
Adding the "render" operator to a menu (addon)
Scripting -- Can't figure out how to use correct contexts?
Weight painting seems to be ignored on my rig
Same Material, different results?
How to set color on triangle of a mesh
Using matlab coordinates in Blender
How do I give a texture a dark halo?
How to color a perfect reflective material in cycles?
Is there a way to display the geometry of the Subd. surf. modifier together with the original geometry?
Mirror without deleting or adding new material
Drawing Using Grease Pencil Hotkeys
How can i skin a model to a pose other than the Rest Pose?
Adding a new edge loop doesn't work on some parts
How to cut mesh by curved surface
How to get the location of head bone relative to parent's head bone
How do I make objects ignore certain Light sources?
Dynamic menu creation : how to get the selection?
Change the size of cylinder/rope in realtime (GameLogic)
Vertex Groups assignment from Makehuman mesh
How to lock center vertices with mirror modifier?
Dead bmesh loaded from operator in edit_mode
Get the location in world coordinates of a bone's head and tail while in pose mode
Resources for Blender
Do something after user moves a marker
Two stage collapse using rigid body physics?
Export .obj with normalized UV coordinates
Render Videos From Marker Ranges?
why do changes to the armature made in edit mode vanish when I change modes?
Edit all the parts of a cell fractured object at the same time
Can blender create images to look like vector graphics?
Vertex Position is different between my own renderer and Blender's internal render
indexerror: bpy_prop_collection[index]: index 0 out of range, size 0
Is it possible to use a frames marker name and append it to the file name upon export?
How do i Parent a mesh to an armature that is not in rest Pose?
Is it possible to unhide only part of a mesh?
Hair Paricle System not rendering properly on plane
How can I make multiple animations for one object?
How to create toggle buttons in blender GUI from dynamic list of items?
How to connect a mesh vertex groups with an armature bones
How to model rounded extrusions
Can I use Weight Paint to Control Animation Properties?
Can I change Info bar colour on scene change
How to make custom node type animation data show in dope sheet
How to switch data display in UI of 2.7 back to 2.6 style?
How to select all the vertexes with border select?
Is there a way to have faces with equal thickness?
What is the best Blender Python API reference?
Why are objects appearing as a "ghostly" image after rendering?
How to make a VSE scene strip render with the openGL render?
How to use an animation for one object on another object?
Is there a way to hide all the origins in the 3D view?
When using multiple actions, the animation length property seems to be shared by all actions. How do I fix this?
How to mask animated objects so they aren't visible past a certain area?
Error: import Point3D of Geometry Module of sympy0.7.5 in Blender2.71
Is it possible to calculate the volume of a object as its collision bounds?
Not rendering in object mode
How to repeat last stroke in Blender's sculpt mode?
When to use add shader?
Is there a way to render an animation that looks like as if it is rendered with the OpenGL lights (View-port lights)?
Textures messed up after exporting!
After rendering with OpenGL it's always rendering with OpenGL with v2.69
How to make a moving arrow?
How do I animate influence of follow path
Adding custom property to VertexGroup class
Best way to model the top of a rook piece?
Proper way of attaching bones to the model
Creating a scene with huge amount of geometry
Better practices with subdivisions surface modifier
Is it possible to have coordinate system with 3D cursor as origin?
When I quit Blender, I get: "Blender has stopped working, windows is looking for a solution"
How can I move the objects in a single direction?
How can I get the UV sphere face settings back?
How can I create 2D objects?
UV mapping - Unwrap greyed out
Possible to bake texture to new UV map?
How to apply and export baked cycles textures.
Custom Handler makes Blender crash when rendering
Create alpha mask from intensity
Transparent Plane that receives shadow and light emitted by object
Is there a way to change the color wheel used in the node editor?
video sequence editor, footage strip opacity
Any way to get a specified magnification effect?
UV Textures being distorted on rendering
How to combine a blurred emit pass with rest of render?
Selecting loops crashes Blender 2.71 on mac
3d printing a part from Blender
Change background color in Image Editor for transparent image
Calling an Operator from an application handler
Grab data from every frame with Python API? without using bpy.context.scene.frame_set(frame)
Molding an object - Negative mold
Enable Inherit Rotation but keep visual rotation?
Creating a driver on a constraint with python?
Can I snap to the center (midpoint) of an edge?
Rendering mesh edges as solid lines
What is the quickest way to add pairs of edge loops?
Speedup Cycles for material-only renders
Baking to an image using cycles with two sets of existing uvs
Animating the merging of multiple video strips
Can I change the speed of an image sequence?
How do I link vertices between two objects?
Is there a shortcut or hotkey that I could use to access the Transform panel of the properties shelf in the 3D viewport?
How to extract/convert data from blender cache files .bphys into a human readable form via python
How do I bake to only selected faces?
Active collision bounds in the BGE?
Remove extra geometry from objects
Applying modifiers in a script
Why is my material in cycles rendering as as multiple images instead of covering the surface properly?
NURBS trimming, blend surfaces
How to change shapekey vertex position through python
Particle speed and density
Tooltip fonts are blurry
In which direction should bone axes be oriented?
How does blender calculate the solve error in camera tracking?
How to loop cut a cylinder into squares
How to control user interface (panels) across Addons
How to determine lens undistortion values for motion tracking?
Will running Blender on RAM Drives increase Blender's "Speed"?
Why Do I Get This Error Message When I Send A Job to The Render Network?
How to create proper displacement for weld joints?
What Is Wrong With My Log File In Network Render?
Integrate an external application
Python show rig ui if armature is selected
Cutting rectangular hole in a cylinder with subsurf modifier?
How to cut a hole through both sides of a cube?
How to distinguish between "Addon is not installed" and "Addon is not enabled"?
Driving Shape Keys by proximity of an Empty
How to apply a material (e.g. dirt) over an object that already has multiple materials?
place quick smoke icosphere over video in video sequence editor
How to animate focus/blur intensity on a VSE strip
Can frames with no animation be automatically skipped?
Is it possible to view the scene in the viewport camera view at 1:1?
Failed union with polyhedron
How do I know the number of polygons after adding a subdivision surface modifier without applying it?
Alpha PNG as Texture with nodes -> isn't totally transparent
Select all and delete in outliner search results
How to wrap up an independent blender application with customized UI for clients who do not need to install blender?
function 'register' is not defined
Duplicating motionpaths(keyframes)
Glow with depth in Blender?
send instructions to blender from external application
Displacement modifier texture not matching color texture
How to unwrap multiple objects?
How to set render engine in blender?
Make a gold reflective object
Emitting sparks or dust at rigid body collisions
Making holes in a mesh
Cycles does not render with GPU
Get tooltips data from python?
Textures on animated boolean moves with object
Animate .stl files in Blender
custom layout (via scripting)
Cloth simulation appears corrupt in render
Merging two cube meshes
Changing the units in blender breaks camera view
How to save a render image as JPEG with white background instead of default black background at alpha transparent areas?
How to set game render to draw objects in some order (queue)?
Local anchor for group master (move/translate/offset of group master moves group instances)?
Metadata / notes / comments in .blend files?
What is the difference among Alpha Over / Alpha Under / Over Drop?
How to add a background image into blender?
How to Create an Sci Fi "Plasma/Energetic/Force Field" Material in Cycles?
Rendering Freestyle strokes behind objects using alpha transparency
How to export textures applied to a mesh's faces in a texture atlas
Object Solve option not avaliable
Custom Properties converted to integers and driver links lost after restart
How to animate object rotation on a single local axis when local and global axis not aligned?
Is there a way to export the built in textures as a UV map?
How rely the orientation of an object facing the camera to the side it's looked at?
Is there a way to get ONE random value as seed for Cyles per render?
Can the compositor be used to batch process images?
making reusable text object
How could a gap between array modifier created objects be closed?
Cloud texture type in cycles?
Exporting animations to unity 3d
Remove Target Object reference from constraint with python
Transparent lines for a hologram like effect
Import chart into Blender Graph Editor
Could LMB be made to box-select when used outside of a model, but circle-select when initiated over the mesh?
Weight paint front and back faces at the same time
See background image through solid shading in edit mode
Repeat a generated texture in Cycles?
Ugly UV unwarpping in a simple case. What I'm doing wrong?
Using cycles generated textures in the displace modifier
Fast way to move one vertex point to another in the UV/Image Editor?
how to control pose of an armature real time in blender?
Add 3D content to an image using blender
How to add actuator, controller and action to series of objects?
Is one sample rendering in Cycles sufficient for a simple texture shot?
Mesh imported to Unity is inside out
Is there a way to control Blender's GUI remotely?
Necklace Physics
Blender python default function not recognized?
How to render in cycles volume with camera inside
How do I render a background image as a sky in blender 2.7x
Is there a way to make a given value relative to another piece of value?
How can I stops background freestyle lines from showing through thin foreground objects when near in zdepth?
Hide back faces in 3D View?
How to create a video with audio comment?
Import After Effects camera data to Blender
VSE suddenly slow like hell
How to change the mapping of a texture in cycles?
How I can distort image(movie clip) from rectangle to polar?
Running Modal Operator from callback — segfault!
problem zooming in inside geometry
Render on more than one computer?
Scaling hair with the mesh
Walk cycle animation not working in blender game engine
How to change the snapping increment in different units?
Proportional Editing and Laptop Problem
I am having issues with the pivot constraint
Achieve a high pass filter in blender compositor?
How to do transparent textures on Emission node in Blender Cycles
Get context of the active object
lost keyframes from timeline
Export location
addons User Preference and custom properties
Blender armature control in real time?
pixel to grid mapping for textures
Action users number confusion
How to make objects draw transparent/wireframe in the viewport?
Is it possible to edit images programmatically with the Blender API?
Objects not appearing when I render my model
Is there a way to disable curve normals by default?
My Blender has no Header
Camera view not saved
Objects are not counted in the header and will not export
Mirrored (flipped horizontally) after rendering image or movie
When I join particles they somehow multipy
Linked node groups appear as black in preview and final render
Populate a list with custom property dictionary data
Blender 2.71 Cycles render preview graphic purple (no missing textures)
Holographic lighting in Cycles
How to set camera rotation on local Z axis to 0
Duplicated objects copy animation
Can particle object color and alpha be controlled by Particle Age (Blender Internal Render)?
Screen layout with python scripting possible
Hear Sound File in File Browser?
Set wireframe only view
Modeling a curve edge of a plane
compare two same armature structure, rotate first armature's bone to the second position
Changing object position on one key frame changes the rest of the frames as well
Method to align object local axis with global plane when rotating on local axis?
Accidental navigation mode change
Using Scalable Link Interface (SLI) to speed up renders
How to create a reflective diffraction grating with cycles?
Materials and Exporting to different formats
Apply the explode modifier for usage in the game engine
Batch Manipulation in the VSE?
Light path - Transparent depth issue
Failing to chisel (boolean difference) text on a cube side
heat weighting: failed to find solution for one or more bones
Blender Game Engine not displaying World texture
Normal Map Only Baking To Grey or Blue
bpy.props types, update, set, and get fields format
How to make a rigged object bend when pressed against a surface?
Reduce exported .obj file size
Blender reads serial data slowly?
Move Animation within the Timeline
Removing a dot vertex at coordinate center of wrl import?
Replacing Points with objects
Rigify moving and posing, origin doesn't seem to move
cut a hole with boolean modifer not working
Is there a way to make more then 10 layers?
more than one vertex group for one bone
Animate the Viewport Visibility of an Object within the Timeline?
Animation: create a rotation around the object z-axis instead of global z-axis
No cycles engine in opensuse?
Object not rendering how I mapped it
Meshes don't render in cycles
Naming issue with many linked duplicates of groups
Move edge along normal of other face?
Knife project not working
How do I switch the active camera during an animation?
Can the mesh select mode menu converted to a pie menu in Blender 2.72?
Triangles to Quads Problem
How do I create a hinged door?
How to make a circular swipe?
How do i change encoding settings with python
Bones are deforming the mesh at different rates. Is there a way to fix this?
Bone's constraint limit X axis rotation more than 180° doesn't work
Knife project on subsurf-object leaves artifacts
Which animation method to use in blender for later use in Unity?
Rigging problem with mesh body in pose mode
Final rendered image is completely transparent
UV Mapping Issues
Subdivide loop at custom position without stretching the texture
How do you do an island select?
Objects in edit mode are all black
Number of samples for final render in Cycles
How to animate object with data file
How to rename objects with python?
Creating a "filtered" UI field
Cast ray from the cursor and get the index of the hit face
Using a video from the Video Sequence Editor in the Movie clip editor?
replace operators with low level functions
Is there a low level alternative for bpy.ops.object.origin_set()
Is there a way to bake animated/ deformed geometry?
How Can I Delete An Object In a Video Or Picture With Blender?
Novel Use of Drivers
Change objects to soild view
Is there a way to make a project directory for all the external files, including textures and render saves?
Animating masks to create multiple wipes
Lighting per polygon
Unselectable edge? Help!
How to select a strip in the video sequence editor?
Scripted Copy of all Materials/Material slots from another Object
Lens specs of smartphones for camera tracking in Blender
Python Stop-Motion Insert Keyframe
Export geometry with multiple UV maps to PLY
Object's attribute that says if object is still or moves?
create a full featured product in blender using only the python language
Operator's, How to detect `MOUSEMOVE` inside of `LEFTMOUSE` event
Controlling ColorRamp nodes with Group Inputs
Can't get node editor to add volume scatter for smoke domain in 2.71
Save all render passes to a single EXR image
One material with different color per mesh?
Update an existing (animated) model
Black reflection on glass
Free division of a cube?
visual_transform_apply doesn't affect object in Python script
time offset in blender compositor?
VSE animated mask with scenes?
Shadows color for text
Align text with a curve
How to select a UV island?
DirectX Export Script for Blender v. 2.71
Cycles volumetric object with intersecting mesh
Export/list the control points of a NURBS
Importing OBJ File to the center with correct orientation
Strange light artifact
UI: Text box with multiple lines
UV Mapping Doesn't Display in UV/Image_Editor
Physics: mesh moving on top of of another
How can I create a diffuse map that looks and reacts like a Vertex Weight map?
Where is the BSurfaces project living now?
Multiple animation on one rigged character
create a folder in a specific path using Blender python
How do we integrate cycle renderer with our own app?
Edit Mode Changes not showing up in Object Mode
How to zoom in and out the user presp
Limit rendering to a specific part of the world
Materials defined by a texture
Add Array to multiple objects
Set active vertex through python
How to set objects to layers?
Does Blender API have any evaluation function for Bezier curves?
Is there a google sketchup mode?
how to do custom animation in a mhx file made using Makehuman
Blender Rigging process. Is skinning a must?
How to render a 30K image with cycles?
Cement material for holding objects together?
Why is this surface wrinkly?
Is it possible to perform operations individually to faces?
It is possible to add modifiers to a group?
Mesh is Weirdly Deformed in Object & Sculpt Modes
I don't know how I locked "view offset", but how do I unlock it?
Is it possible to test for a previously created folder on the hard drive
How can shape keys of a linked object be controlled?
How do I copy vertex groups from one object to another?
Need advice on turning a 2D image into a 3D model
Python Implementation of Track-to/aim constraint
Help! can't get simple compositing of render layers to work
Re-add edge loops after using ctrl f
Having issues exporting FBX Character mesh and rigg into UT4
Problems with an animation
User preferences lags Blender
Proxied armature groups participating in rigid body simulations
render only composite
Incomplete Seam Marking
Make a triangle with exact dimensions
How to creata a text input field in BGE
Sequentially Enable Rigid Body Control
How to use numpad / on a keyboard without a numpad?
Offset animated color change over many objects?
Mysterious Black Dot
Why does a UV Map cover the entire model?
Cell fracture not working with physics
Turn off shading
Lost the Move Tool
Bevel specific edges
Making a spring for use in Unity
Getting os.system to work in Python Console?
Fit a blanket to a person
How to work with a custom Python node in Cycles
How to apply Matcap materials for sculpting in Blender 2.71?
Why isn't blender exporting colors to .mtl?
Importing blender rig into Cinema 4D Lite
Is there any advantage to using child particles with object particles?
Import custom file format into Blender
Global Variable/Node across multiple materials?
Why normal map baking break at UV seams?
Cycles Render Stops Rendering
How to Relink a Linked Object?
How to convert an object's location to another's rotation
How to install bgui for use in Blender BGE
Use "Add 3D Function Surface" addon via python
Missing mesh display panel in 2.71
How to make a Portal Bridge material in Cycles?
How do I use dynamic paint to control hair density?
Run blender Still rendering from command line with external Python script
Extracting a UV layout
Apply armature's object rotation to animation data
Blender game engine camera
White line across my blender sample render?
modeling a world made of cubes
Is it possible to convert image texture's black color to transparent?
Baking only light maps in Cycles
How to fill a mesh with solid color
Changing primitive properties retrospectively - options not visible below the tool panel
How can an Android photosphere be used as a scene background?
removing shadows between layers
White outlines around characters from sun lighting
Strange drawing of selections in edit mode
How to retrieve missing vertices from STL file
Pin UVs for Pack Islands?
Blender 2.71 Preview Showing Incorrectly
Trackpad behaviour - acting like mouse (OS X Macbook)
NLA action modifiers, character walking on curve
Blender 2.7 Select vertex path option
Animated material transparency isn't shown in the 3d viewport
Can I use Vertex paint with volume shaders?
How to get world coordinates of pixels?
Can a Cycles/Blender Internal materials be shared on their own?
Saving a character so it can be opened in a seperate blender project
How can I create a shiny metallic plastic-looking material?
blender game controling
blender game engine objects ramdom duplicate
Using a Normal map together with a Bump map
Installing Free Blender Resin Shader for Cycles
Separating parts of an object
Make the eyes look less like an insect
Add-on UV Paste Copy/ Align Distribute and Screencast in Blender 2.72
How to Apply UV maps to each face
Can't select individual vertices by right clicking in UV image editor (v2.46)
How to adjust UV mapping for each element of an array?
How do I fill these holes, fill space without information, and deal with overlapping meshes
Is it possible to twist a circle into a sphere?
OBJ imported into Nifskope has no texture
How can I get the camera's projection matrix?
blender filter nodes not visible
Remove object from specific group programmatically
UV unwrap doesn't show up in Object Mode?
How to make windows into a wall?
Baking normal map from a cycles shader with normals
Learning cycles material nodes
Bones import incorrectly from FBX file
How to make a large mesh smaller and workable?
Problems with particle hair in 2.72 (cycles)
Is there a way to fit the viewport to the current field of view?
Blender 2.72 "blender-app.exe"
Exporting with Local Coordinates / Pivot Points
Editor Window Missing - Only seeing timeline
Is there any way to copy the weight of one bone over to another(forgot to use x-mirror)?
How to maximize any of the views in quad view?
Blender command doesn't get executed when it receives message from ROS
What is the best or fast way to add a star on top of a helmet?
How can I store and retrieve a custom list in a blend file?
Python performance without Blender operators
UV Islands. how to distinguish them?
Is it possible to give a texture thickness?
How to quickly remove all zero-weight vertex groups?
camera different position/view on render
How can I stop specs of light coming through my object?
Can't find my model
Keeping Bezier spiral curve handle tilt perpendicular to a specific axis
How to make a camera follow a specific particle
Keying set failed to insert any keyframes
Display all paint slots simultaneously?
How to move the 3D manipulator widget itself
Bones are invisible in blender
Create ghost character from a certain point in cloth simulation
Does anyone know how to create a zipper?
UV mapping rendering wrong
What's the difference between addons, plugins and builds?
speed up rendering a static scene with a moving camera
sculpt tools act in incorrect direction
How to retrieve the groups of an object?
How can I run blender from the command line to export and import models
Storing more data with stencils
Constant repeating errors in console
How to make cloth animation with bones?
How to create an animation of a waterflow, from a sequence of .stl files
Difference between FINISHED and CANCELLED as return values
Cycles- eyes are rendered multicolored, bright pink and blue
short view distance in 3d view?
Is there a way to turn off all the tabs on the tool shelf in the node editor in verion 2.72?
Play a sound triggered from emitting a particle
Serial data from arduino not received properly
How can a light cone (volumetric) be setup with cycles?
code under modal operator gets executed only when mouse is moved or a key is pressed
How to use ibus for user input in BGE
Question about texture painting
color faces with wrong normals
Projectiles in the BGE
Vertex Ordering Messed up on exported .ply file
How to retrieve the objects of a group
Output file different from preview
How can I stop Blender from selecting vertices on backfaces?
How do I get constraints to work in game engine?
Blender Character looks abnormally smooth
programmatically generate road with moving car
Display an armature with one root bone
Drag and drop importing of .OBJ files
How can I uncomment "#" a line using python?
Command for creating an object of custom size
How do I get imported objects to show in view? (.wrl files)
How do I select a set of Blender elements with a common characteristic?
Is it possible to manipulate normals explicitly in Blender?
How to make a renderfarm
Viewport shading only for selected objects
Problem enabling siding generator addon
How to set the value of a string property when a button is pressed? (Not in bge)
Artifacts in render, but not in preview?
Construct surface model from atomic force microscope data
Transparent blue plastic material which emits light
character movement does not work in blender game engine
Possible to re-order Python API ENUM's?
Get pose bones which were animated in a strip
Single Image rendering with blender netrender
Add random colour to animations
How to add an object to the scene through python
Scripting the modeling of a plane world map
Using Python to write to the Windows clipboard (BINARY data, not plaintext)
How to include linked objects?
Why do the objects imported to libGDX look white?
Is there an established procedure for programmatically creating a Cycles material to match a physical one?
Why procedural musgrave texture gives different results when rendered and when baked?
Object appears jagged in final render?
Particles are clumping on each frame
Parenting to an array end cap
Cloth simulated object particles don't simulate when start and end emission frames are different
Gaps appearing in rigged humanoid model form zbrush?
Inverted Solid OpenGL lights?
UV coordinates scale with changes in object scale?
How to rotate multiple objects towards one point?
How to set world sky environment for use in libgdx?
Can I use Compositor to colorize image?
How to add user input fields to the UI, to be used by a Python script
Change the background clip after tracking - multiple clips loaded
Selecting - how to differentiate "elements"?
How to get list of all images in a scene with python
"Apply modifiers" button not appearing?
How to uv unwrap object with python
How to make Feathers for a Gladiator Helmet with Particle Hair?
Nurbs Curve with hooks not updating properly during render
Changing viewport shading with python
Why are lamps and mesh lights not illuminating anything?
Would it be possible to write an addon that highlights all modified settings?
How display and use operator properties in a Python Blender UI panel?
Follow Path constraint moves object away from curve?
Export geometry to Ansys or other 3D CAD programs?
How display and execute in the right context UI elements of operator in a panel?
How to make dupli objects the same size as parent object faces?
Is there an Equivalent to the tool "To Sphere" but to Cube?
Path Bevel With Different Thickness Along the Vertices
Easier way to orient custom bone shapes?
How to make the rendering process less resource consuming
Trouble with getting global vertex positions
How to preserve shape keys with decimate modifier?
Is there another way besides particles to make fire in the game engine?
avoiding a tiled looking ocean simulation
How to optimize a mesh by merging objects and/or reducing faces
(v. 2.72) Input movie's audio/video is in sync, but VSE output is floating and desynchronized between audio and video
Is there a Solidify Extrude function?
Drawing a Bezier curve from two vertices
Add an image import button in addon
How to lock object face a certain distance away from another object face?
My mesh is stuck in lines mode, it renders with faces, but they don't show when editing
Changing current frame without updating depsgraph
Head/Neck Rigging Problem
Rotating a single image texture for multiple instances
Sharing data between Operators
How do I batch import one format, then export to another?
Enable experimental features Blender 2.72
How to add shortcut for 'Only Render'?
Would it be possible to create a new constraint "type" with python?
How to set Blender to use identical controls as Unity?
How to fix single face mesh?
What's the most effective way to create a convincing horizon in the game engine?
Appending hotkeys to default keymap
Python - draw custom panel in UI region only for 1 object
Python Render Specific Frames
UV Mapped a cube for a skybox, seams showing
I have a problem left clicking the x,y, z axis
Aliased edge around light source in cycles
Pixelart style render in blender
how to find all faces linked to a specific face
Are there some default grid pattern textures in blender?
Selecting vertices in reference to a plane, ex: Select all vertices to the right of the origin
What is the difference between positive and negative rotation?
Blender won't render on Dual / Single GTX 980
How to merge adjacent cubes
Texture, Material problem when exporting to three.js
Copying and Pasting Fcurve modifiers Through Python
How to stop rendering a renderlayer at any moment of the animation?
Simplest way to create a database symbol
Loop-cut won't go all the way around
Keep surface 'dry' in fluid simulation
Import object without bpy.ops.wm.link_append
How do you create an infinite ground plane?
Group input in panel with python
Textures disappear in BGE Playmode, but colliders are still there?
When is it ok to subdivide?
Move loopcut without distorting UV map
When I open a specific animation the character shrinks and turns sideways
Which is more efficient? duplifaces, particles, or group instances?
Snapping Vertices to One Vertex on a UV Map
Creating borders for flat models
Difference between push/pull and shrink/fatten?
How to control a short "animation" with a single bone?
Boolean intersect two 2d extruded bezier curves (non destructive)
Which tool allows bending a mesh?
Making a multi-colored candy material in Cycles?
soft body pinning
How to make a cycles light emisson object invisible to the camera?
How to exclude objects from light sources in cycles?
Options for object creation are greyed out
Importing trajectories to create an animation
Why does my rig fly away in game engine
get/set on FloatVectorProperty subtype COLOR
Importing into Blender a Collada export (.dae file) from Sketchup
Keyframing start and end of smoke simulation
Where is the smooth / flat shading property of an object?
How to distribute animated meshes with a particle system
How to switch between editors with shortcuts
extrude a ridge with even thickness
Fade out objects WITHOUT use of materials
Can I edit an armature's size through its bounding box?
using Blender to better understand OBJ features/usage
UV Mapping External Texture Changes to a Black Diffuse in Texture Paint mode
Animation rotates to closest angle
Why strips occur when simulating smoke with collision?
Outlining in Blender?
How to duplicate selected vertices using python script?
How to use the golden spiral composition rule
Calling delete() operator after revert_mainfile()
When I press render, my object changes
How to put a cursor in the middle of the screen?
How to set up a orbiting camera with zoom in the BGE?
Blender units vs metric
How to make a FPS-like camera in BGE
Problem with for loop in vertices
Change the size of multiple selected polygons as a post-extrude operation
Image not rendering correctly
Sorting wrong when sorting Vertices and Faces
How can I animate an opaque material to being fully transparent in Cycles?
Access auto tracking feature detection with python script
How can I transform my solid mesh into fine dust (smoke) smoothly half-way through an animation?
How can I animate a mesh to be transparent without hiding the smoke that it emits also?
Subsurface Between Two Meshes
Texture Painting, problem with bump painting
Objects stop emitting smoke/fire after a short time?
BGE mouse view python script
How do I copy a pose from one blend file and paste it to another?
How do I randomize the movement of trees made with the sapling generator?
Is it possible, without knowing Python, to animate between orthographic and perspective camera view?
Blender's "Right" View is actually a "Left" view? "Front" view is actually "Back"?
Maintaining UV's when downsampling a mesh
Can't see shading in 3d view
Replace objects with a group of objects using Python
Can I make a smoke emission only be affected by a specific force field?
Unwanted sharp shadows when using a point lamp
Object follow a square path?
NLE - Workflow for editing one big video clip containing many sequences
Print all commands in the Info view?
How do I create a custom-keying set based on a built-in keying set?
Message actuator/sensor across scenes?
BGE Switching camera
How to change armature animation so it depends on rotation not translation
Texture Solid Option Is Not Showing Textured On 3D View port
How can I make particles rise softly?
How can I change the "active image" of an object via python for baking?
Make thick defined smoke
Code inside function not working as it should
Move physics animation on timeline without resimulating?
Missing toolbar and cannot resize areas?
Set shortcut to use 3DConnexion SpaceMouse button?
Textured alpha not showing in the game engine?
Make animated particle object start animation from the beginning when emitted?
Editing tooltip for more info
strange lighting, problem with normals?
Help with Atomic Blender addon
What is and how can I use the bpy.types.UIPopupMenu?
How to smooth out the slope between two fragments?
Hide custom properties in the UI panel with python
How can I trim an object by an exact mesure?
Class already registered as subclass (module structure for addon)
Constraining vertices in the Z axis when array, curve and shrinkwrap modifiers applied
Freestyle strokes not appearing in Cycles texture bake
Soft body hook onto an object?
How do I get Particle Boids to fight each other?
Blender freezes just after opening
is it possible (if so, how) to use a part of a material applied to a mesh as emitter?
Using closest_point_on_mesh on object manipulated as bmesh
Why blender is not saving used Images
How do you mirror and invert at the same time?
Smooshing faces against each other: Making features coplanar, while preserving surrounding geometry
Lining edges up: Make features collinear, preserving surrounding geometry
Matching point locations: Relative translation, preserving surrounding geometry
Is there way to make an object gravitate or lock to the surface of another object?
PyNodes: get active node tree from context in Blender 2.72
Pinning cloth to animated model is making cloth go crazy
BGE: Getting keyboard entries on screen, entered characters are black
How to create 3D curved text the right way for boolean operations?
How to set font size in points?
Is it possible to apply cloth simulation and collision on a character?
Get value from a bpy.types.Scene property
Get path to Blender executable
Cutting mesh textures
How to find what text file is open in text editor
How would I twist a torus or circle into an infinity symbol?
Apply transforms to all other keyframes
Why does subdividing quads create diamonds in the wireframe?
How are texture maps imported into Blender?
How do I export my armature and pose library
What is a sensible scale to work with?
Lights don't emit anymore
How to combine layers with lots of objects that have alpha textures?
Create a stretchy line between two objects?
controling the size of the cloth
Baking ambient occlusion gives odd black vortex output?
Automatic import, group and export with command-line (CLI)
Add proximity loops to sharp edge without affecting mesh shape
directX exporter not exporting animation
Cannot enter edit mode or change to orthographic view?
How to keyframe IK bones?
How fill face between irregular curves?
Using NLA strips on different bones belonging to the same armature
add titles using the VSE
Is it possible to scale only UVs to a specific value?
Weird blender game engine python problem
Rendering animation speed
Can I mirror animations on bones?
Unlink selection in the UV editor doesn't seem to work in 2.72
Game engine flight animations, controlled by contact with floor, not keys
Shadows not influenced by normal map in BI
VSE. Textures missing when combining video clips with 3D scene
Components of animation flicker and disappear/reappear
Rough vertex curve transform into even curve?
Is there a way to "rescue" mesh that has very bad topology?
Can you add more loop subdivides later?
Material sidebar isn't displaying default options
What is this grey theme seen on the gooseberry website?
Set the correct orientation when exporting from Blender to Unity
What is the best way to set up crowd animations?
Blending two textures together
What is the easiest way to have a default "Good" lighting setup for cycles?
Viewing background through alpha channel of foreground object
What is the purpose of the "Color Space" on image texture nodes?
Is there a way to delete unneeded keyframes automatically?
How can I make an object appear or emerge from a flat surface?
Use nodes to generate a texture of an image cut out with a checkerboard
How do you delete a mystery object?
How to use index passes in other compositing packages?
Using python to manipulate vertices
IK-rig doesn't bend when I add elbow-target/elbow-pole
fluid simulation baking error
Rendering an animation the way 3D view looks
How to soften/smooth mesh curves?
How can I disable one OpenCL device
encode video through windows command line
How to show missing edges with Freestyle edge mode?
Understanding model, texture, UV scale
bpy data out of sync with the actual scene
Workflow to convert rendered images to video
How to force a shallow copy?
BGE: Path follower wait in a specific point
Spot light not working in render or the game engine
Anisotropic material no longer appears radial?
Copy transforms Constraint gives strange scaling and transforms?
Particles don't collide with collision object?
Why are circles always created upside down?
Objects disappear when looking through camera
Mesh/edit mode: how rotate TOGETHER with armature
Improve text only rendering time
Setting active object through python issues
uv image editor alpha?
How to make a heat distortion effect?
How to animate a opening lid?
Object doesn't follow the navigation mesh path using steering actuator
How To Reduce Noise In Cycles Render
How to export model's mesh with adjacency information
Creating 3D pixel modeling?
Make strip active or deactivate it in python
How to change the default views of quad view?
How do I rotate an object with a custom button and panel using python scripting?
How to prevent disconnection between two objects, while rigging?
How to bake glass material in cycles?
How does blender calculate poseBone.matrix?
Have rigid body animation only rotate and not translate
How can I preserve both materials from two meshes that undergo boolean union?
Staying flexible in the level of detail?
Extrude along an edge loop by vertex
Texture mapping with multiple UV maps
How to make a bronze material in Cycles?
Reducing viewport slowness while working on a .blend with lots of particles?
Smoke not showing up in render?
How to randomly separate particles from center of a curve guide?
Two different keyframes, sharing the same frame/time
Using Blender with processing or Max MSP interactive programmes
Exporting multiple materials to a single diffuse/specular map
Animating eye texture in a head mesh
How to determine which scene is the new one upon duplication?
Compound rigid body in cycles
Error ImportError: No module named 'bpy'
Better workflow for Weight Painting?
Compositing with Shadows and resources
Event that runs when object is deleted
How to get python reference for a menu?
Texturing with remesh modifier
How can I distort a gradient along an axis?
How to manipulate individual median points in edit mode?
BGE Move Toggle Switch Sensor
Driver not updated on dimension changes
Can I control depth of focus (v depth deph of field)
Bone constraints not applied correctly
How to dissolve into particles a moving person on a RGBA video footage (using BI)
3D Volumetric Planetary Clouds in Cycles?
How do I export an object from blender and import in Maya?
How can I edit a imported animation?
Displaying faces in edit mode
For smoke how can I take certain frame of smoke and use as initial frame?
Cycles / CUDA Error: Out of Memory
How to calculate specific liquid volume?
Rigid body object animation won't preview or play?
cycles volume rendering 3D image texture (CT or MR dataset)
copy python code of operation
Manually Control Linear Workflow
Add UV Mapped texture coordinates to OBJ file?
preview image sequence composite
poseBone location and rotation from poseBone matrix
How to make a take-off/landing for an airplane in BGE?
How do I fix this irregular shading on my subsurf retopology attempt?
Rendering an object through another
Animation on keyframe and timeline
How to cut door hole in solid wall?
Why does the mirror modifier not mirror perfectly?
How can I move the horizon line?
How to measure face size in meters, centimeters or any units which is set?
Render Regions renders part of region only
BGE: How to make a Key inactive after pressing another Key?
Is it possible to set Blender Selection Mode to left click selection via Python?
Get actual object location in animation handler
Edges with mean crease set to 1 are still rounded by a subsurf modifier
Is it possible to have different background images for different visible layers?
U-shape waves with musgrave texture node in cycles
How to export a motion tracked camera to 3ds Max?
Blender for optical modeling II
Considering buying a new computer, how much of blender is CPU related vs GPU related?
Normal map on only part of the material
How to resize selected part of uv image in python?
Cycles bake with separate uv maps?
BGE: How to make a minimap that shows the player's position?
Is there a way to deform a model and then have the mesh stay that way, even without an armature?
Appended layer not rendering any objects
How to change UV map loaded from obj when change unwrap way
Full UV wrapping on a mirrored Mesh
Need easy method to make SciPy available in my scripts
How to remove a hole from a solid plane?
Graph in blender
Script method to trim mesh objects
Blender slaves timeout after rendring few or part of frame
Which render engine renders faster? Blender Internal or Cycles?
Where can I find what version of python is bundled with certain Blender versions?
Moving in steps or smoothly, changing the default settings
Changing object dimensions along Y axis - scales Z axis
Setting euler rotates camera, but setting quaternion doesn't
Can the 3D viewport be set to draw smooth (anti-aliased) wireframe?
How to get the worldspace location of a rendered pixel from Python
Trouble selecting correct object in viewport
Initializing Scene Parameters in Addons
Boolean Union vs Difference Error - Swapped Behaviour
More than one playaction() in same BGE script
How to render a equirectangular non distorted panorama in Blender cycles?
Where is the default text object font (Bfont)?
Edit an object's material in Blender using python
Boolean Modifier Trouble
Blender saying 91 uses of image when only 6 materials
Show only certain curves of multiple layers in graph editor
Orange squares appearing on render?
Is there a quick way to override the UI widget for a single property in an addon?
How to find out if the nla editor is in tweak mode
Delete mesh layers
Child Of's set inverse without using bpy.ops
I have two edges that intersect, how do I get a vertex at the intersection point?
Can't get blender to work on Ubuntu - when it opens I don't see the default scene
How can n-gons be selected?
Why the blender browser plugin is not updated?
How to scale along the local axis of an object?
how to get number of selected vertex and the number of total vertex with python?
how to set musgrave to get something periodic?
Approach for a Cheese material with SSS in Cycles?
How to output 3 objects as 3 seperate nodes in a g3dj file
Smoke Domain object is black
Locking Face Area in Edit Mode
"Smooth Vertex" wrinkles mesh instead of smoothing it
How to make a realistic snow material in Cycles?
Revert parts in a Multiresolution sculpt to their original position?
Access Bone Coordinates using Python API
Remove Unnecessary Confirmation Popups -- resolved, but why not effective?
Is there a way to clear the "info" editor?
How to combine many faces into single face
How to create a rough green emerald material in Cycles
Is there any way to clean a triangulated mesh?
How do I reset UI panel zoom level?
how to make the separated vertex is the active object after separation with python?
Copying Armature through Python API
Import error: module not found
Is my fire animation rendering right?
I am having problems with how an object appears to be shaded?
What is causing pinching artifacts in this mesh?
Small errors when baking displacement maps
How to align object well enough to integrate into array modifier?
Blender 2.49b Mesh Unwrap Issue
Compositing versus video sequence editor for combining video file with own animation
Is it possible to render an armature?
How to make pictures in Bioblender
Driver is not working as expected
Why are straight lines sloping in render?
Is there an Inflate/Deflate Mesh option in Blender?
Python: Access mesh selection history data
Cell fracture causing additional non desirable geometry. How to fix?
Particles converted but no colors!
How to manage multiple f-curve modifiers
BGE: Can a rigged rigid body interact with BGE physics?
Getting XYZ and RBG (+time) data of custom 3D model
How do I fix the 'Texface Conversion Problem' message when importing Yo-Frankie files into 2.72
Best/ preferred way of storing Image references?
Setting a Property's min and max values after creation
Snap to own mesh
Objects using Nurbs Curve disappear in game engine
Lighting without highly visible shadows
Camera perspective in viewport is different to in render
Modifiers: add and set "live" parameters then apply via python
Creating a Black Hole in Blender
How to fill an object with smoke
OSL: Giving the texture method a color instead of string
Using a series of Text objects in an array
Changing object location in local coordinates don't work
Materials tab missing
BGE and MakeHuman:Why the mesh is not displayed correctly?
How to change timing of my mocap BVH and how to optimize keyframes
Animate a mesh using bones rotations instead of shape keys
Cutting holes into a flat surface
Cannot locate the "Multi Resolution" tab
Cannot change curve modifier after pressing 'Apply'
How to convert many triangles to one mesh?
How to make an object emit light in Cycles?
Mirror animations from right hand to left hand or similar objects
How to change the lamp strength using python scripting, for cycles renderer?
Color picker default behavior?
How to find the Python equivalent operation for tools, settings & menu?
Bending an object into a circle
Can edge loops be aligned equidistant?
Interface size miniature running windows 8.1?
How to register custom math function?
Odd Bump/Normal Map behavior with Texture Nodes - Blender Internal
Would it be possible to make your game for Mac Linux and Windows
Render times for standard non-3d video?
Blender 3d NURBS Path objects move
Missing OpenColorIO.dll for game engine executable
Gray cone obscuring/clipping the 3D Viewport
Exporting Physics Simulations into Unity
Black areas in glossy surface
Blender copy rotation constraints bugging out
Multiple flames from one mesh
How to reset object's origin
Change height of an inset extrusion
Edge slide rotation
how to delete property from object
Rigging Question
Entire object not visible in render
How can I duplicate the vertices of an edge to move it without affecting surrounding edges?
Baking IK into FCurves
Blender game engine via Python
Blender 2.60: GLSL Shading problems on Blender Game Engine - objects not visible
Weird outline around brush strokes in texture paint
How to color an object in blender for use in Unity3d?
How do I extrude out a base on this model?
UV unwrap doesn't show faces in UV image editor
Why in proximity the other character mesh is disappearing?
Extruding Problems
Is there a way to use a particle system on a mesh with a re-mesh modifier?
Can snapped vertices be automatically merged?
Automatic update of the image in the UV/image Editor
Forward Scattering
Adjusting the step of a UI element
How do I make a specular surface without reflections?
How do I smooth a subdivided surface?
What are these items that are showing up in the viewport render
Particle density animation using dynamic texture
When are tris used effectively?
Blender as an image editor software?
Modify complex mesh to sotfen hard angles (eventually for 3D printing)
How to eliminate Cycles artifacts with many overlapping volumes?
IK with pole over subdivided bone chain don't bend
How to lock texture tile size while painting?
Keyframing Physics Animation
Why is my smoke simulation not showing up with the default renderer?
How do I get rid of the unexpected shadows that appear inside the holes of objects using Glossy BSDF?
How does the Vector Math Normalize node work?
How to construct a Möbius loop using bezier curves
Return values of operators
Leaf texture is not mapping correctly onto leaves?
How to achieve Incandescence with Cycles materials
Full spherical view inside Blender Game from Pre-Rendered images
Cycles final render pitch black?
How to recalculate normals?
Why does blender cover the whole cube and not selected areas with materials?
Setting Group Node Socket Type
can I use the background as texture?
Why won't textures work?
How do I get anisotropy to work in 2.72?
Odd Deformation With Weight Paint
Material renders as black, but looks fine in textured view?
Nothing appears when trying to render, hangs on 'Occlusion preprocessing'
How to remove interior faces while keeping exterior faces untouched?
Bones need to be named exactly the same to copy pose data?
Rotate a sphere diagonally (both around x and y axis)
Curve rotation problem
Keyframed UV map not exporting in .dae?
Reset blender environment on each script run
How to delete all the keyframes from multiple objects?
Is their a way to create half of a model and duplicate other side
How do I speed up Blender Game animation?
Why does blender crash when my missile disapears in the BGE?
I can only see a few feet ahead in Game engine
Set dimensions of a mesh
Making a curved tube thinner or thicker without scaling its overall size
How to construct a moebius loop using bezier curves
How can I change a scene using python BGE
Run actions with a custom button
rigged character's hair/particle system doesn't follow the movements
Modelling a Klein bottle
Flag does not move in the wind in Game Enigne
Tracking a shot with focal variation (zoom)
How to achieve a stylized burning (Wireframe) effect?
3D window renders, but Image Render doesn't?
How to write a YAML file with a Blender Python script
How to save the render result within Blender
Is there a way to display only a certain view in the viewport?
Insert edgerings along selected edge loops
How to render frames skipping every X , but leaving the filename increment by one
How to change hair color along length of strand?
Can Vertex Paint Normalize Color Channels?
How to adjust Cycles color balance
BGE local position not respecting rotation
How to mask off part of image plane
Blender collision sensor is triggered twice
How can I decimate a model to make it fatter?
Objects not visible in other frames/window but all the objects are in the library
Why are most my objects not visible in new windows and when its rendered out?
Why are my videos rendering in black and white?
Make gap even thickness?
How to spread out keyframes parabolically
BGE: How to create a countdown timer without using debug or python?
Is it possible to change particle explosion element size in time?
Wrapping a 2D net over a 3D object
Which engine in Blender should i start with?
If a blend is saved with missing linked libraries, is that data now permanently lost?
Fastest way to move vertices with python
Why does blender render a single image instead of the whole video?
Bryce "Zoom to Selection" Function in Blender?
Animation in viewport suddenly becomes very slow
How does "Max Angle" work when using Tris to Quads?
How to align imported mesh to grid?
How do you overlay an image on a shader in Cycles?
BGE: Create a single mesh
Armature advice for the hip region
Blender games on Amazon Fire Tv
How to change the interpolation easing of multiple keyframes at once?
Attach cloth to solids and do animation
How do I make an object in my scene into an object I can instance using python?
when parenting object to bone, the object changes position
Scale custom bones
How to transform the face of an object in a texture?
Getting grooves of equal width
Arduino cannot receive serial data from blender
Melt a complex mesh and then animate it using force fields
Working with lower resolution in compositor viewer?
Save screenshot (bge) without writing to disk
How to enable MSAA on editor
When can a Color Ramp be used to create a gradiant in a Cycles shader?
Can you add geometry to a mesh over time (frames) with Python?
How can i make my Cycles Cloth Shader to look Translucent
How to create a tape wrapped around an handle
how to get the a value of the resolution of an image in blender compositor?
Adaptative sampling on Cycles
Execute function only once in a infinite loop on blender game engine?
Shader artifacts rendering in some spots of the mesh
Where do these hair artifacts come from?
Rotating a model of a character distorted the animation
How to add a photograph to a scene and render it realistically?
BGE: Move character from Scene1 to Scene2 and keeping the character to Scene2
bpy.types.Operator meta info based on current Frame
How to install Blender sub-process modules to run Blender in background?
How to create this kind of spiral tube?
When I right click nothing happens
How to remove (unlink) all the grease pencil layers?
How to export ocean simulation to .json file with the animated modifier?
X3D not including textures in file
Artifacts in rendered geometry
Why doesn't "bpy.ops.wm.save_as_mainfile()" work in UI panel?
How to create collapsible panel
IK bone and foot distortion
Why does my mesh not move with the bones parented to it?
Large Braids with Hair Particles
Texture Mapping Issues with Linked Objects
Motion tracking is oriented incorrectly; no depth
Video editing displays white screen
Get the value in a GUI field? (Redo panel)
How to properly use face smooth shading
Problem applying textures
Model doesn't mirror correctly
Why is the texturing on my model rendering blurry and without the alpha chanel?
Animating robots and vehicles--What are the pros and cons of adding rigging and bones, vs. using separate objects and manipulating those?
How do you snap lines to a grid?
Creating a gravity lens effect?
When would you use Simple subdivision rather than Catmull-Clark subdivision?
How do I get lit textured materials in Multitexture BGE?
Texture Changing with Keyframes
Objects being moved with each other inside an area
Colouring hair with vertex paint
Accidently Moved Camera, Get Position Back?
How can I join meshes that are separated by dotted lines?
Script works independenlty, but not when called from another script
Nothing happens when installing my own addon
How many reference images are needed for head modeling?
How to create Quarter Cylinder
Strange behavior when going to Edit Mode
Cyan origin dot mystery
how to add a driver to the z rotation local axis of an object?
Rotating various objects in different axis
How can animated shape keys be used in the NLA when a character is linked from another .blend?
Is it possible to change the animation length of many Rigid Bodies?
Where are my screencast keys?
Rigging - Inverse Kinematics Snapping
Why my GPU rendering time is more than CPU rendering time?
Blender Video Editing Output differs from Preview
How do I remove unwanted Transform Orientations?
How to make a rusty texture?
how to fix "object has no uniform scale"?
How to make redo last pop-up to not disappear after cursor moved out?
How to Save Particle Combing Data to a Normal Map Image File in UV Space?
Why doesn't an Environment texture appear when the world has a Volume Scatter shader?
Unlink physics of duplicated objects in Blender Game
Transparent Plane Still Casts Shadow
Adding driver through python doesn't work properly?
How to model with precision
Blender Game animation recording: specific recording
Object appears bright even when there is no light
can a particle texture influence the particle size on only one axis?
Is it possible to create a render layer with no depth of field?
Ka always zeros in MTL file, reflectance and translucency coeffs also missing
Model upholstery with buttons?
How to display different layers in each 3D View?
Masks animation in the graph view is possible?
Simplify Blender GUI using Python
Simplify Blender GUI, FileWindow without info header
How to make all polygons into triangles
Textures list not shown
Animating the origin point location. Is it possible?
How to add a torus to another shape
Blender 3D Game Projects?
Why does one face appears so warped when UV unwraping?
Is it possible to load animated gif images?
Customizing the new pie menus with commands?
Curve modifier - define affected points
Select Object randomly from group
How do I create a draggable UI element?
Set Object Position
Are UI Color Ramps Possible through Python
Is there a 2.72 equivalent to 'no caustics'?
Prop Search Armature Bones
(Game Engine) How to restrict character movement to linear paths
Can I fix broken shape keys after editing basis?
Exporting cycles rendered models to be used in opengl
IK refusing to follow target around Z axis
Python: join objects without updating scene
3D Mesh Vertex to 2D Pixel Coordinates
Can Krita and Blender be linked?
Vertex color bake to texture causes wrong color margin
character made with multiple objects one armature or different armatures
Rigid body constraints and animation
Creating A Thatched/Rattan Material?
Correctly applying new materials to the object
Can't move in the 3D view with mouse
why is extrude locked to z axis
Why is my mesh inversed when Imported to Unity?
Compositor renders video zoomed in
Transparent background hide volume emision (cycles)
Is there a way to have my emission shader only affect the particle system?
How to enable CUDA on Ubunutu 14.04 for a GTX 970?
What is creating smudging in my render?
Loopcut not creating
How to set minimum and maximum fields of a custom ID property using Python
Problem painting multiple textures on same object
How to create recesses in a curved surface?
Movie Editor Masking Animate change?
My 3D object looks different when exporting it to Unity?
Should Every Different Textured Piece Be It's Own Object
Hotkey for selecting transform manipulator type
Smoothing a baked f-curve
Can a link in a node setup be temporarily disabled?
Deselect all objects (also on hidden layers)
3d view turning problem
Store each animation frame as new object
Is there a path finding solution for dynamic maps?
Howto "glue" input fields?
(Placement of hair)Hair particles ignores Weight Paint and Vertex Groups
blender volume material has opaque surface
Is there an easy way to read an image file to create ingame map data?
Some Materials Not Rendering, But They Are Applied
Can you use a face to slice other faces?
Render 3 dimensional scalar field
How to build building that is made of small pieces - how to correctly put rigid body over rigid body?
vanishing displacement maps shortly after baking
Import key configuration error -- simple problem?
rendering a rigged 2D character
What setting locks local rotation and scaling of an object?
How to remove animation from duplicated object?
Imported CAD .stl models behaves "strangely" with the modifiers
Add baked texture to render (Cycles)
Use quaternions/remove gimbal lock from blender view
What do operator methods do? (poll, invoke, execute, draw & modal)
The Texture on a mesh moves in animation
What does a red background for filename mean in an Image Texture node?
How to select the entire object on edit mode
How to trigger script after changes in graph editor?
Add new parametric curve object/type using Python
How to mirror in sculpt mode?
3d Textures from Flat texture
Zooming into the scene slowing down and stops (not in camera mode)
How to create a 3D model of an object and then put it on the Internet in a 3D viewer
BGE: How to make an object leave [skid]marks on another object
Hide specific wire line
Unwanted keyframe in dope sheet
How to assign a specific weight to vertices? (instead of painting it)
Export Blender Character animation to Cinema 4D Lite
I can't see objects added from the menu
How can vertex paint be rendered?
What are the available attributes in the attribute node?
bpy.ops.object.select_inverse() removed from Python API?
How to make independently editable copies of the same node group?
Part of the geometry disappears when in edit mode
Hard edges and curved surfaces
How can you color smoke based on the smoke's temperature?
How to access/edit information about included audio files?
How can you align two vertices relative to a global coordinate when you want to preserve the orientation of the edges that contain them?
Python: Blender does not print error
Why are my render animation pictures after frame 100 only gray?
How to add detail to a mesh without subdividing all of it
Rendering and materials are black
How to switch texts in Text Editor by script
Particle system removes my particles when I render
Recommended Version for Mac OS X 10.5.8
Controling compositor by python
Is there a way to enter the absolute (not relative) value of a transformation?
Face writing wrong
How to get a list of selected bones
Renders doesn't display in Node Editor while compositing
Ignored blend weights in exported FBX file
Parenting and deformation
How to remove dark spot from render
how to make 3d model of 2d image
How to execute python code before blender operator is executed
Re-linking mesh data while adjusting object transform to undo minor edit-mode tweaks
Python basics: interactive script
Character - Walk not Slide
Keyframing curves' bevel_depth
Dividing a model by intersecting geometry parts
Align Object to Vector using python
Shared Network install / config priority
Blender 3D models give incorrect dimensions
Does blender release the memory when a render is finished?
Rotating & Scaling
Array Modifier duplicating in wrong direction
How to set different aspect ratio per camera in the BGE?
Backfaces give strange results with Fresnel Node in Cycles
Offsetting flames and/or smoke from the emitter
How to I fix a model I build crooked?
Blender stops rendering when objects are rotated?
Bone unwanted rotation when moving IK
How to restrict movement for a length or period of time (logic bricks)?
Rotate the plane about x,y,z axis in Blender
What voxel format is used by blender to store smoke data?
Show animation speed in pixels per second
How to control which edges are selected after beveling operation is complete?
Toggle button to occlude geometry missing
Why does the difference modifier not work on objects with many vertices, but will on a subset of those vertices?
How to draw curved symmetric lines within a shape
retopologizing large irregular ngons
Text won't appear in interface?
How to animate the disappearance of a mesh
Particle System does not stick to the mesh if the mesh is moving (global,local coordinate-system?)
Adjusting rigid body properties for multiple object
How to Interpolate vectors in Python?
Can you use use Loop-Cut tool with ngons?
Problem with mesh after rigging
Painting on OpenEXR MultiLayer images
Child Of Constraint Set Inverse with Python
Altered bone structure & missing bone after FBX export
Moving complex object along bezier path
baking to multiple objects at once with multiple materials
What does the mouse-binding "in-between move" do?
Can delay sensor be use for a distance?
Get access to generator modifier x values for drivers
Cloth Physics hung on pole?
How to make 3D model and UV map from picture
Is the VSE multi-threaded?
modeling cube into cylinder
How can many faces be mapped to a texture?
Cycles: Displacement suddenly stretched
Motion tracking round objects
How to draw custom elements with python?
Blender Camera shows gray circle
Camera switching in blender game engine 2.72
Pose automatically mirrors
How to model a complex shape like this ornate window?
Is there an efficient way to scale UVs on many objects at once?
How can I create a point cloud from the surfaces of a model?
How are bones & armatures connected to the rest of a model?
What is this noisy shadow overlay that stays with the camera?
How to add a custom object entry to the add menu?
How to change mix materials based on how much light they are receiving?
Execute a python function whenever the user interacts with the program
Particle System Dupli Object's Children Not Rendered
Creating a trailer rig
Cannot place the forearm on the correct low position while I'm playing with the armature
How to export Blender models as STL so that they can be printed on a 3D printer
Render displaying frame 1 of cloth simulation instead of baked result visible in the 3D view
My Rig Changes Position in Edit/Object Mode?
Remove from CollectionProperty
Color not showing up and neither is the option
How to create a puffy looking mesh?
Weird joins coming up with subsurf
How can I merge several UV images into one UV image?
Layers tab not showing
How to select all faces that have no texture?
Color from imported OBJ not displayed in Blender
Extrude Along Path (Sharp Corners)?
Cannot find uv option in texture mapping in Blender 2.72
UV project from view: Can foreground items block projected image from proceeding?
What does "Bone location is set in local space" mean?
Standard keyframe animation after soft body/cloth simulation
animate one object into another addon?
UV Vertex using Python?
How to selectively render part of an ocean which is inside a round object?
Texture mapping option disappear in Blender 2.72
Long hair collapses with soft body physics in animation
How can I save memory in cycles when I have a lot of duplicates?
addon "mesh extras" not available in 2.7
Blender View Matrix structure
Getting the active region
Trying to retrieve current frame number for use in Cycles particle age material
A camera representation is missing from my scene. How can I see it?
Using a background image to model in Blender
How to Set/Calculate pole angle of IK constraint so the chain does not move?
Can I get a more fine grained zoom in the UV/Image editor?
Extruding faces
UV Map Scaling Issue
How to wrap / bend an object
Unable to Extrude a Plane
Cycles: Shadeless "Shadow-catcher" Material for Rendering onto Footage
Color differs from Cycles render in Video Sequence Editor
How do I measure a distance between two points?
What is the reason to make quad or triangle faces on a surface?
Blender game bug with Pause menus
Create a configuration window for my add on
Property Panel Custom Popup Menu when user presses hotkey over an input field
Black window flashes then disappears when I start Blender 2.72
Only one object (cube with background image) is rendering after 1st frame
Where can I find the Texture tab?
Can a single F-curve be bound to several properties?
Access the systems clipboard buffer from Python?
render 1 Frame of Big Buck Bunny fails
Applying a texture to a cube shows up in the editor under the texture viewport and doesn't in render
Textures not Baking in Cycles
How to stop ambient occlusion texture baking in cycles from only having black and white color output?
What's the best way to deal with zero-area faces that break normals
Part of model disappears when zooming out
Caps lock to control: not accepted by Blender
UV Distortion on Helicopter
Constrained depth of sculpting
How does Blender Internal work?
Why does my texture look fine in preview but not when rendered?
Modal operator mouse over event
Creating two equidistant edges (two "centered" edge loops)
Ambient occlusion results in reverse / Inverted colours?
Texture view works, but render is without texture
How can I know what render engine a file is made for?
Reading out all operators in a header's menu
How to automatically get a Add-on folder's path regardless of OS?
Blender 2.72 No Cycles Hair Rendering/Settings Tabs
Show image textures in 'material' or 'texture' shading modes in Cycles
How do I cut something in the game engine?
Camera facing backwards when exported as FBX and imported to Fusion 7
How to merge images into a single strip
displacement map overlap at sharp edges
How to make Gems/Emeralds look like this in Cycles?
How do you make objects not collide and pass through each other?
wrong image texture keeps being applied
What is wrong with this OSL shader?
Why does the material show 'unexpected' transparency effects?
Animating facial expressions when using a Normal map
Automatic weight paint error when trying to rig a bow
other objects push on bone controlled surface?
Get π in python scripted expression for a driver?
How come when I render my animation, the audio is clipped when I stitch together the pieces?
Mesh gets out of sync while in edit-mode (Python)
Where is the surface emission for materials to create a light source from a plane?
How to snap the center of a face to another face?
How to get vertex snapping to snap to one vertex
Export Blender Particle System Hair To Three.Js
Snap vertices without overlapping
BGE : Access a Nurbs path from python
Can you use multiple rigs in Blender
Composition Input render layer
How to lock elbow rotation (forward kinematics)
Mesh not deformed correctly and armature not attached to it even if the weight colors are good
Show an image in a panel/window
Set origin to vertex in edit mode?
How to merge 4 adjacent, coplanar faces into a single face
How would I simulate a jellyfish on the ground?
How to setup a heat haze effect in the compositor
How do I get rid of white outlines around objects in Blender Internal Render Engine?
animation render playback hidden on OS X
How to pan UV map with mouse movement in UV Editor
Center text in Game engine with python
how to color in 'wave' procedural texture (cycles)
How can I give a single object multiple colors in cycles?
Blender NPR: flat shader that shows depth?
Align view in quadview mode
Create custom physics for an object with python
Does Blender have a software-limited amount of RAM it can use?
Plugin Licences
What are the hotkeys to navigate the timeline?
Is there a way to check a mesh for problems?
Creating a Video for DVD
Casting shadows on baked objects
Adding Blender Datapaths together as strings and then executing the resulting string
Rigid Body breaking links of chain
What is happening to Suzanne's eyes during this use of the Boolean modifier?
set temDir and outputpath via python script
How to enable internationalization? (translations)
Break end of cloth mesh into particles in an infinite looping animation
Spawn object after animation finishes in Python
Animating scale of edge loop to cover texture, not stretch
Ctrl Alt Numpad 0 keeps moving my object?
How to keep the view from snapping to another location when exiting camera view?
How to get adjacent vertices of a vertex? (with Python)
Node single property variable not working?
Shader: Rounded edge between the two intersecting faces?
Jagged edges when baking in cycles?
How to get a square brush in texture paint?
Problem with normal map display in glsl texture paint mode
Best way to transfer weight groups between two meshes with same topology?
Function that fit a cube to 8 selected vertices
Strange artifacts on rendering hard surface modeling
Can not close windows in interface
Morph a ball into another (Terminator T1000 style)?
Why had my rendering stopped working?
Creating a custom property with named values
What is the fastest way to merge similar uv islands
Cell fracture ruins the texture UV
How can I rig this kind of mechanical, kinematic setup?
Apply new rotation and location to entire Animation
Object contours in depth maps
Per-Viewport Settings vs Global Settings
My custom timer is cancelled when loading a *.blend file
How can a Normal Map affect the look of a model?
scaling a circular shape while keeping its thickness
Change start time of camera following a path?
Dissolving faces on objects with holes?
How to get to the pie menus?
Which object should be selected when selected to active is check for texture baking?
Why is the base of the object fading in and out during rendering?
Is it possible to render modifiers at preview settings?
Historical city reconstruction workflow
how to make a scene with characters linked to renderfarm?
How to use Node Editor for the Video Sequencer?
Dotted line on curve?
Texture also applying to separated object
Change pivot point without moving the current position?
Making an Interface in blender game engine
transparency texture not showing other object?
How to make a popup Menu in the BGE?
How to make a fullscreen toggle button in the BGE?
Randomly switch camera and start animation with Python
Is there a shortcut to repeat the last operation in Blender
Cycles multiple material and multiple importance sample light
Removing alpha from PNG image with set alpha node gives pixelated result
Is there an unsubdivide function in Blender?
Is there a way to copy UVs between maps on the same object, or merge maps into one?
Move object in inches instead of feet?
How to check how much GPU memory is used by object?
How to get all images for an image sequence? (from Python)
Blender not saving changes to object's origin point
How to disconnect selected mesh geometry?
Follow up of normal mapping problem in GLSL
Option flags for custom properties (bpy.props)
Can shapes with rounded corners be extruded with even thickness?
Keep the bevel modifier from creating ngons and tris
Set normal orientation of origin
How to play My Blender Game in a webbrowser?
Game Engine: Object with character physics shakes for some reason
Can you paint parts of an image onto another image?
How to make gauges for racing game?
Cycles artifacts
How to change mirror part way through making object without changing object?
Is their a way to move multiple vertices gradually at a time?
How do I make car acceleration in my game?
How do I use soft body and the ocean modifier to make a random screensaver?
Clamp velocity along local axis
Push faces together
Eyes/ Double Transform
Text appears as string of boxes
Importance of keeping meshes low-poly
Make MouseLook actuator follow rig
Some mesh-edges in object-mode aren't displayed
Why is my FK-rig behaving weird when animating?
Cycles Not Rendering Specified Samples
How do I apply the texture to my object?
Grid Floor Axis Not Aligned With Zero?
Node setup for combining baked Diffuse Indirect, Direct, and Color passes
How to Place the Right Seams for UV Unwrapping
How to load older versions of a blend file?
Twist rope around an object
How do I find out what tool a shortcut is triggering?
How to get objects from different files into one file?
How to warp flat svg image
How to Make a image repeat in cycles
How to bend blocky arm into torso?
How to make nice race game camera?
How to create a cage for baking?
What are face normals?
What does the mapping type do on a mapping node?
How to convert edge selection to outer edges only?
What's the difference between Normal and True Normal?
When changing bevel on curves, the curves disappear
How to make car AI in my game?
Can't add nodes from custom nodes template
Exchanging parts between two objects
Overlapping faces in mirror modifier causing z-fighting
Why does my Ambient Occlusion bake and Exported UV Layout have color from my materials?
How fracture an object into spinters like it's made of wood?
How to change highlight color for icons in outliner panel
How to animate A curve segment?
How can the Levels compositor node be used?
Join bones in a armature?
Might it be possible to use scripts in blender to do what Mandelbulber does?
Texture not appearing while in object mode
How to game-render a mesh through/behind other?
How can I rotate an object's coordinate system without rotating the object?
Level editor in BGE
How to get a object mask as part of the alpha channel?
What is the expected format fo scripted drivers?
Is possible to calculate the shortest distance between two geometry objects via python?
How to add vertex precisely at crossing edges?
Too much aliasing on normal map
Updating curve handles by location of other objects
Render Conversion (Cycles to Blender Render)
Movie clip node in cycles
.blend file size much larger after OpenGL Render
Decimate multiple objects at once
Save unpacked blender file
No audio output in rendered video file
Black objects in cycles render
Blender crashes when I click domain in the options for smoke
Add scratches to a material in Cycles?
Collision groups and mask?
Bevel tool creating intersecting faces
How to Install Three.js Exporter in Blender 2.72b
What is hitNormal for the ray sensor
How to pan my view around in a blender game?
Armature rotates in blender upon exporting as fbx [Still not working]
Change pole angle without affecting mesh
animating transformation of one object into another
Blender Image compression from command line
"Cannot execute boolean operation"
Armature moving points for no apparent reason
How to fill element with color in texture painting?
why when I rotate a point in a curve all the points is rotating?
Particle system is not using density vertex group
What does 'Autorun disabled' statement mean?
Using Blender to investigate the cast of shadows from an object onto a specific point in space
3d Manipulator not working
How to make my standalone game not require blender installation?
GPU rendering is equal to or slower than CPU rendering
Can render smoke & fire in view port with [Alt A] but no fire and only smoke on render [F12]
Manual Unwrap Warping Seams
Too Many Samples = Unrealistic?
Node "Recipe" For Asphalt?
What happens to linked objects when you choose to pack external data
Why will Blender sometimes not select the object under the cursor
Prevent meshes from clipping into each other
Inverting Vertex Colors?
Looping Hook Modifier Assignment
Armature - cannot rotate finger
Mirror vertex groups
How to Return Camera View Back to the Origin?
After I have removed vertices, error says "loop in parent"
How to emit hair particles from other hairs
Licensing game in BGE
Problems while creating a City using the OpenStreetMap maps
Is there any significant difference between 2.67 and 2.73 in terms of 3D printing?
Bone heat weighting: failed to find solution for one or more bones after i remove doubles
How can I use multimedia keys for keyboard shortcuts in Linux?
Can't find 'blender' module?
How to manipulate a smoke simulation to look like a realistic candle flame
Measure object depth with ray_cast
How to IK rig legs
Is there a way to switch the mesh selection mode by a shortcut?
Center View to cursor not working?
How can we animate a ball rolling over a path?
How to obtain a precise stroke in dynamic topology?
Can't see vertex groups
How to make a texture always upright relative to the global Z?
How to trigger something when a game property equals a (certain value)
Surfaces not being illuminated
Get object data for previous frame in driver?
How to properly texture sculpted model
Animate object on arc trajectory
Ruining a script via module vs script mode in the BGE
Play .mov or .avi in BGE
Weird connecting lines with no edges/vertices
Know when edit-mode is entered by script? (python)
Blender always adds a .blend extension to my image, and can't be opened
Plane won't show in camera/render
One object, lots of materials
What is the correct context for applying a new particle setting or override it?
How to change material's color in blender game engine?
Is it possible to export a multiplayer game from BGE?
Apply modifier to multiple objects?
Check status of Caps Lock in Python
Adding pole bone to IK ignores IK constraints
How can I combine two render layers?
Replacing all mesh elements in a Mesh object
Why does the frame range setting behave differently when using multiple scenes in the Video Sequence Editor?
How do you make clothes move along with model
How do I make settings in 1 scene affect other scene?
How to avoid objects intersecting eachother
Blender how to make save game in exact directory?
How to know when object are deleted?
how would I make a brightness level option?
Lightmap strange bleeding
switching timeline frames in logic editor (help)
How to increase the strength of a baked fcurve?
How to make a button that changes lamp energy in BGE?
My object is missing when i turn on alpha
Draw points on screen with bgl? (python)
Baking error no UV coordinates
How to add a driver via python?
How to correctly bake glossy/reflection from camera POV?
How to fix armature distorting my mesh?
Rendering an animated Normal Map using Orthographic Camera in cycles
How can I access history list? (python)
Lighting for a outdoor scene in cycles
Delete unused Empty
How do I Download an External File from URL and Display Progress in a Panel without blocking the UI?
How do you import a rigged character from one blender file to another?
How can unwanted rotation of hair particles be avoided?
Mirror material works in blender but does not work in standalone game?
how to match deinterlaced video to audio using Blender VSE
Shadows in camera tracked scene
How can I properly form text from particles?
Python - Baking vertices position for a frame range
How to make a rope in the BGE?
Automatic baking followed by a render for animation
Delete Keyframes in Rig
Replace Game Property with Variable
rendering textures
Bullets fall with gravity issue
UV Maps not preserved after Boolean Modifier
Visualize some edges of a mesh with Blender (or MeshLab)
Construct a cuboid as a minimum bounding box with native dimensions that work in a mathutils analysis
Totally white shadeless material in Cycles?
How can i put a Force Field between two items for Keyed particles?
BGE: How can I make a hostile animal artificial intelligence?
Change speed between particles appearing/dissapearing?
NLA animation changes on every render
Render queue, more layers?
Setting up materials for export to Collada
How to use multiple particle types in a particle system?
Is there a way to change the particles from the second item on a keyed particle animation?
Proper Vandal's Script
Applying Edge Split Creates Double Vertices
Bullet doesn't fire towards expected direction
New window without creating a new Screen object
Why isn't my car reaching it's target?
What would be some approaches to get low noise images from cycles with given render time for indoor scenes?
How to make a game autosave and autoload
Why are my particle settings grayed out?
Is it possible to use proportional editing without affecting or hiding nearby vertices
Can I use Nurbs curves as the bone display custom shape?
Why does my model become partially transparent when using the alpha channel to control transparency?
My Blender sculpt brush subtract mode color is set to blue but shows white instead. Why is that?
How can I add a cube?
Why isn't parent offset visible? Any tools to help?
Cycles Material: How to make a UV image not tile?
How can I spawn a moving object in BGE?
Blender python math operations on vertex
How to create splash of a ball falling on water?
Rendering stopped updating
Global / Local View is returning view
How to white out screen with a flare
How to rotate individual objects in an array modifier around their own origins
change the global variable value from function in bge?
How can you change the curve resolution of hair particles?
RNA definition type in user preference > input , how can I change this?
How to change objects texture using python in BGE?
BLAM Camera Calibration Wrong Z-Axis?
How can I find out what an operator requires from context?
Texturing a sphere mesh?
Can a material be keyframed on a per-object basis?
Smooth Player Movement?
Can Blender unbridge (unloop) a mesh?
32 bit iMac, will 64 bit run properly?
How do I add a rigidbody to an object with python?
Get UV coordinates of a 3D point , without actually applying a texture
Weird shading effects when rendering at long distance
Wierd mesh deformation ( maybe a Duplicate? )
Blender search boxes -using multiple keywords
Cycles texture stretching past the edge
How to swap between several objects?
How to increase the render distance (fire)
Video editing, encodeing, rendering. Video Always Flickers
How to export smoothing groups made with Auto Smooth?
In cycles, do negative lights actually remove light or are they casting "Black" light?
Rotate Vector/Point with Python
Possible to put XBOX 360 Controller inputs with logic bricks?
Messed up textures, can't paint most of model
How to export animations to use in an Android app
Can't modify objects after creation in object mode
Noise in rendered image
Why does my render always turn pink on the 10th frame?
How do I make BGE recognize multiple XBOX Controllers?
Error extruding loop selection along individual face normals
What's the Benefit of Using Layer Weight?
Is it possible to simulate an adjustable lamp's limbs using armatures/bones?
Unexpected workspace change?
How would I create an arch?
Is it possible to create a modal operator with a modal keymap in Python?
Coil Mechanism for Vending Machine
Why is my camera pan not rendering
How can I extrude a dome from a circular face?
How to add textures to a collada file imported from Fuse
How to make visible an object from different layer in bge
Why there's not homogeneous volume scatter in 2.72?
Inverse Kinematics - saving, loading file and showing animation in BGE
How to change an object's material or texture with python script in blender game and for it to be visible?
My bullets dont make the enemy die?
How to display a reference image in a new window?
How to make an animated model jump in BGE
Import polygons with predefined coordinates
Infinite Tunnel Droste effect
How to render lightning in Cycles
blenderplayer.app won't open
Gravity: How can i change z axis direction?
What is causing the edges of my models to become semi-transparent?
Knife Project - Extrude through thickness?
Is there a way to re-bake only the end part of an existing bake?
What is the fastest way to create a 90° joint?
How does the bend tool work?
What's a good strategy for designing a room with multiple objects in it?
Blender Game Engine - Shadeless Textures?
my model doesn't move from the origin, or moves or rotates ONCE and then returns to the origin
How to view the system console message after Blender crashes?
Can blender game engine hide vertices that are not visible to the camera?
Something like on_gizmo_click_on / on_gizmo_click_off?
turn on Cycles GPU render on non CUDA computers
How to check if object is cycles light source?
Rename Node Sockets
Through-walkable object with collision!
Having rigid bodies sliding off an animated object
How do you make bullets do damagein the BGE?
Collision Bounds Problem
Make modifiers update in the game engine
Undo cursor move?
Render_pre handler should run operator with transfrom_apply
issue with mirrior modifier
How to combine low sample renders?
Cycles advanced shader ball?
4 fast cores or 6 slower ones?
Moving a ball forward, mechanical force
is there an easier way to use a still from a movie as a texture?
How to copy/paste rigid-body-constraints in 2.73 rc1?
How to add more geometry via animation?
Time Displacement in Blender?
How to turn on the horizontal scroll bar in text editor
How to change direction of view by Python?
Object selection problem in 3D view
Given the local coordinates of a parented object, how do I get its global coordinates using the Python API?
Makehuman 1.0.2 Blender tools issues in Blender 2.72b
How can I render an image with sharp and uniform color edges?
Video/Animation choppy in the VSE
why can't blender read a movie which blender has itself rendered?
Tips for better image quality (Video Editing)
Exporting to Max from Blender 3D distorts the mesh
Is there a way to hide the masking lines when using Texture Paint with masking enabled?
How to import a Wavefront .OBJ with Blender 2.73's bpy API?
Add animation to armature which is already animated
Rendering an external smoke/fluid simulation in Blender
BGE: How to apply colour to a certain face with python?
How to customise (add properties to) existing Blender data?
Alpha image or model?
Why multiple blender animations are not showing up in unity when imported
The zoom function with the mouse wheel sometimes zooms uncontrollably
addon parameters are not editable
Game textures are low resolution after exporting
Remove vertex while using knife tool?
Texture not Showing in Rendering
How to render an animation at a higher framerate?
Unwrap UV map proportionally to object size
How to model this branched sculpture?
How do I delete an armature but keep the baked pose?
How to turn off texture painting mode where your brush cursor lags behind your mouse position?
How to place any object on the 'floor' of a scene?
How can renders be matched up in Blender?
How to make game, made with the BGE, without having to provide source code of the game?
How do I make a square when the existing edge is not alined to any of the axes?
OSL shader issue, could not find include file: node_texture.h"
Found the same (BMVert) used multiple times
Pulling armature from hierarchy?
Strange shadows on mesh following curve
How can I make a 3D wireframe object hollow?
Materials not applying how the appear in preview (after rendering)
How to control which edge loop is selected?
How to export list of prop values as txt to a certain folder? And how to import them back?
Bake won't look same as render
Different render per layers?
How to create a gradient texture?
How to add thickness to a curve?
BGE: How to change camera's focal length?
How can I add a material to a curve like a regular mesh?
How can I make a curve higher resolution?
Trouble with Proportional Editing
How can I make a Bézier curve have sharp and curved points?
How can i hide the references lines on a bezier curve?
Blender automatic weights distorting mesh
Is it possible to import a Maya file into blender?
How to curve an already made curve?
Mesh with cloth simulation not responding to wind
Is it possible to branch a Bezier curve randomly?
Viewport position and direction
How can I hide unused node sockets?
What does the radius vector do on an SSS shader?
xps model hair transparency in cycles
Fixing unclean Normal map on round shapes?
Mirror modifier mirrors on different axis/axes from the selected one(s)
Is there a timeout/max capacity in blender's phyton scripts?
How to manage the shapekey's position faster?
How can I get the viewport in rendered shading mode to update in real time during vertex painting in cycles?
What units does the cycles SSS scattering radius use?
Blender Ivy export as DAE
Particles render in viewport, but not in final
Import Image as Plane imports only part of the image
connected polygon map
Particle Rendering problem (looks like a texture rather than particle)
Unwanted deformation by changing the pose of armature
What does left clicking in the 3D view do?
Help with IK Rigging
What are the new 3D cursor features introduced in 2.73?
How can I add a vertex at the center of a circle?
Custom Pie Menu B3D 2.72b
How to compile a stop motion movie in the VSE with python?
Video Speed Changes when rendering
Can't unhide objects
Can't find the palette to alter new objects
How to easily toggle a Boolean property?
How to animate a bone from it's current position - no matter which one - to a specific one?
Glossy Text shader material on soft toch paper
How can I see a preview of the sequence of PNGs in the VSE?
Is it possible to export both an animated object and camera from Maya to Blender together?
Which is more efficient for performing simple actions, Python, or Logic bricks?
Wireframe only when rendered
I'm trying to install this add-on: blender_mmd_tools
Volume emitter that is more intense towards the outside of the object
Disable snapping for knife tool cut?
FBX import not rendering textures, though look linked properly
How do I display what keys I use?
Transfer Python code from Blender Render to Blender Game Engine
How to make my particles go backwards?
How can I create a complex curve?
How can I align the handles of control points from a curve?
Problem moving selected UV islands with Python
Keyframing Constraints - Is it possible?
How to select how many subdivisions will a curve have?
Add a simple vertex via python
camera movement for game?
Bone Driver Update Fails
Problem with MMD warping animation
How to properly add a chrome-like material in cycles to a thin object?
Can I have two different UV unwrappings of the same object?
Array modifier with rotation value?
Create curved meshes without using Paths?
Why won't Blender let me import .svg files?
Rendering a Water Drop in Cycles
Select vertices of mesh in python
When I unwrap an object for texturing with custom seams, sometimes I get strange streaks while painting. How can I fix this?
Is there a way I can display live/real time webcam video in the Motion Tracker?
How to render model with plain cartoon like colors
Is it possible to set the Output name based on the current Timeline marker?
how can I make droplets placed on a cup properly?
Is there a way to execute code before Blender is closing?
Blender 2.7 Background image not working
is it still not possible to delete folders in the file browser?
Unwrap Curved Flat Stripe
Premade Materials in Blender render?
black objects when rendering scene (BI)
Understanding colliders
Always render the visible objects
Way to batch hide for render?
How do I get the console on windows?
Symetrical bevel
Curve tools: is there an add-on to join overlapping curves?
What is the differance between Linking and Appending an external blend?
How to combine renders from multiple cameras
How to make the file manager default to sorting by modification date?
Can I get an IK constraint w/ stretch to only scale bones on their Y axes?
How to run a script before rendering
How can I use an image texture as a guide for weight painting?
Why can't I import a SVG file from Adobe Illustrator or Inkscape?
How do I duplicate an armature and rig?
How do texture coordinates work?
How to properly render a curve/thin object in Cycles?
Linking the color of one mesh to a second mesh
What options are there for high quality transparent file types?
How can i change a curve to have the same proportions on all its vertices?
Texture behaves weird on a plane
how to get texures with models from 3ds max into blender
Edit multiple meshes at once?
How can I name a layer?
How to animate rotation of a movie clip in the compositor
Mesh Array Modifier with Fit Curve modifier strings objects through center, not origin
How to set up an incline
Blender Documentation
Repurposing vector (speed) render layer for optical flow
Bad GTX 970 Performence
GMIC FILTER OVERLAY?
How come I can't rotate?
How to deform a mesh based on bone rotation?
Getting raw data from object track
How to pick target texture image for baking?
How to simulate a sheet of paper in Blender Game Engine?
How can I control where smoke and fire are emitted from?
How to make a script run when a file is opened
How to select all faces with the same material?
Add a ''glossy'' material for Blender render?
How to make the Glossy material in Blender not too dark?
Script to make copies of a shape key, each one with an isolated translate channel
clear ID Properties completely
HDRI not being reflected on Cycles
Reflection of HDRI in Cycles not working?
Imported 3D scan displays texture in editor, but renders without texture
Trouble file StringProperty subtype FILE_PATH
Baking object with "combined" results in much too bright an Image Texture (Cycles)
Moving animations between computers
Seamless looping animation
In the game engine why do variables link clists from globalDict instead of copying them?
Batch generate preview/thumbnail image for old files?
subdivide at line at the selected location (vertex) of that line?
How to achieve uniform thickness with no breaks when extruding faces?
Is it possible to disable menu items in custom menus?
Can I OpenGL render a quad view?
How to subtract alpha channel from another alpha channel?
Blender for Mathematics Visualization
UV coordinates on a deformed plane
Updating 3d model respecting existing material
Why is this happening when I bake physics to keyframes?
Weird error preventing me from export after I move vertex/face/edge
Why image distorted by UV Map node is like lowres on output?
Can I change the display color of names of grouped objects in the viewport?
Mesh not following linked bones
Guidance on how to set a plane to look like the sea during a storm
Cyclic orbit animation
Export error with addon
Is there any tool for fast exporting to unreal engine 4?
How to execute a method from the console
Quickly fill in quads?
Does one scene affect other scenes?
How to select different bones while in weight paint mode?
find the closest vertex to a point in space
Find a corresponding point on a transformed Mesh
Mesh displayed as dots
Where is the startup file stored?
Starting Blender via Java-Code and autorun a script
Showing the volume using 3D Printing Toolbox
Blender 2.63 doesn't support playback:'Blender'?
Importing time-dependent mesh
How do I make a material with transparency have a foggy illusion?
Copy Logic bricks between states
UV Unwrapping a Modified Model
How to pack all linked data inside the current .blend file
Populating an EnumProperty using a Function
Speed up Cycles Render: Only calculate whats visible to the camera
Trying to map UV texture, but shape turns black every time
Dvorak keyboard mapping?
How can I cut off tip of a cone?
Set the frame on an armature
File-based inputs to rigid-body animations
Is it possible to blur an Input value in the Cycles material node editor?
Object looses its scale on keyframe change
How do I reconnect a linked .blend file?
OBJ file imported renders without texture
How to put a unique material on duplicated objects separately?
How to launch render from command line with load trusted option?
Mirror modifier distort ambient occlusion texture on mirror axis
Animating for interchangeable model parts?
Mesh partly shows wireframe upon texturing
How could a lightsabers bright core be maintained when motion blurred?
Blender Texture Bake Problems
Control custom properties
Cycles texture bake differs from rendered appearence?
How do I eliminate a harsh lighting issue on my cylindrical glossy model?
How to make the shapekey influence separate object's position?
Extrude faces of an icosphere from a python script
Rendered aspect ratio different from the viewport's camera view
Actual speed of object on curve
Make a PNG into a mesh?
Object append. Location is random
Have particles come from faces
Change color with object rotation
Get updated mesh data after editing
lines while importing .dae files
What are the system requirements for working with heavy/complex scene in Blender?
Cycles pynode which outputs object's properties
How to set camera horizontal and vertical FOV
How to batch remove zero-weight vertices from vgroup?
How to assign a new material to an object in the scene from Python?
Control Cycles material nodes and material properties in Python
Add an image to an object
export animation to fbx or md2
How to automatically render from several camera angles?
Closing useless areas with python
How to view subdivision lines in 3d perspective grid?
RegionView3D from Region object and vice versa
How to render the movie texture in the Open GL viewport rendering?
Cycle through camera views
How to add backdrop images for py nodes?
How to access a class from blenders python console?
.blend1 File Function
Texture only works in solid view version 2.7
Unable to split an edge as expected
How to get mirrored tiling in Cycles?
Why does Blender crash when I select Skin for my 3D model?
Extract x,y,z coordinates of different bones using .bvh?
Can I render to a custom output file format?
Problems rendering a sword
How to move or slide an image in VSE
Modify a blend file via console outside of GUI
Curve modifier only follows first Spline of a Curve Object
Make material looks less 'shiny'?
What is a shadow ray?
How do I mirror across anything other than X, Y, or Z axis?
Fill space between inner mesh
file browser by python in blender
Several Missing Tools
stretched movie when masking?
Is there any disadvantage to using smoke adaptive domain?
Ways to create a cylindrical shell (annular volume)?
Need help installing addon on mac
How to save animation as a video format
See through object in Blender game engine
Noise in Blender Internal Smoke Sim?
How to remove some sort of constraint?
why .stl-model in blender differ from .stl-model in makerware?
Get events without running modal
How to reduce Cycles logging output?
How to get rid of opened duplicate window
Mismatch between 2.69 and 2.72 interfaces for Video Sequence Editor window
How can I make a ramification with curves?
What is the shortcut to close up / zoom to face / vertex / edge while modelling?
cycles visibility for multiple objects
Export Problems!
blender game engine, spot lamp shadow problem
Add a glow effect around the Earth
Why is the Texture Paint layers manager not switching slots
How can i stretch part of a geometry with a modifier?
Why is one face on my model gray instead of orange in edit mode?
How can lines be smoothed in Freestyle?
How can i make a translucent material on Cycles?
How to bake softbody animation into keyframes?
Textures not appearing on autodesk models when I import them
Rig not moving mesh correctly
What is this kind of material?
Move object continuously after being triggered by near sensor
Is there a way to disable the grid in orthographic view?
How would you go about reading a .blend file? I mean all of a .blend file, not just the .obj information
HDRI / Spherical Images display in view port?
How to control the direction a bone rotates?
Is there a way to change brush fuzziness in paint mode?
Smooth shaded model has odd shading
Reconstruct 3D model from multiple 2D images
Face behavior not equal after loop cut
How to visualize a value resulted from math node?
Ambient color of material
Is there any way to apply a modifier to multiple objects in order to make an animation?
Duplicate Modifier parameters in other objects?
Is there any way to randomize the keyframes position for multiple objects?
Assign Material Slot to no material via python
How to render as only wireframe in Cycles?
Render being cropped?
How can I get Blender to just do Matcap shading for the selected object?
CollectionProperty - change item's index
Using SVG to put label on bottle
Blender scripting- How do I link Nodes?
How can i control the extrude size of a curve while creating it?
How can I add a detailed material/texture to a curve?
And/Or controller combinaton
Animate alpha in Cycles nodes
Is there a table for visual properties of common elements?
Background image not showing up in any 3-D view
Change step size for rotation input?
Emission shader color saturation clipping
Adding color to models
How to use array to create circular array without spiralling
How to copy BGE logic from one object to another using script?
Render 3D mesh to 2D SVG export
Can someone definitively describe the difference between the sculpt flatten, polish, and smooth brushes?
Is there a modifier to transform proportionally along a circle? (for tri-lateral symmetry)
What does texspace_location and texspace_size mean? in the blender Mesh Data
Motion blur on texture
Can I remove link conncetion of Materials and Meshes, without opening .blend file in Blender?
Rendering artifacts in blender internal
How to make a ''Follow Curve'' animation more harmonious?
How can I add displacement to part of a material in Cycles?
Proxy is built for deleted strip instead of short segment
Custom hard edges in Blender
Cloth Simulation : Self collision results in cloth "exploding"
How to make Sapling addon settings reappear?
Display frame rate during playback
Any way to keep the kind of ilumination on preview for rendering?
Is it possible to make the default scene fill two monitors at startup?
Index Error: bpy_prop_collection[index]: index 0 out of range, size 0
How to Add a Shader to a Specific Part/Area of an Object?
Bake Path Animation
How to see Cycle's material transparency in 3D View
Keyframes Disappear
Map equirectangular image to sphere?
Xparts and Yparts Blender 2.63 or 2.72
exporting to .3ds changes the scale
Bone moves the entire mesh
How to make a true linear quaternion rotation?
How to connect nodes very fast using shortcut?
What are the security risks of leaving "Trusted Source" checked?
Practicality of fade-in/out transforms in Blender
Way to color shade selected object
Register Object inside of Another Object
(sfm) How can I resize bones in 3 axises of models when editing .smd files in blender
Edge won't go away, no matter what I try, and it can't be selected
How to change the origin/pivot point of a parent of many objects
Trying to dissolve edge, but sometimes blender brings the origin to a face instead and doesn't dissolve the face. REALLY annoying!
How do I find the exact meeting point of 2 lines?
Is there a way to paint text onto a texture in Blender?
Can I use Source Filmmaker models in Blender?
3D tube with sharp corners and uniform radius?
Downloaded a character model that has a skeleton but need help so i can pose it
How do the H.264 encoding settings work in blender?
Normal map baking creates distorted normal
disappearing skin_vertices after assigning new mesh to object
Use alpha of one texture node to mask another texture node
Why no AO darkening mode in cycles?
List of hot Keys for Mac Mini. OS X10.6.8
Can my unwrapped UV be scaled outside of the UV grid?
How to divide double faced mesh?
Is there a function to fix edge length in Blender?
Bend rectangle along its long axis
Zoom with camera in an animation
Anyone have camera specs for the iPhone 6 Plus?
Need advice for creating a simple scene with very large dimensions
Texturing object
Jump/Scroll to selected object in the outliner?
Vortex with particle system without tornado effect for snowstorm scene
Is it possible to add a driver to a vertex position?
Multiple smoke flows in one domain, with different colors
Hide panels with python
Cutting a mesh with another mesh
Accessing illumination of face/polygon in python API
Composting/Post processing animation
Layers messed up
Is it possible to repeat a geometry pattern along the lenght of a curve?
Adding an image to a mirrored object
How can I subdivide this plane into even squares?
Deleting the insides of model/ hollowing it
Is there any way to use instances using Array modifier?
How can i activate the wireframe on preview while in solid mode?
How do I exit a node group?
how access to new vertices after bmesh.ops.bisect_edges?
How can i edit a follow path constraint with the graph editor?
How can I change the Render Regions background display mode?
What is the best way to animate the camera path?
Extrusion creates black artifacts
Animated objects as hair particles
Material not showing texture data
How to smooth camera animation to have fluid feel?
vertices with similar weights not moving at same speed
Wireframe node has no effect on bumpmap
How can I preserve texture details when viewed from a distance?
Combine animation actions into one?
Is it possible to take a mask clip and 'connect' it to a specific point on a moving object?
Creating Bullet Trail in Cycles
Texture invisible
Using 2D / 3D textures with volumetrics?
Shape key morphing between two meshes with different vertices
How do I fix distortion in Render?
IK Solver Won't Bend Knees Except Backwards -- Rolling Bones Not Helping, Constraints Not Helping
Saving texture painted material externally?
How can I change the color of a material using Python script?
Creating cycles background light (world lighting) from Python
how to keep sharp points using subdivison surface
How do I setup an emission map for blender internal?
Simplyfying a lot of cubes
Blender Netrender jobs stuck in queue
Is there any "Show Brush On Surface" option in sculpt mode?
Quickly align edge loop?
Modelling a rocket
How to rig a skeleton so that it can be controlled with physics?
Is it possible to move vertex along the blender focal length
How can I use a node-based texture for smoke flow in Cycles?
Select faces depending on material
Glossy materials not rendering correctly
Dynamically pin cloth when animating
Baking pose in Blender
"Overload" class execute method
Difference boolean modifier leaving interfaces behind
How to create a mirror shader?
Blender use texture on cube side
Need help to recreate a metal material with multiple colors
blender game: spawn object
How can i attach array objects to a curve while animating?
Set resting length for a generic spring constraint
How to show open dialog box that can navigate to blender datablocks
How to move keyframes using Python?
Rigify - pitchipoy Imported mesh collada or wavefront - no mesh movement
Move imported model to the center of the scene via python
How to create a long shadow icon?
In Python, how to set the proper context in order to set the strength of a sun lamp (in Cycles)?
How To Animate Sheathed Weapon. Sheathe, Player And Weapon Are All Seperate Objects
Or controller problem in GE
Operator class retrieval
How do I fix certain parts of my character not moving with the armatures placed?
Coordinates of resolution points of a Bezier Curve
How to reset OpenGl for Solid lighting?
how to determine an errant origin point's object?
Blender v2.72: Rotating an object to a predetermined angle using the cursor as the point of rotation
Modify panel's row after panel has been created
How Can Data Sets Be Pulled From Database into Text Objects or As Parameters for Other Objects
How can I blend a matcap material with a texture
Distorting a 2D image with a rig?
How to fix the deformation when moving a robotic arm?
How to animate a tesseract
Modeling odd shape
Does the compositor have a node that will let me switch between images containing alpha channels?
How to add a group into a node tree with Python
How do I get invoke_props_popup to work?
CUDA error: Launch exceeded timeout in cutCtxSynchronize()
Unable to "Create Plane Track"
How to get objects to follow camera rotation
Blender and pycharm
Render cube map
Python: Ctrl+Click for buttons (capture invocation event)
Compositor result won't show
How to make all faces convex?
Copy Custom Properties from one object to another
Python: mix/interpolate values
Diffuse BSDF texture on cycles doesn't reflect the Hdri in some parts?
Object inner is black with clipping camera for cutaway view - add inner lighting?
How to pixelate a texture in Cycles?
Can I use the the animation/action from one bone on another bone on a later time?
Is it possible to add Noise to a Geometry?
How to place objects on the center of the ground plane via python?
Textures and colors not imported from OBJ file when using Cycles render
Importing OBJ with MTL and Image not working properly
How to fight deep creases/intersecting mesh when sculpting?
How can I copy one side of a rig to the other?
Mesh Repair, "Torn" Mesh with Holes, Shrinkwrap Modifier?
Is it possible to make a copy of a plane track
Distance constraints between objects/vertices/edges
Sliding down slopes
Temporaly set an Armature to Rest Position
Decimating a Mesh that has an associated texture file?
Can motion tracking and Video Stabilization constrain to y axis only?
blender doesn't open when amd gpu driver is installed
How I can define the order of the panels?
How to animate morphing a rectangular plane into a sphere
How can I export an FBX with Textures
How to make a Rigid Body fall off a conveyor belt?
Create a low poly mesh with high detailed textures?
Detect if using retina display from python
VSE: Can I move an audio track in smaller increments than one frame?
help with exporting game as .exe
Can I make a camera use the lens distortion parameters determined by camera tracking?
Time remapping addon and motion blur problem
Create an image node via code
What are the advantages of Rigify versus MakeHuman's MHX rig?
UVs to XYZs python
Shiny Materials Not Showing Up In Render
Given a set of points, build a quad mesh such that each point is in the center of a quad
Set origin to geometry center
Merging mesh parts that use the same texture and shader
Accessing render layer properties in Python: Increasing "vector" output sensitivity
Text doesn't show up in render
Missing texture paint option in blender
bpy.path.abspath is appears to be messing up
How do I increase the audio volume on a video
How to close an open manifold?
Fcurve noise modifier: change settings with python
Reflect point over vector
Quick and Precise Angle Measurement in Blender?
How should a glass material be setup in Cycles?
making texture atlas for only some part of objects
How to project an image from a Cycle's Sun light
Object attribute error when assigning material
Blender Select Random Face But Not Sides
Hide filter options in UIList
Receiving a shadow without casting one?
How do you download a blender addon
How do I delete a Grease Pencil ruler?
Modify obj after import using python
Actuator's Value and Message Sensor's Subject
Can I transfer an already made UV to another object?
Vertex: extract in world relative
Manipulator widget appearing where the 3d cursor is
How to scale unconnected edges using individual origins in python?
Environment texture for background does not show up in node editor
Is it possible to export animations/actions separately from Blender to Unity
Animating particle system
Is there a way to use renderman in blender?
Vertex slide for curves?
Blender animation using MakeHuman files
uv_textures.active.data[0].uv equivalent in Blender 2.7?
How to fix an object in the view (e.g. corner of the monitor)
How to duplicate an object with rig and animation?
Why are there scenes that will not render on GPU but will render fine on CPU?
Using an object as a clipping mask for another object
How to assign vertex groups and bone weights through Blender's Python API?
Use array values from a C++ program in blender
All Faces to Individual Objects
How to see inner structure of an object in blender game engine?
How to flip normals with python in blender game engine?
Best way to animate a robot/turret?
Preview viewport animation at 60fps?
How do I turn off "smart" multiple selection? (3ds Max UI preset)
a single face in an object is shiny in solid mode and showing a strange gradient color in render
F12 render appears pixelated
Object does not cast shadow
Blender will no longer save .tga files
How to take an object with textures applied in nodes and put it into unity
Object doesn't show in camera viewport or on render
why is my rendered image different from what I see in my 3D view?
How can i rotate an item/bone on its own pivot?
Duplicating grease pencil layers?
How can i fade a background/object with black border?
Is it possible to automatically move other strips while dragging another strip?
What does "Show Group Colors" do?
Ungroup a node group while keeping parameters?
Camera setting does not give the expected fisheye result
How to make a texture interact with scene lighting and shadows in cycles
Grease Pencil objects
Setting material node properties across a large number of objects?
Constraint objects to rotate in opposite ways
How to re-scale bone keyframes and objects at the same time?
How to save texture?
How to iterate through the vertices in a polygonal mesh?
Irregularly-shaped rigid bodies and molecular particles?
Unsupported CUDA version 5.0 detected, you need CUDA 6.5
What is the format for object names in Blender and are there any limitations?
Is there a way to prevent Blender from creating .fbm folders when exporting to .fbx?
Limit selection to visible not working in orthographic perspective
How to create Motion Trail in Cycles
Blender game - explosion type motion
how can i get number of joints in a rig
Using 3D Warehouse models in Blender (Sketchup - Collada - Import)
Node setup for realistic transparent plastic
Fill gap after circular cut
How to put a model in a T-pose automatically?
Select individual hairs with Python
Game Engine's bad visualization with layers
How to organize an extensible and reusable object?
Why isn't the modifier icon appearing when an object is selected?
GPU slower than CPU?
How to convert particles to mesh
Exported Blender UV Map is blurry
Creating a torus with more than 256 segments with nearly 1km radius?
Can I set the Brick Texture Node horizontal mortar size to be equivalent to the vertical mortar size?
GreasePencil: can't copy datablock
Creating Inky-looking characters in Blender
Why I am seeing patches of diffirent transparency in this model with GLSL
Follow path constraint deforming mesh
Projecting a 2D road onto a 3D elevation mesh
Thermal deformation of plastic
Is it possible to play the rendered animation backwards continuously via the built in player?
How can I disable the ocean sim modifier's symmetry?
How can I select hundreds of items in the outliner that have similar names?
How can the size of a .blend file be reduced?
Array and curve modifiers behave strangely
What controls are there in the built in player?
Add contrast or saturation to render?
Cycles is not using the materials created by MakeHuman
How can I see two objects' keyframes at the same time on the dope sheet/action editor?
Where do I have to put the Bump on my nodes?
I added a bump to a material, but the color doesn't seem right
How can i make transparent glass like material to put it over another object?
How can you save Blender materials as image files?
What settings affect the final number of samples in Cycles?
How come my keyframes don't show up in graph editor?
How do I extrude all faces a random amount through a python script?
Apply physics to multiple objects using script
multi resolution needed in order to sculpt?
Mix two materials in the Blender Internal Materials Nodes
VSE: How to render a video with audio?
Hard edges during smoothing
Mesh opens at the back
How do I cut a flap using edges or vertices
How to control the angle and range of a light
Rotate Empty on Local X-Axis using Python Script
Unable to import movie
How to create and animate the water reflection (Caustics) on an object?
What should I do to stop blender freezing on start-up, when its okay starting from a double click .blend file
How to change the window type?
Configuration of Cycles fisheye camera
How to create an array of lamps?
Export rigid body location without baking to keyframes
Cycles Green screen?
Map multiple textures to a face individually
Is there a way to preserve unfilled areas in stabilized footage?
How to cut a mesh at the edge?
Blender 3D-View: Objects aspect ratio off
Seeing holes in mesh while in texture mode
Dual Monitors options?
Can a mask stick to a shape in the motion tracker?
Blender 2.73 API Trying to select vertices within region via python
Bending a railway line
Accessing bpy.context gives a '_RestrictContext' warning, how to fix this?
modeling a building from one cube
Bevelling a curve with object
Export cycles material to unity
Edit same property of all selected objects at once?
How to apply a texture during an animation?
align objects on a surface
How to animate a mesh that changes through editing?
How to move objects and create animation with physics using python in blender?
How to only use a texture once?
How to make a walking animation for a character in the BGE on a uneven or steep floor?
Cycles render output solid black images
Hair dynamics stops working after particle edit
How to get the coordinates of the knife tool on an edge (in real time)?
How do I curve a section of a model?
Why when I render my 200 frame animation everything is the world color and not the animation?
Is there a way to introduce a random size for children particles?
Can I replace an object with another object and keep animation?
"Copy to selected" dose not work with curves ? or Nurbs?
Rescaling a baked F-curve to values between 0 and 1
"Copy To selected" How do i copy only the material diffuse colour?
Can I just copy "Z location" to all the selected objects?
Model has strange shade points
Some objects turns black for a couple of frames in Cycles render
Alt-click is not selecting edge loops in lInux
How can i fix the lighting to make the ''glint'' looks like a perfect circle?
How can I know the data paths of certain point of bezier curve?
Some edges on model won't Bevel
How to properly export scene to 3ds Max?
Clicking "OK" on pop up closes Blender
Rotate on a point?
Problem with curve modifier on zipper
access to time or current frame in OSL
Is it possible to make visible spotlight lightrays?
How can I create a profile and rotate it to create a mesh using Blender 2.72?
How do I make a square hole in a cube, and then save it as one mesh?
Why does my model deform so badly when I'm trying to animate it?
It is possible to render a geometry as a blurry object?
Using the Screw modifier, how do I accurately set the axis of rotation?
What causes this deformation when switching to FK mode?
Double-Click-rename on a list item does not call __setattr__
Edge of background image is visible
add "align object to view" to addon
Why am I unable to delete vertices?
Library Linking with compositor and VSE
What is the difference between the two properties panels?
transform texture coords within OSL?
shrinkwrap deforms mesh
Viewport render info from Python
File becomes exponentially bigger after adding 2 objects and remains that big after removing them
Problem with object made from joining objects that both had mirror modifiers
getattribute() in osl is not working
How can I add more reflections to my glass material?
BGE, logic bricks, setting up a timer (that reverses at some point)
Blender and requests PostgreSql
Particle Effect Hair - Grows randomly during animation
When I edit a plane with an image texture it distorts oddly
"Add Sticky" texture option missing in Blender 2.7
Is it possible to make hair particles avoid each other?
Particles update strangely
Smoke and particle system with interpolated children
Is there any way to connect blender to processing?
Changing duplicated object's texture effects the first object's
Can I implement the lattice deformation to an animation?
Is there any marker I can set to see halfway of a mesh? I want to place another object right over
Changing ChildOf constraint influence to 0, but keeping the position it had as a child
Where does a .blend file store its user preferences?
UV mapping problem
Texture painting, zoom pan causes texture to get an offset
How do I increase the max number of frames?
Why i can't re-scale the keyframes from a keyed geometry animation on the dope-sheet?
Using a volumetric spot light, it is possible to hide totally the elements that the light doesn't reach?
How can I export a Blender Animation as a Video?
How can I stop the 3D cursor hopping around when positioned in top, front, and right view?
image texture on plane leaves average color of image in 3d-view
Object appears smoothed after rendering but not in viewport
How to make character-mesh deform naturally when animating?
How to change subdivisions after adding a grid
Plane to only reflect object?
How do I play animations in the game engine?
Is it possible to add keyframes and animate geometry without Shape Keys?
Why is a disconnected bone still following its former parent?
Invalid boundary region to join faces
Why are my UV coordinates distorted?
Change the scale of the viewport
How do I make a plane have a colored material in Cycles while adding thickness?
What is the difference between IK and FK in animation on blender
Cell Fracture, UV Texture Distorted
Blender Material Color in Mitsuba (or any other) Shader
What is the unit of measure with the ruler tool?
UV Mesh Not Unwrapping Correctly
How to connect sharp edge with smooth one?
Python: bend modifier math
Export 3D model from Blender to .U3D for use in PDF file
Make "gaussian laser beam" (object with variable radial emission profile)
Quickest way to create UVs for a tileset using a single tiling texture
In Textured shading mode, texture does not appear on an object unless the object is selected
Camera Prespective under Animation screen layout showing mirror Image
After dissolving faces, subdivide on the face doesn't work
How to get rid of excess vertices lined up in a straight line
Smoke simulator temperature decay
NLA and animation properties
How to export aimation based on IK with a non bone object as target?
How to prevent unused cameras from playing their animations?
Remove Tracking Markers
Are there any tools for making irregular polygons regular?
Edit IPO curve does not work
How can you make the mesh in a 3D view a bit transparent?
How to remove attached scripts files on deleting add-on?
No texture displayed in 3D view
Missing 'Generate' button in Rigify Buttons tab
Close hotkey issue or crash?
Python: Undo/Redo for Modal Mode
How can i make a Glass material that doesn't need any light to shine?
Query grease pencil strokes from python
How to merge overlapping edges into one?
How to delete or hide reflections, bounces and refractions from a geometry on render?
A tube of light in a volume shader
Exporting fbx animations to ue4
My HDRI doesn't appear on Cycles Render
A rectangular-parallelepiped of light in a volume shader
material error exporting model as .3ds used in opengl
How to get the current step number in volume render
Object in pose mode does not translate
How to get back to normal animation timeline after using NLA Editor
Procedural textures not showing in Material view
How can I upload Blender videos to Youtube?
How do I create an oblong torus with a constant thickness?
How do you copy things like rigidbody constraints and force fields to other objects?
Scaling UV map to fit bounds
Rendering hair particles appears grainy
How add dimensions[0] of selected objects?
Blender not rendering full image?
External image editor not found?
Need normalized distance between geometry bounds
How to update appended object/armature, while keeping existing animation?
Need Help Appplying Position of Verticies To another
Weird Black "Shadows" On Rendered Image
Python : Change cursor icon
Exporting fbx animations includes Garbage (UE4)
How do I remap colors in Cycles?
Rigid bodies passing through
How to display all mesh wire in flats faces?
When exporting an H.264 video, why is the resulting file's extension .avi?
Saving Blender Macro to file
Collision Bounds/Mask not working?
How do I select a square area on a cube and extrude it into the plane to add depth?
Can I color the empty space between two objects?
No Backdrop Button in node editor
Animations to Unity3d
Bone Heat Weighting Failed
Import a bvh file and export it to be the same
How to turn off what seems to be an auto extrude
Game Export Tool like in Maya LT Update 2
How to loopcut a Square-based Pyramid?
Selecting masked objects
Uses of the 3D Cursor
Why my blender user preferences input panel is blank?
Why does the view transformation controls become frozen sometimes?
Affect explode modifier with force field
Material Editor: Generate mask from color ID texture
Blender FBX import issue - normals/shading
How can I bake to a texture a floor
How to place image in a surface
how do I get the 'tool' back to my selection?
Export a model from Blender to Cryengine
Environment choice for a color-only objects
what are these scribble controls called?
Zooming in to a selection of vertices with the period key does not work as expected
Capsuling a tube shape in a volume
Coordinate of each part of body in .mhx
How to make objects independent?
Why use bone as target for IK?
I Used Shift + L to select all objects in common.. how do I apply a material to all of those now?
Is there any way to mirror an already rigged mesh and skeleton in Blender?
How to mathematically define a torus in a volume
Error zooming in to selected vertices using the "." key
FBX exporting error
Unwrapped map gets distored
Why can't I switch out of object mode?
Is it possible to get Vray like renders using Cycles?
How do I resize an armature without ruining its poses?
Applying array modifier to multiple items
How to transform world space vertex to camera space position in Cycles OSL
How do I make every vertex to be associated with the same number of bones?
Visualize radioactive gamma rays & their absorption in materials using cycles
Black reflections with Cycle's Glossy Material
make vertices have the same number of weights
Getting an object lined up with the x, y, or z axis again
skinning a creature
How can I get the triangles of a model?
Is it possible to link a modifier for only one Render Layer?
Unity3D controls in Blender
objects missing in the 3D view (can be seen in collada export)
Apply texture to plane via script
How can i make my material look like more like a crystal glass?
How can I get a list with the 2D screen coordinates of visible Vertices in 3D view without having to convert 3D to 2D?
Why can I not edit object texture nodes?
How do I extrude an object into another creating depth?
How do I make my mesh have a matte black finish in cycles?
How do I emit light from inside a object?
BGE Character dynamic
How to select a graph in graph editor
Blender game engine development directions?
Cat's Tail Not Looping Correctly
Exporting loops to Unity?
How to save (persist) bpy.ops.ptcache.bake_all() results?
Two operators with the same button, it's possible?
Finite element mesh generation with blender
Sapling tree to a mesh and follow the treeArm Animation like the leaves?
How do I open a file that has another Blender file Appended to it?
Snap FK/IK does not copy the motion
Creating a Whole Cermaic Pot from Potsherds - Archaeology
How to make better quality 1080p videos in the video editor?
Relighting Workflow
Blender mouse function is not working properly?
Bad looking motion blur with cycles motion blur and vector blur
Custom GLSL Filter for Viewport
set a minimum number of bones to the vertices?
How to hide vertex colors in Texture Paint?
Precise openings (windows, doors )in meshes
OpenGL render doesnt render with the Panoramic Fisheye Lens?
Understanding automatic key frames insertion
My weight painting only works at 100% no matter the shade
Rendering objects in the same scene with different sampling?
Is it possible to create an incremental array?
Array with Size Increment / Decrement
Armature not working correctly
How do you use constraints with Armatures?
Hidden materials issue
More detailed weight painting?
Solidify issue at sharp bifurcation location
How do I prevent hair flickering in Cycles?
Armature origin
Applied Subdivision Surface Modifier To a Mirror Modified Model The Model Enveloped in on Itself
Python automation, normals, and dupliverts
How can I have varying speeds for my Motion gamelogic actuator?
Is there any way to get a quick render, like OpenGL for cycles and fisheye camera?
Low-Quality Wireframe material on Cycles for Preview Purposes?
Can I delete geometry by rendering?
Is there any option to select all objects in scene and then apply all the modifiers together for every single object?
I made a Cycle Animation with F-Modifier, but how can i stop it in a exact frame?
The Subdivision Modifier Keeps Causing My Models To Warp Inside Of Itself
Mesh with cloth simulation and particle instance modifiers (used in a particle system) not responding to wind
Weight painting is acting wierd
What can cause a texture to disappear on a mesh?
How to unwrap a circular track
Object moves when saved
"Track to" and animations at the same time?
How to make two armature actions into one action?
Blender render in GE?
Darkend area after Make Edge/Face
Blender Game Logic Actuator
Mesh seems to still be proportionally editing even though it is turned off
Hiding source of particle instancing
Blender glitchy animation export fbx UE4
Sun lamp and Diffuse surface is not lambertian?
in Blender 3D, is there any function like 'Flow along surface' in Rhino 3D?
How to reorder particle 'number' along a path?
Difficulties in creating a box around an object with a python script
Blender 2.73a won't start
Is this face topology good for animation?
Swap two curves in the editor graph
How to add skytexture to viewport background?
How to evenly distribute vertices in an uv map?
Cycles Render does not reflect camera view
How can I set the sample rate for Audio?
Is it possible to animate 2 separate objects with 1 action animation?
Create a Nurbs Circle Surface using python
Get the selected median point in python?
How to create Onyx material in Blender Cycles?
Limit the selection to the visible object (in object mode)
exec() works differently in Blender?
How to bind material change to a single animation action?
How do I make a rectangular mesh subdivided evenly with square faces / quads?
Fill Brush makes streaky lines to image origin
Paste flip animation does not give the expected results
How to sort a list with alpha-numeric items?
Weird shading after using solidify modifier
Can I fix the alpha display problems on material viewport on new Blender 2.73?
There is a missing part at my object when I render in cycles
Texture appears stretched on extruded sections of mesh
Trouble enabling Cube surfer addon
Is it possible to parent an object and have the child retain its rigid body physics?
.obj-export is too dark
Unable to install cube surfer addon by PyroEvil
What is the most accurate way to get the data path for a value?
Python modifier error handling
Baked texture blurry
Achieve Escher holding sphere, but with real image
Blender rendering quality pixelated
Change Bone/Arm length on a rigged model
How do I "parent" objects?
What does 'Clear Origin' (Alt-O) do in the 3d view?
Blender will not import my svg in version 2.73
Script access to tangent and bitangent, per face: how?
AO Bake has random black pixels on some faces
Blender game engine Armature mouse control
Why is my texture shaded in the viewport?
Texture not rendering in cycles
How can a RGB color value be copied from reference image or render?
Blender rendering fileformat: .file
Undo Functions on a single layer
Follow Path and Track To constraints together
How to treat video material with non-square pixels
How do I randomise a glossy node's roughness within a specific range?
Weird smooth shading
Hotkey for changing pivot center?
Assign action to multiple objects
Any blender GUI toolkit for use with Game engine?
Creating an export file for model in blender
How do you fade an image over video in the VSE
Take Smooth Shading into account with Normals Bake
Invert knife tool cut or other tool to use
Blender will not import all of my custom shortcuts. How do I fix this?
Hot key/shortcut for point, edge and face select?
Remove all vertices connected to one or less edges?
Why can't I duplicate faces in place?
Proportional Editing - Vertices moving for no reason
Blender not recalculating normals for mesh properly
Why is the VSE editor ultra Slow when a scene strip is loaded?
Rendering sharp shadow on cycle rendering
Fluid not showing in final render
Why won't Smart UV Project automatically unwrap a simple chair?
Dragging and dropping a texture
Script to execute blender on cluster calculator
Why does cycles max out 1 CPU core in GPU mode
Rendering low and res/high res images
Use all Ram on Blender when rendering? (Cycles and Blender Render)
Emit particles from a plane based on the alpha channel of it's texture
How can I get the color in the middle of a face using Python?
Why does my object appear flat when rendering?
How to flip the view from the camera horizontally?
Is it possible to remove Blender Render/Internal render?
what type of rendering engine is cycles
Can blender be used to re-target animations to other rigs?
List boolean object names
Is there any option to change the contrast on Blender Render?
is there any cpu gpu hybrid render addon for blender
Force each new render into sequential render slot
Pressing ctrl J messes up hair
Sensors and actuators to mimic 3D view behavior?
BGUI change color for Text_Input
How to curve just one face
How to control the number of particles with a custom slider
Chance of bigger sized particle?
Does a separate GPU for CUDA work with main AMD card, in Cycles?
Texture Painting vs. Materials Assigned to Vertices
How and when does clipping of RGB values happen?
Cycles GPU doesn't render appended textures
Relationship between the sensor size and focal length
Using a previously made animation and trying to move 1 object in all keyframes
Is it possible to render animations on server, with input from other server, changing the animation?
BGUI modify text_input widget
How can I add more than one animation to the same model?
Self standing objects
Cycles alpha mask hole
Why NLA editor run only the top action strip
Wireframe thickness like sketchup and color without rendering
How can I paint a mesh using projections of real photographs?
Is there any way to delete the light bounces without losing the illumination?
Unable to attach bones to 3D model or create vertex groups
Mesh faces that are behind other faces appearing in front in game engine
How to bake F-Curve using python?
Sending object data from blender with urllib very slow
I want Glass to be transparent where nothing exists
Arms repositioned after exporting if animation is not current one?
Exporting Particles?
In camera tracking how do i figure out the settings for the cannon 6d
How to hide custom shapes' object for bones in armature?
Which is the path to particle drivers data? (Blender Python API)
blender as module , will it suffice?
Convert an image with black background to a black and white
How to modify accurate 3D models to protect technical know-how
How can i activate the alpha on Blender Render?
Is it possible to cast shadows from a sillouethe made by alpha texture?
Hide axis of linked objects?
Texture Node in the cycle render
Blender ascii fbx adds a Armature bone before root bone UE4
How to import a rig and animation from maya?
Does rotation by exact angle become low-precise in blender?
Can you use 2 non SLI GPUs in Blender?
are intel cpus beter for blender than amd cpus (no opinions aloud just facts)
Is it possible to add fake user to animation actions after saving model without having done so?
Blender opens, then crashes
Can I animate which vertices a certain material is assigned to?
Materials and Textures not Showing Up in GLSL Shading Mode
Cycles baking creates odd grey lines
When exporting as .FBX, I don't have the option "include animation" that I've seen in tutorials
Blender mesh shape to Illustrator
Unable to run Blender on Ubuntu
Missing msvcr120.dll during installation
Blender UI Manipulation Python
Editing with proxy images
Why does combined bake look different from render?
How to make NLA strip pick up location based on previous action?
Is it possible to make a video texture repeat in the compositor?
How to gradually slow down animation
How can I set a default value on a Dynamic EnumProperty?
How can I create an Empty in Blender 3D 2.73?
How many objects touch one chosen object?
Fibermesh to Hair Sheets
Need help before making the full character
How to check if the system console is displayed?
Object Not Rendering
Infinite Falling Images
Problem baking normal map
Can I refer to another object's properties from a Cycles node shader? Drivers? If so, how?
editing in low res
how to damage copies of 1 enemy with
Using game property to control actuator values (BGE Logic Bricks)
Python exporter set armature to rest pose while exporting meshes
Unstretched Generated texture coordinates for Normal Mapping
Get Location of an empty with shrinkwarp constraint
How do I animate rotating 90 degrees, then rotate back to the original place?
How to bake rigid body physics frame in blender render?
Slight variance in floor (normal mapping?)
Some partial animations cannot play as additive in Unity
Skin modifier giving wierd geometry
Python, get neighboring objects on an axis
Rotation around one axis (Mechanical)
How do you assign multiple shrinkwrap modifiers to rig muscles?
How can I inspect the links between DataBlocks as a graph?
Making a menu to take me to different scenes
Applying animated compositor to pre-rendered animation frames
Black spots in Cycles render
Texture "resets"?
Is there any way to save my screen layouts across projects?
Problem rendering snow particles
Particle System Resolution
Why is bpy.ops.ptcache.bake is not executing bake to external cache when bake_all() working?
How do I find global rotation values of a child object?
How to move a complex object to the origin without destroying it?
Cape not falling down in simulation
Enable displaying of key strokes without casting
Determine if object is bezier circle curve?
How can I import an obj sequence into blender?
Weight paint maps in/out of Blender to allow editing in Photoshop or other
Render border settings
Is there a way to import .mx or .mxa files?
How to make a half cylinder?
Particles intersecting object and then exploding without reason
Normal and Ambient Occlusion Map baking issues in Cycles Render
How to create a shortkey for "Replace image" in "UV/Image editor"?
First Person Camera In Blender Game Engine
Merge 2 armatures and 2 meshes then parent the armature to the mesh, without losing their weight paints?
How to make a prism with different shapes at each end?
How to create a Blender shortcut for "Display files as Thumbnails"
is there a shortcut for toggle between default screen layout and composit screen layout?
Particle emission from a verts fixed locations over time
UV maping a sphere to have stripes runing between both poles?
Locate and assign weights to vertices with no weights in a Mesh
Lattice modifier deforms object as soon as an object is selected
How to bake uv map texture to vertex color (selected to active)?
Vertex snapping with edge slide?
can i change the size of my thumbnails in the thumbnail browse list?
Why Always sensor is not sending pulse consistently?
fixating rotation around a dynamicly moving plain
remapping left click in 3D view
What is Protected Layer?
blender viewport is rotating around an unknown point
Video cut does not match preview
Rigify mesh skinning problem
How to make NLA strip rotate based on previous action?
Replace Object During Animation
How do I get the selected object's distance from the camera?
How to create realistic lighting at night in Blender Cycles
Object closely follows other object being moved
How can i get MakeWalk working
Save a mesh posed with armature
Adding tracks/markers with a custom name?
FBX Binary format - Nested Nodes
How can I find out the correct order of vertices to create a quad face with bmesh?
Recommended Blender rendering engine for game assets production
mesh lines appear in quick rendering
How to create a prefixed list of transform data for objects?
Limited Dissolve leaves unused Vertices
Pick random option in particle settings?
Blender 2.73a Linux mipmap disable is not working
Weight paint only working on some vertices? [v2.73]
What is vertex and edge shading?
VSE questions (playback, proxies, etc..)
Moving a bone within weighted mesh?
What would cause hair to be emitted only from object origin?
Multiple materials with different textures
Jittering location in animation
Parenting a rigid body: Physics problem
How to speed up the OpenGL (viewport) rendering?
Fill in objects in another object
Blender Game Engine - Reporting Correct Angles?
How to make a wake behind a boat
How to delete rigid body cache?
How to delete textures from the UV image editor list
Is it possible to slow down the preview rendering?
Is it possible to copy text settings?
Viewport material view
"In-Animation" Property?
How do I hide irelevant game logic?
How can I manage to bake this out?
Mouse wheel view rotation not working in 2.73
Why my texture lines show up distorted and not completely straight at few parts?
Different Color When Rendered? (Not Material)
Plugin to add several video clips with cross fades between them all?
Blocking the camera without blocking lights
Mesh only moves in Blender units
Transparent gobo not working
What's the difference between pressing S and Alt+S?
How to toggle material view mode by hotkey (similar to Alt-Z/Shift-Z)
Create nor equal side of cube with fixed width of bavel?
Why is a face appearing in Object mode but not Edit mode?
How to show render-stamp for arbitrary values?
Why object looks pink color in texture paint when i reopen file?
How to display render stamp outside the frame?
Rounded wireframe with big cells
normal map inverted in cycles
How to add an object at a specific posistion in Blender Game Engine
Export transformation from Blender to OpenGL
How to blend between textures easily using nodes?
How to get average z location of selected vertices in python?
Best way to add a face if I modeled the body first?
what happened to "import export: cdt total importer"?
How to apply materials to specific faces only?
Can't see any image preview in Video Sequence Editor
After using "Import Images as Planes", texture doesn't show up
zoom to an object without using the NumPad
How to map musical data to objects in blender amd export 3D printable .stl file
What's the best way to select the same region on multiple meshes?
Hiding a part of an object in the Object Mode
How do I create repeating patterns with cycles' procedural textures
Problem with matrix_parent_inverse of childs of bones
How do you make objects appear in a blender scene at specific times?
Help with shrinking creature
A better way to composite one video sub-clip over another with chroma key?
How can I edit F-curves of an action already put in the NLA editor
How can I add an 'IK Solver' constraint?
How to quickly place text cursor in long 3D Text?
Play a sound, then another when the first is finished?
Any examples of a nice hand rig? Specially fingers
Mist that only erases objects and not background?
A glitch in 2.71, My low poly model randomly flattened
why does the shortcut for "image.open" not work ? (ALT + O)
Knife Tool Project - Cutting Away Volume
Boolean Modifier fails or makes object disappear
Automatic Top / Middle / Bottom Alignment for 3D Text Object
How can I make two objects interact
Blender move item rig?
Python Save MultiLayer EXR BUG?
How to move a path point over time
How do you stop the sliding of rigid body objects?
Compositor connection lines
How to play action actuator logic brick via python
Modeling subdivided pipes
where can i see what is my current UVmap used for an object?
How can I automatically extend edge loop selection?
Taper Object Cannot Alter Curve Start?
what is the best way to merge the double vertices lines in a plane to sphere object without loosing the plane UV map setting?
How can I align the edges of a cut cylinder with another cylinder?
How to add a panel to the properties region in the Image Editor?
rigify stretching bones
grid floor change possible?
Dynamically assign a value to game property
human viewport parameters
No CUDA and GPU option
How to select and move multiple vertices
Applied texture is deformed or pixelated?
Selecting part of a object for the UV map
How to offset the start of rigid body physics to a specific frame
How can I recreate this diamond cut texture surface like on certain flashlights?
Structure left after deletion
How to make this glass more realistic?
how to import a .3ds model in Blender 2.65 via console
Quaternion problems, Rotation in direction of transit
Is there as way to export a blender object for cnc machining so it doesn't become a huge file size when converted to .stp?
Several shape keys blocking mesh face trasformation?
How to bake Simple Deform modifier animation for exporting?
Imported .3ds models when rendered become transparent
Using two keyboards within a Game
Poor focus in Cycles render
How can I make a 3D scan shell into a solid object?
How can I render a sequence created in the video sequence editor?
How would I go about in making a neck strap?
Why does my soft-body fly around?
Why won't the pivot point/3D cursor move to center of object anymore?
Copying ANIMATED keyframes from active to group (Ridged body)
Is there a shortcut to hide everything else except the object that's selected?
Alternatives to Layered Texturing Blender 2.73a?
Center of gravity for an object
How do I chain shape keys?
Creating an Unwrapping Animation (NOT texturing)
Python move object on local axis
Extrude seems broken
Step forward button in Blender (Redo)?
Is there a way to bring in vectors from an AutoCAD file without them being filled?
Key map for an addon activate the class more than one time?
What techniques are used to begin creating new models?
Apply scaling to rigged model without affecting visual aspect
Way to keep lighting from lamps without influence from environmental textures
Python Modules in the Blender Game Engine?
Where is the recalculate normals button?
Good way to export good manufacturing models
How to rotate a gradient in the node editor?
How do I repeat a gradient color ramp?
How can I make a pill shape? (capsule)
How to add an action to a material?
how can i offset a gradient in a colorramp
How to create a Folder Dialog?
Is there a way to "unprotractor" a mesurement with the ruler/protractor tool?
Can you scale the scope of the Proportional Editing without a 3 button mouse?
Can not export animation that is not skeletal animation to Ogre
How to reassign general confirm function from "Enter" key?
Is it possible to animate the speed of a strip?
Make an extruded circle along a path into a solid object
How to fix strange behavior of vertexes? (picture)
Assign button missing from material tab
How do I export a simple Blender 3D model, without armature, to Three js?
"Drawing" single vertices obstructed by coordinate axes
How to select vertices which are overlapping?
Hide wireframe in edit mode
Loading ASC files in blender
How to preload a python module into blender console on startup
How to reset the angle of rotated view without a numpad?
Import a GIMP XCF on Windows 7
H.265 support in the VSE?
Cycles memory problem
Camera Shake in 3d video games
How to apply hand painted textures
Textures not displaying in Solid Shading mode
How can I uninstall an Add-on?
Is it possible to crease a NURBS vertex?
What is the max size of a scene in Blender?
Saving a mesh from a frame in a cloth simulation?
How to create a realistic jump in bge
Clay-like physics in BGE
Py: List materials with texture used by mesh
How to create smiling/crying animation?
How to make half of a square circular
Deleting/Removing a 'Window'?
Boxy Shading Glitching
how do i save my selfmade favorit color ramp gradient in node editor?
One render picture and two questions (I think both are related to the glass material)
How can I create this shape in Blender?
Where is python file for exporting DAE (collada)
Extreme CPU usage while GPU rendering?
cutting a mesh object into equal segments for individual export to .dae
'Mesh' object has no attribute 'uv'
How to speed up Blender Video Sequence Editor rendering?
Join different Faces of one Mesh
How to trigger script once?
Why have reactor particles been deprecated since blender 2.5?
no video in video sequence window
Make Blender usable on high resolution screen
Force triangles only (or warn user) before exporting with built in blender functions
Setting an object to a random position in the BGE
bpy armature smooth rotation animation
Extruding multiple edges simultaneously but separately
Why is the Track to constraint "legacy"?
How can I bake textures on uneven goemetry without tearing and stretching
Compositing fog destroys PNG alpha in Images as Planes when using Cycles
Kind of "soft link" of objects between scenes?
Mirror object - Rendering is not equal on both sides.. why?
How to create a PyDriver in blender 2.7
How to preserve measurements when manipulating an object
Problem with Texture Opacity
Why does the Render View in "3D View" look totally Different than the Rendered image?
Fedora21: Only three movie options (AVI JPEG, AVI Raw, Frameserver)? No XVid! Why?
Path prediction: Python script slowing down
Extruding an arc shape with a plane as the extrusion path
Add Manual and Python Reference Links for Custom Operators
Mirror Modifier does not work on where ther are no faces
How to animate object in local space?
Why is the scale of the model I try to 3D print so small?
Do I have access to velocity fields between frames in fluid simulation
How can I use my blender animation on my website?
How do I close a object with the curve modifier applied to it?
Airplane Rounded Body
Is there a way to quick toggle cameras?
How to put a Part of my Model into a New File
Blender Game Engine, Falling Through Ground
Is it possible to set names of objects based on their texture name?
Texture appears pink in Blender Render
import series of meshes
Colorizing part of a texture
Unwrap model with UVs at proper size?
Can a curve object modifier created geometry be used as boolean factor
Where is Data Transfer Modifier on Blender 2.73a for Linux?
part of my model are see through
Game Engine: Cube won't move on negative x
Blender crashes when manipulating a large number of vertices with proportional editing enabled
Scale bone in pose mode without affecting child bone?
Is Physics calculation multithreading possible?
Texturing Fractured Objects
What's the easiest format to use to create a mesh object?
Texture not showing on whole mesh
How to copy keyframes from one action to other
bone local_matrix all at location 0,0,0?
Sharp edges not sharp enough when bending?
Removing dotted assist lines? Problem only occurs when Appending!
Determining "hidden" values in nodes
How to preview texture without lighting
Appending a scene and materials do not come through
Can't move any objects in my scene
Blender 2.73a crashes on start up
Is there any technique for baking instanced/linked objects, Cycles/BI?
How to change to constant interpolation mode from a python script?
How to preserve the main dimension when adding space between elements
weird ambient occlusion shadow
How to: High poly to low poly normal map + high poly texture + normal map of texture detail
How can I convert paths into one plane
Star Trek tractor beam effect
Texture painting in game engine
Access to actuators in external object.blend file
Setting A Circle's Rotation From A Changing Number in the BGE
How to use a standalone blender (not using global preferences)
Quick way to remove thousands of materials from an object?
Blender to autocad
How do I delete one single shape key?
Blender supported 3D files that support armature
Show a objection reflection onto another surface in Blender internal
How to make group of vertices solid/frozen/rigid
How can I align a Point Cloud precisely
smart uv unwrap creates duplicate (not overlapping) uv mesh segments
Posing Hair in Animation
Only one child light source for parent objects created multiple times
PitchiPoy Rigify missing finger controls
How is the .blend file thumbnail generated?
How to remove vertex slide?
Text in Blender Game Engine
How to make a sphere which number of faces is divisible by 5?
Strange lines appearing when rendering glass
How to notice edges in each other?
How do I make hair collide with a mesh?
"Moving Property" function?
"In-air" function?
How to keep logic bricks organized?
Legacy file in BI: Background image does not change as camera pans
Python: How to completely remove an object
bpy and PIL / Pillow crash
Is it possible to add multiple materials to a text object?
Is it possible to animate which characters of a text object are assigned to a material?
How to animate Constraints with Python?
Extracting a text string info (character's indices) to use it as a material mask
Camera View is Blank
Why is my object not assigned to layer?
How do I delete keyframes?
How to reduce the amount of noise in the rendered image?
How can i copy the object position to the edit position to meet the rest position?
How to take pictures from the GE?
Transparent backround in GE?
What exactly does the Select Similar > Face Regions operator do?
Ctrl+A in rigging?
How to animate dynamic scaling and z offset in Array modifier
Complex mesh with armature and mesh deform modifier
How to make a sideways bone?
How to define the diameter to a certain size
Cycles Nodes - get actual coordinates
What does blue object line mean?
Associate extra scalar data field with mesh or pointcloud
How to use playAction() on libloaded objects in BGE?
Assigning Different names to a text box?
How can I adjust render settings on a scene being linked into a new project?
Why is my animation choppy when I render it?
What does this icon mean?
Why do my bones displace model objects?
How to make animations for two objects?
Fake reflections in Cycles, redux
Transparent Text In Cycles Not Working
Where is the "sync selection" option?
Why doesn't selecting a UV island select the corresponding vertices in the model?
Export model with multiple textures to Unreal Engine 4
Collapsed faces on subsurface
Low poly to high poly instancing
Video encoding (renderer): VP9, webM
Why does textures work with the default cube, but not with any new cube I add?
Saving a 16 bit PNG using script
Fade a render layer to transparent
Is there any way to get a specific angle using the knife tool?
Pivoting an object with respect to two objects
Tube around mesh wireframe
How do I make a Polygon Pattern in Blender?
What causes these artifacts around the edges of objects when using the defocus node?
How to perform element-wise multiplication with mathutils.Vector?
Invisible Physics to Certain Objects in the BGE
Can you display multiple coordinate system at the same time?
How to allow Rigid Body Physics take over after follow path constraint?
Objects in blender won't render
Why are part of my model differently colored?
How do I create grooves which have a certain shape and follow a round edge?
High-poly normal map wrapping unevenly onto low-poly mesh
How to load a video in a MovieClip node
Duplicating object and default value of property
How to model an irregular object made of tubes?
Translate/Rotate/Scale helpers
Thousands images as textures (byte image limit reached)
Rotate view around Y-axis
Repeating an operation (similar to screw)
How do I use the "bpy.ops.wm.link" operator to link multiple files while still keeping parenting/hierarchy order?
Python script for a specific selection
Create a cycles material from rendered picture
Join two cylinders
Fluid in simulation disappears when from moving container
Only first slide is rendered
Why do original legs have orange dots, but mirrored ones do not?
Set color of second selected object
Cannot end extrusion along the z axis?
Why can't I transform faces, edges, or vertices without transforming the whole object?
What's the difference among object, active_object, and selected_objects?
Python script won't shift face of simple cube
VSE not playing in realtime (not caching)?
How to repair the deformation made by armature
Where is the Pipe joint addon in Blender 2.7.3?
How do I create this texture
Building of Blender 2.73 as python module fails
Translating vertices orthographically
CSG failed, exception degenerate edge
Define position by 3 Euler Angles and Radius
Help with rigging a character with wide range of motion
Does Blender consider each frame to be separate scenes, while rendering animation?
Can not view MP4 output files in HTML
How can I add a second layer to a video?
How to fight unwanted rotations when using "Stretch to" modifier?
How to configure Blender for 2D functions only?
Trouble bending an arm at the elbow once subdivided
Hold down mouse click but not tap?
Using spline-IK for bones but keeping control over individual bones
Armature Deformations 'Squishing' Solid Objects
Face Selection Masking for Painting not Working because Blender Tools Paint Outside those Areas?
UV map for cuboid produces islands of same size
OSL EventBoolFlag/Write text file
Is there a way to Import old 3ds max files into blender
Bone not able to be named?
how to turn off moving objects by holding RMB?
Landscape topography from grayscale image
Game-Engine fly glitch
Number of edges per vertex in remesh
How to get rid of hair root location artifact
All layers are not rendering
Cropping two perpendicular curves at their intersections
Glowing particles not visible when rendering RGBA with Transparent Background
Running a script for each frame
Is it possible to transport materials between the Internal render and Cycles render for animation?
How to achieve an evenly distributed 90° turn?
Rigid body fixed constraints looks like springs
Start new rays after trigger?
How do you apply a gloss and spec map on one cycles material?
Wave/Displace Modifier in BGE?
Displaying keyframed opacity / transparency in Material mode in viewport?
Is there a way to explicitly set the mode in python?
How to share variable among more than 2 operation
Python: vertex normal according to World
How to export animation to DirectX
Problem with bone animation with 3D cursor as pivot
Baking a Texture with Reflection coordinates
I am trying to render two renderlayers, but the second layer black background is on top of the first layer
Animation flipped 180 degrees in Unity with .fbx export
Add weight to all vertex groups on an object?
Bone constraints not working on first bone in chain
Proportional editing doesn't work
How to make part of the mesh follow a bone without deforming it
Can someone tell me what an "Editing context" is and how to get there?
How to make moving strip?
What are these spots appearing along seams?
Network rendering disconnects computers
How to rename UVs of all the objects?
I am unable to preview any game play in blender
Switching camera view on multiple cameras form python
Baking normal maps in blender: "Error: No objects or images found to bake to"
Edge split modifier with angle removes smooth shading artifacts
How to position the origin of an object next to edges of another object with python
Optimize cycles background rendering
Dynamic polygon size for sculpted area
What is event.type TEXTINPUT used for?
Csv Import pointcloud into Blender
Texturing spacifc faces
How do I save (bake) a particle simulation?
How to unparent child
Setting an object to render transparent with shadows
Cannot select vertices from different object while in edit mode
What is better for rendering in cycles? A network? Or a single monster workstation?
Run blender on GPU is as low as CPU
How can I use clone brush in the UV/Image editor?
How can you turn 2D faces into a 3D object?
How to rotate multiple faces in the same direction
How to make a material transparent but not its texture (Blender Render)
Build a proper Cycles shadow pass in the compositor
Ticks in my animatrion?
wrapping extruded text and polygons around a sphere
Why isn't my smoke simulation interacting with other objects properly?
How to move an object to a particular position using a python script?
How to update a damped track bone constraint?
Render specific frames with opengl via python
Blender 2.73 Objects do not respond to script, but do to Python console
How to list vertices coordinates from selected edge
Alpha transparency not showing in cycles viewport
Material Preview doesn't match render
Adding geometry (Ctrl+1) does not work as expected
How to export a camera animation to Houdini?
How can i get my characters feet to lie flat?
Overlay a Shader
Need Help with Python in Blender Game Engine
GPU Memory Consumption before Render - Linux Mint 17.1
Masking a whole image in texture mode
blender overwrote my animation after moving .blend file
Curving an object
Diffuse color inheriting from background
How do I export cell fractured text for Element 3D?
How to mirror in global axis?
Re-start animation if message is sent again?
How to cut grooves in a rectangle
Modeling Planet Help
Aligning a single triangle object's local origin (y axis) to the triangle's normal (non-backface side)
How to position/scale custom bone shapes in same position as original mesh?
Select points down a loop with a script
How to pick good keyframes for motion tracking?
Assigning material to every second face via python
Image Alpha Background Renders Black when using "Import Images as Planes"
Normal map baked from multires looks bad (seams and general wrongness)
How to mix 2 shaders depending on distance from camera
How to center a non-symmetrical object on the X axis xith a python script?
Dynamic detail with smoothing
Weight painting does not show weight colouring
Use of motion constraints for robot's movement simulation
Duplicate while transforming object
Moving a single vertex deforms the entire object
Blender model being torn apart after applying scale
How to loop the particle simulation indefinitely?
How can I make a tower of stacked boxes stable in the game engine?
Incorrect matrix_world after transformation
Animation not responding in time?
Error when baking molecular script addon
Material setings in properties window is missing
How do I scale an object proportionally using numbers on the scale panel?
Boolean difference removes wrong part
Blender Alters .Obj vertex list
How to boolean subtract an object's surface using a extruded plane?
Save Render and Shadow Layer Separately
What version of Bullet Physics engine does the blender game engine use in 2.74?
Weird reflections
Why does Blender use so much memory for large textures?
How to select particular edges with a python script?
Sequence from another scene imported into current scene causes only audio to render
Unmirror Weight Paint
UV mapping a straight image around a ring shaped flat mesh
How do I draw a circle in a location in my video
how to place circle in a far location from centre
Character's mesh distorts in illogical ways
What is the quickest / best way of duplicating an object with children, so that the children are also duplicated?
Black artifacts when looking through many transparent objects?
Solidify thickness problems
One Object won't Show up in Final Render even though it shows up in the Preview Render
Model shows no edges
Why can't I change the shading of one of my objects from Wireframe to Solid?
How to "join" edges to one loop
rigging of animal's legs
Blender rendered image black
Button Cooldown Timer
I am having trouble with the Meadow scene tutorial on Blender guru
VSE script for to add constant gaps between strips?
Why are modifiers not applied to child objects?
Is there a smart way to apply a better transition between colours while maintaining one solid colour per face?
UV unwrap / Cannot link image to face or any other object
Is there a tool to check if two meshes will fit together?
How to set scale across all blender objects and keyframes?
blender only rendering background color
Transparent Shader not Transparent
Using the Camera Data Node
How to make procedural wood material with knots?
UV texture not visible in render
Why does it take so much longer to track uncached frames?
Script behaves differently when executed inside blender console vs python interpreter
Combining multiple textures with a white background
BVH Export/Import, Armature different when re-imported
Topology question regarding circular holes
Straighten UV map edges?
Mesh deforming when armature is moved
Object in texture mode looks like solid mode
How to turn off subsurf modifier on a lot of objects at the same time
Bezier curve won't join?
Fix t-junction in mesh
Gradient Fade on this texture in cycles
What's going wrong with my Luxrender Prism?
Colored matt glass shade for lamp in cycles
GLSL Lightsaber (per vertex lighting)
how to get the vertice's Horizontal and vertical location in the window?
bisect plane normal (mesh and bmesh) how calc the 3th vector to mathutils.geometry?
OS cursor location in Blender Windows
Is it possible to recursively instance object particles?
Take white background out of image with cycles?
How to apply Effect Strip in Video Sequence Editor
Deform Text Objects in Blender to fit into other object
Copying Y scale value onto multiple objects
Filling in the arms
How to use multiple Effect Strips in Blender Video Sequence Editor?
Copy location constraint works wierd
Use X Ray in BGE
Blender cycles won't render halo particles
Object is stopped but its position still changing
Luxrender - Mixing materials using layer weight
Addon not updating when pressing F8
How to turn off pressure sensitivity for grease pencil with a tablet?
Confused as to how World Background HDR works
Fragment pattern appears in render from a distance
Poor performance with h.264 VSE
How to re-link files which have paths that have become invalid (can't be found)?
when i try to uv unwrap my mesh , blender hangs and become unresponsive, why?
How would I scale an animated scene?
Moving nodes between scenes
Can I store text object data in external file?
How to set a specific value for multiple shape keys?
Add custom textures and vertex attributes
Control an object's specularity with distance
Getting rid of colours in textures
Finding the lists of connected indices associated with disjoint mesh elements
Problem: material has stretched on side of shape
Animation on blender 2.72 does not work on blender 2.71
How to move my timeline window?
Used mirror modifier to create an object but don't want the texture to be mirrored
Load and Retarget via bpy (Blender python)
How to find number of animated frames in a scene via python?
How to save an audio file
How to export directX in py script
Texture problem with Makehuman model in blender
Glue like effect
How to control Global transform orientation with F-curves?
How do I variate the color along one axis?
Use value of node output for driver
Python script has no effect when running as background
Make transparent object not layer up itself
a python script that reads keystroke and mouse movements from a file and repeats them
Best way to model a wavy pattern for CNC milling process?
Using three js exporter in a python script
How would you use a large plane, and be able to cut sections out if you needed?
Keyframing constraints overwrite
Use driver to deliver output depending on the state of an objects rotation
How to get rid of freestyle faces?
Animate material with a sound
Can't seem to get dynamic paint waves to behave correctly
Object Info Node
Creating a large landscape with accurately varied elevations
How can I reflect a transparent background?
What are the formulas to define the camera's view cone?
Is it possible to create a new type of context with Python?
Number of bounces does not reduce the time of rendering on GPU
How calc value of translate with constraint_orientation="VIEW"?
Difference between visual and normal keyframes
Poor rendering -- is it because of bad meshing or Blender?
How to export a 'posed' mesh as an STL file
Particles don't render
Overlay image sequence onto a video?
Bad bone rotation in Unity humanoid
what does manifold mean in context of surface building
Drive Objects Rotation depending on state of other objects sin and cos value
Controlling drivers with data received via TCP/UDP
How to add Wear & Tear effect in a Texture
Why does my mesh have different colours
How to add edge loops to a circle (triangle fan)
Change stamp font?
How to simulate rolls that transport a metal sheet upwards in Blender Game Engine?
How to stop objects from second layer createing themselves
Smoke and flame not showing up in render view mode and in render
[Cycles]Is there any way to bake float values
Can the default font be changed?
Preserve UVs when modifying topology
How to avoid terminator artifacts while still using smooth shading and the new pointiness attribute?
Cycles: AMD and Nvidia GPUs in the same machine?
Shadows for games
Can I create Walk throughs from external designs
Blender Script Rotate All
Transparent image planes in cycles have strange borders
Difference between stacking and extruding meshes?
How to make an area transparent?
Viewport render is correct while rendering scene shows materials as white
How do I lock editing the position of faces?
Changing every object in a group
How do I know if I have a selected keyframe using python?
Find out if two rigid bodies touch
I pressed something, and my object went curved
Snap to grid using knife tool
What is the parameter A in the RGB color
Is the add landscape button really just a pre-made Mt. McKinely?
How Can I change the Alpha parameter in this Material nodes
Unwrapping Mesh Hair
Extra vertex in Cycles render
Getting the location of rigid body object at current keyframe
Blender 2.74 exporting custom normals without applying split normals modifier
how do I make a force field throw out liquid?
Turn off brush overlay in Texture Paint mode?
CryBlend error: "There is more than one Texture of type diffuse. Please correct that and try again"
How to apply rotations for seperate object's axis?
How to Model a Keyboard key?
Multiple materials in BGE
How do you activate the Curve Tool in the latest version of Blender?
How to split edges without changing normals?
What does the 'light path' node do?
Where is the cleanup menu in 2.74?
How to reduce graviation on single object?
How to translate objects away from an empty?
Straighten edges not on axis
How to create text on a semi-transparent overlay with Cycles?
UV 2d cursor and vertex coordinates from python script in Edit_Mode
Lamps not casting any light
How do you loft between curves?
Linking Bones To Human Model
reconfigure roll of bones without losing waightpaint
Location keyframes shift (move) by script
Is it possible to divide text object horizontally, while retaining edit ability?
can I run Blender for MacBookPro(Iris Pro broadwell) in this machine
Particle System, objects emitted colliding
'Follow Active Quads" not working?
How can I change IntProperty default value?
How can I make a black 3d border around an object in BGE during gameplay?
how to move or copy all the viewport visibility keyframes to render-visibility channels?
In a BGE RTS, how could I make a selection box to select Units?
My soldiers all march to the same spot, how do i give them seperate orders simulanelously?
Camera shows gray screen
Select overlaping vertices from vertex groups
Creating a truck exhaust mesh
Multiple materials on subdivided face resulting in displacement
Using argparse in script yeilds memory error
How Could I Select a vertex by its ID?
Unable to find the input tab to provide the path for luxrender in blender 2.74
Blender Physic. Can an active rigid Body Object follow an empty or s.e
How do I fix automatic weight problem?
How can I use more than 50% of the CPU when converting image sequences?
Creating a simple bicycle pedal motion
How to colour vertices of a beveled curve mesh without converting to mesh?
Extend submenus
How do i align connected faces to axis?
How to disconnect a light path node
How to correct the scaling problem of the texture using UV wrap
Appending an Object Without A Link
how to keep sharp turns on model while sub surf modifier is active? (image inside)
Reduce Noise on cycles engine and CPU
Create bones on vertices in Python
My laptop gets too hot when rendering in cycles
Import a .mhx file and export it to .bvh problem
Reconstruction Mode doesn't show up in movie clip editor
What happened to the blender UI
How to rotate a bone using python
how to get a list of all FCurves in a scene
Is it possible to add a loop cut and slide like this
How to do apply a shadeless material bump map
Baking AO textures causes unexpected computer shutdown
My STL format export is only 1KB in size? Any idea what went wrong?
Scrolling doesn't rotate around the model anymore, just zooms in and out
UV Editing screen not showing/available
Baking metaball solver
Lock properties from applying object transformations
How to duplicate modifier on same object?
Is there any tree structure document which tells about how blender is structured?
Will lattice deform slow down a preview animation?
A problem with Blender's Bridge Edge Loops system
I made a game and I put a skybox or simply box but when I start game the camera isn't displaying it
How to mix 2 textures using different UV maps on one object
Is it possible to vary the material color by location for a fluid?
Startup file not found in config folder
How can I model a spherical tesselation such as this one in blender?
Each face of Die a different image
When using a baked normal map it is inverted on half my model
How to keyframe constraints on bones?
Texture is not rendering
How do I toggle an objects visibility in blender game engine?
texture mapping in cycles for game model
Blender render crash when using subsurf modifiers.
2.7 How to make an anime looking object
Armature not in edit mode
How to Enable Frame Blending in Blender 2.74?
How can I get the names of the vertex groups these vertices are in?
How do I find the setting affected by a f-curve using python?
How can I determine/calculate a circumcenter with 3 points
How do I move an object using WASD (like walk mode)
Cycles is only rendering sky texture and nothing else
Full render showing nothing
Blender 2.74 loop tools make circle disappear
blender export to fbx with embed texture
Some bones do not move in pose mode
Is it possible to combine shape key values from different objects?
How to pause physics simulations
Joining Rigid Body objects after baking to shorten BVH building time
Make duplicates real produces too many objects
Compositor: File output with custom range
What does it mean when blender prints "cyclic OBU" to the console?
How can a blender driver python script access scene properties like FPS?
How to edit "skin" instead of edit bones?
Image not appearing in UV edit mode
Rotate whole animation by 90 degrees
Object doesn't show in render
Colour shift when viewing render outside of blender
What new stuff came out in the last 2-3 Month
How to create a realistic tooth enamel material?
Making a hollow, 3-D pipe/duct: after joining two cubes, how can I delete the surface inside the pipe/duct to make it hollow?
Help with Level of Detail coding
Unwanted lines showing up on rendered cube
Applying Textures in Blender
Is there a way to auto-save generated python code in Blender?
Mirror-Modifier applied, but still mirroring
Using multiprocessing to speed up multiple sound bakings
Sculpted with Multiresolution, enable Dynamic Topology wrecks mesh
I started rendering a new animation after completely rendering one before. How do I retrieve that older render?
Python API: bpy.context.selected_nodes gone?
How could I place objects (buildings) on a flat surface in the BGE?
Can't select and delete an object
How to convert my game to a newer version?
Sculpting with Dynamic Topology, using Inflate Brush, blue Artifacts appear
Odd animation (without armature) when imported in Unity
Blender Game: Transparent Shadows
Exporting Cycles Sky to skybox images
Is there an easy way to set the speed in units like km/h for an object travelling along a path?
How can we explain texture effect on the point light
Some faces of a model don't respond to UV Mapping
How to export blender material files to Unity
Rendering with direct lighting takes too long
How to copy keyframes from one armature to another
How to save multiple baked textures?
Adding a new keyframe while working with dopesheet sets the last keyframe to the current
Texture not visible in material preview
Adding custom split normals enables sharp on edges between smooth faces?
In BGE, can you make an objects animation only play when that object is in motion?
Rigging a surface for game engine
Is the Network Render addon able to render with openGL?
Vertex groups after applying mirror modifier
In the dopesheet, setting a new keyframe between two existing keyframes overwrites keyframe data
Rotating a mirrored object by 90 degrees doesn't work as expected
How to bend a mesh evenly?
Able to transport the rendered opengl frame to byte array with python script?
Blender scripting: Subdivided vertices with Catmull-Clark
Align UV map island with axis or other island
Is there a way to create a Color ID map in Blender?
How to change 'pose' of mesh without rigging?
Very spotty render. Fireflies?
How do I convert a bone to b-bone with Python and set the number of segments
Masked glare behind glass
How to deal with a scene that has both very large and very small objects
Normal map baking (cycles) edges and bleeding edges
Mesh selected, but can not enter Edit Mode
How to render a mesh transparent with a color on its edges only, with nodes?
How to paint with the clone option in Texture Paint?
Curved mesh topology
More than 32 colours for gradients in Cycles?
Mirroring a mesh
Enabling IK stretch in the IK Constraint does nothing?
Accessing screen areas from render handler
Blender cloud for speeding up physics simulation
Smoke simulation values are Resetting automatically
How do I ensure a sequence of quaternions from matrix.decompose() is continuous?
How to obtain the fisheye model from blender
Run a script only once in BGE
Is it possible to make the 3D view in the UV Editing context 'opaque'?
How to make a surface from multiples edge loops?
Can I merge objects without messing up their modifiers?
How to rig a 3D arm to the footage of my real arm in movie.
Texturing UV mapping coloring other UV Islands
Drag and drop multiple files in the VSE?
Export constraints and inverse kinematics
Is it possible to select a face in the UV editor and find it in the 3D View?
Separate/convert bones into their own armature
How to fill the selected UV island with colour when texture painting?
How can I change smoke colour?
Scripting Grease Pencil and choosing data layer to be linked
How to cut and paste part of a mesh to another mesh?
Subdivisions View parameter using Multires or Subsurf modifiers no longer increases object resolution
How to avoid particle data being stored in blend file to make it smaller?
how to save pose
Python script to align object to edge or two vertex coordinates
How do I force the netrender to render everything on GPU?
Subtract properties?
Can I display text object like a mesh?
Smooth out sharp edges in GE?
Lighting a volume with a bi-color point light
Does an HDR environment texture affect the Shadow pass?
Executable Icon
Volume scatter shader causes black spots
How to get a posebones global tail position
Blender ignores changes to python scripts
Some vertices are hidden in edit mode (not using H)
Lighting a volume with a bi-color point light (2)
Emit each particle while scaling one after another
Python Script Console
How can i randomize the objects that work as particles when moving from a Force?
Mark a point on a sphere
Blender can't get extrude to lock in odd position again
How to merge two sculpted meshes?
Texture unwrap does not appear as expected
How would I cut across a plane using a die-like mesh/curve?
Duplicate objects randomly in a delimited zone
Rendering to Texture with bgl in Python
How can I make a Bullet Tracer in BGE?
Is there a list of all nodes in blender?
Is there a shortcut to find an object in the outliner?
Making a Video using only text, correct way to do this?
Split mesh of trees into many parts
Calling bpy.ops.text.save() from '3D_VIEW' operator execute method
How to animate a character walking around?
Zoom Background Image in the VSE
How to write controller to activate Blender Game Engine actuator?
bones not importing in to unreal engine properly
Script has no effect but Python console do (Blender 2.72b)
Composite node/ Viewer node preview not showing
Problem with casting rays from the camera into the scene for each pixel
Scaling in object and edit mode
Is there a way to move multiple rigged characters simultaneously?
Trouble exporting blend to JSON Format
Material: imitate a glossy ceramic tile
Scrolling the mouse wheel scrubs the timeline
Game Start Scene
Automatically inherit an imported video's encoding
Have second window with different perspective open only when a second monitor is connected?
Simple way to creating vertices at intersecting planes and deleting leftover internal planes?
Differences between the internal and blender players
Game Engine animations not working?
Render Environment Map with Blur Effect
Camera renders blurry image in darker part of scene
How do I add a specific number of loop cuts?
Mesh's material_index is an index into what?
Apply a volumetric texture tangentially on a torus
Blender scripting: Circle Selectiong in the "3D View"
Render without video in video editing
How do I bake flat textures using cycles?
Export animation from blender to a threes.js program
How does the fisheye projection model work?
Objects behind partial-transparent objects are masked out when selected
Correct Shadow Pass in Internal?
Mist Pass differences between Render Layer and Viewer
Why won't Blender select all visible faces?
Is it possible to blend a tiled texture with itself?
How to display texture preview on a custom node?
Silent command line rendering
Can Blender be an alternative to Zbrush?
3D view is completely warped!
Object Specific Anti-Aliasing
Make Camera System Look at Empty
How can I change the camera to include more of my scene?
Material turns black through Glass material (Internal)
Blender audio-visual don't sync
My Blender duplicates the render
Using hsv curve in timeline
How to use procedural texture color as vertex group?
terrain patch texture dimensions
Axis scales in the f-curve editor
3d vertex.index equivalent in UV 2d
How to make a simple spiral w/ arrow like the Weatherman
Is it possible to bake to a texture with animatable alpha gradient?
how to make a z-depth AND height pass?
Maintaining local pivot point when importing FBX to Unreal Engine 4
Connect hair particle to emitter mesh
Is it safe to open a quicktime video file while it is rendering?
How can I control one modifier on five different models
Ways to animate edge loops sliding along a torus knot
How to setup a simple scene using Python in BGE?
IK-FK How to bend the Elbow?
Setting bouncing curve in graph editor
Loop Tools Circle deformation
Adding sliders from UI to pie menu
Error in script for the BGE
Particles as smoke
where is the texture paint image hiding?
Suddenly created meshes are invisible (even though they are checked as visible), cannot create any new objects now
How can i bake an animated and extruded curve to a mesh animation?
Update viewport while running script
Displace modifier does not work as described
Vertex Weight Issues
Flatten mesh with no distortion
Limited set of output codecs in Fedora Linux. How can I enable others?
How do i cut a black and white 2D image into a blender 3d object?
How to import recorded iPhone gyro data into blender?
NLA clips to another character
Shrinking tube or bending a cone
When extra bones are added to my rig, why don't they scale correctly?
really grainy shadows
How do I use refraction to make underwater shadows look better?
How do I use quick data entry to Scale to the 3D Cursor when using Normal Transformation Orientation?
Compositor: Export movie files
Rendering with Emission shaders seems effective in Preview renders, but not in final ones
Blender Script for animated remeshing just works "sometimes"
How should I apply a sub-dermal skin map in cycles?
How do I get hair strands to curve in blender?
Scaling objects with data modification
How to rotate object around another with rigid body constraint in BGE?
A part of a model is corrupt
Shadows/lighting not working with image texture
Why the mesh is twisting when base bone is rotated?
Scaling UV map in Y Axis to fit image
How do I make my character sit?
Export stl without applying boolean operation
advice on how to reduce the polygon count for this twisted structure (made using simple transform)
How can I make particles remain stationary on a surface?
How can I render all render passes to files in Cycles?
Blender 2.74 (x64 Linux): Application of Hair Dynamics produces unexpected results
How can I make particles not rotate after lay on the surface?
How can I make particles not pass through the surface and not get "stuck" in it?
How do you access the ruler?
Rename folder/file in blender file browser?
Is it possible to snap objects to faces in the Blender Game Engine?
How to represent Box2D joints
how to set the camera follow path using python script
horizon mapping in cycles
Changing preview animation fps
how to make camera moves slower when moving along a curve
A reliable way to make a brick tower
Ideas for how to make a cube explode into smaller cubes in game engine
Mapping texture to repeat itself from a bigger map
How to remove the effect reflection of shadow
Background image is not displaying in rendered mode
Procedural grass in BGE
Diffuse material that doesn't throw shades in cycles engine
Hexagon is distorting on x axis, when scaling on y globally
how to set camera's look-at point when moves along a curve?
Joining 2D tracking markers with an offset
Graphics Card Not Avalible in Blender Internal
Riggin my character deformes him
Create Plexus plugin-like effect
Insert Animation Keyframe works, but messes up all other Actions
How to tell whether Object is a duplicate?
How to change camera focus in Blender?
How to render particle hairs in cycles?
Copy Rotation Bone Constraint fails
2D flow simulation over a surface
Disadvantages of importance sampling
Blender: Scale a group of vertices using python
Parenting a mesh to a particle
How to display mirror reflection in viewport?
how to disable auto smoothing by default in 2.74
Render crops image from compositor
3d tracking: after render video is shorter than original (same fps and amount of frames)
problem with parent actuator in BGE
Set edge as axis for surface rotation
Manipulator handles have ceased to function
Making edges render with Cycles
How can I create a staggered, repeating procedural pattern?
Cannot load movie files on Ubuntu
problem with export animation to fbx
Will a straight edge with 4 vertices create ngons?
Paint directly on model or redo UV unwrap for new faces
large scale modelling, numeric problems?
Help with coding doors on a game im making in BGE
How to heal/fill this type of damage to a mesh?
AttributeError: __exit__ error on custom operator
how to insert keyframe for pose
How to scale a texture so it appears smaller or larger on an object, during texture painting?
Constraints and Inverse - Needs Some Explaining
how to import a texture for use on multiple items?
How to align the camera in a solved motion tracked scene?
How to start with nothing on texture, then paint texture on?
How to disable loop playback of animation?
How to increase the size of the camera and point cloud - 3d tracking
How to Move Bone Joints in Pose Mode like in Edit Mode? (without scaling)
How to create a hard straight edge while keeping this sphere's shape?
Different frames make rigid bodies act differently
How well does Blender handle multiple instalations side by side?
How to add same texture to multiple objects
light won't pass through the windows
How to rename different UV maps in blender 2.74
Random object color via python
select specific face by its index
Strange twisting from multi-chain armature
how to clear parent inverse without actually moving the object
How to tell which objects are using a Bezier Circle as bevel object?
Sort out a complex UV map for a complex mesh
What compute device does the material preview use to render?
set the UVs to their vertices's coordinates?
Why does this mesh deform when I go into object mode?
VSE proxy custom directory
Couple of questions about rendering settings using python scripts
Loop Cut and Slide in Blender 2.74
Accurate IndexOB and IndexMA passes
get object from other scene
How to get actual rendering progress and estimation from render_stats python handler?
Cross-compiling blender on linux platform for windows target
GLSL interactive lighting
Rotate UV by specific angle e.g. 30deg in Python script in backgroud mode
Cloth simulation - Object won't touch obstacles
Prevent (accidental) deletion of object
Select neighbour faces from a mesh with python
Access bpy.data in Blender addon
Mesh appears purple after join
How to bake all animation from ik to fk in blender2.66
How can I update a menu via an operator?
Methods of applying bumpiness to materials
video sequence editor- how to render video with reversed picture order?
Removing unwanted part from texture file
If you install Blender while there is an existing copy, does it uninstall the existing copy?
Exported UV map is blurry and doesn't line up with UV mapper(editor)
Setting Shader via BGL
How do I keep the objects form created by a skeleton when deleting the skeleton
Disable collision dynamics from a spacific axis?
What are the benefits of the different cylinder caps?
Why do (bgl) exceptions in modal crash blender
The "register" class function (how to declare)
How to mirror head geometry?
How to connect mesh vertex groups with bones?
a quick time+poly saving trick (Remove a section of Edge Loop)
How to model the rounded outline of a column
Solid color for each face in cycles when using image textures?
array of cylinders around sphere surface (sea-urchin-like)
Scale/Rescale using resize doesn't fit
Cannot duplicate selection
Straighten Camera in Blender
Trying to create Pacman
Particle System Slot vs Settings
Constantly running modal operator
Rotate a particular bone in edit mode without offsetting animation?
I can't find the "Surface" option
How to make a perfectly flat bottom for 3D-printing topographic relief?
A way to get Rate of Change in translation or rotation into a shader node
Solidifying a T-Junction
Changing textures realtime in game engine
Split a plane into smaller plane objects
Background picture does not appear in the render?
Rotation, move objects are not working in OS X 10.10
object sharing bevel after joined
How to retopologize low poly object with a few detailed points?
Copy rotation / IK bug while rigging
how do I remove all cameraAction
Should light be exported when rendered in a different engine?
Xray and distracting geometry
How to know which bone does the parent segmented bone will use to ease-out?
How can I make the "R" key only rotate the object around the x & y axis?
Is it possible to make seams thicker in Bender?
Mirror modifier can not be used in edit mode
writing a batch code to enable video card to support blender
Video Sequence Editor - How to make subtitles?
Slanted loop cuts
Where is the redo function in Blender?
A decent IDE / code-editor addon for blender
How to refresh F-Curve colors via python?
Unwanted purple background with image texture
Scrolling effect for GUI menu in BGE
OpenCTM import and output addon to work in recent Blender
How to add Image as object?
Editing a material without assigning it to the active object
How to move freestyle line sets to another layer?
Text objects look slightly differently in viewport and game engine
Operator docstrings displayed on buttons, not in search mode
Render is completely transparent
How to render explosions and fire animations in Blender?
Applying rotation, location and scale to model bones
How can the "Name" field in the node properties be useful for the user?
How to get the dimension of multiple objects?
Detect light amount on surface?
How can I fix the non-stitched seam that is present after applying mirror modifier?
How to instantly stop the rotation of an object in BGE?
Annoying rig parenting issue
How to add a material output node?
Middle Mouse Button View control
Best practice for creating complex models. Multiple meshes and textures?
Fluid will not lie flat on obstacle
Tesselate a plane
How to redefine an Float Property after create it?
Turn physics proccesses off and on?
Directional gravity for irregular shapes
How do you make a cluster of cubes explode?
Is it possible to get rid of n-gons/poles when using face loops?
Why is Blender moving objects with locked locations on the Y axis after exporting to FBX?
How to move multiple faces along their individual normals?
Python automate Assign parent relation and keep transform
How to save a packed image from a script
BGE: altering a cube's shape in realtime (python)
Can I use something similar to the ParticleInfo Node but for meta objects?
Some modifiers don't work on appended object (Modifier's names are red highlighted)
How to collide fluids to form vortex
Merging 2 objects, no loose parts
How do I flip normals on this model?
Documentation for accessable object properties
morph target uv maps
Blender:Cycles:Nodes:Input:Geometry:Position corrupts displacement mapping - bug or misconfig?
Creating models (levels) for a Unity game. Do I create 1 model or several?
Camera focal length settings to match a Kinect
Chained Transformation Matrices not producing predicted result
Making a stream in Blender
Missing vertices when skinning
Allow Blender Matierals to Reflect Ambient Light Color
Why is this hair particle system not properly into account the 'density' vertex group?
How do you change the default directory for saving/opening files?
Undo not working on 2.74
Unwrap can as stripes
Relation between Fresnel IOR and Layerweight blend?
how to copy and rotate already animated objects
Change the number of bones in Limit Weights, in 2.7+
How can I make the hands stopping at the ground level?
Scale, rotate and align 2 similar models
Why is the cube visible even though there are no lights?
New graphics card not rendering anything
Animate MakeHuman character with BVH using Three.js
How to make child collide
How to export a scene to Nuke?
Annoying phantom dot
Rigging a Character Model- Bone Heat Weighting Error
Cycles: compositing alpha channel
Sculpt brush isn't drawing much detail
Camera Rotation
How do You "Blockify" a Mesh?
Designing suit by cutting cloth from a model
Unlink all connected objects at once
Why are there dark shadows on model in edit view?
Cloth simulations take too much ram
Automatic Weights Different on one side than the other
How to avoid gradient banding while using a video sequence editor?
Subsurf modifier creating mesh irregularities
Is it possible to drive the length of hair particles via texture using Cycles?
Grid to many planes?
How to group nodes in Sverchok?
Why do I get large bevels on a curve with such a small bevel object?
How to make water not pass through bottom of floating object?
Smooth Movement
Why Can't rotate cloud group
How do I simulate only part of a object as cloth?
Creating a spherical array
How to make rainbow ends fade out
How do I switch low with highpoly models?
How can I update a text object dynamically in the Blender Game Engine?
How to flood fill a color in texture paint?
Greater than in python?
Is there colour picker in texture paint mode?
With 2 maps on same material i am not able to see and paint on 2nd map in texture mode
can you place markers on an axis or define constraints on the size of a mesh
Freestyle Lines on Wrong Frames
How to import procedural texture with nodes?
Weak normal map bake?
How to enable animation of linked rigged object
Texture as emission map? (Cycles, Smoke)
Equivalent tool to MODO’s Falloff
Creating areas with different levels of resolution in the same model?
BGE: realtime random shape generator (python)
Strange distortion of the image after rendering
blender 2.7 gesture inputs are discontinued?
switching between wacom and mouse
Find the largest piece in UV-editor in Blender 2.73
How to Create Dust Floating in the Air?
sphere acts weird while changing its worldPosition
Visual aid to show IK Rotation Limitations
Parent two objects, without the child getting moved by the parent
Weird default GUI layout
Graph Editor - Moving only one side of a tangent for multiple keyframes
Is it possible to convert movement animation of the floating object into animation keys?
how add properties to operator modal draw?
Cannot enter edit mode after moving item to another layer?
Render Z-stack of 2D images into 3D object in Blender
How to export a scene from Blender, in which I use modifiers and constraints, to Maya and Nuke?
How to apply the ocean modifier to get an animated object?
File format with per face colors
Weighting separated objects as one
Keyframing problem. Adds keyframes on all objects instead of the one that I selected
How to unlink a node with python?
Why Driver driven Node based material switch dose not reflect in 3D view?
Cannot assign different textures to the instances of the same object in BGE
How to get the end node of a tree in python?
How to use normal maps with nodes in Blender Internal?
Exporting render image into Photoshop and still get material distortions
Blender not showing whole images
Output from the node editor to the sequence editor
How to apply a modifier to the part of an object?
Game Engine: Cube is rolling instead of moving forward
How to make a fabric with a solidify modifier doesn't pass through itself?
Managing noise in a night scene
Stitch 2 mesh parts like in the UV stiching function
Scattering and anisotropy usage
User Varialble input failure
Camera rotates around object at awkward angle
Load, Change & Play Sound in BGE Without using Logic Bricks
Cannot execute boolean operation with imported SVG
Noob in BGE Just have anything work with python script
Loop_multi_select selects nothing?
Excluding part of the mesh from mirror modifier
more normal baking problems
How to get rid of shadow from transparent area when background lighting only in Cycles
How to find an operator's source code?
How to fix this error while importing svg?
Get raw sound data in Blender using python
Rigid body delay, switching from animated to simulated?
I'm trying to save an Image that I rendered and can see in the UV/Image Editor
Use Blender script in other applications
Bake several materials in one texture
No keyframes visible in action editor
Blender viewport and UI lag when external monitor connected
Deleting unwanted New objects in the "add Object" menu
Can one see static forces in Blender?
Is it possible in Blender to create a animated png vertical strip?
How to duplicate an object with random start frame?
How can I extrude an edge along the local axis?
How to use transparent texture in the GLSL shading mode in BGE?
How to add to a floating object, several other objects, so they swam with it?
Having added a Custom Property in Editor, how do we assign an Update function?
No inner edge ring
plane disappears during animation
Managing/Reducing noise in a night scene
Copy Rotation adding rotation to start position?
How to import parametric objects from a x3d file
How to access to Scipy.special functions within the script window
UV pie menu, need help with rip command (two functions in one)
Can we use just a script for a driver?
Is it possible to compare 2 meshes for the complementarity of their respective surfaces?
Create a radio button via python
Make blue glass shader in cycles
Why objects with cloth modifier don't move after I parent them to moving empty?
extruding circular shape
How to keep texture mapping after applying modifiers
Animation of the fabric stops and "freezes" earlier than I need to
Boolean Difference not acting as expected
Automatic Heat Weighting: Failed to find a solution for one or more bones
Create an interface which is similar to the material list box
How to repeat an image which uses Sphere mapping in Cycles
Dimension for UV unwrap
Tracking hands in Blender
Model Looks Dirty after Ambient Occlusion Bake
Add a line between two objects?
Detect object speed?
How to make text fade in and out
Knife tool with Maya Settings
Best way of creating 2D mesh from curve?
How to simulate cloth on a fast moving character?
How to keyframe object visibility within an action
Rigid body cubes exploding when on floor
Where are the Blender program files in Ubuntu 14.04?
How precisely repeat shapes?
Match Depth of Field of Background Image
How to get better anti-aliasing in blender internal?
load .x3d scene into a group
How to toggle Object visibility driven by armature layer visibility using python?
What noise.types are implemented within blender?
Object selection box with eyedropper
Require Blender to update N or T panel
Export motion path
quads to tris leaving some quads
Add renderable axis object
Is there a way to intensify the colours of an image?
Cycles Integrating glass into live footage
Normal Map Distortion Problem
Save image in video clip editor?
Why is the Mask size mismatched in the Compositor?
Python module installation does not work
How to switch between Action Actuators
Resetting camera after camera collision (BGE)
Access Variables in Other Scenes
Mesh silhouette as a polygon or pixels surrounded by the silhouette on the rendered image?
Cycles Render Engine Missing v2.74
There is no " Object Tools" it just says Transform
Fading on additional materials to a section of an object
Ways to have one mesh control another?
Object not tracking all the time?
How to make on color not overlap other while texture painting?
How do I get Blender to import a Collada file?
Copy weights from other bone and invert them, how?
How do I adjust the resolution of my render accurately? The resolution is off
Best way to bake rigid body physics?
Show banding on object
Blender BGE: set up a counter (python)
Armature causing improper deformation of model
Can Blender be used to render 80s style wireframe graphics and animations?
How to simulate a real camera with blender
Simple Camera Mapping in Cycles
Some objects are not rendered in UV pass
Disappearing textures, how do I solve it?
How Split Face Normal after 'make edge' between vertex in N-gon
Shwinkwrap with evenly spaced face edges
Custom properties for node-tree/network-style structure
Changing material in a non active scene from python (BGE)
How to duplicate a mesh within the Blender API
How to achieve "simple" deformation of a plane?
making a ball roll with drivers
What is the red and white circle that appears when I left click?
Ray only works up and down and not left and right?
Blender Cycles smoke won't render
Get active vertex through python
Export smooth SVG using Freestyle
Light Groups in v2.73
Mesh appears smooth, however it is not?
Creating correct proportions for Minecraft projects
Cell fracture makes textures low res
Can I copy shape keys from one model to another in separate files?
Problem faced while import and export
Python: Up-Vector math for Curve
How to mass refresh textures and say blender to look for them at different location
How to implement a new BRDF in Cycles
How do I get rid of unwanted corners inside a bent tube?
How to keep the details and line thickness in freestyle despite the movement of the camera?
Set various rotation points for multiple object
Cycles: how to get glass reflexion on precious stones
Strange artifacts in material transparency (viewport)
Rendered image only black and white noise
How do you set two parent bones into one child bone?
What is causing this unexpected shading in 3D view?
Transfer Weights does not affect one edge loop
My Mac Mouse has only a left button
Assign one material to multiple objects via Python
How do you sample an image at a computed coordinate in the context of a Blender Internal node-based texture?
Cannot rip multiple disconnected vertices
Transparency with a mask
How to make the chacter detect stairs and react to it
Bone parents to the wrong end
How to toggle to camera view via python?
Trouble with Blender's snapping tools and origin orientation
Preserving shading after cutting a hole
Imported .obj - textures gone
Why is mirror and subdiving co-acting wierdly?
Multiresolution modifier not working
Link the text content of two text objects
Blender Bones: How to Join Bones with Objects
What is this Shape Key Icon referencing?
Object is darker after joining it with another object just like it
Arrange UV maps of multiple objects without joining them
Some vertices stay in their position when rigged
Character bone not following constraint
Get/Set coordinates for UV vertices using Python
bpy/file browser: get selected file names
Extrude along normals issue
Character bone not bending after adding pole target
Spontaneous generating edges?
How to import FBX with multitrack (multi take) animations?
Lighting specific objects in cycles with volumetric atmosphere
Is there a way to link uv's so as to tile them onto an object?
Texture painting on the alpha channel (2.73)
Is there a way to tile a texture automatically over an object?
How do I UV Unwrap Part of my Object?
Action won't go away!
Get the DEF property of a x3d node
Finding Bezier Curve Line
Text Properties in Blender 2.68
Shrinkwrap modifier not applying correctly
Problems while import/export of a .OBJ file
Not enough RAM for baking particles
Is there a "get individual"?
I can't find the pass with foam
How to render a wireframe & glow lines effect on a house?
Why won't these faces UV unwrap?
Particle system renders particles without object physics
(Biological) Cell Surface
texture is facing the wrong side of the mesh
Add a group instance with python
How can I morph a flat plane to be a flat cirlce?
How to prevent sculpting tools from affecting faces through thin walls?
VSE Motion Blur?
Unknown Syntax Error in Code
How can I update a mesh's physics while in the game engine?
How to set up a render farm
Working with high polycounts?
Animating water surface from .csv temporal xyz data
Unlink text from audio
"bpy.path.abspath" not working properly
Exporting to WebGL
How to create a Nebula in Cycles?
Using VSE. Rendered video and now nothing is showing up.
How to hide a portion of a mesh that is blocked by another mesh on a nonrendered layer
Texture not showing up
How would people usually create smoke?
How can I attack to different portions of the screen?
How do I import a dxf?
World view does not display face/vert count
How can I make a wrought iron basket?
Character rigging challenge
What is the importance of low poly vs high poly?
Rendering a tracked scene without background
How do I construct a transformation matrix from 3 vertices?
cloth modifier on a t-shirt
Blender Physics - Keep plane from falling over?
Is Dynamic shutter speed in Sampled Motion Blur possible?
Texturing the sides of a cube (without UV mapping) only appearing correctly in Rendered View?
Video not showing
Objects pulse to sound?
How can I make face uv orientation clearer?
Multiple KeyErrors leading to segfaults with custom properties
How to animate light's energy
How do I animate spinning arm with spinning end
Unapplied curve modifier not applying after export?
Smooth shading and colored shadows
Render separate "back part" and "front part" so I can place something in between in other program?
Convert a C3d and TRC files to BVH
How can I delete polygons with negative y coordinates?
Which external renderer should I use for architectural visualization?
How to view vertex' colors?
Render Scenes from Sintel movie realistically
Converting from quads to triangulated mesh
Animate 8-shape kite flight pattern with fixed camera mounted to it
Advice on how to approach scene involving zooming down to atomic scale?
Cycles, UV Project Camera Modifier projects forwards and backwards
Transform Rotation into location problem
Creasing edge with "Subdivision surface" modifier on rounded surface
Problem after joining meshes
Without using an Empty, how is it possible to have an object bend on the Y (or X) world axis using the Simple Deform modifier?
Bullet holes in game engine?
How to make feet act as lower position limit for IK rigs
How to get Unity3D to work with curve on tank track? (unapplied)
Push Faces Like Sketchup
Jump actuator not working
Background environment texture not rendered in viewport or final render
Pose Mode: How to reset transformed armature to its rest position?
Why is this glass Cycles material casting solid shadows?
How do I load an MP4 file with Blender 2.74 under Fedora?
Multiple Blender processes for multiple GPUs?
Resize object in Blender as in Unity
Blender Python mesh.from_pydata?
Delete pickle file with python within Blender
Trying to restrict movement of player without causing it to fly off the screen
Materials show up in solid view, but just appear black in material view
Colors Change To Music?
Realistic Colored Fur?
How do I pack textures for sending off to a render farm
Clamp to Constraint Offsetting Bone in Pose Mode, but Snap to Cursor isn't Working
How to get the image textures around for eyes, eyelashes, and eyebrows when exporting a human model from MakeHuman
Is there a way to scale by an absolute distance, rather than a percentage?
How to nicely render mathematical object made from slices
Seeing through objects in Game engine
Why is snap bone to cursor not working in pose mode?
Reverse effect of Defocus node?
About FPS bones
How to make 360° renders for Virtual Reality devices (ie Oculus, etc) using Blender?
Problem with rigging after object rotation
My particles are vanishing after 250 frames, not sure whats going on. (Lifetime is set to 350)
Check which types of physics are used in the complete scene/blendfile
Rigid bodies with gyroscopic element
Double simulation time to achieve 0.5 speed effect (slow motion)
Cutting a part into two objects using a plane
Create copies of primitives a number of times along a given or random length between two primitives
How can I make a conveyor belt FBX that spins without rigging?
material not fading alpha smoothly in blender internal
Need Texture To Fade Around the Edges
How can I layer two images, to be used as height information in a Bump node, while retaining control of the Strength Value of each?
Objects don't touch when they collide?
Particles are passing through one object and deflecting off another?
Why does this happen every time I unwrap my textures?
Cycles texture with alpha doesn't work after using AnimAll for animating UVs
how can i Attach both hands to the same object (gun's main grip and front grip)?
Can Cycles CUDA utilize more than 2GB of VRAM?
How can I change the angle of an edge loop?
Moving all particle keys at once?
Spin mesh (to create solid of revolution)
Getting the number of faces a certain vertex is part of
How to render a volumetric shadow?
Blender 2.73 textures in solid view mode
Modal Operator double keytrigger (RELEASE triggered twice on Ubuntu)
Inconsistent boolean behavior
How to move vertices without duplicating them?
Can I increase the range of armature frame ghosting?
When rendering my mirrored object, why does a line appear down the middle?
Creating pockets using bmesh/python
Is there an easy way to add a hole into an object?
Unable to select parented mesh
How to achieve more physically accurate motion in the game engine?
Preparing 29.97 and 30 fps video for VSE
How can I make a specific color on my model emit?
Painting shapes and patterns on the mesh
Subdivision surface modifier distorts shape
Weight paint not showing weights for right bone
parent an object to a bone in python
Boolean union and solids compenetration
When emitting particles in a volume, how do I prevent particles from appearing inside other objects within that volume?
Object transformations not applying when running Blender in batch mode
Mesh Transformation with rig?
Why is my cube projection messed up in one scene but not the other?
Why is my object appearing as a series of incomplete lines in the 3D view?
Unlinking object
Why doesn't smoothing work in sculpting mode?
My properties panel is horizontal, how do I turn it back to vertical?
Cannot access to addon preference value
Center viewport key in Blender breaks the viewport
Render multiple material previews
CUDA rendering on Linux Mint or Ubuntu variants
Blender 2.74 - problem opening rigged model created in 2.73
Why I can't keyframe position of hips bone?
How to avoid desaturation when using glossy material
Blender Render, can't render a background
Boolean Modifier Red Won't Work or Behaves Strange
Render farm: is "pack all" all I need or should I do something more?
Some walls appear too bright while others appear fine
How can I calculate and draw the center of mass of various objects, with Python?
Material Mode in Shading Panel
How can Blender be augmented to display color critical and accurate results?
Wacom tablet acting oddly
Odd black specks in Render
Need some help baking, "No active image found in material"
How to avoid float texture limit for GPU rendering
Simple parquetry tiling
Is there a way to use local transforms without pressing keys twice?
What methods can I use to reduce such a visible seam?
I want an animation such that this window move from right to left
Noise reduction in tight area in cycles
Voronoi map in the compositor
Change merge shortcut?
Edge line appear in render result
Import script as a module
Is there a non-blender API for producing blend files?
Alt+S doesn`t work as expected
Lock camera on an axis?
Looping Video Question
Make materials colors show on textured solid?
How can I connect a set of vertices to make a 3D model, with a script?
How can i make my material more prominent?
Workflow for developing add-on/script
Black reflections at extreme angles with glossy shader on smooth surfaces
Is there a way to make the active selection more noticeable?
How to use GPU in Blender Render?
How do you move multiple faces by equal increments?
Can't Add Platonic Solids in Blender via Script
exporting animated model to unity 5 totally deform the mesh
Video output is bad quality
Wrinkles or cloth stimulation
Use Proportional Editing for whole faces not individual vertices
Merging isn't solving this. Line apparent in Object Mode
Add-on has a warning that "this script is RC". What does this mean?
Armature chain follow a path
Printing items too many times?
XBOX Controller setup in BGE not working
Is it possible to paint only on selected vertices in vertex paint?
Video Editing - System Resources not being used
How to move the center of scaling
Blender Shader in OpenGL/GLSL
Problem rendering scene
Matte Render from Alpha
How can i get a proper reflection on a material without a background or another objects?
Material shading options in 3d viewport limited for Curve objects?
How to set collision bounds for Armature object
Boolean Modifier Union produces non manifold edges
Is it possible to render outlines in BI/Cycles using this technique for the BGE?
World Background in Blender Internal Viewport
Why are my objects not visible when looking through camera and starting the game
How to texture a rooftop
Using rigify, Automatic weights parenting fails
Delete datablocks in GE?
Is it possible to bevel vertices in a plane?
Can you export compositor nodes?
Transformation amount locked
animation: edit the way an object moves by grabbing the pose in the curve editor or graph editor
Will Warp bridge these two objects?
How to create straps on character clothing?
Objects won't render when camera is parented to an object
Where are PyNode socket values stored?
How do I model these spoilers?
unknown syntax error in python
How to extrude properly?
How to cut holes in a plane with multiple meshes without adding to the plane?
How to maximize a view (ex. front ortho) in Blender?
How to do custom Freestyle brush shape in Blender 2.74?
Why is what I am seeing in my particle effect animation playback, not what I get when I render it?
Straight UV maps?
Model is multiple colors and renders with artifacts
How to remove one of the group inputs
Black screen when creating movie
VSE-Background image behind foreground video. Alpha over, alpha under don't work
How do I select a vertex in edit mode
Clarifying Blender skeleton animation and OpenGL
Can Blender Render on Systems without a GUI?
backside selected only by border select and lasso, but not mouse click
Rendering a 3D Tracked Scene
How do I make a glowing image texture
nodes in blender game engine
Is it possible to get an objects scale through an input in the cycles node editor?
How do I make the operator parameters panel appear in the sequence editor instead of the 3d view?
Why dont i get curves on the graph editor?
Making a Mobile "Roadblock"
Fill tool not respecting the boundaries of my face selection mask
View follows object when object moves? How do I turn this off?
Create a linear brush stroke with weight paint?
increasing amount of side faces on object made from cylinder
What are some use cases for the singlar ray output?
How can I properly import this .OBJ file?
Where is "Regular Solids" option?
Are the books written for blender 2.5 or 2.6 still useful for the latest blender 2.7 version?
Button Support for 3dConnexion SpaceMouse Pro
How to hide Stencil in Texture Paint Mode
Stencil Image low resolution
How to use KX_CharacterWrapper.walkDirection
Bevel Gear Creation
Why does my version of Blender not include MPEG as an output format for animations?
sky background not rendering with scene
Play two nlatracks simultaneously
Is it possible to save all rendered images (in the render buffer slots) in one operation?
Can't get particles via molecular addon (v1.0.2) to behave naturally (e.g. dirt or sand)
What are the advantages of turning on "cache BVH"?
Force uv unwrap to obey seam
Wringing a torus around the circumference of its major radius
Advanced Rigging For Robot Arms/ legs IK
Posing a modeled hand
Getting Blender to export .ply files with vertex colors
I cant see the background images
can we render only audio in blender?
Does keyframe 0 have a "special" use case in blender?
Audio Visualizer Script Error
Blender Game Engine, python inserting a cube at coordinates
Can we integrate Sensors to blender
Python BGL: X-Ray mode
Python: Create Polyline and Polyloop
Duplicating non primitive mesh with Python
Re-do view of a photo via DEM data and Blender
Update StringProperty on object selection change?
How can I create a realistic space ship click based controls like EVE Online using BGE?
2.74 Camera Solve failing despite having 8 consistent tracks and matching keyframes
Proportions in python?
Unlink image from the Image Editor using Python
How to create a pop-up menu to get numerical input
How to set object dimension
Accessing Scale data from motion tracked point
Bind keys in GE?
Is "Separate RGB" identical to "Separate XYZ"?
How can I adjust background color of blendfile previews?
Can a Script node using OSL have a checkbox?
Q: Remove materials using same image? (Python?)
Cause Blender to cleanly exit with non-zero error code
Cycles material What is the syntax to access texture mapping location?
Is it possible to register to the redraw event in Blender?
Get played action name
Connecting NodeSockets of differing types
Split Screen Resolution Problem (Game Engine)
In cycles material how to get stencil effect similar to blender internal material
(Blender Cycles 2.74) can´t see smoke on the render image
Gold foil material for export
Cycles why image squence texture is automatically animating?
Blender Orient an object (displaying Vector Arrows)
Blender Smoke Domain Cube casts a shadow
Problem with UV mapping/bake AO
Fluid won't bake
How to list all scenes, objects, sensors, controllers, actuators, etc
Why is "UVs" menu not visible?
Blender graph editor bezier
Cannot Open Or Start AVI Movie File?
How to get rid of out of frame black borders around a scaled down movie overlay
Material will not assign to selected vertices
Planet texture generator
How to make a fluid animation cycle?
Rigging, can not rotate the bones. Rigify Pitchipoy
Rigify/Armature - additional bones cause unwanted deformation
beveling 2D cutout shapes not working as expected
Reversing and resetting rigidbodies?
How can I render the emission only?
Rotation animation on z-axis in Blender
Reset property in toolbar for each script run
Make several (same level) objects children of new empty?
Make a trail inside the bge
My reference image won't show!
How to show more digits in blender when working at a small scale
How to offset root position of an animation?
Sculpt mode not showing the vertices/faces of a mesh?
I can't rotate or pan but I can zoom
Make object glossy, but not reflect other object's colors?
Combining mesh from skin modifier to manifold object
How to reduce vertex count on a mesh
How to constrain resizing in blender?
Audio/Video out of sync in rendered video, but not in VSE
UV mapping and removing hidden faces?
Cycles image texture node is writen in python or c?
Making grass. Difference between hair particles and emitter?
Equirectangular world-map UV layout
Shortened properties in GE?
Set origin in modifier-stack
Set Origin to geometry not available
Rendered animation is incomplete
Controlling the "strength" of cycles' Bump node
3D tool add-on window locks/freezes when importing an image with Python
Replace background while using HDRI for lighting?
Edit/Object mode texture different
Is it possible to change shortcuts for the add menu?
Why won't any faces show up in the UV Image Editor?
How can I deactivate all the materials before rendering in Cycles?
How do the solid OpenGL lights found in the system preferences work?
How do I make steel in cycles using 2.5 as the IOR?
How To Stop a Texture from Tiling in the BI
Active image of UV/Image Editor
How to offset the texture coordinates of an object with an array modifier for mapping an image texture?
UV Texture from Photoshop won't show
Why does python need you to define a properties's existence?
With make runtime, python modules doen't work
"No module named 'bge'" in console?
External neighbors
selecting many objects inside blender and export them as seperate .obj with one click?
Polka dots shader
Can normals be forced to point outward at each vertex/face?
Is there a simple/concise explanation out there of script manipulation of mesh objects?
Use cycles to bake textures for a physically based engine
How do I create 2 Edge Loops adjacent to selected Edge Loop?
How to a make a sphere out of spheres
How can i make a proper light inside a circle with objects so their surface is illuminated?
Fire and Smoke Attributes
Child object does not render - even after setting duplication to none
Curve Bevel going outwards not inwards
Alpha transparency making wall transparent
Combine 2 Scenes / Volumetric Fog from BI to Cyles
How can I soften my Volumetric Light borders?
How can I make a plane always look at camera?
How to access an objects DupliGroup instances from Python?
2.74 not using all CPU cores when baking rigid body physics
Certain textures don't work as particle textures?
Volumetric shader not showing up in render
How to model a frustum with specific radii?
How to change camera movement speed on Path during animation
Near/radar/ray/collision sensors refuse to work
ALSA lib confmisc.c:768:(parse_card) cannot find card '0' and etc Errors happend in Ubuntu Server14.04
How can I make this render more realistic
How do I work with User Ops Nicely? How do I manage selection state?
Importing normal maps from obj/mtl
How to combine Z-Transparency and Mask Transparency in BI
Hair Image Texture is black?
How to ensure there are no holes in my geometry?
Can i redraw the UI inside an operator?
How can I make a simple volumetric light on Cycles?
Mesh doesnt change in the viewport while view port shading is in render mode
delete properties in messed up file
My Alpha/PNG background isn't working
How can I erase part of a mesh using another mesh?
Linux Ubuntu CUDA rendering not available
Need help with my topology when sculpting and using boolean mod
Folding a cube (animation)
Export custom mtl file
Create a Matcap from Textured Model
Python BMesh: index of new verts?
Difference between 'Bounding Box center' and 'median point' pivot?
Can't add objects to scene
Subdividing a mesh into convex subvolumes and tagging faces
Equirectangular world-map UV layout - the sequel
Is there a way to make normalized coordinates the default in the UV editor
What are the reasons why automatic normal recalculation might fail
Can't Parent one bone to another - this option is inactive
Determine if the cursor is over Tools shelf, Properties shelf or 3D content
specify cache output folder?
why do not have a " export uv layout option"
How to move baked curves in graph editior?
It is possible to mask a Image Texture with Emission?
Combining speed control and transform effect strips
Weird lighting problems in video?
How do you disable physics force field for multiple objects/meshes?
Why can I not keyframe this armature?
Blender rendering is grey and black
How can I make my particles freeze in time and convert them into a Mesh?
How to do weight paint on one side, even with mirror modifier
Use baked texture on the same object creates lines without color
Why Is Blender Missing Buttons?
Weird bone rotation in copyRotation Constraint
How to add hollows on the surface of mesh and don't make it too complicated for future modelling
How to find if a point is inside a mesh?
"Curve From Mesh/Text" not working on wireframe of cube
Using Texture Nodes for the Displace Modifier
Extrude in same angle?
Export keyframes as baked meshes?
Eyelashes in Cycles
How to set object's rotation from python?
How to move bones rest position from Python?
How can a smoke domain be hidden from render?
How can I make an object face or locate to the active camera?
matrix_world not giving correct results
How to download to england
Snap to face not working
Rendering Ambient Occlusion onto alpha instead of white
Intersected meshes make chain break
Truncated Icosahedron
How to create realistic blinking/shining stars in BGE?
Python: fix normal of a new polygon
How to mirror an animation
How do you resurface these objects into one object?
How to fix outdated internal index table in an addon
How to make this Mouse Cursor Script work in Blender 2.74? (BGE)
Boolean operation problem with child object after save / load
Changing an MTL on an OBJ file
Array Modifier - Equal space between all duplicates (Loops)
Textured viewport for UDIM material in cycles
How can I use Network Render on viewport's "Rendered" mode?
Sequencer won't show the actual animation
Blender Python Data (equality works between instances, identity not)
Is there a way to pack selected UVs around unselected UVs?
are bpy.context.object and bpy.context.active_object STILL the same?
Prevent quad view from resetting?
Smart Selection Increase like Modo
Is it possible to use different CUDA-capable graphic cards to render simultaneously?
Unable to see anything after importing .obj file
How to set the current scale to 1?
Draw text with 2 colors in viewport
A snakelike group of Objects running on the same path
I can't get the hair on my model to render, or even apply color. (Buzzcut)
Multi-line Text in blf (with multi colour option)
Options Missing from File browser
Why won't logo display properly in solid mode?
Can faces of one object be selected by the shape of another object?
How could I modify this Building Placement Code for an RTS (BGE)
How to increase the number of faces in a model
How do I get bevelled edges from the inside of a mouth?
Compute device list not showing card name when using OpenCL
Given a grouping of selected vertices in a mesh, how do I test if they form a contiguous edge loop?
How to import multiple .obj files and keep the overall structure intact?
Why do still renders look sharper than animations?
Wrong result applying boolean modifier to an object
In blender can we use svg as material texture?
Selection goes through objects
How can I access bone's 'animation_data.action'?
How to drive text based off of a value
Reinstance Physics Mesh
.blend files 'magically' shrinking?
Where can I find reference images for building modeling?
Blender freezes up, after hibernate while Blender is 'Not Responding'
"Add driver" not on menu
Blender cycles dof viewport problem
Python, OpenGL to pick geometry only defined in the script
My arrayed object is not following the curve I've assigned to it using the Curve Modifier
NURBS surface from branching curves?
Custom data of vertices, Vertex Layers
Compositor - Frameserver Input
Remove extra points in export to SVG
Can I choose when animation in animated dupli-groups starts?
The Significance of 1 Energy Unit When Baking in Cycles
Why, despite matching FPS, does the audio not match the video in the rendered file?
Getting Textures To Apply
Can I import animations into other blender files?
Controlling the direction of curve extrusion
How to enable CUDA rendering without running as root?
Alpha channel through glass material instead of background (Cycles)
Why is tracking getting less accurate after going past cached frames?
Assign a different material to objects within dupli_group instances
How can i randomize the position of particles even more?
Can Blender manipulate remote assets, without me having to download them to the client machine manually?
Trying to make a spine-like structure in blender
VSE export XML?
How do I create a hinged wing?
Draw and update text in viewport without modal operator in blender
Deform a flat shape while retaining the original mesh
Paint not showing up in Cycles?
Paint Brush Offset
How to keep initial orientation when adding copy transforms constraint?
Regions in my scene seem to render with less illumination
Wrapped packaging model?
Min/Max object coordinate values
Is it possible to do OpenCL rendering on Intel processors?
How to use a Dupligroup as a hair Object
Texture Painting mode: Missing data warning
Animating a tracked object outside camera solver's frame range
Setup network render for cycles render on LAN
TIME_TRANSLATE don't work
On returning to my file 'Play Rendered Animation' says 'file not found'
Is there a way to render out an animation from the 3D view?
How do I add a loop to this script?
Is there an effective way to cut out a portion of a model without destroying it's topology?
save avi files in blender using python script
How can I convert the data from an image node into data for a mix node
Duplication follows an UV sphere but rotates duplicates
How to distribute objects in a circular pattern on a surface (Radial Array, Polar Array)
Switching visible objects via driver
Problem with paths in my script, relative to local python file
Fatal Python error: GC object already tracked
How can I copy soft-body settings to other objects?
How to fix: no surface button in the materials tab
Why is my render taking so long?
Realistic vegetable shading
Collada export breaks bones
Python - Changing scenes' header color gives fever to CPUs
Is possible to draw over render image and save it?
Animate clouds texture for blender sky
Blender final render changes at last frame?
Game Engine - Getting depth map
How to constrain emission particles?
How can I convert a low resolution image to a mesh?
How to convert this logic to python code?
How can I get vertex painted .obj files to import into Blender?
Ctrl+Z in Viewport triggers compositor
Blender 2.74 Windows 64bit quits and displays hz issue
Material importing and exporting problems (wavefront .obj format)
Cloth simulation staying in plane
Weird alpha bleeding
Can honey bee colony simulation be done in Blender?
Twist an object along multiple axes like a roller coaster path
How do I scale my reference images correctly within Blender and is there an easier way?
How to edit a glass shader to make it look like bumpy frosted glass
How to bridge edge loops with a twist of .5?
update text after edit mesh with handlers
How to make custom bump maps
Towel hairs taking up too much gpu memory
Mask out certain objects?
Multiple Objects don't move correctly in same armature
Nested Particle Systems
Is it possible to associate non-blend files with Blender?
How does the Cloth Stiffness Scaling option work?
Material isn't loading properly from the imported .obj file
Weird geometry when using Mirror + skin modifiers
Object doesn't show in edit mode
How to make hair material different from the plane itself?
How can I apply a texture to a single mesh face?
How can I use a single action to trigger animations in multiple objects?
Why is the Default Screen layout not showing all objects?
Why does my render have a gamma value different from the viewport?
Why are my bones rotating the wrong way?
Why can't I see my work in render?
View Colors outside of render
Why won't my creature parent to its armature
Blender 2.74 Depth-of-field is okay at 3D-viewport, but not in Render
Displacement Map Not Working
Scale a 3D beveled bezier path vertex on 1 axis, not 3
Make water wheel with hinges
It there a possible way that I could scale all the objects individually?
When modeling, is there a way to have light shine from behind viewport camera?
How to simulate water pushing a wheel
Can I have a unique UV map for each frame?
Degrees, euler quaternion?
How to use bpy.ops.ui.eyedropper_color
relationship between light intensity and 8bit grayscale
Make path move like snake in snake game
Animation by scripting
Open user preferences directly into Add-ons tab
My Enviroment Background doesn't show up?
How to calculate centripetal force in BGE?
Why is the rotation gizmo not working in 2.74?
How can I subdivide a lattice?
When I import files they "spawn" too far away from the origin?
How to select specific objects to make their keyframes appear on the Dope Sheet?
How to make a 'rocky' material with procedural bump?
Is there a way to have Cycles skip rendering alpha?
Repairing torn or corrupted meshes
How to get correct results when baking a fluid simulation
How to achieve clean Topology at joining edge of dissimilar features?
Is there a way to control children hairs so they don't cut through a mesh?
bpy.ops.wm.addon_expand(module="module_name") works in console, but not in add-on
How to make car deform when hits and keeps this form
How to use the result of a modifier stack to create a new object?
Unselect hidden mesh after unhide
Render semi-transparent self-intersecting surface in cycles
How can i modify a Displacement texture roughness?
Copy driver transform object when creating new scene
How can i make a Bump/setoff accurate to its own texture map?
Cycles outlier removal for hot pixels - would that make it "biased"?
Adding surface scratches
Is there any kind of 'point' of 'target' in order to center things shown in the camera view?
Why do my objects still look blocky even after adding a subdiv modifier?
Create videos with loops and breaks
Why are material animations not responding?
How to fix wrong bone axes to edit the animation in the graph editor?
Rendering using CLI
How to make dynamic text in GE?
After exiting blender, texture I was painting shows up black
How change the Pie Menu Radius with python?
Multiple extrude along curve
Animate a Bezier curve deforming a mesh, without the mesh awkwardly rotating
Network Render quality settings
How to import .bobj files in Blender?
How to move a mesh without disturbing origin point
How do I use Proxies in the VSE correctly?
Data visualization using Dynamic Paint /Particle System
Curve not smooth after deleting more than n-3 vertices, where n is amount of every vertex in path
Manipulation jumps full blender unit
How can I create a flowing, rippling water surface effect that follows the curves of a river mesh?
How to add a working navigation mesh and path finding to a maze in blender game engine?
How can I select faces by color with Python?
Mesh array on curve
How do I create an Operator which requires the user to select a text buffer before it does any work?
How Do I Use Armatures , I cannot get them to work with my meshes
Where is the image Mapping tab?
How are color images used as input values in nodes?
How to use particles in Yafaray
Why are objects visible when set not to be?
Changing a material effects both text objects
I can't render audio with my video
How to bevel edges next to ngons?
controlling the number of edges in a "object in curve" (Sverchok)
Fluid flow object does not generate any fluid
Functions of the Texutre Coordinate Node
Is it possible to use different object interaction display modes on different objects in the same scene?
How does hair particle friction work?
Why can I not move bones in pose mode with mouse?
Adding sound in Blender
Animation showing last frame when played?
Import sw parts to blender
Emission and Transparant mixture works in 3D View but not in Render
How do I reduce tesselation effect with textures?
How can I make an object emit light in Cycles?
Is there a file format with CSG operations that blender can import?
How to create trigger for character to switch scenes in BGE?
What are all values in bound_box?
Cycles render showing up black and weird
Why is the subsurf modifier not creating smooth geometry?
Is there a way to create per-face/per-vertex normals?
Can I disable alpha when baking textures?
Tris to Quads using UV map
How can I get particles to collide with objects?
How can I unlink all images from a project?
Cycles - losing renders layers
Game Engine Texture errors
How can I duplicate a model and it's armature, so the rig still works?
How do you export a blender file as an .avi file in Blender 2.74?
The process of rendering animation in Cycles Render
Why is this arm bone bending the other way after exiting edit mode?
Image not found may be unpacked or not saved after animation problem
Merge object at vertex
Overriding Node Wrangler Keyboard Shortcuts
Nicely merging different extrusions
Is there a way to show distribution of UVs as a heat map?
Change focus on mist pass for getting DOF in composition
How to implement custom icons for my script/addon?
How to make an animation so that it is smooth and plays at one speed?
How to make that hair, coat & similar things animate automatically?
How to make the light from the flashlight in Blender Cycles?
How to make it so that objects don't pass through each other?
How to Model a Mushroom shape?
How to turn off symmetry in texture paint mode
How to animate the twisting of a rope?
Python Scripting: Remove Curve Object
Is there a render engine with complete GPU support and Blender integration
Python Scripting: remove animation from mesh/object
Is there an equivalent to Remove Doubles for Bezier curves?
Blender as a Python Module: Import COLLADA
call exporter with python
Which is faster: A math node tree or an OSL shader?
Pull and slide along edges simultaneously
Why do I get the error "Camera not Multi-View Camera"?
How to make two characters have their own texture
luxrender gpu render farm
Animating model instances
Is there a way to not limit vertex painting to visible geometry?
How do the AV-sync, Frame Dropping and No sync in Timeline work?
blender timeline in seconds instead of frames
Cycles - Adding an object with emission shader makes part of my scene darker?
Is it possible to animate textures?
How can I align a text object to curve without deformation?
Not colliding ray?
Is the w-coordinate of the UV coordinate system supported by Volumetric materials?
How to import .dng files
How can I add banded lines to the end of cinnamon sticks(or sheets of wood)?
How to texture a cube so that each face has the same uv coordinates?
Highlighting parts of objects throughout animation
Problems with clipping
A more portable blender game engine?
How to make a procedural hair strand texture?
How to enable and disable Add-ons via Python?
How do I create an 8 sided die from one object?
Make layout panels, close panels
Visual viewport controls
Use the console to orient the camera plane exactly parallel to the x-y plane?
How to rotate bezier circle with an object following its path?
Is it possible to select multiple objects based on mesh and not origin?
Convert particle hair to anime-style mesh hair and keep all physics animation
Add-on doesn't show up in the Toolbar
When working with different scenes, lower channels fade out
Updating the blender simulation by scripts
Add object won't work in standalone BGE player with linked objects
Odd item movement - very blocky?
How to separate texture-alpha without premultiplying the color?
UV Unwrap/UV Skinning: Blender vs. 3DS Max
Save 3D view in rendered shading in HQ
Does a model exporter embedding materials as GLSL scripts exist?
solid scene gets transparent on render in Blender internal
Seeing invisible objects in the dope sheet
How do I add lots of holes into the surface of my model?
What does static/dynamic BVH do?
How to make a jelly material?
Custom Menu for bpy.context
How to write a simple Wavefront-OBJ exporter in Python?
Foreground Render washes out background Photo
Merge duplicate edges and vertices
Saving user preferences per project
Around-Corners Transparency in Cycles?
NEW Xcode WWDC15 - Export from Blender - Supported formats - Alembic(.abc)
Rotation in rigid body physics
Choosing a video file format when rendering doesn't work
How can I access a texture's alpha from Blender Render's material nodes?
How did this guy inset this face?
Character Motion in BGE: Hold Two keys at the same time
Cycles - Skybox using 6 projected images
How to make dirty looking object?
How do you hide UV seams?
Viewport does not display full image
How do I delete keyframes on a plane track?
How to save an image in UV/Image Editor with grease pencil strokes visible?
UV Unwrap - follow active quads
Why is my texture appearing differently in texture mode compared to render display mode?
How to make a "rope" like object with even width throughout the whole object? (image inside)
Problem exporting model from Blender to 3DS Max
How to render just one scene?
How can I render different scenes at different frames?
Is there a way to insert keyframes for a group of frames using python?
How can I make this cinnamon stick material more rough and dusty looking?
Combining Video Editor Scenes in One Scene
How can I make flaky edges for cinnamon stick?
How get drawing area in callback for quadview?
Modify .wrl color in Cycles
Texture repeating problem
Why is there still a white background even though a transparent png image is used?
Weight painted movement mesh is jagged when moving bones. How will I usually fix this?
What do you do if you dont have a numpad
How do I name a mesh using Python, when I don't know its present name?
How to set up SSS on cycles for efficient rendering
Is it safe to use approximate gather method to bake AO maps?
Install blender on CAELinux
How to Join two objects properly
Why are game engine properties changing 1 tick late?
How do I UV unwrap and texture onion-like object?
Animation within a game using property
Project mesh on surface (or clip face with rotation)
Weight painting deforms an object
Deform mesh along two curves
Material controls are missing
Passive rigid body physics not working with screw modifier
Set Vertex normals to vertex color in Python
Scrolling credits
Find location of a specific point on a UV texture on the 3D object
Filling a hole in a face with loop cuts forming a 2-way intersection?
Subsurf creating stretched faces
Render audio button function and use
Shading problem at loop-cut with subsurf and smooth shading
how to interact between diferent scenes in BGE
Extruding a bone error
Get the angle of an edge
Is it possible to copy and paste vertex weight?
How not to lose quality of image with brush
Difficulty Loading Images in UV Editor
Blender won't start on Tails 1.4 (Debian)
exporting UV texture
Lighting change when baking
how to make an object mask, which fades in and out?
Simple Python for loop causes Blender to suddenly hog 75% of all ram
Spending Time Rendering Transparent Tiles
How to add a game object to another scene at a specific position?
Put complex shape flat on the table
Two viewer nodes, switch between output images
linux+cycles+cuda: nvcc fatal: Value 'sm_52' is not defined for option 'gpu-architecture'
Placing objects using a relative coordinate system
How to rotate an object from a reference plane
What does the 'F' button and '2' button do (materials tab)?
Why is X mirror not working on a mesh?
How can these textures get fixed?
Braid not colliding with clothing (Curve Problem?)
What is the difference between duplicating and instancing an object, in regards to the materials they point to?
How can I create a portal?
How to subdivide part of mesh but not apply the modifier?
How to combine two different textures into one
How to reset local orientation / frame of reference of object created from array modifier?
Stl Files and Adding Bases
Bringing out text within an Image Texture
How can I prevent an object from being too deformed when using a Curve modifier?
UV auto update not working
Does Blender remember every manipulation done?
Can IK constraint be setup so it respects constraints of affected bones
How can I execute Blender from a script?
How to import an object across scenes (sort-of)
Blender Wacom buttons not recognized - Linux Mint
Why can't I mirror some poses?
Black Lines Along UV Mapped Model
How can I create a shortcut to activate / deactivate multiple checkboxes?
What is this U.V. artifact?
How to import a .mhx file into blender using a python script
Combining an image seqence into a single image
Show sample rate pass on Yafaray
Camera animation with local curves
What's the best output and encoding for 60fps animation?
"Select Interior Faces" buggy and unpredictable?
Allow ray to see through properties?
How to rotate a mesh around another one?
How to install Blender on OS X (Blender directories?)
uv map not mapping
How can I fix these faces?
Freestyle External Contour has Large Gaps. Error Related to Topology?
Missing Faces when importing to Ue4 and Unity
Get Bone to track another armature
Blender Cycles quickly renders animation just black
What are surfaces and metaballs used for?
Exploding an OBJ file for export to 3DS
Why aren't my creases working?
Particle System, want to emit a particle AND a lamp
How to set a background using the cycles render engine with the API
Bones no longer bend the mesh after using "X axis mirror"
How to disable scene shading and view Vertex Colors only?
Wrap cylinder around sphere
Atmosphere Colour Change (Blender Render)
Blender UV unwrapping causes texture to repeat in UDK material
how can I download Blender 2.75 RC for mac?
Motion capture in Blender
Get pose from bones that get motion from parent objects
How can I select a vertex/edge/face created by modifer, without applying modifier
Why is the smoke preview not showing in Blender's viewport?
Example of creating and setting a Cycles material node with the Python API
Atmosphere appears on the dark side
Holding left mouse to loop sound file
Blender forces computer to reboot after mistyping extreme value for resolution icosphere
How can I exclude meshes or objects from being renderd
How to move vertices while modeling?
File format storing bind pose joints in parent space
Does installing/running Blender tamper in any way with my system/settings or install additional software/required components?
Accessing a render in a remote GUI instance
How to get cycles bake progress in Python?
Grease pencil - No object selection
How do I Texture paint with Realistic Textures?
Rotate an object around an axis using python script
Switch to camera from linked group
Applying on picture to a mesh but not the same picture to every face of the mesh
Airplane rotations and turning
How do I extract texture from an obj file?
How can I make objects behave as if they were solid?
How to expand and contract the current selection in Edit mode?
Limiting the roll on a rigid body cylinder joint chain
Rotate objects around irregular shape
IES Lighting on Transparent Alpha Background
Use 3 films (front, side, top) for motion tracking?
Blender Rigify strange issue with weighting
Smart UV Project Problem
How to make an animated survey graph?
Making a procedural mask for a specific parts of a mesh
How to procedurally generate an infinite terrain using perlin noise
script for rendering a simple scene
How to make clouds
Why can't I do a loop cut after Merging these vertices?
Cycles shader that renders its objects transparent when they are 'inside' of a sphere?
Change particle system's physics with a keyframe (or other)
Can I use grease pencil in game engine
How to create Bokeh circles?
strange artifacts in normal map
Why won't the compositor backdrop show the current composite result?
How to create this type of gradient background lighting?
Joining different UVmaps from different objects
How can i modify an already rigged model?
Blender background simulation (GUI-less) is different from the actual simulation
Luxrender - How to select API 2.x?
Create and return a cube using a python script
How to move an object to a different render layer?
Extract Texture from a 3D blender model
new object added to existing animation won't render
Opening a Sphere Mesh
Video texture is out of sync in blender, but fine in other programs
Setting sun direction on sky texture with an empty
Why are the keyframes for my texture not appearing in the f-curve window or dope sheet?
Can I rotate part of the mesh while reserving topology?
How to properly render smoke on a transparent background?
How can I record a physics animation in the BGE
Where to prop_search for vertex groups?
Clear UV seams not clearing seams
Driver: Scripted Expression (Copy and invert some Objects Rotation and apply it to another Object)
Updating scene properties when the active_object changes
Paint on UV'ed model with external editor
Its there a way to connect some bones when the are in different armatures?
Set pivot point of empty object
Blender Boolean modifier: Difference behaves like union
Texture Rendering Black, but shows up in textured view
My video is greenish, how do I correct it?
How to enable openCL rendering in Blender 2.75 rc2
Compositor clipping blurred matte nodes
How to resolve ugly artifacts bending joints after posing?
"Compress" a transform hierarchy
Python Scripting : AttributeError : 'SpaceTextEditor ' object has no attribute 'context'
Why does the top displace modifier always switch to the active texture?
How to get user preferences path from blender
Blender 2.6 rock cycle render nodes problem in Blender 2.73
Cycles rendering objects all black
Smoke+fire wispy and transparent in render, but fine in render preview
What is the correct way of using specular and gloss textures made by 3DCoat 4.5 "Smart Materials" in Cycles render?
Which is the best way to generate 2D mathematical surfaces with a different color each side
Viewport background images disappeared when .blend file closed and opened
How to remove object from group?
Pinning cloth to moving model
Is this is double-sided plane?
Python: Check if vertex is on camera field of view
Transfer UV maps not working properly
How come my mirror modifier messes up when I apply subdivision?
Looking for a Team (A Question about Blender Community)
Is there a way to save composite node presets?
Run multiple Python scripts in Blender from the command-line
How to voxelize and extract blender data?
UV unwrap from location or plane from diffuse?
Why does image texture used in displace modifier not give the correct height?
Applying a material to a model which has preassigned materials
smoke+fire simulation fine in viewport but jittery in render
How to place a .png texture with transparency over a material
How to create a node group with a custom node tree?
How to save NLA action but don't use it?
Audio doesn't play?
Blender game: get face orientation (stacking blocks)
Unable to apply material on plane?
Nice normal map without beveled edges
Can Blender run headless on an ARM processor?
Texturing whole item
What does Light Portal mean?
How can I unapply a subdivision surface modifier?
How can I scale a set of vertices to the size of another set of vertices?
Where are the modifier scripts in the Blender package contents folder?
Support is planned OpenCL 1.0 in Cycles?
Lock some directions (X,Y,Z) of transformation (scale, rotation, location) in edit mode?
How to find active brush in Image Editor context?
Changing camera axis
BGE: Can a cube copy the rotation of another cube in game?
Blender render passes
Fresnel has to be above 1?
How do I apply a light/dark mask to a mesh?
How to make an object spin?
Repeated crashes using a Boolean / Difference Modifier
How can I make boids move along a path?
Why does video load unpredictably?
View2D Zoom 2D View hotkeys
All falling objects freeze - why?
Create a mesh from image with transparency
No transparency in rendered background, is this a bug?
Modelling with Simple Deform?
Splitting geometry of two models which are merged together
Only Vertices/Wireframe in Blender Render and Object Mode
SL Skeleton, Avatar Workbench, MH Avatar import problem
How can I keep my objects or groups as particles level on the field
Cycles to Luxrender
Is there upper limit to vertices in texture paint?
Constant Crashes with Blender mostly from Materials
Bring all planes in mesh to same level
Keeping a mesh flush against another surface without ruining geometry (Non-Spherical Eyes)
Add a pause to an animated camera (following curve path)
Reloading Scripts Behavior
Fix or make new?
How would you animate a particle system to start dispersed, converge to fill a mesh, then explode?
Cycles Emit Light from area on Texture
Why do I get a "Permission Denied" error when importing an obj file?
How to unhide part?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of different ways of obtaining Blender?
Blender start with (large) Python script crashes Blender
Combine two textures in OBJ into single texture
Attaching a nurbspath to a mesh (to create a rope attached to an object)
How to append parent object from an external file including all the children?
Extruding problem
How to get a gridlines of pixel
Bake Simple Deform animation into mesh for Unity3D export?
Step-by-Step: Realistic Walking
UV textures appear scrambled or missing
Blender track quadruped with kinect?
What are the benefits to using procedural textures VS image textures?
Random distribution of objects over a plane
How to make an object transparent
How to access center of polygons after remesh
Noisy blur using compositing nodes
Facial / body topology of this hunchbacked cartoon model?
Blender Cycles Slow Rendering Interior Scene
How would I apply a gloss or anisotropic shader to my model?
"Minecraft Properties" tab is not showing up on rig where the tab is supposed to be there
Create light rays in Cycles
How to limit the frequency of pushing of keys in the BGE?
How can I combine two materials in Cycles?
Rendered environment map is misaligned to World
Move an edge in line with an empty
Object turning grey in rendered view
Converting a mesh to voxels
Chaining multiple obj files and make them as a movie
Bone rotation applied twice
How can I average two meshes together?
OpenSUSE - Blender cannot encode or export video
Scale plane to size of grid element
Changing displayed size
Light settings are black
Loop cut interrupted
Python Script attribute error while using node editor
How to make camera copy the current 3d view?
How can I render with GPU on iMac 09' NVIDIA GeForce 9400 256 MB?
Removal of everything except mesh, or extraction of mesh from Blender file to a new one
Can I set some bones to move Like hair?
How to create a face when only one vertex is selected?
How to do multiple plane tracks from one video
View Memory Usage
Access the weight values of a polygon
Remove a few particles?
Planar clipping/merge with Mirror modifier
Texture Painting Transparent
Where is the colour management option?
Filling a corner
How can I flip the direction of an animation
Render layer confusion
Not showing texture after uv maping and importing png image?
object flips while snapping to another object with align rotation, using face snapping
glass light pass through
Render is all gray, tried multiple things
Efficient empty volume rendering in Cycles
Addon to compare topology of two meshes
UV texture not rendered as seen by camera?
Attach rigid bodies to rigged mesh
What are these block dotted lines?
How to create realistic plastic effect in packaging
What advantages does Blender Render have?
export selected actions with the fbx exporter
Cycles: Will fire and smoke on GPU be supported in 2.75?
Strange things when converting an export script from 2.43 to 2.62+
Edges not properly displayed in 3d view
cycles bake seems to have lost some UV data
Does a mesh need UV if there is no texture?
music/sound fx controller for options menu in BGE
Is MotionBuilder compatible with Blender?
Is it common to have many loop cuts?
Mesh coordinates
Interrupted loop-cut alternative
How do you make an xray material (or similar)
Plane rotation parameters missing
How can I use a script to export a model as a Wavefront file(.obj)?
Static grass animation - grass looks differently in different frames (it's not animated though)
Mesh different objects uniformly
How can I resize a displacement map in cycles?
Make subdivided bone move as one whole bone?
How can I create an animation within a cloth simulation?
Z-buffer output from blender as file
Is it possible to have a plane with its normal as reference for Transform Orientation
Freezing a physics simulation and use a certain frame to go on with modelling
How to animate Action Clip time in 2.75?
Invisible object that hides other objects (as a mask)
rotation driven by vertex z value - ocean modifier
Right settings for exporting FBX with Rigify and morph targets to Unreal Engine 4
WIll modifying an essential python file cause data loss in blend file?
Terrain/plane with an aerial photo on it
Blender 2.75 Time Node
BMesh polygons with holes
Script to UV split and translate dynamically
Emitter object shows up in reflection/transmission
How to render turntable of .obj file
How do you affect object transforms with nodes?
Weight gradients not mirrored in weight paint mode?
Print model for craft object?
How to display the normal values of a face?
Node Editor Material Transparency Problem
problem animating appearing text
Blending Floor and Background to appear as one
How to Mix Face Textures Across UV Edges
Select using intersection or union?
Track To Added Object
How to find and identify keyboard shortcuts?
Smoke is not appearing in Cycles render
stripe shader no uv unwrapping
make "z" toggle between textured mode and wireframe?
Fluid suddenly disappears
refine rounded face
Apply rigid body physics to armature
How to delete screen datablock
Export "Project from view" texture as uv texture
Get position of the camera in each frame of the animation
Rotation Animation
Materials to unity
Texture (from texture paint mode) not showing up in object or edit modes
Multiple hotkeys for the same function
Stop rigid body objects to shake on the ground
Problem: Armature deforms mesh opposite of bone positions
How to change the direction in which a menu is displayed?
Mirror modifier doesn't work properly
Why is the wood grain texture I applied to my model not showing?
How do I replace the player with a rigid body object? BGE
Smoke simulation - how to make a slow fog
How can I get the normal orientation of an edge
Can't find Spin Menu to create a rotational object
Align one face to another face of object?
Button or menu entry to clear the sculpting mask?
Where are the Laplacian Lightning settings once the addon has been installed?
Why is my Rigid Body simulation giving weird results?
BGE Consistent character speed
Python: proportional editing vertex move
Playback Rate Suddenly Changes
Trying to export a cloth simulation to a Collada file
Apply a modifier as a shapekey into existing shapekey or merge shapekeys?
How to scale armature and mesh proportionally?
How to add curve modifier to text?
Creating an entire planet
Why can't I move vertices?
Sky-only pass with the foreground knocked out?
Python: Difference between context’s `selectable_objects` and `visible_objects`?
Why can't I see keyframes in blender after importing bvh files though it plays animation?
Rig following another rig scaling constraint problems
How can I zoom/rotate view while I use brush select?
How to delete unused meshes from the Outliner?
Making vertices follow mocap tracks
New Tab in Properties panel
Do joined objects have to have internal faces removed for 3D printing?
Why does the result differ from the original, after baking hair?
Blender game engine seeing through gun
Blender closes when using the scroll wheel
How do you array a curve
How to reduce edges and make a face out of it?
How can an empty be added at intersection of edges using Python?
Baking Textures as Image Sequence by Script in Cycles
Attempting to unwrap model for UV, results horrible
Wireframe modifier resolution
Materials and properties, color changes react differently
Can textures be rotated?
How can I get a model I made to look I want it to in Unity 3D?
Boolean modifier on groups - can't select 2nd object - is this possible?
Fill Bezier Curves
Matcap Globe won't render properly
Is it possible to use a custom shape for proportional editing?
Path constraint with physics (rollercoaster)
What does {'INTERFACE'} mean when returned from `invoke`, `modal` or `execute`?
Morphing between two different curves or meshes via shapekeys
Compositing Transparency / Layer Masking Problem
How do I slant adjoining edges?
Reflecting a ray (of light) in bge?
Need a way to do a "loop cut" on a triangle fan
How can I find help learning Blender?
Import from CAD System
Why can't I resize the Toolshelf?
Smoothing selected parts of mesh
How to get real Z-buffer value from Blender
Is it possible to interpolate missing frames in video editing?
Filling an object with particles issue
Is it possible to parent bones between armatures?
Grid floor is not straight
X-ray mode problem
Is there a way to stop Cycles Computing Transparency?
When I Pose my Armature, the Mesh Attached "Fractures"
Straighten Vertices Along a Line
Crashed fluid simulation
Flicker screen effect
Using matplotlib in python script to enable plotting in add-on
How to split one control end of bezier curve
how do I bake bone rotations driven by a bone constraint?
3D movies for 3D TV
How to make a mesh surface that looks like cubes stacked in the shape of a sphere?
Adapting Fisheye camera from Blender Cycles to Blender Render?
Select words without indentation in text editor
Correct skinning is still not deforming my mesh
How to do curves in a mesh
Parenting objects in bge makes them apparently changes normals?
Change pivot point for selected edges
How does Blender decide in which window it shows the render
Skeletal animation for multiple meshes
how do i add mp4 files to edit?
Why does importing from a .dae or .fbx format result in loss of animation?
Changing properties of a keyframe
Turning head of Makehuman model causes problems
Where can I find the code behind the Remesh Blocks modifier?
How do you import a Compositing Node Set-up?
What's a clean way to toggle between several objects using armatures?
Hard edged shadows?
setAngularVelocity does not work
How bump node reads images in Cycles
What are the advantages of material nodes?
UVs shown when faces of another material selected
How do I install this add-on?
cutting a hole in cube with subdivision surface modifier already applied
Fixing disconnected vertex
Motion Tracking - Link track to empty and move camera instead of empty
How to restore visibility of animation panel?
How would I make a door open when a key is pressed and a character is near?
Ray can't detect sensor objects?
Importing python modules and text files
Some materials aren't rendered in the Blender Game Engine
Why is this script not working properly?
How does one hide selected faces in 3d View while in UV editor?
Right method to use for tiles of buildings in various phases of construction
shatter an object?
Mesh does not move along with bones in pose mode (uses rigify armature) Ver 2.75
How to apply "duplicated" child object?
still frame camera solve
Boids Aerial March
How can I reuse a class between a few addons
How to quickly separate and/or delete extra faces created by extruding?
How to convert a curve from 2D to 3D
Some edges are not shown in object wireframe mode?
Properties won't change?
Rigify and automatic weight painting error
How to disable Symmetrize in Sculpt Mode?
Select outer layer of hollow object
How to restrict to cycles use only 90% of gpu?
how can i convert a vertex of a plane into bezier with handle?
How to achieve screen tearing effect or video glitches
How do you take reference photos?
How to model constraints between 'building blocks'?
Polygons distorted in edit mode
how to adapt a box to an object with a python script?
Why does my loop subdivide not extend around the whole shape?
How can I execute a .bat file when Blender starts?
Where to place origin when exporting to UE4?
Blender Internal Bake Wireframe
How can I get a stereo cameras volume and parameters?
Why does Blender not update the screen properly, despite not lagging?
True relationship between bones/armature and rigginh
Two different GPUs, one for viewport the other CUDA one to be used exclusively for rendering
create cubemap from 6 images (with python)
Pipe joint addon: changing individual cylinder's geometry (radius, length)
OpenCL build failed on AMD R9 290 - Insufficient Private Resources
When to texture paint to paint on Mesh and when to use Photoshop to paint on 2D Texture
Shadows in plain surface
How to scale an environment texture in the world section?
Mirrored mesh deforms unexpectedly and becomes uneven when rendered
How do you recommend I overlay textures on object 'Faces'
How to duplicate object with it's animation then relocate/rotate
Issues with mesh deformation
How to show face in edit mode after hiding with "H"
how do i bend a custom object
how to script animation fcurve made autoclamped
Texture as Backfacing material in Blender Internal using Nodes
blender --python-console result in a blank Blender window
Use animation to change position of an object
Need help recreating crazy colors/material from example
Group objects in blender
I've created extruded objects and they don't seem to behave correctly
Fluid not appearing in object mode or game "play" mode
I think I pressed something by accident, and now my regular movements are jittery.
Setup an inverted pendulum simulation with BGE
Batch exporting of multiple objects into separate STL files
how to make a bump texture in blender?
'Rigify' with automatic weights makes my mesh disappear
Make a custom Slider to translate a object
Edit mode object mesh offset? Not sure how to explain this
Shading issue with textured solid model
Where do I find the metaball panel?
Blender game runs very slow
Stop blender from creating redundant animations for each new object
FBX Export: How to merge animations of two different objects with both a different armature?
Rigid Body Joint Constraints can't hold model together in game engine
How to duplicate insets/extrusions on objects
Motion Tracking
Can I get a new random number per ray in the node editor?
Object appears as orange points in object mode, but looks fine in edit mode
In an add-on, receive the path to the file Blender was opened with or its launch arguments?
Why is part of my model not being rendered?
Weird Black Spot with Glossy Material
Connecting body parts or clothes problem
VSE: How to Speed up the Preview of Image Strips?
Surface cannot be created with nurbs curves by pressing F key
Can't select vertices + Loop cut doesn't work
Can Blender take two video files and overlay them with transparency?
How to move / animate a soft body?
Is there anyway to snap to vertices while using Edge Slide with Clamp Off?
Is there a way to increase wall thickness after applying solidify?
Texturing problem
Save history to python and load from python console
Cycles render using incorrect sample amount
How to orbit while translating (and otherwise navigate while using modal operators)?
Transform Effects Strip Real Values
BGE: Send single pulse at start of game?
Q: Cycles motion blur is resulting in particles that are overshooting the emitters - how can I adjust the scene or blur settings to prevent this?
Net Render Outputs Black .exr Files, Regardless of Selected File Type
Atmospheric Re-entry
Particles per face are either too many or not enough
Why do I get a solve error above 100+ in MovieClipEditor while following the MatchTrackBlend DVD tutorial?
Cycles special Water shader (Low Poly)
Bevel Vertices on Plane
I have no icon to click on to open blender just the install wizard under downloads
How do I update textures in the viewport from the textures properties?
How can I check if a wheel of a vehicle collides with the floor?
Is Blender compatible with Windows 10?
Shadow catcher layer for After Effects not rendering
Is there a way of easily identifying which mesh face a UV face corresponds to?
I've been trying to run the Quick Smoke simulation
Can a Force object have no falloff?
How Does Cloth Friction Work?
AttributeError when adding keyframes in draw function
Cell fracture messes up texture UV, doesn't apply material to interior, doesn't take fracture count limit into account
Single continuous mesh vs disconnected parts
Water drops on a moving spider web
Why is some code being skipped in the BGE?
Is there really a way to make a true toon shader material in Cycles?
Is it possible to have Blender render rays of light that fade away?
I was wondering how you'd go about creating a visible cone of light that fades
What does it mean when a property is highlighted in green?
Stop object from being displayed on multiple layers?
How to make an infinite landscape or the floor like in games like temple run in blender game engine?
How do I make lamps effect scene locally only to reduce noise?
How can I add inputs to a file output node?
Render looks different to screen view
Blender reverses X-axis when exporting Z-forward
Is it possible to programmaticaly render video from a blender pattern animated scene with images and mp3 as parameters?
Can i "execute" the Compositor node graph without re-rendering?
Improving AA in Cycles / Removing jaggies
Can someone explain the layer system?
Can Blender take two video files and morph one into the other?
Vertex Paiting slightly hidden parts of the mesh
How can I "zero" an object's orientation in blender?
Why do calculated and read-out RGB-Values differ?
A render in Blender Internal looks like a choppy checkerboard
What is the meaning of the color of the node sockets in the node editor?
Make an object follow a complex curve?
Rendering to multichannel .exr has empty rgb layer
Cannot add modifiers?
How to apply mutiple images to the material of UV Unwraped mesh
Using Multiple Stencils in Blender Game Engine
Physical interaction between objects
Transparency not working in cycles
why the options to modify a primitive are grayed out in blender 2.75?
Cycles isn't appearing in render engine drop down list
printable keyboard shortcuts
How would I add bump mapping on an OSL shader?
How can I join two splines in the mask editor?
Restrict dimensions of cables
Can Cycles generate a per-ray random number without OSL
What is the difference between bpy.props.CollectionProperty and bpy.props.PointerProperty?
Adding particle system after explode modifier causes blender crash
How do I create a driver with a random value and apply that driver to multiple objects?
How to pack cache files?
Render issue - Model doesn't appear to be on any layers and won't render
Add checker board texture to a plane
Why is a 100% mix node not acting as the identity?
How to make one face always be on the top of another
Is there a way to use a separate texture for object reflections?
print number and index of selected lines in text editor
Can the scale tool show me the real size of the object instead of a 1 - 0 scale?
Rookie question about ne Blender 2.75a rotating view
How do I turn the pivot point off?
How to straighten edges when subdivided?
How do you add a bevel modifier to this head
Bevelling sharp interior corners
Boolean modifier issues
How to make precisely defined trails along orbits in space
Multiresolution subdivide modifier on a mirrored surface causes a visible seam
Background in the 3D view appears black instead of transparent
Glow effect invisible on transparent background
Bones Not Connected?
How to remove menu item which added multiple times
Render points only if visible from another camera
Procedural generation in Blender
python script that reads text file containing coordinates and creates a path/curve for object to follow
How to blur background image.?
How to glue one selected face of a mesh precisely to a selected face on another mesh?
Ambient occlusion from high to low poly
How to find out what particular vector component is animated?
Low quality textures being baked to high poly mesh in cycles
How to merge vertices in Blender?
Animating Issue
Is it possible to animate textures scale?
How to get to the Render Output Panel
Simulating a Weighted Die?
strange bleedthrough in normal map baking (cycles, cage)
FFMPEG from Inside Blender
Exporting to FBX doesn't export texture and animation
Bevel works on one side but not the other
How can I remap to Shift Command Click&Drag?
how to enable GPU option in user preferences
Blender won't finish rendering
How to animate textures in blender internal and control them
Addon: run execute() only when button is clicked
Cause of Alpha or Black Artefacts in Render
Detect if characters are selected in text editor
Why is my mesh black when rendering?
Can't duplicate a proxy armature with mesh
Too dark shadows
Object in the wrong position when rendered
Extrude curve circularly
How to make a bind to Ctrl Key for toggling snapping on/off
How to simulate a lamp shade in the game engine
What is this dashed bounding box left where there is no geometry?
Bloating a cylinder
Is a smoke simulation with more than 512 divisions possible?
How to add a displacement map on a plane using procedural textures with a layer mask
How to model the top of helmet?
Radar simulator
How to use different texture images
How can I calculate the acceleration of an object?
How to snap two mesh
BGE everything white in playmode
Can drivers span more than one line?
How to extrude curves without changing thickness?
BGE Strange white artifacts on edges of objects
How to attach rigged cloth with a rigged character.?
Export armature animation + corrective smooth modifier?
Info view print order / displaying debug information
Dynamic, script-based animations of object creation and deletion
Shared preferences/addons across different machines (e.g. Dropbox)
Why is it grainy in this part?
Calculate points on a Nurbs curve without converting to mesh
Import/Export Rhino's 3DM format to/from blender
Model doesn't follow its armature in pose mode
Turning a 2D dwg into a basic 3D render
Do ray sensors detect collision bounds?
How to use a curve modifier in-game (work around)
Any way to customize the color of the text input cursor?
How to merge the mirror modifier correctly?
Help with moving an object in bge randomly via script?
Set physics type in bge using python?
Change UV Map Image Without UV Map Scaling
How to turn generated mapping to UV Map
Control logic editor using scripts?
Can screen layouts or workspaces be locked?
Location of object wrong?
Write out animations to separate files?
Rigify is using all Layers
UV Unwrap is flipped horizontally?
Apply transform (rotation) to video clip before motion tracking
What's the easiest way to rotate around an edge that is not parallel to a primary axis?
Some objects don't deform with the others while in pose mode
model a shape something like a raspberry
How to control eye reflection?
what is the easiest way to paint train railway?
Mapping multi uvs textures to a character in blender? 3 separate textures for character
Forced normals and hard edges?
Some objects change position when becoming children of bones
Create "two-sided" curves
camera animation with known distance between frames
"Vertex paint" or Cycles "Mix node" problem?
Auto-export to OBJ format on save
Making intersecting parts of objects turn the combined colour? (red+blue=purple)
How to redirect output from 'bpy.ops.*'?
How can I output a counter or/and progress bar in the UI?
What are the best settings for a video export to Adobe Premiere (CS6)?
The anatomy of a Cycles render?
How to create a moving HUD?
duplicating a surface and making it a child node
Custom shortcut
Remove alpha from vertex color
How can I install a script into blender?
Edit Mode Transparent Objects
Import DXF and make it fit work area
Child object doesn't stay relative to parent in BGE
Drawing relationship lines in the view between 2 objects via Python - possible?
How to create a custom property on an object by pressing UI button?
Terrain Generation: Free Creation of Peaks, Canyons and Mountain Terrain
Fill a corner with a curve?
Fur not moving with rigged main mesh
Blender runs really slowly on my Cintiq 22HD
Issue with creating high precision Ngon faces
No texture when in render mode?
Linux kernel crashes corrupt my Blender files
Rigging Error "Bone Heat Weighting: Failed to find solution for one or more bones"
how to UV unwrap a material
Wind Field freeze at frame 250. Where can it be changed?
Hook to Empty Object on a Bezier Curve doesn't work
Why does my object increase and deform when i first select the object, then the armature and afterwards go to Set Parent With Automatic Weights?
Blender - Fill Up Bezier Curves
Physical simulation of multiple scenes simultaneously
Remesh-Modifier in Sharp mode generates overlapping faces?
Appending with bpy.data.libraries.load and drivers
Smart UV project creates overlapping uv-coordinates
Adding an animated watermark on a video
Render different frames
Is it possible to have a variable increase using the game logic editor?
GIS data import
Export OBJ without texture data on faces (but with UV coordinates)
Formal definition of a mesh
How do I change the default data settings for an empty?
Why do I get "CUDA error: Out of memory", even on empty scenes?
How to add object to a specific layer with Python?
How do I stick an object to another objects vertex?
How to save an animation using python
Changing selection around a mesh object
How to make a rigid body system a static mesh?
How to separate an armature bone from an armature bone in an animation?
Adding textures to more than one object
Lightmap Pack is non-uniformly scaling my geometry?
How to set glow in text object, with python?
Object not receiving message
Is there a way to align the view to a face normal?
How to get a seed and perlin noise /randomnumber in Python in BGE
How to fill cylinder cap flatly?
Free fall physics simulation capture as a video
recover faces from old model
Duplicating ALL of a Hierarchy - selectable or not
How do I make Freestyle ignore a specific edge, material or object?
Image is too noisy
Can't divide the surface into 2 parts
Is it possible to modify the parametric texture of a displacement modifier to create a progressive geometry?
Export to Unreal Engine without combining all the elements in one object
How to export pivot point from Blender to Unreal Engine?
Draw a curve through coordinates
How can I get particles to emit with a rotation based off of the rotation of the face it was emitted from
How to model a plastic food tray?
Blender + Captivate - Transparent Flash Video
How to use Mesh to paint weight to another
How can I create Light Streaks in Cycles?
Is the render output linear color or 2.2 gamma?
Creating dynamic, shaded backgrounds for animations
Camera object askew (does not match pose specified by its global transformation matrix)
I get many surfaces when i Unwarp my mesh,(Only two selected)
How can I remove objects via datablocks outliner?
Custom Menu to access Custom Brushes, Scenes, Layouts, etc
How do I hide this top panel and where did my menu bar go?
What is the difference between blender render and blender game?
Smoke & fire simulation: Cycles material not showing fire
What does clip=True mean in mathutils.geometry.intersect_line_sphere()
How to attach cloth to a rigged character.?
Blender collision export primitives issue
How to get nodes from one .blend file into another?
Rendered imaged has weird shadows
Can I use Blender's Python API from a Python IDE?
random vertices up-Z/down-Z only..?
How and where can I post a video for review of Blender users, that shows my students work?
Activating Add-on, getting: ImportError: No module named 'bpy.utils.previews', 'bpy.utils' is not a package
Timeline header python modification
What happens if the mass of a rigidbody doesn't match to it's volume X density?
Why object is white in viewport and textured when I hit "P"?
Blender game: How can I make a ball roll while moving?
Snapping mesh together by a point without stretching the object
Editing a rigged mesh (MakeHuman > Blender > Unity)
Translate Z Location of object for every frame?
Navigation is completely not working
How can i add an object when the mouse is released?
How to give UV mapped textures normal maps?
How to cut holes in an object using another object?
How do I export to mtl and obj files with textures for use with three.js?
Need to make (node setup) of realistic dirt/ grime/grunge on top of image texture of ceramic tiles
Hair mesh not moving with rig
How get length of Navigation Mesh?
Control the rotation of an environment map
Blender game: How you can make an object to emit light?
Don't have a num pad, How would I go about changing the view?
Uneven movement on camera following a path.
I can't select multiple vertices and move them. (Blender 2.75)
Generate mesh at run time
Can I use blender as a photo and video viewer?
How to 'merge/dissolve' two faces?
Alt-click is not selecting edge loops on a mac.
How to make objects aligned according to a path or bitmap?
How do I move bones from one armature to another armature in the outliner?
Vertex Groups Density working in opposite way
View3D operations problem
Does the Glossy BSDF include Fresnel and geometrical attenuation factors?
How to create triangle/jagged edges on a cylinder (e.g. for a lamp shade)
How to easily convert and breakdown a text curve object into separated character objects?
How do I use near sensor in blender game engine
How to retrieve value from StringProperty?
Smoothness between (Dup)Mirror and Orginal?
Brush to "Spawn" Several meshes on surface?
Fixing deformation due to IK bone constraint
Blender and three.js Exporter?
My Textured paint became plain color when I render in Cycles
Curve Modifier Gives Unexpected Effects
Subdivision surface problem
How to combine Hook Modifier with Armature?
Mesh generation in BGE
How to change a python script which was distributed via blender?
How to create a face out of edges
How can I add loops cuts to all the parent selection within an object?
Shading artifacts in low poly models in cycles?
Problem with transparency when using two world images
How to batch convert between file formats?
Reflection/Normal coordinates issue
How to Link/Append a data-block using the Python API?
How to render in blender with compositing
How do I make my textures show in cycles?
Why is it creating two vertices in the same spot?
Armature not bending with connected bones
Multi colored faces while in object mode
Mesh does not follow armature
UV: How to make selection vertical?
How to make textures in Blender without any flat work with a painting program? (3D painting)
Why some faces have different colours and can't bridge with others?
UVs should stretch texture
double sided polygons in BGE
Why does my Ellipse mask and FastGaussian nodes have no effect on my image?
How to reduce amount of array values in each iteration in array modifier?
Strange artifacts on Blender painted texture after re-opening
How to make an operator to access custom screen, scene, brushes, etc
Where to find F Brush tool?
Cycles node editor - Map gray scale value map to extremes
Why does my armature rig deform badly in edit mode?
save as a video as .mp4
why this face is always black?
how to find the data_path for scripted keyframes
blender engine mirror
Best way to clean Blender?
How do we control which 3d View the render result is displayed in when multiple 3d views are visible?
How to curve my mesh
Mapping a terrain evenly
Can't flip pose properly
is there a way to streamline scripting these shaders and modifier keyframes?
Blender Internal: How do I add motion blur?
I am having issues with the subdivision surface modifier. When I don't add loop cuts it rounds when I do it makes a ridge.
Issues With User Preference Window
White edge around objects with alpha
Head and hair of object not rendering
Seeking add-on for notes
Render layers not appearing in the compositor
complex internal vertices
Cannot blur objects with Z Combine
How to 2D-stabilize and enlarge canvas to preserve outside pixels?
Simple rigid body physics (Sphere - Box) depends on substep
Rigid body objects intersecting
How to add custom property to bone in pose mode with python?
Why (actually) does it take me so long to make 1000 cubes?
Blender mirroring not working
Is it possible Animate the Compositor node parameters?
Make imported images insensitive to lighting but cast and receive shadows
Blender Game renders the scene wrong
Use ID properties in cycles/nodes
Can I paint a texture within the UV viewport?
How can I draw in the 3D view with Python?
How to I merge two objects so I can move them around as if they were one object?
Steering not affected by gravity?
Why the knife tool can't be used on some of my faces?
How to create a circle pie chart with separate (adjustable/variable) triangle "chunks"?
How to fit an image to the UV Editor window's borders?
How to switch between markers during 2D-stabilization without sudden jumps
Rendering multiple scenes in parallel
How to remove jitter on cloth simulation?
Bevel causing weird creases
Graphics device is not getting populated
What elements go into a good material testing scene
Booleans are all messed up
Adjust the reference angle of the 2D rotation stabilizer
Run blender without GUI?
Model looks different in game engine
Global keyboard shortcut to execute text editor script
Halo-created lens flares aren't rendering
Shader turns black when connected to node group
Why is Blender's IK pole target system so difficult? Am I missing something?
Materials from Blender to Three.JS: Colors seem to be different
50% Grey at 0.5 instead of 0.18?
keeping UV textures going from Cycles to Blender Render
pixulated texture of character
Where is normal edit modifier?
howto create glass test tubes with semi-transparent fluid content
Problem with UV Mapping in cycles
Grass wind flow in waves
Is it possible with Python to code G key to move channels up and down in the Dopesheet editor?
Want to Reduce "shininess" of Model
Black lines appear when rendering!
Importing SVG images to Blender
Linked objects with a rotation offset?
Having Troubles Modelling A Car
How to create path/curve tangent to mesh?
Is it possible to create duplicates of a mesh, that can be deformed and used as blendshape targets?
Program keyboard input?
Edit mode refuses to activate
A mess happens when i try to unwrap my model, any idea whats causing this?
selecting in python: ask to pick an object?
Interpolate mesh surface between curves
How can I register the same keymap item for different space types?
Particle system doesn't render but shows in 3D view
How to change weight of an object in BGE?
Rigidbody.objects_add.poll() failed!
Cannot edit vertices, edges or faces
How can I customize normal in this way?
Boolean Modifier not working
Uniform Texture Mapping Blender
How to get vertex coordinates after modifier in python?
Bmesh.ops.mesh_to_bmesh usage returns cryptic error
Python: Find a point on a uneven plane where the distance from an object is exactly a given value!
Blender not working in Windows 10, any suggestions?
Easy manipulation of transparency in BGE
How can I tear two bones and their skinned mesh apart during animation?
Changing multiple duplicates
how to move teeth with jaw mesh?
Textures not showing up in BGE player
Objects not showing in final render
Blender Paint Texture
How to stop a rigid body sliding
How do I copy one side of a box and paste it on the rest of the sides?
Blender crashes on launch
How do I render a decent swimming pool animation in a reasonable amount of time?
Problem with displacement maps
How to avoid pinching when constructing joint topology?
What are the valid types for the type parameter in bpy.context.scene.node_tree.nodes.new(type)?
How to create a gradient texture from one material to another (opaque to clear)?
Get agent to move using commands stored in separate file?
Gooey / Transparent Material
I cannot get a scene to render in blender
How do I force objects to follow another object?
Array Modifier Rotation Problem
Custom inteface: Two 3D views with a different header (toolbar)
Why is my addon so slow?
Python:Bounding box coordinates of group instance (empty object)
Changing the principal axis in blender
Execute Python script between rendering animation frames
How to check if an object is deleted?
How do I select circles?
How to increase/decrease the size of the buttons inside the panels?
How to create/make UV coordinates for polyhedron
Blender won't load UI text when opened from the console on a Mac
how to remove deleted faces's line?
How do I activate the editing box at bottom of "Tools" section?
How to make an animation play in the blender game engine?
is it possible to declare what info is duplicated during subdivision?
How to restore custom layout/panels when loading a blend file with different settings?
Copy camera position/rotation to another scene
Beginner question: Increasing poly density for a single side of a cube
grouping texture nodes changes the coordinate space
How detect change in a panel
How to recalculate automatic weights for single bones?
Rig a pre-bent curve to smoothly unbend
Does Blender work in Windows 10?
How can I adjust Cycles material displacement amount?
How to select vertices sequentially in a script and see it happen in 3D viewer
Blender Scale Issues with MakeHuman and Mixamo Fuse
Why does my mesh deform when I apply an armature with automatic weights?
Is there a way to "hack" blender to work better in windows?
UV Texture Looks Wrong in Render
Is it possible to temporarily disable UI from updating?
Array modifier displacement
Blender Game not rendering objects correctly
Python: Calculate angle between vertices
How do place an image to the side of a cube using the Python API
Move object closer to another object using python?
Skinning A Simple Tank Track For Unity3D
Anim Player Error
How to spread things out evenly
Cut big mesh (plane) in quadratic parts
How to enable external rendering engine?
add object at specific location with python?
Need help with texture bake and consolidating meshes for UNITY engine
collision bounds with python?
How to make use of a cubemap in Blender Cycles
3D Model mask? ID?
Volumetric cloud render noise in Cycles
Multiple Textures with Mirror Modifier
Material not assigning in cycles render, works in blender renderer
how to specify active window for a series of screen captures in python
Proper way to show users error info in the UI for addons
Overlay problem
Is there an OBJ Sequence import script or add-on?
Getting Euler rotations for an object and exporting them
Am I unwrapping right?
Blender freezing when I try to add automatic weights to a parent?
What is Freestyle chaining?
How do I make it so something will go when collected, then re-spawn after awhile?
Smoke is not appearing in cycles, neither is the CPU option
Skin vs Shrinkwrap
Rotating wheel with rigid body dynamics
take screenshots programmatically in bge?
Playing game results in not true colors
Issue with Renderman and Blender 2.75
texture mapping menu missing in blender render 2.75
Operator context sensitive poll method
text and texture not visible in output video
Animated Color Ramp Not Showing in Viewport
How can I import GEOTIFF raster data?
Weight paint not showing
How can I add a checkbox in the tools UI?
What happens when I press F while selecting two faces?
How can I change the hover color of tools in the UI?
How can I get these mesh information for exporting?
Fully defined objects - smart dimension (like solidworks)
Split mesh along Bezier curve in Blender 2.75
Do BGE rigs have to be IK or FK?
how to create a selection group in edit mode?
Vertex group and curve modifier
BGE: hold at last frame
opengl flat shading in blender
Clone brush is cloning from material colour, not texture?
Extruding inwards leaves vertices alone
What's a good strategy for texturing large objects?
Animation on one object's duplicate?
Optimal number vertices in a game
Adjust margins (padding) between Editor windows
How to call a function on change in Enum dropdown list?
Custom UIList, nothing happens when double clicking list item to change name
What are the hotkeys used in this video in Blender 2.69.1?
Auto Back Culling on export
Lock to Cursor no longer centers view automatically?
Using Lattices to create non-spherical eyes cause problems when rigging the eyes for tracking. What can I do to fix it?
Artifacts with Anisotropic Shader
trying to make a patio with support beams
How to access number in Enum Property?
How to rotate the 3D manipulator to match object's rotation?
Using a particle with a bit more complex hierarchy?
How to import morph targets into Blender?
Trouble with Distortion on UV Map of CSS Virginia
Problem with constraints-parenting in bge
Keeping Texture Mode Appearance While Exporting to Unity
How to unparent a deleted armature?
Timeline: advancing time without evaluating time
How to move wedge directly away from center?
Can I process a list against a python script using multiprocessing module?
UV map not applying on Object
why is my texture split and not one image?
My Model disappears into the Blender Universe
Error Enabling Blender Addon
How can I import Gerber DXF pattern into blender?
why is my image texture with texture not displaying properly?
What image file do I use for dynamic text?
Texture that doesn't get affected by scaling?
Hair Dynamics not colliding with emitter 2.75a
Hiding transform panel from 3D view properties 'UI' Panel from user?
My Blender quits after I switch to "cycles render"
Texture/material mapping changes from viewport to render (p)
Issue when Exporting Mesh to UnrealEd
Why my custom enum property becomes an integer property after restart blender?
Is there a way to automatically add a photo texture to materials of the same name?
From *3ds-file Imported objects have no extensiveness and are all locaed in the origin
What is matrix_basis?
How to make transparent material in cycles?
Blender Crashes when trying to start applying materials is there a fix or workaround?
Putting transparent image on curved surface with specific placement (UV)
Share custom compositor nodes among blend files
How do I mirror an object using the mirror modifier?
Unwrap with Margins - Space out Islands
How to change the colors of a two-color texture?
Can I save presets for the inset tool?
Attempting to stretch texture towards edges
How to get vertex normals from a shape-key in Python?
Limited rotation?
Alpha textures show only when selected
Keeping two 3D Views in sync?
Is it possible to unwrap materials made in Vertex Paint?
Vertex out of position in sculpt mode!
How to use FBX file into Blender using python script?
Can I cut a hole in a mesh using only a subsurf modifier?
Blender Rigging: Mirrors Changes
Execute custom code once automatically in an add-on
How to create an object with both emmision and diffuse or reflective properties?
Import 3D model from CityEngine into Blender and edit UV Map
Reacting to changes to a Python defined RNA Property
Shading in object mode differ from sculpting mode?
How to get uv_on_emitter for child particles?
How to get Color and Z-Depth from Viewer Node?
How to flatten a non-planar face to a targeted plane?
Why is my scaling (Ctrl-A) causing me problems?
How to create actions that animate texture uv offsets?
How do I change the color of particles with lamps?
Triggerring left click events via python on 3D view screen
Why does Blender warp UV pelt when unwrapping tight geometry?
Offset for Mesh?
How to make cell fracture only fracture specific face?
100's of Vertices all with different Y Coordinates need to be moved to same Y coordinate plane
Any shortcut for proportional editing mode and the falloff types?
How does the Projected (2D) mode of the Proportional Editing works?
camera track - was good, but breaks after editing an object
Cannot apply image to material
What's the correct way of implementing dynamic dropdown menus in Python?
How can I make a realistic cement shader with old/cracks/crumbling/paint chipping on top of a texture?
Blender won't allow me to select a single bone
Can Image textures be mapped to empty object like procederual textures?
How do I make vertices equidistant from a given center?
Import vertices from .OBJ and then convert all to dynamically linked objects
Warp/Bend Objects?
how to turn off jumping by parts when moving (snapping)
How can I apply a basic material to an object using python in cycles render?
How to move selected edges toward 3D cursor?
Choosing recent files list at startup
Split an edge in two?
Movement of array along curve in BGE
Moving a layer behind another one to apply a glow effect
How to add update function to custom property using _RNA_UI
Can I import DXF files,exported from Gerber? The DXF file is AAMA file
Where is the implementation of the Cycles image-nodes sampling?
A single object in Blender = multiple objects in Pepakura
Text does not stay center aligned in game engine
How to mark seams for simple planes?
Mesh darkens after mirroring
Is a Toon Ramp material with image textures possible?
How to import blending animations into Blender?
File output node outputs wrong image resolution
How to make ivy's leaves colored randomly?
Help on weight painting and rigging .dae import from Google Sketchup
Increase Lines Width in Viewport
Is there a way to ease keyframes as a whole rather than easing each component?
Can't write bmesh object back to mesh datablock
Computer Movement
How do cycles' emission strength values relate to real-world units?
How to invert f curves?
Outliner -> vertex group select, not yet implemented: is it a bug?
How to add update function to ID-Property
Importing image with original asspect ratio without cropping
How to draw grease pencil on a surface (blender 2,75)?
How to combine smooth and non-smooth faces?
Spinning curve vertices
Smoke appears on viewport but doesn't in final render
How to know the corresponding face of an object in UV view?
BGE Animation in wrong place
Rigid body motor constraint reversing when crossing the 90 degree angle on the Z axis
How to add textures to faces that are facing a certain direction
How can I make two duplicated object's material's independently editable?
Cycles: Adding / Installing a Downloaded Material made for blender internal
Blender 2.75a: No Compute-Device for Cycles under GTX 750 Ti
Is it possible to move a logic brick/re-order the logic stack?
"active object is not a selected mesh" error
Is there a way to sense all collisions except the one selected?
Weird face after Boolean..?
I can't see the 2nd layer rendered in the Compositor
How come my object doesn't show up after rendering?
Flexible street script/tool?
Import LDraw models into Blender
Sub-models in scenes?
Exporting Animation with Modifier
Update list based on external file
Video files don't load, audio is missing
Maximum linked model depth?
Unable to select more than one armature single bone in edit mode
How to install LDR-Importer Add-on?
Dynamic flow chart animation
Selecting a face in a script so that you can edit eg resize it?
IK contraints problem?
Mulitple point density clouds - intersecting each other
Having problems with python int types specifying mesh faces again
Gimp's flame plugin for Blender
Curved arrow of variable thickness to connect to objects
Rigging - How do I change pole angle without affecting the mesh?
Blender cycles glass from sideview not transparent at all
Using Vector Curves Nodes for transitions
Blender rig not working correctly. What do I do?
Planar UV Mapping?
Black shadows on Faces, not a normals thing
Why do some planes in blender bend on a different axis
How do I get a constant Background Image?
How do I add Add Modifier to the UI
Easiest Way to BEND a plank into a U shape?
Exclude specific vertices from selected vertices
Retopo Sculpt Selecting Unwanted Vertices
How can I select edge loops with Magic Mouse on a Mac?
Rigging question about Spline IK and having all controls on one armature
Grouping objects into a single object
Extending Object
Why is this 3d json file so shiny in three.js?
Highlights with hair
Server or "Workstation"
Objects stuck in the wrong animation?
Blender shut down while exporting psk/psa file
Parenting disabled collision with child objects
Compositor ID Mask not working?
Why is Blender so popular for 3D printing?
How to set bone rotation in Python script by an absolute value?
Importing After Effects .aep file
suddenly right click selection does not work
What are these called in the User Preferences?
View camera vs. Perspective camera (scheimpflug optics)
Creating Camera Sway
Exporting interactive Flash content
Error after script selects object and tries to change to "EDIT" mode
Use the bevel-tool from python script
Set color of Blender object based on external data (e. g. temperature) using a colormap
Problem with GPU- rendering particles. CUDA error in Cycles
using bpy.ops.*.view_all
Cannot scale or rotate objects
Define " as a shortcut
Fluid emission doesn't follow animated inflow object
Damped Track constraint on bone lags
Blender character rigging with cloth wrapped over the body
Is there an Enable Frame Blending option or replacement in Blender 2.76a?
how do I minimize a texture node using python?
How to cut cylinder in a bending shape without deformations?
When in weight paint, armature is outlined in red rather than selecting a bone?
bge keeps on crashing when I try to do soft-body simulations?
How do I get rid of a random semi-circle on floor that shows up after scene is rendered??
How do I change the linear stiffness of an object programmatically?
My picture looks like recycled paper!
Animations not working after renaming vertex groups?
Can 2 sets of parented objects be added to a 3rd parent?
Combining two shaders, one with color map, one with a specularity map
Fill a mesh with particle hair
Can i use scenes in VSE to group video tracks?
Modeling a wine glass with spin tool
change the sscene before deleting an object
How to scale multiple UV face in proportion?
DoF works only sometimes in blender render
What's the best way to topologize this?
Delete animation
How can I change the number of snapping points 'Slide Vertex' uses?
I didn't press Alt to smooth when creating edge loops is this fixable?
How would I add a loop cut here
How can I execute the uv smart project operator per polygon or face of a mesh in python?
How to rotate an object by a special axis, without changing the shape
Using loop cuts to smooth out a mesh
How can I move a child object to a target position using python?
Read image metadata from Python
Modeling a pointy mesh
Crack in my wine glass
Mesh problem when smoothing intersecting cylinder in object
why is my mesh not moving correctly with weight paint mode?
scale text object size
Meshes joined in Blender are still un-joined in Nifscope
Fluid on a deforming mesh Problem?
how to make a realistic sugar cube material?
How to hide bones in animation
How to create the same animation for different meshes?
I made a mistake and moved a surface texture
How modeling a complex object into a shape draw by a sharp line?
Boolean within the same object?
Is there a way to determine if a ray is coming from a volume?
Fastest way to remove an inset?
Empties change position on export to FBX
How can I bake vertex animation into keyframes, but make sure that there aren't any duplicate keyframes
displaying a powerpoint presentation in the background of a video clip
Undesired Gradient Shading
Script for 3D viewport in rendered mode seems to have timing problem
how do I permanently change the mesh and armature position?
Is there a way to mute an operator's stdout prints?
Face has different shading that rest of object
Why can't I see my object when I start the game engine?
How do I copy an object without copying the weights?
Particle system - steers along path
Property used like a variable in BGE
How to play physics in a specific frame
Update and add-on problem
what's wrong with my wine glass?
UV Grid not showing up
Proportional editing on mesh doesn't work
BGE: How do I setup camera collision?
How would you make an edge circle around a cone?
How to make Blender remember STL export settings as default
Restore / Show Outliner again
How do I make a boxed extrusion on a cube that has a subdivision surface modifier?
How could I create a 3 Dimensional scribble or doodle?
Executing blender with an executing python interpreter (ie parent process access to bpy.context)
Connetcting Vertices While Retopologizing
How to do a bezier interpolation mode animation along a path?
How to install the latest version of Blender
Blender only sticks with one speaker?
Parenting mesh with Bones > Error: failed to find solution for one or more bones
Multiple materials on a specific shape?
Joining two windows doesn't work
Would there be any value in having available a second kind of empty?
How do I make my file open in the same state it saved in?
"One or more addons do not have UTF-8 encoding"
Setting/overriding context for rigid body bake
How do I fix this strange effect that happens when I start animating items that are set to cloth in physics?
Little problem with arm movement in my character's walk cycle
Can't select Edge loop (Alt + RMB is failing )
Blender has loaded a letter/font wrong
Is there any way to plotting in 3D viewer without using object and mesh?
Is it possible to clone objects with a name diferent in blender at a runtime?
Link one object's property to another object's different property
Blender assign material to object -> Unity
Character bouncing on models
Can't unwrap new geometry added to the already unwraped object!
Need help with clothing my character mesh
what is this line in the middle of my blender screen?
Need to get a 360 view of the object using cameras
Reliable way to find out the required context for an operator?
How to link animation of object A to object B while keeping A's original location?
I have two objects, and in UV Mapping, one has a value of UVTex, while another has UVMap
How to make an object transparent to the freestyle pass?
Saving Blender Files Issue
How to properly use git with blender?
Why did my physics start working up after adding a face mask?
Converting hair particles to only one mesh to avoid Blender crashing
How can I make elbows and knees on this without distorting the texture?
Select edges by length?
Fading and animating objects without materials
How to play any specific 'take' of the FBX animation in Blender using python script?
How can I import and play a video in Blender using a python script?
Force fields affecting selected rigid body objects
when i press "p" it doesnt play my game
I'm confused about Links in Blender
How can I find the location of a node using the GUI?
Why faces created with Bsurfaces are not visible?
Video in the VSE differs from actual rendered result
Mirror zoom magnification between adjacent windows?
Rigify rig main properties and rig layers disappeared
Unable to identify frame for cut in VSE - Bug?
Missing "encoding" panel/tab
Why is my sub-surf modifier acting up?
Texture files zig-zag across object, never looks like it should
Do you think the edge loop is ok? especially around the ears. Will it deform well after animation?
Render turns out plain white
How can i select by number of vertices?
Can i apply normal map & bump map & a texture on the same object
When to use sRGB and when not to?
How do you bring back the object properties console?
fluid in a glass
Baking textures: Circular Reference in texture stack error
what is the difference between the two plus signs when adding a material with the blender render engine?
Subdivision Surface Modifier destroys certain faces
How to animate text being revealed on the screen
What is the is the difference between object and data link for while creating materials?
how can i remove the current UV image texture off a mesh?
Apply scale when adding UV texture, why? why not?
Color Issue when texturing a surface
How do I make the .mtl file contain a color for every coordinate
Text in the overlay scene BGE
How to create a simple button for a script?
Saving painted version of model
Only one sculpt brush showing up
Can we extract contact normals in a scene that undergoes in rigid body simulation?
Help with setting up nodes for specific materials in a list
Render grass blades defined by numpy array
dynamic PropertyGroup / Panel
How to use Mask to hide a specific object?
Depth map with distance along the camera Z axis
Why does a bezier curve twist when rotated?
Is 100,000 faces a big render? How can I reduce it?
the opposite of subdivide
How to make elements of mini cooper (door, hood, fender, bumpers, side panel) and their transitions smooth?
how do I import functions from a file in the same directory as the file that is the source of the current text buffer?
Rendering smoke and volume object which is emitting light causes black spots
Changing states in BGE
Texture problem
Permanent Weight Paint
COLLADA export tangent and binormal
How would I make these curved indents in this water bottle? Picture in description.
Texture-less/colourless .obj file when opened
GPU render with multiple cards: Does card order matter?
BGE: What objects are Game Properties?
Cloth not touching surface
Baking cloth simulation use only 20% of cpu ressources, how to get 100%?
Getting an outline with backface culling blender render
My characters walking animation breaks after jumping
Is netrender still only useful for multiple frames?
unselectable edge showing only when smotted
Merging Multiple Vertices
How would you create a cd material in Cycles?
performance question
What is the name of this item and how to get it back?
What is this 3D Model?
How to accurately add sound effects on each rigid body collision?
How to accelerate cloth simulation
Playing Scale and Alpha Animations at the same time
Changing object origin to arbitrary point without origin_set()?
Browse button in StringProperty FILE_PATH not working
How to directly render Compositing ONLY - without 3D scene?
How to repeat a texture mirrored?
Netrenders don't use random seeds
How to convert a single vertex into a plane within a mesh?
Copying logic bricks causes acts strange in the logic editor
What are the faces with dotted patterns on them that seemingly cannot be subdivided
Audio and video segments are not the same length
How to save settings before a factory reset?
changing black uv texture areas to transparent in cycles
How to retrieve the thumbnail from a .blend file?
Texture shows in render but not in 3d view
One part of the render layer glowing?
Fire not rendering in cycles (img sequence)
Is 2000 materials a lot? Is there a better way?
UV mapping for exporting blender textures to unity
Cannot access mapping section of the texture tab
emulate bool Custom Property
Is it worth reducing my poly count?
Cannot create Euro Symbol
Ways of sharing the same smoke cache datas between two different files?
FBX Importer AssertionError (unknown location -1) when importing .fbx from wow model viewer
Make two meshes with same topology, vertices, etc identical for UV map transfer
Using a particle system to fill up a container
simple UV map on a cube gets rendering artifacts near edges
Coordinate alignment of meshes
BGE: Refer to keyboard event boolean problem
Modify transparency of a text object along the timeline using Python scripting
How do I reduce edge loops without weird geometry?
Can't render an inside-out cube?
How to toggle/highlight interactable items?
Baking normals of overlapping objects?
where can I set the axis for the simple deform modifier ?
Can not access game object added in overlay scene
How do I extrude an imported svg along the z axis without clipping the original shapes?
Can i pause and close blender and then resume it later?
Fit a narrow image on a strip
What is the difference between blender render and cycles render?
BGE: How do I make a sensor of one object trigger an actuator of another object?
Rounded Ends (or caps) on Biezer Curve Pipe
My keyframes doesn't appear on the Dopesheet at all?
When working in the UV editor, how can I snap the face corners to the four corners of the image?
How to solve normals artifacts?
Plastic material for a dice
Change start time for each camera
BGE: Cube parented to another cube not colliding with objects
how to texture an object and keeping the object's color
python script to read in .csv file containing quaternion coordinates and turn it into a path/curve for an object to follow
How to get shadows on the ground plane? (Noob)
Adding an image to a plane as a reference
How to efficiently model a pile of stones or pebbles
UV unwrap: separate maps for separate faces problem
Is adding a lot of loop cuts bad?
Keep Scale While Animating
Planning - how important is it to create mostly quads and few triangles?
How to use the textured material from a multi-mesh object onto a single mesh obj?
Can I permanently deform a mesh with a rig?
How to enable GPU rendering with my Radeon card in Linux?
Sharp edges while maintaining circular shape
How to make feathers on a mesh?
Why can't i get my undo history back?
I am looking for a tutorial that shows the basic steps of the curve modifier. VERY BASIC, PLEASE
Blender Will Not Select Faces, Vertices, or Edges in edit mode individually
Is there a recommended way to put a copyright notice in a ~.blend file?
How can I completely remove Blender from my Mac?
How to get posebone global location
How to create properties for new object types
How to find out object's location coordinates?
Operator Panel options grayed out
Opened up Blender and armature isn't moving the mesh!
First Vertex insert
Sync zoom level in quad view
Reflective floor and glossy material
Fix - Pink textures. why are some of my textures pink and some not?
Scale-able/rotate-able 2x4 wood plank with 45-degree cut end - is there a better way?
Slide the legs of a table
Giving lettes an individual node
Why can't I use branched path tracing?
Help with smoothing surface of mesh
How did I accidentally exit edit mode and revert all of my changes?
How to get normal/displacement/ao maps for a part of a photo
Particle system domain box deforms the character (smoke effect)
How can i make a color transparent in node editor
Walk animation missing
Move duplicated key frames
Why aren't lights affecting my scene?
Rigify Generate -- Deformation Bones vs. Armature?
Is there a way to choose a beginning and ending edge and auto select all the edges in between?
Rotate view around vertical Y-axis
Importing 3DS Patron liquor bottle has no color, texture, glass material or label showing
Modeling a circular shape with round extrusions along the edge
Animating a picture
How can I make a set of vertices part of an existing plane with an imported image?
How to offset or loft surface maintaining cross-sectional area?
Bake texture from view
Going down the wrong path for human skin?
Blender Python Axis swapping on PoseBone
Able to mask out the eye but the glowing part of it
Step-by-step to baking a model for export, so that it looks smooth but doesn't have all the faces of a subdivided mesh
Strategy to reduce polygon count of Comet 67P shape model using python
Is Z-Render Pass accuracy dependent on sample count? Are others like object id? (Cycles)
Character motion jump
How to model a turtle's shell starting from a circle/ using a circle?
How to fix bad moving parts?
if i have layer 1, 2 and 3, how do i user layer 1 to mask out only layer two using layer mask
Why does my creature look like this when I try to skin it?
Rig moving after clearing all frames
Material colour not animating
Why is my Normal map not working?
How would you hide the cracks in cell fracture?
How to get rid of these displacement artifacts?
Replacing part of an object's name with object.name.replace?
Getting a flat, thin, long, cube (ribbon) to follow Beizer curve?
Inverse Kinematics leg/arm rig bending the wrong way
cloud generator add-on with cycles
How would I make these parts of this pocket watch?
How can I control the size (Diameter) of a ring that is made with the simple transform / Bend?
Node editor's backdrop and render result are not the same!
Uniform Texture Page Repeat
Can not delete actions in action editor even with Shift + x
Hair simulation cache
how to join two Navigation mesh?
Simple modeling rules to get sensible UV mapping
Armature with Spline IK Constraint animation problem
Convert Curves to Grease Pencil?
Multires baking requires a multires object
Depth of Field F-stop not doing anything?
Is there a way to do proportional editing only on specific vertices?
Animating wheel rotation with transform constraint to a proxy rigid body
GPU rendering no light penetration in large scene
Killing Blender processes
How to simulate a suction cup?
Boolean intersect with all shape keys of target object
can i lock my zoom in position while sculpting?
Normal map baking acting up
Material doesnt show up in rendered view
Installed .py scripts not showing up
Can't add keyframes properly
BGE: How do I hide the player HUD from other players or cameras?
Create a surface within bounding curves?
Run bge for a certain number of frames?
Can a model be both smooth and flat shaded?
How do I rotate face normals verticies (not flip!)
Why am I getting this shadow on the top of my pocket watch?
HDR Images I pack go missing in render
Get Object Width In Cycles as Value
Smoke only emits for 1 frame?
Morphing low poly object to high poly object
Blender to unreal engine
capillary waves and gravitational waves simulation
Why does my material loose translucency as I increase Samples
How to translate a bone with IK in pose mode using the python API
Getting a normal map to work in a multiple uv node setup
Blender particle hair coloring problem cycles render
Strange behavior when separating by loose parts
Cam slowing down at end of path
Reset Blender Scene
blender python plugin error
How to calculate rotation value of 2 connected edges corner
Can I restrict viewport render to inside the camera
Apply Auto Smooth and its angles in a script
How to install BoolTool on a Mac?
Making a car game opponent
Moving armature using as pivot a bone from other armature
Cannot assign material to the correct face
Odd, glitchy shadows (Blender Internal)
Do some materials appear to be darker at grazing angles ?
Why doesn't Connect Vertices create an edge as opposed to Make Edge/Face?
Does this flat 5 sided face count as a square?
Vary particle hair settings within same system?
Hook/parent/constrain to particle hair?
Why do my chains separate when falling when I use physics with them?
FBX with Weight or Deformation support?
how to open a timeline window
hair color isn't changing and stays white
uv mapping moving images on a mesh with dynamic distortion correction in python
UV texturing mesh object won't turn black in texture painting mode
Hair doesn't follow vertex group
How do i animate a group rotating as one object?
Why does my river change itself into a big, flat (with some bumps) square when i use the ocean modifier?
Object are showing black in material view
CUDA error: ILLEGAL_ADDRESS in cuCtxSynchronize()
Removing artifacts from transparent textures
Pixelate Faces in the VSE
How to setup custom expression in Blender?
Meaning of UV in "UV/Image Editor"
How can i download/install the Motion Trail-addon (svn-download)?
How to start an animation at a different frame than that of the start of the loop
How can Tris be used to an Advantage?
Reflection is quad dependent and looks non realistic
Baking textures in Cycles vs. Blender Internal
bpy.context.selected_objects: Context object has no attribute "selected_objects"
Weird radial pattern on texture in cycles render, but not viewport rendered
Missing body parts when importing mhx in blender
Good approach to make planks for a barrel?
Pitchypoy rigify issue
How to recalculate Follow Path animation after curve length has been altered?
How can I see if an object is inside the volume rendering of the camera?
obj file not displayed properly
Video Editing - video strips go black after adding images
how do I make to recognize the body of the robot, as blender recognize just the body?
Cannot figure out how to rig a flexible strap
How do I snap a vertex along a local axis?
bpy.ops.view3d.view_selected() issue
No camera found in blender
Blender crashes on startup
Lighting on triangles - every other one is darkish
Cycles Node Editor: Double Diffuse problem
Why doesn't pasting X flipped pose paste arm poses?
Normal orientation does not show dot
How to set child object world scale using python?
Does the steam version of blender install Python automatically?
Camera position and rotation while following path
Seams are visible after texturing using UV unwrapping
Fluid Simulation is still low quality even with resolution of 250
How to make a force field concentrate only on a specified area?
Why are the UV coordinates from dupli parent returning black?
set light position from script
change background color from script
Can Blender build proxy files with transparency?
How to enable ambient occlusion in the Viewport with Python?
Extruding only extrudes in 1 direction
Rotation of rotated element
Blue line in the Image Strip not showing
How do I finish cutting out this wheel well?
Problems with Solidfy Modifier for 3D Printing; creating a gap
Should "Intruding" be used here?
Eye blinking method?
Alpha Mask a texture with a mask having a different UV Map
How to setup shaders for semitransparent mirrors?
Moving faces radially
How to export hair particles to stl file?
Joining text objects and cube
Navigation mesh not found in properties
How do i add material/textures to only one face of an object?
Timers and animation frame rate
Whether someone has done a user defined version of Blinn-Phong (not Blinn and not Phong separately) reflection model in the node editor?
Rearrange uv where i want
Rotating face downwards
How to randomly spawn objects a limited distance from another object?
Can I (easily) add text to a movie?
Keyframe or parent separate meshes in same object?
Aplying material to individual faces of multiple objects
Why won't my model unwrap?
Get glossy shading but no reflections (Cycles)
Combining Translucent and Volume Shaders
Cycles Fake Absorption Setup Explanation
Render not being saved
Why won't blender files open?
Adding Ngons to Meshes
blender renders wrong portions of video strips
Measuing an irregular volume from an .stl mesh
Once I made and parented a rig, can I still add more bones? (forgot the tail)
How to add more light to the 3D view
Creating high poly from low poly model
Multiple array modifiers and object offset rotation
Why does voronoi texture switch use intensity coloring when ramped?
Different shading on same objects
Can I make an animation in the blender game engine but still move the object how I want?
How do I invert this timer in BGE to make it count-down?
Rendered object Blender 2.74 can't be moved
How to randomise rendered frame
Using python to animate a curve FModifier
Fade out object with alpha value
Can I undo overwritten files?
How do I shrinkwrap an object to a curved surface cleanly and efficiently?
How to keep my particles from getting messed up once converted?
Making an Invisible Material in the Cycles render engine
Use tracking information from video to make a 2d panorama
Cube will not collide no matter what
UV Map not being applied to object
Drivers not working when running blender in the background from command line
Blender to Poser 10 issue
Creating/Handling pathfinding large world waypoints in Blender
How can I add a scale reference to the Z axis
Loop cutting parts of an object instead of the whole object in Edit Mode
How to export fluid animation 100% prebaked and import to UE4
How to make an object in blender game engine react with different collision differently
How can I delete uv layers with python?
Is it possible to have a Material input node in the Cycles Renderer?
How to easily make mesh retopology?
How can I make the character not going backward after collison with a bad's guy ammuntion?
Why are there rectangle shaped glitches when using motion blur problem in Cycles?
Mesh Disapearance in Material mode
How to easily organise your Blender scene?
Why does the Minecraft-texture have black/dark borders in Cycles?
Question about particle systems ("static particles")
Dark artifacts when rendering CAD-type model
Remove frame in edit mode
Which is the best way to bend a rod
BGE: KX_GameObject Attribute description unclear
Material that shows up as alpha channel on render, but shows up in reflections
Color is not applied when drawing fonts in BGE with blf and bgl
Coverting an appended object into a linked object?
anmiation freezes while playing
how to playblast camera in Blender?
When I Import Two Models Into Blender I Can Only Edit One at a Time
What is the right polygon count?
How long should a 10mb .svg import file take to load in Blender?
No painting strokes showing when Texture painting
set mass of objects via python?
Rendered animation brightness shifted in some players but not others
equirectangular rendering for Blender Internal?
How are vertex indices determined?
Can't flip pose properly blender
How to make two bones have the same rotation matrix?
Does Sculpting create any new Geometry?
Cover the Curve Bezier with a Plane. It's impossible to duplicate it and R it
How to define customized property in Material?
How to get rid of unnatural green glare from grass?
Custom Font Thumbnail
Is there a possibility to move multiple objects to a deferred origin, but maintaining the space between them?
Pin fur-planes to object
Blender crashes when playing (P) a duplicate scene in BGE
Alphas are "blurry" when sculpting?
How do I parent another object only to a specific bone?
Which animation features don't support sub-frames?
Cyclic animation and compositor
Is there a way to get the vector to the closest UV seam?
How to pin a cloth in blender game engine
Hot to get rid of strange object borders
How to properly bake normal maps?
Bsurfaces addon not working correctly
How to animate a plane track
Expanding plane size while keeping existing vertices
BGE: Add object actuator spawning bullet on wrong angle
Creating an object out of other objects
wacom tablet right mouse and 3D cursor
Making a object with soft and rigid body physics
Objects aren't visible when I render the image
Stamp Cut another Mesh
Change the RT shader used for the 3d view?
Python: Low level apply rotation to an object
Add sound to animation preview
Why does a vertex not become part of the edge it was snapped to?
How can I subdivide a face which is next to a face that is already subdivided?
Black artifacts only in final render
Blender Game Engine: While mouse button is pressed
What is Generated Mapping and UV Mapping? And what is the difference?
How to merge textures into single image
Rotate Models Incrementally
A sequence of 90-degree rotations with Python
How do I overlay a photo of a face over a character on a video?
How to model a ridged dial or gear shape
How to select overlapping objects
Why this material doesn't render?
Toggle Armature Layer Visability via Drivers?
How to perform basic tasks in Cycles vs. Blender Internal?
How to use PropertyGroupItem
Blender Game Engine: do something when an actuator happens
No Light in Object Mode
How to get solid render with wireframes and no shading
Deleting an object from the outliner
Why does the object turn black in the Edit Mode?
How to paint through a whole mesh while weight painting
Using Blender as a video editor can I only add an audio track without recoding a video track?
Create UI slider for each member in a custom vertex layer (floats)
How to model stiches on a chair
Squared shadows after rendering
How to animate Constraints?
How can I jump to the first frame in the timeline?
Adding 'stretch to' constraint on spring with target will change direction of spring
F-curve connected sound to text
Hotkey for SpaceUVEditor.show_texpaint
How to work with three point lighting system?
Blender Smoke Simulation Glitch: Why are parts of my smoke flashing?
How do I render a Panorama-tracker stabilized 360° video?
How to create a gradient colour like on the picture and the apply it on a mesh
Values from system console
How can put a mesh into a different position?
How do you animate image texture materials in blender cycles with keyframes?
Changing the pivot point and using it to snap to grid
Normal map bake creases on render
NLA editor gets tangled all up in Blender 2.75?
How can I make an armature for eyes?
Vary the size of a particle instanced object
Is it possible to render an equirectangular image in Blender Internal?
Object changing scale in Rendered mode
Bezier curve handles - precision modeling
Copy animation from rig to rig
Saving images with transparent spacing between islands
Creating an explosion in blender game engine?
Calling a method from a string
Import PLY doesn't display vertex colors
Is there a way to smooth a selected patch of vertices but preserve the contour?
Light bending or custom rendering engine?
Does bmesh guarantee order of vertex in a edge according to the time they were added
Merging seam borders when using 360° Spin Tool
Why texture painting without color?
Same object with modifiers in different layers
Blender UV Help
make a hotkey to determine the orientation and the pivot point?
Keyframe toggle visibilty for child object using parent object in outliner?
How do I snap one vertex to the position of another vertex in a different object?
Where is the definition of this function "layout.template_node_view"
Wireframes with Square Cross-Sections?
Material and Texture to Achieve an appearance
Start script on open blender file
Update/rerun a command on every frame?
Can the UV map be updated without unwrapping the mesh?
Duplicate object in different sizes
UV unwrapping mesh with radial array modifier
Using ctrl alt s to change b-bone size
Convert CSV Latitude longtitude to Blender coordinates
Sidewalk and grassy dirt?
rotate an object while it follows a path
control curves with bones
Lock part of an object so that it doesn't scale
How can I render a cubemap with Blender Internal?
Dynamics on surfaces in Blender render as in Unreal engine
Models for 3D printing are sliced wrong, can't figure out optimal thickness
Append Camera Tracking to a new file
Is blender the right tool for my simulated 3D environment?
Outline Bezier curve in 2D mode
Does Cycles f-stop effect the brightness of the render
Robot leg passing through the ground
is there a way to copy part of pose into another pose
is there a way to animate a lot of bones moving the same way one after another?
How to get rid of this seam on my texture?
How to Flip the POSES?
Collada file size
How can I repeat a group of animation phases
How close is fluid simulation to being able to influence rigid bodies?
Blender Video Editor: Clip stays attached to cursor after releasing left click during drag
Visual Sequence Editor Imports Movie Strip as Too Long
Is it normal to have these reflections when full global illumination on?
animating a marshmallow burning
animating a body and having it effect cloth
How do i create a Doodle art animation in Blender?
Drawing an arrow between 2 vertices to indicate the direction using bgl
Why is my render turning out grey?
How to use emitter for generating thick forest so that trees would not intersect?
How to assign a keyboard shortcut for a mesh selection mode?
Correct way to use the Normal Map node in Cycles
How to properly set VERTEX_PAINT mode from a python script?
Armature deformation behaviour with shape keys
How to keyframe mesh vertices in Python
save viewport position?
UV coordinates to XYZ coordinates
Texture Problem, Multiple Textures
Letter by Letter Animation
Blender game engine graphics
Addons are not installing
Issues with reference video framerate
Drive color via custom property
Is it possible to make blurs that have an angle?
Is there a way to do a J-Cut or L-Cut in the video editor?
Why there is a layer of transparancy on my uv map?
How to make the hero from my game to be the same in all levels?
Generate video sequencer project from a script
How to turn a linked group into independent objects?
Efficient way to delete all points below z = 0 on grid via Python script
Creases at cutoff parts of normal map wrap
Viewport Shading, color wont show up on the 3d object in cycle render
Linking external data back to the blender file after moving
Blender Python Displaying UI Table with header
AutoCAD User Converting Rectangular Joints to Curves
import video strip VSE into the 3d image plane
Trying to understand texture baking
How to render mesh that's inside another mesh?
Active Layer Indicator
How to UV map complicated bevels
Preferences Shuts Down Blender
Scripts: Converting Quaternions to Pre/Post Rotations
Find out if Mesh Operator (bpy.ops.mesh...) was cancelled or not via python
Collision not working
Blender Game Engine: RayCast to get a point
Why does perspective always have xray on?
How to get Blender to add new face-ids but not recalculate old face-ids?
How can I create different animations for a mesh on Blender?
Blender Game Engine: Do something when an 'action' animation happens
Why are this seams there?
rendering cubemaps by code (context error)
How to model notched detail on a gun?
How can I unwrap an object with minimum distortion in the UVs?
My materials look all scratchy and not cool,
getting ripples while selecting with stylus after installing window 10
Extrude Faces Offset Snap
3x4 camera matrix from blender camera
Texture painting showing UVGrid when coloring
Problem with knife project tool: the result is not smooth
Duplicate object suffix (.nnn) to be put elsewhere (prefix maybe?)
Stereoscopic camera: how to see objects visible only from the right and left camera
Recording number of checkpoints passed
Why casting a sphere to a cube give cylinder+cube?
Fixing Ambient Occlusion?
Fluid in moving glass simulation
How to seperate meshes that are rigged to an armature
Fluid, object, childof constraint animation - won't work
Imported .obj just showing a black texture
Why is my AO a single colour ? ....grey
Is there a way to rotate and pan view while in knife tool and other tools that lock the view ports?
Cycles and OSL Render - Weird Seam
Translucent shadow (ceramic material)
How can I use colours to separate texture node treatment?
How to make good camera tracking markers
How can my process of modeling be Sped Up?
Python importing nightmare
Sculpting effects not showing until I switch to edit mode?
How can I make a script to make Cycles load a new texture each frame?
ambient occlusion bug?
How do I distort a mesh like fabric?
strange artifacts seen in 3D view of script-animated high-poly mesh
Problems with numpad operators
How to link/append with a Python script?
Could this be a Normal Map?
How do I get out of 3D view
How can I render edges?
Parenting Mesh with Bone
Why when I try to add a point to the curve bezier I duplicate it
How to avoid crashing?
How do I paint a texture onto an already textured object?
Driver not always visible in the graph editor?
Persistent Floating Help Box in 3D View for Addon
How do I rotate a mesh object's vertices along an axis with a degree of rotation that increases along a linear gradient?
Nodes are not applied to a few meshes
How do you fade the edges of a model?
How do I make an object always be a duplicate of anything?
Geforce 210 with Cycles?
Why do people not connect all their cycles nodes?
Render Problems with VSE
Continuously renders a previous rendered version, not what is currently in the scene (Cycles Render)
What causes this mist pass glitch?
What are nodes, and how do I use them?
adding support edges
some kind of dynamic and localized subdivision surface modifier - type algorithm?
What is the simplest way of extracting the depth values of the scene?
Rigid body hitboxes
Why are there seams all over the mesh when a Normal Map is applied?
Creating enterable buildings
Exporting to FBX OBJ DAE 3DS
Using OpenGL in blender python
Concerning ease of use Internal or Cycles for applying, and baking textures to Unity?
How to export UVMap to paint with external tools
Objects not detecting each other?
How to make particle animation intensify as an empty comes near?
How do I create a magnified glass effect in Cycles?
How do I make app.handlers suport undo (CTRL+Z)
Bake combined normal map in cycles?
Material animations not working with property?
OS-X - Fly Mode won't respond to mouse movements
Shader receive light cast shadow with its color
Resume rendering?
Use a mesh as a path with correct tilt information for use with "duplicate frames"
Rigid body joints 'popping out'
Getting location of the object with "follow path" and "track to" constraints -- using Python
How to round a mesh?
Iterate over Properties of an Operator
Cannot replace a packed image in the uv image editor
Error while exporting preset in sapling:add tree
Import animation of an FBX model
Certain colors not showing on Cycles Render
Using the face edit mode as a texture in bge
rendering out a mesh from rhino3d - problem with camera
Blender rigging while handling cloth collision
How to paint a texture on, based on the way it was mapped on with UV?
Tough time importing .dxf into blender
stitching image slices together with python or compositor
How can I calculate the pixel size for each direction of my rendered image?
Is it possible to change the default transparent color when texture painting?
Render view does not match final render (Cycles Render)
How to make a texture that shines, or paint a material?
Can't import ctypes from Blender's Python
Best way to make a Ghillie suit in Blender?
Import group from external blend file
Spot lamp rotation and dupliverts
Particle Color based on where the particle is emitted?
Distortion Coefficients and Camera intrinsic of blender's cameras?
wm.context_toggle for Toggle On / Off X-RAY Armature ( Context attribute )
How to get/select a bone by it's name in python?
Why doesn't the paint-on texture show when rendered (packed and saved texture)?
Exporting / importing .obj messes up the materials
Export Skybox for Games
Start / stop automatically raycast
Access points along a bezier curve
Cycles normal shader with colors similar to baked normals
Has the Control Key + Rotation snapping increment been changed or dropped?
Bending with Lattice modifier
Best background for cut outs
.OBJ Import Error
Blender Import with materials (textures)
Applying physics to multiple objects at the same time
Is there a way to deinterlace footage using Blender?
Automatically update an UIList
Bone rig doesn't work?
When rotating, objects jump around the screen
Mirrored geometry does not receive the same material?
How do you import an object from another Blender file without losing textures?
Camera tracking rendering problems
How do I create texture that resembles texture of human body?
Is it possible to make a single-faced cylinder in Blender?
VSE: Fade to white via a bloom transition
Black lines on render
Texture Painting: brush wants to be dragged from a site to another
Accessing Point Data of an Animated Bezier Curve Through Python API
Do I need to apply a mirror modifier before exporting to Unity?
generate an event or function callback when a stringproperty is changed via user interface
Do I have to download a model to create a human being?
Why is my blender model/mesh not connected in some places?
duplicate mesh along text?
interactive boolean like in autodesk fusion 360
Normalized z-depth shader (based on the cycles camera data node)
Script works well in python console but crashes when "Run Script" in text editor?
How to apply material on an object that is under armature
where to set Image Mapping to Extend mode in Cycles?
Partitioning/ segmenting a 2D plane
How to Combine two Normal Maps?
how to avoid gaps on the distribution of hair on a model?
Blender quit showing the words when I open it
Whats wrong with this weight paint?
Particle system doesn't affect part of mesh?
Retopo: Can we apply shrink-wrap to multires subdivisions?
How best to create angular pipes for a set?
Separating tire from a car?
Picture projection on smoke simulation?
how to move some vertices of the same object to a desired x,y,z location?
Transparent render layers
Compositing: How the resize the scene to fit the matte?
gamma cross flashes secondary strip for 1-2 frames before fading
Actions wont delete. Even with Shift+X
Why isn't Text Draw working anymore?
Missing threshold in the post processing section
Wine glass isn't transparent when imported to unity
How to change the stroke placement of the grease pencil in the UV window?
Custom bone weights lost when switching to object mode
Background image shows in front of 3D objects, not behind them.
How do you freeze or reset a lattice?
cross-shaped armature with pushable center
Need some modeling/workflow tips on Kettlebell/grenade look
Method to specify the Solidify thickness based on another surface
How do I only bloom solid shadeless colors? (GLSL)
Is render time, openGL, or memory affected whether a modifier is applied or not?
Bottle is not showing up clear in render mode
Why is my smoke simulation not updating?
Irregular UV unwrap from rectangular object
Can I assign "U" for "undo"?
Why does blender need my CPU when I'm GPU rendering?
Missing 'rect' attribute in RenderLayer
How to deform multiple mesh objects with one manipulator?
How to copy animation attributes to multiple objects?
Python: Get the "stop" value of an UI element that's currently used
Changing moment of inertia in rigid body simulation
How do I change the value of the "To:" text field on the Message actuator?
How to make object follow terrain?
Both Smoothing / Subdivision creates unwanted outcomes (squashing UV label or black tint in glass)
Render wireframes with hidden wires?
How do I use CTRL-R to cut all the way through an object, not just one face?
Emit map and mirror map? How can I texture emission and reflection?
What would be the best way to round an object to fit a shape?
Object scaling preventing retargeting of rigify rig to bvh with MakeWalk
make blender faster while working. not concerned about render speeds
where do i find option to change light bounce?
Texture painting on sphere
UV Unwrap End of a Pipe
How can I get a Sin City/300 monotone and grayscale style
Overlaying images with different seed values
Adding drop-down text to segments of a Blend(-ed)4web plane?
My vertices disconnect
Planetarium sky animation
Arrow Animation
How to do a lightcast only Layer in Cycles?
How can I bake the cloth simulation into keyframed vertices or shape keyed vertices?
How can we move meshes for dental occlusion?
How do I make a flattened sphere shape?
'Child of' Constraint, setting Inverse doesn't work?
Blender rendering only one frame, not whole animation
Blender weight painting is offsetting mesh when adding automatic weights
Cycles not rendering image or movie clip used as background in the viewport
Accidentally removed cloth preset, how can I restore it?
Compositing: When to use premultiplied alpha?
Need Help Removing a Green Screen, Movie Clip Node missing
Texture Paint dot
Setting constraints causes the location of the constrained objects/bodies not be accessible
2 animations on same model problem
Creating a wave-like animation with plane/ image
I pressed P and I don't know what happened
Mesh not rendered in Blender
Why is my footage smearing out towards the border on rendering an image?
How to copy position, size from one armature to another?
Extrude edge along roof angle
How to copy pose or keyframes to other armature with same bones structure and naming?
How to export a transparent clip?
Sound export in 44100 Hz instead of 48000 Hz, why?
Unwanted UV Vertices
Weird grainy texture in default brush in paint texture mode
Bizarre Hair Render In Cycles
Some bones not saved in pose library
How to rename active or first texture slot of a material from script
change the way wireframe is diplayed
How to start a Time Node?
Blender smoke not rendering in 2.75
Smooth a Cylinder in one direction
How to display a number as output value in node-editor?
How can I eliminate the added height when applying a thickness to Solidify modifier?
Perfectly matching concentric shell walls?
Is there a way to draw a pattern onto mesh and then extrude?
How to create an image whose alpha value changes according to a curve through time in node-editor?
Join roof faces together to form a top
Fluid simulation render is distorted (video example included, Blender 2.75a)
Selecting faces within a given radius
Problem painting objects in blender game engine
How do I use render layers to give my model more light/dark contrast?
Creating the look of "object " mode
Blender models adding extra faces in Element 3d
How would I attach text to a tracked point on video clip
Normal map looking weird on mesh
controlling speed of an action by driver or scripting
stretching problems with curve modifier
Wicked mesh deform: Misusing bones, meshes or both?
How should I design the jaw for rigify pitchipoy?
Can a glass object be made to act completely transparent to only the object contained inside of it?
What is the best export of a 3D model?
Keyed Particles don't render
How Reconstruction tools works?
Why will my rigid body objects not come to a rest after landing in a bowl?
This PLY is too dark! How to improve it?
How to have consistent soft body physics in a specific area of an object using vertex groups?
Possible UI panel memory leak?
How to deal with UV mapping for long sharp faces
how to make light pass through a mesh?
Can't Publish BGE to EXE
Car test Ray problem in BGE
BGE. Is it possible to create transparent plane with blur filter?
How to reverse the image sequence of a movie clip in video editor ?
How to scale to a specific point/distance
spline editing or clever non spline editing?
How to make a logo cycle (or loop) on top of a clip in movie editing mode?
Change Particle attributes when inside a specific area
Blender rendering just one frame when percentage scale is >50% (Cycles)
Model in Blender differ from model in stl file
Setting camera clip end via Python
How to find out if the array_index of a fcurve is used
Cutting a tree, to make a tree stump
How to non-destructively solidify only certain faces?
Selecting an object via scripting?
Character motion moving script
Modify light source so it will only create highlights and not reach into shadowy crevices?
Is there a way to append to an external blend file?
Model a Curved Edge
Blender Sequencer speed is Extremely slow
How can I inspect Scene Render settings in a .blend file from Python externally?
How can I get a random number that is constant per object in a material
How to add a light that is only visible to the shadow path?
How to add a RGB Curve node
Is there a way to register a python script at other moments than loading?
Background removal
Stack several time the same channel?
How to prevent the decimate modifier from working on vertices outside the vertex group (with python)?
Change Blender's Preferences Dynamically
How to make an expanding wave ?
Can't run blender
How to create a typing text-object animation ?
What does unwrapping a model do and why is it important?
Problems with import/export script with --background
LightMap Not working properly
How to convert frames between keyfames into keyframes?
Blender render background image distorted
Armature/Bone Heat Failed
How to reconnect a split face to its mesh?
Easiest process for me to apply textures, created externally, to my models
How to export an edited clip into a video file in the VSE?
Load numpy array to imagebuff
Getting area (region.view2d) pixel coordinates of 2D views (VSE, NLA)
Need help moving the origin to center
Paint With Image Projection in Texture Paint Mode
How do I rig each blade to fan out like an aperture lens?
Cycles Normal Map Baking
How to add extrapolation functionality in Blender 2.69?
Recreating the line detail in shadows from The Wolf Among Us in blender?
programmatically start the game engine?
How to add ringing artifacts?
How do I exit extrude?
Multi extrude a vertex in the coordinate direction
Making a light source invisible to everything except shadow rays
CSv file and pose library
How to change the inherited F-curve independently from the original one ?
Execute Python Script on existing Blender shortcut
"Updating Objects Flags". Best ways to get around long rendering times?
BGE python: get list of vertices
Best way to create a hole in a mesh?
Adjusting Freestyle in the Blender compositor
How to merge two meshes together, automatically fill all holes and remove intersecting faces
How to make a 3gpp file usable for the movie clip editor ?
How to merge two weightpainted meshes with two separate armatures?
If property does not exist, use default value in python
Is possible to generate a preview material from python?
Create animations then update the model?
Collada Export confusion
Change material of object between multiple scenes
How to create a refraction plane in the BGE?
Force Blender to Select rig instead of geometry
Making a camera with a green tint
Is there any way to stop Z-fighting besides remove doubles?
Lining up vertices
Triangulation using X, Y, Z data file to create an elevation model
2D morphing video images
Compositor Backdrop disappeared
Particles - Objects Order
Particle number ZERO
How to make a F-curve with a constant and linear part?
BlenderAndMBDyn installation - Action tab missing
How to properly sharpen concave angle without affecting topology?
How do i write a script that modify every material in the scene by creating and connecting a "UV map" node to every texture file node?
how to create a single-direction IK leg with a direction controller?
How to add outline to text?
How can I remove the lines around the edge of an object?
Using the z-depth buffer when drawing from bgl draw callbacks?
How can I bake the material from cycles render (with diffuse, glossy, emission, transparent, glass and translucent nodes) and use it next time?
Refraction planes texture view vector mapped
How can I enable or disable bone constraint in blender game engine
Animating with Action Sets and Action Constraints
How to stop blender game engine using Python upon reaching a condition in the script?
I don't know how to bring my model back after clicking a mesh data link on the object data tab
Fluid simulation can only last 100 seconds?
How can I save both FK and IK animations in one .blend file?
Enhanced 3D Cursor addon causes problem with the script search path
How do I select vertices that are directly under the other?
Prevent property from being saved with blend file
"Chocolate truffles" in Cycles
Capture realtime motion from Kinect
Keep texture and change UVs?
One material fades into another on model?
How to fix strange face-select behaviour?
Add additional behaviour to brush when using vertex paint mode
Volumetric Spot Light with Cycles
Working in a group blender project
How to keep this child bone in place?
How to return to default view in a file you got elsewhere
Getting numpy array of a rendered image
Rigging Help. Need help understanding some basics
Is it possible to move an FCurve from one bone to another?
Blender 2.7 render view badly pixelated but all other views are good/fine/ok
How to place images directly on object
How to redefine x,y,z orientation of a model?
High start clipping causing dashed edges in 3d view?
Cycles: How do I exclude the Environment Texture from reflections?
Mesh Curve not exporting properly to unity
In Cycles, how can you make Particles Emit Starting from the Left to the Right?
Uneditable black faces in sculpt mode
Is there an addon to quickly make realistic (diffuse, bump, specular, e.t.c.) materials?
How to close a pipe with a perfect hemisphere?
Correcting bone orientation in Python
Why is Blender Guru UV unwrapping?
Blender render doesn't display skybox while opengl render does
A clean way to create crease-cavity
How to divide a 3d model to get different colors on Unity?
Load vertex animation
How to make a way to interact with a 3D model in different ways? (Make it rotate and light up)
How to extrude equally in all directions?
MouseLook script Cap problem
How to save as an OBJ and import to Element 3D
Get out of "orange selection" mode
Why can't I add cuts to a shape?
I can't add cuts to a plane
"L" select connected selection tool doesn't work
Dynamic way to connect the balls with rods
Remove doubles corrupts UV mapping
v2.6 Primitive method Python code to add circle
Freestyle Noise Modifier Animation
Video Encoding over multiple computer?
Why can I not select any vertices at all?
Creation of Navigation mesh object dynamically
How to install a tar.bz2-Blender-file manually for Linux?
Blender doesn't show "Jack" in user preferences system audio
Strange Shadow on mesh?
How to color vertices of a cube?
How can I make a holographic material in cycles?
Export TGA or BMP textures for WebGL
How transfer vertex animation (vertex shapeKeys) to 3dmax or unity3d?
Added object's properties greyed out?
Making very hard shadows softer?
ivygen : where is the ivy panel?
How to lock vertex to axis during bone rotation?
Can I use array modifiers to create staggered rows of blocks in a dome?
Quickest way to create a color gradient texture
Super Monkey Ball / Neverball level rotation system
Accepting Values in variables
Focusing the graph editor area to a custom [frame, keyframe_value] range
Interpolate two sets of tracking points
How to make joints for 3D printing?
How to create a button in Custom panel to take you to the specified url
Size of Image Textures
How to animate a propellor?
Why can't I select bones in pose mode
Make a rotations-only parent BGE
Layer specification for bpy.ops.mesh.primitive_torus_add
How to use absolute value in Loopcut and edge slide?
Why does my .7 solve error result in bad track?
Reset object origin without moving object
Increase power of emitters on objects?
Copying FBX animation to armature
How would I go about creating a 3D MMORPG Mouse Look?
ID masks for reflections
Create Randomized levels in BGE
Access texture that has been altered through texture nodes
Brighter SSS in Blender Internal
How can I make a node setup, where only round emitter glows outside the image?
Using Blender to animate CAD mechanisms?
Blender Game Engine: Order of vertices in a mesh
Blender window type icon only changes header
BGE: Create a sight system for an enemy
Display material preview in custom panel
Blender Internal Noise Texture not showing in Normal channel
Blender UI freezes for a few seconds after changing my custom drop-down
Exporting fonts?
How can I fade out separate images in the Blender VSE?
Get bone position without parent's rotation
Is there a quick way to snap an object's origin to world origin along a specific axis?
Collision sensor triggering when property is near?
Rag doll in game engine?
How to save render?
Can I Cycles bake all diffuse lighting in one go?
slicer apprixmation for 3d print
render scene such that each pixel represents .1 mm square
How to make particle instances the same size as the dupli object?
Edited texture not replacing old texture in render
How can I subdivide this surface or what do I need to do to the surface to make it able to subdivide
What is the fastest and easiest way to add a vignette in the compositer for Cycles?
Synchronizing object in Cycles
How can I view a texture on a model?
Pose only saving some bone transformations in pose library
Making 3D object from a SVG file
Motion Tracking orientation error "No object to apply orientation on"
Custom cycles math function
why can't i change the setting of primative mesh objects in object mode?
Remote rendering on the cheap
How to set the Physics Type?
Is there a document describing the Cycles BRDF implementation in detail?
Bevel Tool and Mac mouse
Oscurart Tools installation
Why can't I undo any more?
Can a material ignore a light?
How to check if the active object is using no material
Is this a boids bug in 2.75a
Cannot rotate a camera on a motion path that is targeted to an empty.
Using AutoMerge Editing - things aren't merging, what isn't right?
How use spaces instead of underscores in file names?
How to assign uv-coordinates to a procedurally generated mesh
(static) volumetric cloud?
How to apply fcurve modifiers on top of each other, like object modifiers?
How to exclude hair particles from Freestyle using Cycles?
How to get the upper X% of an object and remove the rest
Yafaray render with hdr image as light gives black and white objects
Background image doesn't show up in render
Remove Unused Keyframes?
Mesh doesn't move with armature?
How to bake a texure to a single channel (as a mask) using emission node?
How to copy weight painting on foot1 to foot2?
Scrolling zooms faster than it should
Particles and Random Numbers and Cycles Render
Why is this whole mesh being reconfigured when it is transformed with G, R, or S?
What is the purpose of the "active" toggle on fcurve modifiers?
Why is the viewport DoF glitching?
Weird shadow in rendered image
Blender Video Editor: How to move a picture or movie from place a to place b and capture the movement into the video?
How do I Import/Export models with more primitives than triangles?
Where to store properties on console
How would I go about rigging this?
Ogre: Alpha-Blend Texture
How to put together a driver with python
Particle Info Node and Blender Internal Render
Extrusion is extruding in large increments
Middle-mouse-button (to move the screen) does not work anymore
Strange shadow over my mesh
Blender Fuzzy Camera Rendering Problem
Cylinder Subdivision Surface Modifier Problem - Smooth Shading
UV Map Problems
Local rotation with array and curve modifiers
Vertices Selection Problem
Controlling how deep a reflection goes in Cycles
How do I focus the camera on a certain area or object?
Blender Cycles Rendering Speed
Film Grain After Render
Clamp Settings for Getting Rid of Fireflies
When sculpting, part of mesh is auto mirroring
Custom shortcuts for selecting brushes?
How to fix bland-looking renders (Cycles)
Rendering Backwards
How can a force be applied not to the center of a rigid body object, but to one specific vertex of the object?
frame_change_pre handler only works once
moving vertices in quad view
How to translate bump height into real world measurement?
Is it possible to access the angular velocity of an object from a driver?
how to order the objects in the dope sheet
Proper context attribute for a hotkey to toggle mesh display overlays?
Glossy Texture Baking
How can I combine these overlapping render layers?
Shading Problem
how can I create a company logo using blender?
UV map either not unwrapping or is collapsing in a merge
Blender rendering deleted video
rendering 3D video/image for google cardboard
Cycles OpenCL on a OS X?
Making hair go straight up instead of following the shape?
How to create a "fluid/distortion" effect on a solid object (example inside)
Volumetric Lighting
Python access to Skin Modifier data - again
Thickness of objects with transparent, translucent, etc. shaders
Blender won't let me replace an image
Punching a Hole
How to rotate bone perpendicular to plane with parent bone
Eye in object mode
Change the effect of a light on a certain object?
Render goes black after it's done
Strange subdivision in Multires modifier
Mesh Extra Objects - operator panel is empty when using api instead of gui
Export model transformation matrix
What's the range of values on a sound-baked f-curve?
texture not seem to show up in texture shading mode
Mapping/texturing inside of a box
Height Map Boundary Problem
Weird invisible face issue
How to fade-in a render layer in compositor
How to auto-run a simple script?
Rendering Issue - Tracked Video & 3D Object Composite
Can an add-on be automatically installed and enabled?
Make object not receive cast shadows
Packing Texture Files In a Single Blend File
Is it possible to pause and later resume a fluid sim bake?
Video stitching Blending in real time
How to append multiple materials from different blend files
Rotate an object along face normal in the bge
"Floor" Property in game engine?
How to simplify this geometry?
Blender cycles and blender internal look the same and my materials are too shiny even on diffuse
Problem with grease pencil
Any idea how to fit text width to screen
Equirectangular skyboxes: Tips for avoiding pixellation?
How to copy data from one armature to another POSE MODE
Old Project reappears when rendering
Adding a vertex with control-LMB does not work on OSX - how can I fix that or work around?
Rendering detail on close-up views with lower resolution models?
Why can't I loop cut a cone?
Get current scene on Blender 2.74 using python
MagicMouse and Trackpad Orbiting/Zoom
How to animate the start position object on the wave modifier?
Why is the Steam version of Blender taking so long update?
How do I change the track object of an Edit Object actuator?
How to make a wave that follows empty?
Blender script import model and render it
What is network renderer?
How to install Luxrender?
I'm trying to add a script as an addon and it does not seem to work
Need my character's hands to move independently from HIPS bone
How to notice duplicate geometry?
How to use modifiers in Blend4Web
Modeling a bullet
Follow path constraint problem
Exporting Video From Blender Video Editor
Object appears in 3D view, but partially disappears in camera view and rendering
How can I add motion blur to an animated image in the video editor?
How to rotate mask around cursor?
Non-operator equivalent to bpy.ops.uv.smart_project() available?
Why my texture is not the same in blender and when i export collada?
How to export fills on Freestyle SVG export?
Bump Maps and how to get more details in them
Books or web resources for blender-python (bpy)
Domain boxes show up in cycles render
Solidify Modifier solidifying the wrong way for only a few vertices
Textures disappear when the rendering engine is switched to cycles
Blend shadow casted by a 3d object over an object in real-life footage (VFX)
How to render daz character hair in cycles?
Calling a list of operators from a handler
Let object follow joined path
Random crash while rendering
Changing the range of the coordinates on Blender's Viewport
Particle Hair Not Rendering in Cycles?
Deleted .dvd file, and "Could not open file for writing."
How to reduce Noise in a Dark Cave scene
Texturing a Balloon
Motion blur not applying to rigged propeller
Use composite nodes in blender video sequence editor
Best way to create blended cylinder/hexagon?
Preserving depth when rendering in multipe layers (Cycles)
How to supinate the arm
How to make modifiers not auto-apply or update live while changing parameters?
How can I make the outside of a sphere transparent
How to access driver f-curve data with python?
Is there a way to snap face to the cursor without all its vertices collapsing to a point?
How to generate random integers in bge?
Animation with text
Glossy reflections and smooth shading
Trouble with normal maps
Move Part of uv island to new island, but keeping original seams
Setting enum properties across multiple interdependent enum properties in a script
Mirroring the rig positions
Execute script after change in particle count?
Getting exactly circular/rounded NURBS corners
Braille text in blender
Why can't non color option produce und normal map and color option produce good normal map in cycles preview?
Map shape keys to the 0 - 1 range
sculpting disappears after saving & exiting
Strange lights appearing
Matcaps not showing up
Basic Video Editing - Ubuntu Linux
can't set the location of the object by program?
matplotlib-generated images meet textures
How do I lock multiple bones location in Pose Mode?
Can I use Blender Game Engine (BGE) to create a simple interative movie?
Blender does not utilize full amount of VRAM
How can a evenly spaced grid with a circular boundary be modeled?
Fire not showing up in final render (Blender Internal)
Rendering Sound In Video Sequencer
Is there a way to visualize the tris of a scene?
how to draw this for a beginner?
Render subsection of frame
Using an Emission shader with textures without affecting the color of the mesh?
How to "unravel" a model?
Batch triangulating a model made of multiple objects
Particles are not in contact with object
Unable to GPU render with Mac
Node with 2 color & alpha options
Reflection problem on mirror object
image rendered in blender differs from image saved to disk
Why does the material show black in preview?
Multiple drivers on a single objects x rotation
reorder modifier/constraints stack order in python
Vertex count at the top of the screen is inaccurate
Is there a way to export each rendered layer as its own image?
How to give an image or video a TV screen effect?
How can I slice an object horizontally into equal pieces?
Changing CPU to GPU destroy the 3D view look of a normal map blender 2.75rc2?
How to divide a circle into slices for each side
Outliner filter or sort by object type?
Viewport face colors are different on the same mesh
issues with array modifier
How to make textures made in Blender appear in Unity3d?
Apply *Relative* Shape Key to another mesh?
mesh doesn't follow armature correctly - bones outside the mesh
Why are the renderlayers rendering black?
Matcap materials as a material for render?
How to show Point Density data in 3D viewport the same way a smoke simulation is visualised?
Editing Lamp Strength with Python
UV mapping artifact - Black edge (alpha area)
hair particle textures
objects not falling realistically
Cut BMesh with python
Blender Model Resizing after being Parented to Rig
How to align vertices 100% accurately?
How do I export a single pose to FBX?
Unable to paint texture
How to calculate "blend" based on "spot size" and inner cone angle?
VSE is neither previewing nor rendering multilayer EXR sequences
Make things glow in the game engine
Python script to print tooltip value when mouse is over a property
Text on a balloon
How to create UV and texture for egg shaped model
Turn Toggles off programatically
Need help with fixing a dragon wing
Solid OpenGL lights in Blend4Web?
Armature is not modifying the mesh
What is the best way to scale UVs to fit an image?
How can I set the render border from Python?
Diamond Material on Blender Render engine?
Saving removes 'Device' option in Cycles Render
Where to find menu of a mesh?
What does "Invalid clnors in this fan!" mean?
Empty bpy.data.node_groups
How to move the master bone of a rig to the actual pose?
How to add custom nodes as a Blender standard
How to apply a texture to only one side of a plane
Programmatically adding a Curve bevel_object
Texture changes between object and edit mode
How to extrude objects during game play?
Using a single worker method for properties
Rendered preview stopped working
Dissimilar movement between parent and child in BGE
How to cut an edge at specific point?
Need to understand how to show reflected light well with cycles
File claims it contains 0 faces and 0 vertices but in scene view all object names show
Where are IPO curves and deltas?
How can I keep items of two CollectionProperties synchronised?
Hide Blender's grid floor programmatically
Drawing/sketches in blender
Why is my cycles render still grainy on 1000 cycles?
How to enable an addon on startup via script?
How do I split an edge with a key shortcut?
How do I move an object with a curve modifier applied to it?
What does it mean when my Angle setting under Auto Smooth greyed out?
Triangle to Quad produces disconnected triangles
Is it possible to drive the contents of an existing text object with a text file?
How to copy and paste a single modifier?
How do i set Cycles render to GPU?
How to set vertex weights using Blender's Python API?
Color Ramp vs RGB Curves in Cycles
OSM (Open Street maps) on Blender plane
Auto-Run disabled? should i be concerned with this error?
Can I export as .obj without losing unconnected vertices?
Laser beam pathway with refective mirrors
How to fix blank space on the bottom of lighting HDRs
How to add edge outlining to transparent objects in bge
How to copy background images from one .blend to another?
Shadow catcher not working?
How do I snap an object to an empties world position in the bge
How to switch render source (VSE or Camera)?
How to keep flat faces flat when using smooth shading
How do you get an object's position and rotation through script?
why does world background appear very dark when rendered?
How to move objects to new Render Layer?
Exporting from .obj to .fbx source code
Better quality blur in the compositor
MSI Installation issues
How can I get ImageRender to take a photo from a camera and save it to a file?
Only the first objects i made are rendering
Animate properties in GLSL shading
Save a soft body animation
Compositor nodes are not affecting rendered video
How to save still renders straight to disk like animations?
Can .obj files be fractured properly?
Smoke is not showing up in cycles 2.76 when I try to render
Different Enviroment Map per object/layer. (Blender Engine)
Inserting green screen footage into 3D space
How could I model a realistic broken pillar (concrete)?
Running code after a modal operator finished its job
how to make a 360 video (turntable) of an Object using a python script
How to restrict a part of an object getting painted while texturing in blender
How can I create many objects quickly?
Black areas in final render
eyes rigging with metarig
How do I import a .blend into another .blend?
How can I separate my scene into render layers to render my animation faster in Cycles?
How could I animate a plane into a pipe and then a pipe into a torus?
Blender Python: Where do I get an Image with all the indices for the edges and faces of a cube?
How to search images in folder by suffixes and add as Image nodes?
Why are some materials not showing up in Solid view?
Hide material in Blender
Addons: Only some .zips will install
OSL script includes and reuse
Texture Painting not working with a blank image
Why does my model look "patchy" after I enable smooth shading on it?
how does one add accessories to a sculpted mesh?
How to swap the "visible" box option in the visibility actuator?
BGE: Can I automatically switch to material view on run?
Hiding Bezier curve handles
Rendering through python code
How do I stop vertex normals getting overwritten when I enter edit mode?
Reflections on glossy balloon
How to run script on Blender Quit
How do I make a mirror?
Image textures with transparancy Help
Only Render Vertexes with Normals Parrallel to the Screen?
Big issues with 6Gb 980 Ti and particles rendering. Help is appreciated. .blend file and image included
Deleted objects showing up in render
How to make things easier to tell they are selected?
Snapping two objects by edge in Object Mode
If I'm using hair particles for grass using groups, how can I create dead spots?
How can i make more realistic lighting/materials
How to retopologize my model?
How can I apply textures without them stretching?
Animating a snowboarder
Set Multiple Cameras as Active (Game Engine)?
Problem with texturing UV map
Network Render appears to only use one slave at a time
Can you skip frames with no animation?
Object emit light distance
Importing objects from 3Ds Max to Blender with instancing
Can I drive multiple drivers with a Vector from one procedure call?
Using DataTransfer modifier with Custom Normals in Cycles
Apply Texture map to 2D curve from svg
How can I disable the info pop up in Blender?
Removing Anti-Aliasing from shadows in the BGE
Building Animation
make the scene look like an old television
How do I load an mp4 video with multiple audio tracks into blender?
Is there a start deactivated for particles as well as rigidbodies?
Render only a certain part of a frame, reuse the rest of the frame from the frame rendered before
How to set Node's group color via Python?
How to set up min/max/default value for node group socket via Python?
Is it possible to slide an edge beyond the two vertices its attached to?
how to render in user perspective and not camera perspective
How to get an "extrude" modifier
Replace ivygen leaf cards with custom leaves
Can't delete group instance?
How can i open a file select dialog via python to add an image sequence into VSE?
Multiple problems: rotating, rigging
Cutscenes Blender Game Engine (BGE)
Rendering a pixelated image
How to change the amount of zoom from the scroll wheel while viewing through the camera?
Game animation from other video file into blender animation (adding to the existing video file)
Adding Imprints On Objects
Special Builds With Blender
what are blender specialties?
Movie Clip On Plane
My Blender rendered pictures are pixelated
Texturing a tree
Mix Shader Difference?
Is there a low level alternative for bpy.ops.object.convert()?
How does Blender process optional arguments to MTL texture maps?
Keeping emitted particles with emitter animation
Deleting face leaves 'hole' where it shouldn't
How to recalculate transform and rotation from origin?
What is the low level alternative for bpy.ops.object.material_slot_add()?
Normal map creation
Locking translation axis for multiple objects
Rounding off a single corner of a cube
Animate UV maps in Image Editor
tread tire in snow + animation
Python scripting: how to select next vertex in mesh
Reverse pose bone inherit scale via python
problems with appending a node group
Why is a piece of this mesh stuck in pose mode?
Cycles bake inverts a polygon on a normal map. A strange shadows with the normal map
Issue with running blender player over ssh
Text setting only when active
Compositor: make the glare node effect only certain objects
How to scale a UV Image Texture?
Object appears in camera?
Disallow objects to be rendered from specific cameras during playtime
transparency texture problem with particle system (shows wireframe)
how to set the color on object by program
Blender is running terribly!
BGE: "Record Animation" for just one object
Stretch heightmap over whole plane
Why are the size and shape are different in edit and object mode?
How can I make multiple meshes into a single hollow mesh?
Boolean on cycles rays, not on mesh
Bones change rotation to first frame of last animation
Audio doesn't time correctly
Any idea how to get the location and bounds of object in the image?
How to get one end of a path to fade out using Material node?
Fluid Simulation: Inflow is stretching to the edge of domain when baked
How to draw a PostGIS Polygon with holes into Blender using Python
Absolute Value in BGE
How can I make springs stretch and squeeze, depending on the cube movements?
snap to edge/vertex when scaling?
Why is my blender file now not rendering the current frame
How to fix when riggin the surface is not smooth?
car drives in direction of already defined path, how can I control this path using usual controls
Showing X3D color per face?
Subsurf modifier creating lighter scene
Editing Text Geometry Without Converting To Mesh
Transparent textures that allow light to shine through
Inverse kinematics bone doesn't stick to its source
The bar at the very bottom of the screen has gone away?
Action For Empty Object Appears Not to Play in Game Logic Layout, DOES Play In Default Layout
How do I make the upholstry of a vehicle panel looked puckered by a door handle?
How to match material properties to physical reality?
How to achieve higher BGE frametime?
FPS causes logic malfunction?
Textures go missing when I set new scene
Query on OpenCL 2.0 support
Does anyone know how to successfully pack linked objects (not just textures) into a single .blend file?
How to add images from selected folder via Python
Objects in the middle of plane on hair particle system
Joining mirrored object causes half of it to disappear
Is this Smart UV Unwrap good topology?
how do I get ATI Radeon HD 5800 Series graphics to work with blender?
How to make a cycled cloth simulation?
Time remapping of a single action
Fireflies / noise on glossy material
Delete the cycle animation modifier from several objects
Join overlapping objects/meshes into one surface in Blender
How difficult would it be to implement on-the-same-track transition?
Render light hitting an object, but not the object itself
Text game properties and dynamic text
Light pass the wall
blender reports non existant tris
How do I offset the start of a cloth simulation?
Why can't I export my rigs?
Are OBJ files exported from Blender different?
Why does my animation render in black?
Change spacing when using ctrl to move specific amount of units
Is Blender right for me? - A photographer creating 3d renderings
How to render video in H.265 HEVC?
Character Rigging in Blender for Unreal Engine
How to generate a mesh based on MakeHuman model
Flat vs smooth shading in photo-realism and glossy shaders
How can I get the vector for the force that is applied to an object in the BGE?
Speed-up animation render which uses a movie texture
What causes this tearing and how to repair/avoid it?
Does anyone know a free render farm that allows drivers?
Workflow Question: How to get from a 3D scan to Aurasma Augmented Reality
Can I delete these past version folders in my user App data
How to animate Texture change in Blender Internal
How to snap two meshes across similar geometry
Blender 3D 2.75a Beveling Tool Issue
How to create a mesh from metaballs which will always work with a Boolean modifier?
How do I remove part of my object?
Navigate through an animation with a single key
How do I Fill a Subdivided / Smoothed Barrel's cutout With 2 Sided Right Angle Face?
Getting separate body parts from a Makehuman object file
Box Select Error: Active Object is Not a Selected Mesh
How to compute image coordinates from projection matrix?
Disabling "use frame rate" slows logic/animation/etc?
UV will NOT unwrap
Cannot render animation? Panel issues?
Texture Paint not working right?
How to unwrap grid-topology mesh without stretches?
Blend4Web loading screen
Build color ramp out of math nodes?
Problem exporting blender model to substance painter, Marmoset and sketchfab
Can't get the right camera settings that match the scene
Cutting a triangular pyramid at precise z coordinates
Set fixed render time
How do I prevent losing contrast when compositing semi-transparent images?
When I want to move my model It doesnt go smooth
How to assign an image to Image Node by its name
How can I get the Hair selected hair strands?
How to add images by suffixes to Image Nodes only from the latest import
particle modifier with emission
How can I make it so that objects only move with widget / text entry?
Texture paint - lags
What would be the easiest way to UV map a complex object?
Blender Game Engine - Mouse Click Location
Find commands by name
Blender only renders black frames
How to delete all animation from an appended file?
I Want to Access Walk Mode in Texture Paint Mode With Shift + F
White background for animation
How to introspectively modify nodes from Python
Grouping in an empty object
How can I use cell fracture to a limited section of the mesh?
Move forward in orthographic view?
How to change stretchiness of liquid?
Messed up Armature Deformation
Where does End Clip Distance start on Orthographic view?
Importing textured psd into blender not showing correct colors in blender
Texture Paint and UV map on render cycles disappears after restart blender
How to animate material transitions (switching mesh object materials in animation)?
How to import uv animation from blender to unity?
Is it possible to reload an image directly in the 3d view?
Is it possible to create a script or shortcut for the UV-editor "save as image" in 3d view?
Modeling a 3 Blade Boat Propeller
Merging UVs and textures
Any way to move two symmetrical edges / vertices / faces in opposite directions?
How can i zoom in really close to a model without this 'xray' effect?
Object does not show when pasted into scene
Armature X-axis mirror not weighting correctly
How to change the grid's length values?
Problem with scaling uv's to tile textures at the right size
How to Construct a Diamond or Other Gemstone Material in Cycles
How to configure 4 point lights to generate different shadows
Armature not affecting mesh
Normal map baking does not reflect details
Set up tracking scene makes my environment texture go black. Wha?
How to get the active vertex within a Handler?
Blender 2.75 to 2.76 When adding an object I can't find the tool menu now!? Add (Vertices / Depth etc)
Is there a way to save preferences for import/exporters?
Rigging A Character With Boolean Modifier And SubSurf?
Bone Falloff not working?
delete bone constraint in python
Extrude a mesh by Region using Python script
Access Mapping node with python
Cycles Gradient Texture node: Why "Linear" is not linear on a "default" plane?
Update 3d model through blender
Is there a 32-bit version of 2.76?
Copy node tree from one material to another in cycles using python
Catching a wide range of scene events using scripting
How do I texture a tree in Blender?
See Through Render Layer
how to make forest with different types of trees
Mask an Image Using Freestyle Lines
Rigging: yaw + pitch problem
Unnecessary stuff in animation
Why is my Shadow Catcher layer shadow-pass entirely black?
Bulk renaming armature bones after already creating them?
How do i change the collision box position?
actions and layers in bge
What's wrong with this model and rig? (It became super deformed.)
What are the light blue lines on my imported objects
property timer value
Softbody simulation on a character
Is there any manipulator Shortcut?
Importing Mixamo's FBX in Blender
Reading and set the material content of a .blend
Automatic texture atlas with separated object UVs
How can I animate an edge loop?
Importing a SVG file creates too many faces
How do I align my grid to background footage?
how do you merge two bones into one?
Face Selection Masking for Painting overlaped by the texture
Transparent faces in Edit Mode
How can I tell what mesh selection mode blender is in
Rotating UV with precision
Rigging /My character is breaked/
Is there an easy way to create a corner from disconnected edges?
Removing item from bpy.app.driver_namespace
Is there a way of letting hair particles "grow"?
How do I alter keyframes for a new framerate?
Axis problem between a parent - child relationship
Vector Blur Node not blurring
Cycles render is different when rendering with GPU
How do I set third person controls in bge?
Branching Bezier Curves
How to find and focus an existing node?
Movie editing: low FPS on preview
Get texture image dpi
Perfect Machine for blender
rigid body on windscreen of a car
Can I display the image from a camera on a plane in the same scene?
How can I achieve this "security camera" effect?
Object falls though other objects even when given the same physics
Auto-merge is causing all vertices to snap to same distant vertex
Every time I touch an object a full-render starts
Transitioning from Walk Cycle
I would like to copy object shape and apply it to another object
apply cloth with different body
Particles stick to side faces
I can't get my model to stand up straight in pose mode
Hide/Show specific object groups only
Script to add rigid body to object in scene?
Is it possible to create many random people faster than creating each one of them solely?
How to set a random value for multiple shape keys?
UV mapping - Comes in reverse and then mis-wraps to other parts of the bottle
Connecting faces
How do i cut a hole into a mesh?
How can I create a twisted pole?
Have it so animation has transparent background to overlay stuff in video editor (transparency)
Getting errors when trying to use the online material library add on
How to add a background behind a video?
Wrong 3D Cursor - Far away from the scene
How to replace an orphaned external file by an existing one? (all instances)
How to apply material selectively on a single object for a downloaded 3d model
How can I invert the areas covered by my diffuse pattern?
How can i import the world nodes to another .blend file?
Blender is running too slow
How to set a random value for only visible shape keys?
Is there anyway to match a sun lamp to the direction of the sun in an environment map?
Strange seams while rendering glass object
Is it possible to auto generate and superimpose Frame# over images imported into video edit?
Error: Object has no mesh data to be used for ray casting
Strange white faces only visible in weight paint? Invisible when ported into UE4
Removing details
Blender Cycles Render vs baking
Add prefix to filename on "Save Blender File"
VSE/Compositor - Something similar to Turbulence Displacement effect in After Effects
Is there a way to have a mesh extrude or retract itself during an animation while rigging with bones?
F-curves ignore custom "transform orientation"
Rigging - pose mode is squanched up
Mastering Blender Chapter 2 Smokestack Activity
Adding mix shaders and glossy shaders
Cloth animation export Unity Stutter
creating a mesh similar to the image:
Scale face by units rather than percent
Conditional To Perform Alternate Task
Creating a textured Mesh for 3D printing
Smooth rendering
Cycles Node maps to image
Blender shape keys aren't animating properly
round sloped-flat Ceiling appears flat when rendering
A single object appears black
How to Punch a Hole in a Plane
Will there ever be support for audio speed control?
How can I create a crashing wave effect?
Fixing mirrored bones rotation.
Why does bpy.ops.object.convert(target='MESH') have an error?
Rule Of Halves Buttons
Can you use a character for animation and 3d printing?
I need help with Clone(FClone) Brush
Is it possible to program materials with Python
Running a blender script on linux hosting
Enemy AI Reacts To Player
Why are instances of duplicated groups linked
Modal Operator that is mapped to a value
Why is the gold color code not used for Gold Materials
What are these strange shades in the BGE?
Cycles material node set-up for diffuse, specular, reflection/refraction, normal and illumination/emission map
How can I remove part of a mesh without distorting a rigged character?
Whats the best way to make an operator tooltip depend on a Blender version?
Is this example of expressions correct?
How to have rigid-bodies and charge fields interact?
How to add a face between two faces that connects them?
UV line-up problem
Boolean difference modifier misbehaves with fluid sim
Binding the vertices of one object to the vertices of another object?
Bringing extruded plane to one level
How to render part of an image at a higher amount of samples
"Group" animated objects
Why Are My Objects Invisble?
How to get client script to run before rendering on Network Render
Place a node over wires without it auto-connecting
Re-mirror weights for whole character
Use Console Entries to Drive Class Presets
How to make a conditional that uses existing modifier value if present and adds one if not present
Bump and color data in a single brush?
How do I create a 10-sided die as one object?
Does anyone know how to export a Sims 4 character into mmd?
How do I Start in the GameEngine or Blender?
BGE. How do I make the plane stop the ball
Sine wave function as an input value?
Horizontal particle gravity
How to combine images using Python
Mixing colours to create a gold shader
What settings will preserve quality when I output an edited .mp4 for Youtube upload?
Layer Weight vs Geometry Node setup
Piston Flipping Backwards When Rotated
Simple cycles texture node on a plane
How to save unused data (materials, images, meshes... etc)
Why are sky textures not showing up?
Controlling scalp hair for braid effects?
Animations ruined after exporting?
"Adaptive Skin" in Blender
MakeHuman "MHX FK/IK switch" missing
What do glossy distribution models do?
Emitting Light from Object
Freestyle - unwanted gaps
Alpha Over node doesn't work correctly?
Full Video Not Rendering
Why is the color white darkened through glass?
Create refocus effect for a image?
Problems with the video rendering time
How to make an army-style march with particles following landscape?
Cracks in texture
Why I don't have Undo History in Sculpt Mode?
Prevent World texture from reflecting on an object
Can I import an image file so it can be used in grease pencil?
Pin/Parent Vertex of OBJ1 to Vertex of OBJ2
How to disable/enable multiple shapekeys visibility?
Use the Shrinkwrap modifier to form a skin over a collection of objects
Is there a shortcut to undo a viewport move?
Forcing Blender to measure ONLY in inches (not feet)
Why does my terrain warp when I unwrap?
Use custom properties (variable values) in the node editor
RuntimeError: internal error setting the array
How to get rid of the bonds between bones?
I can not have environmental map and volume lighting at the same time?
Label not showing up as transparent... or showing at all
Has the "Use Alpa" option for textures been changed?
Replace Image option is blank?
Cycles not rendering with background image
Normal bake randomly doesn't bake some faces
blender camera from 3x4 matrix
UV Project Modifier in Cycles has no effect. What am I doing wrong?
Blender 2.76 - Stop adding underscores?
Blender Game Engine FPS slows down when encounters a specific object
Combine F-Curve Modifiers with baked Sound
Snap UV vertex to a vertex belonging to a different object
Open GL Render. Anti-aliasing differences
Is there a hotkey modifier for G that sets rather than moves the coordinate?
Can't see any indication in the 3D view , when changing mesh properties from python console
Export/list out object information as text format
Object not casting shadows on itself
display in viewport without modal operation
Normal map baking - All clean blue (no color variation)
Array Shrink Wrap Curve
How can multiple people work on the same file?
Coloring a textured path to a plane?
Spot light shows dimly through solid plane
post processing edge
2.76 - How to use ATI/AMD GPU without Linux proprietary driver?
Can't use "Selection Popup Menu" Alt + Right Click (v2.76)
Cloth particles: Seeking workflow
Indented letters? (embossed)
how to fix the problem i blender when it cannot assign weights
Change Unit/Increment Sizes
How can I get the projection matrix of a panoramic camera with a fisheye equisolid lens?
Select inner edge of solidified mesh
Scaling only the height of a parallelogram plane
How do I get blender to work on OSX El Capitan?
Enter UV coordinates position
How would I reconstruct the floor from a still shot?
UV unwrapping, texture only appears on 5 sides of cube
How to convert Quaternions keyframes to Euler ones in several Actions?
Where's the textures folder?
Image texture not showing on object
Blender in game volume control?
Recreate BI's Edge in compositor?
Why can my NLA strip only be 10 000 frames long?
Blender 2.76 file browser slow
duplicated object when rendering
shadow not rendering
Retopology - Snap With Subsurf?
Are the color swatches in Blender linearized?
Map a procedural texture like an image texture
How can I get an entire 2D Bezier Curve Object to accurately curve over a bezier curve modifier?
Unwrapping a brick / rough rectangle object on marked seams?
Blender 2.71 parenting objects transforms objects
blender only scales 1 block
Animate a pin pushed out of a wall
How to register keymaps for all editor types?
Rendering ruins the scene with drastic object displacement and stretching
Why is my Render Image output correct but my Render Animation output is incorrect?
Lightmap Pack: Vertices highlighted in bright red
Is it possible to create that borderlands edge outline look on a transparent object? In BGE?
Delimit loop subdivide
Printing special characters and latex using python script for geometrical diagram labeling
union modifier deletes part of object
Possible to control a Driver from a Group Node input slider?
Access to object location from previous frame in cycles
How to cut a plane
subdivision surface sharp edges problem edge loops and creases don't work
Cloth repels and glitches through object
Model turns Brown instead of a Texture
Backface culling as a mesh property
Rendering a composite: different behavior of a script on command line and in UI
How to create and change the color of a Node based material with a script
How to avoid subsurf distortions on cylindrical objects?
H.264 exported video stutters in windows media player & won't load in Premier editor
Mechanical ribcage having variable number of ribs and derived heights
Rigging an Umbrella and Weight Paint
Missing Wrap Option in 2.76
How to unwrap previously textured .obj in Blender?
Cycles on AMD takes abnormally long time to render
How to pass variables in the game engine to a newly loaded .blend?
Smooth edge loops
Fluid sim problem: fluid growing in volume
Change scale of objects in array without affecting distance
Normals of mesh are super small like a dot, what could have possibly gone wrong?
Group Node Socket Type
Corrupt faces when extruding cylinder
Alternative to redraw_timer()
Sculpting and keeping an image visible
How Do I Mirror Knife Tool?
How do I export an outline of my UV map so that I can paint a texture in an external editor?
Can't export to .wrl after I have changed the pose.
Blender Game Engine - Load Scene Similar To Linked
Header flip/RMB
Fire not showing up in render
Is there a node that changes value based on ray brightness?
Render ONLY the Alpha Channel
Make vertex paint affect mesh texture greyscale
Rigging a robotic arm
Rigid body falling through conveyer belt
Redo command doesn't work
Change color of texture with vertex paint
How do I close a view Window?
Twisted mesh when parenting with automatic weights
MixRGB nodes don't add up Value as I expected. What knowledge am I missing?
I have to double every command? (V 2.76)
How to do seperate render passes in blender?
Cython "ERROR: '_bmo_elem_flag_test' declared as an 'inline' variable"
How to set random X Y Location from script?
No inflow from one of two sources
Illumination without HDRI (cycles)
Why isn't my script inverting all poses from all keyframes?
Forest by particle system and Tree addon?
How to apply Cycles modifier in Graph Editor?
Sculpt mode and number of polygons
Game Asset Workflow and Software Pipeline
Removing creases with sub divison
Setup for a wine bottle with multiple labels
Landscape tool options
Setting all default_values of nodes to 0 does not result in expected black output
What is the Blender equivalent of snapping a vacuum cleaner's attachment onto the main hose?
Texture color with vertex paints
Dynamic Paint with object material in cycles
Is it possible for a single object to have more than one mesh?
How do you make two planes look as one surface?
How to assign colors to Point Density based on data values?
how to transfer hair as .obj file
Issues with Sixaxis controller in BGE
Whenever i try to render my video its just all white?
How can I make a procedural polished granite material?
Editing a mesh in proportional mode from script
Export 3D model from blender to .cad
How to create a ribbon and attach it to a balloon
How to intersect two planes?
Fluid running into invisible wall
Why Am I Getting This Stretching On My Texture?
Export stereo camera .chan
How can i fully remove fire flies?
How are bpy.data.node_groups linked to the node_tree?
copy the size and scale a texture is mapped by, from one object to another
Show/Hide an Input Field based on a conditional when making an Addon
How do I open JSON files using the Text Editor
palette not shown in texture paint mode
Blender 2.7 Basic Vertex question
How does Blender Autodetect Texture Culture?
Rig perpendicular armature movement along vertical axis
Why does Blender use the previous keyframe properties when trying to insert a new keyframe?
How to add linked groups symmetrically around an object
How to have different fluid simulations going at the same time?
What is simplest way to join particles into a single mesh and modify during animation?
Collada Import in 2.76
Blender Cycles normal map difficulty
How to delete all faces with distance to other object
How to shift layers 4 layers ahead
Texture mapping problem on a cone
Python: empty cache before rendering?
How to make a sun in Blender?
Cycles volumetrics: artifacts on edges
How do I make my camera render more of the scene?
Baking two textures into one
Horizontal lines showing in volume scatter shader
How can I make a hexagonal grill?
3D cropping / 3D selection of a scene
How do I stop extruded objects from overlapping
How do I link two mirrored sides?
Relative image files not found. Background render. No error, just magenta textures
Is it possible to build blender scripts in external editor like Atom
How To Make A Basic Palm Tree
Creating a hill out of a plane
On the physics tab when I switch to fire from smoke, and click back on domain it switches back to smoke?
Is it possible to export specific components of a .blend file?
IK - can you prioritise position targeting over rotation?
Cycles Image as Plane: How to improve the quality of Image? Sampling rate?
Mangled UV unwrapp
Why I don't have motion blur in hair? (Cycles)
Deforming a maze mesh into a hole
Invoke a .py script with a button on the tools panel
Triangulating 3D Text
Blender scene freezes between different steps of execution
How to render separately multiple objects on the same scene, without using multiple render layers?
How to solidify a complex 2D Render from Pix4D for 3D printing
how can i make a half cylinder?
Issues with cycle render using 3 GPUs - Possible problem with one of the cards?
Boolean and Texts
Problem in animating multiple materials of the same object
How do I add extra bones to rigify armature?
Can blender use the Alpha channel of an image as transparency on a plane?
How to change an unknown diameter of a hole to a specific size?
making angle label - spin vertices with python script
Everything is rendered black, when I set it to be a gradient
Bevel a Procedural Texture?
how to import previous settings in 2.76b?
Locking planes together and animating them separately with shape keys
Mesh auto unhide when select another object
Rendering appears all grainy and dark after using Diffuse BSDF
Move mesh to exact location with extra precision
Hand model keeps bending finger when wrist is rotated
Material not displaying as expected
Objects change position in a frame but their infos about location don't change
Are Skeletal Primitives and Convolution Surface present in Blender?
Pack external data did not work?
How to change the edge loop direction?
How to get rid of artifacts in corners - Bevel Object
Are keyframes in local or world space?
Black rendered images with Cycler and Blender Render
Roll bone hotkey?
Gradient color in blender
Absolutely no light showing...totally at a loss
What is the technical difference between conformal and angle-based unwrapping?
Organic texturing tips
How do I reset my keyboard Shortcuts?
Unwrapping gone wrong
Updating to latest Blender version
Is there a way to export the color palette (paint mode)?
Color not showing up in cycles, same nodes, two different objects
How to generate points from an SVG
How do I straighten UV maps?
Weird artifacts in my UV mapped texture
Make a 3D tube curve that is flatter/ovalized along it's tangent
How to set cursor position in the text editor?
Shadow only plane isn't working. Keeps sending me the ground as being pitch black, and I have compared it to a working file
Editing group node sockets, with no external input?
Best way to make a transformer with a car, so use the shape keys or use the armature for parenting?
best way to add a glowing material
How to identify invisible faces?
Parent for trackers with python script
How to adjust light's strength in LuxRender?
How to follow a trajectory with rigify?
please help me with a Hud bug i think
Blender keeps flashing not responding
Bones make objects scale and shrink
What does the "Absolute" setting in the Math node do?
How can I translate & rotate an object to match a pair of xyz coordinates?
How can I bisect a sphere twice
Compositor won't load image!
How to get monitor resolution from Python API?
World background image issue
Tracking in video: Offset an entire track?
Fluid simulation no longer works
How to choose 1 vertex, change its coordinates, and have its mesh move along intact with it?
Merging multiple uv maps with textures into one
Baked normal map from high poly bad corners
What happens when you plug a BSDF into a value socket?
How to properly import Image as Plane with Alpha Channel in Cycles?
How to select all keyframes from left or right having current frame as pivot?
How can I print only keyframes from code below?
Pixels in Cycles render
GPU and missing kernel...32b works but not 64b
Multiple colors per vertex
How change object attributes in game
Part of the Mesh goes missing
How Can I Unjoin Meshes?
Animate turrets Shooting
Is there a way to delete specific parts of a baked fluid simulation?
How can I make an object hold a position while following a path?
How can i add a text help window and a help button into the 3D View?
Duplicating Vertex Groups
How to set distance of Freestyle line rendering?
How to get to face select mode in Blender?
How can I activate an actuator if A is false and B is true?
Seamless looping ocean?
Blender's Nearest Equivalent to Cinema 4D's Collision Deformer?
Camera Clipping through Mesh Plane Causes Visible Clipping in Render
Switching render engine in a script without using .context.scene
How to keep one object on certain view mode?
Delete "doubles" on different object
How to make rig that reacts to gravity or seem to behave physically correct?
Rigging and bone orientation
Mixed textures in blender shifted off, any idea how to solve it?
How to invoke the mirror modifier object eyedropper command with python?
FreeStyle won't appear in Blender Render, pictures below?
How to resize an ellipse into a circle (or a rectangle into a square)?
Making a Desert Sun
Change the position of an Icon
How to access projected 3d tracks of the camera solver?
run a text block from command line
Error when I try to check off POV-Ray 3.7 in Add-ons
Cycles: Trying to bake all materials to one image, but it creates an image for each material?
Missing Shadows
Install Python module for Blender
Advanced Bullet Trail in Cycles
Why does my cycles preview cause my PC to freeze
How can I get rid of these artifacts in blender internal render?
Reversing a 3d model
Alpha channel is white, not transparent, in Texture mode
When I bake a specular map out from Blender they always contain the glossy colors?
Blender Game engine Animation Not playing
Car modeling technique
Why is Blender still rendering the old image after the .blend file has been changed
Automatic select vertices by given coordinates
Blender function to transform a selected edge along a custom axis
Baked Texture Map Is Blurry
Change the Description of a value of a node
How To Make a Radial Gradient Sky in Blender Internal?
How to rotate a bone
Any help with that material?
Why can I make clothes in Blender that in MakeHuman don't fit in?
Asymmetrical basketball
Transition with walk cycle
shader nodes to make a realistic looking Amethyst
Painting several layers at once
Engrave Text onto an irregular surface
Hair particles trouble when animating
HELP: Mesh Gaps & Bone Properties
What's the point of mixing the same shader types?
Difference between variable and property scope in a script
Can't save blended file? Unable to pack file source path?
adding a transparent label on material
Error attempting to import image as plane in blender internal
Get rotation of object without decimals?
Environment texture having very low resolution in reflections
Pitchipoy Eye Rig Issue
Exporting Parts of mesh
Particles unaffected by force fields
Rotate a cube to make it stand on one of its corners
Other programs support .blend
Suppresing render console output
Broken Meshes error in meshes.faces
Video Sequence Editor Alpha Over png transparency speed control effect
Create hi-res screenshot of node tree?
Is there a way to select edges marked as sharp via python?
Rotating/translating the motion path itself
Blender basic , selecting and merge objects
2 objects use the same mesh; how to separate?
Is there a way to restrict blender renders to a predetermined 256-color palette?
Loading Image and Applying it to Image Texture Node
How can I easily model an extruded organic shape?
Curving an existing flat plane
MakeHuman is destorting my MakeClothes clothing (Blender)
How do you hide parts of a sculpted mesh while "Textured Solid" is checked?
No Option for Smooth/Flat Shading
I'm trying to get sIBL to work, but it won't install the .py addon for it
How to bevel selected edges
How to configure which Blender version opens when clicking on a .blend file?
Audio Visualization with Background Image
I am having problems with a particular corner on a car I'm modeling
Tweening an object's world orientation
How do I find the controls after adding in an object?
Rotate object in python in BGE?
How to deactivate a UI element in an add-on?
how to separate one object into different parts?
Pivot point changes location between Edit and Object mode
Unable to make holes using boolean modifier
Hotkey for toggling between vertex/edge/face select modes in Edit Mode?
Can Freestyle draw lines when an object is behind a transparent plane?
Painting texture model lag
Blender 2.76 AO bake partial black spots
"Record" doesn't create keyframes
How to model this car hood?
59 minute video, 85000 frames: render speed: 30 frames per minute, Estimated time: 48 hours. Are my settings correct?
How can I solve this problem, while baking a high poly to a low poly one?
Change the type of my script from Module to Script
How to achieve dramatic composition with low poly models?
objects not showing up in outliner
Cutting Diagonal Lines
User defined initial velocity for smoke simulation
Accessing image texture connected to Cycles material Diffuse BSDF
how can i fill these boundaries by quad topology?
Problem with Vertex Coordinates
Vertices not Showing up on Object
Everything rendered in black except sky background in cycles
How to see texture with a "node viewer" using node wrangler addon
how to create a pine cone
Accessing image texture uv channel connected to Cycles material Image Texture
Efficient method of inserting an image into the horizon of handheld footage
Can't make circle of objects using array modifier
Bake the AO to add Grunge
Why does the math node change the noise texture's color output to B/W?
Ist there any easy way to link smoke simulations?
How to make pixelated censor effect?
Variable representing object's rotation minus another object's rotation not working?
Can you use 1 python script for multiple GE scenes?
Game engine's tic delay in python - how to do?
Automatic Node Distribution and Alignment
Unable to get holes in centre of object
How can I change the snapping?
How to find an object's locational displacement in Blender using Python?
What's the order of constraint evaluation among multiple objects?
Problem with two displace (bottom of the sea and continents)
billboard not rendered
How to make 3D model fully distributable
How do I change actions in python
How to activate another addon and have it stay when default blend is called on new file command
'No Layers in Render Result' issue. Missing layers window in UV Editor
Show plane texture while in weight paint mode
How can I "un-merge" faces from a continuous mesh?
How to apply Custom Transform Orientation as a Local Transform
select python code from info view
CUDA Binary kernel 5.2 error. Fresh Install 2.6
Is there a way to make a vertical grid show on final image rendered?
Float object is not iterable
UV map doesn't work correctly
after clicking on add paint slot, Blender still reports missing texture slots
How can I parent a rig to another rig?
Trying to join curve and plane together, but boolean won't work
Why won't smoke appear?
Can I render each layer with transparent background?
Emission Object is in front of every other object
How to scale an animation in blender
How to convert result created with dupliverts into editable meshes?
How to determine visible faces?
define the prop of a driver with a script?
UV unwrap a flat object, using scripting
How to remotely run a Python script in an existing Blender instance?
How to join different objects (different modifiers)
Clear saved filepath
Shoulder deformations
Blender Bevel Object scale issues corners
How can i let my rigid body simulations continue for longer?
Strange granulated black triangles after texturing
Resuming rendering image sequence after blender crash
Scripting Reverse Boolean
How do I bake a transparent shadow texture using Cycles bake?
Optimal emission strength for lightbulb
Check how many trackers are selected
UV render pass non-linearity
Loading Icons Into Custom Addon
What is needed to load/reload an addon during development?
Motion Tracking video tips
Cubic character armature deform
Render semi-transparent volume with cycles
How can i make Blender export multiple meshes with PLY/STL format for printing in 3D?
Extrude with Proportional Editing
Is the Mtl file required with the Obj?
Simplest way to drive a pose bone's global location
The blender won't start up
Easy way to snap then merge a piece at the end of an array
Copy Rotation Bone Constraint not Smooth
Linear gradient wrong
How to create a new camera that matches the active 3d-view, can it be done?
Glass shader appears black when touching another object
Making a Voronoi Texture affect where an image texture is placed on a model?
How to change colors
Background Images not showing up!
Objects behind glass appear too dark
Realistic aerodynamic simulation in Blender
How can I make animation with 1 camera and 2 nurbspath in blender?
Magnetic field direction
Where to find fast DOF shader in BGE?
How to get the Controllpoints of the *hull* of a Bezier Curve?
UV unwrapping basketball
Guidelines equivalent alternative in Blender?
Is there a way to save a baked cloth simulation (in .blend file or to disc)?
How can i use the displace modifier for the whole mesh and not only part of it?
Camera angle for 50% height hex grid
mesh is distorted due to armature
How to get a group of many rigid bodies to start simulation at a set frame
How to make a cylinder cap concave?
Lamp is not illuminating
If "bpy" in locals(): evals to True on first run
Picking two points on the 3d model surface to measure distances
How does Blender figure out the normal of a face?
How to step-select vertices to side?
How to fix non-uniform shading after making object from curve by screw modifier?
How can I lay down an object on a plane?
Video is exported reduced in size
pitchipoy IKFK parameter not showing in dopesheet or fcurves
Objects disappear when adding boolean modifier
Weight painting a dot and not a gradient
Is it possible to make the remesh modifier block size constant?
Is there a way of snapping to edge or face in one direction?
Is there a way to make edges of a mesh invisible
error enabling .MHX mocap addon v 0.6 / 0.7
Why is my uv unwrap deformed?
Snap object to another one with a displace modifier
Is it possible to get a rigid body to bounce off cloth?
two gpu's, how to differentiate them in system settings pull down menu?
Where are my addons?
Chest Bone Moves Unwantedly With the Hip Bone
Is there a way to get a unique value per dupli group instance?
Is it possible to render specific projection, without a camera?
How to set the display device to None in a python script?
How to mix mesh and real footage in compositor?
How to draw a 2D bounding box of a 3D object
Vector Imported curves not moving on Z axis
Blending bone weights
how do I bevel the control point of a curve?
Exporting current frame from the Movie Clip Editor
Is there a way to assign a custom wireframe color for objects?
Saving/loading the location(x,y,z) of selected vertices
Is there a way to assign vertex groups to all loose elements via python
EMPTY OBJECT instead of a MESH
How to copy constraints from one bone to another?
Wrong texture unrwap when combining two textured objects with boolean union
Use armature from newer project in older project
How do I keep Blender from Freezing?
Can't do subtraction with Boolean modifier
Video Quality Loss after Rendering in VSE
How to add 2 organic meshes in Blender?
Reducing Rendering Time: Video Editing
Issue with Subdivide in 2.5
Quickly putting an object or set of objects on a bezier curve projected to a surface
Multiresolution subdivisions are creating curves down the middle of my model
Modeling curvy things with blender
Python function behaves differently in a loop?
Elegant way to animate a binary value?
The Node Editor won't work for the object selected
Can't weight paint certain parts of a mesh
Transparency is showing up white on UV mapping
How do I batch render the render layers that I have set up?
Unwrapped shapes overlap in editor
How can I move the whole leg in Pose Mode?
Rotate background procedural texture
How do I parent a mesh, transferring the vertex groups?
How can i get 'shining' borders to a material in Blender Render?
Dust on image, using alpha node on a mask
How to set up game engine publishing (cross-platform) addon?
Can you change the font in the Sequencer new Text Effect?
Why does my Mesh disapear when using Softbody physics?
Why doesn't my SkyTexture show up in the preview tab?
Make photo fade out to black in the middle of a circle
Images that I mapped to an object won't show up when I render the image
Uv Unwrap not working
BGE animations in python?
Python Script to extrude faces on a plane?
Is it possible to simulate a long exposure shot in Blender?
Is it possible to speed up/slow down the preview playback of an animation in the Timeline?
"Fade out" with Blender internal engine?
How to move a model with all the bones?
Curve Editor — Move 2 Handles the same time
Why do fireflies increase with number of samples when using a hdri light source?
Transform (Rotate) with 4x4 matrix via python
How do I select and change a text?
Play 3 sounds with aud and wait between them
How to do photogrammetry within Blender?
When I touch an object that I'm meant to pass through I spin randomly out of control
Blender Game Asset Creator Tutorial: 5.5 - Unwrapping The Cone
Looking for script that zoom in less on selected object
How to get "Correct uv" to work on popup menu
How to bend tube so it's ends fit given positions?
How to have an object exert a force all around it?
Have a ray create a force?
Uv map of appended object
Issue with a night sky rendering
Deleting vertices and edges
Select Quads and remove them
How to add windows in a workspace which has no handles?
Moving an object along two axes instead of one
Why is my rendered image back?
Unconstrained extrusion?
Why does my model enlarge when I add automatic weights?
creating equiangular HDRI of my own scene
Linked Objects, Drivers and Animation of custom Properties
Where is mesh debug to be found?
Moire Like Blinking when preview rendering problem
How to create many clips in the NLA editor
Multi layered image textures problem in Blender Cycles
Faster blur effect in Blender VSE
Why can't I export a curve to Collada?
transfer value (a.k.a score) in bge from scene to another in BGE
Different seeds on different render layers
Geometry-based material without UV or vertex paint
Animation Logic
New BGE mouse look actuator causing camera shake
How to handle distortion at the poles of a UV sphere?
Object being distorted when fixing lighting
Mouse picking algorithms in Blender
How are these Custom Node created?
Can I use cycles renderer for a game?
Creating a tileable mesh
Ctrl + J doesn't work
Blender render appears completely Gray
What does the "make screencast" button do?
How do I fix camera weird mapping quirk?
Why is this reflection incorect?
Semi-transparent lightning image rendering incorrectly
Object Constraint Jump
Smooth wood texture
Double each video frame within Blender VSE
Change default size of User Preferences pop up window
making extrude edges follow face normals
What is Animation Nodes addon used for?
bl_context multiple areas
One point tracking - Image in Render Layers is not showing on the movie
Problem at Selecting Points after Extruding
Alpha rendering with White background
how can i connect two armature bones at the root?
How to scale a group of objects the right way?
Sculpting models
Can I assign the vertices created by the solidify modifier to a new vertex group?
Reverse objects order in group
How can I create a parabolic trajectory between two 3d points
VSE: Shrink and overlay one video over another
Loop a video mask in the compositor?
Get driver values from a text file
Wrap text around a Circle without deforming it. (numbers on clock)
Selecting every vertex above a selection (In the Z-axis)
Question about the pamameters of Arcto in sverchok's "Profile Parametric Node"
HDRI? Sun Lamp? Or Emitter Objects?
automatically detects 3D view by selecting one face mesh
How to Offset a Particle cache in Time
How to model a Dome Tent?
rendered video tracking isn't the same as in 3D view
Making the buttonpress F6 into a scripted button
Why the texture on my model seems so 'blocky'?
Morphing between two mesh objects
Is there a fluid simulation update/re-write on the horizon?
What is causing sharp creases on subdivided model?
Pin curve points for sofbody
Raytraced transparency not showing other transparent materials beneath?
Wrap Geometry Around Mobius Strip
Is it possible to alternate between the two colors in the Brick Node without any in-between shades?
How can i properly rotate my object?
Blender compositing conflict
Python to switch visibility between multiple objects (game engine)
Add Properties Window
Setting specific FPS for video
Adding a 'distortion effect' to a model
Exporting Single Frame Animations to .FBX not working. (Blender v2.76b, Bin-Exporter v7.4)
how can I use both Color and Alpha for the ColorRamp
Make quad face from where two edges will meet?
When IK bone moved wrong part of mesh deforms
Transparent textured planes produce black artifacts
Making a shape key with a value that is the average of other shape keys
I can see preview but get a blank render
I cannot enable CUDA in blender even though I have nvidia graphics card installed?
Best lossless video output format for later conversions for web
Assign material to part of mesh
Array Along a Curve Without Deforming Mesh
Set origin for lamp and camera objects
How do I create a freeze-frame effect with video editing?
When I try to open a game exprted as runtime, my computer gives me an error
Wave deformities
wired shadow in transparent 3d rendered materials
Crashes after rendering with Compositor Node connected
How to map an image on a texture?
How can I make an object follow a path exactly
How to create the effect of a flaming/electric cyllinder
Why aliasing happens with higher emission strength?
Anti-aliasing options in the compositor (for Cycles)
How can I know the speed of an object inside a loop?
Snapping an unselected face to a different objects edge by moving vertices
Check if active object has a modifier
Create UV mapped texture within blender from multi-textured object
Making a shader that would "fill" an open mesh?
How to make the object follow another object's vertex
Not updating (loading) textures each frame in animation render
Cell Fracture not work
How to make a circular set of verticies square
Rescaling in the VSE yields low resloution, blurry images
Change shape to circle
Object not rendering again
Why is this UV map going horribly wrong?
Mirrored Object Not being Mirrored
Set origin to bottom center of multiple objects
Electromagnetism Simulation
How can I export FBX with physics?
Weird Bubble on my mesh
How can I combine multiple displace modifiers?
Lattice object / modifier will not bend
whenever smooth vertex is pressed it breaks up mirrored objects
How to UV unwrap multiple animated objects at once
Automating mapping graphics onto object
Armature's Not Fully Connected to Mesh?
Modelling a spiral around a sphere
Realistic Aluminum Material In Cycles?
Is there a way to use quick explode on a plane object and make it look good?
Center (snap) hole in object
Rolling cube animation. How to?
Splitting an objects data_path into hierachal list
Rendering to Google Drive?
How can I create this type of lighting effect in Blender Cycles?
Match the size of multiple background images
How to animate slices through geometry with a different interior and skin? (e.g. like slicing a watermelon)
How to unwrap UV for each non-adjacent selected faces?
3 Prong navigater stays put no matter what object selected
Joining objects that have displacement modifiers
How to modify width of "wire" material type
Vertex relative distance locking
Import .mhx and export .stl on blender
Pixelated paint strokes on transparent Blender-created texture
Need emission to NOT cast shadows
Why does exporting FBX to Unity mess up my UVs
How to select (command A) an object in the scene
How to delay execution of execute() function in an Addon?
Adding a conical bevel/fillet to a mesh?
How to make an object bulk when it folds after rigging
how to create metric map and metric buildings/vehicles/etc in blender?
UV Texture Font
Packing multiple objects for 3D Printing
How to output ID masks as seperate files for compositing?
Beveling compound curves
BGE - how to keep child off, and pose for armature?
Mirror modifier without mirror object
Generate random ellipsoids
Black nontransparent glass (Cycles)
Bevelled Edge Shading
Play Rendered Animation is all gray
shortcut to show a single channel (solo mode) in the graph editor ?
How to change curve type?
How to use mirror ball to light a scene?
Background image not displaying
Making a reflection on a glossy object based on each frame of the video
object animation / keyframe moving wrong object?
Shadeless option missing in cycles
Textures not showing after Collada Export
How do I remove dark areas from my mesh?
UV image 'path not writable'
Unable to stack object onto another with face snapping
Blender bug with metric units
How to view objects with a subsurf modifier more simply?
Get filepath of appended object
Was the knife cut tool changed?
What is the differance between "Texture View" and "Material View" in BGE or BI?
Quickly Copy UV's from one face to another
Light from smoke simulator doesn't travel outside domain
How to get hard edges when using subsurf modifier?
Easier way to remove particles textures from ripped model?
Best video format to use for multiple resavings
Cycles render won't render one object
Can an animation sequence be muted?
Can I change the size of the camera view?
Controlling animation speed for different elements
How to import data for fluid simulation?
Will Blender update OSL specification from 1.5.1 to 1.6?
Why are my PitchiPoy Knee and Elbow Directions wrong?
Scaling a rectangular shape
Baking problems with joined object
Repairing bad areas in mesh
Stereoscopic SBS is anaglyphic
How is the force necessary to counter gravity calculated in Blender?
Import 3D XML in Blender or convert it with another tool
RADIAL Colorramp gradient texture
Generate Several thousand duplicates of an object, layed out in a sphere
Reset nodes to their default values
Importing motion capture data to Blender rig
What is the difference between Visual Keyframes and Baking Animations
Working in 3D stereo in the 3D view - hardware requirements?
How to add palm leaves to animated sapling tree
Is it possible to set bpy.data.filepath without saving the file?
What's the usage of "Set/Get property" nodes in sverchok
Specify camera area of interest
How to animate the visibility of a constraint?
One single texture turns out black
Using higher subsurface modifier values
How can I get better results when doing camera motion tracking?
How can I convert the locations of a group of objects into the vertices of an object?
How does the color ramp work in Cycles?
Track object position during an animation using python script
Audio Source and Blender Capabilities
combine targetless IK chain with copy rotation constraints
How can I turn a photo into individual mesh objects
How can I copy a specific F-Curve from active to several objects?
Blender fullscreen OS X El Capitan
Object colours disappear when I turn on 'Texture Solid'
Tie an animated tail flap to Z position change
mesh breaking apart and recombining to form another mesh?
How can I bypass a node?
Decimating Minecraft Leaves to Reduce Poly Count?
Sections of 'Glass' object show black when in front of PNG
How to render smooth alpha transistion between two objects?
How can I have a property represent how far away an object is from another?
Extrude as individuals?
Duplicate child wihout parenting
Hair renders from regions outside vertex group
Issue displaying geometry in edit mode
Is there a way to select the children of a parent object?
Accidentally made 3D viewport take up entire screen
is there have any way to use a Virtual numpad?
Default size for empty
Scritping: rename while using bpy.ops.mesh.separate(type='MATERIAL')
Border Select keyframes in Action Editor
Blender for dental treatment planning?
How can I set a Shape Key value to be a driver's variable?
BGE - remember position after action
Light field plugin - array of renderings?
Fire Adaptive Domain rendering like a solid cube
Blender particle computations don't get updated
Minimum number of samples for the Branched Path Tracing
Moving one object causes other to move another (already tried unlinking)
Is there a way to make baking sound to F-curves more accurate?
Where is Subdivide fractal?
How can I inc/dec diffuse_color or specular intensity values of selected object's materials simultaneously?
Can I render without the camera?
Want to add particle systems to areas of object intersection
What are these black axes lines on my model?
List of bones to file, is it possible?
Modeling question, tiki torch.
Create a plane from empties / tracks?
How can I enable dynamic paint in the viewport without the weight colors?
How to make a grid of objects with individual rotations?
Dynamic Enum Previews
batch rendering several .blend files with the same light setup
How to control objects with 3Dconnexion joypad?
x3d import in python
Problem with bones on x axis mirror
BGE Video Textures not showing up in exported .app
How can I select all creased edges with specific weight at once, can be with python
Imported PLY file appears blank
How to create a 3D figure with turtle graphic style commands
Landscape tool isn't visible in the transform menu
how to show again the dot in the faces?
One render layer with background image and one with transparent background
Does cycles allow for negative values in color data?
modifier_add does nothing
AttributeError when moving object with script
Create a filled curve with python
Is it possible to set the vertex color alpha component?
Can you customize a curve by varying thickness and width in blender without making fragmented segments?
Paint with FillBrush
Does gpu rendering support on gt 730 ddr3 or gt730v2 ddr5?
Change radius of a circle
Why can't I save my rendered animation as video?
How to wiggle multiple keyframed objects with Animation Nodes
ImportError: No module named 'Blender'
Loft between curves in commandline
Blender smoke cache saved but won't load as should after Blender is closed
How to force the update of a property in python?
How do I make Front Ortho the Active Camera?
Connect two cylinders at the corner of a bench seat
Line Style Nodes in Blender Internal?
Blender Scripting Particles
Why does background image disappear, UNCHECKED - when the 3d view is closed, re-opened, or duplicated?
How can I use bpy as a module in an IDE?
Wood texture in cross section
When using multiple GPUs, is there a way to set Blender to use the memory from the card with the largest amount of RAM?
How to use Light Field tools of Blender?
Simple opacity material in cycles?
Bone (Armature) ghosting problem
Motion Tracking: status of tracked pattern in a python variable (tracked vs. not tracked)
how to create fake reflections on objects?
Scripting - Import, save, delete - Loop
How to create keyframes for Animation Nodes, which I can see in dope sheet?
Voxel data as image sequence in cycles
My CPU is still faster than my GPU
how does the color ramp interpolation work?
Rigify finger controls rotation not moving correctly
How can I apply a modifier to a multi-user data object?
Is there a way to make the Displace modifier still?
Exported Mpeg Video ends up as .DVD file
Get day and time in python and assign that value to BGE property
How to project a point from 3D to 2D in blender?
Smooth Zooming?
Exporting Motion Tracking Data from Blender to After Effects
Get properties from different scripts in game engine?
better Curve/Text to Mesh generation?
How do I fill the gap between groups of vertices for 3D printing?
Execute something by clicking object
VSE strip previews
How to deform an ellipsis inside its englobing rectangle
Render depth map to image with python script
How to select faces/edges/vertices on one side of an object?
Water in a glass bottle error
How do I clean up text characters converted to mesh?
Object looks fine in rendered mode, but appears black in material mode
BGE Record gameplay?
How to aproach the modeling of duct work, piping, wiring?
make objects appear in a flash
Scripting, panel , UI: button to load sound file, button to execute body of script
How do I import a minecraft rig into my scene?
Handles missing in the graph editor
Transforming multiple objects
Mixing glass and emission shaders
No render output node in scene
Auto naming of items
Equirectangular sky texture in Blender Internal?
Set material strength and keyframes in Cycles with Python
Loop limit in animation nodes?
Samples has changed to path tracing tile
How can I render only shadow in Cycles?
How to make different materials for different objects?
How to set random color to each vertex clump of my model?
Is it possible to change the smoke colour without clearing the cache?
Is it possible to use a displacement map without having real geometry?
Offset edges along a plane
Alpha in Render Layer Without Combined Pass?
Blender spacebar search additions
how does the RGB curve work?
how can I get pure white color in blender?
Create duplicates of objects and give them different rotation
UI, how to add a file browser to a panel
Scripting, Where is global bpy data stored? How to access bpy....data?
File format changes from MPEG to .DVD
Create Object along three curves
Blender camera problems
Render objects to separate files using python
Removing doubles on imported 3DXML ngon mesh
Why can't I make item of clothing in the MakeHuman model?
Image Texture does not appear (correctly)
Arrows do not appear at selected point on mesh
Making an object disappear after a few seconds with Python (BGE)
How to make a transparent reflective surface with transparent film
How can I make a flat, spiralled surface?
Merge vertex into an edge
blender cycles renders alpha black but shows up fine in material tab
Looping F-Curve Modifier?
Texture Not applying Blender 2.76
How to get an unlit textured view in Object Mode?
How to change image dimensions of a generated image from Python?
Why Blender change the number of vertices when exporting .STL file
How to have a string work with the keyboard events in the GE?
Blender 2.76b and Three.js exporter not showing in Addons list after install?
is there a way to smooth the objects without using ridiculous amounts of vertices or Subdivision Surface?
My mac keeps crashing
How do I move an object in my scene using python?
getConstraintId returns zero with soft bodies
Operator.report not showing up in header
How to fit a grid to a set of vertices
translate like sketchup move
Can I run Blender on my universities server through SSH?
Alternative for old ika in Blender
Delete file in blender python script
Creating cloud of cubic particles
How can I make a partially transparent texture?
Create a compositing node 2D Vector from individual x & y components
How to align vertex to circle
viewing node outputs
Creating "wisp" materials in cycles
It's possible to create a 360 Video in blender?
How Do I reset my menu's on the right?
Image texture is not mapping correctly
Hair particles breaks in half - blender cycles
How to have character movements properly work diagonally?
different colors for connected edges in UV editor
How to speed up blender animation playback. It is slow
It is possible to use painting layers just like in photoshop?
How do I make a mirrored part of a mesh merge with the one I modeled
How to deal with the textures of multiple imported .obj files?
Add-on UI won't display!
Objects disappearing in render
Make Cycles materials transparent but present in BI
Merge vertices at individual centers
why does the origin move?
How to add an editor for one element of location or rotation_euler
Batch render script
Remove relationship between two objects
rendering problem (CUDA error out of memory)
Tool sub-menus don't always appear
Project Image onto Cubemap
How to merge vertex groups?
How to convert cloth simulation into mesh animation?
Unchecking shadow in Ray Visibility isn't removing shadow
My UV layout is distorted compared to the geometry of my object
My "Info Header" was replaced when I went into Node Editing Mode. How do I get the default bar back?
How do I remove all internal edges of a converted font to mesh?
How to make mesh lights brighter without washing out in the render?
Making a property change when an animation ends?
Adding Particle System through blender script
Having a UV maping problem, does anyone know what this is, and how to fix it?
How can I edge slide a vertex to a specific coordinate, using Python?
Joined spin dupli objects don't rotate together
is there a way, how to use a object with a hair particle system to be emitted by another hair particle system?
How to stop blender from recalculating normals?
How to turn curve into mesh?
Problems with rigid body rope
Can an object's physics simulation be activated on collision with other object?
Why, when I select "self collision" - the model shrinks (cloth simulation)
applying build modifier in bge
Irregularity in my rendered image
Rotation and Scale have suddenly stopped working?
Separate reflection based on object index cycles
Blender Add-on: Import-Export Three.JS doesn't activate
Cloth simulation acting weird
Constraint the camera to look at an object
My Particle System just stopped working
How to change the camera from Landscape to Portrait
I have a problem in my split-screen game
Removing specular intensity from all materials with internal
Blender with system python failing
How to make a wind force field, does not affect all objects in front of it (cloth simulation)?
Getting the 0,0,0 point in the middle of the cameras view
Weird subsurf edge and circle optimization
Drawing on tracked video footage with the grease pencil
Particles emitted from video layer
Gradient between two materials on the same mesh
How to build a Shader for Anodized Aluminium
What is causing this render artifact?
create drop-down list in menu panel
active GPU rendering in Blender
Mute renderer output when calling through script
How to get a MovieClipSequence Clip File via Python
Display the Operator properties of an Active Add Primitive operator
Settings for zbrush-like Layer brush?
Set up a single file for 24, 29 and 60 fps?
How to select only corner vertices?
How do I remove redundant triangles?
Anomalies when I unwrap the UV mesh
MHX2 Import addon in Blender preferences
Turn an object according the normal of a selected face from second mesh
Solidify makes plane thicker outwards
How to change material properties with time
why does menu_func() in this example reference a self when it is declared outside of a class
Cycles render, noisy even when using a high number of samples
How to bake object with cloth simulation and subsurf (not applied)? Having trouble using .mdd method
Is this normal map upside down, or is my setup wrong?
Animating grouped meshes with shape keys
Text not moving
Hair particles are not fitting my fractal ground
Are there any known formulas or other ways to create a realistic physics animation?
just god rays, without shadows or anything? (Blender Internal)
How to apply rotation and scale, avoiding shifting of the vertex parented objects?
Blender text editor and the 'insert' key
Making the "ruler" go along a perfectly straight line?
How to apply scale to a multi user object
How to add a hdr world background to its own layer?
Mouse movement doesn't effect same bone movement. Why?
Rendering fire animations with transparent background
Texturing/UV wrap help
How do I preview a procedural texture to animate in BI?
cycle units measurement through hotkey is it possible?
Store which Image is being used
Normals problem; Difference between shading modes?
Blinking noise on animation
"Grid Fill" error: Loops are not connected by wire/boundary edges
Cannot find spacing button
Python Operator: Context is Incorrect
How can I make two objects share the same vertex?
Locking vertices
Triangular grid fill
Blender to Papermodel?
how to configure blender 2.75 in the dynamic topology settings to reach the desired effect
Open a .blend file and start rendering
Aligning tangents in connecting NURBS-curves
fluid button in physics
How to approach the modeling of paneling on walls and floors?
How can I create a shortcut to change: "number of verticle" , "number of cuts"?
How can I use Cycles to render in Google Cloud?
How do I combine 2D and 3D animation together?
Difference based colorramp
Why would I use the "Film Emulation" feature?
Blender not rendering specified dimensions
Snap two vertices into midpoint of them
How would I get brighter color with the voronoi node?
Without using nodes, how can random materials be assigned to a set of objects?
Can a local axis be aligned with an edge?
Shadows on my Low poly model after applying normal map
Multiple UV maps in one final image?
How to get Smoke into Z-Depth Pass?
How do you use the Z-Depth pass?
Waveform not showing while checking audio scrubbing
Is it possible to simplify this mesh? I have too many vertices
Is there a Blender equivalent to switch layers in 2D animation?
How to get around triangles?
Any way of serializing Blender cycles materials data?
Topology modeling
Does Cycles support all (relatively new) CUDA GPUs?
Simple edge loop won't Grid Fill
FPV camera inertia/movement
How to paste images onto particular faces of a UV map?
particles blown away from impact?
Ocean Modifier Questions
Connect / Weld Vertices / Edge
Why isn't audio rendering?
How to simulate "making a necktie" with blender?
extruded curves changing orientation on render
Textures are visible in Texture viewport mode, but disappear in Render and Texture Paint
How can I make texture and material look like an MRI?
How to totally save a self-contained Blender object to ensure no data is lost?
How do i join two texts together
Two sides of cube are not baking normal correctly
Custom shape's bone
Cycles: Load image texture from memory
Render FPS is low
How to discretize a 3D model represented by as .STL
Loop Cut and Slide using Python
What does the fading selection color mean?
Get a face selected pointing upwards
why doesn't the texture cover all the mesh
move loop selection to next or previous loop?
How can i get the inside of a face selection selected?
How to create volumetric/smoke material in blender game engine?
Showing the dimensions of an object when rendering?
How can I change the particles density and its direction in volume?
Essentially, what are drivers?
Integrating edge loops in grid fill surface
Melt Cup together with handle
Does Blender have a way to reduce texture size?
How to rotate an object in Blender 2.74 using python script
Is it possible to enable render transparency for only certain renderlayers?
Tangent handles in NURBS curves
Boid particles will not climb
Creating a single vertex on the cursor position
How do I reduce the sensitivity of the SURF feature detector?
Why do I get a type error when trying to name a newly created object?
How can I render with RenderMan in the GPU, in Blender 2.76?
Can I color a curve in Cycles by the direction it's running?
Blender 2.76b wont install. Error Message pops up
Cannot properly align textures
Assigning Shaders Based off UV Map Colours
It is possible to check if a particle is within a face?
Does Blender keep a log when it's rendering?
Can ultra-low-res textures cause problems while rendering?
How can I render to a texture?
How to get rid of unneeded vertices?
Stuck on Texturing a Head With Projection Painting
Adding several textures to subdivided/leveled plane
How do I create a shader that is partially emissive for a particular colour, but diffuse if it's grey?
How to define a RGB color and specular color in Blender 2.74 using Python
Extend a face along another plane
No attribute "rotation_euler" on a KX_GameObject?
I am using a Magic Mouse but am not able to select any vertices or faces
How do I select specific vertices in blender using python script?
Fake DOF in the Compositor
Short-cut for "cursor to selected"
objects disappear when rendered
texture map to a beveled curve or path
How to create a sawtooth flange?
Accelerating looped rotation -animation
Removing internal geometry before 3D printing
How to select different objects and name them in blender 2.76b
my subdiv modifier pulls the model out of shape
How to export a scene with Shape Keys Animation?
Edge Sliding multiple verts/edges along a single edge axis?
Blender used by game designers?
Making Emission Object Invisible with Volume Scatter
How to select polygons facing camera instead of polygons located in the opposite side
How to discretize a 3D mesh to generate a 3D binary matrix
How to generate a 3D binary matrix after applying a remesh modifier
What are IK bones, and what do they do?
How can I get the Clone tool in texture painting?
Image not appearing in output folder when rendered
Controling and getting feedback for robots in Blender
Rotate Default Model Orientation
Can I save selected elements of a Blender scene?
Bone shrinks mysteriously under the influence of an IK Constraint
What, fundamentally, is wrong with my metal texture?
Why does mean crease not work properly?
What do nodes do?
How to copy an object along a path
Could not Render Loaded Texture in 3D View by bgl module
How to define a colorband in Blender 2.74 using python script
Problem with materials after export
Render layer causing image "shearing" in video sequence editor
How can I correct this beer material?
Why can't I "Copy a Data Path"?
How to align wave texture perfectly?
Create noise texture and set its influence rgb value?
How can I get a bullet-time effect (slow motion) in the BGE?
how to link a 2.4 blender file to the 2.7 blender version?
Texture appears to stand still when the camera is animated
Why is this environment texture image showing only a solid color in the 3D view, using Cycles?
vertices tracking: movie clip editor
How to X-Mirror weight paint of "Weight Gradients" to .R/.L bones in Blender
How to edit object deformed by a curve modifier
combining two sets of vertices to maintain a specific shape?
Make the flame of a candle more yellow
Change things between render layers?
Painting one part of my model causes another part to get painted as well
Textures are shifted in Cycles render
Blender and dental addon
Unwrapping buildings with holes
Sun lamp shadows too sharp
I have a model and a normal map, can I bake Ambient Occlusion from both?
How can I execute a function from a separate script?
How can I interactively change the shape of a cloth?
Copyright for model in blender
What are some good low-poly scene techniques?
How can I export vertex paint to Unity?
Fill a frame with a sphere
Strange Red Box on my screen
no faces in edit mode
How can I use the Add brush in Particle Edit mode?
Casting Shadows in BGE
How can I display only one camera view option in a custom pie menu?
How to rotate the direction of the curve extrusion by 90 degrees
Particles and Textures and Density
How do I add polygons to fill a face?
How do I make an object only visible when it is in front of another specific object?
How do use one channel from an image in a material?
Moving Square to Sit onto Sphere's Face?
Why does the behavior of snap seem "weird"?
Video editing. Audio and Video strip have different length
Blender 3d view port rotation issue
Display text on screen - relative to launched command?
How can I export .mesh files?
How do I stretch my texture evenly over my entire model?
How do I mirror my pose for symmetry
Positioning the pivot point in center in part of mesh
Restore thumbnails in Windows File Explorer?
How to join two objects so that one conforms to the shape the other?
What is the relation between the scale nodes that includes the pixlate node?
How can I scale a duplicate mesh to evenly first the mesh?
Linking cell fractured fragments together with Rigid Body Constraints set as 'breakable'
Running a tracking script with Blender in the background
Copy object, not being able to change the texture on one?
Creating or Altering a Modifier, specifically Boolean
How do I get knife_project operator to use view settings within the operator?
"Copy from active" doesn't work as expected
Trouble connecting bones and finding the right orientation for a spine
How do I use the inpaint node?
I can't load an image from a script
How do you set the "current image" as far as bpy is concerned?
Splitting a mesh at the end of a shape key-based animation
Is it possible to assign a keyboard shortcut for toggling a preference?
Multiple layers, master pivot point
Image broken when render in Video Sequence Editor mode
How to select objects and join them with Python
have i toggled wireframe?
my particle emmiter isnt working
Applying material to a face
How do I rig a BB-8 robot?
Can I snap an objects so their edges line up?
Sub Surf and triangles
How to set rotation of an object on a specific axis?
Cycles Render bake over texture with transparency
How to create an operator to show and select multiple items?
GPU rendering doesn´t work on Win32 latest builds. Any clue about it?
volume scatter is overexposing my scene
How to align vertices to another vertex per axis?
Why is blender using so few resources
Creating sharp edge between smooth mesh surfaces
Texture is shown as being black
How to evenly distribute edge loops
Divide a face following an existing edge (not part of the face)
SubSurf modifier does not fill corner
Rotate the result of a mirror modifier
Cloth simulation is all compressing!
Exporting Object Models/ Exporting Individual Models
I can't figure out how to make my animation work in my blender game
Weird static-y appearance of object
hair simulation too slow and cache inaccessible
How to create a smooth surface onto a rectangle frame?
Is there a bpy.data.objects equivalent of bpy.ops.object.modifier_apply?
Create a grid in a mesh
3D sound via python in the BGE?
How to disable entire tracks (or multiple clips) in VSE
UV unwrap sapling in cycles
bezier curve loops are twisted
Is there a way to mirror and duplicate in one action?
Extend texture to different objects
Black Texture when baking Ambient Occlusion with Blender internals?
Curve from Mesh, how to enable handles?
subdivision surface pulls the shape wrongly
How to make a stretchy rig work correctly in game
A question about color
Controlling the direction of face selection?
Why do normals exist?
Low-level location, rotation and scale for sphere, cylinders
How to render nodes + background image?
How to store variable and use it as property in panel?
Can't select edges after dissolving and using loop cut tool
How do you stop smoke generation?
How can I emit particles without them overlapping each other?
How to make an object's vertex follow another object
Armature with automatic weights problem. Object not following the bone properly
How to create a cloth that keeps its shape
Can Blender be used to composite HDR photos?
bpy.ops.object.location_clear() Does not clear locations for keyframe'd objects
Pinpoint the area light to object
Distorted Cylinder to Regular Cylinder
What is the warp modifier for?
How to extrude and leave the original in place?
Extrude level to other element
Scale a face to always fit the same point in global space in an array modifier
Why does Undo only sometimes work?
How to get smooth edges on text object?
Can you use maps from Crazy bump in the BGE
Extract sequence of frames from imported MP4 - scripted?
How to scale/rotate small trackers with mouse?
I've changed position of vertices with python but nothing happened
Create subscript text
How to undo a window split?
Preview window of RENDERMAN
Add a mesh from a list of locations, rotations and scales?
why are my textures missing when I reopen the model?
What would be the better hardware to use in cycles?
Compositor Problems when working with alpha over and blur nodes
Texture Painting - object is pink like it has no texture
Unit selection circle in BGE?
"." on numPad no longer centers view on selected
Why is my object offset from the Bezier curve?
How to precisely set position in edit mode by typing in numbers?
How do I fix this ugly bevel?
Hot Key responsible for changing manipulator doesn't work
Magnetic Spheres
How to get a pose bones rotation (custom exporter)
Knurled pattern on different types of surfaces
How to load an object from another scene in the bge?
Can we keyframe hair particle brownian motion?
Is Blender Compatible with Powerpoint?
Shadow catcher problem?
Cycles Emission Render Layer Issue - Emission Objects appear in final render as if they have xray
