Can you attack again after I decide not to block?
Are there more cards like Boseiju, Who Shelters All for non-mana costs?
Are there any bridge systems where cards played convey deeper information in a manner similar to bidding systems?
Are there any cards that turn creatures into land?
Debt condition abuse?
Is "finesses wrong for declarer" a good reason to double a (bridge) contract?
Warrior vs Antimatter
What are the qualities of a successful beta testing session from the player's perspective?
What's the order of scoring when completing a city with a Princess?
Dark Pact condition
Does Progenitor Mimic create copies of itself even when it isn't a creature?
Tactics to fight or deter Diplomatic races in 2 player games
Hokusai and Bernice Mai timing
Are you required to call a judge if you're not involved in the game?
Can I special build after rolling the dice?
Which domino is heavier?
What card game is popular today, fun for kids, and is a worthy investment at a reasonable cost to my wallet?
Evasion checks for investigator attacking a monster in a space with another monster
When both players have the same 2 pair, can a 3rd pair be used as a valid kicker?
Interactions between Brainstorm and Miracles
In 4-player Unspeakable Words, what is the likelihood of more than one player not going insane?
Is a bridge defense easier if the values are about equally distributed?
What is the effect of the "1 for last card" score on tactics in cribbage?
In 7 Wonders, when using a Leader to build Babylon (B)'s second stage before Age 3
about rolls and being forced to reroll
How do you set up ports when you don't use the new "frames"
Thinking of getting Pandemic...should I buy one or both of the expansion packs along with the base game?
Best place around the table in Blackjack
Do I draw a new hand if I start my turn without any card?
When does "Targeting" happen in MTG?
Does the commander count as part of your deck?
What does "poker size cards" mean?
How does Ithaqua's "Icy Winds" ability work with Healing Stone?
Is responders suit change after 1NT rebid by opener forcing? (System: simplified SAYC)
What happens if a wizard uses a spell against a monster that is immune to it?
How to use the promo roles in the resistance?
What defines "Isolation" in Third Reich?
How many of each type of path cards are there in Saboteur?
Firefly - getting rid of parts (dumping cargo)?
Effect of Viper's Kiss on Heroic creatures
How should I group rare Magic cards when selling them online?
How do people build a Magic deck once they have a general starting point?
If I discard most of or all my cards in phase ten twist, how will I get enough to continue play?
Is Lighthouse from Dominion: Seaside overpowered?
Can a Special Event be used to help another player during their turn?
What's this 3D game?
What does it mean that uranium always refills from space 16?
Where to take briefcases from?
Does Legacy's Super-human Durability and Fortitude interact?
How is my mouse's ability attack resolved?
How do we use Maginos's staff if it's a blunt melee weapon?
What do we do if we need to place a large minion and all minion entry spaces are occupied?
When are Mice and Mystics encounter cards flipped & discarded?
Is Dungeon! biased towards the Cleric?
As Italy, when is it profitable to attack France?
In SAYC, what does doubling a 2-level weak jump overcall mean?
Do two creatures with protection from each other cancel out each others' protection?
Newport has no costs on UK PowerGrid map - A misprint?
In bridge, how would you bid the "worst" 14 point hand?
Do Collectible Card Games without shuffling exist?
Deep Space cannons: how many times can they shoot?
How the game actually end for Carcassonne?
When does legendary rule take place?
When to use card sleeves for a board game?
Can I fight a monster during charity?
Where can this FAQ be found on an official site?
Can I view rules for Crayon Rail games online?
Who wins if the game ends with one player having 6 colonies and 1 or more players with 5 colonies?
What are good reasons to lead dummy's first bid suit?
Where is the Wizards of the Coast Offical Commander (General) banned list?
What is the best strategy for Coppersmith in Dominion?
Cards used for combat
In Star Fluxx, have you needed to change how The Computer and The Unseen Force play?
What's the best way to get a good food engine going in Agricola early on?
What is an extra move in Mancala, and can you have more than one?
What's the best Dominion expansion for beating big money-style strategies?
When scoring in Prosperity, is there a maximum limit for research?
Interactive Deck came with Easy cards?
Does a herbivore gain 1 star if he attacks but the damage is ignored due to armor plating?
In King of Tokyo advanced play, does the monster in Tokyo Bay move into Tokyo City if the Tokyo City monster yields?
In Magic: the Gathering, what is being gathered?
Triggered abilities: Whenever a creature deals damage
Put twice as many tokens/counters
Is there a standard file format for Magic the Gathering games?
Multiple games in same box using same components. What was it?
In Lords of Waterdeep, how is Accelerated Plans played?
Good counter to Minion in Dominion: Intrigue
How does Blistering Dieflyn work?
Pandemic - Will the expansions really make a difference?
Can I use Decoy Dragon's effect after Dream Sprite's effect?
How many epidemic cards to use with the Bio-Terrorist challenge?
Bio-terrorist Tactics / Strategy
Can Uncommon Magic cards be sold individually for a profit?
What happens when you want to close a gate but there's another investigator in Other World?
moving backwards into a safety zone in the game Sorry
Converted mana costs of tokens and manlands
Can resources in Alexandria's side A second wonder be bought by other players?
can wishes let you get 5x of a card?
How is the current format for an MTG booster draft calculated?
Is there a strategy to choosing the card used to construct a wonder phase?
What happens if a creature is returned to owner's hand after blocking or being targetted?
Can you play the Village Well (minor improvement) even if you don't own the Well?
Why are the decks in Agricola called Komplex, Interactive and Easy?
What's the best Power Grid expansion for a beginner?
Is the Diver able to turn when swimming across a flooded or abyss tile?
Can you use sandbags as your discard when you have more than 5 cards?
How does the Hickory Woodlot card work?
Is it possible to die out of a combat?
When is a card returned to the owner's hand?
Identify this dominos game
Does Memory Erosion trigger even if a spell gets countered?
Can I use both of Grindclock's abilities at the same time?
How does Double Strike work with Trample?
Bridge: Matchpoints vs IMPs: Different game?
How can I win against Phyrexian Unlife?
No power plants available to buy
Do I use the original start tile when playing The River?
Can I use Trait Doctoring to to make a Circle of Protection monocolor or multicolor?
When playing Remodel in Dominion, must you gain a new card?
Limit to the amount of resources a player can spend when handling a crisis
Disembarking meeples in scenarios that begin in the sea
Can you use ports or markets after playing all action disks?
Recommendations for a wife who likes dominion
What's a good way to shuffle small decks of cards?
Is Mana Weaving ok if it's followed by a thorough shuffle?
Does Argothian Elder and Maze of Ith really produce infinite mana during the attack phase?
Are there any EDH commanders whose colour identity is not solely determined by their mana cost?
Can the first zombie player spawn the second zombie player's zombies?
Elder Thing - "This minion is not affected by opponents' cards."
Good counter to Possession in Dominon: Alchemy
Does a Life Gain deck have any hope against a Stigma Lasher?
Can a Hero Event be used on another Hero player?
Does Homing Sliver give other Slivers slivercycling even before it's been cast?
Hibernation Sliver and sacrifices
Does Eclipse under-estimate the game length, or are we playing it incredibly slowly?
In Haunt #43 - The Star Sickness, does any use of the serum on a traitor kill them?
In Haunt #43 - The Star Sickness: I'm a Traitor and Have the Serum, now what?
Can you chose fewer targets than a spell permits?
Good tips for first-time Power Grid players?
When is a Spell considered to be "Cast"?
Does movement end when you land on an open gate?
Do you only get one chance at casting a spell?
Does the starting world dictate your strategy in Race for the Galaxy?
do basic lands count against sideboard total?
Do permanents controlled by a player with hexproof also have hexproof?
In Axis and Allies, is the Axis "economic victory" condition a valid one?
Can an untapped creature "become untapped?"
Can a non-instant or sorcery ever have flashback?
Removal of red camp cards from the camp board
First aid skill
shapesharer and verdant force
When I gain control of a creature, do I also gain control of any auras or equipment attached to it?
Tapping opponents creatures
Is it practical for the visually-impaired to play in casinos?
How do Chromatic Sphere, Archmage Ascension, and Panglacial Wurm interact?
Edmond Tanair scoring criteria
What happens to other Auras on a Creature enchanted with bestowing, when the Creature dies?
Flames of War with 1/72 miniatures
Are there restrictions on pawn promotion if two pawns are on the same column?
What effects do exhausted cards have?
questions about shapesharer
Is a Boros Guildgate considered a mountain?
Homegrown solo variants
In Elder Sign, does the "Bind Monster" card avoid an Ancient One effect?
First-player advantage in Puzzle Strike?
Best cross-country route in TTR USA?
Bidding response to convenient minor bid
What are the dragonflies used for in Little Balancing?
Destroying minions with extra power
Do type-changing static abilities allow triggering?
Warhammer Fantasy Tournaments Statistics
Are there any systems or experts that factor in "intermediate" cards in deciding when to bid?
In Bang!, can you use two beers?
King of Tokyo, effects of cards after monster death
Is Avalon worth getting if I already own The Resistance
Creatures with Tribute and targeting
What tap effect has precedence?
Seeker of Slaanesh Threat Card Clarification
"Investing" in other players in Monopoly
Cloning a card with Tribute
What are the rules with attached creepers in Cthulhu Fluxx?
What happened with Chronicles?
Power Grid China/Korea strategy - is it any different from the base game?
In the new Tyranid Codex (6th Edition) is the Close Combat Weapons bonus included in Unit profiles?
What happens if each player has a copy of the same Archetype?
What happens if Perplexing Chimera is used on a Storm spell?
Can I spend Stimhack credits after accessing cards?
Play before a base score: deciding the order
What is the original purpose of Bazaar of Baghdad?
Sorry! Fire Token Bumping Rule
How does Fuse work?
How does Shadowborn Demon work?
When do routed units capture a castle/stronghold
Is it possible to copy a land with Mimic Vat that is turned into creature by an enchantment?
Can I complete a quest during the "Waterdeep Harbor" phase?
Questions about the game-play of Cluedo
How does Perplexing Chimera work with multiple triggers on the stack?
How does the help system work in munchkin?
Why is Wizards breaking the color pie (at least in Legacy)?
Tabletop game similar to Civilization, set in Antiquity
A&A surprise strike on loaded aircraft carrier
In bridge, should East consider "overtaking" his partner's lead if able?
Are Magic The Gathering Proxy cards illegal to print?
Extra Story Cards for Firefly
If you have multiple wonders do you get multiple special powers?
When can an Ætherling use its blinking ability?
In LOTR with Sauron, what's the timing of Nazgul cards?
Mahjong - declaring another player dead
MTG—Multiple Card Stack Confusion
What happens if both players have the ability to pump their creature an unlimited number of times?
How to make custom Cards Against Humanity Cards?
Do I get more cards if my hand is empty at the end of my turn?
Does ice ever break in Netrunner?
Auras on creatures with protection
What to do when briefcases in the bag run out?
Penalty For Skipping Priority
Does informed "experience" show "too many players" in a game of monopoly?
Do you need a program to make a run in Netrunner?
How does Snare! work in Netrunner?
Can I sacrifice an opponent's creature to Shadowborn Demon?
Cold contract in bridge
What are the rules when accessing a remote server with upgrades?
What exactly does "can't attack/block alone" mean?
Do cards like Giant Growth create a one-shot or continuous effect?
Is it ever better pass and not hit in backgammon?
What do I use the curse and coin randomizer cards for?
Why is Femme Fatale so expensive to install?
Can I use multiple items and spells in one action?
Where can I find a printer for a budget game board?
Can Bear Hug force a player to destroy an Incorporeal minion?
Floodtide Serpent and Can't Attack Enchantments
In bridge, should you be more careful with takeout doubles over one spade?
How do two Doubling Seasons affect each other?
Backgammon with negative value dice
Does Monopoly involve skill to a considerable degree?
How does Phyrexian Dreadnought and Volrath's Shapeshifter interact?
Wording on Volrath's Shapeshifter
How does Spirit of the Labyrinth interact with Chains of Mephistopheles?
Can a flashed creature block?
How do you counter a fuse card?
How do Platinum Angel and Darksteel Reactor interact?
What is the "pause" rule for dummy play in tournament bridge?
Does the first piece in a standard blokus game have to have a square on a corner cell?
How to play the intro of Legends of Andor with two players?
Are the large box sets stand alone, or do they require Descent 2nd Edition base-set?
Firefly 'Sky Hook' ship upgrade
Firefly "Reaver Cutter" nav card
Why so many people use "house rules" in EDH/Commander?
Can Aura of Dominion be used with Inspire Creatures?
Do I have to move all units in the area I have attacked?
Can Japanese Cards be played if using an English based Deck?
Is there a program/game i can build a deck and play against AI's without a net connection?
Are there any playable Twilight Imperium 2 player variants?
Can a player trade 3 groups in one turn?
What is your average VP score rolling 2 versus 4 dice after an initial 3322xx roll?
Rules for kings to take pieces
How well do Forbidden Desert and Forbidden Island play with two players?
Differences between Forbidden Island and Forbidden Desert?
Playing Multiple Lands in One Turn
Returning permanents from my graveyard
If your Commander is in your graveyard when your graveyard is exiled can you return it to the command zone?
Can Welding Jar target itself?
What happens to a Curse when the Enchanted Player dies?
Is an Enchantment Creature card an Enchantment card?
Will suspend foil a "Cheesy" victory?
How do Mistform Dreamer and Conspiracy interact?
In bridge, does it make sense to "shade" one's bidding standards with a part score?
What to do about evolution cards that don't work well in solo games?
Voracious Wurm and Wall of Reverence: which trigger happens first?
Where can i sell my CCG cards?
What Other Bidding Approaches Are There?
Not enough cards for both players when casting Wheel of Fortune
Can I cast cost-less cards like Living End with Dream Halls?
When are suspend card counterable
Multiple followers, and moving onto shrines in the Count expansion
MTG Best commander deck money can buy
Plague Spitter + Rite of Passage
Do creature effects trigger every time they move base?
Survival of the Fittest
Should "standard errata" be applied to silver-bordered cards?
Multiple melds for the same card
Can I use a "Counter Target Spell" on Enchantments?
Multiple effects causing extra phases in M:tG
Cornucopia: Can Horn of Plenty be used together with normal treasure cards?
Regenerate: Tap before regeneration?
Can Wheel of Sun and Moon go into graveyard from play?
Who wins? Painter's Servant or Mycosynth Lattice?
Leyline of the Void and exiling stolen permanents
wheel of sun and moon and tutors
In the Game of the Goose, keep moving again and again if I keep landing on geese?
Can my opponent respond to an "enters the battlefield" ability?
Looking for a horror boardgame I used to play back in 1999 or so
bridge club alert rules internationally
Show and Tell and permanents that target other permanents
show and tell, gilded drake and primeval titan
Is there a way to block MTG sorcery spells that view my hand?
Support order, when losing a battle
Unsporting trades in the end-game of settlers of Catan
The Witches: A Discworld Board Game - Defeating Count Bela
Soviet space exploration board game (now with pictures)
Can I tap a creature in response to an instant?
What rules were used wrong in Tabletop's episode for "Fortune and Glory"?
Do cards that say "creatures you control" trigger Heroic?
In Munchkin, can a thief steal at level 1?
Draw a card when my deck and my discard piles are empty
Are there any open source card game like magic the gathering?
What Is Eriku's Ability?
Whats the perfect set for Agricola solo series using E, I, and K decks?
Can you still battle a monster even if it will not pursue you?
Can Android: Netrunner be played with more than two people?
Do negative counters trigger Protean Hydra?
How much replayability can I expect from a core set LCG
Feeding The Baby After The Next Harvest
Can you use the Annihilation card on a Giant Skunk that someone else is fighting?
Strongest cribbage bots
Merlin always gets stabbed
Do investigators who start with blessing need to check for discard in their first turn?
How can I best assess the quality of a game of Scrabble?
"Each" and Targeting
Nightveil Specter - Do I have to play the cards in order they were exiled?
Arkham horror expansion compatability diagram
Do two monsters spawn on gates when playing with five or more investigators?
Drawn through gate during an Arkham encounter
do creatures created after a "all creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn" instant get -1/-1 as well?
Flash Point without the Deck Gun?
Can the climber jetpack to a buried tile?
Failing an attempt to cast Mists of Releh
Can the Herald put itself on top of your draw deck?
Can you force a player to **Bang** themselves when Dorothy Rage is in play?
What game are these cards from?
Playing duplicate bridge against players from some event
Are gods treated as creatures before they enter the battlefield?
If a Creature-Planeswalker blocks a creature with infect, what happens?
Please help identifying board game similar to Mouse Trap
Do bestow count toward cards that say "when [sub-type] enters on the battlefield"
When do I play with the full board in Neuroshima Hex?
How to expand Love Letter to accomodate more players?
Is there a MTG card similar (either in image or name) to R2D2 for a Star Wars theme deck?
Best places to buy board games online?
Effective way of shuffling small form cards
Most human-like chess AI
Why can't an overloaded Counterflux beat Pyromancer Ascension?
Does Courser of the Kruphix's ability play multiple land cards?
Can I cast Enchant Creature cards on Enchantment Creatures (Bestow) that are on another creature?
Dominion Herald's card is not an action, then what?
If a creature with an effect is destroyed by blocking do other attacking creatures lose the effect?
What would Resolve first?
Does Into the Wilds stack?
Are hosted power counters and advancement tokens the same thing?
What can be played during an opponents turn?
What are the odds of getting a double run in four-handed pinochle?
Space combat game with standard deck of cards
How do multiple copies of Merrow Commerce interact?
How compatible are the two versions of Netrunner?
Is there a limit to a player's hand size in Summoner Wars?
Can you cast an instant damage spell between first strike and normal damage?
Church Warden vs Reed Hut in Round 14
If I target my own Rancor with a Terastodon will the effect still take place and give me a 3/3 elephant token?
Small World: Why does it use 3-point coins?
Exceeding the monster limit due to an encounter
Where can I find wooden pieces (or alternates) for Diplomacy?
Legend of Drizzt "Cavern Tile" triangle color
Taking hit from Plague Zombie
response with 4 cards in major and long (6+) minor
Where can I find a list of all the cards in Elder Sign?
Is a card that was played and immediately trashed "in play"?
MTG Multiplayer—Card Control and Losing the Game
What happens when I target an indestructible card with an "if that would die this turn, exile it instead" effect?
Ensnaring Bridge and Cranial Plating
Two Player Draft Formats
Does an Archetype affect summoning cost effects?
2 Player Draft Ideas
Looking for uber-accessible game formats for Android: Netrunner
Can I use Lucky Cigarette Case on another player
How to play multiplayer Ticket to Ride (iOS/ipad) with friends over the internet?
What happens if a tribute effect has no valid target?
Volatile Rig blocks Xathrid Necromancer: What happens?
Can the Wonder that pulls from the discard pile be used multiple times?
How does targeting limitation work for Wild Ricochet?
Magic the Gathering lingering spell effect
Can an instant spell be used before an upkeep triggered ability resolves?
What happens when additional costs can't ultimately be paid, but the spell is on the stack?
Where can I find the web app for designing Robot Turtles boards?
Are there similar games to "Love Letter"?
Banishing Spell Cards from the graveyard
What are some cards that allow for returning Monsters to my hand?
Identify board game played as a child featuring cute monsters
How Can One Create Game Balance Axis and Allies WWI?
When multiple monsters enter a Vortex during a turn do multiple Dunwich tokens get added?
How long before I can move on to a different phase?
When is the hydra considered a player with the "Face the Hydra" deck?
How do I win at nine men's morris
Do Triggered effects stack?
Conflict in Fluxx
Can a card be un-cast, if the player realises it was a bad decision?
+1/+1 counter, where does it go when my adversary bolts it's target?
How should the "and/or" text of a card be interpreted?
Klondike Solitaire - moving partial sequences between columns
Clarification on Support in Diplomacy
Is there a standard name for the card game "Elevenses"?
During scoring, can an Inuksuk be a double?
Are these decks going to be playable?
Counter heavy proactive control with a distruption-based aggro deck in the Legacy format
How do "Run" Events interact with effects that change the server you're running on?
What are the Blackjack rules used in Atlantic City casinos?
Are you allowed to attack creatures instead of a player?
Mono-Green Deck: Responding to Sorceries/Instants?
Putting a reclusiarch terminator in a drop pod?
Geiger's ace artwork
Cauldron of Souls and Wickerbough Elder
What happens when a creature enchanted with Soul Link would deal lethal damage to a player?
In Blackjack, does the dealer reveal his hole card if you bust?
What if someone attacks with Master of Cruelties and another creature?
When might a Standard American bidder "bend" the five card major rule?
Are there any good intermediate deck building resources available in magic
Can I cast a Slaughter Pact on a Spellskite after I played Lightning Storm and I already discarded some lands?
Re-rolling secured red/yellow dice in Elder Sign?
What is Astrochain and how does it work?
Can Crypt Rats be used from Graveyard
Combo question: urborg tomb of yawgmoth, torpor orb, kormus bell, dark depths = free Marit Lage?
Sudden Death Mode
How many meeples should I have according to the expansions that I'm currently using?
Kate Winthrop's Immunity to All Terror effects in Elder Sign - how does it work?
Persephone Super Moves in 2v2
Calculating reserves, and the 50% rule
Would Evacuation and Ambush Commander return all forests to their owners' hands?
Can someone explain me this furiten?
Chained to the Rocks and shocklands
How much do the Heroes and Traitor need to reveal while using their haunt-specific rules?
Can Guttersnipe hit Planeswalkers?
Question about interaction: levitation, then gravity sphere, then oblivion ring on each, then tranquility. Who flies away?
Can you discard inactive jobs in Firefly
Is there a way to tell if a Cards Against Humanity card exists already?
In Elder Sign, after rolling, can I do both - complete a task AND use any dice previously secured by a spell to complete a second task?
Value of Joker options
the sycophant card
Do Gild's Gold tokens go into play under the caster's control?
How long does a creature returned by the Whip of Erebos remain on the battlefield?
What are the limitations on using a Planeswalker's loyalty abilities?
Hammer of Purphoros doesn't let me destroy my opponent's lands; why is that exactly?
Dominion: Doctor + Rats
Apparent contradiction in official rules for Kamisado?
Why are bridge games seemingly documented only by the hands and bidding?
The Witches: A Discworld Board Game - Removing crisis counters
Risk - To secure a world domination win?
Artisan of Forms and Gift of Immortality
Jenga: When does a player's turn begin?
What happens when you lose an invention that has a one-shot benefit?
What happens if you get lost while rescuing Jenny?
Space Marine Attack Bike Twin-Linked bolter
Drop pod deviation above terrain
Communication - Saying "Draw"
Going to ground behind a Aegis defense line
Do rules revert to 4 player rules midgame if someone gets eliminated?
How many monsters should be drawn in a 5 player game during an encounter?
How does Lava Burst work with hexproof/shroud?
Has the value of a five-card suit in no trump contracts been demonstrated?
Paying a Cost and Communicating
Elder Sign charater traits
Trashing Market Square and another card at the same time
Eclipse for nongamers
Monster Stacking Puzzle Game?
Modern affinity deck without Mox Opal
Does the initiative from flux missiles apply to just the missiles or the whole ship?
Resolution of two buffs that affect attacking creatures
Can you re-use millitary power to conquer two worlds on the same turn (with Improved Logistics)
Is there any configuration of Free Cell that cannot be solved?
What constitutes "wrongful" hesitation in bridge?
What happens to my Athreos triggers when my opponent has an Aegis of the Gods?
Can a non independent character deploy in a dedicated transport?
Is there any interaction between hypothetical continuous effects?
In Robinson Crusoe, what happens when you lose an item that acts as an invention prerequisite?
In Robinson Crusoe Castaways Scenario, will the hatchet and snare keep after camp has been moved?
Are cut cards reshuffled in blackjack?
Citadels Tax Collector timing
Can I use old sets of magic cards in an EDH deck
How can I play against enchantments while playing an all black deck?
interaction of "Foreclosure" and "Crop Insurance" cards
How exactly is Tally Ho! imbalanced?
What is this blank purple UNO card?
When can lands be tapped?
Opening "best of minors"
Arkham Horror - Are you allowed to take injury/madness while fighting with The Great Old One
Can you cast creatures exiled by Ashiok/Nightveil Specter with bestow?
Othello (Reversi) Online community
When can you keep priority?
Perplexing Chimera + Hypnotic Siren. Do I control all of my opponent's spells?
Canfield solitaire: moving partial sequences
Game for a blind person
MOTO Acronym for MTG Online
Can a character without a skill use a card that adds to that skill?
Bridge video lessons
Does playing a "Double Rent" card in Monopoly Deal count against your card play total on a turn?
How to force the opponent to take the x squares?
Can you play older versions of cards in standard?
In Commander, does color identity prevent me from taking control of a different colored permanent?
Open source programming toolkits for modeling table top games
Is there a limit to how many characters can be placed on a room space?
How many is "A bunch"?
Firefly Boardgame: Amnon Duul solid bonus (Travel Hub) benefits
Does Silver Lining negate a creeper requirement?
What happens when I cast a spell incorrectly?
Can I destroy a Planeswalker before its abilities are used?
Will I lose the game if I dip below 0hp whilst there's a spell that'll heal me on the stack?
Are there times NOT to bid 1NT with 15 high card points and a balanced hand?
Survival of the Fittest activations and priority
Marriages in Schnapsen/Sixty-six
What to do with an early $8 hand?
How do I combine regular Munchkin with Munchkin Zombies?
Tap/Untap Land and Casting Spells
Reduce toughness and cast dmg spell - cause of death?
What's the best way to determine which cards will be banned or not reprinted?
How does the Tribute mechanic work?
Gods have summon sickness?
Are these board games considered as gambling games?
What is the name of this solitaire card game?
What happens if a creature has no toughness defined?
Can players at other locations play multiple cards to help you in combat?
Can I control a planeswalker with Confiscate?
Increasing engagement in Crack the Case
Are "East trading post" and "West trading post" considered identical structures?
Gods dying and the legends rule
Dominion Last Province
Does something which affects "defending player" target that player?
Do rockets or destroyed systems count for the green d8?
All armies and fleets destroyed - Still in Game?
What happens if you ambassador a hovel?
Best way to get into Pokemon?
Can I use strive to target the same object more than once?
What does "Gunblade" refer to in Netrunner?
40k - Kustom Force Field and Vehicle Explosions
Is the Library strong in San Juan?
How does Perplexing Chimera work with Strionic Resonator?
Is there an in-game mechanic reason for placing action cards face down during the planning phase
Athreos, God of Passage and Undying
Would it be viable to play pandemic with an "eradicate all diseases" win condition?
Firefly artful dodger starting drive core
Could an actual mono black storm (Tendril of agony) deck be viable for Legacy?
Number of Agenda Cards Scored
How to make Settlers of Catan quicker?
While covering the Queen, what happens if I pocket only an opponent's coin?
Is Bioshift affected by Doubling Season?
Who is "You" when the creature controller is not the owner?
Is there an error in equilibrio puzzle #45?
Do we really need to leave materials below the completed structure?
In Catan, how to ensure nobody lies when monopoly card is played?
Does "When enter on the battlefield" trigger heroic?
In Catan, can players negotiate a trade when it's not their turn?
In Catan, can you continue a "circular" road?
What, generally, happens to card prices when a new set is released?
Catan - Mixing German base game with English extensions and expansions
Mascarade - When must you swap your card?
Name of a card trading game
MTG Increasing Vengence and swerve infinite combo?
Will a copy of a flashed-back Increasing Vengeance still make two copies?
Do spells targeting Daring Thief follow it after control is exchanged?
What are the characteristics of a flip card in my library?
How many attacks do Eternal Guard have?
how does Argothian Enchantress interact with Sasaya, Orochi Ascendant?
Can you get actions in another players turn with Hidden Ninja and Chronomage?
May I play only one Tenacious Z or all of them from discard pile in my turn?
Best way to solve vassal module version conflicts issues
point buy TCG CCG deck building mechanics
What are some common tactics to make runs against servers with unrezzed ICE in Netrunner?
How often does the standard set change?
Can you place landmarks in lake?
Can a solo game be converted into a cooperative game (and vice versa)?
What are the original 16 base cards in Smash Up?
What are the rules for Dragonflights in the WoW TCG?
Do I need Magic Wisdom to defeat the Spectre in Pathfinder ACG?
When does the Collapsed Ceiling deal damage?
Catching an illegal move too late in Castles of Burgundy
When do you reveal the top card of your library with Courser of Kruphix and scry lands?
Are there 5/5 Beast Token cards?
How many players realistically possible in Pandemic Board Game 2nd edition
Do you get change from cards in Ascension?
What are the primary enhancements Cities and Knights and Seafarer's add on to the original Settler's of Catan?
Does Avacyn, Angel of Hope's ability continue to work even if tapped?
How to win 2 player Pandemic as Quarantine Specialist and Contingency Planner
Are "permanently" gained abilities copiable?
Can I transform Skinshifter twice in one turn?
Can negative toughness effects kill a creature?
is there card game prototyping platform to track, change, print?
Would Guttersnipe plus a cyphered card result in an infinite loop of damage?
Storage for Eldritch Horror
Unearth and Return-to-Hand costs
Does Athreos work on countered or discarded creatures?
How does Diver movement work in forbidden island?
Can non-creature permanents have +1/+1 counters?
Are there any Xanathar Strategies for Skullport
Improve the Power of creatures in the graveyard?
Permanent +1/+1, and −1/−1 until end of turn
WH/40k - The age-old instant death and multiwound models question
Can you dredge twice for one card draw?
Creating A Board Game
Is there a standard way to number the faces of a 20-sided die?
What does Will of the Council do with 2 Players?
Mana Ramp for White and Blue?
Mansions of Madness, Custom Scenarios: where to start?
Do I draw a card if I enchant an opponent's Eidolon of Blossoms with Hypnotic Siren?
How to make a hexagonal board?
How does Humility affect Bestowable creatures?
Can I activate mana abilities even if I don't need the mana?
What is Ol' George's Nail Wail?
Do spells continue to use hand(s) on following rounds of combat?
Deciding when to vote for team approval when people are disagreeing.
Is anyone aware of any score keeping apps (BB10 or Android) that can keep track of score (including extra meta-data)?
Can you move your keeper with creepers using the teleport card?
How does Humility affect creatures with an Echo cost?
Pharika's Mender, Gray Merchant of Asphodel, Rescue From The Underworld
Grave Betrayal vs. Blightsteel Colossus
Why might a leader propose a team they don't plan to approve?
Should you reveal who was a spy and who wasn't at the end of a game?
In Smash Up, is the Zeppelin action ongoing?
If I respond to a permanent resolving is it in play when my spell/ability resolves?
Can I tap a card after I assign it to block?
Dance with Dragons: Margaery Tyrell vs. Mance Rayder
Does double strike work whilst blocking?
Does the order that cards are played have any effect? (Specifically poison)
Crypt Incursion stack help
Why is Sword of Body and Mind regarded as the weakest of the Swords?
Platinum Emperion and Tree of Redemption
What are desirable planeswalker characteristics?
Reverse the Sands and Sanguine Bond
Tyr's Hand - Rule Check
Questionable borders on seazone 3
Are you allowed to play Blackjack on your own with one hand?
What is this game called?
Are there online tools to solve card-based puzzles?
Vastwood hydra + Cathars' Crusade + Mercy Killing
Help identify old advertising card game
Do crew receiving a better offer bring their gear with them?
What kind of action is selling cargo and contraband to a solid contact?
Pyxis of Pandemonium and 'enters the battlefield' abilities
Relic - Activated Corruption Cards and discarding
How to understand the given Preferans puzzle solution?
How does Swindler interact with Spoils (or other cards not in supply)?
How do you run a short multiplayer Conspiracy draft tournament?
Can Grave Betrayal give me a Mutavault?
What happens when I redirect multiple large sources of damage through the en-Kor ability to Mogg Maniac?
If partner opens and I have 7 in a suit, do I go to game?
When does the parasite lose its power?
Are There Any Good Tools For Developing CCG Or Other Card Games?
What card should I play when my partner has bid nil and I can't follow suit but do have Spades?
Does "next" in line-of-succession mean "first remaining" in line-of-succession?
Beast combat in Scenario 19 (The Beastmaster)
Speeding up complicated games by limiting player interaction
Wall of Frost vs a cyphered Hidden Strings
Stifling a storm card
Cards entering the battlefield simultaneously and "Enter the Battlefield" effects
The Nexus - when does its ability resolve?
When is Dúnhere considered to be attacking alone?
Can I activate the tap ability of a creature summoned last turn before I have to remove it to my hand?
Drawing and going first
How should I start with HeroClix?
Are there any dice games you can play with a standard 7-die set?
Abilities that need a name and unnamed tokens
Clocking Android Netrunner
In Pandante, why is the fine for a failed challenge against a player telling the truth multiplied by the total number of players?
When playing Phase 10 with 2 or more players, how do we conclude the hand?
What are some of the different interactions with empty remote servers in Android: Netrunner?
How To Play Coup: The Resistance with more than one set of cards?
Which is authoritative: Ban List or Gatherer?
Hex board game strategy
Player with the Stinkiest Armpits
How is Test of Faith resolved with multiple blockers?
Forbidden Island: Can the navigator move another player 4 tiles for 2 actions / 6 for 3?
Purpose of needing 12 swords in Camelot to trigger end of game with no Traitor
How do you score 5,5,5,5 in-hand with a non-ten, non-face card turned up?
Can a red spell (Sorcery, Instant, etc) affect a green creature?
Celestial Flare Question declaring blockers
Do gods keep their +1/+1 counters if they stop being creatures?
Why would I want to use the activated ability of "Scalding Tarn"?
When do transformed creatures go back to their original forms?
If the Warlord destroys a player's eighth district, does the game still end?
Are expansion sets in magic designed for use with specific deck archetypes?
Does a +1/+1 counter remove a -1/-1 counter?
When do static bonuses go away relative to damage dealt?
Could Cemetery Puca copy a Primordial Hydra?
In Sorry!, do you have to move past safety zone or forfeit turn?
In Android: Netrunner, can the Shaper event Scavenge install the program that was trashed to pay for it?
Will Yixlid Jailer negate Snapcaster Mage's flashback-giving ability?
Priorities at End of Turn
For one who likes trading games like monopoly what's the closest 2-player game with similar dynamics?
Name and rules of Japanese card game
What if there are two paths connecting to the gold in Saboteur 2?
What happens when a promoted cell that makes a capturing move is at the king-row, and there are capturing moves available?
40k - Ork Mob Rule vs Psychic Shriek
What's the name of the theory that the player with the most options has the advantage?
What is it about Twilight Struggle that keeps it so consistently highly rated on BGG?
Can Band of Misfits be played as a reaction card?
Munchkin Booty: is there a time limit for "Not so fast me bucko"
What is this game with Knights and Ogres and wolf riders I played when I was a kid?
Do MTG Core sets contain new (never before seen) cards? How does this compare with expansion sets?
Challenging an Ambassador Exchange
Is the card "Outshine Them All" from the MLP CCG useless?
Correct use of Bonus cards in Terra Mystica
Do creatures come into play tapped if they come into play at the same time as a card which says "Creatures come into play tapped"?
Engineers end of game victory point stronghold
6 power favor tile Town/Culture benefit order
When a card asks you to flip a coin is it against the rules to use a two headed coin?
In Android: Netrunner, is there a bias towards a particular sub-type of ICE in corp decks?
In Pandemic, when does the discard-over-7-cards rule take effect?
Dictate of Erebos and Undercity Informer stack question
Where can I find the rules for the Roc Pattern Storm Eagle?
Forests you control vs Forests in play
Which has to be declared first: Marklights or Jink?
Is there any complete downloadable Pokémon TCG text database?
When is my earliest opportunity to destroy a creature I couldn't counter?
Elimination when a player loses all herds, but still has a Chupacabra
In multiplayer, does Dictate of Erebos still take effect if the combat that kills its owner's creature defeats the owner?
Monopoly hotel sell to pay debt to opponent
What's the name of the type of expansion set "packs" that MTG players can buy at release events?
Will Aegis of the Gods negate my opponent's Erebos, God of the Dead for me?
How many different right-handed Power Swords are there on the sprues of the Space Marines?
In Pandemic: on the brink, can I remove multiple bioterrorist cubes at once for a cured strain?
What energy type does poison use and does it stack?
How high do transfer bids (to 1NT) go?
A Couple of Hearts Probabilities
Can I use Plaxcaster Frogling to temporarily shut off Species Gorger's ability?
How does the wording "for each" work?
How can I keep track of which outbreaks I've resolved?
Pandemonium and Muscle Sliver
Is it possible to get 3 success markers on an unopposed story?
What is this game, played with chess board and pieces, but with totally different rules?
Chess: Move 2 pawns one space each as first move
Why are Tabernacle at Pendrell Vale and Pendrell Mists worded differently?
Does Phantasmal Bear get sacrificed if its affected by spells or abilities that don't say 'target'?
Does "Destroy all creatures with power 4 or greater" also affect *my* creatures?
Can you sacrifice a creature that's in the middle of an attack?
Is there a Standard card similar to Debt to the Deathless?
Do creatures summoned by a Planeswalker have summoning sickness?
Two Rooms and a Boom with few players
Can one use a Wordly Tutor to fetch Nylea, God of the Hunt
Does Deserter's Quarters get overriden by Horizon Boughs?
Does Prophet of Kruphix apply to Planeswalker abilities that create creatures?
After being drawn into a gate during an Encounter, do you have an Other World encounter in the same turn?
Double after a pre-empt?
Can you ron with these hands?
How do I determine my monster's hit points?
Exalted trigger timing
Proper use of Stations - and how to convince others
What's the technical term for the period of time between when an opponent concludes their turn and mine begins?
Using Copycat with one-shot abilities
Peaceful cave too good to be true?
The Resistance doesn't work when resistance members don't care about losing
Bridge: Usage of the stop card
Are Magic: the Gathering Conspiracy cards colorless?
Three player mahjong: scoring clarifications
Three player mahjong: 5 bamboo variation
Three player mahjong: flower as dora
Can Shapesharer copy an enters the battlefield ability, like Stoneforge Mystic's?
Forced Response to a Convenient Minor Opening?
Does the Traitor automatically get all items that a dead Hero had?
New Bridge Partner and Etiquette
Is there a limit to the number of special lands I can put in my deck, like the Temples?
How the forced capture rule works with crowned pieces( in international checkers or...)
"A player must capture as many pieces as possible." What happens if he doesn't?
In Takenoko, when rain falls on a segment that has the fertilizer improvement, how much does the bamboo grow?
Chess: Efficient training for recreational players
When an explorer lands in a barrier room from above, which side do they end up on?
When does Heroic trigger?
Single player variant of pandemic?
Do I need On The Brink to play In The Lab?
Moving the Gardener/Panda 'in a straight line' in Takenoko
Multiple stack abilities and casting spells in that time
Phyrexian unlife and life gain
Which effect takes precedence?
Bizzaro Playing Cards
Does an item effect still occur if you go insanse/unconscious using it?
Do you replace tokens moved to the Trade Route mat?
How Is the Magic Core Set 2015 "Deck Builder's Toolkit" Different From Other Core Set Offerings With Respect To Cards?
How does Athreos, God of Passage respond to creature tokens?
You have to discard, but have no cards in your hand
polymorphist's jest and emrakul
Are +1/+1 counters different from +1/+1 effects?
Small World, what does "permanently discard" mean?
Pandemic's difficulty seems to rest on the placement of the first epidemic card in the deck
What color are Nissa, Worldwaker's lands?
Do you move a surveyor when they are already on the westmost tile?
Are 'tiles' that are part of the coastline counted when scoring?
Dominion remodel card -can I trash a card already played?
Mythos Card Resolution During Setup
If you block an attack, can the blocker be killed with an instant before you can sacrifice it?
In Citadels, when do characters get the extra gold from their colour?
Where can I find a copy of Betrayal at House on the Hill
Should I have made a takeout double in the situation?
What is a "Dual-Color OW Battle"?
Can you place two Buddha statues on the same turn?
Does an increase in monster Toughness also mean an increase in monster trophy value?
What happens when a creature with "Whenever a creature dies" dies simultaneously with multiple other creatures?
Bob win conditions with Machine Gun
Help Identify this game: place wooden barriers try to get across
Athreos, God of Passage and Gift of Immortality
Will Eidolon of Rhetoric also prevent Cipher from working in the same turn as another spell?
Is there an easy way I can tell if a MTG card is "rare" just by looking at it?
Are there specific names for the signature images in the Ravnica guilds?
Will clone effects copy extra abilities applied to a creature? If not, why does Twinflame work?
What effect do Strionic Resonator and Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger have together?
Does heroic trigger when the creature is in a graveyard?
Lost in the Crystal Caves - Solve Step Order
What happens to "usable once only" cards when Illusion is played?
Is it impossible to get the gold medal in Duke Landwalker scenario?
What should you do if the surplus worker level limit is exceeded?
Mafia-type game which a secret message is communicated
Why is this type of hesitation considered unethical?
Clarification on "After You..." card text
Can you play base-game Claustrophobia scenarios with De Profundis included?
Bang! New Identity Health
Where can I find statistics on good/evil wins for the Resistance:Avalon for different role setups?
How to count non fully walled territory?
Are there other sources of suggested sets?
Can I buy a development card in the special building phase?
sacred mesa and activated abilities between untap and upkeep
settlers of catan expansion: Can I trade with the bank during the special building phase?
Are there any known "available for purchase" life spans for expansions for Android Netrunner?
What happens if 2 separate abilities require you to sacrifice a creature?
Is there a mechanism to bring Mordheim characters into Fantasy?
Sacrifice help With MTG
When is a battalion trigger considered "missed" at Competitive REL?
Do abilities that trigger when a card is turned face up trigger when that card is in exile?
What can I do if I still do not understand an interaction from a DCI online test?
In what order do single spells or abilities that target multiple targets trigger?
Can Act of Treason allow a Detained creature to attack?
Can an Investigator use a skill token when attempting a luck check?
Can fire spread to rooms that are connected via a ladder?
Does attempting a puzzle require a movement point or an action point?
Can Harvey Walters solve the final rune puzzle with his special ability?
Smash Up: Microbot Fixer + Microbot Alpha
Should you overcall with a (slightly) weaker hand if it is more "disruptive?"
Can I activate a tap ability multiple times, though on different turns?
Enchant artifact used to enchant Artifact creature
What happens when creature has two mutually exclusive restrictions on what can block them?
What do I say when an opponent asks if I'm "tapped out", especially if I still have a means of casting a spell?
Does Phytotitan return to the battlefield when it first died and then was exiled?
Can you play an instant (airlift) to move quarantine specialist prevent infection after the infection card has been drawn?
Why do dwarves only have a racial base of 3 tokens?
Do +1/+1 counters accumulate?
How can I quickly estimate my level in go by playing against a computer/tablet?
What to consider when naming decks
What is a proper bidding sequence after a "weak 2" bid?
Generator Servent with Nemesis of Mortals
What game does this die belong to?
Why would I want negative effects?
Can Cancel counter a creature on the battlefield?
roulette (changed rules) skill or luck?
Old WW2 game played with cards instead of a board
order of attack and blocking with a creature with modifying other creature's ability
Is there a real disadvantage for the player kicking off step two in power grid?
Do you find that with the Dragon Expansion characters more powerful?
How can make a balanced equipment deck with seasons 1 and 2, and TCM?
Can I pocket and cover the Queen in a single strike and win?
Do cards with abilities that target trigger heroic?
Are there times when a hand with a seven card suit is too strong for a three level pre-empt?
Munchkins Ruling of destroy item with highest bonus
In Battlestar Galatica Pegasus expansion, does the cylon team win if the cylon leader wins?
Remove bestow target, does it become a creature?
Can you untap an attacking creature to use its ability at the end of declare blockers?
In MTG, when sacrificing another player's creature, who performs the discard into the graveyard?
How should we be keeping track of secret doors?
Can I play a Sorcery or Instant without paying its mana cost, in any way?
What happens if you submit orders for another player?
Can I move someone else's dolphin?
Will Exquisite Blood trigger even if the life loss eliminates the player
What are good ways to learn to "read" a sequence of moves mentally?
Do strong Go players play simuls, like in chess? Do they ever play blindfolded?
Discard pile should face up or down?
Running an introductory bridge lesson
What game is this die from?
How should I determine whether a deck is legal in a particular format?
When can you take commodities out of the warehouse?
How do you pronounce "Hacan" in Twilight Imperium?
Order of actions in Ascension
civ 2 tech writing
Fire and warehouses
Is there a site to play Go online against a computer?
how to find that 8 number puzzle is solvable or not?
How many counters does Kalonian Hydra get with two Corpsejack Menaces on the battlefield?
Can more lands be tapped for mana than needed?
Can neutral cards be used as a resource?
Card game for children
Do I get to keep the 2nd Kalonian Twingrove when I got it via a Mimic Vat?
Are there hands that should be opened at the one level in first or second seat, and with a "weak two" opposite a passing partner?
Is it worthwhile to build a competive Standard M15 deck when a block is about to rotate out?
Do multiple Archetypes work together?
Animated Urborg and Humility
How do I identify the role of a singleton in a well-tuned deck?
Stealing and Phasing
How does the last turn of an epoch run in Priests of Ra?
Does the "Urgent wish for children" card in Caverna allow construction of all types of dwellings?
How should I set up a draft from multiple old sets?
Is War actually a game?
In bridge, are the two "equal vulnerabilities" basically equal?
International Checkers - winning strategy for 3 [4] kings vs 1 king
Pathfinder ACG: When do I use the Character Add-On cards?
Is it always better to play a knight immediately?
Which Game of Thrones LCG house/expansions best reflect a play style similar to 'blue' decks in MTG?
What tactics should Baron Blade use in the Power Splicing scenario?
Can a disease be eradicated at the beginning of the game?
How do you play a solo game of Steve Jackson Games' Car Wars?
Do troublemakers prevent single problem faceoffs?
King of Tokyo: When can you buy a card and when can you start to use them?
How do I deal with or avoid a full map?
Can Teysa, Orzhov Scion sacrifice itself and still use its 2nd ability?
Identify board game on 4x4 board with 8 black and 8 white pieces
Can you raise a one bid with only two "filler" honors in a suit?
In Pandemic, can yellow infect black, after black has been eradicated?
Collect cards for beginner deck
Is it ever a good strategy to discard cards in Race for the Galaxy?
Do I lose the "High" or "Dark" modifer if I gain a race?
Does a heroic trigger still resolve if the heroic creature is gone?
Odd Monopoly situation: rolling doubles to get out of jail is ALSO third double in a row!
Can I play on other people's buildings in Belfort?
Brokering three-party deals in Bohnanza
Can You Create Free Rent Agreements in Monopoly
Do creatures who come into play tapped have summoning sickness?
Is buying older power plants than what you have disallowed?
Are the odds of drawing mythics greater when purchasing individually packaged boosters over booster boxes?
Settlers Of Catan - discarding cards when rolling 7
Risk - Play by mail/email
How do I make Home Builders more fun?
Use of the special power "Diplomat" against another player not yet entered the game in Smallworld
Did this player need to draw?
Effect of Blood Feud
In King of Tokyo, can you get more than 1 evolution per turn?
When playing the Rumble in the South variant, what adjustments should be made to the neutral forts?
What happens if I play Cloudshift during combat?
Does destroying a server mean the run is unsuccessful?
Modernising a 90s Warhammer 40K Army
Whats a good house rule to give the Rogue a chance at winning Dungeon?
What's a fair handicap?
Summoning Beast King Barbaros with Majesty's Fiend on the field
Is the "snake" turn order for Blokus fairer than the traditional turn order?
When a creature is summoned but still on the stack is it considered a permanent?
Minimizing Agricola setup/clean up time
How common are offensive words in tournament Scrabble play?
Does Grindclock's counter reset when it's activated?
Do multiple Gray Merchant of Asphodels trigger each others' enters-the-battlefield effects?
What is the best way to describe the turn order in Puerto Rico?
What happens to companions when a player dies?
Does exiling a creature after it has been destroyed or dealt lethal damage still count as if it "died"?
When would I play a Quickling?
Possible to play 2x2 with 1 core set and data pack in Netrunner?
How can I keep track of my sideboarded cards in a physical Magic deck?
Exciting skirmish: a family versus a shovel. Who wins?
What happens to counters on a creature when the equipment that put them there is exiled?
What happens if a player has 5 cards and forgets to exchange them in Risk?
How to build MtG duel decks out of a set of older cards?
What happens to a creature enchanted with totem armor if both are destroyed at the same time?
If a single effect would destroy a permanent multiple times, can regeneration replace it?
What is the expansion symbol of Face the Hydra set?
Stalling/Slow Play and Control
Engineers : only 3 bridges
4-4 high approach joseki incomplete?
In what order should I present the basics of Magic?
Is there a paid ability window before the runner can jack out after the last subroutine executes on a piece of ice?
When can I destroy a room?
What are these games?
What happens when Fate Cards become Expendable in Ivory Edition?
7 wonders: copying science
Will Boartusk Liege give +1/+1 to Goblins if Dralnu's Crusade is in play?
Can you trump the first trick in Spades?
How do I identify non-English Magic cards?
Is it now a good time to buy rotating Magic Cards?
Does monetary loss to everyone not affect your partner?
Can a single Myr Servitor save itself when sacrificed to Eldrazi Monument?
Why did Experiment One not get a counter when my Undying creature returned to play?
Can ionised ships return fire?
Aspasia and Abu Simbel
How many times per turn can a thief steal?
How should I teach someone new to spades how to bid?
7 wonders: builder's chambers
Do deathtouch and deathtouch-like effects stop trample damage?
Munchkin: card attributes in the event of helping another player
Polymorphous Rush targeting Young Pyromancer and X Tokens
Do any card games use the tarot trumps (Judgement, The Chariot) in any interesting ways?
Is there fan-made version of gbc-version exclusive pokemon cards?
Must a Boss use their Level Up ability?
What is this game with 16 pegs and 36 spools to fit on them?
Would stealing control of my opponent's commander with Control Magic and killing it let me maintain control of it?
What version of rummy is this?
Will Repercussion deal damage to a controller beyond a creature's toughness?
Is the medallion being used in Haunt N21?
Gaining control of a creature while an Aura targeting it is on the stack
Why is Morph not considered an ability?
Can players use cards from a core set in a Block Constructed tournament?
Can I spend all my life points to draw cards?
Where can I buy Magic: The Gathering cards?
Does killing a face-down morph trigger the death triggers printed on the card?
Is checkers just tactics?
How does Gideon, Champion of Justice's ability work?
Are players required to make conquests on their turn?
Bloodbowl - throw a rock, roll for injury or casualty?
How do I know what cards or sets are legal to play with?
Wagon movement on completion of a feature
Where are official changes announced by Wizard?
What's the most intuitive way to use a die for a pass/fail test?
Is there an official rule on "setting up" your deck before play?
Bang the bullet - Barrel
Ghost Town - Do abilities of the characters still count?
Is it possible to determine the exact probability of getting a card in a pack?
What stategy should I use when playing as the engineers?
Can you play a new player game of Carcassonne w/o farms?
Checkers (Draughts) Capture all pieces in 1 move
How to build decks with cards not present in my MTG Online collection
Is older MTG Online client not supported any more?
How does Death-blow work in Warhammer Quest?
Ecplise - Population Cubes full on return
Can a Dragon Mage wear magic armour?
Playing Pathfinder ACG with all adventure deck cards in early scenarios
Can you destroy your own starbases?
How can I remove a Darksteel Citadel animated by Nissa, Worldwaker?
How does Rageblood Shaman's ability work?
Can you Rez an upgrade during a run? And when?
Are there any resources available for building custom battle decks?
Which programs can break subroutines on a trap?
In Twilight Struggle, can I place influence in countries that border my superpower?
How many times can Proxima Cenatauri Scholars use its owner benefit?
Do "enter the battlefield" abilities trigger heroic? Do creatures that leave and reenter the battlefield trigger again?
Can I use tokens and basic lands from outside my format?
Can I use Mirror Strike on Ink-treader Nephilim when it's not attacking?
If a chariot dies, does the character die also?
Can a unit join another unit if they are the same type of unit?
What mana fixing should I use in Khans of Tarkir Sealed Format?
Are there cards which work differently on Ink-Treader Nephilim depending on who controls it?
Looking for a specific playmat
Can my opponent and I decide on a victory condition to avoid a draw?
Can units join a character in combat?
Can Ink Treader Nephilim's Electrolyze copies target players?
Do summoned units count towards victory points?
Can I use a program run ability (eg: Sneakdoor Beta) and an run event card (eg: Account Siphon) for the same run?
Who does the Runner pay if a piece if ICE states "runner... pays X Credits"?
Takenoko: What happens if you draw a card that has an existing pattern in the garden?
What effect does Coat of Arms have on face-down creatures?
Resolving triggered abilities
Mah Jongg Betting Rules
Can my opponent really have no benched pokemon, even with a Pyroar?
Differences between Axis and Allies 1941 and classic edition
What scale are Warhammer Fantasy models?
Why do some decks run only one of a card?
Pokemon damage multiplied
Can you cast a creature with Bestow while you control a Steel Golem?
What happens if I have two Pledges of Loyalty attached to a creature?
Order of multiple triggered abilities
Dwarf giant slayers and runic weapons
Ursaring Adrenalash clarification
Game for 140 people
Do you need more to "pre-empt" with a major, than a minor suit?
Is a noble permanently yours once he's visited you in Splendor?
Benefits of not equipping skeletons with spears?
Necromancer mounting corpse cart pricing?
7 wonders Babel and Armada
Statistics on a booster pack (to make my own re-packs)
Does Sarkhan, the Dragonspeaker's first ability trigger "enters the battlefield" effects?
Can invocation of nehek heal a lone character?
Invocation of nehek and swarms?
Charging a unit with no space?
What happens to cards cast from exile?
The charged unit dies before combat
Are there any games with handicaps/imbalancing?
Connect 4 with 2 slots name?
Magic the gathering deck foundation
Why do some players get starting trade goods in 7 player TI3?
What does "each other player" mean on Unwinding Clock?
Does "other" refer to that particular instance or all cards of the same name?
Fakir/Dwarf ability
Can we extend the game by playing Multiple Boards At Once?
Model positioning during multiple close combats after removing models
Mystery cards in Magic 2015 card list
When should I get rid of the queen of spades in Hearts?
Is Ticket To Ride Asia played with stations?
What deck should be used for a beginner in Netrunner
When a creature dies and later returns to the battlefield, does it keep +1/+1 counters?
Handling dwindling supplies in Splendor
Translation Software
Putting cards into your hand while the top of library is revealed
Does Soul Link give life twice in combat and fighting?
Does Alien Fuel Refinery count as having a trade power in Race for the Galaxy?
Custom boards for Eclipse
If face down permanents have no abilities, why are they affected by "loses all abilities"?
Is the extra attack from frenzy on the profile of the Vargheist?
Does the event on CIA Created* have a one-time effect or last the duration of the turn?
Does a Junta during the Cuban Missile Crisis end the game?
What makes a cooperative game require multiple players?
Does Defectors do anything when triggered by Five-Year Plan
Must a player disclose what deck they are using before play?
How to apply the ko rule (Go)
Rune of spellbreaking on multiple runelords
Can characters be summoned into a unit?
When is the game state checked for "Whenever you cast [...]" triggers?
How much mana does Radiant Fountain provide when tapped?
Predator's Rapport and counters
Was a larger version of Chitin I: The Harvest Wars ever released?
4-4 high approach joseki question
Duration cards in Dominion - Seaside - Are they your 1st action of your next turn?
bridge penalties
Can I tap Sliver Hive to pay for Hive Stirrings?
Can Legion's Initiative save permanents from Bearer of Heavens's destruction ability?
Close combat after a rank is removed from an attack on any flank
Changing player turn order
Can you confirm these DEFCON verbs for Twilight Struggle?
Am I understanding the China Card right in Twilight Struggle?
Forbidden Desert: Valid Navigator and Climber combo to save two buried players for one action?
Are there any restrictions to the number of weapons a survivor can equip?
Does a Geologist get their gold if they're locked up?
If too many players wins the game, can the Boss and Profiteer win no gold?
What should be used to represent creature tokens when the printed token card isn't available?
Can I use an ability granted to a land by an aura immediately?
What happens if I play Quagmire/Bear Trap on myself on AR 7?
How to find people to play Magic the gathering with?
Which battleforce should I buy as a newbie player?
Does Hardened Scales trigger when +1/+1 counter are moved from one permanent to another?
Looking for a board game
Bang! Calamity Janet and the High Noon Expansion
Will infinite loops still force a draw if I have a way to end them?
Does Standard Type 2 Rules applies for lands? MTG
What happens when a double-sided card is returned to the battlefield or a copy of it appears?
What happens when I use Feast on the Fallen on Bloodcrazed Hoplite?
How does selling buildings and bankruptcy work in Monopoly?
How does Dig Through Time work with Courser of Kruphix?
Leading from the wrong (nondummy) hand in bridge
Does Republic of Rome usually generate one or more wars per turn, leading to a loss even when cooperating?
Building Limit in Lords or Waterdeep
South African Unrest clarification
Losing Control of Bestowed Enchantment Creatures
Mimic Vat and Exiling
Can I put any ranged weapon on a Crisis Battlesuit?
Unusual Chinese Checkers Jump?
Why is it called "Chinese Checkers"?
Do -1/-1 counters count as damage?
Will double strike trigger cipher twice?
Does Morphtronic Cameran defense effect negate trap and spell?
Whenever someone casts an enchant on one of my creatures, do I control that enchantment?
Go - How does one count territory in these two scenarios? (9x9)
How many kings is it possible to have on the board at once?
Why can an ability resolve even if I exiled the creature it came from?
Use of race tokens when conquering new regions
Can I activate Sinister Shadow Games if I have no Shaddolls in my main deck?
Sinister Shadow Games and Dimensional Fissure
Damage dealt by creatures and the order of damage
When turning in a mission, do you have to be on the mission hex to complete a mission, or is anywhere in the system acceptable?
Can you purchase a ship to win your final Fame Point?
Can you store cargo on your outfit's "unused" spaces?
Can the Swamp Rat's special ability be used to end combat?
Can you play a spell on your opponents turn?
Can Sid Meier's Civilization (2010) be played cooperatively?
How do I promote a board game to the masses?
Does Kill Shot-ing a morph during combat prevent damage?
Does the Strive mechanic give the opportunity to cast the spell multiple times, or just have multiple targets?
How does Imprinting and the affinity work together?
Poker hand probabilities in Doomtown:Reloaded
Ultimate Werewolf Deluxe Edition vs One Night Ultimate Werewolf
Checking a +1/+1 counter requirement
What happens if you go bankrupt trying to pay the bank?
If Anger of the Gods kills a creature, does it still trigger death effects?
Does a daikaiju kill off a player if it appears next to them?
What is your overall Yahtzee strategy?
How to use an existing game legally for inspiration?
Are there Magic cards that counter activated abilities?
Which enchantments allow tapping a creature to inflict direct damage?
Cards changing mana color
Solution to Avalon board game
Talisman - Do war horse effects stack?
Does immediately ending the turn cause mana burn?
Which cards feature direct manipulation of counter types on permanents?
mice and mystics rules clarification
Will Awakening let me tap all my lands and get them immediately untapped?
Can Nisei MK II Be Used During an Ice Encounter?
Engines that play Mangala?
Does a copy of your commander count as your "Commander"?
Abalone Migration
Where do allies go when they don't have any colonies?
What is the win ratio of spies and resistant in The Resistance?
Dictate of Erebos and Bestowed creatures
Does exiling a morph card face down for the turn bring it back face up?
What happens when more than one creature dies causing a trigger
Is there a way to play Twilight Imperium's "age of empire" variant with Shattered Empire's strategy cards?
Is it possible for an Othello / Reversi game to end without the board being filled?
Kruphix and Omnath, what color is the mana
How do casinos split uneven bet?
Name of empire building game with negotiated alliances?
Llawanor Elves Trampled on desert Oasis. Act of God or Force of Nature?
When resolving Extract, do I need to know what card I'm looking for?
Clone-ing a Vesuvan Doppelganger
Can you "steal" if the last piece lands in the hole it came from?
Enchantment and other continuous effects priority
How does the four card limit work?
When discarding the card in the Love Letter, is it mandatory to show the card you had?
How to approach a game of Othello / Reversi game?
Does discarding a Race or Class card at "any time" apply to both your hand and cards in play?
Rules for giving away "big item" if you do not have 1000 gold pieces of items to sell
Is giving away items as bribes to other players restricted to table cards?
Rules for bribes when "Asking For Help" in turn vs bribing outside of a turn
When is Ferocious checked?
Can I attack a player directly if they still have a flying defender?
Does doubling counters trigger Hardened Scales?
End of Times Summoning Spells
Can Fog Bank be killed by combat damage?
If both players are killed at the same time, do they both die?
Does John Pain get cards drawn at the beginning of a player's turn or from Stage Coach and Wells Fargo?
In what zone do the lingering effects of spells reside?
Is putting multiple counters onto a target an atomic action?
Do opposite counters coexist or cancel each other out?
When to discard with Oasis
Does the attack or defender decide the order of damage assignment to blockers?
Limits to cities of a given resource in Antike Duellum?
Splitting Movement and Power Tokens
Why would you not move pawn two spaces during first move in chess?
If you help someone in combat and you lose, do you both get the 'bad stuff'
What are the password requirements for the new Planewalker points system?
What are some options on using the blank cards in the The Gathering Storm Expansion?
What are common strategies for beating the robot in Race For The Galaxy?
Does the robot's 6-cost development counters count towards Galactic Federation?
4-4 high approach - why is the defensive approach prefered?
Splitting Movement and Support
Different backgammon variation name
Do Monstrous Creatures still only have AP6 when using Scything Talons?
In Scarborough Fair, how is the length of a path defined?
Trading item cards to another player that already has 5
Must a "target creature" be on the battlefield?
When taking damage to an outfit, does damaging an arming space also apply a -1 to the outfit's die?
Why can the activated ability of Genju of the Fields stack multiple times?
Will an object trigger if the source is sacrificed to pay a cost?
"Counter target ability from a [quality] source" -- changing [quality]?
Can Skullcrack's damage be prevented?
What happens if I must attack with two creatures, but am only allowed to attack with one?
Are spells mostly a dubious strategy in Quarriors?
Reforming to gain extra rank in close combat
Would I level up if I "automatically defeated" a monster but someone wandered in a monster that killed me afterwards?
Can Axis and Allies be played with two players, and does it require all countries to be picked?
Can I sacrifice a creature that I lost control of after activating its ability?
How exactly does Extort ability work?
Two players have a straight to the 8
Can a Guildgate be tapped for colorless?
Is a countered flashback spell exiled?
Can I use a card from Eighth Edition in Modern Format?
What happens when a card with undying dies that has a +1/+1 counter put on it by something other that undying?
What happens when a Jace, the Mind Sculptor is played in an unspecific format?
What happens if I have two different cards that give me an extra turn after this one?
What happens when two players both play Control Magic on the same creature?
Don't the Planeswalkers in Commander 2014 that say they can be your Commander contradict the fact the Commanders have to be legendary creatures?
Are lands colorless?
What is the "Timeshifted" rarity?
Are activated abilities only abilities with mana costs?
Is there a reasonable suit preference signal on this lead?
How many Auras can enchant one Creature?
Conditions about returning Chandra's Phoenix in one's hand
Exiling Creatures: When is the card face up and when face down?
What is the ability Flash about?
Is your commander still a "commander" if it gets turned face down?
Do destination cards have to be completed in a particular direction?
Can the Allies win this game, given that Russia is falling?
Do I gain life if a creature I control with lifelink deals damage to another creature or player?
Is there a good place to keep updated on Carcassonne News?
Random targeting and protection
Commander status as hidden information
For Goblin Grenade can you sacrifice a creature that attacked?
Must you decide to activate shields before entering a nebula or asteroid field?
Can the robot play duplicate developments in solo-play?
Should spiderines be allowed in 'A Dig Too Far?'
How does Necromantic Selection work with Adarkar Valkyrie?
How does the medic work in Pandemic - In the lab once a disease is cured?
What happens after using Spinal Embrace on a Theros God?
In Axis and Allies, do infantry units start at the industrial complex or anywhere I want?
Can I always sacrifice a permanent whenever I want, without anything telling me to do so?
Various questions about Karametra's Favor
Are there any consequences, if you cannot block Loathsome Catoblepas?
Couple questions related to Weight of the Underworld
When a Creature dies, does the Enchantment Creature attached to that Creature go in the graveyard?
What are the dependencies of the Werewolf games expansions?
What's the most effective storage solution for x-wing to keep bases, dials and templates next to ships?
Damage to player when activating Flying ability after 'Declare Blockers' step
"Dead Rubber" definitive etymology
Bridges, Castles and Bazaars with Die Belargerer (the Siege)
How are M:TG cards printed in regards to the rarity of each card?
Do I have to play a Dead of Winter event card as soon as I draw it, or can I choose to play it later?
Where can I find a chart or diagram explaining Magic's turn structure?
What do the iPad "End of Times" books contain?
Mission Risk - ambiguous missions
The origin of the color wheel
Does priority matter in Magic?
How do I play a card if it has two colors within the one mana symbol in its cost?
Mishra's Factory - Rarity and Peasant/Pauper Legality
In what kind of deck is Aether Vial good?
Tarot card game strategies
First things to learn about semeai?
Can you use Haunted Plate Mail as a Spirit ONLY when it hangs around all alone on the battlefield?
Does Ajani's Chosen allow adding creatures from Enchantments played before this card?
Does "an attacking creature" count as "a creature that attacked"?
Mansions of Madness - Loss of Vision
When a spell targeting a creature with heroic gets countered, does heroic still trigger?
Can a tapped creature attack or block?
Can you change the order of cards in a Graveyard?
Can two Creepers be attached to the same Keeper?
What happens in this infinite damage/infect loop?
Can I place settlements on harbors in set-up?
If Nighthowler is attached as an Enchantment to a Creature, what different things can it do?
If a player completes all their routes, are they required to pick up new destination cards even if the game is almost finished?
Casting Autumn Veil in response to opponent targeting my creature
Can Enchantment Creature play its enchanted ability?
What is the meaning of the starting player rules in Tzolk'in?
Protection, damage and Leyline of Punishment
Who draws a card if my opponent has stolen control of Pelakka Wurm when it dies?
Carcassonne Bazaars and other expansions after the bid
Exchanging control of creatures that have since left the battlefield
Help Determining a Card Game w/ 4 Stacks and Hidden Card Bidding
Can I cast an instant in the middle of an ability resolving?
How to make The Tower less of a pain in Carcassonne
How works exactly the bonus tile that gives you '+1 river shipping'
Behavior of Linked Abilities if their Source Object Changes Zones
When something is put into play, who controls it and why?
Is "Fighting" considered "attacking"?
Copying and stealing an EDH Commander?
Counter a Counter. What happens?
Can creatures with summoning sickness be tapped for convoke?
Dan levels: difference between amateur and professional?
Does an equipped creature become an artifact creature?
Double Hardened Scales
Djinn of Infinite Deceits interacting with other control-changing effects
How to score two tiled cities in Carcassonne?
May a player try to hunt again if his cards were sniped?
Is an Enchantment Creature also an Enchanted Creature?
Does the 2nd ability of Teysa, Orzhov Scion trigger with mass destruction?
When you "sacrifice 3 creatures" as a cost, are they sacrificed one at a time?
If I copy a legendary creature, can I activate its ability before the Legend rule takes effect?
Damage Cleanup and Toughness Boosting Effects
Athreos, God of Passage, and Martyr of Sands
Are (un)tapped permanents still legal targets for "(un)tap target permanent" effects?
Cribbage scoring for a run of 4 out of sequence
using real names / images in a board game
Can regenerate save a creature from -X/-X effects?
Can I play against people using Ticket to Ride pocket while I am playing on Ticket to Ride iPad
Source for upcoming rule changes
Bridge-response after intervening bid
What happens when all heroes and elite heroes are dealt in Boss Monster?
Is drawing multiple cards an atomic action?
Gate and monster appear when returning to Arkham from Other world
How does multikicker work?
tap and sacrificing an already tapped land to get it's ability
The Homeworld base
If a commander becomes a colorless forest, is it still a commander?
What does X mean in a spell's cost?
Can my commander ever not be my commander?
Settlers of Catan cities and knights mighty knights maximum numbers
Snakeform and buff ineractions
If a creature loses flying after blockers are declared, is the block still legal?
Does marking a card affect its legality?
Casual trick taking penalties for illegal plays
How to encourage stealing of gifts in a white elephant gift exchange?
Why am I unable to draw cards in Magic 2014?
Warhammer Fantasy Dual Wield Ruling
Ahn'Morpork: Placed to one side
Can Arkham Horror be played with both The King In Yellow herald, and The King in Yellow ancient one?
House rules to speed up Citadels play time?
Can older cards that refer to a player/opponent ever be used on planeswalkers?
Can a card effect make a creature block one that it otherwise could not?
Is it valid to start a game without an open gate?
Trading in two-player games
In Settlers of Catan, if you have unrevealed victory point cards that would make you win, are you forced to declare victory?
Xia: damage on outfits and rolls
Is Mjolnir an Action Die?
1942 Battle Ship Bombardment
How do I handle casting a spell with a cost of X when the casting cost is reduced?
Small go board history
AQ Prince Aaron ability clarification
AQ Hobsbawm ability clarification
Can the Russia no first turn attack rule be realistically extended for more turns?
Necromunda: what happens to plague zombies when they go down?
Winged Dragon of Ra's Attack and Defense Points
duplicate bridge revoke not agreed upon
Which cards are "bombs" in draft?
Can I Advance an Unrezzed Ice in Netrunner?
How do I organise my cards in the Dominion big box insert?
Order of extra actions/minions?
Chandra, Pyromaster's ability and spells with x casting cost
What boardgame comes closest to the computer game Frozen Synapse?
Will casting an aura on a creature with heroic trigger the heroic ability?
When is it worth adding nonbasic land or artifacts to your deck over basic land?
Do continuous effects stack?
I have been out of the MTG loop for the past year and i'm wondering how I can get back in
Should I reopen this hand?
Is there a good tic tac toe strategy for the second player?
When I tap a creature to attack with it, does that also activate abilities that require tapping it?
How to store and organize cards for Magic the Gathering?
Targeting question in regards to illegal target
"Enchantment Creatures" and "Enchanted Creatures"
Combat casualties
Where can I find a Complete Spoiler list of Risk Legacy's packets & pockets?
Does an attacking creature have to deal lethal damage to the blocking creatures before dealing damage to the other blocking creatures?
Koi-Koi : does players score their points in case of tie game?
Blocking with First Strike + Deathtouch
Cards granting emblems
Where do MTG spoilers come from and why are the images low quality?
What does "cannot be countered" mean in MTG?
Unnatural Axe Santa vs. Elf and the Mummy card
What planeswalker cards can be used as commanders in the Commander format?
Diplomacy: What happens when two units attack each other with unequal support?
On playing the Agricola Bielefeld minor improvement called Bielefeld Playing Cards, does it include animals?
How many Magic The Gathering cards have been printed?
Use exactly 36 combinations instead of two dice
What to do with starvation tokens?
How does the graveyard work in citadels?
Pandemic: drawing player cards if already have 7 in hand
Game of thrones house card rules
How do I set language in GoKGS?
If I have so few armies I can't attack any more, do I lose the game?
Can a kinged piece jump another king?
Catan Junior: When drawing the "pirate ghost" Coco (parrot) card to move the ghost, do you recieve resources?
Is there a limit to the number of locomotives used to build a route?
How much mana can I tap per turn?
How many actions can you take per turn?
Goblin Brigand and Norn's Annex
Stuffy Doll blocking 11/11 trampler. Phyrexian Obliterator blocks 11/11 trampler
Does a player have to draw more Destination Tickets when they run out?
Is there any strategic reason to skip a turn to untap Time Vault?
Why are there double paths?
Card game where you're dealt two role cards you keep hidden
How can I store hexagon tiles in a stack?
Does exhausting a card with The Force activate its power?
How do I take advantage of the Japanese Anti-American offense?
Who determines the target creature or player when a card says "deals 1 damage to target creature or player"?
Go software for studying/reviewing sgf games
Where can I find the offical rules to the Dominion promo cards
Are there any turn 1 win decks?
Dealing Damage to Creature soulbonded to Deadeye Navigator
How many counters for each turn for Abzan?
Is accepting new survivors mandatory?
How should I modify Risk to play with 7 persons
Can multiple spells be activated with the same mana?
Is it possible to build a wide variety of decks at low cost? If so, how?
Committing units with a warlord
Looking for a really dizzying boardgame
Using Event Cards to Move off Vine Walls
Can Dash from Fate Reforged be used at instant speed?
please explain how you use the city calendar
Does Babylon's wonder count for scientific structure victory points?
Why do all Go board sizes have an odd number of lines? Why is a 19x19 board so much better than a 20x20 board?
Does the team get points if the word is singular but they guess plural?
Texas hold'em flush Tie or Not?
CGoban 3 doesn't ask for saving a review!
Do you infect the city you are scoring?
Frozen prize pile in canasta when all but one player has only 1 card in hand?
Building settlements over the sea
Can the diver swim around the outside of the island?
Defense to Strong Pass Systems
Does reduced casting cost affect casting of cards with variable casting cost?
Do my games in the GoKGS get deleted after some time?
Does the "Alternate Reality" Crisis require each player to destroy 12 cost worth of Heroes?
When a treasure is recovered do you remove those treasure cards from the deck?
Thrashing Wumpus and Keen Sense
Weird m "placeholder" card
House rules to decrease luck factor in Boxcars
Why is "All that remains" banned from Android: Netrunner World Championships?
Carcassonne city scoring
Count Theft card as card in front on the player
Can I use more than one Theft card
Place road card in between the Treasure cards
Can the road go behind the Treasure Cards
When can the "build a wonder stage for free" tokens be used?
Is the quest leader required to be part of the team?
Forgetting to steal in Settlers of Catan
Enchantment Legal only because of it's Effect. Remains on target?
End of game questions
Seafarers: The Fog Island -- discovering hexes with the Road Building Development Card
Does Essence Scatter affect Artifact Creatures?
How to make cards for a card game?
Final round conflicts in Lancaster
What happens if Humble Defector is sacrificed before its ability resolves?
What are the odds of being dealt particular melds in Double Deck Pinochle?
Would it matter if I mark a Star Realms deck on the front?
Can I activate an ability after part of a spell has resolved? (please read example)
No doom tracker markers when sealing a gate with an Elder Sign
Agricola question about minor improvement and occupation cards
Is Mr. Jack Pocket balanced?
Did Balance change when its wording was changed?
Can you use a Wizard's charm on another player's monster?
How is a gin rummy hand scored if both the knocking and defending player have gin?
How many rules does Magic have?
Can you back out of action?
What's the name of the board game about sailing between islands?
What happens to enchantments that are attached to creatures when the creatures are returned to your hand?
What happens when I deal lethal damage to everyone at the same time?
Are there cards which turn life gain into damage instead?
Bonus Troops in Risk
Does Deathtouch apply to damage dealt via Fall of the Hammer?
Will my opponent lose from his own Plague Spitter enchanted with Soul Link, if the Plague Spitter deals him lethal damage?
Does Marchesa and a creature with modular work together?
Victory conditions with the "Limited Range of Influence" option
Can you force property onto players in Monopoly
How would changing the timing of the "starter" affect strategy/tactics?
Multiple questions about Betrayal at the House on the Hill
Granting Indestructible and the Stack
Is Flesh Allergy combined with Grave Pact counterproductive?
How does PlayDominion´s rating system work?
Where can you post new Dominion card rule suggestions?
Fluxx: Does this person play all cards or does his turn end with new cards in hand?
What is the name of this solitaire variant?
Spell targets player in multiplayer game, and that player leaves. Does it still resolve?
Eldritch Horror test resolutions in other board games
When must one communicate denial of a shortcut?
Proper Sleeve size for Android Netrunner
Can you announce that you are a character not in play in Mascarade
Playing against underestimated player damages my rank at KGS
Trying to understand KGS ranking system: why did my rank drop?
Are Item Finder and Dowsing Machine the same card?
Tsumego problem 899
What happens if you manifest a creature card with morph?
Is there a "consensus" definition of what constitutes a "strong" or "weak" deck?
When you don’t have to move (bonus card), do you pick up your separated assistant or do you have to separate another one?
Villages card game rules
What variations are there on Solo whist?
Do multiple encounters combine for craft?
Can the Mage Wars Warlock be played without any Demon cards?
Terra Mystica - Taking a bonus card with coins on the final turn as an Alchemist
Custom special abilities rules
Do I need to reveal a face-down card if it is put on top of my library?
Character and monster buffing
Can you counter a spell with indestructible?
If I concede with a morph card on the stack, do I have to reveal the card to my opponent?
When is it worth competing to farm fields?
How serious is forgetting my life gain triggered abilities?
Move Animals Between Pens During Harvest
Do Manifested or Morphed creatures count as tokens?
Do wounds carry over between chapters (Mice and Mystics)?
What is a four-wind game called in Japanese mahjong?
Mistake on Josekipedia after probe & invasion on keima shimari?
Solitaire variant: Piles of 3, top moved by value match. Name=?
Are you required to pay all mandatory additional costs for Wild Evocation?
Does Hardened Scales interact with the undying mechanic?
Can you trash Crisium Grid to make the run Successful?
What is the status of Fruitcake elemental?
How do you deal with the edge of the table in tile laying games like Carcassonne
If damaged by another player's Acid Attack, can I cede Tokyo?
In Pandemic can I immediately cure disease to return to the 7 card limit?
Do pre constructed decks refresh standard rotation?
When a permanent has a "When a creature dies" ability, and gets destroyed at the same time as creatures, does that ability trigger?
How does infect step of epidemic interact with mutation?
Thud! - Can the Trolls win?
Why are some decks (i.e. Meandeck Tendrils) not playable in tournaments?
Can I use a creature's ability on my opponent's turn?
Can I turn a manifested card face up during the declare blockers step?
3-3 invasion into 4-4,6-4
Can you shuffle your discard pile?
Triggered abilities from multiple players. Whose resolves first?
Can shootouts happen in the town square?
How do CCGs/LCGs have an ongoing metaplot?
Will a creature cast with Dash still return to your hand if it dies in combat?
Is a player limited to four In-Town Deed cards?
Why did Wizards of the Coast change the minimum deck size for Constructed from 40 to 60 cards?
Does Livewire Lash trigger if a spell is countered by Chalice of the Void
How can I create my own card for my own game?
Tsumego intermediate problem 11 - possible without winning ko two times?
What are all the previous Oracle text revisions for Time Vault?
Am I obligated to identify cards owned by an opponent?
Can I use Hannibal Necromancer's effect to destroy a trap card my opponent just activated?
Crazy 8s rules question
Heroic leader after his unit is eliminated
Fight - can black stones be killed?
Where can I find an opening database of professional games for 9x9 Go?
No leader at end of round 1
Destroying units due to a crisis card
If I use a trainer card that removes damage, can I remove less than that amount of damage?
Does the zombie lord from haunt 21 take damage from a sanity roll?
Strategy for Yahtzee
Failure to take a call for step in Pokemon
What cards give +1/+1 counters to all friendly creatures?
Where can I buy a deck of personalized cards?
Cultists flying mat
Chesscademy exercise: material part 2 - why doesn't this move result in a 2 point material lead?
Munchkin "Shrieking Geek" Bad Stuff
How do major online game stores set Magic: the Gathering card prices?
Are old Magic: the Gathering boosters worth more sealed, or should I open them?
Does declaring victory end your turn?
Delayed and detained
Do Get Out of Jail Free cards "have value"?
How should we setup Settlers of Catan for three players?
When are good times/circumstances to build harbor settlements in Settlers of Catan?
Can the Planeswalker type be removed from permanents?
Didn't Say Uno Before Running Out of Cards
Does "new city" mean a city no other players are infecting?
Why are there multiple copies of figures in Gaming Night Kits
Which "enters the battlefield" effects happen first, cards that are entering, or cards already on the battlefield?
How do other auras interact with Gift of Immortality?
Ultimate Werewolf Good 10-12 Player setups
Does Rageblood Shaman give itself +1/+1?
Do Ascension's small box expansions work well with the other big boxes?
Catan starting strategies -- actual data?
In Star Fluxx, how does the game end with Play all?
AI that plays Quoridor?
Fluxx: Hand limit zero + trade hands
Why is this the solution?
MTG. Using goblin chirurgeon's ability only for sacrifice
Can I play two instants back to back?
When does Chief of the Edge die?
In axis and allies, how are casualties allocated when two allies both defend a single zone?
In small world, can builder ghouls still build castles when they are in decline?
In Civilization do players discard defeated army cards at the end of a battle?
Identify this grid placement/guessing game
Can This Hand be made?
Are there any rules differences between the two versions of Unexploded Cow?
Can other players try to stop you from completing Joining the Winning Team?
Magic the Gathering: Hero's Blade vs Lightning Bolt
When does Mardu Hordechief's raid ability trigger?
Making the Contingency Planner more useful
Travel in the Lord of the Rings LCG?
Do progress tokens carry forward in the Lord of the Rings LCG?
When do you progress to the next stage in the Lord of the Ring LCG?
Will returning a creature trigger Prowess?
Does ion damage penetrate shields?
Does the bonus die for Captain of the Guard's Battle Steed ability have to be assigned a target color before the roll?
Can you be visited by more than one Noble in Splendor?
Tsumego elementary problem 157
What is different in each version of Chrononauts?
What cards can give an opponent control of an Island so I can use Islandwalk on them?
Can I counter Rite of Replication by destroying the copied creature?
When Turn to Frog changes a creature's base power/toughness to 1/1 do any affects that change creature's power and toughness still apply?
Does Vorinclex help its controller or its owner?
When do you place the +1/+1 counter for Anafenza?
Android netrunner: may I trash a card before I am forced to discard?
Fortifying an already fortified city (or placing a caravan in a city with a caravan)
Why to declare the city a scout is sending goods at the "Start of the Turn Phase"?
Can you use the green Mosque tile more than once per turn?
Munchkin: Tuba of charm loot
Mounting a Hive Crone with Harpy parts
Never-ending game with two players?
Can "Produce a Miracle for the Masses" be used to replace multiple cubes?
Monopoly - Community chest paying for houses
Deriving statistics from original card games
What is the detailed token content of "Firefly: The Game" and its expansions?
Can a double jump move backwards in Checkers/Draughts?
Does Seeds of Strength trigger Heroic three times?
Can abilities that trigger when a permanent becomes targeted trigger multiple times from the same spell?
Oberon character in Avalon
How many Tokens does Sidisi, the Brood Tyrant make when multiple creature cards enter the graveyard simultaneously?
Illegal jobs, warrant issues and particular scenario
Why are MUD decks called MUD?
Rule Example in Backgammon
Is it better to close gates or save up clue tokens to seal them?
Does Zombie link trigger when out of models?
mortgage deadline
Is it possible to change or destroy goods that a scout is sending?
Will this bounce work?
Settlers of Catan - What counts as longest road?
Can you play the Crisis Expansion's Crisis Mode with the core game and Heroes Unite combined?
What do you do when you get stuck in an Eastern Crows loop?
King of Tokyo: Complete Destruction
exiling cards from graveyard. can each trigger for multiple cards in play
Bridge the 3 card 7 club bid
Can you retreat with Attacking Infantry in Axis and Allies Original - 2nd Edition
Is 5 a maximum number of buildings in Stone Age?
Does the longest road need to have settlements/cities at endpoints?
What happens if the auction nominator is outbid?
Will destroying an enchantment attached to a permanent also destroy that permanent?
How does one evaluate a hand responding to a "strong" two clubs?
Do characters perform Upkeep actions, such as rolls for Blessed/Cursed, during a final battle?
How do you awaken the Ancient One by opening the gate of Kadath?
When playing the road building card, can a settlement be built between a free road and a free ship?
How do you select wonders at the beginning of a 7 Wonders game?
Bell tower end game
If Soulflayer exiles a Winged Sliver from the graveyard via delve does it gain flying?
In Risk Classic, are territory cards drawn by players kept face-up or face-down?
Has there ever been any use for Lich?
Can i search a copy of a card in the battlefield in my library?
Can allies interact with mission tokens?
Humble Defector and Refocus
Ticket to Ride: May a train segment count for 2 different routes?
Can I respond to a draw from Gitaxan probe?
Can a runner end the run before accessing all cards?
Can you build a ship in the Caspian Sea?
What's the probability of having a combo on the first turn in MTG?
Is it possible to fill an Othello/Reversi board with one color?
Why is this NOT joseki?
BSG Exodus: What happens with a damaged base star on launch raiders?
In cribbage, during the play, what is the count for four 5s in a row?
How exactly do "start of turn" affects trigger
What's behind the "Duck of Doom" card?
Why is capturing mandatory in checkers/draughts? What if capturing was optional like any normal move? Would the game become completely unplayable?
Can boars go inside the cave in Caverna?
Why is 'equity' much more commonly used than 'winning probability'? What is the mathematical formula that links 'equity" and 'winning probability'?
How many units and resources will the Germans get when they research logistics?
What is the typical DPI at which playing cards are printed?
Why didn't whomever created EDH allow Planeswalkers to be Commanders?
Betrayal at House on the Hill - "Voodoo" (Haunt 25) - Do you continue if the traitor dies?
Are tribal spells with changeling considered creature spells?
If Soulflayer is returned to play from your graveyard, does it retain abilities it was granted?
How to stimulate more creative storytelling?
What does "gain" mean?
If a Hero makes a Speed/Sanity/other non-Might attack, when does the Traitor reveal that the target lacks that trait and can't be attacked that way?
Why are there multiple version of Magic The Gathering Game on Steam?
Best opening moves and tricks for invented 2-player board game: Pathways
Can Working Cave feed multiple Dwarves
When do I lose 2 SO Points at the end of each day?
Resolving an ambiguous game state caused by mixing restricted mana
When I cast an encoded cipher spell, can I encode the copy on another creature?
What happens when you copy an Epic spell?
When you go out in Tichu, does the current round continue?
When does the next player start their action?
Who gets magic if the Fallen Kingdom Ghoul destroys itself?
Can Road Building Progress Card be played with only 1 road remaining?
what constitutes a card draw?
Essence Scatter and summoning creatures
Will Enduring Ideal and Dovescape played together leave Enduring Ideal countered?
Passing the Lv.1 Judge Exam
Should I tell my opponent about a jump they don't see?
Are there any tabletop apps to allow you to play warhammer 40k with friends in other cities?
In Backgammon, why is the match length almost always odd? And why are 9-point matches twelve times less popular than 7-point matches?
"Whenever you draw a card" - does that include the beginning of each turn?
How can I reduce the planar die "whiff factor" with house rules?
What is the converted mana cost of fuse cards
Do you have to tell the truth?
Monopoly millionaire mortgaging of a property to pay for another property
Fate Reforged Booster Pack contains a Khans of Tarkir Fetch Land
Can I counter a creature by invalidating the target of its “comes into play” effect?
Do card abilities that grant mana stack?
Can a Rummikub tile be moved
Rolling and passing dice in Inn-Fighting
What can I do with the Joker if I remove every tile from its meld? (Can I even do that?)
In 2-3 player Citadels, can your second character build a 9th district?
Finding the CIN of MTG Cards for collection on recent (2017-ish) MTG cards
Forbidden Island
When does "at the beginning of the next end step" trigger?
Helicopter Lift
Navigator Role ability
What sequence of moves in Solo Caverna result in the maximum score?
When a permanent is being made to copy another, does it count as entering the battlefield?
Mathematically / logically determine unit alignment for close combat
How can I find out when a specific comprehensive rule was introduced?
Universal Game Packs
Do counters go away when the creature that gave them dies
Can crackleburr respond to himself?
Cribbage - Total score please
Identify this board and card game relating to 19th century race horses
Is mana generated by a sacrifice ability permanent?
Does Battlefield Forge add two mana to your pool each time it is tapped?
Betrayal Haunt #38 How Many Firebats?
How is damage dealt when a creature is blocking multiple creatures?
Can I use lands from previous sets?
How does removing +1/+1 counters during combat affect abilities granted from having that counter?
Can you win at level 8 in Munchkin?
What is the availability of the complete sets Wizards of the Coast is apparently selling?
If I exile Rout with Narset's ability, when can it be cast?
In Mice and mystics, Should party items be place in paw to use them?
Baahsto destroyed mid action
Can players in single-elimination rounds agree to split prizes unevenly?
What is the name of the game where you bid for a hand in decreasing numbers?
What is the Infinite Squirrel deck?
Gleemax interactions
Can I use a nonbasic land that taps and gives me either a red or white mana if I only have red mana in my deck?
How do Aether Rift and Library of Leng interact?
Do you forfeit that piece if you do not take a compulsory move?
Kemet: Controlling another Player's pyramid and Victory point
Swapping Creatures in Troops
Power Tile Combo: Initiative combined with Crusade
Power Tile Effect: Initiative and Movement/Victory
Phyrexian Unlife and Necropotence
Proper way to play character cards?
1932 Finance board game
Can I play Dominion: Hinterlands by itself?
In Robinson Crusoe, Can I do single-pawn actions multiple times on the same card?
Is one allowed to play Go with a notebook?
I bought the Dixit Odyssey standalone game and was wondering which expansions would best match up
Can Flute of the Outer Gods be used for monsters "not on the board" like in The Terrible Experiment?
How to "dematerialize" a deck in the Magic Assistant card manager?
Epic Spell Wars rules clarifications
Aura Trample removed by High Priest of Penance
Settlers Of Catan 5-6 Expansion
Laquatus's Champion and Torpor orb
Abu Simbel and Courtesan's Guild
Am I obligated to distinguish between morphs and megamorphs when I'm casting a card face-down?
What's the best strategy to win a tic-tac-toe variant on a 5x5-board?
What happens when, and can I return face-down non-creature cards to my hand?
When can I cast spells?
Brutal Hordechief & Bloodthrone Vampire
Before the haunt, can players agree to automatically crack the Vault?
When do you collect income in Patchwork?
What is this kind of card shuffling called?
king of Tokyo- camouflage
Geek Chic Rail System Dimensions?
Is pile shuffling considered slow play?
Tutors for Sorceries?
Does having 2 Flickerwisps and an Impact Tremors win me the game?
When "an opponent" has to do something in a multiplayer game, who does it?
Claiming honours in rubber bridge
Where can I search by card for decks in major tournaments?
Is a Regenerated Creature Removed from Combat?
Can you interfere and help and win the game as an elf in munchkin?
Is Gleam of Authority's bonus constant or one-time?
Use of Event cards without corresponding rules
Pokemon Call of Legends Starter Cards
If I sacrifice a Sultai Emissary to a Gurmag Drowner's Exploit ability, which triggered ability resolves first?
Does Olivia Voldaren's second ability still work if I steal her in response?
Ways to find and purchase out-of-print / rare / old supplies?
Is Axis and Allies 1940 Balanced without National Objectives?
Has Magic always had tapped/untapped tokens?
Does cloning a card include color?
How many cards do I need to make a collected set "draftable?"
Using Multiple Gleam of Authority
Fluxx - when is the winning condition reached?
Do you still pay 10x the dice when getting the chance card that takes you to the nearest utility if the property is mortgaged?
Rules do not explain the answers to these 2 questions
Two player mahjong?
Help identify an old board game with three rooms in a castle and a ghost
May you choose *not* to use the free construction chain?
May you choose *not* to use your own resources and buy them instead?
How does the effect of tile 22 (from Tower of Babel) apply to tokens (from Great Projects)?
Question about '...only as a sorcery.' abilities
Kolaghan, The Storm's Fury dragon attacking ability
smash up? run out of cards
Can I block with Myth Realized if I attacked with it on my turn?
Who does the Warlord pay to -- the bank or the player who had their buildings destroyed?
Are the two steps of Ponder an atomic action?
Can you choose whether to use a character's ability after declaring or challenging?
Bang! final battle
When testing a deck, what % of rejected hands is acceptable?
If I try to kill a face down creature, can my opponent save it by flipping it?
If I copy a mythic rare, will both survive?
Settlers of Catan: Building Roads 'Through' Settlements
Do enchantments played by my opponent on creatures I control count towards my devotion?
Where can I find raw data for DCI sanctioned Constructed tournaments?
In Lords of Waterdeep on iOS, why does placing a corruption token on The Palace of Waterdeep indicate you won't get to take the Ambassador?
Couple questions about rerolls
How many squares is this rectangle on the Clue board?
Carcassonne Completed City
MTG: What set is Seelenruhe (Tranquility in German) from?
When first prototyping a new board game idea - how do you start?
Checkers only repetitive moves left to opponent
If I have an Equipment equipped to something and it's enchanted by Ensoul Artifact, how is that handled?
Is there a real shift in balance if Blueprints players violate their blueprint?
A&A Sea Zone Attack Rule Clarification
What is this game with a 12x8 pegboard and 59 double sided pegs?
Poker auction - Precedence of hands
How to make Rotate Dial with rivet?
If an effect would prevent a spell from doing damage, does it continue to prevent that damage after the spell changes zones?
Settlers of Catan (Knights & Cities): Lose to barbarians attack - same amount/strengths of active knights, different amount of cities
Does damage dealt by Searing Blood's delayed trigger cause Satyr Firedancer to trigger?
When can you flip items face-up?
Do effects that reduce a spell's casting cost also reduce its converted mana cost?
While covering the Queen, if a player pockets the last C/m of his own together with the striker
Can explorers choose not to move?
Can I respond to Elesh Norn's ability?
What does "if there are previously drawn cards in your hand, rearrange the hand so that four cards are visible" mean?
What does 'play' mean in the context of Courser of Kruphix?
How to play Risk for office fundraiser?
When you call a bluff and are wrong, how is the card that dies chosen?
Does preventing damage prevent things like land destruction?
Par-zero deal with many points for N/S
Richard Pavliceks mystery
If multiple players must make a choice, in what order are the choices made?
When a player is killed in Bang! can they still talk?
Shogun: Which player resolves winter revolts first?
Isn't secrecy quite pointless for Bio-terrorist?
When exactly does the black pawn gets placed on the board?
Is there an industry standard definition between "Board", "Card", and "Table Top" game genres?
How can I handicap in Suburbia?
Eclipse - Influence action to remove enemy discs?
What all does Blood Moon affect?
What happens if you pass backwards over a red line?
Investment Mechanics
Are diagonal corners concidered adjacent?
Does the possibility of claiming tricks prevent the defense from profitting from declarer's errors?
How are missing alerts handled?
Cribbage scoring for one hand less starter card
Looking for name of a double ended connector
You may destroy target base - can this destroy outposts before combat damage is done?
Origin of scores for letters in Scrabble (in relation to their frequency in a langauge)
What is this notation for dimensions: 2-11/16" x 3-13/16"
Double Gleam of Authority interaction
Do you restock hand cards at the end of each turn? Different language editions seem to have different rulings
How to quantify first player advantage?
Is there an English name for this popular Lebanese card game?
Is there an equivalent of gatherer for Duels of the Planeswalkers?
Can Breaker Bay Grid be used to reduce cost of other Regions?
Can a player redirect his attack if the defending player concedes?
ACT5 and ACT6 + pay extra spades
Late Arrival: What to do with the other two cards? (Guillotine)
Can you construct a railway to Toulon through Marseille? (Paris Connection)
Texas holdem who wins
What are bidding sequences in which the responder is likely to be the "captain" of the partnership?
In MTG when can I tap land
Am I right in understanding that if my supply drops due to losing territory, this won't affect my armies until the supply card is drawn?
What is the Monopoly M Symbol called?
Legend of Drizzt - How may items per Hero Phase?
When you don't have enough food on Christmas, what happens when you choose thumbs up?
Is the pandemic + on the brink expansion easier than the standard game? (no challenges)
How can we determine the winner in Love Letter if the last two players tie and have the same value of cards discarded?
Small world, spider's web, when lava conquers, does it give victory points at the end?
Probabilities: Backgammon - final move
How does one defeat an enemy's True-Name Nemesis?
Granting 1 point to opponent after saying GO
Scoring clarification for end of campaign/day of rest
Am I allowed to shuffle my hand when ever I want?
When does Skullcage have its effect activated?
Will I die if I lose enough life to kill me from an effect that also heals me?
Returning agents to pool in in Waterdeep Harbor phase
Can white tokens be used to pay for white mana in a convoke cost?
How do I handle a late player for Battlestar Galactica?
If a judge disallows "Direct" spells, can they still be played?
Am I required to shuffle my opponent's deck?
Can Ward Slivers protection be responded to?
Does "Urborg, Tomb of Yawgmoth" work on lands in libraries?
Consequences of killing a blocking creature
What is the largest number of Settlers expansions that can be combined in one game?
Can Bloodrush satisfy a forced discard?
Can I pay two different costs with the same payment?
Which version of Taboo is the official version?
Pilgrimage World with Consume 2x action--how many points?
Can you have more than one companion?
Are Risk 2210 A.D 3.0 MODs considered as 1 unit or 3 units?
Mutavault and effects
Can opponents keep Jeskai Infiltrator under their control past the end of their turn if it was manifested?
Can you mix Warhammer Fantasy armies?
Where can I find new map ideas for Settlers of Catan Seafarers?
When can you start using the Pirate in Catan Cities and Knights / Seafarers?
What are the rules updates for Catan in the 5th edition? Are there any?
Is it legal to announce results of an opponent's hidden card?
Where can I find out-of-print Catan geographies?
Is there a list of races & powers that can't be used between smallworld and underground?
Whose graveyard is "a graveyard"?
Does Breaker Bay Grid reduce the cost of ICE hosted on Awakening Center
What has changed in the new edition of Junta?
Neuroshima Hex - Medics
Are production boosters limited to production dice rolls?
Fortifying move to complete a Risk mission
What happens if I kill a creature enchanted with Murder Investigation by casting Flowstone Slide
How do "side effects" interact with a card that grants hexproof?
Is it possible for a person to lose "Pirate Islands" Seafarers scenario before the game even starts?
What do the colors mean on Better Settlers?
Can legions in Cardfight!! Vanguard be broken/un-legioned?
Why are the port arrangements in Better Settlers not like the arrangements in my game?
Can a countered spell be targeted?
Can the robot play other expansions?
Overseer of the Damned board wipe
What is the 'Liverpool Shuffle'?
Can I steal an opponent's aura by changing the target while it is on the stack?
How to effectively handicap a good player?
What does the comma mean in a card effect's cost?
Does a bestow creature falling off trigger Impact Tremors?
Is there a Magic intro deck that focuses on lifestealing?
What is the card type Phenomenon and Ongoing?
What are some card in MTG that can change a creature's color?
Do I "control" creatures in my graveyard?
Is there a card that turns +X/+X into X +1/+1 counters?
MTG Emrakul like cards
Struggle for Catan card sizes
Confusion in Line and the Master Spy
How does Donate work?
What can I do about uncounterable spells?
Where/how does the Magic: the Gathering Quick Start Guide booklet actually get distributed in the physical world?
What algorithm does Better Settlers use?
The Comeuppance of Commeuppance
Why does rule 608.2b counter Last Word, when Last Word can't be countered?
Can I turn a manifested God face up?
Will spells that exile enchantments also exile enchantment artifacts?
Pocketing the last coin and the striker at the same time
Is putting a draw four card on top of a draw two card in Uno legal?
Zombies/Robots, Can you combine they're coming to get you and zapbot?
In Guillotine, do Noble abilities work from the score area?
Should the Hare nap when in the lead among remaining racers?
What happens if you are unable to draw because your library is empty?
Scion of the Ur-Dragon and Grave Pact
Does the new specialist after a crew change retain saved unspent AP from the previous turn?
Can you run away without losing against a monster?
Does "Cheat!" effectively give you two more hands?
How does fire on sidewalk spaces affect vehicles (outside of the building)
Can I Redirect a Retract to affect my opponent?
Cthulhu flux metamorphosis/ madness clarification
can you activate abilities during a resolving stack?
Can my opponent force me to play out a demonstrated loop?
Bidding: How to figure out if responder has 4 carder or 5 carder major?
Can all all ability bonuses aside from weapons "+" effects be stacked?
In Articulate would using Girl Band as the description for Girls Aloud violate the rules
How can we adjust starting conditions in Twilight Struggle to favour the USSR?
Good Go practices for a beginner?
What is the optimal strategy to solve Hanoi Solitaire?
Are you required to buy items when you choose the Legendary Object options at the village?
Technically highest 7 Wonders score
Does Takenoko work as a 2 player game?
Does anyone have experience playing Tokaido with only 2 players?
Will Heroic trigger if a spell would cause the creature to lose all abilities?
Summoning Surge: do you put the event card in the discard before taking event action?
When does a sacrifice on entering the battlefield happen?
Do I tap a creature when it fights? Can a creature with summoning sickness fight?
Can I back out of activating an ability where my opponent chooses the target?
Can I cast a spell if I might be able to pay its cost but don't know yet?
List of blue counterspells that can be played for free?
Can I tap a creature in response to it being tapped?
Are there any other spells in bant colors that will cause Enduring Scalelord to go infinite?
Can I shortcut a loop with conditional actions?
Dungeon petz 2 or 3 player game: how many cages should be replenished?
In Secret Misson Risk which player is the winner when 2 missions are simultaneously achieved?
What zone is a spell or ability in when it is resolving?
What happens if neither player decides to do anything?
Can I use "De Vermis Mysteriis" every round?
Effect of "Thran Lens" on Devotion
Complexity of Eldritch Horror versus Arkham Horror
Lazax ally advantage conditions
Which of two conflicting abilities takes precedence?
Dropping from a sanctioned event mid-draft
Twilight Struggle, Longer game
MTG: How does Devour work with abilites like Dragon Tempest
Calculating the probability of a combo hand
Playing Catan for the first time, what should I know?
Is "refund with discount" a valid move on Catan?
How inappropriate is it to track semi-secret information using paper or other memory aids?
Can humans play Connect 4 perfectly?
Why is 21 damage from a commander lethal?
How difficult is Eldritch Horror with differing numbers of players?
Do I only discard down to 10 after drawing 2 cards on my turn?
Taking, searching, and managing card decks
Microbot Alpha: how far does it consider others Microbots?
How does stacking and resolving work exactly?
Can a corp have more than 1 'Chairman Hiro' rezzed at the same time?
Does anyone know a good way to play Forbidden Island with one player
Can I get an enters-the-battlefield effect out of a second legendary before I must sacrifice it?
Is an artifact paid ability considered a spell?
Can I bring Blightsteel Colossus back to my graveyard before it gets shuffled into my library?
Does Humility affect the graveyard?
Can I imprint my Commander onto Mimic Vat, and still take it back to the Command Zone?
can the value of x change in a turn
Voice of Ra: does "all skill checks" apply to all players or just the caster?
What exactly does the "If you do [...]" clause on Mimic Vat check for?
Can Mushin No Shin be played on any card?
When Data mine is triggered, if the runner survives this ice, can (s)he/other still continue?
How exactly does 'Inside Job' work?
Does Medical Breakthrough still have its effect when forfeited for rezzing Archer?
When does the Alien Die reset?
Anger of the Gods vs Manifest creatures
Saving throws against Destroyer weapons
Randomly but Evenly Distributing Tokens on a Board
Triggering "On Cast" Effects When Sacrificing
Monster encounter tactics
What happens when multiple Canker Abominations enter the battlefield simultaneously?
Designing - How do you approach finding the right font for your game?
Most important buildings in 3 player version
Order of building landmarks in Machi Koro
Is an old edition of Cinder Wall able to attack?
Does sliding/shifting have to happen in a straight line, or can it be curved?
can keepers kill creepers in same turn over and over again?
Can I summon figures into a non-adjacent region?
Can the Wasabi card and a Nigiri card be played together at once?
Can I look at my hand after revealing my card and before I pass it to the next player?
What are the best ways to manage challenges to the storyteller?
I am really confused on how corpseweft works?
Multiple permanents entering the battlefield simultaneously and “Enter the Battlefield” effects
What do you do when one or more adults is upset or acting inappropriately?
In Chicago Express, how important are strategies of tight share bidding and inducing others to develop railroads toward your shares?
Band of Misfits and Throne Room
In Manila, what are the strengths of focusing on investing in cheap black market wares and controlling the landing outcomes of the punts?
Grand slam bidding with high card points hand
Is Magic: The Gathering a consistent game?
Double that is not acceptable
If I have no creatures, can my opponent attack me with multiple creatures?
In Monopoly, Can I mortgage properties as I am bankrupted?
With the Silver Key artifact, what effects can I spend 1 less clue?
Can I resolve all special effects or just 1 at a time in turn with other players before and after bases score
Can a creature be killed by damage from two different instants?
How does Nature Shields Its Own work with "unblockable" and "can't be blocked"
Band of Misfits copying Feast and then Island
When races are defeated, do the tokens all go back to the tray for redraw (if power allows)?
Poison Counters and Damage Redirection
Can damage be removed from creatures after it's already been dealt?
Can minions have negative power?
How do trait cards work in Evolution?
Interaction with descent of the dragons and dragon tempest
What is a good modification of rules to make a game of Dominion slower?
Does Gwent from Witcher 3 take inspiration from existing tabletop games?
Cribbage counting a hand
Does a game exist where some win, some lose, and some don't?
Cribbage scoring rules explanation
Creating a TCG - Checking Mechanics
What has been the evolution or progression of traitor/betrayal/defector games?
Looking to see why cards are banned
I'd like to get into Wings of War / Glory but am confused where to start
Will Rings of Brighthearth + The Chain Veil let me use Chain Veil's ability more than once?
Annotated 9x9 Go Games
Can an investigator ever have more than 1 of a kind of condition
The Inner Sanctum Sealed Door and Objective 1C
In Love Letter, can you discard a card instead of playing it?
Can you remove a special ship part and keep it for later?
Saint Petersburg: What happens when you upgrade a full warehouse?
Do you still score a Go if you end with a pair or sequence?
Captain Sisay and flip legendarys from Kamigawa?
Warhammer 40k Unit Composition - Marines
In Eldritch Horror, how much complexity and extra playing time do expansions add?
In Smash Up, can you "destroy" a card from your hand?
In Smash Up, do I have to execute an effect when a card is played or can I choose to do it later in the turn?
Using blade on supporting unit in A Game Of Thrones
In Dice Masters, does an opponent's active character trigger your effects?
Whose Grifter goes first?
Looking for a card game about auerochs
Can I still crown a king if I run out of pieces?
In Robo Rally, can any number of robots be pushed?
Does "lose 1 Sanity" count as "taking mental damage"?
World of Warriors - how to play?
How does Spellheart Chimera count Fuse or Split cards?
Why do older players keep their money under the edge of the board?
Is Mesodae's Lantern effect recurring?
Can I attempt to get rid of my Cursed condition on the same reckoning phase that a Warlock inflicts me?
Are there any conditions or situations that prevent a player from choosing to be lead investigator?
Can I choose an encounter if I am unable to complete the clues requirement upon passing the test?
Ghost stories white moon - cemetery tile Qi
Are there quadruplet cards in Magic the Gathering?
How does +1 damage interact with a power with two damage types?
A Game of Thrones: 2nd Edition Supply
Can you use the Abort Switch option after seeing the other players' cards for that register?
Can I use more than one option card at a time?
Does move priority come first when deciding option card play?
Website / software for playing bridge against computer, but partnering with a human
Does State Parlor give bonus for dwellings added after the fact?
Will Open the Vaults let me return Bestow creatures as Auras?
Can I stack ongoing action cards on the same base in Smash Up?
Tsumego elementary problem 633 - seki?
Can you block with a creature then return it to your hand before it takes damage?
Can a hunter attack diagonally?
How do I prevent cheating on my token based card game?
Numbers after a draft format
Am I allowed to shortcut two abilities that allow me to search my deck?
Does the 3-3 invasion work with 3 stones already placed?
If I sacrifice a creature for a spell and it creates a token, can I sacrifice that token for the spell too?
What are the differences between Deadlands: Doomtown and Doomtown: Reloaded?
Hex Hex card interactions (foretell, play only when hexed, maddening compulsion)
Does 'The plot thickens' make the game easier or harder?
Clarification about drawing and assigning plot cards
Does killing a creature mana source that's being tapped for mana to pay for a spell counter that spell?
How can a Morph ability counter split second spells?
If a card with a pull has an effect that boots the character, do they boot only if successful?
How can I efficiently filter MagicCards.info searches down to cards castable with only certain mana colours?
How is 'The Homeworld' played correctly?
How does Sundial of the Infinite help you avoid losing turns to Eater of Days?
In a&a 1941 can tanks and infantry hit aircraft?
Is there a card that makes an enemy play my spell?
In One Night Ultimate Werewolf, what are some common opening moves?
In Elder Sign, why do multiple locks have to be resolved in order?
Can I enter a non-target foreign home in Chinese Checkers?
dominion adventures, using tokens on duration piles
Using Wizard on another player when draw deck is empty?
Does the Pirate stop fish production when playing Seafarers with Fishermen of Catan?
Can land and sea units adjacent to the territory or sea zone being attacked ( also units range permitting) move in and help defend?
Is the combat move and the conduct combat phase always necessary to execute?
Mobilization of units allowed on a territory with an industrial complex controlled by a power on same side?
How to capture unoccupied enemy-controlled territories?
After an amphibious assault can overland attacking aircraft stay in newly captured territory?
How can I ensure the Commander deck I'm creating is appropriate for my group's meta?
Where can combat dice and extra units be bought?
How to capture territories with no numbers printed on them?
Can a sub attack a lone sub in axis and allies and the attacked sub submerge?
Roll-and-Move Board Design
Losing the player board ability in the middle of the turn
Is it allowed to play a jetpack when buried?
In Elder Sign, what is the distinction between completing and defeating a task?
Is resistance Coup worth getting if I already have resistance avalon?
Counting runs during play
How do I mitigate 'alpha playing' in Pandemic?
How does Starfield of Nyx interact with the Theros Gods?
Anticipate in response to instant
How to win with Greyjoy in Game of Thrones board game?
In what ways does the Arkham Horror Toolkit app improve or detract from the experience?
Postal board games out there besides chess
Magic The Gathering can this combo be done?
Where does the term "sacred discard" come from?
Ways to remove creatures with Shroud
Terminus as an instant?
What happens in Android: Netrunner when your deck runs out and you need to draw a card?
Can Auction be played on a deed that is already Private?
If an object has at least 2 colors, does it also count as non[color] for every color?
Can outfits other than Law Dogs start with Gomorra Jail?
Does removing a token from play trigger effects that happen when a dude is discarded or aced?
In Elder Sign, does defeating a monster with a spell count as a completed task?
In Elder Sign, if you need to draw from a deck and there are no cards left, do you lose the opportunity?
In Elder Sign, If I free a locked die by defeating a monster, can I use it in the same turn?
Mindslaver and Conspiracy's vote cards
If I lose my central tile, do I lose the round?
Can Unity play Mechanical Golems when she gets to play a card outside of her turn?
In Robo Rally, does a powered down robot get to earn option cards and repair?
A Game of Thrones Feast breaking ties for objectives
In Robo Rally, what happens if I run out of cards and can't play a card on the 5th register?
In Robo Rally, what happens to locked registers if I power up with more than 4 damage?
In Elder Sign, can I free a focused die?
Can I use a spell after I complete all the tasks?
Can i cast a spell after collecting rewards for an adventure?
Who is the male investigator on the cover of Arkham Horror, Elder Sign, and Eldritch Horror?
Returning to Origin city when Married
Skills as a Victory Tie-Breaker
Accessing Tale 2,600
Fabulous Wealth as Sultan
Islands as Coastal Spaces
In Elder Sign, can I use Jenny Barnes' ability to discard a spell when the mythos lingering effect bars investigators from using spells?
Can I use Settlers of Catan (older edition) with Catan: Explorers and Pirates (2015 ed.)?
Why am I seeing the same 3 Spider Solitaire games today that I saw 2 days ago
Do morph cards suffer summoning sickness
How to balance Dixit?
Dividing up Hexagonal Board Tiles
In Arkham Horror, should the newly placed monsters or the final count of monsters be evenly distributed?
In Arkham Horror, does the first player look at the drawn monster before deciding how to place it?
A&A 1942 2nd ed: Is it necessary to build an industrial complex in order to mobilize units?
Will a copied spell trigger Prowess?
How prepared will I be to play Arkham Horror after reading just the Rulebook?
In Arkham Horror, are Ally cards treated specially in setup?
Where do trashed Travellers go?
Additional/Made up roles in Resistance or Resistance avalon
Is this box an official MTG product? Who are the featured characters?
Stalingrad Pocket 2nd ed Air Power Barrage Shift
Who gets to "search target player's graveyard, hand, and library?"
In Arkham Horror, do you ignore counting items that can't be lost or stolen when going insane or unconscious?
Has Hive already been completely 'solved' for AI?
Can I add Ogre mercenaries to any army in Warhammer fantasy?
Can I play countered sorcery speed spells with Guile?
In Arkham Horror, what card is shown on the bottom right of the board display of the rulebook?
Does "return" from graveyard to Zone X require a card to have been in Zone X?
Should a judge assume that any triggers not mentioned have been missed when providing a ruling?
Bet process when 2 players and Big blind is all in on the Pre-Flop
Euchre played by a group of 3 people
Can the Beast attack from a distance?
What state and trigger events apply when you "put creatures onto the battlefield?"
Can abilities with no "tap/untap" cost be activated while a creature has summoning sickness?
Acing a copy of a unique card that you have in play
Looking for a simple yet deep card / board game featuring superheroes to use as an introduction to games
Can I declare Brood Sliver's tokens as attackers?
In Eldritch Horror, do epic monsters have to be encountered before non epic monsters?
In Arkham Horror, where do flying monsters in location areas go when no investigator is near?
In Arkham Horror, can my investigator only use Dragon's Eye on the drawn gate if she is the 'first player'?
In Arkham Horror, if a monster surge exceeds the max allowable monsters, does the monster that caused the max to be exceeded get discarded?
What spaces are considered not 'in Arkham'
In Arkham Horror, does a third separate instruction after a pair of pass/fail clauses imply that it occurs in both cases?
In Arkham Horror, can Shrivelling be used to compound bonuses?
In Arkham Horror, do 'leftover' successes after triggering a doom token removal still count?
When the ancient one awakens, do we pass the first player token?
What elements of Arkham Horror balance the difficulty across the number of players?
Toughness and the Stack
"Stay Away" how to handle case with 4 Infected cards
Is the unique asset deck reshuffled when cards are discarded?
What to do with "Antarctic Guide" and "Dog Sled" while playing against an Ancient One from the base game?
How do Mana Flare and Mana Reflection interact?
How can I make a Crisis game go faster?
In Arkham Horror, what are the two symbols at the bottom of location spaces?
In Arkham Horror, if I lose a turn and then am drawn into a gate, am I then only delayed?
How does losing a turn work in Arkham Horror?
Completing the third mystery during the same round as Doom track reaches 0
In Arkham Horror, can "Any Phase" actions be performed multiple times immediately?
In what order does Scale Blessing place counters?
What happens to an unattached Aura?
Does removing an anomaly that reduces an action point give back the lost point for that turn?
Changing control of an attacking or blocking creature mid-combat
If I drive through a pit, do I die?
In Robo Rally, do robots that get pushed onto a conveyor by a pusher also move via conveyor?
Which is resolved first, new obstacles or new crossfire level in Shadowrun Crossfire?
Agricola: Fireplaces and Cooking Hearths
Play all but one rule is into play. What if play one extra card rule is also in play?
How does Sheltered Aerie work?
Are there a limited number of counters that can be used?
When does the dragon deck shuffle?
Order of triggered abilties
Does a permanent that was a creature until end of turn remain tapped after it stops being one?
Can a player join after the preflop?
Do you always need to keep track of what cards have been drawn in a turn?
Risk turning in cards five or six?
What board game does this die belong to?
What would be the reasons for not having Jokers in a deck?
Does Double Strike mean you count as Attacking twice?
Spells with multiple free abilities
Ambassador Counteraction in Coup
Do you have to choose a target for a spell, or can you just cast it with no target and let it fizzle?
Are newer editions of Carcasonne compatible with older expansions?
What happens when I gain control of a creature that's a different color from my deck?
Two Headed Giant Sealed Events Card Trading
Which hand wins
Would this Whist Variation work?
"If a creature would enter the battlefield and it wasn't cast..."
In a&a 1942 2nd edition, can bombers conducting a strategic bombing raid and fighter escorts retreat?
Can Unity play a golem after playing Inspired Repair
Can Bunker's Grenade Launcher be used on the same target 3 times?
Do blocking creatures heal back to full between phases?
Munchkins: Apocolypse Preparing for the 7th seal
Munchkin Dungeon of Comprehensive Curses Technical Difficulties
Munchkins Combat Shenanigans
In axis and allies 1941 do fighters have to take off to participate in an attack?
What penalty should the Dummy receive for telegraphing to his partner after play has started?
In Eldritch Horror, when a mythos card refers to a monster's toughness, does it mean its current or max toughness?
Double Agenda card
Is the only time a monster encounter occurs during the movement phase or when 'a monster appears'?
Can multiple doom tokens be removed in one hit in the final battle?
Do I immediately get any clues at a location I jump to from the "Lost In Time And Space" location?
How can creatures with indestructible end up in the graveyard?
How do poison counters work and how would a player get them?
What are permanents?
Problem with lifelines in "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire" board game
Risk Legacy "Riots" event card is ambigious
Battlestar Galactica: How to balance core game
Gustcloak's ability vs. creatures with Vigilance
Can I double Furnace Scamp's triggered ability damage with a 3-counter Quest for Pure Flame?
Big expansion boards for ticket to ride
When should a judge intervene in a match?
Can exiled players only increase an unused die once if they spend a Food 2 card?
Is this a win or loss?
Are rooms drawn because of tiles and cards always considered 'discovered' and thus the symbol on the card executed?
Can you exchange items with another player, or can you only give items to another player on your turn?
Can I strike the opponent's pieces directly without penalty?
When is my last opportunity to turn a manifested Kytheon face up and still cause his trigger?
Can two bases be scored in one turn?
Does the One Hive rule apply to preserving a continuous hive for your opponent as well?
Poltergeist haunt (#17) - do item tokens count for the poltergeist's damage track?
Why do double-faced planeswalkers from Origins get exiled before being transformed?
Starting out in MTG, but core sets are being phased out, so what to do?
Does spreading a bite effect at the colony affect helpless survivors?
Double Strike with Lifelink that destroys its blocker in the first strike phase
Passengers and Fugitives: can they be cashed in at a location, like goods?
multiple lines in spell abilities - why new paragraph sometimes
Where can I find 'no limits' Texas Hold'em game logs?
Do creatures put on the battlefield via a sorcery have summoning sickness?
If someone blocks an infect creature, do the -1/-1 counters stay on the creature?
How many spades does my partner have when responding to my opening 1club bid and left overcalls 1 heart
What is "summoning sickness" and how does it affect my creatures?
In The Captain Is Dead Episode 2: Adrift, do all systems with any damage gain damage no matter where hostile aliens are?
Ticket to Ride house rule to help players with short destination tickets
How many allowed scrabble words are there in different languages
Blocker with First Strike and Blocker with Double Strike
How do I have to arrange the remaining meeples after using the Ultra Bright Smile ability?
Is an ability that can only be activated once per turn still considred activated if it gets countered?
How much damage does Acolyte of the Inferno's ability deal?
Spells placing effects on heroic
How can you distinguish a "Standard" Card fro a "Modern" Card?
Alternative to Dixit Odyssey voting boards+pegs
Can anyone block a steal or assasination?
Can I sacrifice the same creature twice with Blood Host?
Does military power accumulate in Race for the Galaxy
Can you become the deputy of Arkham after another player has?
Are power and toughness "used up"?
If I claim a monster token from the cup, do I pick at random?
Teamwork in bridge
Does the mayor count as multiple knights during taxes?
Is there any methodology or pattern to picking better stats to emphasize for location and other world encounters?
Would Restore the Peace affect a hexproof creature?
Carcassonne Flying Machines + Ferries
Are there partnerships that win major events by using unpopular systems?
Can you kill a Blessed Spirits with a Fiery Impulse in response to an enchantment being cast?
Missed triggers in two-headed giant
In Hive, can a beetle go up/down into an empty space?
Is there a way for Braille-Cribbage players to find each other?
Can I steal a creature then block my own attack with it?
Boggle Rules - Two same letters to make a word
Blinking face down Auras and Non-Permanents
Do reserved cards influence the end of the game?
What if a player forgot to take the noble tile?
How do continuous effects interact with the stack, your hand, and other zones?
How can we avoid big money in casual games?
Trick Joseki? Shoulder hit after keima to 3-4-stone
Can I Stifle Heritage Druid's ability?
It That Betrays in a multiplayer game
Can I use Bind Monster in addition to the combat check?
Does the Dread Curse of Azathoth spell stay active for multiple monsters?
Does Flesh Ward prevent Stamina loss from one source multiple times?
Is there a standard name for the card game "kabou"?
Have I missed a trigger if I announce it but then forget to resolve it?
Humble and losing ALL abilities: Does this affect creatures with equipped artifacts?
Can a continuous effect that gives haste wear off?
What happens to an investigator who arrives at a gate already explored by another?
Can you trade equipment between combat with multiple creatures?
Understanding Haste
Do Sidekicks have a level?
Do two monsters only emerge from the gate from the first mythos card in the Dunwich Horror setup?
Does adding a subtype to a creature count as entering the battlefield?
Does x-wing support more than 2 players
How Specific Does Card Naming Have to Be
Can Auras be moved between creatures?
Combat super crisis cards during final jump in the Pegasus expansion
Can Panic Spellbomb be returned to the library in response to its ability?
If maximum stamina gets reduced during an environment card, when the card is discarded, do I return to max?
Can I trade exhibit items from the Curse of the Dark Pharaoh expansion with other investigators?
Does Sarkhan the Dragonspeaker tap with his +1?
Can I use Duke to immediately restore sanity right after I discover I'm going to lose it?
Are there simplified rules for Race for the Galaxy?
After I finish my match in a draft, is it okay to observe other matches?
Does a card like Languish count as a damage-dealing sorcery?
Do auras and equipment stay on cards if they stop being creatures?
In King of Tokyo when playing with 5-6 players, what happens when monsters die?
Monopoly houses bidding?
When counting toughness for a monster trophy, do you use the toughness when killed or the current toughness its type might have?
Does building over rooms render the old room inactive?
Is the partner of a no trump opener also the team "captain" on defense?
Can equipment be re-equipped to another creature?
Is my black-bordered foil from 8th edition a counterfeit? Where can I find more copies?
Are there quality custom boardgame card printers?
What pauper cards are legal in MTGO but not paper?
What paper pauper cards on not legal in MTGO
Whisper tie phantom example
What is proper order of resolving players actions?
Munchkin Combat Rules Clarification: Do you lose one-shot items played if later forced to run away
Does a countered spell still target?
What does it mean that only permanents are legal targets for spells or abilities?
Do Dunwich monsters get removed from gate closings?
Jhessian Thief and Aqueous Form
Do multiple Eternal Thirst give a creature multiple copies of the same triggered ability?
Does "sacrifice those creatures" happen all at once?
What pauper cards are legal in paper but not MTGO
Who gets the tokens from Chasm Skulker?
Where do I insert the exit tile in a 1-2 player game
If I escape and give my die to an adventurer, can he use the rolled value immediately?
is your turn over after playing an action card and doing what the card says
7 Wonders: Do board resources (brown and gray) count for VPs when counting guild and commerce points?
Do players make rolls with the dice simultaneously or just make a mad dash of individual rolls?
Magic the Gathering, when a player dies what happens to their cards?
Maecenas and Rome (B): are the extra Leaders also free?
Ramses and Babel tile 23: are Guilds free or do you have to pay coins?
Can the beetle start on top of the hive?
Bridge: Which transfer do you use with both majors - one 5 carder and another 4 carder
Can I strike backward directly?
Does turning a card face up cause it to lose any counters it had on it?
Identify this strategic, war board & card game about Italy (not Carcassonne)?
Is the scry mulligan rule implemented in the rules at large yet?
Bridge: Opening lead from AK - why K instead of A
Does Lighting Shriekers ability activate if it dies or was exiled?
Does attacking creature take damage when playing instant "Ride Down" before combat damage but after blockers declared
Elder Sign Terror Effect Timing
Creature fights target creature
Does 'Other creatures you control have intimidate' affect new creatures brought out?
Could I double team a blocker with Swift Kick?
Assigning damage to multiple blockers
When you use 'Rebound' does the card go to the graveyard?
Settlers of Catan Cities and knights - Knights VS Barbarians
Can I untap an attacking creature and avoid exchanging combat damage?
Can you play Dixit cooperatively with only 2 players?
Am I allowed to take a red 5 after reaching?
In Matchpoints, is it worth risking a ruff to try for an overtrick in the following situation?
Is a merger between two players possible in Monpoly?
Effect of nope card mid attack
What is the timing of "you may pay" abilities?
How do costs to attack work?
Are the boats you build in Stone Age visible to other players?
What does outlast do?
Lose Calm, if you make a creature attack does it become tapped?
How does double strike work?
What is the advantage to starting your meld and laying it down when it isn't complete? Why not just wait until you have all seven?
bridge question regarding answering opening of 1 of a major
Citadels: Price of the poorhouse from Dark City
Is there a card that lets me draw whenever a card is put in an opponent's graveyard?
Accessing an Archived Ambush
How does Magic the Gathering play differently with proxies?
The 'speed' of conceding a game
What are the differences between various versions of Citadels
How does the die rolling work in Betrayal at House on the Hill?
Can two investigators trade the same spells?
Are epic monsters treated differently than regular monsters with regard to taking damage or being discarded remotely?
When a monster is discarded, is it considered "defeated"?
If you already have a condition or there are none left in the deck, can you gain an effect--that normally induces a condition--for free?
Do Law Offices affect ties you're not part of?
Can non-exile related return effects bring a card out of exile?
Are there differences between the different country's editions of Cards Against Humanity
Multiple lands in MTG
What is the very last step that Juragedo can be special summoned and tributed
Does Juragedo always cause a replay?
Are there good ways to "handicap" Midway?
In warhammer 40k can I combines these armies?
Are there any fan-created campaigns for Shadows of Brimstone?
buying Monster Batteries w/ Parasitic Tentacles
Doubts with the "before a base scores" part
Bridge guide for experienced Spades player?
Carcassonne: two builders on the same city?
Can The Card "Suppression Bonds" enchant a creature with Shroud
Do the draw abilities of Kor Spiritdancer and Mesa Enchantress stack?
Power Grid: Auction in following rounds
If you knock, but actually have a gin hand, is it valid to change it after you've knocked?
When does my opponent have to tell me if they will play first?
Trashing two birds with one stone
Go Up A Level cards
Does "advance the active mystery" apply to an AO's final mystery?
In King of Tokyo, how does Mecha Blast interact with High Altitude Bombing?
Beefy assault marines
Does the newly implemented Scry Rule change the way we play Magic: the Gathering?
Games similar to X-Wing?
Exchange Keeper Card
Canasta - 2 Players
Casting a creature and hexproofing
Discard Ongoing Card for effect (Mad Mod)
What's a good way to shuffle sleeved cards?
Playing pairs of non-cat cards
Does it make sense for a defender to lead a short major when opponents fail to find a fit using Stayman?
Do Cylon Leaders in Battlestar Galactica (Daybreak expansion) draw an extra card in sickbay?
Do I need mana in my mana pool to summon a creature card?
Can a Mayor be used to create a Castle?
German Carcassonne fan expansions - available in English?
Can a trauma card meet the requirements for victory
How do Hexproof and Combat Damage interact?
Do I make the sneak check on the patrol marker or confront monsters first?
Does a creature's ability trigger while it's in the hand or graveyard?
Do I get to use non-bonus abilities from items I don't have equipped?
Do I effectively lose two opportunities to have an encounter when I get arrested by patrols?
If I fail to evade Dimensional Shambler, am I lost in time and space?
Are discarded tiles reusable or removed from the game?
Is there any good cure in Midway for Japan's lack of search capabilities?
Where can I find the rules?
If I fail a spell check to gain a combat check bonus, am I unable to equip another item?
What does "you may not use any investigator cards in this encounter" mean?
How can I search MagicCards.info for an exact color identity match?
Do cursed investigators in the herald variant repeatedly fall unconscious?
Can I use Summoning Glass immediately upon receiving it?
Bazaar Trader combo and Void Snare - Ownership vs. Control
BANG! Where do cards played in phase 2 go when "Abandoned Mine" is in effect
Where can I get good-quality boxes of custom sizes, so I can store my board games compactly?
Awaken targeting rules
Am I allowed to pass unequipped weapons (or items) to any survivor?
Can there be two winners at the same time in Catan?
Who would get the longest road?
Are the cards in Zendikar vs Eldrazi standard yet, before Battle for Zendikar comes out?
Can you attempt to counter an "can't-be-countered" spell?
Card game similar to jokers and pegs
Can a "crippled" aircraft carrier launch airplanes in Midway?
Scrabble Triple Word Score Question
Is a white/black deck viable?
Is it worth it to buy booster boxes or singles to collect 4 regular and 4 foil Cards
1935 Paul Heath's New Battleship Game
How to encourage rolling two dice in Machi Koro?
Pegs and Jokers
What is the probability of obtaining the right, left, Ace, King, and Queen of trump in a 5-card hand in euchre?
Nahiri, the Lithomancer + Skullclamp + Cathar's Crusade
What is this (solitaire?) card game called?
If I pocket my man and the queen in a single strike, is the queen covered?
English names for Machi Koro cards
Will an ability on the stack resolve if its source is removed?
Identify this card game, where you have to beat previous cards put on the table
If my Consul's Lieutenant dies while its second ability is on the stack, does the ability do anything?
Immortal Coil & State Based Actions
Can I win with a "you lose" effect on the stack?
Safari / ecology childs board game, collecting animal cards
What happens when all 12 aliens are on board?
Can a player take both a madness and injury card if his investigator gets reduced to zero stamina and sanity?
If Anafenza, the Foremost dies at the same time as another creature, will the other creature be exiled?
Is a tapped creature an illegal target?
Can Mizzium Meddler steal the effect of a Renown ability?
Mindslaver vs. the Pact cycle
If Felidar Sovereign enters the battlefield during my upkeep, will he trigger?
Which characters do Threads of Fate plot rule apply to?
Is it possible to combine the Jungle variant tile with Cities & Knights?
Can a Tenacious Z be Played After Drawing Two Cards?
Order of Operations on Actions
Does affecting an action card affect the Minion it has been played on?
Does a stalker monsters always stay if there is an investigator in its current area or location?
Can Non-Robot Minions be Reclaimed via Microbot Reclaimer?
Does Microbot Archive Apply to all Bases?
Cloudshifting Angel of Serenity in the middle of combat
MTG: Sideboard if maindeck has more than 60 cards
Crop Circles expansion - Do players HAVE to place a meeple?
What's up with the New X-Wing Core Set? 2015
Playing a game on a "complete" Carcassonne board
With Carcasonne crop circles expansion, which meeples count as followers?
Munchkin vs Munchkin Deluxe
Can you Swerve Bioshift?
Can the Armory district card destroy a district in a completed city?
Does a player become immune to the Magician when getting murdered or robbed?
Should the "Atago" be identified as such in Midway during "search"?
What is the name of this red creature card
French Tarot (card game): Feasibility of playing a King on the first hand
Can the Wrack offer an impossible deal? Can the offer change?
Hypergenesis vs Containment Priest - How does it resolve?
Who wins when both teams score above 500 in Double Deck Pinochle?
Casting a spell after a spell resolves?
Carcassonne - taking control of a city
What are the differences between Rise of the Runelords and Skull and Shackles?
Who wins when everyone takes lethal damage simultaneously?
Swapping district in completed city
Removing Assassin in 3 players game
Does Void Winnower prevent my opponent from casting X spells with even base converted mana cost?
Should Eldritch Tokens only be used as tokens for the original reason they were placed?
What happens if the Queen and the striker are pocketed together and there are no other pieces on the board?
How does Void Winnower affect face down spells and creatures?
Can you heal at the moment you get KO'd?
How do you score failed nil bids?
How does capturing work in gipf?
Blackjack: Why use a Suit Aware card counting system?
Implement unique occurrence against each other
Running out of cards in Exploding Kittens
Phasing vs Tribute
Clever Impersonator copying Liliana Heretical Healer
Is a runner card turned facedown still itself?
What do I do if mandatory actions will inherently take a very long time to resolve? (Splinter Twin + Tyrant of Discord example)
Can I choose not to fly?
Can I intentionally play cards that cannot damage obstacles?
Where can I find Storm Bolters
How do you evaluate a building or plot quest?
Does it make sense for a defender to occasionally adopt a slightly inferior line in order to "mix up" the play?
How do I create an account with Wizards of the Coast if I have a very old DCI number without activation code?
Was a bridge column "resulting" when it criticized an opening lead?
Can an illegal target that will become a legal target before the spell resolves be targeted?
When does showing a card in hand become free information?
Why would you ever not assign your full crew on a job?
Do rounds progress independently from scenes?
What's the name of this co-op card-based game?
is party bridge the same as rubber bridge?
Alternating paths in Niagara
When can upgrades be obtained or edited?
In the first mission Crossfire, is it better to end the scene just before the starting player takes his turn?
What are the reasons behind naming the "community chest" and "chance" cards in Monopoly?
Does a God's own mana cost count towards its own devotion?
Multiple blockers and trample
Can you choose how to sacrifice a creature if you are forced to?
Will Myth Realized still become an X/X when Humility's in play?
Will Endless One still enter with X +1/+1 counters while Humility's in play?
Is play effectively the same with 1 player, multiple runners?
Stacking Sensei's Divining Top Abilities
How does Combat Damage Work with Undergrowth Champion?
Creature with equipment attached is returned to owner's hand
Misreading your hand when knocking in Gin
Can characters join units?
Robb Stark house card. Need some help understanding what it can do
Number of Pandemic players?
Is there a card that cancels the Legendary Rule?
If I activate Shambling Vent's ability after it has been 'awakened', what happens at the end of the turn?
Fight and first strike
Is mandatory to play at least one skill card in skill checks?
Can black win in this Go situation?
How does Paranoid Delusions work with Ingest
Do intrigue cards have to be resolved?
Blackjack: If you're insured, and bust, do you collect on the insurance?
How to get pieces for my board game?
How did the Greek campaign affect Afrika Korps?
Custom card print dimensions
Arkham Horror Put a Clue Token on this card?
Will combat damage trigger fight abilities?
Do I get cards from Rebel Cantina even if another player played Produce?
Is it possible to lose Catan to a player with fewer points than you?
Aligned Hedron Network and Ulamog's Despoiler
Does Void Winnower prevent casting spells for even alternative mana costs?
Do you look at the bottom card when you draw an owl as the first card in a gathering?
Does the red riding hood card allow you to move forward and use the path tokens again?
Multiplayer Rules Considering Enchantments
Are the Germans' winning chances in Afrika Korps concentrated in 1941?
Player targeted by Executive Order card must obey the other player order?
Are duel deck pairs always released with an even chance of winning?
Does Aligned Hedron Network exile creatures that enter after it does?
Addon for Risk with cards
How do I score rounds 2 and 3 when I am the only player with a kind of building?
Rally The Ancestors and 3 Lilianas
How to shorten Puerto Rico game to fit one hour?
In Star Wars: Imperial Assault can all rebels attack multiple times?
Ancient one awakes and battle
Omega vs Mind Control
What is the power of 'Mimic' while it is in the deck?
Allies Cards in Sickbay/Brig
How much mana should I put in my deck?
Can Pandemic Legacy be played as "vanilla" Pandemic?
Is 'Enchantment Creature' a creature type?
Clarification of "spirits" on "Devouring Greed" card
In Magic, is the player going first advantaged?
What do I need to replace Cranium: Turbo Edition's electronic timer?
Damage distribution with Banding and Trample
Are there quasi "official" rankings of board games?
Would this hypothetical rule change ever matter?
Does Laboratory Maniac's ability cause me to win before state-based actions are triggered?
What counters can be attached to a player?
How 'hard' is a Mindslaver lock?
The Master combinations in Dr Who the Card Game
How does Life and Limb interact with Conspiracy
Can a blocking creature fight? How is damage dealt if it dies?
MTG Cards that interact with each other by name
MTG Conspiracy cards allowed in modern
If you find a rest spot and there are minions on the board what happens?
Star Wars Imperial Assault tutorial questions
Do "flat" hands devalue a 4-4 trump fit?
How does one evaluate the "strength" of a hand in Magic the Gathering?
Can the Madman cause you to die from sanity loss? If so, can the dog retrieve him?
What is the reason for investigators not being eliminated when Yig awakens?
Optimal Dimensions for a Checkerboard-style board?
How little strength should I have in bid suits for a negative double?
pandemic - can a city outbreak more than once per infect city turn?
Has anyone heard of a game called connect 5
Can Body Double copy the back face of a card in the graveyard?
Can I conquer anywhere if I have no pieces left on the board?
Interaction of Pyxis of Pandemonium with Altar of the Brood
How many attacks does a liberator get?
Tic-Tac-Toe card games?
Does Hellkite Tyrant in combination with Mycosynth Lattice steal lands?
How does Chains of Mephistopheles interact with Dredge
What qualifies as a "monocolored creature"?
Inherited thousands of Magic Cards
With what kind of trump holdings is a 4-4 trump fit superior?
Shogi Notation explained
How does the example of rule 601.2h work?
Does Misthollow Griffin's from-exile ability work if it's exiled face down?
If I am Lost in Time and Space during a reckoning effect resolution, do I continue to resolve remaining reckoning effects?
Does Yig's awakened reckoning effect spawn a cultist on each space fulfilling the requirement, or just 1 on a space of your choice?
How many plays of Pandemic Legacy until it is complete?
Ordering triggers
Does "Sacrifice a creature" trigger "sacrifice this creature"
Can Supply-Line Cranes supply themselves?
How and where can I propose new MTG cards?
Can I trade a resource for a development card?
Does successfully opening the vault end your movement due to drawing the item cards?
A board game with astronauts?
Does Epic Spell Wars actually contain profanity?
Should reckoning effects be executed as if done simultaneously?
Protection from color vs hexproof
Do I lose control of a creature if the aura which granted me control of it is destroyed?
Arkham Horror: Is there any thematic introductory text out there for first time players?
Can the Powder Tower be used while its owner is bewitched?
Efficient Elemental Manland Creation
What's the best way to teach/learn the Game of Thrones board game for people who haven't played before?
In magic the gathering can I tap a creature at the attacking/blocking phase?
Does guiltfeeder still cause loss of life if it's killed by an instant after attacking?
Forbidden Island - Extending to 5 players
Life gain against fatal spell damage
In case of same card in both player
Progentius vs Cowardice
When can protection from creatures be played
Where does the phrase "MTG is not a game about reflexes" come from?
Can I voluntarily fail the roll for the Collapsed Room?
How exactly does "fight" work?
Sacrificing an attacking creature that should die
Is not buying money the worst strategy in Dominion?
With which "non-trump" holdings is a 4-4 fit superior to a 5-4 fit?
Are two Indestructible creatures safe from each other, or do they somehow cancel each other out and destroy each other?
When you get 2 sets of bad luck dice (6 total frowns), can you discard 2 cards from the same stack?
Sacrifice Question
How does US/UK scoring work for the invasion of Japan?
Can I terraform outside of my turn, or during my turn in some other action?
Regal force and cyclonic rift
Returning card to hand off Emeria Shephard from Plains trigger
Can I build a settlement if I don't have the building piece for it?
Do I add all Mask monsters from the base game and expansions when Nyarlathotep is the Ancient One?
Does discarding your commander to the command zone trigger discard effects?
What happens when The Paranormal Investigator discovers a Werewolf?
Is studying tactics for Go useless?
How many accessories can a mouse equip in Mice and Mystics
How is the card action phase resolved in 7 Wonders?
Card game where you organize your hand
How does Finn Edwards' passive ability affect the directive to discard Unique Assets?
Does the Blunderbuss require you to use only the +2 strength bonus in order to use its roll effect?
Do supply limits apply when resolving march orders?
When units are destroyed by sword icons on house cards - how are the units chosen?
Should supports be used as the primary weight of your attack?
How do Rest in Peace and Progenitus interact?
Can I discard Funding anytime to remove a debt?
Is an environment card a villain target?
Is there an easy, web based, multi player board and card game prototype tester?
What happens when I successfully attack a player's home stronghold?
Do I remove eldritch tokens placed on the board after a mystery that placed them is solved?
Jar of Eyeballs vs mass destruction
Two person wooden peg board game?
Can big miniatures share their square in Arcadia Quest?
Is a land a colourless spell?
How to protect a tribal deck from Extinction?
When are players obligated to tell their opponent that the storm count is wrong?
Generic player position names for five player matches
Is Zap A Card considered stealing if a keeper was taken from another player?
Can tokens be converted to different symbols?
How can I find what basic and stage 1 Pokémon cards can evolve to?
Does Unknown's special ability still work after revealing?
How is infect a fair mechanic?
Dungeon Board Game rules scenario
Why should a player call "cheat" and risk taking the entire stack of cards?
Mustering in port territories
Is The Resistance conclusively easier for the Resistance in a six player game?
Does a light fourth seat opening work on the same principle as fourth seat "balancing?"
Talents after being overcome
Pushing robots and priority
Is a player allowed to announce his intentions for their next turn?
Are you allowed to shuffle your library at any time?
What are the chances of winning Accordion Solitaire?
If Ink-Eyes brings a creature back and then her owner loses in a multiplayer game, does the rezzed creature go to graveyard?
What happens if I pocket a C/m but accidentally touch a C/m on the table?
When you use "just say no" to a "rent" do others player still need to pay?
In duplicate, is it ethical to base your play on other people's body language?
Can I legally make a boggle variant?
How does Tarmogoyf interact with changelings?
Do commanders "die" if they go to the command zone instead?
Does a card moving from Exile to Exile count as being moved?
If you decide to play for "top or bottom" in duplicate, are you supposed to consult with partner?
What's the point of having ports as a territory?
Do I lose a card if I roll 3 bad luck symbols and spend some of them?
Phase 10 card game -- playing out
Magic: The Gathering Sorcery vs Activated Abilities
Once the last mythos card is flipped, is there no point to continuing the game?
Do supply limits apply if you capture ships at a port?
Can you move backwards 4 spaces right outside of the safety zone?
How to tell rarity of old magic cards?
Diplomacy solo practice site
What happens if you move into a territory of your own that has a power token on it? What about territory with someone else's?
What does it mean when you prevent a unit from attacking?
Dungeon! Quick opening strategy for wizard
Different color cubes in one city
How thick are Dominion cards?
If the ancient one awakens after an investigator dies in the mythos phase, does the player draw a new investigator?
One Night ultimate werewolf Hunter Question
Could Panther shark be played face-down defense when summoned by its own effect?
Accessible (and educational) deck building game for second grade primary school child?
Doesn't damage occuring in the damage phase occur simultaneously?
What to do when all basestars are in the Cylon Fleet board?
Can you equip multiples of the same item?
Creatures Dying At Same Time Controller Loses
The sheep and the wolves
Where can I find the rules for Game of Life 1991 UK version?
Can the Xxcha predict a special victory for Sol or Hakan?
Can you cast Hangarback Walker for X=0 and have it survive with Hardened Scales?
Should I alert a conventional 'Pass'
In Eldritch Horror, how do you deal with cases when an event forces you to draw a condition card that you already have?
Can King Macar the Gold-Cursed be tapped without attacking?
Why can the first pawn move in chess move two spaces?
"Conduit of Ruin" and "Endless One"
Alesha, Who Smiles at Death, and cards with a * as their power
Can Let's Kill Krampus still be purchased?
What game asks "who is most likely to..."?
In Secret Hitler, what happens when exactly 50% of players vote "Ja!"
When Purifying the World, can you keep or track monsters you don't usually return to the drawing pile?
Is" third seat, favorable vulnerabilty" the only appropriate time to pre-empt with "any seven" of a suit?
What can I sacrifice for Champion of Stray Souls' ability?
How are you supposed to fight a discard deck?
Exchange two footmen for knight anytime? Game of Thrones
Can I use the effect of the Winged Dragon of Ra from the Yu-Gi-Oh! anime in a real game?
Are there viable alternatives to a "three level pre-empt" with a good seven card suit?
Will double strike still do anything if I Cloudshift my blocker?
Can you sacrifice Animate Dead AND the creature it enchants?
Love letter handmaiden card play
Tarfire vs the tarmogoyf
Do I choose my Annihilator sacrifices during resolution?
What are the component class names?
Annotating "brilliant moves" and "blunders" in chess games
What happens to Death Cloud when there aren't enough legal targets
Ticket to ride multiplayer between OS X and iOS
MTG: Is there a lower-limit for life total?
Do I have to "choose" when not targetting?
Can I use Lucky Cigarette Case to avoid activating Dark Pact?
Two pay cards and a Just Say No
How to run strong Go (baduk) playing program locally?
How does Kajia's Swarming style work against attacks measured from markers?
Can an opponent bolt a mana-generating creature to stop me from generating mana?
Does a Go variant on an infinite board exist?
Quantum Predictive Model Questions
Wooden felt-lined tray with numbers
Highest possible power of a creature
Is Pandemic Legacy as good with 3 players as it is with 4?
What's the difference between Pandemic Legacy Red and Blue?
What does "removed from the game" mean?
Can a creature sacrifice itself?
What triggers/resolves first, an effect from a creature dying or an effect from a creature going into the graveyard?
What is the origin of the term "Alpha Strike" in board gaming?
Pandemic chain reactions
Can I gain a random Ally card from the reserve if the deck and discard do not have one?
Can I activate abilities in response to spells?
Does the Medic need to wait until their next turn to remove cubes when another player researches a cure?
What is this stacking game with rotating coloured sides?
Guillotine: Swapping hands and drawing cards - evil move!
Good Risk strategy suggestion?
Will Karlov get multiple +1/+1 counters with Soul Warden when multiple tokens are created simultaneously?
Does attacking zero strength units (eg. routed units, siege engines) require a full combat resolution?
Teysa, Orzhov Scion sacrificing one creature multiple times to exhile
Karlov of the Ghost Council and multiple counters
Cribbage and scoring 31 plus go
What's the deal with the new Wastes land and the diamond symbol on it?
Chit assignment in Catan: Seafarers, Scenario 8: The Wonders of Catan?
Does a -1/-1 effect from a static ability cause a creature to die before it can do anything, upon entering the battlefield?
Playing lands with Ugin's ultimate
Locking Assigned Dice During Resolution Phase in Elder Sign
When does an opponent make the decision to pay extra mana in response to a spell?
How can you get around the lack of early stone in two-player Agricola?
How does Elemental Resonance convert a Mana Cost to a Mana Source?
Maze Game - Late 70's / Early 80's - Battleship-esk - What's it name?
Animated Planeswalkers
Zombicide: Why do zombies split?
Does passing a horror or strength test mean 1 success or enough to avoid losing sanity or health?
In King of Tokyo, which turns does Monster Batteries' effect happen on?
Adding zombies, what order
Help me identify this card playing board game.
What tokens are endless despite having a limited supply?
When can Wookie Loyalty be applied?
How many times can you use hero ability?
Clarification of Pillbug movement rule in Hive
Lords & Ladies: Gossip Card Timing and Servant Actions
Proper Opening Moves
How to play Werewolf/Mafia with exactly 6 players?
Should "100 or 150 honors" allow you to open light?
Does Doubling Cube's ability affect the mana used to activate it?
If you are fourth seat after a third seat raise, can you make a takeout double with "intermediate" values?
King of Tokyo: Omnivore
King of Tokyo: Poison Spit
King of Tokyo: Background Dweller
Swap Plays For Draws and Play X with fewer than X cards on hand
What is 5/5/2 variant of the Machi Koro?
How do Opalescence and Humility interact?
Can I sacrifice an enchantment when it is going to be destroyed?
Lich + Laboratory maniac, replacement effects order
Trading Property to settle a debt in Monopoly
Sphere of Resistance and Trinisphere
Do train stations cause an opponent's route to count towards longest route?
Are there any rules in Star Realms for when you have no deck?
Do you score points for placing tracks in TTR: Pennsylvania?
Is there a bid that is "forcing to four?"
Do spells that change power/toughness of all creatures until end of turn affect creatures played afterwards?
What counts as a counter?
Tzolk'in wealth card meaning
Android netrunner data and destiny deck lists
Can I run two different dual lands that produce the same colors of mana?
Do dead monsters really have to leave the game?
Icons meaning in Awesome Kingdom: The Tower of Hateskull
In Catan Cities & Knights, can you use a Knight action before you roll the dice?
What is the winning position in Monopoly Empire?
Does Largest Target affect only whoever uniquely has the most HP?
Does the extra effect in Scavenging lead to 2 discards?
What happens if I pocket both players' last C/m and the Striker in one shot?
Assault carrier benefits?
Under what circumstances is a declare allowed to "pause" upon seeing the dummy?
Who is in charge of knowing abilities of blockers and attackers?
Can you play fuel cards without moving
Foil rares in booster boxes?
How to add red fives to a riichi set?
Which country spends the most on board & card games?
Munchkin Booty Ships are 'items', but are Ship Enhancers permanently bound to the ship?
What do minor improvements and occupations add?
Meaning of: Play at any time
7 wonders Alexandria side A special ability
Do obstacle abilities work until the moment they are defeated?
What´s the reasoning for carry and equip items in Munchkin?
Does a monopoly in a commodity in Sheriff of Nottingham gain both bonuses?
Triggered ability of another card when two legendary creatures with the same name enter to the battlefield at the same time
Trouble: Despicable Me Edition-Why is the 1 red?
Does tapping a creature force it to attack?
Can one use alternate evaluation methods, e.g. "K&R" to defend actions that appear to violate your convention card?
Does Illusory Gains make someone else's Commander my own forever?
Can I include a card in my EDH deck that mentions another color?
Pandemic - how many epidemic cards?
If effects happen at the same time, whose effect works?
Can a team member lose Karma?
How does drawing then discarding work with a full hand?
Are all the cards in High Caliber Ops supposed to be combined with the base set?
Are there any cards that permanently take control of opponents creature
Dead of Winter - Too easy with no betrayer/co-op?
Do players have to discard when a Knight card is played?
Are the Pokémon TCG "Team Rocket" sets balanced against XY cards?
Carcassone scoring for a city with a mayor and a cathedral
Can I make wine from the fields I harvest with the Laborer?
Abhoth - where should I put defeated cultists
MTG Myr Welder Exile question
Activate ignition effect from hand?
Smash Up Question about Werewolves
What's the hexagon symbol under the Sanctuary?
Do I resolve non-Shadow "Revealed" effects when revealing a Shadow card?
If damage is assigned to AAA during bombardment, can it defend before general combat begins in the territory or is it removed?
In Pandemic, at the end of your turn can you discard even when you have fewer than 7 cards, so the Archivist can pick up that card on his next turn?
Can you suspect false carding from the following situation?
Catacombs: Chain Shot Modifier and misses
In Catacombs, how do the remaining party members deal with a dead Hero's possession?
Can something have multiples of the same aura?
Does the card color matter for untapping it?
For Flashpoint... can you "share" the victim POI marker?
In Pandemic, can the Containment Specialist remove more than 1 cube (without the action of treating) in a cured city?
In Lord of the Rings, can quest cards with stars be used to pay for events that require you to discard other cards of a specific type?
In Blood Bowl Team Manager, are Freebooter Stars supposed to be more or less powerful than their regular counterparts?
Am I analyzing the following hand properly?
Star Realms: scrapping a card in your hand
Do you have to perform assist abilities?
What to do with two gold on one card?
When you choose to engage an enemy, do they engage you too?
Warhammer 40K 7ed: Haemonculus Covens "It Will not Die" rule effect on units with 1 wound
I missed scoring a base
Scion of the Ur-Dragon multiple transformation
Do Age II or earlier events happen at the end of the game?
Game of Thrones: What if we run out of all the order tokens and are compelled to use special order tokens?
Clarification on the rules of Top Trumps when two or more cards win
Looking for a game I played
Can a pawn be promoted to queen if the player is missing a knight, bishop or rook?
Do you load before paying?
Is there any way to stop someone from sacrificing a Golden Urn?
In Tiny Epic Galaxies - when do you get your new ships?
Where can I find Duel Monster tournaments in the U.S.?
In Uno, can you play a +4 card drawn as a penalty if you have a card the same colour as the drawpile in your hand?
What is the significance of a Scene ending in the Extraction mission?
How can I handicap Ticket To Ride: USA, without seeming patronizing?
Are players permitted to resolve errors between themselves, without involving a judge?
Can two players tie for first place in Hearts?
Fluxx - Monty Python: Finger of God & Play All
If a card becomes cloned while another text-modifying effect is on the stack, what is the result?
Is it possible to have an unplayable tile?
Can a Catan Volcano destroy a knight?
Do Surge triggers happen "on cast" or when the spell resolves?
Does the MtG lore have an official explanation for banned cards?
Hexproof vs enchantment affecting all creatures
Multiple Super Munchkin Cards
Can Winds of Qal Sisma trigger Willbreaker's ability?
Table top maze game
Dead of Winter Exiled Player
Is it possible for a Creature permanent to become a non-Creature permanent without losing its abliities?
How do I chose invasion or reduction points?
Discard a card to gain money
Pandemic on the Brink expansion in different language than the main game
7 Wonders (Cities Expansion): War from both sides due to Peace Tokens
4 Color Burn + Dark Confidant decktech
How to beat Ill-Gotten Gains?
Is it possible to have a full house and straight flush in same hand with only two players?
Looking at your the last card played
Online Scrabble Handicaps
Can you collect resources from a roll if you move the robber after rolling?
What are the most expensive cards in Magic: The Gathering?
Bang! replacement parts
DIY magnetic game board
Brand new Pokemon Cards bent in packaging!
What is the name of this game?
Can City of Brass be used to cast Kozilek, the Great Distortion in Commander?
Catan Pirates Starting Phase Question
Can You Reroll Successes For Reserves?
Can anyone help my identify this card game
What is this descent figure?
When can I use a power of a Keeper in Adventure Time Fluxx?
What happens if a target for removal becomes ineligible after a card has been cast?
Does Claustrophobia prevent triggered abilities?
When do "when you cast this spell" effects resolve?
What if I don't own a house in Life and land on a pay square
How can I deal with indestructible shrouded slivers?
vedalken orrery, aura of silence in reponse to opponents enchantment
How does combat damage work when one creature blocks multiple attackers?
How to grant haste en masse in a mono-green Commander deck?
Carcassonne fairy - scoring with a fairy for multiple areas and at the end
Can a player with 0 life use Soul Conduit to make their opponent lose instead?
Kindle the carnage, repercussion and safe passage
Are solved games worth playing?
How to count Splendor bonus gems
Can the Resistance Fighters use the fail card?
Blocking multiple creatures with multiple creatures
Milling cards with discard an draw abilities
May I attack myself?
Is there a website where I can play against AI in the board game Abalone?
Exile then return Jace, Vryn's Prodigy?
How does the Dog companion work and what is its benefit?
How to Mitigate Snowball Effect of Events
Canasta rules for melding and picking up pile
Do I score fishermen for settlements on water?
Can I stack Miracle and other "at the beginning of of your draw step" triggers however I want?
Is Argothian Elder a Druid?
Does the "Rule of 15" suggest that you should pass with 13 points (and short spades) in fourth seat?
How can I determine the value of very rare cards?
Is the following considered battle-forged?
Arkham Horror heralds with new cards
Does this Go-like game have a name?
What are the rules when two or more people go out when they are on the bubble for payout
When does play begin in Euchre?
Can my deck have fewer cards after sideboard?
Preventing/minimising damage from beer spills
Eclipse 4 player FFA Convergent Strategy
"Analog" version of Kung Fu Chess?
Can I use one spell multiple times
Creatures with variable power and toughness
Tidehollow Sculler and Ruin Processor
Who wins when the would-be last wizard standing is killed by a reaction?
What counts as a creature "in play"?
Issues with Infinite Mana Loop and Grindclock/ Clock of Omens Combo
Etiquette for the Stack in MTG
What are the rules for Storm Giants?
Zombicide: Black Plague! Strategy suggestions for Clovis and Samson
Do most good pre-empters do so within "tight" point ranges?
If I use a Mystery Play in Fluxx, does that count as a play?
Resources for studying gomoku
Can I sacrifice the same creature twice?
How do the Batman Cuffs work in Batman Fluxx?
Can Turn to Frog prevent 'enter the battlefield' abilities?
What is the difference between Owning and Controlling an object on the Battlefield?
Why is Sunken Hollow a rare?
Does Storm count opponents' spells?
Can an imprinted spell be kicked when it is cast?
What is a good modern miniatures Tank combat game/system?
Are the gods of Theros considered creatures in my hand?
Is the Pandemic expansion "In the Lab" available in multiple languages?
What is the proper way to set up a Jenga tower?
In a multiplayer game, who can see a player's revealed hand?
Castling when in check
"Put into graveyard" versus "exile graveyard"
Did Wizards ever write a followup for the 2003 card face redesign?
Will Shipbreaker Kraken cause creatures to stay on the battlefield when hit by Scourge of Fleets?
In Agricola, why are Minor Improvements not separated by number of players whereas Occupations are?
In Agricola, do family members occupy as many rooms as possible?
What happens in these end-game situations?
Epaminondas puzzle
Can tokens created by planeswalkers do commander damage
What happens if Jace, Telepath Unbound is returned to your hand?
What do shiny ovals mean on Magic the Gathering cards?
Are there any house rules for combining Munchkin and Fluxx?
Double Deck Solitaire for PC 1989-1992
Losing points for partially completed destination tickets in Ticket to Ride
Is there any difference between double strike and oubleday ikestray?
name and rules of a numerical card game
Question about following suit
What is the actual world ranking of Fan Hui
What happens when you put a +1/+1 counter on a planeswalker?
What are the preconditions for a trump promotion in bridge?
Are shell and slate go stones fragile?
"At the beginning of the end step" versus "Until end of turn"
backgammon scenario
Scion of the Ur-Dragon and Leyline of the Void
Where can settlements be built near undiscovered hexes?
Explorers and pirates: Where can roads be built near undiscovered hexes?
How important is it to avoid bagging out in Spades?
"Can't attack you unless" in Two-Headed Giant
Can I draw something on my card and play tournaments with it?
How is the die for Cat Tower configured?
How to break a Tie for a 3-of-a-kind
Scoring Bases in Smash Up
Is a Pokémon energy card with no numbers normal?
Buying 36 booster packs for a magic the gathering set
Core Set ways of dealing with Magnum Opus
If I deal multiple types of damage, do I need to deal them in the order listed?
How does 'The Stack' work?
Do abilities like "becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it" happen even if the spell is countered?
Is there a reference sheet I can print for the characters?
What should be taken into consideration when mixing Fluxx sets?
Alien frontiers: how many fields in a single territory?
Can having a short break help improve at Go?
Is there a (tournament) standard for character picks?
Questions about memorizing go games
Can I counter a spell that can't be countered?
Distance between characters
Why do cards from Alpha have to be in opaque sleeves?
Thematic relevance of credits when icebreaking
Can I activate and resolve Hand Destruction with less than 2 cards in one's hand?
Alchemists Vial rules
When a card says "you may choose new targets for the copy", do you have to choose new targets?
Can I defeat an opponent with their own commander?
Can I interact with a creature exiled with Eldrazi Displacer?
What happens if I can't make a legal move?
When do you check if you lose
In Diamonsters, what happens to the cards on your monster board at the end of a round?
Decision Trees in board games?
Why was Kird Ape banned in very first Extended ban list?
Stone Age Food Strategy
Can I sacrifice a creature before the creature spell resolves?
In two-player and solo Caverna, why is Round 9 with the Exploration action skipped?
What are the requirements to build a city?
What do board game publishers do? What are the difference between them?
How can I mitigate the luck factor of drawing destination tickets in Ticket To Ride?
Are you allowed to bake bread in two different ovens?
How are Minor Improvement and Occupation cards meant to be selected for play?
What is the timing of building and paying debt?
If a player goes to "combat", and then activates an ability, what is the game state?
How can the traitor win scenario 49 in this way?
Fluxx Play All Card and Hand Limit Cards
In Backgammon, when can the dice be doubled?
Help identifying old board game
D&D Adventure game system, additional adventures
What is the penalty for lying about a face-down card?
In go, is it possible to guess the opponent's strength from their play?
When does my new family member occupy a new room?
Forbidden desert - how to play with the water carrier
Bridge game individual movement split between "Pro"s and "Am"s
Creatures with "Whenever you cast a colorless spell, untap ~"
Thorncaster Sliver and Venom Sliver vs. Priority or Lack Thereof
Is a monster taking damage and a monster having its toughness reduced the same thing?
How do actions that trigger on a certain movement die result work when rolling two dice?
Can I cast other spells before a miracle?
How can I make Agricola vegetarian friendly?
What cards transfer mana from colorless to any color?
X-Wing 'Overlapping' ships question
Blast markers hitting multistorey buildings
Will my Pelakka Wurm still deal trample damage vs Deathtouch?
How do Gatherer Rulings interact with existing rules?
Holding a card by accident
Board Games development online course
Dungeon Petz strategy
Siren of the Fanged Coast vs. Devotion
What happens if a target becomes ineligible after a card has been cast?
Optimal Dominion strategy with only the Mine action card
In solo play, am I the player to my right?
Is it possible to move auras with the equip ability?
Ways to handicap in Magic the Gathering?
How can I save myself from Arcbond?
Phase 10 - Who goes first?
What happens when running out of Cherry Trees in Tokaido: Crossroads?
How to prepare for a Mansions of Madness session efficiently?
How to calculate the probability to get all cards of Exodia, the Forbidden One by drawing them from my Deck during the Draw phase?
Winning the round before all players have had a turn in Phase 10
Can the owner of the largest army move the robber every turn?
Can Operations be attacked in Pixel Tactics?
Returning from exile at end step
Identify a card game where players are asked questions about life situations
How do you stop this combination?
Bridge: Holding both 5 card majors which should I bid first in Jacoby transfers
How do treasure tokens work?
Haunt requires adding a room, but it will seal off a floor. What do I do?
Should I use all actions before buying anything?
Activation of character's effects (RE: DBG)
Can I buy a card without any treasure cards on my hand?
Do outpost siege abilities stack?
Magic the Gathering for very young kids
End game deciding on dead stones
Bridge: Is it a rule that you must announce the meaning of partners opening bid
Is the Commander strictly fixed during deck construction?
What are the probabilities of getting any or all five cards of Exodia using a specified monster card effect
Was there ever a non-1st Edition version of the Machamp found in the 2-player Starter Set?
Token creator gets countered?
In Tzolk'in, can you be at negative points?
Catan : how to play with extension 5-6 players when we are less than 5?
In Warhammer 40k is it possible to have your army use vehicles from other factions?
When is it worthwhile to aim for visits from Nobles?
How are new conventions established in Contract Bridge?
If Thanos has an attack of 0, do I still need a hero with the attack symbol to fight him?
Protection and damage prevention spells
Can you transmute before taking energy tokens?
Do death triggers still happen if I am at 0 or less life after combat damage?
If I kill an opponent's Guile while I control a Planar Void will they get to shuffle it back into their library?
Painter's Servant vs Emrakul
Older Pokemon cards
First blood on the same initiative step
What Betrayal at House on the Hill scenarios can work with just two players
What is the one-turn win combination, using Zada, Hedron Grinder, that requires the least number of cards and external effects, in Modern?
Board game dice-unrecognized
Starfarers of Catan game mechanics
Is the cast keyword triggered from the graveyard?
Are card modifications from Continuous cards thought of as "effects" - what happens to them?
By how many points did alphago win against Lee Se-dol?
Does any cards care about the color of mana spent on other spells/abilities?
Does anyone know the name of this card game?
What happens if your only pawn can't move as many spaces as required?
Rules for Churchill Solitaire?
Do any precolumbian board games survive?
Are treasure cards spent by Storyteller still in play?
Boggle: What is the dice configuration for Boggle in various languages?
M:tG infinite loops: which actions are optional vs. mandatory? Is there inaction?
How can I protect my tron deck against Crumble To Dust
Can the ability, return target permeant to hand, be activated on the creature that uses the ability?
In Catan, when a settlement breaks a road. Do the other existing roads sit there? or are they removed?
What does "play this ability only if you could play a sorcery" mean?
What variants are there for the playing-card-based game "War"?
What's the best way to play the worst possible 4 hands in bridge
Chaos in the Old World: What happens to units in ruined regions?
Why are Elo ratings for go higher than for chess?
Convert Big Boggle to regular Boggle
How to combine Risk, Catan, and Monopoly?
How can I find the price of non-english cards?
1st Edition missprints on base set pikachu
Do you need to show what you draw?
opening bidder bids the bid I want to make
Gin Rummy, incorrect knocking
Is there a tool that will help me construct a list of games with a more specific game mechanic?
How many cards can I access in R&D / HQ?
Why isn't MU shown on Runner identities?
Ranking of Go Software
Declarer play for a 4-4 trump fit
How many times can you use a port in settlers of catan?
How important is game theory in Dominion?
What kind of mechanics can make MTG fun for my opponents?
What happens to exploded kittens?
Descent (Nerekhall expansion) bleeding mechanics
Board game fun for 3 year old AND parent
What is the best opening lead on this hand, and why?
Can Debt tokens be taken to pay any coin costs?
Which words count for a double word score?
Why is this tsumego solution wrong?
What happens when a player controls multiple identical monsters?
When can I discard?
Over-success when holding in Diplomacy
When does Vertigo's villain action happen?
Are the owner benefits from Impersonate Tax Collector part of an action?
How do I beat U/R control with Affinity?
Can Ice Witches use Winter markers on the turn they were earned?
How are creature token cards used?
Calculating the probability of NOT drawing a traitor card in Dead of Winter
How do we assign Game of Thrones houses?
Recording Go games and importing into software
How does each copy of a spell cast to Zada, Hedron Grinder count towards Storm abilities?
How does casting a Storm spell on Zada, Hedron Grinder work?
What are the applications of brand?
How is Ondu Cleric's Rally ability resolved when more than one ally enters the battlefield at once?
Uno Spin; going out using a Spin card
Why wasn't Lava Golem allowed to attack on my turn?
Does a Sorcery with Support trigger Zada, Hedron Grinder's ability?
Double faced cards multiple transform triggers
What happens if I cast disenchant in response to the triggered ability of animate dead?
New Transform Rules and Archangel Avacyn
Axis & Allies G40 Transport Question
Does anyone know the Campaign Badges for the Second Purging of Lastrati or the 3rd War for Armageddon?
Are the reckoning effect Lore checks on Glamour cards considered spell effects?
Determine the solubility of peg-solitaire (solo-noble)
Fury of Dracula 3rd ed. - Defeated Hunter and Skipping Actions
Fury of Dracula 3rd ed. - Bats Token and Defeated Hunter
Fury of Dracula 3rd ed. - Fangs point scoring
Phase 10 Go Out Rule
Village/Smithy strategy
Fury of Dracula 3rd ed. - Escape as Bat clarification
Is the Mystery that is active when the portal opens in Strange Remnants still useful for progressing the investigators?
When using prestige bonus during two player, can I choose Consume VPx2 as my second action?
How does "Concealment" transfer to Dedicated Transports?
I need a cheat sheet for PACG
What cards use coin tokens?
Trying to find the name of this patience-style game
What is a "Small Area" when talking about Cluster Mines?
Counting a surrounded non-alive carpenter's square
Is there an extension that converts regular Pandemic to Pandemic Legacy: Season 1?
Does Brain in a Jar let you cast a Sorcery at Instant speed?
How is Pandemic Legacy impacted by playing with 2 players?
Is table talk acceptable in tournament play?
Can Eldrazi Processor effects "counter" madness?
Can monsters use items with Cheat?
Why would one player ever need more Army units in a battle than their opponent?
How can a casino offer 99%+ RTP plus 1% cash back?
Missed! symbol cards against Slab the Killer
Why does Diregraf Colossus see itself in the graveyard?
What is the purpose of castling in chess?
When is there no going back on a trade?
Genre-mash up battle game
Is Athelas guarded by Forest Grove
Brain transference in Star Fluxx
Clarification of creature's subtype for card effects
Does Upper Deck maintain an official errata for Legendary: A Marvel Deck Building Game?
Does the effect "Reduce all HP recovery by 2" affect Setback's cards?
How to deal with Enchantments outside of G/W?
How do undying triggers resolve against exile and other players reanimating my graveyard?
Would a Cloudshift targeting Zada, Hedron Grinder also target tokens?
What happens to Auras and/or Counters on a creature that is targeted by a Cloudshift?
How would some of the top deck archetypes handle discard decks?
Can Astral Slide plus Viridian Shamen kill Glimmervoid living off of Blinkmoth Nexus?
Opening bid in first seat
In what order do creatures return from the graveyard with "March from the Tomb"?
What is Doppelganger's attack when in the HQ?
Do you get an extra turn at the end of the age?
Yellow cards that change the trading rules: how many coins should I pay?
Is there a set of better rules for Monopoly?
Are the yellow roof buildings inns?
How long should a draft round last by official rules?
Can a team-match VP score be negative?
How can I "censor" players on the IGS server?
If a fighter can't land during combat, can they land on carriers moved to them during the non-combat move phase?
Does Gustcloak Savior's ability leave the door open for blockers to be reassigned?
Information about "Make Twenty One, no more, no less" wooden Tabletop Game
When I take a mulligan, should I shuffle my library first?
Does Shepherds/Ambassadors give me gold when I build by moving a settlement?
Does Zada, Hedron Grinder work with Soul's Fire and other similar instants?
When does Zada, Hedron Grinder determine if a spell was cast only targeting Zada, Hedron Grinder?
How do "Maro" effects work when you cast your last card to pump them?
Occupations and minor improvements break the game?
Possible to spend clue tokens to re-roll attempts at sealing gates?
Are there online variants to "Path of Glory"? WH40K
Sent from one Other World to another. Another encounter in the same turn?
Monopoly (advanced) with speed die
what are the differences in timing for chess grading?
Is this a correct way to count territory in Go (by Chinese rules)?
Are any special rules added if you are playing with more than one expansion?
Can I cast a spell multiple times in one round across different investigators if I trade it?
In Shadows Over Camelot, when does a knight die if his life points drop to zero on another player's turn?
Who decides which metropolis to steal?
Pandemic Legacy, February, and Epidemics
Lab challenge: Can a cure be tested multiple times
Accessing advanced agendas
Does how you discard a Madness card affect whether it resolve before its source?
Kill a blocker with an instant - is it still blocking?
How can I efficiently build a deck from a box of random cards?
How/where can I get comments from strong players on my gameplay?
Magic the Gathering Protection question
If the only target of a spell is cloudshifted, is the spell countered?
Game stagnates if supply card not drawn
Is Jenga a cooperative or competitive game?
What is the tallest Jenga tower ever created?
Jace, Telepath Unbound and Casting a Spell from the Graveyard
Are you able to build a settlement from a separate ship?
Spells are not exiled by Jace, Telepath Unbound's second ability in MTG Duels
Can an ability track a card across multiple zones?
How are holographic trading cards printed in an industrial setting?
Part game (leg) scoring in bridge
Are there big differences in gameplay (not just theme) between Munchkin sets?
How much damage do I take when I Trample a Stuffy Doll that has Pariah attached?
What was this Mouse Trap-like game with a basket, stairs, and metal parts?
What is the justification of the card type Tribal in Magic the Gathering?
What's the price difference in producing different quality game cards?
What is the proper way to split uneven draft pods?
Magic The Gathering, Blinking the source of a transformation
Does removing the timer make Space Hulk significantly easier?
When does the "choose a color" part of a spell happen?
Can I use the Grotesque Statue artifact on any effect and prevent loss on all affected targets?
How do monsters move on local paths to side boards?
It's a 4x and card game mix possible?
Have recent changes in bidding priorities changed the value of finesses?
Smash up: First mate with ongoing actions attached to it. Do the actions follow him?
How to clone a Legendary permanent?
Sacrificing a creature with 0 toughness
Are 1/1 creatures sent to the graveyard from one damage before Rite of Passage's ability activates?
Dark Charm and Objective tokens
Custom game boards and pieces for existing games
When does a Leprechaun's Ongoing ability activate?
How does the Prestige Leader mechanic work?
Are these "temporary defense gained by discarding cards" markers?
How does AlphaGo calculate?
Why do cards miss their timing?
If a token is returned to hand, is it considered dying?
Eclipse: some House rules to cut down on chance in die rolling?
When is International Tabletop Day?
What's the longest possible forced repetition in Go?
What is the sequence of actions when my Shocker removes cards and places cards in my opponents hand?
Can anyone tell me who Mr. Suitcase is?
Necroskitter and Everlasting Torment
Does Illusory Gains allow someone to block their own creatures?
Do I decide {X} for cards in my library for effects and abilities asking for a particular CMC?
Bang! Fistful and Boots
What's the odds of Selvala's parley granting 2 or more mana?
What are the major changes between Through the Ages: A New Story of Civilization and the first game?
Do board game publishers design games 'in house', or do they merely publish games by external designers?
Forsaken Lore expansion for Eldritch Horror: what are the new mysteries for the base game AOO?
Is having the Mask Omen Card stolen from you have the same effect as taking it off?
Does a bid of 'Double' make you the declarer?
Do creatures from outside the game go to the graveyard?
Where does the term "cube" come from?
Othello - Most number of legal moves in a given turn
Can a Counterspell basically counter more than one spell?
What is the board game played in Houseki no Kuni?
Researcher with the coworker relationship (spoilers)
Are there any single-screen human-vs-human go clients/programs available?
Can poison action card destroy Warbot?
How does the timing work on damage redirection?
How does the timing work when area-of-effect damage creates new targets?
Does "cards with the same name can't be played" affect tokens?
What happens when a non-token creature loses all abilities, is exiled, then returns?
Question regarding exchanging territory cards in Risk
Karlov of the Ghost Council and Extort
What adjustments do good bidders make for seven card fits?
Does a Venomthrope gets an extra attack for using multiple weapons?
Bidding a high point Bridge hand
Brushfire Side Mission - Counting Distance through walls
What is the official name of this game? In India, it is called kaali teeri (3 of Spades)
Can you re-equip equipment to the same creature?
Who takes extra turns first when I copy someone else's "take an extra turn" card?
What is the use of Swift Silence?
What gets Destroyed?
Hive's freedom of movement rule - can you 'pass over' a gap that you can't go into?
Which US states have the highest Magic: the Gathering participation?
Why is Noble Hierarch so expensive?
Will transforming Thing in the Ice with a token-summoning spell bounce my tokens?
Reveillark death trigger
Replacing ships after taking control of enemy ports
Why is "LGS" the standard term for a game store?
flush on the board in texas hold'em poker
Can flute of the outer gods be used against epic monsters?
Do improvement token bonuses count as skill bonuses when determining the highest bonus to apply to a test?
Can I counter a creature with Shroud?
Bridge bidding response after rho overcalls at 2 level and you have stoppers and 14 pts
Can I discard a spell not drawn by Magick Shoppe?
Can you choose not to assign damage to a second blocker?
Warhammer 40k - Tau detachment benefit clarification
Limit on weapons used during combat
Help identify card game with teams and secret signals?
Rubber bridge and whether or not to duck
Can a dead player have life restored later to bring them back into the game?
Starfield of Nyx and Eerie Interlude
Will Hallowed Moonlight exile creatures from Starfield of Nyx
Scion of the Ur-Dragon and Torrent of Souls
Is there a maximum amount of energy that can be attached to one Pokémon?
When should I play my land for my turn?
For Sister Grimm's Super Power, where does the plot twist go if you can't play it?
Deathtouch/Monstrosity Interaction
Does Reduce to Ashes Kill indestructible creatures?
Anger of the Gods and totem armor
Help with the rules of checkmate
What happens when destroying something that gives flash to a spell on the stack?
Can you deal commander damage with any players commander?
When referring to "every location" in Dead of Winter does this include the colony?
Does Gleam of Authority care if a creature gains extra counters?
Spells and Items during combat
Texas Holdem All-In Question
What counts as an interior square in the Witch House tile?
Twilight Imperium 2 Planetary Defence Units per planet question
Android: Netrunner judge program
Companions lost on death in same room as other explorers
Psi 0, 1, or 2 games - are credits from thin air or player's pool?
Munchkin with 7-12 players
Two Headed Giant - do I gain life when my teammate gains life?
Why is Royal Flush ever listed separately from Straight Flush?
Can I go for both Tichu types in one round?
Why can't I play a card for its alternative cost after searching for it with Bring to Light?
How much does Vryn Wingmare increase the cost of my Bring to Light by?
When casting a spell, how can a mana ability be paid with another mana ability?
What are some basic strategies for Labyrinth?
What actions can be taken as a free action?
Shuffle destination cards in Ticket to Ride
Is either player at a disadvantage when cards "aren't' shuffled well enough"?
Getting started (Advanced) with Magic: The Gathering, and where to play
How do pump spells interact with damage at end of turn?
Can investigators easily avoid being stuck in the Bent Pyramid and avoid the Sanity loss from Nephre-Ka's reckoning?
Can you attack any creature of your opponents with flying if he can't block it
Can you play Big Two with multiple decks for more than 4 players?
Does sister Mary pass with rolls of 3-6 when Blessed and 5-6 when Cursed?
Do riders have to move at least the amount of their base movement?
Do creatures with summoning sickness count as tapped?
Does "creature with flying" count creatures that gained flying from an enchantment?
Unexploded Cows placing into another player's herd
Mercurial Pretender and Typhoid Rats interaction
Mage Wars Academy - zone spells : do they attack mages?
Question about April
Could i run a stormcast eternals body with a head from a space wolf?
Command cards (Star Trek Catan) for vanilla Catan?
Bridge and bidding
Can Boss Monster work with 5+ players?
Do you have to give others a chance to say "Uno"?
Forester and Copse in Agricola
Can I use the Shining Trapezohedron against Epic Monsters to attempt to move them?
When I acquire assets, can I receive the item into my possession one at a time?
What actions constitute passing priority?
Can infinite scry 1 be shortcut by searching through your deck?
Can I use an altered art card in tournament?
Where do Delayed Triggered Abilities live?
Does the game end if all current investigators are defeated?
Layers: Lose abilities vs creatures have ability
texas holdem regarding a pair K8 vs K9 and A comes on the river
In MTG what happens when you have multiple Aberrant Researcher in play?
Are there any resources online of rules to solitaire card games
In Phase 10, can a Skip card be played in the first round of a hand?
Dice Masters Casual Setup
Is this seven or eight consecutive roads in catan?
Can the Mah Jong force out the Phoenix as part of a straight in Tichu?
Efficient to Sequence - do you have to discard cards first?
Does this game or similar games exist?
What is this oversized playing card deck for, with numbers 11-15 and Barons and Knights?
Do we really need the Urbanist?
Drawing an Extra Card During Mulligan
When does the 'Your turn begins' phase end?
Are there any nonland Plains?
Should a judge fix a solution agreed to by players?
Oiling fake Yunzi stones
Can you use custom made cosmetics on 40K figures?
Self-publishing options for a card came with box
Can a single checker make two hits?
Is it possible to count cards by literally counting cards?
Blackjack Strategy Chart for only hitting and standing
Agricola Family Growth importance threshold
Tapping Active Abilities when they have summoning sickness?
In Catan, why do knights allow you to move the robber and steal?
Initial setup of settlements
Topping up fields in agricola
If I untap all my attackers, do they stay attacking?
Will Neglected Heirloom ever transform back again?
Giving a creature hexproof as a response
Does End of Days affect cards underneath another card (e.g. The Dreamer's defeated Projections)?
What happens with trample when a boost is cast during damage assignment?
Do you shuffle the already played cards back into the deck when using the 'Winter Is Coming' card?
Early game bidding as Greyjoy
Is an Awakened land an OK target for Ruins of Oran-Rief?
Why does a Thunder hammer have Concussive?
Do multiple instances of Arcbond stack?
Can a Suppression Bonds cancel out another Suppression Bonds?
If condition cards run out, do investigators not gain the condition?
Babel tower tile #15 (ignore resource cost for Wonder) overpowered?
mansions of madness using a non-action equipment requires evade?
How would cooperative and foraging chain work?
Does removing a creature from the battlefield during the blockers declaration phase affect the damage the player will take?
What happens when a fortified land stops being a land?
What are the steps to becoming a rules advisor and what kind of rulings can be made by one?
How do you counter pillaging skeletons?
When to leave the 20 point?
5 card major/weak NT bidding systems
Can you play an Uno 4+ action card when you have another wild card in your hand?
Would it be possible to play through Pandemic Legacy more than once?
Is it okay to draw from the middle of the deck?
Do older versions of cards use the card types printed on the newest version?
What happens if the runner choses to play [Magnum Opus] twice?
Willbreaker vs. Silverfur Partisan who gets a wolf?
Can I deal damage to Hornet Nest multiple times before it dies?
Shard of Greed - Clarification about counters and usage
Who decides what does the informer reveal?
When I search the discard pile, which direction do I search
Does the Medic remove all cubes of cured diseases from the cities he travels through?
Does Curse of Exhaustion and Possibility Storm hard lock your opponent out of casting anything?
What is the real name of Misha's Bidding Game?
What happens if you give Defiant Bloodlord Lifelink? Infinite Health/Damage?
Starting items for investigator not available
When do spells go to the graveyard?
If I use a colorless commander, can I use colored spells?
Can I pay kicker on a creature put into play with Kaalia's ability?
Has there been known of a board game that co exists with a GM?
From which expansion is this magic the gathering card?
Creatures with Surge as Commander
Drug Dealer trigger priority
What are good tips for playing the endgame in Scrabble?
What is a good generic strategy for playing as Geralt?
Can players buy other players properties by proxy?
Mille Bornes - What is the purpose of the chips?
Do you need to complete both routes indicated on a destination card?
What happens if I set up for a "29 hand" and miss?
Agricola: What cards allow for animals be the main source of food for my family?
What is a good generic strategy for playing as Yarpen?
How much worse is Rare Re-drafting for the weakest player than opening a random pack?
I found this deck of cards and have no clue what it is called or how it is played
In carrom, what if a player pocket the last piece of other player, while queen still on the board?
Rolling One With Cowry Dice
I don't really understand how the expansions/data packs work in android netrunner
Can I use the Injury and Madness cards from Miskatonic Horror without Dunwich Horror?
How to make sure a player will not draw their own character card as target?
Is a yellow sign marker still added if the terror level increase is reduced to 0?
Which games have ever been rated #1 on Boardgamegeek.com's Geek Rating?
In Go, what is the Superko rule, and is it used universally?
In Go, is there any aji left in this corner enclosure (3-5, 4-4, 6-3), and if so, how can it be invaded?
Does Immerwolf's bonus stay after it leaves the battlefield?
Do creature tokens get removed along with the permanent that created them?
Does the Retainer card grant $2 on the first Upkeep phase?
Settlers of Catan : "Can we build after rolling a 7"
Can different Aces have different values?
Can I use Sir William Brinton's ability immediately after discovering I have to lose Stamina?
What's the best way to store Eldritch Horror with all the expansions
Can survivors with the jump skill jump into/off towers in Zombicide: Black Plague - Wulfsburg Expansion?
Coalition Honor Guard and Hexproof
Betrayal at House on the Hill -- what counts as a turn for attacks?
Teysa + Painter's servant replacement
Earthquake - does it affect units in docks?
Using the King as an attacking piece
When does Devotion change & when does a god's type change?
Do I need to keep the Ascension expansion boxes as I have the original one?
Do skill check re-rolls include dice gained from spending clue tokens?
Does adding a +1/+1 counter count as "gaining attack?"
Does killing Might Sliver before damage affect other slivers' power and toughness?
Can I use Fate Transfer to make a Thing in the Ice transform immediately?
Can i get infinite mana from Krark-Clan Ironworks and Welding Jar?
How to evaluate this board situation under Japanese or European rules
What is the easiest way to play DarkForest, probably the strongest publicly available go AI?
Does lifelink apply before life loss during combat damage?
What is the advantage of going last in Smallworld
Forbidden Island Engineer's power?
Do creatures with enchantments on them keep the enchantments if they return to the battlefield from the graveyard?
What's the difference between King of Tokyo and King of New York?
Is The Next Act Begins a valid first mythos card during setup?
Betrayal at house on the hill question about monster turns
Betrayal at House on the Hill - Mystic Elevator
Can you use Halicarnassus to build a duplicate card?
Can I play unequipped on-the-table cards in combat?
Possible to add a single build with changed value onto a preexisting build?
Assigning damage less than power
Do some combat checks occur without monsters?
Minimum score for 7 letters and what beats it
Are home-made cardstock cards durable?
What is the deck and name of this card that gives extra food?
A good counter faction to Ninja-Zombies
Positional based, strategical card games?
What's the name of the board game with dinosaur cards?
Multiple Replacement Effects for "Next Time"
Hideaway Lands and Additional Costs
Two Experiment Kraj are on the battlefield, what are their abilities?
Can a player get the second place points with no Maki Rolls in Sushi Go?
Which of the Walsh bids are alertable?
Can doors be closed in Imperial Assault?
Does Medomai the Ageless + Supplanter of Identity give me infinite turns?
Saboteur inbetween the goal cards
What advantages do you have when attacking a village in Civilization?
When does Hushwing Gryff prevent abilities from triggering?
What is this tile set with the card suites and numbers set in a 6x6 grid?
How do the various Pathfinder base sets differ?
What is this game with cards you describe, draw, or act out, decided by an electronic unit?
Clarification of cards in King of Tokyo
King Of Tokyo taking control of Tokyo
Submarines and "Defenseless" Transports in Axis and Allies
Texas Holdem: How to Score this Hand - Single Pair, 3 kickers
In which order are cards drawn from the dungeon pile
For Monarch, how do you consider which are Garments and Beasts?
What is the origins and evolutionary track of Go game?
When using Fenians' benefit, do they also add their bomb value?
No-thanks: What if a player has no card? | If a player hoards cards?
King of Tokyo card question+ dice read
In Monster My Neighbor, how is the Rumor card resolved?
I have cards to buy a road or settlement, can I buy settlement first and not place it on the board?
7 Wonders Look Through Discard Order
Is it correct to infer a second, third etc place in board games with a score?
Who takes the trick in All Five (variant of All Fours) if the 10 and Ace are played from the trump suit?
What happens if multiple people can cast the same card?
"Would draw" with "Can't draw"
Rescue from the Underworld on an unearthed creature
Different between capsa,big two and daifugo
Do multiple take control effects let me keep a card?
Adjacent Territories during setup: What is considered adjacent?
Magic The Gathering: keyword for power at least X
What led to the creation of games in antiquity?
If I rebound Seasons Past what happens?
Timing conflict with debt card effect
How to identify miniature parts that correspond to in-game enhancements?
"If you end your turn on this tile gain X stat." Power farming?
Acol Bridge card game
Unlcear about noise making as a useful tactical move
What does playability of a Scrabble word mean?
Spoons: is passing your cards w/o looking cheating?
How to determine points costs of Tau unit enhancements?
Do the UFOs over the continents get removed when they raise the terror level?
In War, what if one player runs out of cards mid-war?
Moonlight hunt with trample
Do Zombicide: Black Plague quests last a lot longer than suggested?
In a game of Hearts played by 4 good or expert playing agents, what percentage of rounds will end with a player shooting the moon?
What is the current state of the art in hearts AI?
Do bridge champions retain their abilities to a later age than those of chess or go?
Are counters the same as a creature's power/toughness?
Are you allowed to not block and let the damage slip through?
Strategies for Scattergories
What is the name of this card game?
BANG! Can I use the "Lady Rose of Texas" card to lock out the other player when it is down to two players?
What to do when you "return a Pokemon to your hand"
Send Evil Troy back to the hell that he came from! Oh, wait it's gone already?
Pokemon Japanese Pocket monster cards?
Is spellbook building with only a single core set possible?
What does the skull mean on the wheel of heal points?
How do I replace lost plastic tiles for Scrabble?
Does Keep score points when another Keep is completed?
Should West read a low card as "not" discouraging in the following situation?
Does playing a ko add a dimension to the game?
If you trigger Tree of Perdition's ability, then give the tree -13/-13, does the player go to 0 life?
Dominant strategy in chess
Does this still happen in Haunt 16 even if the traitor dies?
Landfall, land creature enter effect
Can I run Loyal Cathar in my green-white Commander deck?
When controlling an opponent's turn after casting "Emrakul, the Promised End", who is "target opponent"?
Can I build several connected roads on the same turn?
Eye of the Storm and Kicker Costs
Eye of the Storm - can I still counter spells?
Coup: Do you lose your coins when trying to assassinate a Contessa?
Poison Dart Timing
A opening bid of 1Club if followed by 1Diamond
Betrayal at Houseon the Hill - Can the Bell move explorers to unexplored rooms?
What's the best way to explain 7 Wonders to a new player?
How much land does a land card represent?
Name of the game where you are a monk collecting scriptures and could become pope?
In the Epic card game, when is event damage resolved during the attack?
Zombicide Black Plague Spawning Question
Infectious Curse vs. Tree of Perdition and Triskaidekaphobia
Does being targeted with Moonlight Hunt allow my creature to return damage?
How can I make a creature a Horror?
When to turn your alien power face up?
Hive Mind and Counterspell
Sacrifice inferno fist after creature died
About Farkle Threshold Score
Is Splendor accessible to those with red-green color-blindness?
Betrayal at House on the Hill If it's meant to be card
Full written card lists for sets MTG
Can Dead Weight be sacrificed after it kills a creature?
Are number of cards in hand public knowledge?
I tend to focus on one aspect of a game. How do I take the necessary balanced approach that's necessary in games like Seven Wonders?
Is there an Eldritch Horror variant for playing against two ancients at once?
Do instants active before combat damage is dealt?
Civilization Board Game - founding cities gives army extra move?
Must take net damage vs prevent net damage
What exactly is the "game state"?
Pokemon Evolution across types
Is Lone Rider's ability checked every turn or just the turn it was summoned?
Strategy for two blank Scrabble tiles
Are there times it's actually advantageous to wait to pay mana abilities until casting a spell?
How to fix very high impact of losing players last turn
Spoons - How to evenly distribute the spoons when playing in a rectangle
Why didn't my Deathtouch creature kill my opponent's Protean Hydra?
What should we do if we realise the Queen should have been on the board?
In Dominion: Adventures, does the discarded Traveller have to be in hand, or can it have been played?
Is bringing packs that have a higher chance of a mythic rare to a draft cheating?
Can you bring cards with altered art to FNM?
Klondike Solitaire - what to do if 1 or 2 cards are left in the stock?
Multiple alteration spells?
Agricola : In general, is a balanced play style more successful, or all in themed play style?
What is the actual name of this card game similar to Go Fish, but with teams and complications?
Is using 1 die when all but 1 piece is in home and the last piece near home ok, or do i use both dice like usual?
Jacoby transfer bid after responder bids
BRIDGE - What to do with 5 or more trumps in my partners (opening) major?
Can a player choose not to move in Quoridor?
In a four person game of Quoridor, can a player be forced to pass a turn?
MTG question about stack/effect resolving
Sliding Tile Board Game--Lingo Bingo?
Is there a special name for the following kind of "tenace" and are there "special" kinds of tactics regarding it?
The Oregon Trail Card Game: can I talk about my supply cards?
Can I remove a creature someone's sacrificing for an Emerge cost?
Sequence of turns after two Emrakul, the Promised End
Difference between unit and target unit?
Order of resolution of creatures abilities triggered by combat damage
Equip from same Equipment, two times on stack (Leonin Shikari)
Can I kill an indestructible creature with -X/-X and sufficient damage marked on it?
Additional Turns and Emrakul, the Promised End
Bridge - 2 club opening (playing standard american) with shape and not HCP?
7 Wonders: Why do resources on the board have colored background?
Which adventure should I start in Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous Adventure Card Game?
Revolver Question
Do multiple instances of paying extra mana to target a permanent stack?
Questions on banding and combat damage
Is prompting players with alternate moves poor etiquette?
In the Pokemon Card Game what is a group of Pokemon called?
What should I prepare for a Star Wars X-Wing tournament?
250gsm stock good enough for cards?
Voldaren Pariah is exiled while transforming
Five-Year plan - defcon suicide?
"Taking the rest" in the card game Hearts
Bridge Responders Jump shows a preempt or points...Playing Standard American
Spend mana as though it were mana of any color and Sunburst/Converge
Are there any other card packs for Agricola other than the E, I, and K?
MTG Does "Emerging" cause summoning sickness?
Can I use expansions with the second edition without owning the first edition?
Why does Spell Queller prevent spells from resolving?
Some cards in my deck are heads down, can opponent force me to fix that?
Remove card from game go in trash in Dead of winter?
Overrun place locked in Dead of winter?
Which Order Cards Resolve from Stack - MTG
Does Classic Egyptian Rat Screw have Marriages?
Blood Bowl: Would a Dwarf team of mostly blockers be feasible?
In MTG, can you counter a spell that requires cards to be revealed after they are revealed?
If the starting card is a Wild, does the starting player still play after picking a color?
Clone legion - multiple creatures enter battlefield at same time
What happens to the current color when you successfully challenge a Wild Draw 4?
How many cards can I hold? (How do conflicting effects work?)
Do I have to reveal all allies found by Munda, Ambush Leader?
Bridge - Standard American
Tamiyo's Journal and the Legend Rule
Use case for Plough Driver, Groom, & Manservant in Agricola
How much damage do I deal? (How is damage dealt if an attacker gains power as combat damage is being assigned?)
Can I use Jyn Odan's Quick Draw if I don't have line of sight normally, but do with Trick Shot?
Does the Valkyrie have to win to earn extra glory?
How many times can you pillage the same province in Blood Rage?
Usual size for D6 dice?
Carcassonne interaction between "The Robbers" and "The Messages"
How many poison counters warrant an EDH loss?
Can I sacrifice creatures that are attacking before they are blocked?
Do these count as electronics for the purpose of Electro?
Exotic Orchard and Command Tower
Does Unsubstantiate work on graveyard or exiled cards?
Merchants and Marauders NPC Combat Decisions
Dominion - bold and regular type: which action comes first?
In a single-avatar game, what do the other main characters do?
Is there negative marking when destination cards are drawn and not enough trains are left?
Response to Selvala, Heart of the Wilds triggered ability
magnetic mat for card sorting game
Does first strike damage occur before normal damage?
Which expansions should not be used together in Carcassonne?
What is different between regular Catan and Simply Catan?
What does "reveal" mean in this context?
King of Tokyo: Healing in Tokyo City/Bay
Can the Tower capture the Wagon and/or the Mayor in Carcassonne
In a two-player game, is it allowed to choose the flag symbol to bid 0 during war?
What are the rules of the mysterious game with "phát tài" written on the box?
Can Aphotic Wisps be cast on a black creature that has fear?
what is this card game about making an anime or anime character
Identify an unknown letter cube game (not Boggle)
Alternative play for Splendor
MTG What happens if a creature's toughness is reduced to 0 but immediately raised?
Does Rally the Righteous affect heroic?
Can Goblins conquer Lost Tribe regions for one less token?
Prismatic omen and gruul turf
Divination and Psychosis Crawler
Does the Machine Gun also affect the player using it?
Retreating to the unrevealed rebel base
Is solo play meant to use just 3 heroes?
Killing Avacyn Before She Transforms During Upkeep?
Can my opponent play a madness cost of 3 or below if "Brisela, Voice of Nightmares" is in play?
When is it best to break Hearts?
Can I make decisions while searching my library based on what order it is in?
Can you attack/deal damage an ally?
Can an Aura be attached to itself?
Can "Crabs Adjust Humidity" be used as an expansion to "Cards Against Humanity"?
More four-player Quoridor shenanigans
If someone surrenders can I check their graveyard?
Is a draw possible in Quarto with the advanced rules?
Is Parcheesi simply an alternate name for Pachisi? Or are they significantly different games?
How likely is Solitaire to be unwinnable?
Playing a card on Hanabi: choose the pile first, or play it and then check?
Are there standards for Bridge robots
How should Bone Splinters and Mirrorwing Dragon work?
Do subtype changes remain after a card is transformed?
Does a player always have to have destination tickets on-hand?
Is "Sequencing Breakthrough" applied only to a single player
can you give me a website that has a list of prices for old mtg cards?
How much would you revalue your hand after finding a "double fit?"
Can ghost replenish hand in Reveal the Culprit phase
A trail card says I pass if I roll an even number and die if I roll a 1. What happens if I roll a 3 or 5?
Instantaneous creature death and checking conditions
Can an Influence Disc be moved to an adjacent hex if there is no other influenced hex adjacent to that target hex?
Do other wolves wake up during the werewolf phase in ONUW?
Does anyone know where i can find more information about It's Just a Theory?
In bridge, what happens if a bidder makes a wrong bid that can't be corrected?
Should players recount their moves during deliberation in Werewolf? What if no werewolves?
Are ships unable to heal between battles when multiple parties are present in the same hex?
Playing Hidden Predators after an opponent already controls a large creature
Will state triggers cause a draw if their condition is always true?
Do the back side of double-faced cards have a color?
How do dual lands and their mana work?
What does Hallowed Moonlight actually exile?
Is a player forced to cast a spell which originally had an illegal target?
How does exiling cards for Delve work?
How do I activate Dauntless Cathar's ability?
What's the use of blinking a creature out (such as with Essence Flux)?
Penalties involved in withholding knowledge of a rule violation
Why would I want to increase the costs of creatures that I cast?
Can I use a weapon that makes noise when there's no room for more noise tokens?
Does Summary Dismissal Send a Transformed Card to the graveyard?
A player to skip combat phase in Two-Headed Giant
Pokemon Asleep Status
Does a dedicated transport for a troops unit retain objective secured after the troops disembark?
do all players win star realms pirates co-op
Can a unit use a markerlight token to fire a seeker missile at BS 5 after jinking?
When do I discard a card for Skeleton Key?
When should I lead a trump?
How have coop board games prevented a player(s) from taking over decision making
Can I cast Quarantine Field with Brisela in play for my opponent?
2 Hg Team damage vs player damage
How are mines triggered in Captain Sonar?
In Trajan, can a player get a bonus tile with zero votes on the senate track?
looking for an old game it had a battery operated ball
Can sheriff replenish his extra life point?
Hidden Schemes if third location is a sea zone?
What do dusk and dawn count as in Fury of Dracula 3rd ed?
Is there a game that doesn't rely on luck or skill?
Can I spell queller a reduced-cost spell?
Can I bring multiple prerelease packs into a prerelease tournament?
How can Glacial Chasm be useful?
Can I use Smite the Monstrous on creatures given increased power/toughness?
How to improve Blessed vs Cursed duel deck?
Can I use pump spells with Fighting?
Does moving the wagon after scoring stop you from taking the fairy?
If a "Protection from" effect negates damage, is it still considered "damage dealt"?
Pandemic Special Orders
If the blue Taoist kills a ghost that blocks his ability to seek help and fight in the same turn, can he then seek help from a villager?
Is there a significant advantage to being at an 8 person pod over a 6 person pod?
Should I get $200 for passing "Go" if I then get a card that says "don't collect $200"?
If something is exiled and checked for simultaneously, does the check yield "true"?
Bioroid 2.0 Ice: can runner spend 2 clicks more than once?
Physical representation of static effects
Haunt #43 The Star Sickness very confused
If damage is redirected infinitely, does the game end in a draw?
Does the School of Magic count as all colours, or do you choose one colour when it's played and it is that colour permanently?
Why is Pot of Greed banned?
What is the timing of activation conditions for mastermind abilities?
Does "'Collapsing Parallel Worlds" remove Locations that are in play?
Do free buildings give accumulated victory points?
Does Harvester of Souls trigger its own death trigger when it dies
Creatures pumping each other and combat damage
Is "create a token" the same as "put a token onto the battlefield" in Kaladesh?
Can a player with cards pass but not declare end of round?
How do you play Scrapheap Scrounger's ability?
Boss monster spell cards
What is the origin of the term "converted mana cost"?
Difference between +1+1 and +1+1 counters
When do I need to choose a target for "Enters the battlefield" triggers?
How to open with Baratheon at Game of Thrones Board Game?
What datacards should a chaos space marines player use in a maelstrom of war game?
In Bohnanza: Gangsters, does the Mafia act in phase 4?
Are there Magic: The Gathering lore books for the recent blocks?
May I choose a planet to attack in an opposing system where I already have tokens?
In Bonanza: Gangsters, can the mafia steal more than one card during phase 4?
Cards that untap lands on opponents' turns
Are there systems or experts that will deduct a point for weak tripletons?
In player v player combat, can a player resume attacking after I have passed?
Confused in the capabilities of Power Gem in Munchkin:Marvel
Can an opponent folding make you go from probable winner to probable loser?
Does Persist, Modular, and Hardened Scales give me an infinite loop?
Moment of selecting a target from an ability of a planeswalker
Are Keeps and Mage Towers the only sites where failing to defeat an enemy forces you off the space?
"Target attacking creature gets -3/-0 until end of turn" Help a noob out!
Does an Ebonblade Reaper holding a Quietus Spike kill players?
Splendor: can I use gem coins instead of development cards?
Warhammer 40k Dark Eldar+Harlequins
What does skipping a draw phase mean for an opponent in Gloom?
In Caylus what is the point of placing a worker at the gate
Does Proliferate work with Energy Counters?
Where can I play diplomacy online?
What is the colored part of a mana cost called?
Mechanic for secret actions in a card game
Magic card has clear deformity, options?
How do I search for cards without a casting cost (excluding {0})?
MTG Lifelink Before Death?
A card game that has an ultimate skill for each character
Why isn't Selvala, Explorer Returned's ability restricted from being used as a mana ability?
Identify: time travelling game
When does Adam choose and install Directives?
Can a captain take money from someone who died blocking or challenging it?
Can I choose that crossroad option?
AGoT: Attacking and winning unit dies
What happens when Annihilation is played in combat on a monster that is not the last played card?
Do defeated keeps increase the hand size for allies?
Activating abilites of enchantments
Why does this ability have its mana cost written twice?
Game with 37 diagonally-oriented holes, 10 black pegs and 10 white pegs
Where (or to whom) do sold items go?
Draft Defaults: Common Baseline Stats
Does Erebos lose indestructible when he becomes a creature?
Can you have more than one god card in a deck?
UNO with card stacking rules
Does a melded creature remain melded when it leaves the battlefield?
Choosing same color after Wild (+4)
What is the probability that a player is dealt 3 kings in a single euchre hand?
What is the name of this solitaire game?
Exchanging in Jaipur
Until end of turn effects and Doubling Season
Borborygmos Enraged's ability around dying in combat
What exactly is Legendary Cube/Vintage Cube in MTG Online?
Can I pause a game of Magic: The Gathering to read and understand a card?
Diplomacy Support Question?
In multiplayer, can a player concede abusively?
Which expansions are safe to mix?
Tokens and how blocking works
Examples of steady play in Go games?
Meaning of "it's still a land"
What happens when I blink a Manic Scribe multiple times?
How is Inventor's Apprentice affected by multiple artifacts?
Redirecting damage to my own planeswalker
Changing targets for a spell with a variable number of targets
Can a Diplomacy player pick and choose which unit to support?
Exact Same Poker Hand: Who Wins or Tie?
Is there anything stopping the crownholder taking the King card every turn?
OZ fluxx Tin Woodman vs the Fighting Trees
What does Tarot card size mean
When resolving "destroy X when Y enters the battlefield", must I choose a target if the only available one is my own?
Poker Chip Alternative
Forbidden Pepsi Pogs
Enchantments vs Instants in Combat Phase
Sorceries in Combat phase
The Duke - Assassin Movement
In Star Wars: Imperial Assault, what information should be revealed to the Rebel players in the campaign?
In bridge, is there a penalty if dummy incorrectly lays down his hand?
Magic The Gathering: Where To Begin
What tools exist to manage an M:TG tournament?
Can I sacrifice 5 creatures?
How does copying work with Storm?
MTG Android App for Cataloging
Can I have priority passed back to me during spell resolution, so that I can do more with my own spell?
What does "Wakanda" actually do?
Does "when ~ dies, deal n damage to all players/creatures" have a name?
Werewolves of Miller's Hollow Tie
Do markerlights put on a unit embarked in a dedicated transport remain on the passengers after the vehicle is destroyed?
What happens if you have more than 7 cards in your hand at the end of a turn in Jaipur?
Are a group of abilities added to the stack all on the stack, or each resolves before the next one goes on the stack?
Penalties for Thursday theatre slot in Trickerion
King of Tokyo: Number of points/hearts
Delayed effects after player's loss
What are the criteria for the best move in Scrabble?
Is the dealer's hand considered soft if he hits himself with an ace?
Is the CMC of a creature that is enchanted the cost of the enchantment and the creature combined?
When does paying activated ability costs occur in mtg?
Catan: Cities and Knights- barbarian attack with a differential of 2
The travellers score sheets were not filled for two deals how is the scoring done
MTG What happens if the player can't fulfil Iridescent Drake ability
What is the order of resolution of abilities during the damage step?
If my walker is in base with a vehicle can it shoot AND attack?
Counter Emerge Spell
What happens to a spell that is cast with flashback when it gets countered by a Remand?
Does everyone need a set in a LCG
Does Bound by Moonsilver prevent crewing?
Manland and Sentinel of the Eternal Watch
Wolf Form - one or two damage?
Can Jenny Barnes' enable someone to use acquire assets a second time?
Orléans: endgame - beneficial deeds and development track
How does Energy Field interact with effects that say you lose life?
Ship Movement Question Axis and Allies 1940 Global (Rules 2.0)
How does Camouflage interact with "can't be blocked by more than one creature"?
Game where you draw a path on an overlay
How can I find a FNM-competitive affordable deck?
Combat Damage Steps (Double Strike) and Sacrificing a Creature
Which player is affected by Tolarian Winds?
Mining the Howling Mine
If I Donate a Glacial Chasm, will my opponent have to sacrifice a land?
Donate Combo Needed
Can books be counted as books even if some points were used to cover points left in the hand and foot?
Does Heroic trigger on a static effect?
When does Depala's ability happen?
Acrobatic manuever and blocking
South African and Mozambican board games?
Crewing vehicles with dead crews
What happens to Kajia's insect tokens on death?
Who gets enters-the-battlefield abilities with Bribery?
Boggle Jr 8 dice letters
What can we do with a player who camps in a table top game?
Scythe: Can I leave resources in the lake?
Sylvan primordial destroying detention sphere that previously exiled primeval bounty,
Furyblade Vampire vs Blinding Mage
Do enchantments of Crew carry over to Vehicles?
How do players remember all the various effects?
During the untap step, can I copy a vehicle with Felhide Spiritbinder's Inspired trigger?
Can proliferate be applied to loyalty counters?
What are my odds of drawing the rest of my deck
Question Regarding Movement
Am I missing a limitation on double strike (for star wars lcg)?
How can I find games similar to a certain type?
Can a player change perspective after entering the center?
What resolves first? Creatures abilities or instants?
Munchkin: Charity: Giving cards to someone who has 5 already
Munchkin: carrying vs equipped
How to hook beginners on galaxy trucker by giving them an extra turbulent round one
How can I make a game of Memoir '44 last longer?
How does "Exile and return to battlefield" work with a Manifest
Pocketing last c/m along with striker
Does Welcome Decks 2016 contain cards that aren't reprints?
Can I disable Sliver Overlord's abilities with Pithing Needle?
Would Loyalty Abilities be negated by Pithing Needle?
Is there any way to remove an emblem?
When does the activated ability resolve?
What are the uses of holding priority?
Does monocolored hybrid mana count within that color's identity?
Question about mana.
Can I suspend Ith, High Arcanist as my commander directly from the command zone?
Is K-K-K-K-A-A-A-A-4-7 a valid hand in Dou Dizhu (aka "Fighting The Landlord")?
Confused on helping and wandering monsters in munchkin zombies
Can I sacrifice and regenerate Augur of Skulls multiple times in the same turn?
Can I use Deathwind with Isochron Scepter?
Does Diffusion Sliver protect from boardwipe spells and sacrifice spells?
What happens with two Pledges of Loyalty attached to the same creature?
In Risk Legacy, when are the "come-back" powers active? (Spoilers)
STD. AMERICAN - 2 over 1, Bidding with a 5 card major and 16 points
Does Raving Dead deal damage before halving opponent's life?
Can abilities target themselves?
What are the causes (and cures) for bridge experts' mistakes?
Council chamber action in Village
How many players do you need for M:TG drafting?
Magic the Gathering: Chaining Instants during combat phase
After Lethal first strike damage to indestructible creature, will it still do damage?
Is voluntarily revealing a card from your hand considered proposing?
How do bunkers work in Risk Legacy?
Fiend Binder's triggered ability
What happens when someone references the Masons. Ultimate Werewolf
Drafting without being able to look at your picks?
Oregon Trail Card Game Oxen
Can a runner make a run on an "empty" remote server?
What is this hexagonal board game with 10 marbles to a side?
Settlers of Catan ended in argument, your thoughts?
Revoke in duplicate bridge
In magic, if a attacker attacks with a 2/1 and I defend with a 1/2 who dies
Pocketing the striker while covering the Queen
If I draw an enemy that is discarded because it cannot spawn, do I draw another encounter?
Can I discard clues from the Cover Up card when at a location with no clues?
What is the average number of turns in a game of Monopoly?
If there are two or more abilities that go off on the upkeep, can a creature's activated ability go off preventing the second?
Do I discard weaknesses when they are done?
What color is a crewed vehicle?
What are the rules on revokes in bridge game
Can the same ability be triggered multiple times?
Is the total damage dealt from a source effectively parceled out across any number of assets?
Roll dice to see who goes first in Monopoly
Balancing a Momentum Mechanic
Can I cast instants in response to my opponent declaring blockers?
Does anyone know this card game
How can I get red mana immediately?
How does Imp Temple scale with multiple people and multiple discards?
Mechanics for interactivity in card games
Is this a case where a figure doesn't have LOS to an enemy because another figure it doesn't have LOS to is in the way?
1993 collectors edition sealed box
Star Wars: Rebellion - How many mission cards can have leaders assigned to?
Is there a portable / travel / pocket Dixit, without a large / bulky board but same riddling gameplay?
What is the board game featured in this Houkago Saikoro Kurabu picture?
Sea Searpent during invasion of Fire Giant in Blood Rage
Frigga's Protection multiple use in single battle
Axis and Allies 1940 Multinational Defense, AAA and Radar
How to combat Cascade in Commander
Does the mission to conquer 9 territories in one turn require them to be occupied?
What are Ulamog, the Ceaseless Hunger's abilities counted as?
What the value of a misprinted Graverobber Spider?
How to tell from which expansion a card is?
Ulamog, the ceaseless hunger and strionic resonator combo
Is the roof a floor?
Do all expansions have to be bought in pairs to maintain playability for 3-4 players?
Account Siphon on the corp with < 5 credits in the bank
Multiple Ordeals of Nylea on one creature
Sacrifice creature question (Magic the gathering)
Can a creature with 0 power attack?
In Commander, if a player causes all of my cards to become a color other than the colors of my commander, do I lose the game?
What does the "nonland" restriction mean?
Will Panharmonicon entering the battlefield duplicate ETBs it triggers?
Damage Trample and Lifelink which cause Damage
in monopoly do you collect 200 if you get sent to the nearest trainstation or fleet street but the card doesn't state collect or do not collect on it
Do Mox Opal + Arcbound Ravager + Scrap Trawler make an infinite combo?
Is the Chancellor + Harbinger combo a viable Dominion strategy?
Do automatic battles end your turn in Neuroshima Hex?
If a spell is countered, do on cast effects still get triggered?
Does Yidris, Maelstrom Wielder's cascading reoccur with cascaded spells?
Do I get to fetch a basic land when putting my commander in the command zone for Path to Exile?
What does Leovold, Emissary of Trest & Teferi's Puzzle Box do to opponent's hands?
Does the spell cast with Yahenni's Expertise resolve before state-based effects are checked?
7 Wonders Duel: Age cards before or after Wonder selection?
Fairness of Cowry Shells as Dice
Exploring locations in Pathfinder
What happens if I pocket the Striker at the same time as I cover the Queen?
Replace exploration by skill, and then exploring in Pathfinder
Bang! pocket and expansions
When I get rewarded with a crystal and already have 3, do I forfeit the reward?
How does the Office room work?
Is there an extensive source where one can look up artworks of Magic: The Gathering expansions?
Can Reveillark bring itself back from the graveyard?
Does Haste make attacking a must?
Is there a term for games that use kinetics?
Game With Space Battles
Where can I find "Risk Express" dice?
Does Copperhorn Scout untap land creatures?
Why isn't "Agricola: All Creatures Big and Small" called "Agricola: All Creatures Great and Small"?
Do the Collector's Sets (e.g. Premium Gold) contain/equal booster packs?
Four Player Card Game Where Players are Kings
Can you raise the CMC with Geist-Fueled Scarecrow?
Can I activate an ability if that ability has no legal targets?
In Mancala, can you pick up the stones if your last stone lands in a hole that isn't empty?
Can activated abilities be used multiple times on a single target?
How should one handle miscommunication being abused?
Fiery Temper and Electrostatic Pummeler on the Stack
Is there a game similar to Bloodborne the Card Game with a lighter theme?
Pump spell sequence in MTG
Is an artifact creature considered an artifact?
Power Grid removing lowest plant if first player passes
What is the purpose of bonus points in gin rummy?
How do sorcery spells resolve?
Where to buy Onslaught?
Progressive draw 2 and draw 4 uno
Instants - are the creatures blocked or not?
Harnessed Lightning combat
Can a runner play events during the run?
Where can I find the value of cards from the Dragon Ball Z Trading Card Game?
What's the game with a 5x5 array of words, players who give clues, and players who guess the words?
Trample and double strike
Pictionary rules clarification
Hexproof and the stack
Do effects that can destroy a Commander and generate a token prevent the Commander from being put in the Command Zone?
What is the standard rule for running 12-1?
Can an immobile vehicle expend movement points?
What happens when you stack "unblockable" and "unblockable except by"?
MTG Deadlock Trap
Can you buy a property after being sent by a chance card?
Electrostatic Pummeler with Animation Module
Does a Seeker of the Way affected by Arcbond deal one batch, or multiple sets, of damage?
Do counters combine? Can three +1/+1 counters be considered one +3/+3 counter?
Discarding Damage Cards vs Discarding Upgrade Cards
If I can cast "target instant card" from my graveyard can I cast a card that has Flash?
How many units can a new factory produce?
Hexproof and reflector mage
Can I re-equip an equipped artifact to the same creature?
What's this round token depicting a knight?
How on earth do I crew a non-vehicle?
Does the result of the last game of Euchre determine who gets to deal first in the next game?
Can I play Gonti, Lord of Luxury's exiled card after he leaves the battlefield?
Does Precursor Golem let me target all golems in the graveyard?
Can Gearseeker Serpent's cost be reduced below two mana if exiled by Gonti, Lord of Luxury?
Moving across locations
Digging without cards
Blinking a creature equipped w Stitcher's Graft
Detention sphere triggers
What does "menace" mean?
Gold Rush and Dynamite
Does land count as a colored permanent?
Can I exile a token from the graveyard?
Is it valid to place Draw 4 on a Draw 4, while having the colour set by the first Draw 4?
Our copy of Mansion of Madness, second edition doesn't contain the original 8 investigators cards, is this correct?
Texas Holdem Board deals a straight
Does someone really need to play Harry in the Dresden Files Cooperative Card Game?
Catan robber rules
Can the initial Rummikub meld build on other player's tiles?
Multiple War Raptors on a Base
Are the Munchkin original and Munchkin Guest Artist Editions identical?
Can I have two similar legendary creatures on the field?
In Go can you put a counter in a place that had a prisoner
Ashes : How do you play with 4 player?
Adding dice to checks in Pathfinder: Rise of the Runelord
How many haunts or traitors will there be in a game?
Can the last player in a trick win with Change Rage?
Long Neck card in evolutuon
Coup: Can you assassinate yourself?
Should every Fatty still come with two Walkers?
Zombicide Combat Rule - Multiple Dice
Discard pile on phase 10 game
Fury of Dracula 3rd Ed. Stake vs Seduction
What is this Soviet Russian game featuring a complex path on a black background?
Monopoly : Is buying properties second time round a house rule or official rule?
Dealing Age 3 - what to do with the two extra cards?
How does one evaluate a "locomotive" (rainbow card) in "Ticket to Ride?"
How should I alert this 1D opening?
Is the click a part of install cost?
Should I forfeit an agenda when rezzing Archer via Priority Requisition?
What happens if an Ice's subroutine can't be resolved?
How does Terrarion work?
Smallworld: Can I conquer regions occupied by my own In Decline token?
Loki's Blessing clan upgrade in Yggdrasil during a game of Blood Rage
Frigga's Protection and Odin's Chosen in game of Blood Rage
Game of Thrones: Declaring a March to various adjacent territories at the same time
Game of Thrones: Are Tides of Battle cards used when attacking a neutral force?
Can Zombies be killed by the Revolver? N21
Game of Thrones: When exactly to use the Valyrian Steel Blade when playing with Tides of Battle?
How would a "blocking" strategy play differently in Ticket to Ride than other strategies?
What happens when an Animate Dead reanimates a dormant god?
Thebes: extending your turn past the end of the last year
Multi event scoring system
Entering Tokyo - 2 specific questions
Sacrifice create before it gets destroyed
Jace memory adept 0 ability with less than 10 cards
Can I advance an agenda over it's scoring cost?
Use of Jokers in Poker
Ticket to Ride, UK Expansion: are technology cards kept after use?
Turn Aside and Noxious Gearhulk
In Takenoko does the player have to choose both their actions before performing either
What is this deception-based party game?
King of Tokyo: Acid Attack
When and how do I use token and checklist cards?
When do you draw loose tiles in Chinese Mahjong?
Legendary Encounters - Alien: Freeing captives in the "Who's laying the eggs?" objective (spoilers)
What is the difference between an artifact and a creature?
Is there more strategy with the two card variation of Candyland?
Is Apocalypse still a rule set in 7th edition and are the books still useful
Bang! Is a Bang needed to shoot back with Backfire?
If James Baxter gives me a Creeper can I discard it
An Outlaw gets Married. Where should the Origin Token be placed now?
When using Alvin & Dexter with TtR:Europe what are the rules about cities with existing train stations?
Where can I find a list of Magic expansions?
Pandemic Legacy Researcher relationship (Feb spoliers)
Betrayal at House on the Hill, Haunt 52 question
Eldritch Horror skill test for multiple combat encounters on same turn
Do you have to draw an omen/event/item card as soon as you enter the room?
Occult Research for azathoth on Eldritch Horror
Will Evoke trigger on a creature that's returned to the battlefield from the graveyard?
How do you become a toad in Talisman?
Revealing a card in Harry Potter Hogwart's Battle
What sets are legal in Momir Basic?
King of Tokyo: Damage dealt on first entry in to Tokyo
Card game with jokers and set completion
Bridge and limitations for Dummy
Can I play blessed alliance after damage resolves to make him sac a creature I didn't kill?
Can one caravan touch one oasis at multiple adjacent spaces?
Star Wars Armada: does a squadron command give a squadron an extra turn?
How does Decommission (and Revolt) work with multiple permanents leaving the battlefield?
Betrayal at House on the Hill, Haunt 42: can Explorers be used if they are killed by an event? (spoiler)
Multiple players considered last on Charity board in Medieval Academy
Where do you put the reward you gain when attacking Draco/zombies?
Does the Town Hall count toward the Architect mission?
In bridge, how low an "unlucky" percentage would a good player guard against?
In Hogwart's Battle, do villain cards negate rewards from defeating a villain?
Can a Bristling Hydra activate Hexproof when an instant is cast?
How does the new card Exquisite Archangel work with different ways of losing?
Are players who are turned into monsters by the traitor affected negatively by the house?
Can a noncreature artifact be destroyed by reducing toughness?
How do you identify (and resolve) "critical path" issues in Ticket to Ride?
What Dominion cards have artwork featuring different versions of the same object?
Order of resolution on same player controlled cards
Help identify the game that this board with marbles and a drawn pattern is used to play
Iron will and negative pass-effects. Loophole?
Does copying a clue count as investigating?
Can you use a base's ability twice by returning it to your hand with Mega Mech?
What is the Goods Station referred to in Scotland Yard
What is this game involving moving circular levels and small balls that get moved up and down them?
History of “Aggravation” board design
Do the rules in the "Open the first time a faction is eliminated" packet apply retroactively?
Will multiple Exquisite Archangels give me many extra chances, or just one?
Can I tap a land creature for mana *and* attack with it?
Victory Point Cards at the End of the Game
Yu-gi-oh! is it worth it?
What happens if the legend rule doesn't apply to only one of a pair of legendary creatures with the same name?
White token in catan cities and knights
Is there any harm in leaving board games out in a car during cold weather?
Does Femme Fatale target exactly 1 ice, or all with same name?
Search for a board game
Can a reverse follow a 2-over-1 response?
What is this die for?
Identify a 70's board game involving finding objects a house using cards
Is it legal to pick up cars from a previously claimed route and replay them elsewhere?
Card for changing the type of lands in the library
What would happen if you made Spellskite Hexproof?
In Split, should one cross out 200
Why is this move considered bad?
Pandemic Legacy: Question about missions (Spoilers)
What happens if Always Watching is destroyed mid-combat?
Warhammer 40k traitor legions-favored of tzeench special rule
How to defeat an active Digglet Pokemon when oppenent has an additional on bench
Can you use an ability and scrap a card in the same turn?
In Catan Jr, what happens when a resource is gone and players should receive more of it?
Warlock Quest is to take life from another player, but I'm not allowed to attack them. Can I complete the quest?
Do the counters that Ring of Thune adds stay with the ring or the creature?
What editions of Acquire have durable pieces?
If a card were to have every keyword created, what would the order of them be?
Forbidden island taking items
Do you know this card game (mafia themed)?
How can I houserule Arkham Horror to include having one player character attacking another player character?
Does Forbidden Words affect the character or player or both?
What exactly does the "structures in a row" end game bonus mean?
Will countering a spell that left the stack still trigger abilities?
Mansion Of Madness- Discarded combat cards specific type of combat(sharp,melee)
How do I search the collection for a weakness?
Does drawing the tentacle chaos token imply a failure with test result 0?
Are there any legal go arrangements that can never occur in an actual game?
"Wrath of God" -VS- "Chord of Calling" + "Selfless Spirit" sacrificed in response
How do I (self) publish a pencil and paper game?
What are these wooden dice with X's and O's on 2 sides?
Proper use of stations, only as connecters/extenders or in place of built track?
Does reach apply to Way of the Sarlacc's adjacent figures?
What's different in San Juan's second edition?
What is the benefit of having an "Inflict X damage to your opponent" spell card that does less damage than others?
How to prevent heroes running past my defenses?
Can you crew a Vehicle that is already a creature?
Are mission tokens considered Figures for sake of hero abilities?
Pokémon Trading cards, mix & match?
Shadows over Innistrad Starter Box
Rules about claiming a tunnel in ticket to ride Switzerland
Vampiric Link on opponents creature
Can you sacrifice Implement of Ferocity in response to a revolt trigger?
Insufficient coins to steal
Canceling a creature spell during combat
Hierarchy of dying - Is this Venn Diagram accuarate/complete
Crushinator and Bom Boy Factory
Looking for rules for board game called "Music Game"
What happens if Kokusho, the Evening Star dies under someone else's control?
Selfless Spirit Vs Unsummon
Does the elephant get bigger when I bring in the ballista?
Collected company + Eternal witness
Bloodlust questions
Is Talisman the same as or associated in any way with Heroquest?
Does shooting the second ship in the alert queue still cause an alert to take its place?
Fire token pawn returned to start by opponent
How does searching a library with Planar Bridge work?
Can a creature have negative toughness?
What constitutes a month?
Does Unbridled Growth provide two mana or one?
A multiplayer board game catching eggs down a chute with a cart
How could you change what creature a creature with soulbond is paired with?
Does drawing a card still end your movement after the haunt has begun?
How concise can I get the Soulbond boilerplate in a homebrew card without functional changes?
Can I use level/rank changing effects on Xyz monsters?
How to resolve multiple "at the start of turn" effects when one changes another?
Splice Onto Arcane - Rulings
Is it possible to generate mana at instant speed when tapped out
What happens if Matter Reshaper reveals a land?
When I buy expansions, should I take out duplicate bases?
Is there custom boardgame leaderboard online?
Can Ronan of the Wild use Pico himself?
Help Identify: 2-player Kingdom building Board Game with role selection
Can you sacrifice a creature you block with to fulfill Annihilator?
What happens if, after battle, board is still full?
Help identify: multi-player but single character role playing game
Rivals for Catan AoE Islands of Scholars Clarification
Does undying triggers an addition of counter?
What is the mass (or density) of the average Jenga block?
Can I still trade 4:1 with the bank if I own any 3:1 or 2:1 port(s) just to get rid of more cards?
Does the priority antenna direct a line straight toward the main board before sweeping clockwise?
Do I earn two energy cubes if I end my 5th register on an energy space?
Can you shoot and use upgrades on the reboot token if you arrived there without rebooting?
Does Admin Privilege allow you to set your robot to any priority level?
If Dragonlord Silumgar dies during combat, when does the creature he stole change control?
What happens when you are hemmed in?
Betrayal at House on the Hill: Do I have to pickup items that I draw?
Are Raw Materials stored lost?
Is chest loot in "real gold" or "gold tokens"?
Do mines pay out at the end of the last phase in Castles of Burgundy?
Help me refind this 3d go variant - pieces can be stacked in a pyramid fashion
What are these number cards for?
Do cards acquired with The Amazing Spider-Man count as extra draws?
If I gain control of an equipped creature, do I keep the equipment when it dies?
Can I make a card that places a +1/+1 counter on an enchantment that isn't a creature?
Are TCG's the only class of games that have lists of Banned or Restricted pieces?
King of Tokyo - All Monsters in Tokyo
Do effects that remove abilities also remove counters?
Can I deal combat damage with a 1/1 Walking Ballista and deal damage with its ability?
Arcbound Ravager and Shortcuts
Zombicide Black Plague Intro game board blocked?
Can I sacrifice the same permanent for two different sacrifice costs?
Is a monster considered "destroyed" if I tribute it?
Pawn movement in Chess?
Brigette Supporter: Does Pokemon GX considered EX?
Is Metallic Mimic the chosen creature type when it enters the battlefield?
Splitting the pot without showing hands
Diplomacy Attacking a Territory as they move
Power Grid Deluxe - Discard Power plant in market
Mainland production numbers go to new islands (Settlers of Catan app)
Does a Joker has the value of the number it represents?
Recurring nightmare-Pia's Revolution
How do Light Foot attack and defend in Chainmail?
Magic The Gathering: probability of casting a 3 drop on turn 3
Can I enchant tokens too?
Bite Omen Card (and other similar cards)
In Chariot Race, do you incur a cornering penalty on being knocked back onto a numbered space after ramming?
Timing of ability when Control Minion used
What spells affect Planeswalkers in MTG?
Love letter: If you discard a constable and lose, do you get an affection token?
What Dominion Cards use victory tokens?
Double strike blocked by a double strike?
Where should I place tokens via Builder resolved from another server?
Eater trashed during the run: still can't acess card during the run?
Invoking abilities not needed in order to charge Net Mercur
To what extent is a Runner forced to take actions to pay for a Tollbooth?
Do Warhammer models that have no models have specific dimensions stated any where?
What's the most valuable Avalon Hill wargame?
Does my counter to a spell have to be relevant?
What are the differences between first and second edition Yomi?
Breaking ICE - exactly how should strength be treated?
5 card major bridge
Balance of Numbers on dice
Color Plastic Sheeps As Game Pawns
Does the Quarantine Specialist prevent Epidemic in connected cities?
Does a tapped or removed attacking creature still deal its damage?
Can I tap permanents if it's not a cost?
Do you lose/gain any life when you drain yourself
Runs on remotes which end up empty or non-existent: successful or not?
Oregon Trail Card Game: What happens when you run out of supply cards?
Has there ever before been card text that had no effect with cards from the same block?
Devoured while lost in time and space
Does the "CDC Planes Grounded" emergency event prevent the First Responder's ability?
Does the "Disease Zones Expand" emergency event only apply to cities with cubes of more than one color?
Are chain reaction outbreaks considered part of the original outbreak, in regards to "Containment Failure"
How can one use the "Guest Option" in Rankade?
Can Disallow prevent me from crewing a vehicle?
What happens when a non-creature receives "+1/+1 until end of turn" effects, then later becomes a creature?
What if two players are eligible for the express bonus?
15 years old card game with ancient battles theme and complex mechanics
Is upgraded icebreaker strength per subroutine
How often can I trigger private security force
Power Grid deluxe - Winning Condition
How is Yu-Gi-Oh played with more than two players?
Exchanging nearly all man in draughts (checkers)
It Has A Child card - do you stay in Tokyo?
Why doesn't Rishkar, Peema Renegade have Support 2?
MTG - Cards that share names stack abilities?
If you allow your opponent to draw cards can they have more than 7 cards in their hand until their next clean up stage
Does it count as me landing the killing blow if a monster dies to a Wound that I inflicted?
Revolution! with Anarchy expansion: when does the game end?
How do I use the Dominion & Dominion Intrigue Update Packs?
Dummy knows more than declarer
Betrayal at house on the Hill: Widow's Walk - Blueprint item
Will my Dead of Winter game be abandoned if I buy Dead of Winter: The long night?
Can someone fully explain link summoning?
Does Day of Judgment destroy my own creatures, too?
Myram Lamm - how to apply magic abilities?
Phasing in phase
Do +1/+1 counters count for Fighting?
Nyet!: Bonus Card
Card Game Scoring System
does gaining control of an aura gaining control of a permanent give me the permanent?
Playing Pokemon TCG with more than two players
Does No Mercy get triggered by Blood Scrivener?
Can Echidna's ability be used during the turn in which it is purchased?
Are tokens permanents?
Does changing control of an object update that object's timestamp?
What GSM of paper should I use for reprinting cards to use in deck sleeves
Territory inside of territory
Using the edges of the board in Go
If I have a net negative number of dice, how many clue tokens do I need to spend to attempt a roll?
Say, Tandem Tactics
Talking about Go: Using "he" and "she" for Black and White
Bridge Scoring and sacrifice optimization against slam bids?
If I have two things that activate at the beginning of the end step, what happens?
Gain doubloons timing
Requirement and Restrictions for Declaring Attackers
Does a vehicle require a crew if it is enchanted to become a creature?
Attaching equipment, when the equipment wasn't actually cast
Bang blue cards question
Bang and Panic Cards
Can monsters with no speed cross barrier rooms?
Bang How to Use Ghost Cards
What is the ​ "this effect" ​ that doesn't remove White Ward?
Why first strike wouldn't work in a single fight?
Living End/Living Death (EDH)
Can I use Westvale Abbey in a Commander deck that does not use black?
Using tap abilities after blockers have been declared
Does my creature still get a +1/+1 counter?
Does the "forced response to a new suit" concept apply to both players in the Goren bidding system?
(MtG) Damaging a blocker once blockers have finished being declared
Looking for the name of an old board game featuring a wolf, I think he was called Willy
Can I use plurals in scrabble?
Do Crawlers get an extra activation, when all figures are in play and attack on Skinner has a 1?
Commanders with at least four colors in their color identity
If I'm controlling an opponent's turn, do I get to chose where their commander goes?
Contract Bridge Games Verses Party Bridge Scoring?
My friend put wild color card. It was my turn after her. Can I put another wild color card?
Does Fumigate deal damage?
How to break a stalemate in Hive?
Whitechapel murder location
Canasta undo melds
Does this have an official name and rule set?
How do I Make this Backgammon-Spinoff more Level and Fair?
Player insurance on natural player blackjack
When exactly does an attacking creature become tapped?
How to tell whether a Pokémon Card is fake or not
When a face-down permanent dies, do other cards responding to its death see its face-up side?
Is there a "good" ratio of card types to have in an MTG deck?
How to differentiate real Yu-Gi-Oh! cards from fakes
The Resistance card game - "Deep Cover" Spy role question
Has Ash ever appeared on any Pokémon TCG cards?
Calculate Mind Funeral efficiency
In Checkers/Draughts, can a King jump multiple pieces and end up where it started?
Can a Colorless commander use cards with the {C} symbol on them?
Does Dimir Doppelganger trigger ETB effects?
Can Sundial of the Infinite interrupt multiple-card draws while drawing?
Can the Bishop select a player who discarded the Handmaid?
Are newly gained items considered Bequests in Haunt 94: Last Will and Tournament?
Euchre question
Can fleet units charge the turn they run
Can you still fizzle in response to a spell that can't be countered?
Can Descent: Journey in the Dark be played by non-English speakers?
How do I resolve inconsistencies between the rules committee Commander rules and the comprehensive rules?
Can Yahenni become indestructible after taking lethal damage, and does it die then?
Search for card and put it into play. What if the card is already in hand?
How to calculate expected number of shuffles in a simple card game
Can I activate an enchantment energy ability during an opponents turn?
Overplay in orthodox fuseki - Leela AI fails miserably?
How many turns does an average game of Checkers/Draughts go for?
Can Dracula choose not to move and engage the a hunter on purpose?
What happens with cards hosted on Builder after moving it to another server?
What is this 4x4 board game?
Is it advisable to play Legacy without having played Pandemic before?
Returning tokens for the 10 token limit: which ones?
What is an example of a perfectly played checkers game?
Table for both 2-person and multi-person games
I am trying to remember the name of a card game
I lost my boomdagger enhanced by "…of doom". If I get it back, is it still enhanced?
Meaning of redouble in Goren system?
Can fire move ice in Sorry?
In Sorry can I split a 7 move card to a single pawn and move it only 2?
What books do I need to get all the rules for the Tyranid armies units/formations/detachments?
what is this card game called?
In Pegs & Jokers must I go past home in order to use a card I'm holding?
Why isn't resistance a case of halving any damage taken?
How do I play 4D Tic-Tac-Toe?
Cast Pitfall Trap after opponent attacked with two creatures
Does a shadow effect that doesn't do anything return Mountain Warg to staging area?
Pocketing the Queen
Corner enclosure after playing star point
MTG AER: Tezzeret's Touch and Audacious Infiltrator artifact interaction
Is Risk: Legacy playable two-player?
Progenitor Mimic destroyed in response of its triggered ability
How do you score a word that has multiple bonuses?
Are tasks and missions considered items?
Why is the first tile inactive in Burgle Bros?
Why does Archfiend of Ifnir mention cycling, if it already mentions discarding?
Why are there illegal cards?
Why is the Warhammer Fantasy species "Cold One" named as such?
In Monopoly, Can I mortgage properties during an auction time?
In uno can you play a reverse card on a draw 4 and make that player draw 4
Which continuous effect happens if they enter at the same time
How does face-down Attack Position (via Darkness Approaches) work?
MTG: Card Binder storage
In Catan, is it possible to steal from yourself with the robber?
Can you pickup just the wild card on frozen pile in canasta?
In Flash Point: Fire Rescue can you "pick up" a victim marker with the Ambulance by driving past it?
In Canasta, if the pile is frozen, must you take the whole pile or can you take just the top one?
What does The Saharan Republic's power mean?
Can I target a Shrouded creature's ability?
Upkeep Priority
What is the point of having a token for the Dog companion?
Where do the zombies move in this quest?
Does Athreos with Deathrender let me keep the same creature?
Laboratory maniac and not being able to win the game
Has anyone published "swap maps" for the game Y?
Does Catan expansion edition have to match base game edition?
If I can't "win the game" in multiplayer, do my opponents still lose?
Stone age expansion How trading works question
Does the print version matter, or the card name?
Why is being in the dummy in bridge called "on the board"?
MTG Curse of misfortune
Sharing Yu-Gi-Oh! card ideas
In a multiplayer game, if a player is controlling another player's turn, may they reveal that player's hand?
How can I play a bot with expansion cards in Dominion Online?
Can I untap Nettle Drone in the untap step?
Awaken effect in battle
Does tapping Swiftfoot Boots remove Hexproof from the creature it's equipped to?
Can a creature with megamorph block then morph?
If I play a card as part of a start/end of a turn effect, do I apply their start/end of turn effects as well?
VP value of space 0 & 1 on the reputation track in Above and Below
In Crisis Mode, what do you do with cards that involve villains in your deck?
Why doesn't 'Bite Shoes' trigger the effect of 'Tragedy' in Duel Links?
Damage rarely matters in two-player RoboRally. How can I houserule it to be more interesting?
If a "The Phantom Knights" trap monster's effects are negated, is it turned back into a trap or no?
What happens if Falkenrath Gorger dies while a madness ability it granted is on the stack?
Do conditional triggered abilities check their condition again before resolving?
What happens when both players run out of cards with Gideon of the Trials and an emblem in play?
Can you walk through rooms with aliens?
Bridge Responding to 1NT with 0 HCP?
Splendor: Visibility of reserved development cards
Can I mill my opponent into defeat with Mindcrank and Duskmantle Guildmage?
How are vehicles costed, and how do I tell if the crew cost is worth it?
What is the penalty for the dummy failing to follow suit?
Do the rules of multiple copies of a card stack?
Changing bot difficulty in Dominion Online
How is the rarity of cards in official preconstructed Commander decks determined?
What system is this expert using?
Does the psychic abomination rule apply to an unmoving unit already within the effect radius?
Does a "lose your turn" card cancel doubles?
Home made board game, called Catfish Lake, where I have created a multiplication like grid table to create "new make believe" Crystal Catfish
How do the Monopoly odds change when the board is played in reverse?
Can you built a settlement in the middle of someone else's road, or vice versa?
If there are no prey conditions, does an enemy get assigned to whomever the lead investigator wishes?
If an encounter card requires me to discard a card under my control, can I choose to discard from my hand or my in-play area?
What do I do with the Curse of the Rougarou and Monstrous Transformation cards at setup?
Does Prowler's helm effect makes an unblockable creature blockable by walls?
In what order are triggered abilities executed?
Does lifelink still trigger if I concede before damage?
Are token creatures considerd as a creature spell?
If I summon a world breaker can I exile a card my opponent owns?
Stack resolving with planeswalker and instants
When I have two cards with cohort would there tap ability works at the same time?
What would happen to other players creatures upon death?
How can I play Dominion by myself (like solitaire)?
Why does negating Lady Assailant of Flames' effect still require banishing cards?
Can you removed crossfire cards in Extraction?
Do we skip crossfire events in Extraction when playing with less than 4 players?
In the Terra Mystica iOS app, what is the "map balanced VP" option?
Combined Catan player+player+bank transactions
Identify a game involving placing cardboard food into a mouth using forks
Why are the "Dragon Ruler" series of cards banned in official tournaments?
Sacrificing as part of a command, to fulfill other costs?
What can the Fire Prevention Specialist do in Flash Point: Fire Rescue?
How do extra imprinted cards work?
Can your opponent counter the exert ability of Champion of Rhonas?
Does the Terra Mystica app implement the official rules updates?
Are Planeswalkers "Legendary"?
How are cards awarded on defeating a player in risk?
Outnumbering in Unknown
How does countering spells work in stack?
What happens while casting protection from Banishing Light?
Is priority reevaluated in between each robot's movement or do we keep how it was at the start of the register?
How does Applied Entropy (Control) and Sealed Scroll interact?
Do Attacking Creatures Deal Damage Simultaneously or Sequentially?
What is the Watson card's ability?
Can I use a meeple the turn after begging?
Is civilization cultural win viable?
Why couldn't I win in this situation with ron?
What are the rules for saving people on the merchant ship map in Flash Point: Fire Rescue?
What happens if installed Medium is trashed during access on R&D?
How does the Commander interact with Banishing Light or Oblivion Ring?
What exactly does it mean to "cast" a spell?
How to play a quicker game of Monopoly?
What are the chances of each individual combination type?
Does casting a copy of a spell count count for "whenever you cast a spell" triggers?
How does Conestoga work?
Can Termi-Nation Unity's power be used if you don't have a Mechanical Golem in play?
What happens to Element cards spent when acquiring a new Element card?
When a creature is enchanted with 2 auras changing it's base stats, what happens?
Does Supernatural Stamina return a creature token to the board?
Warhammer 40k: Do 'decurion' style detachments comprised of multiple formations still count as one detachment for ITC purposes?
Why are two different "Well" cards included in the new version of Agricola?
Making sense of this app's territory resolution
How many different variations/editions of Monopoly are there?
How can I move the potion explosion ingredient dispenser?
What does "Return (card of the same name) from graveyard" mean?
MTG - What is the set "Oversize Cards"?
Can Parallax Wave track a card moved by with Void Attendant?
Why Exert Trueheart Twins?
Block creature then remove from game
Is this Barbarossa token used in a boardgame?
Multiple sources of damage prevention
If my opponent Confiscates my permanent and I can cast my own Confiscate, should I target my permanent or their Confiscate?
Overcalls at duplicate Bridge
Killer Bunnies Quest / Retrieval Card (Special)
Do Aftermath cards count as two or one card for Enigma Drake?
Does Germany ever start first?
sorry! Move backward 4 card, can you move a piece from start?
Dragons servant and Shivan dragon
What is timing for Global Conflicts Variant in through the ages?
Citadels: Circus (German edition, 2012): how to interpret "Cash point" ability?
Card game, off color write-in responses.
Sacrificing in response to a triggered ability that would place -1/-1 counters
Properties as money
Interaction with "with power 2 or less"
Does Hospital Debts incur the 2 experience point penalty if the investigator is defeated?
Does Fusion Summoning trigger Maiden With Eyes of Blue's effect?
Just say No on Just Say No
Can I use Word of Seizing on a planeswalker?
Can an Aetherborn Marauder take +1/+1 counters off a creature that didn't have them (but has P/T to spare)?
duplicate bridge rules for revoke,and any penatly should be imposed
MTG Necromancer's Magemark
Are white bordered cards allowed in DCI sanctioned tournaments?
When a pushing enemy moves toward a character, does it stop moving on the first push?
What is the area icon?
Removing creatures from my library in game
Can I activate Angus Mackenzie between two combat phases?
"Blocked or was Blocked By"
What does an enemy do when the target of its movement is on a space with 3 models?
Do Door of Destinies and Myr Turbine interact?
Is "Player" interchangeable with "Planeswalker"?
What options are available to make Diplomacy accessible to a blind player?
If someone casts an aura on my creature, do I still control the creature?
Does the discard get shuffled into the deck when adding the heat up card?
Question about Sparring Mummy card
Are the 2 planeswalker sets from Amonkhet balanced?
Question about Liliana's Influence card
Is it okay to have a multi-language deck?
What is the formal definition of a TCG?
Token Drawing [All At Once (per player) vs Round Robin] -- Mathematician / Statistician needed for a question
Can I cast both parts of Commit//Memory from the graveyard with Torrential Gearhulk?
If Rhonas's power is less than 4 but you control a creature with power 4 or greater, can he attack or block?
Is the Gargoyle's Tail Sweep virtually ineffective against players who are less than or equal to 1 node away?
When a creature comes back to the battlefield from the graveyard, does it trigger its abilities?
Masmorra conversion cards
Reanimating a creature with X in its cost
Crazyhouse Chess: is it possible to get all eighteen queens?
What is considered a good score in Scrabble?
Could someone stay in market points more than one turn?
Agricola - Brushwood Collector + Carpenter's Parlor combination
MTG Gatherer Regular Expressions whitespace
Can multiple activated abilities be resolved after each other while something is on the stack
What is this game with two boards and pieces numbered 1-15?
Does Ursula Downs get a free re-roll every turn?
I was the first to lose in a commander game, does Vorinclex ability still happen?
Is it possible to play a game without a Turn 7 reshuffle?
Where is this die from?
Odds of 100% first turn accusation in Clue?
Does Exalted still apply if additional creatures are later included?
Why does the Humility/Opalescence interaction work?
Is it possible to jump back into MTG after 20 years away?
Damage and insult//injury
Does Doubling Season creates attacking tokens with Hanweir Garrison?
How to effectively moderate an ultimate werewolf game?
Nissa - Vital Force, does the land that becomes a creature can get destroyed?
Are Awoken lands actually instantly-dead 0/0's?
Can two Enduring Scalelords create an infinite loop?
Can you play any amount of lands with future sight?
Can Rhonas the Indomitable attack if I pump Voltaic Brawler?
Was "Darkness Approaches" errata'd in the OCG because of Link Monsters?
Does a Myr Welder token created with Mimic Vat retain abilities added to the original?
Does Celestial Crusader also boost my opponent's creatures?
Will a Wandering Giant Skunk prevent the combat participation of an already committed helper?
How does the new Sangan errata affect Exodia?
Do +1/+1 counters go away with -1/-1 counters?
Are the Bay of Ice and the Shivering Sea areas connected?
I have a question about 40K
Can you prevent a permanent from untapping with a tapping ability?
What is the difference between an "Effect" and an "Ability", and how do you identify one from the other?
Ordering of triggered ability and ETB effect
Dozer and Smigg & Gunnbjorne boosted blast damage rolls
Can I bounce the creatures I've chosen for sacrificing to Annihilator?
A game with coloured animal tiles & figurines of Chinese men
Dixit: what to do if two players cross the finish at the same time?
Great Orcs - how to tally terrain superiority?
Can I choose difference house card without discard two power tokens?
In The Grizzled, can you help your teammate decide which Trial to use a good luck charm on?
If a player kills all blockers, is the damage redirected to the face?
Mafia type variant with 3-5 players
When does Rainbow's talent activate?
Returning an enchantment to your hand
Magic the gathering rules
What happens when nobody is eligible for Chancellor in Secret Hitler?
Is it possible to design a two player game of skill with absolutely no luck?
Is it a good strategy for the Seer to reveal his identity at the beginning?
What's the strategy for Shut the Box?
Should Commander Farsight's crisis suit be blue instead of red?
Cast high-mana creatures quickly in Amonkhet Standard
Does going below 0 life with Ad Nauseam kill you before Phyrexian Unlife can save you?
Do effects that give +1/+1 counters restore those counters after they're removed?
Revealing cards sorcery
What's the difference between "exile" and "destroy"?
Where can I find the rules for "Deer Hunters Challenge"?
Do Bloodreavers gain an extra attack from a Bloodsecrator's Rage of Khorne ability?
Interaction with printed stats and token/equipment with stat reduction
Cabal Therapy trick in response to Shock
Picking colors for an abstract game (game design)
Combining Ascension expansions: tokens and boards
Building a live group on a quarter board where two sides are already black
Who goes next after a double auction card with no auction?
Which solitaire game is this?
What card game is this? 3 cards per player; always redraw from stack until end
Activated ability that share a name
How does having multiple permanents with the same name affect those permanents' abilities?
When my opponent plays several spells at once, can I counter them all together?
Diplomacy: No units but 1 Non-Home Supply Center
Rubber bridge: when must honours be declared in order to be scored?
Does this dice mechanic exist in other games and does it have any drawbacks?
Monopoly : What to do when a player doesn't want to sell?
Where do you go for the 'nearest railroad' in Monopoly?
How does my life total work out with Angel's Grace and Ad Nauseum?
Using Supernatural Stamina on a Zombie Creature with Diregraf Colossus on the board
What are some simple strategy games to play with a friend online?
Telepresence Board Games
Explanation for extended phase 10 5 sets of 2 in the same color
Beginners question
Do Go players play to minimize score difference after realizing they cannot win?
Gandora The Dragon Of Destruction and Union Monsters
Does Aura of Silence's ability stack?
What is “looking for a place to resign” in go?
Can special actions in the location card be attempted more than once during a scavenge?
What do you do with the Basement Entrance Exploration card if you choose not to discard it?
When does Niv-Mizzet's trigger resolve?
Victimize with Noxious Ghoul and opponent's Murder
If Dealer is dealt an ace, and then dealt another card, will he bust?
How does Hour of Devastation's Neheb the Eternal work with extra combat & main phases?
Legal Combo in Modern?
Designing game that relies on honesty
What happens if someone reneges on a loner hand in euchre?
In One Night Ultimate Alien, can neutral roles win if the Synthetic Alien dies?
Ambuscade Shaman + Warstorm Surge
Do you have to buy the books to get the 40k model rules?
Double Spawn in the last zone
Questions about doors (and vault doors)
What difficulties occur in a three sided version of Space Hulk?
Spell with no chosen targets
What if multiple players have the same hand via using all the shared cards?
40k 8th Edition Unit Customization
Can you spend extra mana on a spell that is not part of the casting cost?
Do you get to choose your hand, or is the highest hand chosen automatically?
Can I keep multiple goods of 1 type if I have multiple warehouses?
what happens with commanders and o ring effects?
Is there a card similar to Lugia from Fates Collide that targets GXs instead of EXs?
Does taking first strike damage before gaining life from normal lifelink cause me to lose the game?
Do I have to warn my opponent about abilities in Necromunda?
Do you still get experience for wounding an opponent who makes a successful armour save?
How does Puncturing Light work against a creature buffed in size?
Magic the Gathering simple damage question
Yu-Gi-Oh Tribute effect
Samurai Sword Rising Sun: Ninjas Finding Ronin
Exiling tokens with conjurer's closet
Does a run on empty archives add counter on Datasucker?
Can I use Datasucker without icebreakers?
Do I need to reveal card added with the Archived Memories?
How would Solidarity of Heroes work with Heroic counter abilities
How does the elf level 2 magic ability work in Ultra Tiny Epic Kingdoms?
Axis and Allies 1941 planes and industry
How does Hazoret's Undying Fury work with Aftermath cards?
Can I counter or Nix an aura swap?
Does a Yeld spyrer's fly ability work just vertically, or on a hypotenuse?
Can a player lose their last army?
Phase 10 how to play on after completing 5 and 3
How come this solution to Tsumego is working?
How does black kill white in this Tsumego?
Untapping a Creature that has "does not untap during its controller's untap step"
Carnivore vs carnivore
How do I effectively use a big wall?
Following directions on pairs in exploding kittens?
How much of AlphaGo's success is due to novelty?
In Yu-Gi-Oh, when you banish cards from the field, can you banish spell and trap cards in addition to monster cards?
Catan: Hiding Development Cards
Do on-death triggered abilities of creatures happen in multiplayer when a creature's owner loses at the same time?
Does an enter-the-battlefield effect count the permanent that created the ability?
Income Tax and Halflings
Can you play Summoner Wars with only the Second Summoner packs?
Baltimore wargame stores in 1980
Backgammon bearing off rules
Who takes the hit?
Does drawing a card end your whole turn, or just prevent further movement?
Is there a strongly solved game with infinite possible board arrangements?
Axis and Allies 1941: Who, when and to where can you retreat?
I need help to see who would of won this hand
Can I use rewards from a just-bought building to pay the participation cost of a Great Project?
Thumbing with both hands
"Beginning of end step" question
Does Psychosis Crawler die in the middle of Days Undoing?
Is there value to my misprinted Magic card?
Skat tool to determine the probability for a win
Cards that restrict untapping of creatures
In 8th Edition, do you always make a to-hit roll?
Do you win a game of Catan even if you don't realize you have won?
How does manifesting work?
Can I look up a large list of cards on MagicCardMarket.eu?
Exiled Players/Betrayer Dead of Winter TLN
Axis and Allies 1941 :Can a submarine sneak attack a battle ship when there is an enemy sub in the same battle?
Can I block enemy's port if my navy is on the sea sector next to a factory zone?
Can tokens be used for a ritual summon?
What is a functioning power turret?
Backgammon stack rule
Is there a functional reason for Ghostfire not having the Devoid keyword?
When do you have to decide whether or not to use a "May" effect?
Does the opponent get to draw up to a full hand after being attacked with Pilebunker?
In multiplayer, in which order are replacement effects from different players applied?
Catan: Play any development card before rolling
What is the hit effect multiplier in Campaign 1 for a Me-210?
Are bonus jewels discarded after use?
Can Gandalf's jewel conversion ability be used more than once per turn?
How does "reveal a card, play it, then return it" work with locations?
How many people can play in Euchre?
How does lifelink affect indestructible creatures?
What are the correct official abbreviations for Commander's Anthology & Arsenal?
Why to use Kuikae rule in Riichi Mahjong?
What happens if I exile an HOU God from the graveyard?
Two-Player Poker
What is Majestic Myriarch's power and toughness if I "eternalize" it with God-Pharaoh's Gift?
What game is shown in this stock photo?
If a protection effect "doesn't remove Auras", can auras that are not cast be placed on the permanent?
Is there a rule specifying which direction your card faces?
Balancing Creature battles in a new card game
Ticket To Ride: does the order of connection of cities have to match the order on the ticket?
Who actually created "Waste Not"?
How to handle extra settlements if a player cannot continue playing?
Does Effect veiler negate Decode Talker's ability to negate effect veiler?
How do "twice that many" & "that many plus one" replacement effects interact?
Publishing a board game with an existing game company
Can boats move through sea monsters in Survival: Escape from Atlantis?
Texas Hold em question
In Betrayal at House on the Hill, what happens when a player owns the Holy Symbol and turns into a vampire?
When to play a Knight card
Does order matter when drawing player cards? (Efficient to Sequence + Epidemic)
When you use Cloudshift on Zada Hedron Grinder, do the creatures return simultaneously?
Timing of the activated abilities of creatures
Can Scion of the Ur Dragon's ability fizzle a spell?
Tool to search for cards with similar functionality
Taking counters from Hangarback Walker with Fate Transfer
Why do effects that exile a card from the graveyard use the characteristics the card had in the graveyard?
Sacrifice a dead creature?
Can I exile a token copy of Greenwarden of Murasa for its second ability?
Does Deflecting Palm cause Furnace of Rath to activate twice?
What is this card game called and it's rules
Does Quicken allow me to cast a sorcery during my opponent's turn?
Dark Shaman vs Monsterslayer Shield
Is there a term for defensive effects that only/primarily function for attacking creatures?
Pokemon cards banned in unlimited
What are the rules to this dice game?
Good game for parents to play with 4 year old son?
Is the Radioactive Potato passed before the goal is checked?
Easy Search for Renamed Units
What happens if I become an illegal target of Cruel Entertainment?
Axis and Allies 1941: Transport Rules for on loading and offloading units
If you have more than one face-down development card in Settlers of Catan, do you have to keep them distinguished?
How to respond to publishers when they ask for rules?
Backgammon: Jacoby rule with doubling cube?
Fury of dracula: skipping your turn as the hunters
How does Asmira, Holy Avenger respond to manifested cards?
Vast: The Crystal Caverns Strategies
How likely is it to get a complete set of commons from a single booster box?
In Terraforming Mars, do special tiles count as tiles you own when placing greenery tiles?
Do bodyguards take wounds when Nazi villains are adventuring for artifacts?
Tournament-legal to use a d20 to represent amount of similar tokens on the battlefield?
Do you waste your attack if you try to attack a monster that can't be attacked?
is it possible to target a player as if they were a Planeswalker?
Phases order in "Catan: Cities & Knights"
Crucible of Worlds and Burgeoning
Do I have to pay for a development card if I have a joker and the card needs only one type of resource?
Winning with the merchants
Progression phase resolution and effectiveness of progression cards
What is the name of this solitaire style card game?
How accessible are the many German-only expansions for Catan?
Drawing an event that moves you, do you still do tile text?
How do multiple power increases and reductions affect this creature?
Could large creatures pass through the narrow passage?
If opener "pre-empts" in first or second position, can you reasonably assume a pretty strong suit?
What happens if the Starting Tile gets a 6?
Does untapping a creature save it from a spell that destroys a tapped creature?
Exert, untap with spell, tap and attack. Does it untap?
If I block a creature with afflict and my blocker kills that creature, will I still take afflict damage?
Can I rebound a spell that exiles itself?
Deathtouch vs an indestructible creature, which then loses indestructible
How does Goad interact with Archangel of Tithes?
Can you play trump if trump hasn't been played and you have action cards in Rage?
Playing Trump in Rage
Does anyone know where to buy chance island or chance planet?
Why does cribbage have 2 pegs for scoring per player?
Can a thief steal if he can't equip the item?
Scenario 55, can you attack medusa without the mirror?
Control and summoning sickness
How does Decree of Silence interact with multiple spells cast?
Copying Allies with Shapeshifter
Can I imprint my commander and move it to the command zone?
Sinuous Striker query around pump in reaction to combat/defending
How to deal with a player who showed his hands to influence the robber?
What happens if you roll a 7 before the barbarians reach the island?
MTG Rhonas the Indomitable + Saving Grace
I have an idea for a card game for couples. I want to go ahead and invest in it, where do I start?
How to limit time of game in GoT?
Does Saving Grace redirect damage from cards that destroy a target creature?
Can the other player put Draw 2 if your Draw 2 was the last card?
Cards that double mana
Machi Koro Millionaire's Row Moving Company and renovation questions
Token copies with Scarab God
Do people commonly play collectible card games without shuffling?
Can the campaign mode for Star Wars: Imperial Assault be played if one player is not always able to attend?
Magic the gathering number of cards in a hand
Would Rakdos, Lord of Riots allow a free Endless One cast?
Can sea units have more then the given amount in Axis and Allies 1941?
What game is this with colored tokens, a dice, and what looks like a spoon?
Rules on lone hands
Identify a card game where you discard playing cards based on die rolls
Can opponents ask for "alerts" in bridge?
In Hearts, impossible to play first hand?
What happens when there are no more mana tokens of a color in the supply?
How to add of story-telling elements to increase player satisfaction?
Crebain and shadow effects
Which books to buy to start playing Warhammer 40K 8th edition?
Yu-Gi-Oh! Card Ruling for Keeper Of The Shrine scenarios
Why is having shields in AoS 'optional'?
When a city outbreaks when using the Malaria Historical Disease, does it create one or two outbreak cubes?
Game of thrones played by two
What game is this d6 with a blank two for?
Saboteur - ladder card
How many Number Monsters have been released in Yu-Gi-Oh thus far?
Does Baral, Chief of Compliance reduce alternative costs?
How does Arcbond interact with Saving Grace?
Can a player swap more than 4 resources of the same kind with another player
Can an on buy effect move the bought card?
Dresden Files Cooperative Card Game promotional/exclusive event cards
In Warhammer 40K does taking a Chaos Icon replace other weapons?
What happens when Mathas, Fiend Seeker's bounty counters go away and come back again?
Can I build a settlement at an intersection two roads away from one settlement and one road away from another?
Is there a best time to play Tablet of Time's Dawn?
Identify old Lithuanian board game
How do I complete the immunologist's request? [spoilers]
Does devoid make a card's color identity colorless in Commander?
Which cards should I sleeve for The 7th Continent?
Does fire go away after saving?
Does a card with "put into play" trigger an "enters the battlefield" effect?
Casting Fling on a Creature Token
Leaders expansions: Is trade commerce allowed during Recruitment phase
How large are the zones?
Penalties for forgetting to draw/discard cards
What if three players are "the closest investigator"?
Citadels first game setup for 3 players
How does vertical movement work in 40k eighth edition
Reanimating a creature with undying
When can I peek at facedown tiles?
Do you collect $200 in Monopoly if you don't ask for it?
Untapping with a spell or ability remove summoning sickness?
Does casting a Partner commander add a the +2 mana cost to your other commander as well?
Board games involving players' consensus for who wins?
If I find a hidden number, do I have to be on the tile to replace it?
Hail of Stones Multiplayer
What is the meaning of this Joseki continuation?
Picking up multiple dropped objects following death or toad-ification in Talisman (4th ed.)
In 7 Wonders, can you make an informed decision on which resources to draft?
Prevent the next x damage and multiple unblocked creatures
Is there a rule against combining Flash with Vigilance to attack infinite times?
Latest Collins Scrabble Words list in text file
Jace, Cunning Castaway +1 Ability
Can You Directly Purchase A Hotel If All Houses Are Gone?
When can I cast Eternal Scourge from exile?
Chandra, Fire of Kaladesh as commander
How does "it's still a land" affect a permanent that would not otherwise be lands?
Why is Whitby missing in Fury of Dracula (FFG, 3ed)?
Can "Stealth Tower" copy your opponent's bases?
Why does not being able to draw a card make you lose (in universe)
In the Star Wars VCR board game, which die face has the Stormtrooper symbol?
How does Conversion affect dual lands?
Is a creature considered to have died if it has negative toughness?
Can Mr. X move into or through a detective occupied field?
Can I counter Thrun by flashing Lodestone Golem? Can I counter anything by flashing Lodestone Golem?
Equip Phases / Puresteel Paladin
What are the biggest events to follow for the most competitive decks in Magic the Gathering?
What is the no agressive variant (Peaceful Variant)?
When do artifacts lose hexproof when Padeem, Consul of Innovation dies?
How does this interaction between Rustmouth Ogre and Padeem, Consul of Innovation resolve?
Can a blocking creature tap for its ability while blocking?
End turn by Drawing from Bottom card after Triple Slap?
Moddb/Gamejolt alternative for tabletop games
Can you add a wild card to a completed book?
What board game was found in this Viking tomb?
Does a quantified comparison between differing non-basic lands exist?
Does "target Merfolk" imply "target Merfolk creature"?
Go game set with balls or spheres
How are the Utilities unmortgaged with 10% interest if the mortgage value is $75?
Clue - getting suggestion right early on, what happens?
Do Fireplaces and Cooking Hearths count as a Bake Bread Action Space?
If planeswalkers aren't creatures, how does Gideon's defeat work?
Why does Bonded Horncrest have to attack with another creature?
MTG Doomsday card, cast at 1 life
Thar she Blows! Any info?
How do you fulfill Steven Seer's upperclassman goal?
Are items discarded on use?
Flashback + Kess, Dissident Mage
Why do asymmetric ko fights exist?
Are powers cumulative in Smallworld?
Does transforming a card trigger an enters the battlefield effect?
What are Death's stats for the “Chess with death” haunt in Betrayal at the House on the Hill?
Interactions with Razaketh and Black Sun's Zenith
Gideon Jura vs an opponent with multiple combat phases
What happens if Combat Celebrant is killed during combat?
Anyone know what game uses these six-sided dice with letters and a dart-like glyph on them?
Azor's paradox resonator
Challenging Chain Wild Draw Four's
What is the significance of the coin and gem spaces on the board?
What happens when you are unable to move in Stratego?
Custom Heroes Ascended Forms
Custom Heroes - Charmy pile order reversal
In Syme vs. UnSweet's second USTO 2016 Tak game, at what point should Syme have defended against a C-file threat?
Does the effect of an instant supersede first strike damage from a creature?
Is Risk a computationally difficult game
Board games sponsored for an agenda?
Does Untaidake, the Cloud Keeper now provide mana for casting Planeswalkers?
Balanced, 9-player setups for Bang!
Repeatedly targeting one creature with the same "target creature gains..." effect
Does an enchantment curse go to grave if the cursed player loses?
Mirrorweave on Double Faced Cards
Cosmic Encounter Can I attack an empty planet
Can I activate Vehicle abilities without Crewing them first?
Can I tap equipped artifacts for Improvise?
Inspiring Statuary = Improvise for Planeswalkers?
What exactly is affected by the new rule 614.16?
Controlled Creature returns to which hand?
Marionette Master + Mana Tokens (Gold, Treasure, etc.)
How does Ixalan drafting work with its double faced cards?
When charging an entrance in Zoomaka do I give change?
Mirage Mirror - does copy suffer from summoning sickness?
Goryo's Vengeance and Veil of Secrecy
Does loss of life count as being dealt damage?
Can Wear / Tear destroy a Chalice of the Void with X=1?
Shuffling cards causes uneven mana distribution - ways to fix that?
Mirage Mirror + Itlimoc, Cradle of the Sun
Activating Field of Ruin's ability without a target
Can I use Improvise to pay for activated abilities?
Master Transmuter + token artifacts
Quicken + Sorcery at the end step
What happens with two Sword of the Meek?
Does a triggered ability with no legal target for only some of its targets make it to the stack?
Exactly when does an attacking creature stop being an attacking creature?
Does Stony Silence stop me from tapping artifacts for Improvise?
Targeting the same spell on stack
Does excess Planeswalker damage hit the player?
Hostage Taker + Inspiring Statuary
What happens when Boldwyr Intimidator makes a creature with Changeling a Coward?
Player count variants for Pitch
Interactions between Oblivion Sower and counter spells that make you pay mana to prevent them?
King of Tokyo- Dice resolution
Which city is the one being searched for the virologist?
Is there an efficient use for a surplus of Insects in Standard, Kaladesh to Ixalan?
Could B-17 bombers identify individual ships in Midway?
Can I give a creature spell hexproof to prevent it from being countered?
Can I play an instant when my opponent taps their lands to cast an instant?
Magic The Gathering - Jace, Cunning Castaway's +1
What game has this weird 12 sided die with clouds, a bug, a pear and other stuff on it?
Tools to test surface control mechanics by computer
Will Splinter Twin and Combat Celebrant provide an indeterminant number of combat phases?
How Does Chains of Mephistopheles Work?
How should one access HQ cards with the "Legwork"
Why Deck Building Templates are the same
Can one search action advance multiple search parties?
Magic the gathering, ixalan standard, bristling hydra
Are there any cards that can boost my gate deck
Can I chose to bring a shockland untapped into play when I tutor it with an effect that brings a land tapped into play
Do Multiple Into the Wilds Stack
Can I use treasure to pay for a counterspell?
Enchantment Auras and returning to hand
instants and sorceries with activated abilities while on the stack
MTG planeswalker-flicker ruling
Who might create the game pieces?
Which are chess variants that are helpful in teaching chess?
Can I sacrifice a treasure for mana not in my commanders colours?
Does blinking a Planeswalker restore its loyalty?
What are some good unofficial scenarios for Robinson Crusoe?
MTG: Creature can't attack unless X after "declare attackers"
Can I deal extra damage if I copy Booby Trap's ability with Strionic Resonator?
Can Vesuva copy a land that comes the same time into play as itself?
What happens to auras that come back from exile?
What does the game consider being the same instance of a card?
Monopoly: Do I Collect Rent If I Am In Jail?
Can multiple copies of Fraying Sanity activate at once?
A Problem with Hidden Move Go
Master of Cruelties Spiteful Returned Combo
Banishing cards from the graveyard
What If I don't want it to layer
Why do creatures go back to a previous controller instead of their owner?
Canasta and the rules on invalid melding
Does Monopoly Follow Standard Auction Procedures?
Can character abilities and upgrades be used through roadblocks?
In Shadowrift, can a player user more than one villager per round?
Boss Monster expansion problem
Haunt #22 room choice
Recommendations for making board tiles
Is there a card that lets you put a card from outside of the game into play?
Are movement trays legal in Warhammer 40k Tournaments?
Who are "Johnny", "Timmy", and "Spike" and what do they do?
Can I destroy a Whirler Virtuoso in time to stop it making a thopter?
Monopoly: Can I Buy Properties Right Before I Go To Jail?
Crypt incursion on servos
What happen if I use cast out on my creature which is under my opponent's control and then cast out leaves the battlefield?
Between prevention and replacement effects, which takes precedence?
Trying to understand when to take a deep finesse?
How to track score in Constellations
When survivors get knocked back from a range attack, do they get pushed in the cardinal direction closest to the vector from monster to survivor?
Identify this game - strange yellow plastic piece
Sleeving the dollar cards in Ca$h 'n Guns where the exact sleeve size doesn't exist
Does a spell cast via cascade resolve before the cascade trigger finishes resolving?
Can I save my Bristling Hydra by responding to removal with something that gives me energy?
Wooden circular tower with independently revolving multi-holed layers and wooden balls
Can I borrow money from a player in Monopoly Deal game?
Copying an Aura with Mirage Mirror
Precondition costs for structures built with Halicarnassus "build for free"?
First game board to use hexagonal tiles?
Name of dice-rolling board game
Identify game with ~30 pegs and 30 holes
Can I save a creature from dying by exileing then returning it
Are cloned cards considered as "tokens"?
Dealing with homophones when playing "Contact" (Conversation Game)
What is this Korean board game?
Smite vs creature with trample
I'm looking for a card game with a deck of noun cards and a deck of occupation cards
Can a Thallid create saprolings at end of combat phase and still kill attacker
Does Slithering Behind You cause the encounter deck's discard pile to be shuffled into it?
Returning cards to their owner's hands in MTG
Are the (player) cards in your hand supposed to be face up or not?
Can the priestess counter cheating?
Bridge hand with high card points between 1NT (15-17) and 2NT (20-21)
Do I have to spend 4 mana on Nissa, Steward of Elements to put 1 counter on her?
Multiple "Security Testing" within a single server?
What is the meaning of dots in some of the Apex's cards?
Why cards installment mentioned on the Diversified Portfolio?
Can I steal a permanent indefinitely with Frenzied Fugue?
In this Go position, can black capture the entire length of the white arm?
What is the name of this patience style 2 deck card game
How to calculate devotion in specific situations
Can you play a reaction to an event, if that event is the thing that let you draw the reaction?
Does "Max 1 per conflict" mean per player, or in total?
Can I challenge a character with a '-' ability to a duel?
Is Okk able to attack with a 1/1 goblin and a Goblin Piledriver in the first attack phase?
Control Effects - Interaction between Molten Primordial and Willbreaker
Canasta - Discard Pile Pick-up
Can I Negate an instant cast via Torrential Gearhulk?
How can I refer to specific hexes on a hex board?
Does "Income tax" count as a Curse or Bad Stuff that will remove "Chicken on your head"?
Bodyguard vs Hunter
How to play AKJx opposite xxx for 3 tricks at matchpoints
Why open 1NT with a 6 card minor?
Identify this Solitaire variant
Citadels - Can a warlord destroy a district for free?
Has computer go impacted the discussion about komi?
In the Megaman TCG, what does a collector number that starts with "4" indicate?
Variety in competitive standard decks
Can you prep a spell outside your main phase in Aeon's End?
Does River Heralds' Boon with one target count as one or two instances of adding +1/+1 counters?
What's the Usefulness of Prognostic Sphinx's Second Ability?
If I change the text of a permanent while its ability is on the stack, does the ability change?
Cows and bulls to allow duplicates
How does Hive Mind work with Counterspell in a multiplayer game?
What tools are being used by companies producing connectable floor tiles?
In Poker, what happens with the next players if paying the big blind puts a player all-in?
Can Willbender be used when Dark Salvation is cast?
Does a legendary creature "die" when put into the graveyard due to the Legendary rule?
Spawning after travelling
When does Battalion count the number of creatures that attacked?
Is there a way to play The Generals without a referee?
How to give checkmate in the game of xiangqi?
King of Tokyo (2016 version): Psychic Probe
King of Tokyo (2016 version): Battery Monster and Friend of Children
Is there a penalty in Uno for incorrectly accusing a player of failing to call "uno"?
Can I trade my own resources in exchange for another player's Settlement, City, or Road?
Did the first version of Ticket to Ride released in Europe have a USA map or a Europe map?
Portcullis triggers
Does Trespasser il-vec still deal damage after giving itself Shadow?
Does Scrabble allow playing words which contain diacritics in their original spelling?
Does playing one virus from my hand allow me to get all copies from my deck?
Game design and review?
What are the rules for "Level Up" cards?
Which cards count as having been banned or restricted for Spike, Tournament Grinder's tutor ability?
If British and American spellings of a word differ, which one should I prefer when playing Scrabble?
What should I do if a judge makes an incorrect ruling?
How does Unstable set's "The Grand Calcutron" work with cards that interact with a player's hand?
Brackets for tournament in a three player game
In Santorini, does my opponent win if I pull them onto a third level with the Siren?
In Santorini, can Dionysus chain additional moves?
Can Spike, Tournament Grinder tutor for cards outside of your Sideboard at Launch Night's Draft?
In Scrabble, how to determine the main word if the player has just played one single tile but formed two different words?
How to contact a moderator on boardgamegeek.com?
What happens if The Grand Calcutron leaves the battlefield after players hand cards have already become programs?
Does Saheeli Rai's (-2) targeting Riddleform make a creature?
How do I create a deck of cards that generates a dungeon of an average particular size?
Are there any chess sets with more than 32 pieces?
Monopoly moving wrong token
What's the point of the cardboard castles in Kingdomino?
Do permanents reenter the battlefield tapped with Brago, King Eternal?
What's the least amount of pieces on an Othello board where black or white can't make a move?
Rules for playing a sorry card?
Forgetting to place a city on the board, or to move the robber. Which fix is acceptable?
How to keep the game interesting if a player is 95% certain to win?
Attacking someone that is using the Ring
Are Power Crystals a finite resource in Clank in Space?
How can I put custom symbols on the side of blank foam dice?
Is there a formal designation for "pure placement" games?
Can the Runner prevent resources trashing via the "The All-Seeing I" if there is no bad publicity?
Sundial of the Infinite and "Sacrifice at the end of turn"
If the Rougarou flees after taking enough damage, do you add a doom token after the investigator phase?
Can you combine the Ring and the Revolver to attack?
Resource about strategy in makruk?
Drover of the Mighty + Raptor Hatchling + Fiery Canonnade
Can Beat Cop be discarded during another player’s turn?
How many tricks can the opponents claim if I revoke twice in one game?
Catan - Rules Lawyering the behavior of the "Commercial Harbor" Progress Card
Does Battlestar Galactica just poof out of existence the very instant Fuel drops to 0?
Whenever someone enchants a creature, do they "control" that creature
In Scrabble, can a normal play be scoreless?
Why are there generic ship class cards in Star Trek Attack Wing?
Informal history of Crazy Rummy and/or Frustration?
Can I use critical hits under the effect of "Greenskins Invade"?
What is this game (on the bottom)?
Can I win in 1v1 if I stole someone else's platinum angel, would lose without it, then defeat them?
In Monopoly, how do people determine who is the owner of a property?
Does a hidden Yeld spyrer block line of sight?
Open source engine / software for makruk?
How many times will we go through the deck before the island is sunk?
How long do I have to collect rent in Monopoly?
Can Alolan Pokémon evolve to non-Alolan or vice versa?
Can multiple people build at the same time in Monopoly?
Discarding Coins in Splendor
If an after-effect cannot be fulfilled, can the action leading to that after-effect be performed?
Do I have to shuffle with Settle The Wreckage?
Sacrificing Sengir Autocrat and his Serfs at Same Time
Can Simulacrum save me from dying?
How do I put a double-faced card in my deck?
Multicolored lands for a rainbow deck
In chess, if a player ran out of time, how to determine if his/her opponent has the 'possibility of checkmating'?
Can you use trading to build a wonder in 7 Wonders Duel?
Can you play a Progress Card even when you get nothing from it?
Phase 10 discard pile?
Arkham Horror LCG Talent Timing
In chess, may a player resign, offer a draw or claim a draw at any time, or not?
What kind of paper I can use for game card?
When can corp trash its own ice?
What is the original name of this game "Marble Wow"?
Can a Pokémon attack more than once per turn?
How can I add a taste of adventure games to my game?
Do abilities interrupt transform effects?
If I pocket the queen and one opponent's C/m in the same shot, what happens?
How does the "Bean Protection Rule" affect Bohnanza?
Does this mining mechanic add genuine choice to my game?
In the game of Stratego, is it possible to destroy all 40 enemy units?
How does combat damage work with Party Crasher if he is both Attacking and Blocking simultaneously?
Fallout Board Game: How to resolve card 16
What happens if the text of Hardened Scales is changed from "if one or more" to "if zero or more"?
Moving Rooms in Boss Monster
How do traits work in Betrayal At House On The Hill?
Treasure from monsters killed by reactive damage such as Fire Shield
Does die unfairness visibly influence real-world games?
What is this "dice, cubes, hexes and ships" game?
Hostage taker and player death
Texas Holdem confusion on winning hand in recent game played
What knowledge do players get when Hangman is sent to another game using Side Quest?
How could I prototype a board game with a variety of units using abstract icons?
Why has Mass Driver been banned from play?
Supernatural Stamina & Vehicles
Commandeering a spell with rebound?
What are the changes in the second edition of Doctor Who: The Card Game?
Can someone explain me why was this a split pot? texas hold'em
If I move X from one hand to another using his tap ability, when does he untap?
Do the 'Charizard EX' sets automatically come with a Mega Charizard EX card?
Prevent a player from using creature type?
Would enchanting an opponents Stuffy Doll with Pariah cause a Draw?
Handling multiple "timers" on the board and player mat
What is the reason why the commentator said that?
When playing Talisman as the assassin, can I assassinate creatures I encounter following the draw of a card?
What does the expansion symbol of From the Vault: Transform mean?
In a game that just involves Unstable cards, does it ever actually matter that Just Desserts deals π damage instead of 3?
Do punches and vulnerabilities have a type when using Animal Man?
Does Lady Vix's Level Up force her to lose her current face-up Item?
Can you transform after declaring blockers, but before dealing damage?
How does Cheat Code interact with Monster's Ballroom?
How does Over My Dead Bodies interact with combat-related abilities of creature cards in my graveyard?
Help Identify this Trucking Game from the Early 1980's
If the last surviving human mutates to an alien, do they win with the aliens?
Returning an attacking creature equipped with Trepanation Blade
What incentive do humans converted into aliens have to keep playing?
Can Dimensional Barrier be used on Link monsters?
Border Token Placement in Battle for Rokugan
In the card game Do-Over Deluxe, can a Take That! card override another Take That?
How do I get rid of Rules Lawyer and win the game?
In Stratego, what happens if in the setup a player puts all six bombs in the front row but not behind the lakes?
In Monopoly, what happens if the auction winner cannot pay his/her bid?
Can I Sacrifice a blocker and still prevent damage from getting though to me?
Magic the gathering changing creature types
May opponent play fatal leaky pipe on my pipeline?
Board game that you set up each time differently with little cards
Is pocketing an opponent's coin considered a foul?
Is this a correct formal heuristic for invalid moves due to Ko?
3D tic tac toe type of game
Does Pushing Need To Be Adjacent?
Adding more monsters than provided tokens
What happens when this situation occurs in Tsuro?
Warhammer Age of Sigmar moving within 3" of enemy models
Score book to keep track of games
Pedro Ramirez super power
Suzy Lafayette super power
Interaction between Graveyard Busybody and Over My Dead Bodies
Would A "Dual Capital" (house) rule make sense in Axis and Allies Pacific?
Unstable set official abbreviation
Can a spell fizzle because a cost-reducing effect is removed?
Playing Nope on a Double Slap after it has been played
Die of Malice: use freely every turn?
Exploding Kittens- Slap to get out of multiple turns
How to analyse my own games?
How do I avoid making a "video game forced to be a board game"?
Floating eye win / loss condition [spoilers]
The Winged Dragon of Ra's ATK & DEF increase
Why does Tales of the Arabian Nights have the victory condition it has?
Monopoly Deal Discarding Extra Cards
Guillotine: Action cards on the field
How many steals runner do when accessing multiple agendas in the archives?
Solemnity + chronozoa = Infinte Loop = Draw?
Delayed Action?
Which game does this die belong to?
Which city is destroyed if there are 2+ to choose from?
Which enemies count in Time Stories - A Prophecy of Dragons?
Do Time Stories combats during travel between Locations use up Time Units?
When, if at all, does initiative pass between players?
Parallax mechanics
Game that this piece comes from?
Can you owe a player in monopoly
Civilization A New Dawn: How may additional control tokens be placed when resolving the Civil Service focus card
Go game board - what is this on the back?
What got Yata Garasu banned?
Do I need to call Uno after swapping hands?
Do you score for all smaller words within the long one in the same move in scrabble?
Coat Of Arms And Goblin Tokens
Why does the dealer in blackjack receive only one face-up card, not two like the players?
Sunbird's invocation implied rules
Breaking an unknown rule had major effect on our Monopoly game, how do we resolve it after we learn the rule?
No family member that can pass away
Can Actions Be Played on 1 base and "jump" to affect play on other bases?
In Pandemic, can the Coordinator's ability be used on another player's turn?
Pandemic 2012 or 2013
Is there a damage phase in the final round of Steampunk Rally?
How to summon Number C107: Neo Galaxy Eyes Tachyon Dragon
Axis & Allies 1941: Can stranded defending fighters land in a friendly territory with hostile planes?
Can a “flung” creature that is destroyed still deal damage?
Do you have to play the basic Risk Europe game with exactly four players?
Is it feasible to do a Yu-Gi-Oh! booster draft?
Pixel Tactics - static stat modifiers and damage calculations
Are Starter Deck Yugi Reloaded and Starter Deck Kaiba Reloaded balanced against each other?
How often do you have to move the outbreak marker in a chain reaction?
What happens if I exile The Grand Calcutron with Do-It-Yourself Seraph?
In Jenga, how do we define the "highest completed layer"?
What happens if a slapped player plays a card before playing a Slap
Does anyone remember how to play a card game called "Wreck Your Neighbor's House"?
Crane Clan ability when they tie, but another faction would win
Journey to Eternity and Thrashing Brontodon
if you are in safety zone and you get a backwards 4, do you move backwards and then forwards?
Is it possible to use ritual effects to pay for Propaganda?
How to counter BOOM! + Breaking News + 24/7 News Cycle?
What is the name of this fantasy game with cards and little treasure counters?
Recommended strategies for Mercante in Fiera?
In chess, what is the name for the tactics when a piece makes an attack by itself but also opens line(s) of attack for a friendly piece(s)?
What happens if I go past Phase 10 in Phase 10 Twist?
How many iterations of the legend rule have there been?
In Monopoly, Can I mortgage the property I land on in order raise sufficient funds for its purchase?
Go Surrounding Rules
Sacrifice a blocking creature or sacrifice an attacking creature
Painter's Servant combo with Progenitus in library
Remove roles based on number of players in Saboteur 2
Can Heckling Fiends cause a creature to attack on an opponent’s turn?
How do I determine a character's probability to escape from combat in DungeonQuest (third edition)?
Constricting Sliver + Hibernating Sliver interaction
Can I give my creature Persist and Sacrifice it to Greater Good to save it from destruction by Beast Within?
Monopoly Deal - JSN Card
Can Dark Magician the Dragon Knight stop Trap Eater?
When and where do Theros Gods become creatures or stop being creatures?
Neutralize All Threats - Am I required to trash the second card accessed if I was not able to trash the first one?
Hellcarver Demon and Second Sunrise
If a creature enters as a copy, does it have summoning sickness?
Exert Ability Workings with Untap Abilities
Why is my Deck not legal for Frontier?
texas holdem full house showing in table, splitting pot among players
Targeting instants with aftermath in a graveyard
When a creature affected by a change-of-control effect is destroyed, where does it go?
Why was SPYRAL Quik Fix limited instead of banned?
Using Huatli, Radiant Champion ability on another Huatli, Radiant Champion
Who won this Texas Hold’em hand?
Claiming a tunnel when no matching cards are turned over
Can Emrakul's Evangel save me from "destroy all creatures"?
Game where you guess whether something is true
Dead of Winter exile PvP attack
Can the player choose a different player as a target?
Does untapping lands trigger Wake Thrasher's ability?
Can your partner go alone when you decide trump?
Would a Necromantic Selection and Angel of Glory’s Rise combo work?
Does Angel of Jubliation prevent repeating Lim-Dûl's Vault?
Can you choose NOT to activate a trap card?
Tidal Warrior and Islandwalk
What happens if I give double strike to a creature right after the combat damage is dealt?
Is a card considered the same card if it is from a different set?
Building settlements in Seafarer
What happens in Catan junior if you have to pay out a resource from your own pile to another player, but you don’t have that resource?
What land destruction enabler was wrongfully banned in the early history of Magic: the Gathering?
Has black’s moyo already given them an advantage
Can you conquer 3 cities with the flight card?
Can devotion of just one colour satisfy a multicolored devotion condition?
Can I sacrifice a sacrificed permanent?
Is a Ritual Summon still considered a Tribute Summon?
How do Pitiless Plunderer and Bontu's Last Reckoning interact with each other?
Finishing a turn on a previously discovered room, draw icon card?
Why are "Egyptian God" cards so significant?
What's the "biggest change we've ever made" in Magic?
What is the best way to deal with cheats?
How can I find all cards with flavor text from a certain set and colour?
Can cards from an invalid meld be used in a subsequent valid meld?
Question about pawn moves
Are older copies of current standard-legal reprints playable again?
How am I supposed to position my link monster?
Are you allowed to play a monster in face up defense position?
When do flip effects happen in the battle phase?
Is there a reason not to play your whole hand at once if you can?
Can you cast Polymerization on your first turn?
Do I have to say if the face-down card I'm playing is a trap or spell, or is it enough to place it in the trap/spell zone?
Are union cards activated from your hand, or only from the field?
If an opponent's creature attacks my defense position creature and in response I destroy it with a trap or spell, do I still have to flip my creature?
When can you change a monster's position?
Can you tell if one board is balanced or not compared to the others?
What happens when the Paranormal Investigator looks at a Doppelganger or Copy Cat who is now bad?
Can flip effects be in response to something?
Does Coat of Arms work on various Artifact Creatures?
Can you remove a spell counter to activate an ability during battle?
What does it mean to be "treated as a Blue Eyes card"?
If I can Special Summon Blue-Eyes Twin Burst Dragon without Polymerization, why would I ever use Polymerization for it?
What is the art depicted on the Magic 6th Edition paper playmats?
Are Kaladesh cards still Standard legal?
Can I get infinite turns with this combination?
In Gloomhaven, is the leading card chosen for initiative after or before monster cards are revealed
Euchre - Calling a a renege after the hand is closed before the next deal?
Chess with Sudoku limitations
Can Sacrificial Construct be uses to prevent the trash of cards like Clone Chip or Shiv?
Bang! 6 Player Problem - It's unbalanced one way or another.
Can you attack twice in one turn?
Does Wildfire Eternal give Dread Wanderer graveyard flash?
How fair is an almost perfect riffle shuffle?
What's the (Dutch) name of this "push your luck" dice game?
In Gloomhaven - do monsters spawn in the beginning of scenarios that have open doors/passageways to other tiles?
When can spells, quick-spells, and traps be activated during the battle phase?
Can Robots push when moving sideways?
Prevent combat damages dealt with trample
Toon Monster attack drawback
Smash Up - Teddy Bears "Group Hug" Card
Adventure board game I had as a kid
What to do if I do not have any Link Monsters?
In chess, how many times can a piece be attacked at once?
Spy Kit + Oddly Uneven: How can I determine what should occur?
Can Recycle be sacrificed?
In Scrabble if you use all your letters to make up a word, do you get an extra points?
How does priority of triggered abilities and state based actions work together?
What kind of cost is the effect on Trinisphere?
What decides whether a card is exiled or returned as a player loses?
How to make a game of Yu-Gi-Oh! quicker?
Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV 8 and Return of the Dragon Lords
Monopoly Deal - Can you switch your cards after charging rent on them?
Stealing a "play at any time" item as a thief in Munchkin?
Can one dragon's destruction bring back all of my Keepers of the Shrine?
Can an enchantment tutor find me auras?
How does this Imperial Assault character 'Shoot First'?
How to choose initial directives for Adam?
Recasting Azor's Gateway after it has been returned to my hand
Does Mirrorworks still create a copy when the original has left the battlefield?
Omen Machine and no library
Sacrificing Spine of Ish Sah?
Question regarding when a player gains Ascend
Aliens in the hallway
Attack a creature you control with instants?
Canasta Going Out
Canasta: Rules to pick up discard pile when frozen or not frozen
What are the differences between the 1st and 2nd editions of Galaxy Trucker?
Replenish internal sensors when the computers are offline
Find Spell cards self banish or cards banish spell in grave
Can Link monsters be switched to defense?
Does Skids O'Toole and the Composed talent provide for unlimited rerolls?
Can I activate ninjutsu between first strike and normal damage steps
Do the benefits of going second in Yu-Gi-Oh! outweigh those of going first?
What are all the ways to win by card effect?
How damages from an attack applies to a player?
How much life can I gain attacking someone who can't fall under 1 hp with lifelink creatures?
What makes a game a Microgame?
Play diplomacy offline
Supernatual Stamina + Commander
What is the best strategy for when to meld in (standard) Rummy?
Can a single event trigger more than one triggered ability?
Damage distribution while blocking many creatures at once
Action selection in a hidden movement game that may require more information to be complete
Can resolution of an ability be used to trigger another ability?
How does the Feedback Loop card work in Gloomhaven?
Why can't I find a copy of Crystalline Sliver printing from the Tempest Remastered Set?
How to deal with B/G/W Abzan Warriors with many +1/+1 Counters?
Can you eradicate a disease without finding a Cure first?
Does anyone recognize this monster family board game?
How does a freeze/stop pile work in Canasta?
What happens to Poison Counters after the Player that gave them leaves the game?
Does Crystalline Sliver currently have hexproof or shroud?
Betrayal at the house on the hill arsenal room and puzzlebox
Difference between a knight and a meeple
Draughts: King required?
Is rent owed when landing on a property because of a card rather than a dice roll?
If a spell tells me to draw then discard a card, can I cast it before discarding it?
Where are the MTG Lexicon pages?
What should happen if a player requests the floorman after an opponent deliberately exposes their hand?
Spin on old cribbage
Why was Monster Reborn brought back?
Magic: The Gathering - Does Captivating Crew's ability resolve if I bounce it in response?
What is the point of Legendary Magician of Dark's effect?
Escape From Colditz (2 player): How do you deal with all your POWs being in Solitary?
How does the timing of mana draining compared to ending phases?
Can I build a strong knight with Deserter if the victim removes a mighty knight?
Clarification of the typo in the Almanac's entry for Intrigue
Any ideas on how to get a 'sudden attack effect' in a board game?
Can a properly summoned monster, that was returned to the hand, be discarded to the graveyard and special summoned from there?
Are all events one-shot?
Multiplayer priority and passing priority
Is a commander send to the command zone by Release to the Wind subject to the commander tax?
Riddleform and Hadana's Climb
Can a space marine chapter consist of marines from other chapters?
Carcassone Hills & Sheeps - how do the sheep rules make sense?
Does Silent Gravestone stop eternalize
What happens with excess damage from a blocked creature
Can special cards with "discard" label in King of Tokyo be saved until later?
2000s Tabletop war game, hex terrain pieces, mix of science fiction and fantasy
Do I play a hero's ability every time I draw it?
Koth of the Hammer (-2 ability)
Playing Desertion on a commander
Can I create a colour scheme for a custom chapter and the apply it to other chapters?
Can I simply ignore some effects on a card when there's no target for them?
Evolution the Beginning - Scavenger card
Can I make a space marine army and then have them ally with the tau?
Can I use chapter specific characters in a custom space marine chapter?
Start of the First Day
Catan Cities and Knights: Aqueduct and The Robber
Can Desert Island's 'Trap' card be used on multiple targets affected by fate?
What happens in Desert Island if no fate tokens are in play at the end of the round?
How are you supposed to build space marines in 8th Ed?
Can a squad use a leader or unit from another squad?
Why was Maxx "C" banned from play?
Can the Collapsed Room land you in the Mystic Elevator?
Does Sutured Ghoul count cards exiled by other effects, such as suspended creatures?
How does Blood Sun interact with Cavern of Souls?
2 players. Can I play the draw 2 after a draw 4 if it was the last card to the previous player?
Is there a standard notation for poker games?
How to deal with Avenger and Overload Pulse
Is the Native discarded when moving onto a Base Camp?
Does removing First Strike affect creatures with Double strike?
Does the old Howling Mine have an erratum?
Do artifacts have a value?
How to use get out of jail free card
Two players tied for second place in a timed tourney, who goes heads up?
Is it possible to set up a board state where neither player can ever win or lose except by conceding?
Does qGo + GNU Go save or load handicap games incorrectly and how can one work around it
Charter boat vs. Sea Lanes
Does "defeat" trigger before/after battle abilities?
Can I use Stormland Mirror on my last turn?
Unable to play Agent P card in Phineas and Ferb Uno?
Strionic Resonator and triggered abilities
which has precedence when they conflict
If both players have Boros Battleshaper, can I cancel out my opponent's ability with mine?
Thornbite Staff and mana cost
When a creature turns into a frog, does damage stay on it?
Cryptoplasm Counters
Is this double ko played reasonably by AlphaGo Zero and AlphaGo Lee?
Adding units to an existing front
Can I steal from a city with a city wall?
How to balance Projex?
Getting Carcassonne expansions 7 and 8
Having started a small avalanche, what does one do with an undefended cutting stone?
Who wins when the Inquisitor kills somebody in Blood Bound?
Can units support a battle if they came from the same march order that started it in Game of Thrones?
Can I copy a counter spell to then counter said counter?
Do Cascade and Epic work together?
Can an enchantment creature with hexproof be targeted by destroy target enchantment card?
Catan Seafarers discovery question
POKER - Is it best to sit out your blinds?
Does Skyward Eye Prophets get an extra use of its ability because it has vigilance?
Declaring Targets with Hexproof
"Poker size" cards: layout for easy printing
What does "played from your hand" actually mean?
How do emblems work?
Resource Monopoly when player only has one of the named resource
Betrayal at house on the hill #43 the star-sickness
Is exchanging life the same as losing life?
How is the CMC of a spell obtained for Vial Smasher?
Split Second or Can not Be Countered
Simic Manipulator and polymorphist's jest combo
City was not first a settlement. How to fix?
You can play a land but you can't cast a land
Sakashima's Student and Stinkdrinker Bandit
Can 'whenever' abilities trigger multiple times per turn?
Does Throne of the God-Pharaoh work with tapped vehicles?
Targeting an exchanged creature with a hexproof equipment
Can you move some else’s Jenga piece?
MTG Trapjaw Tyrant vs Butcher of Malakir and tokens
Can I move the fairie on a bonus turn due to the builder?
How do Moldgraf Monstrosity and Feldon of the Third Path interact?
Can I use the red 5 to move someone out of their safety zone?
Chance card in monopoly
Texas Hold'em: The flop vs Turn/River
Will Journey to Eternity come back if the enchanted creature comes back as a land?
Can you cast a card with Madness multiple times when it is discarded?
Necroskitter and clone/ board wipe interaction
Catalyst Field third effect
Can I give myself multiple turns at once with Beacon's of Tomorrows?
What happens with Poison Counters in Two Headed Giant?
Does your Death's Shadow become bigger if you are at negative life?
Purpose of Legolas' affliation to the Elves
Game with changing goal
Can I use Mentor of the Meek on small guys with buffed stats?
Can I reveal a card from my hand whenever I want legally?
Are Twilightsworn considered Lightsworn?
Canasta- using the top card of a non frozen pile to a canasta meld
Would an enchantment placed on an opponent still take effect if they played Aegis of the Gods afterwards?
Can a creature with deathtouch be killed by a creature that it is killing?
What is a land creature?
Do you have to sacrifice a transformed creature put into play via Through the Breach?
Why would one want more than 40 cards in their deck?
Evenly Matched and Cosmic Cyclone
Can you pay more life than you have?
When playing with Unstable cards when and by whom the distance metrics is chosen?
What does a player get after defeat the Boss Monster in area 11, 12 and 13?
What are you allowed to do if you only have 1 card in hand, and no Canastas yet?
probably antique French game - asking for identification
What are the rules for a space marine commander?
Why did Yu-Gi-Oh! change from an unlimited deck size to a 60 card maximum deck size?
Do I retaliate against a missed attack?
How long do you keep the rattlesnake card in Bang!
How does White survive in this corner?
Can I resolve this effect that has been destroyed, banished, or sent to the deck?
With Life and Limb do my forest's suffer from summoning sickness
Where do I find the Magic: the Gathering article about varying card backs?
How do I (self) promote a board game?
Does the ship saved by the Bio Integration Circuit get rolled on the turn the Circuit is used?
What happens to leftover money in the pot in Red Dog (card game)?
Discard a card not working?
Can Romanians be placed in Finland in Stalingrad?
Can I make a monster indestructible?
Are the number and colours of cards in player's hands private information?
How can Final Countdown be exploited?
What’s the name of this three row solitaire?
How does the Innistrad "no spells / two or more spells cast last turn" transform trigger work?
Can I cast Dire Fleet Daredevil if my opponent has no instants or sorceries in their graveyard?
Diplomacy 'Trojan Blind' hints
What is this "power enumerator" in Scythe?
Question about priority and how spells would resolve
What is a Conspiracy Card and how does it work?
Is it a valid strategy to accumulate cards then swap hand?
What is Devoid and what is special about it?
Can I Nope a Defuse?
Does splicing change the target of a spell
Does Seedborn Muse untap Time Vault
Baral, Chief of Compliance doubt
What the difference between +x/+x on some Cards, and how does it effect the ability "Undying"
Are there additional (custom ?) tracks for Formula One?
Are you able to take control of another player's Commander?
Magic: the Gathering, EDH/Commander - Official Rules List?
Tak - Do you still win, if in creating your road, you also created a road for the other player?
How to deal with Legendary tokens?
Does a permanent with multiple types count in all cases as all types
Why does Renegade Freighter not just have trample?
International rules for a king how many moves can the king take if there are no opposition pieces to jump?
Can one draw their commander to the command zone, and would that be a draw?
How many Conspiracy Cards are allowed in a deck
Stonehewer Giant questions
(Dominaria Spoilers) Can the new buy-a-box-promo card deal damage to Planeswalkers?
What is resolved first, an card when-player-summon effect or a summoned card effect?
Can creatures with summoning sickness block?
Warkite Marauder and the timing for its effect
Can any spell be played as a face-down 2/2 creature for 3 colourless mana?
Lion's Eye Diamond and madness
Rummikub buying two jokers
Can I keep on pumping Phyrexian Devourer?
Whose turn is it when the end-of-round 5 turns are called and the turn is being passed?
What is this four-player card game with only Jacks, Queens, Kings, and Aces?
Identify game with 'Cataclysm cards and Sin cards' based on game end rules
What is the name of this trick-taking card game?
How is France played in Allies and Axis Europe 1940 (Second Edition)?
What is the gold token used for in Kitty Paw?
Am I permitted to see my own combat cards?
Does exchanging a dead card count as a move for loss of a card?
What is the criteria for being a "X" monster?
Who chooses the targets for Captain's Maneuver?
How can I prevent my old card sleeves from sticking together?
Can I choose to sacrifice from Remorseless Punishment if I have Sigarda, Host of Herons in game?
What does "until end of turn" mean?
Why was Reinforcement of the Army limited?
Does Cascade look at CMC or mana cost payed?
Can I transform Westvale Abbey during either assign attackers or assign blockers phase
Bile Blight on Chronozoa
Will a Theros God with low devotion enter the battlefield as a copy of Essence of the Wild?
Axis and Allies 1942 SE First Turn Builds
Sac outlet, Cyclonic Rift overload, & Chronozoa
How does the Stun mechanic work in this scenario in Maximum Apocalypse?
Recent semi co-op maze game designed to be played blind
Where do I get the mana from for cards that give me mana?
Can you respond to a mandatory action loop?
Put two +1/+1 counters and -1/-1
Zurgo + Assault suit questions
Is rolling to escape a monster required?
Does the Well Stocked improvement apply to epidemic infections?
Is an incident recorded when an outbreak occurs?
Word of Command recursion
Supreme King Gate Zero's role/s in a Dark Magician deck?
Why isn't Pot of Greed, or any banned card, instead errata-ed?
Why are the OCG and TCG banlists radically different?
What happens when I copy a spell with cascade?
Can the last two player heal with beer when Ghost Town is in play?
Does Barren Glory require its trigger condition to be satisfied when the ability resolves?
Go: How is a "suicidal" move that captures enemy stones handled?
Could you use Twincast to counter Cryptic Command?
Canasta opening with jokers
Is it possible to go from a Backgammon opening position to a Nackgammon opening position in 6 moves?
PvP strategy for Through the Ages
Can I Mindslaver my opponent and then cast his Panglacial Wurm and have it come under my control?
Can I omit Advanced Missions in Star Fleet Battles?
What are the differences between the Battletech Master Rules and their Revised Edition?
Mimeoplasm on Enemy Commanders in Grave
Ivy Lane Denizen similar effects
Thespian's Stage, attacking, and damage
When is three of a kind a valid set in Indian Rummy?
Can I take a face-up Locomotive card as a second card?
How would this seki be scored at the end of the game?
Stack resolution in stack
Is a spell or ability, targeted against a permanent with protection from that spell or ability's color, an illegal play?
When gaining control of an opponent's target creature, who do effects of that card that apply to?
How many Healing Surges to start with?
Is summoner monk on the banlist?
Cardgame where participants have to guess the situation based on hints
Can I pay to return my opponent's Shackles to their hand?
What happens if I sacrifice the land chosen by Glacial Chasm?
How many mono-red damage doubling effects are there?
Backgammon best strategy for clearing my home
Sacrificing a creature - Magic the gathering
What's this game featuring a 15x15 peg board, and 60 pegs for the two sides?
playing off previous runs?
Bridge auction and play with a 5521 hand opposite 1255
Etali and returning casted cards questions
Is "this way" defined in the rules?
Can I use spells with dual mana symbols against Iona, Shield of Emeria?
MTG Enchantment vs instant
Is there a solution to this freecell game?
How can I resolve my Dragon Shield sleeves being curved?
Mystery at Stargazer's Manor: Doable with only 2 players?
In what systems are opening 4 card majors ok?
Who gets the 2 bonus victory points for reaching a new island?
Full explanation of how multi-phrase cards work
What joseki, if any, yields this position on page 60 of 38 Basic Joseki?
Why you can't summon face-up monsters in defense position?
Can a "hero" player voluntarily become a traitor?
Can A Wild Rage Card Ever Be Less Than Zero?
How to play the Harbinger card in Dominion
If Mirage Mirror becomes a copy of a creature, and then is put into the library some how, does it still stay a creature until end of turn?
Caller of the Pack and Counter Placement
Settlers of Catan trade dynamics question
Continuous Trap Card Monsters VS Face Down Defense Ruling
Can Burst of Strength save a creature that's already about to die?
Grisly Spectacle has two parts if the first part fails does the second still happen
Building supply depots - mission
Go: How to count territory in this example?
what’s the names of the card game that uses 8 decks of cards?
MTG: Balthor the Defiled as a Commander
Can't find the specific price for MTG japanese cards
What types go well together in a Pokémon deck?
Can Gideon, Champion of Justice be exiled the moment he becomes a creature with his 0 ability?
How to effectively have three (3) combat phases with Aurelia, the Warleader + Legion's Initiative
What happens when opponent draws Exodia and Deck Out in the same turn?
MTG: Can I use the ability of my Five-Alarm Fire before it getting destroyed? How does priority works here?
Stopping a CounterSpell with Aurelia's Fury it's possible?
Two players would gain control of a creature after it dies — who does?
What happens if two forces of unequal strength attacks the same province?
Can trap monsters and defense zone create a valid field lock?
Martial Law vs Zacama, Primal Calamity
Reasoning for Soul Warden and Ajani's Pridemate interaction
How does deathtouch work?
Do Collective Restraint and Nylea's Presence work together in a non-5-color EDH deck?
How to attack White’s corner in this beginner’s 9x9 game?
Legion's Initiative vs Day of Judgment
Deathbringer Regent and Phantasmal Image ETB Clause
Splitting up a run containing a joker
How is an Uno stalemate handled?
Biome/nature board game- collecting animal cards from different environments
What is the effect of filling the Dragon Ball Meter?
Can more threats be active than threat slots?
Does Hallowed Burial search all libraries for creature cards and put them on the bottom too?
Can I counter a creature casted last turn?
Play all but one + hand limit zero + draw one = stalemate?
Whenever you gain life put a counter. At the end of turn or by each time you gain life?
What's this circular board with a spider in the middle
Betrayal at house on the hill haunt #13 (Spoilers)
Putting the cards back into the tower
Am I allowed to take measurements before declaring an attack?
In 2-3 player Citadels, can the unique district abilities be triggered twice?
In Magic the Gathering, what block is the Homelands expansion set?
Cant remember the name
If two things say "You may pay (cost)" and I pay that cost once, do both things happen?
Ninjutsu ability and the stack
Does Wild Onslaught put counters on Hallar, the Firefletcher before or after it's ability triggers
What is this alternate cut after 3-3 against double keima round hoshi?
Why choose tsuke-nobi after a double keima against hoshi?
Can a countered creature be regenerated?
MTG: Guardian of the Gateless
How does Hallar, the Firefletcher work with Multikicker?
What is the order of Waterfront Bouncer's ability + Basking Rootwalla + Intruder Alarm on the stack?
When do you gain life from lifelink when attacking?
Skilled Dark Magician's effect in response to attack
Carcassonne builder and bazaars
What are some examples of non-creature permanents?
Where does mana come from?
Why do some people use fetchlands in mono-colored decks?
Pandemic Legacy 2 - definition of "adjacent"
Endless flickering with Naru Meha?
Is it possible to use mirage mirror when your turn starts before upkeep step?
How do multiple Raging Rivers interact?
Do the sides reveal their goals when the haunt begins?
How often can I activate planeswalker abilities with Teferi's emblem?
Would Panharmonicon give my Myojins extra divinity counters?
How often can we use Tyr's Challenge?
What are the limitations on pillaging and battling a region?
Loki's Trickery card rss
Odin's Smite card and Thor's Primacy card and Heimdall's Watch
Mtg Combo (Commander): Would it work? Rhys, the Redeemed
Does the medic remove cubes of the final cured disease (and thus eradicate it) before the game ends in a win?
When a monster is tributed due to the effect of Soul Exchange, whose graveyard does it go to?
Does Equinox counter Desolation Angel if it's kicked?
Impersonation in regional pro tour qualifier
If something happens to a vehicle, what happens to the creatures that crewed it?
Re-equipping monsters to a ranked up monster
What is the bonus points for Gin and Undercut?
MTG: Abilities lost when exiled?
Why don't ground-types (fighting) in Pokemon TCG have resistance to electric?
Did every booster of Unglued contain basic land?
Can I use Helm of the Hosts to copy artifacts enchanted by Ensoul Artifact?
Can you spend one production unit to offset population loss from plague cubes on a population 0 location?
Does being removed from a location via a character ability or event count as "leaving"?
Am I technically allowed to look up cards during a Magic tournament match?
betrayal at house on the hill attacking and lucky stone
Sheriff of Nottingham Negotiation Question
Can a creature be destroyed just before Shalai gives it hexproof?
Do Combat Celebrant and Helm of the Host give me infinite combat phases?
In Go (board game) under Chinese rulings how does the scoring of empty territory work?
Interaction between Time of Ice and Rescue
What is the definitive source of rulings for the Pokemon TCG?
Does Sosuke, Son of Seshiro's deathtouch-like ability combo with Matsu-Tribe Sniper?
What happens to the cards revealed when building a tunnel?
Spy or secret identity game
Space version of a monopoly like game?
Worldfire and Protection
Chance Encounter/As Luck Would Have It and reflips/rerolls
Early to mid 70's 2-player maze race game - What was the name?
Do you announce when you have lost due to Insanity?
Does a person playing an illegal Draw 4 in Uno still get to pick the color?
Can you use an ability as you put the card on the stack?
Maximum number of coins from a tech?
Nekusar and the new damage redirection to planeswalkers
Regarding chains with trigger effects when summoning
Can you do a field of ruin and kefnet the mindfull combo
How does this Interaction between Lifeline and Lethal Vapors work?
Can I cast a "counter" on a spell that cannot be countered?
What is the process for determining if an infinite loop will be a draw?
Do the rules 720.3 and 720.5 contradict each other?
How do Sliver Overlord and Mirror Entity react together?
Will Mirror Gallery make it impossible for your Mox Amber to produce mana?
What card game is this? Similar to spades
How can I use Sliver Overlord to find non-Slivers?
Noxious Revival and Street Wraith interaction
How may it be possible to win and lose the game simultaneously?
Nature's Way ability clarification
How do I deal with 'take backsies', particularly in Twilight Imperium?
Gatling and backfire in Bang!
Henry Block and self Cat Balou in Bang
Blue Decoy shot by both Agent and Assassin
Flood Card Question
Bonded Horncrest and Prey Upon interaction
Can you take 2 gems of the same kind for 2-3 players?
Is an Action card resolved before or after an initiated clash?
Can Dragon Broodmother+Elemental Mastery be triggered to provide elemental tokens before upkeep resolves?
Cost increase and suspend
Would Cabal Stronghold count Snow-Covered Swamps?
Does mana stay in your mana pool after the land has been destroyed
What happens if I pocket both my own coin and my opponent's while covering the Queen?
Can cards turned face-down by Ixidron be turned face up again?
Is there a list of the cards included in Scuttle! and its expansions?
alternatives for odd # of players in hand and foot canasta
Dragon Ball Z TCCG (old style before GT came out) collectors sales costs
How does Rite of the Raging Storm work in Two-Headed Giant?
Does paradox engine activate its own ability
Tapping cards - mana pool - general questions
What would happen if you target a animated land with Mirrorweave?
Is there a white or green card that turns an artifact into a creature?
If a player loses, do any emblems they create for other players disappear?
Dominion: Can travellers (Peasant, Page) be Upgraded or Trade Routed?
How fast should a competitive combo deck win?
What does the "science book" symbol mean on "The Game of Life: Adventures Card Game"?
Is this the correct way to play the "Spoon" card?
Who decides which of the "or" effects is applied?
Does pocketing the Queen at the start of the game end the game immediately?
Which card combinations are required to score 29 points in a hand?
When I search for a card, do I have to reveal it to my opponent?
Does the "Tea" card apply to a multiple set of cards from a single player?
If Maiden with Eyes of Blue is targeted for an attack and is face down, can it still activate?
Civilization cards with toolmakers
Question about Delhi search (spoilers)
Can you forfeit or surrender?
What would casting a card with Sunburst do with an effect like Jodah's?
Where can I download the latest version of the Yu-Gi-Oh pc game (if available)?
MTG instant "Expedite" - can I resolve second spell ability if I cannot resolve the first?
Interaction between Hexproof and "target of an opponent's choice"
Royal favours in Caylus
Rules of Instants. MTG
Can you play a wild card on an existing Canasta to go out?
Want to find a website listing MTG groups in Japan
What is the standard cost for the illustration on a Yu-Gi-Oh! card?
Canasta Playing Wild Card on a Canasta
How do you eradicate a disease?
Is this interaction of Grunn, the Lonely King, and Run Amok correctly examined
Question about Shuttle Flight (spoilers)
Trouble: can you move any peg on your second pop after landing on double trouble?
How does Dread work in a Two-Headed Giant game?
Why doesn't Relentless Assault work if it is not cast during a main phase?
Can you tap your Mox Amber for colorless mana with only a colorless legendary in play?
Do I need mana to play an instant that lets me block my opponents attack?
Can you cast Squee, the Immortal when it is exiled with a bomat courier?
What position takes the most moves to solve for the jail puzzle (Klotski)?
Bang! Distances scope
End-of-the-turn casting in Magic Arena
The interaction between Omniscience and Trinisphere
Affecting win percentages in turn based games
Begginer question about lifelink and Evra
How does Double-Strike work, is it comparable to Windfury in Hearthstone?
Removal in response to the Helm of the Host's triggered ability
Is there a list of routecards for Ticket to Ride: Nordic Countries?
Demonic pact and Harmless Offering
Living Weapon and Hammer of Nazahn
Looking for name of very old board-type game
Can you sacrifice Corpse Hauler to its own ability and return it to the battlefield?
MTG can you destroy a chosen sacrificed creature twice
Game (like tic-tac-toe, but with a hole in the middle) where players have to score by getting temples on tiles?
Does token creation count as successfully casting a summon spell?
Do you have to pay the mana cost for cards exiled with Muse Vessel?
Yahtzee where to 6’s near end of game
Do Token Creatures go to the graveyard?
Searching a library for something, failing to find it, the later discovering it was there
Indomitable Creativity + Sacrifice Outlet
Can I have two planeswalkers with the same planeswalker type out on the field?
Can you change your mind about how a multi-target burn spell assigns damage after casting it?
How does this Example Endgame work in Scrabble? Playing Out Scenario
How would the Imperial Player use the scouted card? (Imperial Assault: Jabba's Realm)
Do you lose the counters on Azor's Elocutors if it's returned to your hand?
Does drawing a card in the draw phase use the stack, and related Laboratory Maniac shenanigans
Does "Stink Bomb" damage the Paladin when he is the first hero?
What happens if someone Doomblades a creature in response to you trying to give it Indestructible?
Which member of the Icelandic national football team designed a board game?
Does everyone get to see the color of a train card drawn from the pile?
What happens at the end of a players turn to a buffed creature that took more than its unbuffed base health?
Why can cards like Frost Breath tap creatures that are already tapped, but Teferi, Hero of Dominaria can’t untap lands that are already untapped?
Duplicate bridge mislead
Pandemic Legacy Season 1 September: Where to search if the conditions can’t be met?
Can I assign only some creatures to block Gorm the Great?
Targeted group game for 8 or 9 players
How do character upgrades interact with Dispatcher's special ability?
Can you tap artifacts to an improvise cost to help pay for kicker costs?
How do I play Z.O.D.?
Is a vehicle still a vehicle if it's no longer an artifact?
Opened Legendary Dragon Decks; wrong card order?
Can # Colorless pay Colorless Mana?
What is the expansion card stack in rivals for catan
Do Haunt 21 Zombies Have Stats Reduced With Damage?
Game based on old phone 'Snake' Game
Can Improvise pay for "twobrid" costs?
Can you sacrifice a creature to pay the cost of its ability?
Sorry! question regarding moving within safety zone
Interaction between Nivmagus Elemental and Rune Snag
If my opponent takes control of my creature, then it's exiled and later returns, is it still theirs?
Seal Away and Permanent control
How does Accelerated Aging effect Lenara Kahn with an Engineering Pad
Are two teams that attempt a planet mission present with each other
Can I use a Planeswalker's ability when I took over its control this turn?
Value of dragon ball Z card
Can you cancel specific hits?
Can an about-to-be-killed medical be stopped for Emergency Treatment of another personnel
Does the ability from Sorcerer's Wand deal combat damage?
How does Spine of Ish Sah interact with It That Betrays?
Can I transform a token copy of a double-faced card?
Does it have to be exactly five quarks to win?
To kill or remove an Indestructible
Identify a card game where one player points to cards and the others try to figure out the one they are signalling
Can the "Gatling" be countered by "Missed!"?
What sources of damage are not caused by players?
Can quarantine marker be refreshed as an action in Pandemic State of Emergency?
Are eliminated "Vulture Sam" and "Herb Hunter" triggered by "Ghost Town"?
Am I doomed in Shithead end-game?
Scythe: Opening Moves Book?
Is there a full analysis/explanation of the newspapers available?
Can I play an instant mid attack/block
Can a card copying a double-sided planeswalker transform?
Scenario 47: Replacing Dead Head With Body Token?
Can a planeswalker ability be activated in response to another spell or ability?
Can 0 or negative power creatures deal direct damage?
What happens if a double-faced card that is copying a different double-faced card transforms?
Do I draw cards from playing Lich at negative life?
Using an existing Canasta to pick up the discard pile
Mirage mirror what happens when copying a creature
Which creature deals damage with the Ninjutsu mechanic, and can I block the creature that comes in?
Card that deals damage and adds a +1/+1 counter
In Magic: The Gathering, can I include a card in my deck that I can't play based on my land setup?
Is this a legal Scrabble play?
Does the Ticket to Ride Africa version use tunneling?
Unable to destroy monster after negating its effects
What happens if I push another mech with skewer?
Can piercing damage be inflicted on a monster that is unaffected by monster effects?
Does anyone know what this game is?
what game is it?
What are the differences between the various version of Nosferatu?
How do you calculate hand probabilities for 10 cards per hand (8 suits); e.g.: Cripple Mr Onion?
When to lead a spade?
How can 7NT be played for this hand?
Who acts as Capo after Capo is wacked?
Precursor Golem + Saheeli's Artistry + non artifact golem
How do we determine which monster joins the game?
3 Missiles in a Single Combat packet - how should this sticker be treated?
Is there any bonus to a second Plague knife on Plague Marines?
Responding to Fusion/Ritual Summons
Can Protective Field passive ability protect multiple cards?
Does protection from a specific color help against an ability that cost a different color to activate?
In Phase 10, can Wild Cards be discarded?
Is Haphazard Bombardment legal with fewer than 4 nonenchantment permanents under my opponent's control?
How to reach either a 6 Hearts or a 6 NT contract?
Helping without being asked, is this legal?
Why can't Haphazard Bombardment randomly select a permanent with Indestructible?
When none of the opening bids are suitable - what do you bid?
Is there a correct overcall or double in this case?
Can I use Heroscape-style tiles in my own game designs?
Meld points in a double deck pinochle game
What bet to make in this Texas Holdem Tournament?
Phase 10 - acquiring cards after completing a phase
If ants are better than spiders, why are there more?
Can I place a row of letters that makes multiple new words in combination with tiles already on the board?
Can I switch perks?
The Scarab god and commanders
Beetle movement clarification
Is there a site to play Go online against a computer, in 2018?
What happens if you do not have any cards left in the Infection deck? (Minor spoilers)
Can Sarkhan, Fireblood pay for Mirror Image if it copies a dragon?
MTG: Legion's initiative rulings?
"Helicopter lift" card
Who wins if player who said 'cabo' has lowest points but another player also has the same?
How to spend attribute symbol on Gear card?
Does my Dryad Arbor stop being a creature with a Blood Moon in play?
How do multiple mana increasers stack?
What is the name of the little humanoid figure used as player token or resource in some Euro games?
Data on how large a particular Magic the Gathering tournament was?
Which card has the highest number of mana symbols in its mana cost?
Is there a term for cards that have the same name in the same set (like basic lands) but are different cards?
Yidris and Thran Temporal Gateway
Does Dryad Arbor remain a creature with Blood Sun in play?
Does "number of heroes when the haunt was revealed" include the traitor? (Haunt 17)
How would Mirko Vosk, Mind Drinker's triggered ability work with the Strionic Resonator?
In Santorini, does a god power replace original win condition
Can The Winged Dragon of Ra's second effect be used continously?
Is cascade triggered by putting a creature into play?
Does D/D/D oracle King d'arc's effect work on all card effects that take life Points?
What languages / countries do not have a dedicated Scrabble set?
Sheriff of Nottingham - Is the sheriff allowed to take your bribe and still search your bag?
Why the insistence on who has the most dice after removals?
Is it possible to not pay a conditional counter with the cost set at 0?
Can cards that say "deal damage to any target" deal damage to a planeswalker?
What happens when I equip Helm of the Host on Gideon?
Are there cards that turn opponents' life loss into my life gain?
Using English cards in France
If a player sets a monster that is revealed to be invalid when it is flipped face up, what happens?
Small worlds under ground and mummies
Destroying Odric, Master Tactician in response to declared attackers
Scoring Attractions in Ticket to Ride: New York
What's the difference between "target creature" and "target creature you control"?
How does this ability resolve?
Why does Cryptbreaker need this additional text?
Does "[card name] or another [type]" require [card name] to be in the proper category?
Does the Candle item work with It Is Meant To Be?
Can a player take a card from the researcher on their turn if they have the co-worker relationship but are not in the same city?
Questions on Incendiary Flow and Failed Inspection
Does "Ingenious Jury-Rig" block cards from returning to their owners pile
Can I attach Batterskull to a creature of my choice when I put it on the battlefield with Quest for the Holy Relic?
Suspend spells and outpost siege
How to find online players for San Juan?
Have there been revisions to the rules of Catan?
(MTG) Can Trespasser’s Curse revive a player?
When can a guild be cloned based on Olympia's B stage 3?
Hungarian card says MINIMUM in the description, but MAXIMUM on the top
Does a dashed creature return to my hand at the end of the turn after an opponent takes control of it?
How does the Commander 2018 Storm cycle work with Partner commanders?
Blood Moon and Arixmethes
Bridge Scoring Question
Settlers of Catan: Cities and Knights - Rule Clarificarions
Will Path of Mettle flip if I fullfill the conditions after declaring attackers?
MTG: Priority before attacking
Can I cast a spell in combat check after having rolled?
Bridge: Strong balanced hand rebid?
What kind of damage do you deal when successfully defending with Chalk?
Is there an order in which the leaders effect applies?
Does a Xantcha I cast trigger a Warstorm Surge I control?
MTG Graveyard casting with 'X' costs
Bang! Elimination Award For Henry Block and Backfire
Bang! - Eliminating an outlaw with backfire
What rules explain Xantcha's behavior when its controller leaves the game?
In the Pokémon TCG, is there a combination of cards that prevents you from milling out?
In Rummikub, can you split a run on the end or it must be within the ends? ex- 34567 turned into 234...&...567
Does an activated ability that creates a permanent get affected by Damping Engine?
How do I handle a gameplay error when I have an equivalent play available in a tournament?
Claiming a route using only locomotives in Ticket to Ride
What is this game that is about connecting streams?
Can Silent Gravestone prevent someone from casting an Aftermath spell from the graveyard?
Specific case when Berenice is in play
Children's transport-themed game book, possibly European
If I clone a Dryad Arbor is the clone a land?
Canasta Melding with insufficent points
What game is this wooden die from?
Multiple enchantments on a single player
When a player gets Rummikub & the round is over, how is play continued?
Is it legal to use a paper and a pen during Android: Netrunner play?
Do I get to play a planeswalker's ability when I transform the card?
What happens if I gain control of my opponent's Rekindling Phoenix until end of turn, and it dies?
Is there a reason to have both of these rules in the comprehensive rulebook for Magic: the Gathering?
How to deal with being a 'dungeon master' and the other players finding the missions too hard?
Should the Awakening Center be rezed to host cards?
Clarification for Secret warehouse
The "Big Five" Bidding Convention in Spades
Why do cards like Isochron Scepter have more than one "may" clause?
Does the Jol-Nar promissory note allow the recipient to research faction technology unit upgrades?
Can warmachine Battle Engines gain stealth?
With Necropotence, would I keep playing even with no library?
Can You Play Two Search Cards at Once in Competitive Play
Can Apex Install Non-Virtual Resources via Assimilator?
At what stage does combat actually start?
How do encounter card vampires work in combat?
What happens if Krosan Verge does not have a land of the specific type to pull?
How to mobilize Cardinal Koth?
Wild card in uno of colour change rule
Can I use Nissa, Steward of Elements, to put out a creature with {X} in its mana cost onto the field?
What happens in multiplayer Magic when I'm forced to attack and one opponent has Propaganda?
For Shield ability, does Riot Trooper gain 1 power token per figure, or just 1 total?
Identify this card game with a 52-Card deck and two teams
Who gets the copies from Eye of the Storm when control of a spell is switched before exiling the spell?
When is someone the controller of a permanent?
Rummikub - Picking up a played tile before your turn is over
Open lead in Spades
Leading Aces in the game of Spades
Mafia - Werewolf: Online play
Can you enchant yourself with an aura that enchants a permanent?
What are vintage magic cards worth?
Can Arlinn Kord's -1 ability target planeswalkers?
How do cards with multiple Xs in their mana cost work with cards that reduce their costs?
Do I draw a card when I resolve an enchantment with Eidolon of Blossoms, Opalescence, and Torpor Orb in play?
Lord of the Ring LCG: Silvan Refugee forced effect
Stacking game around 1993-1996
Pokémon energy cards with circled numbers
Can I target Nicol Bolas, the Ravager/Arisen with its own -4 ability?
Lord of the Ring LCG: Gandalf and Expert Treasure-hunter
How does stealing a creature's text box work with copies?
How to implement numerous resources in a clean efficient way
What counts as a coastline in Catan Seafarers?
Insufficient resources for full resupply
New Player and Returning Player New Card Recommendations
If unit A attacks unit B (which was attacking unit C) does the attack on B by A stop the attack on C by B?
Attack/defense diplomacy
Can you place a meeple on a tile you didn't place?
How does second edition farmer scoring work?
Games played numbers notation [MTG - Online]
Is modification of the face of a card legal?
Can We Play Pathfinder Society Adventure Card Guild Seasons With Normal Characters?
Canasta - picking up stock pile
Is Heritage Druid's ability limited by summoning sickness?
In Jokers and Pegs Game can I use a joker to help my partner after all my pegs are home safe?
Ticket to ride, wareouses and depots : how to collect traincards?
Do abilities that say "each player/opponent" target, and can I change who's affected?
Spades - mirror variant
Can Brago's ability keep Traft's angel token around?
Help me identify this old tile stacking game
Canasta - initial pickup
Sacrificing an opponent's creature
Can I play a card for its miracle cost in this situation?
Can you target a creature with my creatures enter the battlefield ability if they both enter the battlefield at the same time?
Destroying a permanent with ability "as long as this card is on the battlefield"
Can Thrun, the Last Troll be exiled?
Spades - is the rule "Second hand plays low, Third hand plays high" important?
Which Reference Materials are Allowed During a Chess Match?
Can I activate abilities in the middle of declaring blockers?
Looking for an online Yu-Gi-Oh! game where you can add your real life deck
Deviations from basic strategy due to the count in blackjack?
What is the Fling interaction with Removal?
Online Pathfinder
Bonus troops from controlling continents and trading cards for troops in Risk
Spades - strategy differences when playing with Jokers
UNO Card Game- What is the +4 card and how to use it in a game?
Does Nyxathid trigger Sarkhan's Unsealing if my opponent has cards in hand?
Can Story Cards be reviewed after they have been discarded?
Lathliss, Dragon Queen + Where Ancients Tread interaction
Spades - how to bid my spades suit?
Dominion: ghost plus pixie
Which is faster: Enter the Battlefield Effects or Activated Abilities?
Functional figures in board games
Do cards that prevent cards in graveyards from being targeted by spells and abilities stop cards such as Crucible of Worlds?
Why can't I activate Rank-Up-Magic Admiration Of Thousands on duelingnexus.com?
Freecell puzzle unsolvable?
Doctor Who Fluxx - do Dalek cards affect all doctors
Where is the Queen placed when a C/M is already at center?
Spades - Nil to lead
Settlers of Catan edition?
Scarab God VS Meren of Clan Nel Toth
What Programs Work Duing a Jak Sinclair Run
Getting Joker from the existing groups in Rummikub
Does entering a fight prevent use of cards with effects during movement phase afterwards?
Adaptive automaton effects
Looking through the discard pile in canasta
How does the following interaction with Swords to Plowshares and Death's Shadow work?
What happens if you have a Uba Mask and a Thought Reflection in play?
Group of three tiles containing 2 Jokers
How would Progenitus affect the game as a commander?
If Progenitus "dies" to the command zone, can I shuffle my deck?
Do the prices of cards drop when they leave Standard?
Can you choose to discard a card you don't have?
Scrap Trawler triggers
Lore: Teferi's second staff and memory crystal?
Is an emphasis on card reading/counting well placed for a learner?
What are the rules regarding mutual support?
Is adding a parallel word that only intersects the end letter of an existing word allowed in Scrabble?
Spades - Suicide variant
Can I copy Ulamog, the Ceaseless Hunger's ability twice with Strionic Resonator and Rings of Brighthearth?
Can I respond to a spell after another spell on the stack has resolved?
Meteor Golem killing planeswalkers
Does kicker make my spell multicolor?
Card interaction: Basilisk and draw then discard.
What does a move entail?
Hadana's Climb / Winged Temple of Orazca - how to apply The Layer System?
Saboteur/survival game with dice mechanics
Return of the Dragon Lords and Torrential Tribute
What happens after a draw
Can a clone of a double-sided planeswalker transform?
Which dual lands count as having the name of their respective basic land types for certain effects?
How many unique outcomes can be made from the 12 river tiles in Carcassonne?
What's the probability to start a game of Vintage Dredge with Bazaar of Baghdad in your opening hand?
Can the doctor still save someone else if killed?
I need some good mechanics for how the player's character can enhance their tool kit
Why does Rhizome Lurcher see itself in the graveyard as it enters the battlefield? (GRN spoilers)
Thaumatic Compass / Spires of Orazca VS creatures with vigilance
Dream Eater leaves battlefield before Surveil
Identify this half matte sleeve for ThunderStone Advance?
Can you play three skips then a reverse?
Can "quick tricks" be a guide to defense in bridge?
Thornwatch - How does paying for Hero Actions work?
Can the hero who goes last push a monster off the end of the momentum track?
Dice with same letter on each side
What could 1NT mean opposite a partner's takeout double?
Smash Up - Treasure Card Question
Did I place the right minions?
Uno: With a last card power card, are you allowed to play it after you draw a card?
Can I use cards like Gilded Lotus and Spectral Searchlight in a colorless EDH deck?
Can I choose the order in which these effects trigger in Yu-Gi-Oh?
How much would Spelltwine add to cards that track how many spells were cast?
How is the cost of landing on a property with x houses determined?
Does Chance for Glory make your creature indestructible indefinitely if you skip the extra turn?
What defines the curse type?
Should the Deck Marker change more frequently?
In response to Meren's end of turn trigger, could I sacrifice a creature?
Looking for rules to "Geomag: Magnetic Challenge" (2005)
Would Heartless Summoning reduce a spells colorless mana cost?
Can you sacrifice a creature after it has dealt damage to a creature?
Mysterious move
Does "-5 on your next combat" include helping someone?
Ticket To Ride time taken to make a move
How can I make realistic looking homebrew cards?
Looking for Card Game With Streaks of Ashes on the Face
How to defeat Alolan Nintales with Guzzlord-GX deck
betrayal at house on the hill crystal ball and used items
How does Underrealm Lich interact with Sidisi when drawing multiple cards?
What happens if you move into a point of interest not on your turn?
What is this check/checkmate rule in Shogi?
Spades - last round, 4th position bidding adjustments
Will Kresh the Bloodbraided survive damage through his ability in a boardwide damage scenario?
How does Underrealm Lich interact with Sylvan Library during your draw step?
Psychic Corrosion and Day's Undoing
How many scry ones equal infinite scry 1 shortcut?
How would Etrata work with double strike?
Why is "slow play" a thing in Magic?
Lifelink attacking a planeswalker
Beetle crawling up more than one level
What can I use as a gateway game for crayon rail games?
When can I activate the special Halicarnassus effect?
When exactly do you get the coin from the map in Civilization?
How do multiple Underrealm Liches interact?
Creating a copy of a creature with "entering the battlefield" abilities
How do you calculate the likelihood of getting at least one combo after drawing so many cards in a deck with more than one combo?
Perfect play compared to normal play in UNO and other games
Identify this two-player game with wheels in a wall
Hammerfist Giant with Lifelink?
How many copies did the board game Risk sell?
Do I get copy of my opponents creature with helm of the host?
Does First Strike cause a creature to deal damage twice?
Why do cards use the "(ability) / Other creatures you control have (ability)" wording?
Attacking with Dimir Spybug and Nightveil Sprite
If a creature takes lethal damage and would also get a +1/+1 counter, does it die?
Surveil and Blood Operative
Codex vs Chapter Approved
When exactly do I get to check the next card when casting a spell from the top of my library with Experimental Frenzy?
Objectives in collectible card games
How will spells resolve MTG
What is the name of this board game?
How does Words of Waste interact with Varina, Lich Queen?
Minds Aglow with X is 100 while Nekusar, the Mindrazer is on the field
Can I summon a lvl. 1-4 monster from my hand on my first turn?
What happens if multiple triggers on the stack would cause both players to drop to 0 life if fully resolved?
Can I play Yu-Gi-Oh! with only level 5 or higher cards?
Babylon B Stage 2 - Purchasing neighbor's resource
Solitaire game where you deal four up, four down
Can I delay the $200 to avoid paying some of my taxes?
How do indestructible creatures actually work?
Is there a timing for regeneration
What Happens if I Manifest a Double-Faced Card?
In "Prophecy", when going onto a space that has a villain on it, are you required to fight it?
Dungeons and Dragons Lords of Waterdeep: Which piece is the Ambassador and which the Lieutenant?
Killing a Fatespinner during my turn - do I still have to skip chosen phases?
How can I determine whether two decks are equally strong?
Can I strike again if I pocket the queen and my opponents black coin?
What happens if a double-faced card that is copying a different double-faced card transforms, without exile?
What happens if a double-faced card that is copying a different double-faced card that is part of a melded creature tries to meld?
Does she have to wait for a response card?
Can I discard more than 1 card at a time if there are no draw cards left?
What happens if Metamorphic Alteration is enchanting a non-Creature?
What the is frequency with which a bridge partnership is dealt hands suitable for bidding 2-over-1?
What does Opener's rebid here mean?
Can a Djinn Illuminatus make me draw my whole deck with Ancestral Visions?
Parcheesi question
Splice and Arcane combo
Does Curse of Opulence give its controller tokens when someone else attacks?
Hypermetabolism in Twilight Imperium
Who choses the targets of the Exotrireme II's ability in Twilight Imperium?
Spades - Strategy for Nil Vs. Nil round
Where can I find templates for card storage boxes?
Karlov attacking together with a lifelink creature
How many cards do you trash when you play a Chapel after having bought a Sewers?
Designing a 8x8 grid game, looking for example rules
Checkers board game stages
Reraising in no limit texas holdem
What if every suit were trump, and partners hated each other?
Most important elements of easy-to-learn hard-to-master?
What makes King’s Court-King’s Court-Goons-Goons-Masquerade so powerful?
Activated ability of Golden Guardian
Pocketing queen and striker
If I play a Priest with sewers, do I get + $2 for trashing the card with sewers?
Memory Plunder/Flashback interaction
Two space approach moves in igo
3/4 creature versus a 3/3 creature, why would the 3/4 creature die?
Can you force your opponent to cast one of your own spells, using only the cards in your library?
Are Saprolings still Tokens after playing Life and Limb?
Planeswalker Infinite Ultimate Combo
Is there a definitive list of Button Men rules?
Killing planeswalker before taking out the player?
Can you tap the same land twice in a turn?
Star of Afrika - Horseshoes confusion
If I block my opponent's Ornery Goblin with my Ornery Goblin, whose Goblin dies?
Butcher of Malakir timing
Can a creature with Hexproof be affected by a spell like Sleep?
Is board game arena Studio friendly to a new programers?
Monopoly and component limits
Who won this match of Go?
Rebound affecting Return to Dust (second main phase)
When I cast a Cascade spell with Jodah, Archmage Eternal, do I cascade for 5 or the spell's original cost?
Eye of the Storm—Simultaneous or Sequential?
Order of players actions in Mansion of Madness 2nd edition
How can I document that I Moated an enchantress?
Activating an ability that affects blocking after Declare Blockers step
Black Market and game setup
YuGiOh Card effect
What do I do if the draw pile is empty?
Does Multani, Yavimaya's Avatar die to Fall of the Thran?
Dummy's role during the play of a hand
How does Pithing Needle work with abilities on the stack?
What does this number represent?
Rummy version with a run of seven as last round
Card (must be enchantment or artifact) that allows multiple of the same legend in play at once?
Does the Scythe of the Wretched + Crypt Rats combo really work, and how?
Netrunner Stalemate
Star Wars Rebellion Resolve Space Combat before Ground Combat
How should I start a second Gloomhaven campaign when the first is deeply underway?
Does creating a token copy count as having cast a spell?
Resource board game with villagers, huts, and breeding
Does copying a spell on the stack count as casting it?
Card game based on dropping 3 of a kind or minimum of a 3 card straight flush
Can I copy a spell that's in my graveyard?
Equipment cards and the timing of their activated ability
Cast spells as if they have flash - does it affect equipping?
Can't cast an instant after my opponent declares attackers in Arena
Whan Happens if I Copy Etrata, the Silencer?
How does the whole EX/GX thing work? (Pokemon TCG)
How can I use chess piece value to balance my homemade TCG?
Playing off previous cribbage runs
Can a Palace Guard block for both a player and a planeswalker?
"A Brief History of the World" - what are the area values over the epochs?
What if Magic gives the second player a Lotus Petal, similar to what Hearthstone does?
What is this two-player card game?
What happens if Merfolk Trickster taps Emmara?
An activated ability of a card that affects that card
Which spells or abilities are affected by things that care about targeting?
Does Underrealm Lich's replacement effect activate Gaea's Blessing's triggered effect?
What happens if multiple events combine into one (e.g. via damage redirection)?
What happens if one Carrom Man and the Striker are pocketed on the first shot?
Do added Lost Cards remain in the Lost deck if playing campaign mode?
Is Tribal a permanent type (for Muldrotha)?
Is this Texas Holdem hand a misdeal?
PDS II space cannons of third-party players
Multiple riders on the same agenda
Can you activate a system where you have no units and not move any units?
Can I Ghost Quarter to fetch basic land, while tapping my Gemstone Mine for mana using its last counter?
Is it possible to download full tournament data including every card in each deck and wins losses?
Identify this peg game?
Can an ability that returns a creature to hand save it from an ability that would exile it?
Should I read the instructions to Betrayal Legacy before the Prologue?
Link Summon Vorticular Drumgon with another Link monster as material?
Does MTG have a card with a mana-generating ability that has a target and is thus not a mana ability?
Can Sakashima change its name to Lazav?
If I have only one creature in play, is it on a flank?
Can I play/use a card that can't fully resolve?
Who controls Oath of Scholars' trigger?
In reference to Ashenmoor Liege
Can I peek at the cards under Bomat Courier whenever I search my library?
Is there a functional difference between "all" and "each"?
Underrealm Lich vs. Dredge
Ochran Assassin vs simultaneous First Strike and Non-First Strike blockers
Do I draw a card in this situation with Oblivion Ring in MTG?
Lord of the Ring LCG: Lindon Navigator
Discarding after picking up discard pile in Canasta
Board game about setting fairy tales right
Honors point count for holding all four aces in one hand?
Do I have to use Link monsters on my Yu-Gi-Oh! Deck?
When there are multiple "enters the battlefield" effects but "lasts until end of turn" is said once, do they all last until end of turn?
Does Skirmish apply to both attacking and defending?
Scattergories Duplicate Answers
Aggro Token and the First Activation Token
Mutual Identification mechanics in a deduction game
Advice on teaching Go to a kid
Does this 7 Wonders analysis make any sense?
Winning Splendor with reserve cards
Do Commanders' abilities work from the command zone?
What is the best way to win a game?
What happens if both players get to 7 points at the same time?
What is the purpose of opening this package in March?
How do I play out a Vassal hitting a Throne Room?
Can I Special Summon Blue-Eyes Chaos Dragon from the graveyard?
Multiplayer card game based on Rock Paper Scissors- what is it called?
When should Beginners finish a Game of Go?
Small Expansions for Eldritch Horror
What happens when a reanimated creature returns from exile?
If I really need a card on my start hand, how many mulligans make sense?
what does frozen and unfrozen discard pile mean? I've been playing for a while and never heard that term?
Axis and allies 1942 edition
When is a re-meld legal in two-handed pinochle?
How do dash costs work with commander tax?
Guiding Ariadne's counter trap effect issue
Is it ever advantageous to pretend to be the "hidden" team if you are on the majority team?
Giving cards away in Catan
Can someone be "one trick" better at bridge against "club level" competition?
What is the best way for one character to check multiple other characters loyalty cards, without knowing who each card belongs to?
Identify the source of this white die
Sending to GY a monster that can't be targeted
What Are Guilds of Ravnica Guild Kits?
Action Tiles Optional?
Multiple Lathliss, Dragon Queen - multiple Dragon tokens?
Where is this six-sided die from
Contract Bridge Better minors
"Selecting" a monster that is "unaffected by card effects"; is it possible?
Can Alolan Muk use Tri Hazard GX attack even if opponent has no benched Pokémon?
Can Bruna, Light of Alabaster take my opponent's auras?
Increasing Savagery: can you change the target?
Underrealm Lich and Divination
Alternatives to Mulligans in Magic: The Gathering
How much 'table talk' is OK - and when?
Among good players, should one base one's play on the assumption that the opponents will play deceptively?
How it is physically possible to play ONUW with 10 players?
Does the legend rule affect 2 creatures with the same general name?
Can I put Lich's Mirror into play with The Ur-Dragon's ability to save me after drawing out with the same ability?
Gloomhaven: Does it count as me landing the killing blow if a monster dies to my retaliate?
Replacing popped cards in play
Order of triggered abilities - will the abilities on the stack resolve after the player who owns the ability loses?
Can "board wipes" kill creatures with protection?
Triominos Bridge Rules
3-of-a-kind bonus in Ruk Shuk
Is there any limitation with Chimeratech Overdragon and Future fusion?
Soul Sculptor and creatures with cast triggers
Can I play a straight with phoenix on top of a 1-A straight?
Which features are scored first in Carcassonne?
What is the expected duration of a game of War?
Does Sultai Ascendancy interact with cards that care about surveil?
Does the legacy version do anything to devalue taking Australia early in the game?
A complicated interaction with Sakashima's Student
Winning avalanche with all pebbles on avalanche mode?
Clarification of rulings on Carrionette
Will "enter the battlefield" triggers happen if I gain control of an opponent's creature?
Exploding kittens. How many turns can an attack card "really" skip?
Which crystals can a Geologist collect?
If I cast a spell with X in its mana cost "without paying its mana cost" what is the value of X?
In a chain, if a card will be banished : can I still activate its effects?
Appetite for the Unnatural and Clone Legion vs. hexproof creatures
In Multiplayer, if I attack all other players for lethal, who loses first?
Instant and sorcery lifelink multiplied by targets or just casting?
Putting opponent’s cards in your hand in canasta
Can you add the same hit as someone else?
Tapping a creature with summoning sickness in an equivalent play situation
How many stones for small go boards?
How can I modify Green Tron to better combat Aggro Spirits?
The effect of wither
Can Pawn Sacrifice deal 6 damage to a single creature?
Does "one non-Logos card" on Phase Shift limit me, or just enable me?
Icy Manipulator vs Jayemdae Tome?
Carcassone - placing barn figure in field
Rummikub - Using a Joker with Two Tiles from My Rack and One from the Board
Can a single card use Dredge multiple times?
Catan setup order different than playing order
Black card ability - all players exile a creature - does it work on the one with protection from black
Barbu - should the declarer pass after every hand?
If an effect destroys multiple creatures, in what order are they destroyed?
If Bad Penny is destroyed by Yxilo Bolter's Fight/Reap effect, where does it go?
Psychic Battle and Rayne, Academy Chancellor
Can I discard a ticket if it can't be completed?
In Splendor can we have more than 3 joker (gold) tokens in our hand without spending them?
In The Others, can you teleport a monster out of an area with a hero in it?
Can opponent trash a copper on my Governor if there is no one value card in play?
Does Herald of Secret Streams work with +1/+0 or +0/+1 counters?
If I buy more than one property when playing monopoly must my cards be where all players must see them?
How does doubling of life work when you are at negative life?
Does First Strike apply when two creatures Fight each other?
What happens if I target Zada, Hedron Grinder with a spell and then donate it to an opponent?
How to get the eight?
Can I use the Farsight enclave eight separately?
Using 4th Edition Talisman Expansions with 2nd Edition Talisman
Discard White Stone of Ancients to activate effect
Phase 10 - Do I have to lay down as soon as I have the cards?
King of Tokyo Complete Destruction card question
What is the "level" in World Series of Poker?
Would March of the Machines make artifacts trigger creature enter the battlefield effects?
Do you need to be in the same region to attack Collossus?
How fun is The Mind with two players?
Aura Mutation vs. indestructible enchantments
What's the definition of a quality?
Can I search for Etched Champion with Enlightened Tutor?
In canasta, What is the top card of the discard pile?
Can you purchase a hotel when you have 4 houses on a colour set?
Game of Thrones Catan: Can Othell move a road segment from an “interrupted” road chain?
Using a joker when you can't make any other moves
Is there a penalty for forgetting to draw?
What happens if your opponents never let you win the bid?
Free Cell dichotomy
Legality in Standard of Standard-legal cards from previous printings
Word premium applies to 2 words?
Adjacency of non-corner connecting spaces in Escape from Innsmouth
Pokemon TCG: is there a way to remove energy from your own pokemon?
Are multiple Cloak of Confusions redundant?
What exactly is "each combat"?
Grand Tour USA (Helvetiq): How can you travel to Hawaii and Alaska?
Using a card from the discard pile instead of picking up from the face down pile
Selling properties while owing another player
Can Charon move the opponent whatever the height?
Basic set draw stacks
Activate Aura of Dominion's ability on a creature Island
In The London Board Game, can you put a block on the main red stations?
Only card in hand is a skip card
Yu-gi-oh the big Question about Exodia
Declare Dominance
Do you add the destination ticket points even if it was another player who claimed the route?
MTG: Indestructible creature with both damage and -1/-1 counters
Can you reveal your hand when you fold in poker?
What happens if you hit a rolling modifier when you have advantage?
Gloomhaven - are monster abilities in effect prior to their turn
Does Phoebe, Head of S.N.E.A.K.'s ability used by a copy make the copy retain the rules text beyond end of turn?
Eclipse class question
Replacing modifier cards where the new card has a prerequisite for it to be played
Miniature wise what is the size comparison between a centurion and a crisis battlesuit?
Card advantage: scry v. surveil
ticket to ride new york - do I have to pick destination cards?
In Kill Team, can a Genestealer Cult team have a genestealer?
How does the Locket and Meenlock interact?
Copying Etrata, the Silencer, but not its name
Blocking One Attacker with Multiple Creatures
Initial meld and additional pair of same rank
Yu-Gi-Oh Magic/Trap cards that are based on how many tributes I had that turn
3 - 7's with an ace
Add to an existing word
When is it too late to make a person pay the penalty in Dos for not calling Dos?
What happens if you manifest a Zoetic Cavern?
Does Blood Sun keep me from turning my Zoetic Cavern face up?
Must you have an uncompleted destination card in Ticket to Ride?
Secret Hitler: is asking another player to choose which card to discard "cheating?"
What are "triggered effects" in Unstable Unicorns?
Do you have to have the destination card in hand to claim the destination?
Can I play a card to move out of a player's property and avoid paying rent?
Go - How does one count territory in these scenarios?
Goblin Razerunners counter and end step
Do instant and sorcery cards reach the graveyard before their effects go on the stack?
Why people have to play every card and do the longest combo before closing?
Stealing a Soul Seizer
Can the same player bid for Relics twice?
Some UNO rules questions
Any games like Werewolf for two persons?
Going Out with Stock Exhausted
Mother of Dragons, Walder Frey, and Vassals
Can anyone identify this labrynth/marble maze?
Can a player tap lands for mana, in response to Elder Deep-Fiend tapping those lands at the beginning of the turn?
How do blackjack simulations work?
What game with symbols and dice is this?
What happens when two Ochran Assassins are attacking?
Destroying opponent's creatures with hexproof
Can monsters use the mystic slide
Please identify this game - 4x4 diagonal squares, 4 red and 4 blue pieces - nice wooden board
Removing persist from a creature -- will it still trigger?
Can I snap a coloured blank card in uno?
Storing Wooden Board Game Components
Does snapping reset the plusses (e.g +4) in uno?
Are omens dropped as items
Can monsters steal items and omens
Shall monsters reveal their traits
What card game is this? 4 cards per player faced down
Does Neutron Shark cause me to discard, even after destroying itself?
Playing cards without a check in Pathfinder
How does Homeward Path work with cards that enchant to steal?
Canasta Going Out with Stock Exhausted and Only One Card in Hand and Discard Pile
Can I find a recorded game of nine mens morris?
Tri-Gate effect
Checkers: Is there a strategy to win with 2 pieces (one king) vs 3 pieces (one or two kings)?
Application of DOS Penalty vs. Definition of Victory
Did I ever have two cards?
Definitions of verbalisations in card games, specifically UNO and DOS
Intent required for a vocalisation to be valid?
"May" implies choice...?
What happens, when you immediately draw Exodia as Player 2?
Can I see the card I draw before deciding to activate Dawn of Hope a second time?
Activating a robber in Catan clarification
How many times can I activate this Lotleth Troll and Basking Rootwalla combo?
Can I cast spells right before the end of my opponent's second main phase?
How does a duel work in the game BANG?
How does the bloodstone work?
Rules of MTG Dive Down and spells priority
Does Humility stop all creatures from being able to morph?
Is Festering March cast repeatedly via the suspend ability?
Can I activate Dawn of Hope's ability twice while only paying its mana cost once?
How does Phasing work with aura enchantments?
How would Solemnity and Dark Depths interact?
Use of the joker from your hand
What happens when you procession an encampment without having a gold/plunder in your hand?
What happens when a creature gains the Riot keyword ability twice?
How do Solemnity and Delaying Shield interact?
What is this game with 9 sticks with black and white beads?
When does Sarkhan's Unsealing check power?
What happens when you Magical Hack a Quicksilver Fountain?
Can you choose the same option twice for Incendiary Command?
How does the stack work for the item "Device"?
Euchre partner leads with trump - why?
When does a player's turn end in the Now That's What I Call Music board game?
Computer engines that play Mancala
Scenario 20 - when is the end of my turn?
When buying and playing a Villa in Dominion do you in a sense get 3 buys for that turn?
Taking Discard Pile with One Natural Card in Hand
Metamorphic Alteration: Copying a creature that dies
How many of a legendary card should I be including in my deck?
Is circle a "completed" road in Kids of Carcassonne?
In Risk, what if territory cards earned by invading finish?
Activated a trap when I wasn't able to do so; how is this handled?
Magic the Gathering - What to do with permanents that only work "until end of turn"?
Last turn in Ticket to Ride: clarification
Does Blowfly Infestation create a loop with Hapatra, Vizier of Poisons?
How does copying a creature with +1/+1 counters on it work?
Limits on using new words in scrabble
A state with no more possible moves
Infinite Chain of Smog
Why is there a "no man's land", ie 1NT 15-17 and a jump to 2NT of 20-21?
Can you give an example why the active player wants to have priority in Beginning of Combat first?
Bonus points using card combinations in Tute
What board game is this die from?
Player forgot to play a card
Does Humility prevent Manifested creatures from being turned face-up?
Diplomacy - Movement question
Seafarers of Catan fog scenario question
Lazav, Dimir mastermind, copying Growth-Chamber Guardian, and wearing spy kit
Flexibility in Opening two in third seat with 8 points and seven card suit?
double royal marriage and a roundhouse
In 7 Wonders Duel what happens if I don't have enough coins to discard?
To whom do I return stolen cards?
What happens to spells on the stack when a player leaves the game?
Eater of Days, Hushwing Gryff, and the stack
which software to use to make the rules's game?
Can you play your numbers in Backgammon in a way to block one of them?
Can you place a draw 2 (+2) on top of a draw 4 (+4) in regular Uno?
Use Mana twice for the same spell by untapping?
Can anyone identify board game with 2 rows 2 holes wide each and 2 upright metal pins?
Isareth the Awakener and championing
Question about the MTG stack
What happens if I blink a transformed double-faced planeswalker?
How do cards that generate restricted mana work with Kruphix and Omnath?
Burial mask drop at critical level
Are there other legal/recognized Roulette variations than just the standard European and American?
What kind of power grid plant deck would be nice for newer players?
Can I use an instant speed Act of Treason effect to take a Seedborn Muse and use its ability?
What happens when a 5/5 blocks a 6/4?
How does "casting without paying mana cost" work with additional costs?
Utility Chance Card
What is the fastest possible game in Splendor?
Mirrorwing Dragon with Vigor Mortis
Arixmethes and Riot
Does Hour of Reckoning destroy enchantments?
A go at 15 with a run
Is more than one deck of cards ever used in Phase 10?
Cribbage muggins on the final hand
What cards can I cast from exile with Dream Pillager?
Identifying a word-guessing game based on the players' role
Bridge Scoring: Teams of 8
Chess. What is it called when a pawn takes a pawn by being passed
Hexproof in response?
How can we have a permanent without a controller?
Can I pay a "when this attacks, you may pay energy" cost multiple times?
Helm of the Host on Rakdos the Showstoper
Can I use two different cards with the same name in Commander?
I can't find this game or remember the name
How do you count runs in cribbage during play
Odds question from mindblowing Pinochle hand
Will a like Fiery Cannonade kill Wayfaring Temple if Temple had more toughness than the damage before casting?
Clarification about Azurite Channeler in Ascension: Deliverance
What game? Matching dice with two each of d4, d6, d8, and d10
MTG Arena - casting during opponent's upkeep
Ogre Enforcer and Pyrohemia
Do cards that say "all creatures" affect creatures with hexproof?
Would hypnotizing your opponent be against the Yu-Gi-Oh! tournament rules?
Why/how was Ajani's Pridemate ability made mandatory?
Removing a Commander permanently
Does this combo for my Rakdos EDH deck work?
Can I ask for Wastes like basic lands in Limited?
Perplexing Chimera and control changing enchantments
Should I avoid pairing my opponents first lay in cribbage (singles)?
How does Phasing work with Phyrexian Unlife?
Does adding a deck change the odds?
"Hostile alien actions" when no one is in their room
R&D's Secret Lair + Ashnod's Coupon
How to build a budget-friendly manabase for a 5-color deck?
When does Myr Superion check the source?
Churchill Solitaire scoring
Void Winnower against Sunforger
What happens when I reanimate a creature with protection from black with Animate Dead?
Examples of Magic Cards that use rule 115.2c
Can I make a planeswalker harder to attack by making it a creature with flying?
Can you finish a job without starting it?
Sundial of the Infinite and end of turn effects
Help identify a ~1984-1986, D&D-ish, chit/card + dice, battle game
When is a creature a Target?
Red eyes darkness metal dragon ruling
Bloodlord of Vaasgoth plus Warstorm Surge, then casting a vampire creature spell
Can I move a wildcard after melding if I get 3 natural cards in canasta?
Do horcrux effects come into play before or after abilities?
If I play a card and playing that card stuns me, do I get to use the effect of the card still?
Update to partial fizzle
How does commander damage interact with cards that prevent you from losing the game?
One Night Ultimate Werewolf: If your card is moved, whose team are you on?
What happens in the case of multiple land animation effects?
FreeCell: How many cards can be moved at once?
If I can't win, but can stop my opponent from winning, is the game drawn?
Methods to protect Salamangreat Sanctuary?
What happens in the event of a standoff in Magic?
How should I ship cards?
Monopoly Development Card - before of after the dice?
Texas holdem with an overall time limit
Blocking creatures with menace and an equipment giving 'can only be blocked by one creature'
Does Rooftop Storm work with Arcane adaptation?
What is the correct way to shuffle?
How should damage counters be put on a Pokémon?
Can I mill an opponent who has Emrakul, the Aeons Torn by comboing until opponent's deck is stacked in an exact way?
How does Humility interact with graft creatures?
If I draw my Critical Miss card, can I apply its effect so as to mitigate it?
Under which controller does a stolen permanent come into play after being exiled?
Energy Chamber and Armageddon Clock
How does Orcish Captain work with multiple activations?
If I can see the top card of the deck, does shuffling the deck change the game state?
How does first strike work with multiple blockers?
Overwhelming splendor ability
Spades rules on trumping in after spades are broken
What happens if both players misunderstand the game state until it's too late?
Rules about Stevie
Which game do these dice belong to?
Does an enchantment ability that gives -1/-1 to opponent creatures resolve before other abilities can be used on a 1/1 entering the battlefield
Words of Worship and Nefarious Lich
Is it possible to have the same planeswalker from different editions in a Commander deck?
Do we still track damage on indestructible creatures?
Can I get a go and last card when opponent is out of cards in cribbage?
Can damage be dealt to permanents that are not creatures or planeswalkers?
Do cards not on the battlefield have their "conditional abilities"?
Can a player sacrifice a creature after declaring that creature as blocker while taking lethal damage?
What game did these black and yellow dice come from?
Can I play multiple Idols one at a time and receive the effects each time?
Can I redirect a spell that targets an "opponent" back to the caster?
Why is Agricola named as such?
What is the difference between add damage counters and attack damage
What happens when a creature with flying blocks my non-flying attacker?
How do you resolve "nearest" when it is tied in Betrayal at House on the Hill?
Absorbing damage with Planeswalker
Game about rescuing books from churches
Are blue/red cards blue and red, for preventing damage by protection circles?
Bridge convention after opponent opens 1NT -- specific question about D.O.N.T
Planeswalkers and Summoning Sickness
If I simultaneously kill my opponent and deck myself at the same time, is the game drawn?
Can a creature with hexproof be targeted by spells that target all creatures?
Phase 10 discard pile
Can making a creature unable to attack, after it has been assigned as an attacker, remove it from combat?
Apparent contradiction in the Saboteur 2 rules: does it actually matter which team finds the treasure if both can reach it?
Phase 10 - Can you hit on the same turn as playing a phase?
Battlestar Galactica (base game) Sympathizer explanation?
Incomplete canasta and going out
What is the source of redirected damage?
Gloomhaven: road events and scenario reset
Can multiple 40k psykers cast the same spell in the same phase?
Help Your Neighbor
How to mitigate "bandwagon attacking" from players?
Exploding kittens - playing cards between attacks
Is cheating allowed in Munchkin?
Does Master of Cruelties survive being blocked by a creature with 4 or more power?
Creature spells vs. ability to convert a permanent into a creature
Can I make a word going through another word?
Can Rhys be played in a mono-green EDH deck?
Can we buy multiple houses in one turn
Canasta pick up from discard pile
Is it possible to play league games with the base Ninja-all-stars game?
Frozen discard pile
Monster effect and special summoning
Revealing an effect of a card after player makes their choice
Does it cost more to counter Sphinx of New Prahv?
Which discard pile for instant items played on another player's lane?
How does Sundering Titan handle snow lands?
Does a countered Mimeoplasm still exile creatures?
Summoning Buster Blader from graveyard
Can I deal indefinite amounts of damage to an indestructible creature?
Destiny hero dark angels effect
Can troops and equipment abilities be used on another player's lane?
Can you sell your properties for cheap to another player in Monopoly?
What are the four Dutch exclusive cards in Munchkin Koethulhu?
Which commanders benefit from being in the Command Zone other than Oloro?
The spell temper (old card) effect in combat damage resolution
What is the maximum number of dice you can roll in Arkham Horror 2nd Edition?
Buster Blader the DDS did not affect Destiny Hero - Decider effect; why so?
Can I summon Blue Eyes Chaos MAX from my deck?
Monopoly Deal - property wild card queries
What's the timing on Warrior en-Kor's damage redirection?
What is a good basic/non-basic lands ratio for Back to Basics in Commander?
What happens to spells cast from Nightveil Specter's ability?
Do players reveal their sort order for Forecast?
How to make a small slam in bridge with less than 30 points between the partnership?
Can I kill an opponent in response to lethal activated abilities, and not take the damage?
What is wrong with Escaped Shapeshifter's original wording?
What is this 4x4 board with black and white sided, numbered pegs?
What happens with multiple copies of Humility and Glorious Anthem on the battlefield?
Are equip cards destroyed when you attack the equipped monster twice
Season's champion
Official timing breakdown and update to accommodate Anger?
Blinds & Antes confusion
Can I respond to my infinite loop by casting a creature spell?
Vintage Monopoly Game: What Year is it?
How to make a small slam in bridge with only 25 high card points between the partnership?
Creature kill and resurrect effects on the stack interaction?
buster blader the dragon destroyer swoardsman effect not working
How do you use the boss monster spell respawn
Mahjong - declaring
Can other pieces capture a threatening piece and prevent a checkmate?
Can you block with a creature and then sacrifice it?
Who chooses what order to apply damage prevention and redirection effects in a fight?
Is the ability of Sphinx of New Prahv cumulative?
Can creatures abilities target that creature itself?
Progenitor Mimic copying a creature with counters
Do I have to take mana from my deck or hand when tapping a dual land?
Cloning a face-down creature
Look at card under Masterplan?
What happens if a creature's ETB would bounce Thalia, Heretic Cathar?
If the only attacker is removed from combat, is a creature still counted as having attacked this turn?
Can player meeples enter the exact same grid space?
Sideboard for Modern U/G infect against Gideon
what if you an your opponent die at the same times
Game ideas that you cannot get better at (non electronic)
What is the difference between lands and mana?
How to interpret the reward after defeating an monster
Can HP-granting armor be moved between wounded troops during deployment phase?
Is it allowed to activate the ability of multiple planeswalkers in a single turn?
Can I sacrifice creatures before moving Teysa Karlov to the graveyard due to the Legend rule?
Can a creature target itself with an effect that sacrifices itself?
Mille Bornes Fast Play Rules Clarification
Angel of Condemnation - Exile creature with second ability
Catan cities and knights 2 player variation
What happens when multiple "when this creature dies" triggers happen at the same time?
How to determine starting player in Betrayal Legacy chapter 12?
What is this pattern/tile board game?
Is it okay / does it make sense for another player to join a running game of Munchkin?
How to throw cowrie shells
How do multiple land creature affects work?
When to choose Terrans and how to make the most from them
Why is the card Earthcraft banned in legacy?
How easy is it to start Magic from scratch?
What happens if you roll doubles 3 times then land on "Go to jail?"
Can Strionic Resonator target Ink-Treader Nephilim's ability?
How does a renege that is discovered later in a bridge game affect the scoring?
When to choose Lantids and how to make the most from them
Can I equip Skullclamp on a creature I am sacrificing?
Twilight Imperium’s ‘Spend resources’ Objectives
When rolling a third doubles, do you interact with the space you would land on?
Question about Hydra Nest in Twilight of the Gods
Identify this game - 4X board game between 2000 and 2010
Planeswalker Ability and Death Timing
Can you place any three cards in Monopoly Deal, eg 3 properties at a time or 3 action cards?
Is it possible to wait for some cards to leave the stack to use them for delve?
Phase 10 Going Out - Do you keep picking up?
Legendary Card Game Kingpin card Pull the Strings
Cluedo with bonus cards. Does move anywhere card let you interact with the place you entered?
Are Hand-Based Stat Monsters prone to abuse?
In Bridge what happens if a player has more points than their bidding suggests
Is bidding nil while holding the Queen of spade reasonable?
Does the tea card in sushi go apply to other tea cards if it's the largest set, including itself?
Cluedo optimal suggestion asking
Do dead Adventurer's count?
Monster movement and reduced rolls
Do [spoilers] leave a corpse when they die?
Do you get treasure if you don't kill the Dungeon! Monster?
Using an omen card, can you kill yourself?
Can you use one card on multiple obstacles?
Classic Fluxx: how to deal with creepers when executing „Everybody gets one“
Can the Wildlings attack twice in a turn?
How does Zap work in "Chameleon the game"?
Monopoly cheaters edition
Mannekin Pis A copying Stonehenge B
How many possible starting moves are there in Abalone?
Unbreakable Formation vs. Cry of the Carnarium
Would Bonds of Mortality overrule a creature equipped with Darksteel Plate?
How do damage increases and redirects interact?
Is it possible to achieve a negative score?
Identify boardgame from Big movie
Can a werewolf kill himself?
With regards to an effect that triggers when a creature attacks, how does it entering the battlefield tapped and attacking apply?
Can I select which ability to use on my second card after using the first card?
Can a Villager vote himself?
If I can cast sorceries at instant speed, can I use sorcery-speed activated abilities at instant speed?
Does Chimeric Mass stay a creature in the grave for the rest of the turn it dies?
Vorinclex, does my opponents land untap if they were tapped before i summoned him?
Card Tragic Slip
If my opponent casts Ultimate Price on my Phantasmal Bear, can I save it by casting Snap or Curfew?
Duplicate Bridge
Is Root really asymmetrical and balanced?
On-attack triggers and removal for attacking or tapped creatures
Why is it important that the digits be all different?
Oath of Teferi targeting Oath of Teferi?
The Phantom Knights of Cloven Helm; can it activate more than once?
If I gain control of my opponent's Hostage Taker, can I cast card it exiled?
Looking to identify an unusual type of solitaire
Controller change mechanics
Who controls negative creature enchantments?
Can I use the Angel's Feather to roll higher than the dice would allow?
Gloomhaven - movement dance to gain momentum
If I activate the effect of Hand Destruction but I send Kidmodo Dragon to the graveyard, can I activate Kidmodo Dragon's effect?
Where does the shark send the divers?
what does "you control enchanted creature" mean
Is there a card that has opponents discard cards whenever they lose life?
In Uno H2O, what is the difference between these two cards?
Why this challenge in Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force wasn't completed?
RAW v. RAI concerning enumerated card names
Whose shadow is in the background of Mox Amber?
Enrage and damage calculation mid phase
What is the penalty and procedure at Duplicate Bridge when a player revokes twice
Does Sylvok Lifestaff work with Bronze Bombshell?
Would "destroying" Wurmcoil Engine prevent its tokens from being created?
Value of short side suits in Spades
Why are Bridge's bid meanings public?
Why is there a Dummy in Bridge?
Arboreal Grazer
Which player is responsible for completing a pawn promotion in tournament-level chess?
If I put down a draw 4 card and call uno out, can another player place a draw 4 ontop?
How does Circu, Dimir Lobotomist interact with defeated players in a Free for All?
Do I have to say how I'm ordering my cards after Scrying?
How "Malice Ascendant" works?
Karn, the Great Creator - what defines a 'card from outside the game' in sealed?
Can an Instant spell be played during upkeep to interrupt a triggered ability?
Do reserved cards get returned when gold token is spent?
How many cards can I gain in a buy phase with a single buy?
Can I choose the value for X for spells cast with Bolas's Citadel?
''and draw a new card?'' Who should draw the new card? The person playing this card or the opponent he chooses?
How exactly does life link work on a weaker creature?
If I flash in Teferi, Time Raveler, can its passive ability counter a spell on the stack?
What combination of kingdom cards makes for the fewest number of turns to end the game?
Solution Wheels, Escape Game Wheels
Is Vivien of the Wilds + Wilderness Reclamation a competitive combo?
Does Prince Arnaud cause someone holding the Princess to lose?
In Euchre, Can a person of the opposing team go alone if trump was ordered up by the other team?
Monopoly deal rent
Implementing Hidden Opposing Player Votes/Bids with Variable Values
Does a face down creature get the bonus from Muraganda Petroglyphs?
Platinum Emperion and Smash to Smithereens
What are artifact creatures in Magic lore?
Feather, the Redeemed and Dire Fleet Daredevil
Euchre Card Game
Sample Wares Intrigue Card Disambiguation
Expansion//Explosion and Siren Stormtamer
Is it possible to cast 2x Final Payment while sacrificing just one creature?
Jaya, Venerated Firemage + Chandra's Pyrohelix = 4 damage among two targets?
Bloom Hulk and Kronch Wrangler
What does MLD stand for?
Winning strategy for NxN Tic-Tac-Toe
In Magic: The Gathering, how does Ugin, the Ineffable's static ability interact with colorless spells that have X in their cost?
Progressive euchre tourney question
Monopoly Deal Just Say No
Do Bolas's Citadel and Experimental Frenzy take reduced mana cost into account?
Can I have more than four non-basic lands with the same name in my deck?
Should the information on match slips be protected?
Do all players interact with the Mansions of Madness app, or does one player act as GM?
Is it possible to keep [spoiler] after Chapter 8?
Understanding: Why is Spark Double triggering enter the battlefield abilities of the copied creature?
Identify Tree-Themed Trick Taking Game
Sower of Discord, Gideon's Sacrifice and Stuffy Doll
Spy Kit and Leyline of Singularity
Is there an online version of Bang!?
Can commander tax be proliferated?
What happens if one of the targets of Role Reversal is enchanted by a spell that changes its controller?
Can you tap land for mana without using it, specifically I am playing with Omnath, Locust of mana
Pokémon attacks which deal no damage
Are effects from attacks mandatory or optional?
Pokemon cards with the same name and different features
When do you flip a coin for conditions
in Spades, playing King over Queen
Would a 1/1 token with persist dying trigger on death effects a second time?
When does a player choose the creature benefiting from Amass?
Does Spy Kit have any use outside of a Conspiracy Draft?
When does Dreadhorde Arcanist check it's power when resolving the trigger in this situation?
Does a card have a keyword if it has the same effect as said keyword?
Why doesn't WotC use established keywords on all new cards?
Can I use a fetch land to shuffle my deck while the opponent has Ashiok, Dream Render in play?
Multiplayer with Phyrexian Swarmlord
How to get the best value out of gold and gems in MTG Arena?
Can "loss of life" abilities be triggered by combat and/or direct damage?
Change in "can't be countered" wording
How to tell which old cards can deal damage to planeswalkers
Is it Possible to Sacrifice a Sacrificed Creature?
Dropping the first three blocks on the top
Is it OK to mix Colony Wars and Frontiers for a 2 player game?
Are "ties" considering "successful" checks in Firefly Adventures?
Will a God Eternal enchanted with Deep Freeze shuffle back into the deck if it dies?
Can you take a mortgage on a property if the other properties of the same color have a house?
Does drawing multiple cards count individually?
Do Inhabitiants Stick Around?
scoring straight (or run) in Cribbage
Captive Audience vs. Teferi's Time Twist
Can I activate Multani, Yavimaya's Avatar's ability in response to itself?
If I no longer control a permanent when it would be sacrificed, is it still sacrificed?
UNO Draw4 question
In Game of Thrones, is it possible to moving back units after winning a combat following March Order?
Why were the rules for Proliferate changed?
Colorless commander using lands that chose based upon identity?
Is there a budget version of Collected Company for this Modern elf deck?
How would an instant or sorcery with an effect that targets work with Feather?
What dice to use in a game that revolves around triangles?
If Emrakul, the Aeons Torn somehow loses all abilities, and then dies, does it shuffle back into the deck?
How do premium squares work across multiple turns and words in Scrabble?
In Carrom, What happens if the Opponent coin and striker are pocketed at the same time?
Thawing Glaciers return to hand interaction
Ugin's Conjurant vs. un-preventable damage
Name of 60's Milton Bradley racing car game?
What happens in carrom if the striker and our coin are pocketed at the same time?
Is Simic Ascendancy triggered by Awakening of Vitu-Ghazi?
Can proliferate be used on life counters?
When a land becomes a creature, is it untapped?
Power Grid : Start of game
What happens if a creature that would fight isn't on the battlefield anymore?
Removal of cloudform
Does a buff remain in combat when the buffing creature dies to first strike damage?
Spark Double copying my planeswalker - do I have to sacrifice?
Why is Modern Affinity called "Affinity"?
What game does this black die belong to?
Will casting a card from the graveyard with Flashback add a quest counter on Pyromancer Ascension?
Lifelink interaction with triggered abilities on creature's death
Footlight Fiend vs. Rising Populace Trigger order
Cribbage run scoring
What is this weird d12 for?
God-Pharaoh's Statue and Finale Of Promise
Can I bring a visual flow chart for complex magic cards to events?
Death Mask Duplicant Imprint of Platinum Angel
How do Nexus of Fate decks win?
Do you move forwards or backwards on the King's Cross Chance card?
Why are there five extra turns in tournament Magic?
In Bridge, when should third-hand defender overtake partner's honour?
When the match time is called, does the current turn end immediately?
Which D&D die looks like this asteroid imaged by NASA?
What is the value by percentage of Lindel's reroll special ability?
Are there budget replacements for Ugin and Karn removal abilities?
Kasmina's Transmutation vs. Gideon Blackblade
How many Polyraptors?
How many wounds does each Ripper Swarms model have in 40K 8e?
The building of two districts should be considered as two separate action or as one comprehensive action?
What is the best set of properties to own in Monopoly
Do 'destroy' effects count as damage?
What type of Pokémon coins are these?
Unpreventable damage to Gideon, the Oathsworn
Identify Chinese board game
Are there any side effects if am supposed to draw a card but have no cards to draw?
Can attacking players use activated abilities after blockers have been declared?
How does Dreadhorde Arcanist interact with split cards?
Are there any restrictions on which houses can be combined in a deck in Keyforge?
In One Night Werewolf: Monster, does the master play?
When a Phantom Knight's Trap is Special Summoned back as a monster, and then is sent to the GY, is it still treated as a monster?
In UNO, is it legal to throw a Draw 4 card that you just picked up on purpose?
Does Awakening of Vitu-Ghazi trigger the ability of Kiora, Behemoth Beckoner?
What is the correct grade of Magic cards?
Can Gullveig of the Nordic Ascendant be used as material for the summon of another Gullveig?
When playing Edgar Markov, what is the definition of a "Vampire spell"?
Is each card equally likely to be a Maverick?
How to randomly choose a hex tile
Can Trap Hole be activated in response to Denko Sekka's summon?
Can effects (like Majesty's Fiend) prevent Exodia from winning?
Printable Card list for Magic the Gathering sets
After my Nil bid was set, should I try to take or duck?
Help identify "blockart" game
Why are all changelings Shapeshifter creature type?
Ticket to ride, 1910: What are the big cities
Players turn was skipped, go back and allow that person to play out of order or continue on?
Redirecting counterspells to Redirect itself
In Cosmic Encounter, where do my ships go when I pull them from the warp if I already have 4 ships on each of my planets?
Can Ring of Ma'rûf call in cards outside of MtG?
Can Aminatou, the Fateshifter target herself with her -1 ability?
Are there any Magic cards capable of generating loops alone?
Monster equipped with 2 Safe Zone then 1 of them is destroyed
Premptive bid with too much strength in Bridge
MTG: Arena. Is there any way to use packs other than open them?
What does a damage number of "<1" mean in Warhammer 40k?
Why would someone want to use Pot of Desires, other than to draw 2 cards?
Card Chess with Playing Cards?
Will it break the alliance, if I take over a worker-occupied area?
Does having Smallholder and Acreage when Sowing yield extra grain?
Are there any cards in Yu-Gi-Oh that let me interact with face-down banished cards?
Pendulum monsters question
What are the rules to this "CheeseGame"?
What happens when the attacking player dies to damage triggers after killing the blocking creatures in the first combat step of double strike?
How many times can you cast a card exiled by Release to the Wind?
How can I defend against Pokémon Cinccino “Fluffy Tail”
Ral, Storm Conduit and 2x Expansion // Explosion
Can I use the Caestus with a shield on?
Does setting a new type clear the rules text for non-lands?
Catan - Discarding fish to draw more from the supply
Cyber dragon infinity
Would Pot of Extravagance be too unfair if you use a deck that doesn't use an Extra Deck?
Cappelletti Overcalled
Origami's dog card
What game do these dice go to?
In Faro how do players indicate/remember their call of the last three cards ("Calling the Turn")
Paying more mana for a Flashed creature
How do Wounds, Damage, Saving Throws and Invulnerable Saves interact with each other?
When would it be advantageous not apply Training Ground's cost reduction?
Munchkin Warhammer 40k - Running Away - Automatic Escape vs Automatic Failure
Trying to figure out which version of solitaire this is
How to view cards in the stack below the top card in MTG Arena?
Is it a bad idea to to run 24 tap and shock lands in standard
Radiate and shelter
Gorgon Recluse and Cunning Evasion
Rules when using a Joker
Trostani Discordant vs. In Bolas's Clutches
Will Roalesk, Apex Hybrid, trigger Sharktocrab twice?
Do any Cluedo versions have different numbers of variables?
In the Deck Building Game Legendary, aside from randomizer-how do you balance the game?
How does Ixalan's Binding work against God Eternals?
Can I play basic attacks of an evolved Pokemon?
Looking to identify Solitaire game
What is the interaction between Muraganda Petroglyphs and Humility?
In Pandemic, why take the extra step of eradicating a disease after you've cured it?
What exactly "triggers an additional time" in the interaction between Afterlife and Teysa Karlov?
Is a reasonable level of knowledge of American Football advantageous when playing Blood Bowl?
Can't remember name of board game
Yu-Gi-Oh!: Metaion the timelord vs Evilswarm Obliviwisp
Cuba Libre: Is Cash Laundered by another player earmarked for a particular LimOp?
As the first player, can I choose whether to perform a Special Activity after completing my Operation?
What does BREAD stand for while drafting?
Yu-Gi-Oh!: If monarch Caius or Raiza is flipped face up its effect activate?
What game uses dice with compass point arrows, forbidden signs, explosions, arrows and targeting reticles?
Can I summon Interplanetarypurplythorny Dragon in response to The Monarchs Stormforth?
Can Dive Down protect a creature against Pacifism?
What happens when one target of Paradoxical Outcome becomes illegal?
Infect vs first strike
What is the difference between state-based effects and effects on the stack?
Pocketing queen when not allowed
What game is this meeple from?
What are the mechanical differences between Adapt and Monstrosity?
Are there any good white and/or blue token generators?
Does 'counter a spell' mean 'put a creature into its owner's graveyard'?
Teferi's Time Twist and Gideon's Sacrifice
Karn, the Great Creator - Does "from outside the game" have to be Standard if we're playing casual?
In Pinochle, what is the probability of a thousand aces and a double run in one hand?
How does Frenetic Sliver interact with the Unearth from Dregscape Sliver?
Can you use one creature for both convoke and delve for Hogaak?
Pawn Promotion Limit?
What happens when Progenitor Mimic copies a legendary creature?
If I buff an infect card, is the new damage infect as well?
Will generated tokens be progressively stronger when using Cathar's Crusade and Sorin, Grim Nemesis?
Is Famished Paladin and Resplendent Mentor a legal infinite life combo?
Dictate of Erebos and Attrition
What does it mean to "control target player"?
Interaction between Leyline of Anticipation and Teferi, Time Raveler
Can I give a creature trample after blockers have been assigned?
Mustangs and Messerschmitts Rules
Euchre Call for partner
Death and revival of land-creatures
What happens when I sacrifice a creature when my Teysa Karlov is on the battlefield?
Omen Machine and Cards with 'X' in their casting cost
What happens if a player enchanted by cruel reality has Tamiyo, Collector of Tales on the board?
Can a phase requiring two colored sets be completed with the same color?
Can you add a fifth number to a rummikub set of four?
Can you get infinite turns with this 2 card combo?
Ticket to ride: What is the math behind the point values of city pairs?
Sage's Reverie + Imprisoned in the Moon
Quacks of Quedlingburg Crow Skull Set 2 Keep Drawing
Super Polymerization how does it work
How many adjacent intersections per harbor are available for trading in Catan?
If an Old One takes damage while attacking my farm, do I get credit for it?
Teferi, Time Raveler Interaction
What are the dragon die sides in Vast the Crystal Caverns?
What are the rules for playing Four way Chess
Safe Zone vs Magic Cylinder
What is the strategy called which forces opponents to discard cards?
Sacrifice blocking creature before damage is dealt no longer working (MtG Arena)?
How to score the Southampton to New York route in Ticket to Ride UK?
Felidar Guardian exiling Soul Seizer
Omnispell Adept and Alternative/Additional costs of Sorceries/Instants
Do Dragon Spirits like Kokusho trigger Lathliss's ability?
Does a player have to say uno twice on the same last card?
Walking Ballista and how it works
Why is exile often an intermediate step?
Chandra exiles a card, I play it, it gets exiled again
When can I take additional actions in Grand Austria Hotel?
How does the two room penalty work in Grand Austria Hotel?
Just say no vs dealbreaker
What's a good item card to get water energy out of a deck in pokemon?
Has Marty Bergen's hand evaluation system been validated experimentally?
What happens when a Reward that is a character card loses its hitpoints?
How balanced are the character powers in Colt Express?
What happens when I copy a creature whose characteristics change before the copy resolves?
Can a joker be played on its own?
Exchange keepers
Abilities with the "until" clause and the stack
What's the point of Xaxos' power in Aeon's end?
If a creature is blocking and it has vigilance does it still tap?
Instants vs planeswalker abilities
Can I use a Murder to kill a planeswalker if it is a creature?
UNO do I need to call it again?
I need help to find card 094 in Fallout: The Board Game
When must you resolve spells cast with Diluvian Primordial?
Does Evolution Sage proliferate Blast Zone when played?
Who dies if Defenderer has the 2nd most votes?
Evolutionary Leap Stack Ordering
Question about targeting a Hexproof creature
What is the best play in two player Downfall?
A question about Morophon, the Boundless
Do Goblin tokens count as Goblins?
Scoring when two triple word squares are covered in one play
Is casting a commander from the command zone considered casting a spell?
Do experience counters remain when the card creating them leaves the battlefield?
Armadillo Cloak contains a triggered event that in combat resolution resolves?
How many points for all four safeties?
Intentionally Fizzling Mandatory ETB Effect
Can one block with a protection from color creature?
Citadels Bell Tower and end game conditions
Is it ok to show my cards when I know I I’m the only one with spades left
Can a deck with a mono-colored commander have cards with other colors than its commander in it?
Mtg creature spells, instants, priority?
How does Kaya's Ghostform interact with Elenda, the Dusk Rose?
Are there red cards that offer protection against mass token destruction?
Quoridor rules when faced the opponent
Is there efficient token generation in Black or White?
What are similar black and/or white permanents to Divine Visitation?
Can my opponent chain an on-summon trigger effect to my on-summon trigger effect?
Aura vs enchantment
Rialto starting player and initial order on Doge track
Can the active player receive free cards in Bohnanza?
magic: the gathering enchantment problem
The opposing member inadvertently plays two card that are stuck together and it is discovered later
Which tracks on Formula D / Formule Dé has the greatest straight line?
A question about Mana Abilities and Activated abilities, then a question about a combo
Rummikub Joker After Replacement
Which monster does the summon focus on? Long way around, avoiding traps, or get stuck behind a player?
Can I play a first turn Simic Growth Chamber to have 3 mana available in the second turn?
When will a summon/monster step on a trap?
Bridge, when does dummy hand get laid down?
Can you identify this "memory" card game with 3 secret cards, lowest score wins
If cards exiled by Karn, Scion of Urza enter the graveyard/battlefield, do they still have the silver counter?
Auction when player has not enough money to buy?
How does Cascade work with Teferi?
stack with static abilities and when does a card go to the graveyard
What happens to excess combat damage?
Difōmā Raiton and going to zero Life Points
Teferi's Time Twist on creature with +1/+1 counter
Chandra, Awakened Inferno vs Gods Willing
How to craft multiple symbols cards as the Vagabond?
Does having protection from Grapeshot work against the storm copies?
In Gin-Rummy, what are the chances to start with a Gin?
In Unstable Unicorns, does the Pandamonium card cancel unicorn card effects?
"Once per turn.." including opponent's turn?
What is the appropriate response to a jump rebid by responder under Standard American?
Does relieving the "volatility" of supply rolls make Afrika Korps better for the Germans?
Nope card following a chain of Attack Cards
MTG: Ixidron vs Morph
Can I survive every enchantment, creature, and artifact in the game entering the battlefield at the same time?
D.D. Esper Star Sparrow vs Compulsory Evacuation Device
Which, and how many, dual lands?
What does this oval symbol at the bottom of Magic cards mean?
Unique Assets with same name in my possession
How to design a Ticket to Ride fan expansion?
One card in hand
Necroskitter and creatures dying because of placing -1/-1 counters
Reef route movement rules
Mass Spell Recursion & Storm
Three player all-in with a tie
What is the recommended range for the number of players in Liar Dice?
If a flip summon (via attack) is negated, can I change attack target?
How does Emissary of Grudges work exactly?
Can I prevent my opponent from looking at cards with Vizier of the Menagerie while I'm Mindslaving them?
Mystic mine vs Denko Sekka
I have an Ivy Lane Denizen, how does targeting work?
Contaminated Ground vs. Blink of an Eye
How to solve Free Cell games fast? (in under 2 min)
Shortening Harry Potter the Battle for Hogwarts while keeping the difficulty
Axis and Allies 1942 second edition and attacking subs
What happens to a permanent I gained control over using Agent of Treachery, and I leave a multiplayer game?
Which dice game has a board with 9x9 squares that has different colors on the diagonals and midway on some edges?
Monopoly Stock Exchange add-on: How does the add-on change the probability of landing on the properties?
what is the maximum number of achievements a player can have in an 2-player innovation game?
trigger priority and response to said triggers mtg
If I resurrect a previously enchanted creature, does it get its old auras back?
When you take a trick, you *take* a trick
Could I play forever with this loop combination?
What happens when I summon "Gameciel the Sea Turtle Kaiju" to my opponent's field by tributing their "Prank-Kids Battle Butler"?
What happens when two cards both modify what I'm allowed to do?
Sorry 7 split rule
I've got too many cards in my MTG deck. Which cards should I remove and how can I make a better deck?
in Spades, what to lead from {Ace,King,...}
Why doesn't Djinn of Wishes let me play a land on my opponent's turn?
What are on each of the faces of the dice in the US version of Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters?
Which creatures count as green creatures?
Hapatra, Vizier of Poisons and "enters the battlefield" triggers
Can I return a card from the graveyard that is active?
When a card modifies how many copies of that card a deck can have, does that affect the sideboard?
Firefly Fluxx Upgraded Creepers
Two-handed cribbage
How is a gold rune different from a silver rune?
Timing/Stack question about abilities triggered during combat
Moving +1/+1's via Combine Guildmage
Solitaire all cards dealt face up in 13 columns, then 12, then 11, 10, 9
Why should a player reveal his victory points if someone else wins?
Adding an additional same phase? Nothing in the rules?
Golden Guardian removed before death related trigger
Identify this standard-deck solitaire with a 7x7 tableau
MTG - Unsettled Mariner: When is the targeting checked?
Can I activate my "once per turn" effect twice if the activation is negated?
May I use "Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring" to negate the effects of cards that send from deck to grave, but not in the specific scenario?
What is the reason for cards stating "Until end of turn, you don't lose this mana as steps and phases end"?
Narset, Parter of Veils interaction with Aria of Flame
In Keyforge, does an attacked, exhausted creature deal damage to the attacking creature?
In Keyforge, what happens to the Æmber on a creature that is archived?
In Keyforge, does *Bingle Bangbang* deal the 5 damage when it attacks as well as when it's being attacked?
What is the highest achievable score in Catan
Narset, Parter of Veils interaction with Matter Reshaper
Transports onload/offloading adjacent to enemy controlled sea zone
Is there a rule change in more recent versions of Bohnanza?
Does Teferi, Time Raveler prevent casting spells for their madness cost?
in Spades, when to bid such that the sum of bids equal 14?
Does Hanabi allow empty clues?
What is the result of a combat between creatures of 3/1 and 2/2?
How can I collect information on all the MTG decks that have ever been played in standard/type 2?
Food Truck Champion: Does the Owner card count to the 6 card hand limit?
What is the name of this two player card game for betting?
I’m in a diplomatic fix!
Buying resources from your neighbor
Can I make Vitu-Ghazi Indestructible with Nissa's Emblem?
Uno-flip - What color do you play when a person flips?
In MTG Arena, does your "rank" affect what cards you can draft?
Why do player start with fighting for the corners in go?
In MTG, was there ever a five-color deck that worked well?
Ral Zareks first Ability: Magic The Gathering
Should our 1D opening be alerted?
Boggle - Letter distribution and face orientation of each die
Diplomacy: double attack on a region
Can I use Secret Invasion to transfer a trap card in front of me to another player?
What is a good way to find information on previous ban lists?
Should the barrel being discarded when hit - Bang
Where can I find strategy discussion about Dots?
Help identify this game with four divided concentric circles
Responding to Plague Engineer
Can equipment be activated twice?
Scenario #98 Question
Is there a tier list of all precon Commander deck?
Mansion of Madness scenario game time
Monster attacking directly considered as "battled"?
Majesty's Fiend vs Michion the Timelord
Casting Goblin Matron with Plague Engineer on the battlefield
Does anyone remember this game from the seventies?
What happen if I gain the control of aura that enchants an opponent's creature? Would the aura stay attached?
Caius the Mega Monarch if targets 2 cards inflicts damage twice?
God cards are allowed?
Does a cultist's on death effect trigger during it's own turn?
In reversi, can you overwrite two chips in one move?
Halving Points in Yu-Gi-Oh!
Can another instant be used to buff an attacking creature, after another instant was cast that would kill the creature?
Can the factory card 'move' action cause combat?
Distributing the player mats
What game uses dice with sides powers of 2?
Monopoly strategy if every unowned property goes to auction immediately?
Is a fifth card in a suit often a decisive factor in three no trump contracts?
Lethal damage while controlling Sower of Discord?
Strategy tips to beat Prince of Gluttons in Aeon's End
When does Tiana, Ship's Caretaker check card type?
Does Nightpack Ambusher's second ability trigger if I cast spells during the end step?
Axis & Allies Revised - Strategic Bombing broken?
How do multiple death triggers work with a board wipe?
Would Mirko Vosk, Mind Drinker trigger Waste Not?
Why do so many people play out of turn on the last lead?
Is it possible to bluff in board games like chess generally?
If tests are voluntary, why does one lose a life point automatically?
Who is the controller of a Pacifism enchanting my creature?
I noticed after the last lead someone reneged but it actually helped me so I just let it go
What happens if Saheeli, Sublime Artificer's target is removed?
To a classification of card games
Meaning of and/or in Magic The Gathering
Why did Simic become the preferred Nexus colors in M20?
Which rule(s) govern the difference between {T} activated abilities and activated abilities that require tapping?
How does the ability of Bloodthirsty Aerialist resolve with other life link creatures?
Axis and Allies 1940, why are the axis always losing
Does an action which gives you +2 Advance Civilization require they be used together?
Interaction between Leonin Warleader and Divine Visitation
When and which board game was the first to be ever invented?
How do I tune my magic arena (MTGA) deck for 3 lands in my opening hand, under the new mulligan rule and selection algorithm?
Is it possible to pick a vehicle as your commander?
Why did deathtouch not work against a double strike or first strike creature?
Time Stories Asylum: Missing card 59
In Harry Potter Hogwarts Battle, can we use the Transfiguration proficiency when the Basilisk is out
Interaction between Ethereal Absolution versus Edgar Markov with Captivating Vampire
Where does Æmber captured from own side go after creature leaves play?
Skip card - Phase 10
Is refusing to concede in the face of an unstoppable Nexus combo punishable?
What happens when I copy a legendary creature with Rite of Replication?
Scenario: Can monster be targeted?
How to interrupt a loop with multiple players?
How do I allocate variable damage to multi-wound models?
In Spades, what is the meaning of a high/low sum of bids?
Deck Size Problems in Deckbuilding
Does a face-down creature with morph retain its damage when it is turned face up?
Was it ever possible to target a zone?
Galepowder Mage and Wormfang Manta interaction
Does a discarded then cast card with madness count as discarded?
Unknown Dice Game
What is this card game's name?
Magic the Gathering - if a madness card gets discarded and you dont want to use madness does it still get exiled
What are these pieces from?
Massacre Girl when several creatures die at once
Lavinia, Azorius Renegade ruling
Indestructibility or not
How can I reorder triggered abilities in Arena?
Moving pawn on the arrow below the safety zone
Which boardgames have betting similar to poker?
End of turn special powers
Do you pay one or two mana to bounce a transformed Delver of Secrets with Repeal?
Multiple delayed triggers from Massacre Girl interaction
What was the point of "Substance"?
site to solve tsumego online?
Name of a board game with a world map and an airplane traveling to different cities
Can I use predict on a basic land card?
Is declining to win to burn time on the clock punishable?
How to make this game?
Does the Tribal card type have inherent mechanical implications?
When and Why did the Catan number distribution change
Mairsil, the Pretender Out of Battlefield abilities
Anje Falkenrath and Madness order
Does Mirrorwing Dragon's ability trigger when redirects are involved?
Another Scenario: Can monster be targeted?
Can I mix same races but different factions in one army 40k
Does Dovescape counter Enchantment Creatures?
What Army should I collect?
In bridge, are there penalties for "table talk" that can only help the opponents?
I would like to know if in Euchre you can call No ace no face no trump?
Rule clarification about debt mechanics
What does Divine Intervention do when it resolves in a multiplayer game?
Understanding "Events"
What are these cards worth?
Question about Warrior mechanics
Can I look at my deck before playing the Zombie Mason
Cloning Skullbriar
Am I required to correct my opponent's assumptions about my morph creatures?
Does equipping an equipment go on the stack?
Rabid Bite mechanics
