My Blocks with return parameter
Will they ever make LEGO The Amazing Spider-man 2 sets?
Pneumatic set pistons getting sticky
How can I tell if minifigures are custom-made or LEGO Originals?
What's a good age to start getting into Mindstorms with my child?
Mindstorms, black orphaned data wires
Scan objects while moving?
Why do official LEGO PDF instruction books have such poor quality?
Can anyone explain the transformation information within a Lego Digital Designer LXF file?
NXT or EV3 gyro sensor
What element is this a piece of, and how can I repair it?
Authentic or Not?
LEGO Mindstorms NXT projects
How to restore minifig faces
What elements do I need to create a smooth multi cheese slope ramp?
How to install NXT Firmware 1.28?
In LEGO mindstorms NXT programming: is it possible to download a file from a robot onto the computer?
What can I do with this steering wheel?
What is this weird and specific technical part?
What is this cylinder like part?
How to unplug black friction pin connectors
Is there a microphone that works with Mindstorms EV3?
Export Lego Mindstorms Code
Duplo Activity table to Lego System Table
can't send multiple commands to EV3 using Python
Pick A Brick delivery times
What exactly is this Lego train motor?
Where can I purchase replacement stickers for a current set?
Minifigures creator?
Dimensions of Mindstorms NXT pieces
Tips on shipping large sets (super star destroyer, 2001 Discovery ship)
Difference between LEGO Castle and LEGO Kingdoms
What is the difference between these hole shapes?
Where to order custom mini-figs in Europe
Is there a way to buy LEGO houses without minifigs?
IDE recommendations for EV3 programming
What's the most effective way to clean dusty builds?
How do they keep the outdoor models so clean at the various Legoland parks?
Can I build UCS Death Star by buying bricks separately?
Help with identifying LEGO sets
Any way to make this setup "tighter"?
Pass sensor or motor port number as a parameter
Connecting a webcam to NXT and streaming a video
Design of record-breaking builds
Can't get EV3 to work with touch sensors
What's the best way to machine LEGO pieces on a mill?
EV3 parallel MyBlocks, but only one working
Good EV3 iBook for programming or building
How to restore old, scratched plates
Legal free NXT-G download
Chinese Knockoffs?
Is it safe to remove PC (polycarbonate) arms from minfigures?
Help separating a 6L stick with stop ring & 1x1 cone
What lego set is this? Possibly a pirate ship?
What's the purpose of the clutch gear in Power Functions set?
Ideas to slow down RC PF train motor (Item: 88002)
MOC planning and design
What does BURP or BURPS stand for?
Code for PID for EV3-g
CAD model of the LEGO monorails
Where will the World First Lego League be held in 2015?
Any substitute / schematic for Mindstorms 2.0 IR tower?
Is there an XML format for Lego?
Unknown brick/piece information (curved, decorated slope)
Where can I find LDraw examples?
Is there a program to tell me if a specific parts list is available in a given colour?
How can i use my iPhone to scan a barcode and send it to my EV3 brick?
21104 NASA Mars Curiosity Rover?
What's the best way to glue/adhese the street baseplates to a plywood table?
Lego 7670 has two different box designs?
Where can I download the software for old RCX-era Mindstorms sets?
How can I remove permanent marker from a LEGO brick?
What is the easiest way to sell Lego sets for a good price?
Why are Lego products so expensive in Europe?
Cheap Lego sets for Kindergarten classroom?
Identify minifigure torso - yellow with blue "N" on front
Help to identify a unique minifig head
What is this model number please?
Are NXT Light sensors compatible with EV3?
Preparations for outside display
I need information on LEGO part #3001 in Milky White with Sparkles
Does anyone have a picture of the Lego Club alphabet code from Bricks and Pieces magazine?
Where can I buy engraved LEGO bricks?
EV3 bluetooth controller for mac
How to build an automatic Lego train system?
What set does this minifigure head come from?
Is there a time mechanism that can be added to an NXT program?
How to make NXT bricks communicate information?
How much does the NXT brick weigh?
I bought a second hand pack of pieces and it looks like it may be a specific set
How can I use 1 motor for grabbing/lifting and another for moving?
Decals for LEGO Pharaoh's Quest Flying Mummy
LEGO mindstorm - which product to use to make projects mentioned below
Direct command lego ev3
Can anyone identify this spinner with 1-5 and a skull?
Is the LEGO Mindstorms EV3 brick waterproof?
Is it possible to connect EV3 and NXT bricks like master/slave configuration via bluetooth?
What part can I use to get the connection
Lego Motor for cycling a tool
Need help to identify minifigure
Why are some of the supports on bottom of a lego piece hollow, and other are solid?
How do I get the Mindstorm EV3 software to recognize an NXT brick via Bluetooth?
Substitutions for vintage hinges
How can I tell if my NXT motor is faulty?
Vision Command and Exploration Mars software for Mindstorms RIS 2.0
Convert 3rd party NXT programming language code to NXT-G program?
Resources to learn useful common Mindstorms mechanical construction patterns
Teleoperated arm trouble
Why I get this "message unable to compile some documents for deployment ev3"?
How can I use the EV3 educational firmware instead of the retail version?
Faulty NXT Motor
Brick-built alternative to "Door 2 x 5 x 5 Swivel, Bracket Base"
Train track switching using servo motor
Is it possible to use a LEGO NXT ultrasonic sensor for a LEGO train crossing?
Help identify this 70s or 80s lego space set
Help identify mystery piece and set it could go to
9v and Power Functions Hybrid?
where can I find simple Lego ideas
NXT shuts down USB on Mac after connecting motors
Mindstorms crashes when connecting to EV3 with Bluetooth
Strain Gauge on LEGO Bridge
How make robot turning going straight?
What are the largest LEGO® Power train sets available commercially [Oct 2014]
Can I pitch an idea to LEGO?
Is the LEGO Midstorms EV3 software compatible with OS X yosemite?
What are the curve radii for the curved slope pieces?
Removable glue for LEGO models
Any way to create a gear+chain, like for a bike?
Lego EV3 doesn't respond to direct command
What adhesive can bond LEGO bricks to metal?
What are these bricks with filled interior and holes/tubes going through?
Is it possible to edit a my block input parameter value?
Gearing down a PF XL
NXT brick not executing programs correctly
How many ways can six 8-peg lego blocks of six different colors be combined?
What kind of design is comparable to these programming concepts?
Identifying Lego kits from unopened bags for library
LEGO TECHNIC CyberMaster Software
Lego EV3 - sending direct commands over RFCOMM Channel (Objective-C, Xcode)
Unlimited engine option does not work
Is it possible to create your own wheel?
Can anyone identify these Bionicle sets?
How do I make my logo/mascot into a custom LEGO model?
Can I build a faster LEGO train motor?
How to close color Sensor properly?
How can I prevent my train from derailing?
How can I tell which LEGO minifigure I found?
EV3 RMIregulatedMotor Regulation Problems
Are coloured bricks used by Set Designers recycled to make black bricks?
Index of the City sets by category
Looking for a Basic Lego set with mostly large bricks
Please help me identifying these spaceship parts - big sloping ring
Help identifying a black round piece with three rings
Lego EV3 - Get output device type, opOUTPUT_GET_TYPE
Trying to get a modified traffic signal challenge worked out
How to program light sensor to follow moving light using NXT
Trouble with Commander app: Using buttons to control motors
Direct control of EV3
Which is faster: M motor or XL motor?
How can I wire up the LEGO 2838?
Programming sensor to follow light
Can additional MyBlock icons be added to the EV3 palette of icons available in the MyBlock builder?
After adding a MyBlock icon to the EV3 palette of MyBlock icons, how can the new icon be associated to an existing MyBlock?
LEGO Technic part Numbers
Part identification
Dimensions for EV3pieces
Why is there no set with much RC Straight tracks?
Is there a LEGO clamping tool?
LEGO STUDIOS Moviemaker Set
Is there a 2x12 size Lego Brick?
Looking for information on a Lego manual I had as a kid
What was the slot for in the 1950's slotted bricks?
Can anyone identify this strangely shaped piece (1970s?)
Has Lego discontinued presenting alternate configurations on the backs of modern boxes?
Mega Bloks vs LEGO bases
How can I attach a Technic Linear Actuator to a EV3 Medium Motor?
Reading current motor speed, opOutput_Read
Parts/Step not fitting ( technic / gear not aligning)
Where can I get LEGO bricks to build a life size wall?
What are the dimensions of LEGO 10221 Super Star Destroyer?
Are there LEGO compatible CAD Files For Injection Mold Manufacturing?
What pieces are used to create this Djembe MOC?
What is LEGO Junior?
Is there a LEGO Tyre Shop set?
LEGO or DUPLO ringing doorbell
How to connect chain links to the axle
can someone identify this lego character for me?
The program downloaded from the education ev3 programming software has a error "VM program validation"
City scale connection for five-bladed helicopter rotors
Cracked LEGO torso
Execute program programmatically
Can I Conect 2 NXTs so that they work together?
Starting a wholesale LEGO business
If I design a lego set
How can I find LEGO bargains on eBay?
Linking two blocks
Protecting a minifig from wear
Issues connecting the EV3 on Windows 8.1 64bit
Is it safe to use a hot glue gun for Mega Bloks?
I cannot seem to figure out which figure this policeman is. Help please?
Lego remote controlled cargo train not working
70728/2 Ninjago piece too short?
Which parts can I use to connect a cross axle to a car body?
What set is this minifigure from?
How to fit lego power function LED lights onto cargo train (set: 60052)
How to control a 88004 Servo Motor with a Raspberry Pi?
Creating ski gondolas/tramway with Duplos
Representing pregnancy on LEGO minifigs without a dome
Which train motor is more powerful, 9V or 12V?
What is this notched or angled 1x2?
Light on color sensor is blue
Giant LEGOs--that aren't QUATROs?
Chamber of Secrets set 4730 assembly issues
Two-state clicker button
EV3 T Rex problems
Opera house 10234 book 2 instruction 20 left hand side and then 22 has got me stumped. Can't figure out how these pieces fit. Please help
Mindstorms EV3 PC application won't load
Question about a Lego Compatible brand
How is this brick attached to the pregnant minifig?
Which block manufacturer made this type of person in the 80s
Not detecting motor port D
Programming Mindstorms on a chromebook
Is it possible to run more than two remote control trains on one track?
Buying minifigure parts at the Lego Store
Building a 45 degree brace
I have an idea for a new kind of LEGO, using new types of elements
How can a Mindstorms robot lift something very heavy?
EV3 FLL Question " outside the box "
Use of Mindsensors IMU with Labview
Where to find this green transparent brick?
How can a brick/color combination exist but not be part of a set?
What kind of "Lego" figures are these?
Lego RCX 1.0 problem with communication
Quality issues with tan-colored Lego pieces?
Variable stick lengths and angles at nodes of building bricks
Some LEGO elements not attaching as usual
Microsoft Robotics Developer Studio & RCX Support?
Is there a free EV3 simulator (virtual machine) for the Mac OS?
Programming EV3 with NXC
Daisy chaining EV3 with RobotC
What's an effective strategy for purchasing large numbers of different bricks?
What are the tiny, single-peg, statuette figures from the SHIELD Helicarrier called?
6216m2 motor found... what to do?
I need a block that can combine a movement program with NXTbee radio
Any elements that can be connected to the cavity under a stud?
9398 problem with the front wheels
8258 Headlight assemblies
Help Identifying a LEGO Set from bag 7
How to turn the NXT at an angle with NXC
Difference between "Pick a brick" and "Bricks and pieces"
How to Return a Motor to a specific value
Connect 39k3 powerpack to 417j3 motor
Programming the LEGO Mindstorms T-Rex
Where can I find LDraw files to download for basic figures?
Can I download ldraw instructions from Lego Digital Designer?
1998 World Cup limited edition soccer figure
What's the most effective way to align 1x1 tiles?
Can I use EV3 with a TETRIX motor?
Connection between two NXT bricks
Is there a way to set a flat plane at an angle to horizontal of less than 22.5 degrees, but more than 0?
What are the biggest one piece wheel?
Alternative flowers
Programming The Lego Mindstorms T-Rex from EV3 Laboratory
What is the best system for lifting things without pistons?
Quick way to inventory parts
Are BanBao bricks compatible with Lego?
What is the quickest way to weed out compatible bricks from loose LEGO?
PC To NXT Brick via Bluetooth
Mindstorm EV3 no longer recognises SD card
Where did "LL 928" and "LL 929" come from?
Is it possible to make inverted slopes with solid studs
Old sets, new bricks
Lego Escher structures
Is there a guide that has the number and kinds of pieces per set?
EV3 controlled by 8879 speed control through IR sensor
Is it possible to use Bluetooth to connect two EV3 bricks using RobotC?
How to fix a broken LEGO Star Wars Corellian Defender set
Buy an specific set of bricks
How to upload an XML file to wishlist in bricklink
Can a EV3 program run simultaneously with the Running Robot commander app?
Way to build LEGO spaceship with regular bricks
Is this a real Duplo Train Base or fake?
What logos appear on Duplo brick studs?
Where are the electric pieces for 42029?
What does "No Friction" mean in Parts "Gear with 8 Teeth Wide, Notched and No Friction"
Issues with set 10234 book 3 pg 43
How can I use bluetooth on my phone to run a program on the EV3 brick?
How can I rotate an EV3 motor an exact number of degrees using RobotC?
What does 191767 mean in "Paper, Cardboard for Set 4336 #1, Scala Cat (191767)"
Why doesn't lego make many 2x2x4 Pieces?
How to find out which set contains a higher plate percentage?
Bluetooth communication between computer and nxt using RobotC
Bluetooth Conection PC-NXT1-NXT2
The most amount of pieces [ever] per set
What electrical contact material is used for PF Connectors?
Remove decals from LEGO Friends mini-dolls
EV3 motor TACHO signal connection. Hardware schematic questions
How to switch an NXT sensor port by a motor port?
What's the circle piece in this MOC?
Can I share/download a wishlist on Bricklink?
Programming NXT color sensor with NXC?
Identifying Lego set from 1980's
Raw RGB data to Color?
LEGO RCX hardware schematic
What Lego set does this belong to?
RCX + java + usb-to-serial
Why are there only four elemental artefacts?
Trains overview image
Tufts MAZE LabView Program Will Not Run on EV3
Have Multiple Inputs to Programming Block
NXT Motors curving to the right
How large is the face of a 2x2 45º brick?
How would I make a decal for a 2x2 dome brick or a 2x2 round slope brick?
Custom EV3 Block: "Unable to compile..." ("string subsection")
How to import an unofficial parts archive into LDraw?
Need help identifying extra large Lego figure from 2003
How to get good color readings from the color sensor?
What is this Lego piece - Yellow with handles and an octagonal section?
Block Platform parameter is not instantiated in Simulink
Can I identify the colour of objects 5mm in diamater with an EV3 Colour sensor?
Do you use the plastic buckets for purposes other than organizing your bricks?
Is there a list of giveaway sets from Toys R Us or other events?
What is NXT-G number format?
Could I do datalogging in Mindstorms EV3 Home edition?
Does knolling help or is it just part of the fun?
How much does an average LEGO brick cost to produce?
Which wheels are suitable for Power Functions M-Motor
Access WeDo on OS X from a real programming language
Software to help inventory set
How do you eliminate the gap between castle doors?
Is my Lego Star Wars "Jabba's Sail Barge" set a one of a kind?
Absolute Turning Motor in NXC
What RGB-values do I get from the colorsensor
How to Download my orders from Bricklink
Brick labels to be printed
What is the best way to create an authentic weatherboard wall?
Where is this turban headpiece from?
LEGO Technic Interface A
Identify brick with internal battery, light and sound
Chima Speedorz game -- how to play?
Where does the EV3 software store its crash reports?
How to enter wifi-password on ev3dev?
I just purchased a used LEGO Studios set and had some extra pieces that don't belong
How do I make use of the full SD-card after installing ev3dev
Official Lego charity programs
What brick is this? 1x2 with holes in the short sides
Mindstorms Software Versions
LEGO Brick Color Palette
What is the purpose of this plate with door rail?
Where does this green plane fuselage piece come from?
Inverting motor's rotation
How many flexible tracks does it take to make a complete oval?
The Mindstorms EV3 Software crashes on OS X Yosemite 10.10.3. What do I do?
Mindstorms Vision Command - what shall I do with it?
Control two Lego NXTs with an Arduino
Where did these small tan bricks come from?
Using the NBR 1036 Barometer with the EV3
Slow down the mindstorms EV3 motor so target position is not overshot
Will playing with a 12V train motor by hand damage it?
How did the LEGO 7862 Remote Controlled Decoupling and Signal work?
Are 10682 "Creative Suitcase" and 10695 "Creative Building Box" compatible?
Is there a site where I can put in a set of individual lego bricks (by part ID) and get an optimized list of stores to buy (to minimize shipping)
Can anyone help id this partial build/set?
How to run two LEGO electric trains at the same time?
usage of ev3 ultrasonic sensor in lejos behavior based programming
Creating electronic product which is compatible with Lego brick
Is there a modern equivalent for windscreen piece 6152?
How do I move assembled LEGO sets?
What is this minifig?
Advanced set for 5.5 years old
How to build a limited slip differential?
Strongest LEGO structuce - (1) Pillars
Strongest LEGO structure - (2) Floor
Best way to match minifigs and tell what set they are from?
How can I remove fast glue (Cyanoacrylate) from LEGO bricks?
Basic bricks in Ninjago Spinners sets
LEGO Mindstorms NXT - NXC compiler for OS X
Does the value of LEGO increase over a period of time?
How much torque can a lego axle handle?
How can I extract part id or design id from a photo?
Large trap door - alternative to door with frame 4595708
How to read the EV3 display
Would LEGO use recycled plastic?
Where can I learn how to program an NXT using C#?
EV3 turning in circles
Is there a standard distribution of minifigs when you purchase an entire case?
What is the difference between these two Technic half bushings?
What are the differences between NiMH and Alkaline batteries for the EV3?
What is this 2x4 brick with a clear bottom, a small hole at each end and a 6 brick high pole?
LEGO Set 10188 Help on Step 160
A custom LEGO velociraptor
My building is developing gaps and spaces
What tool can get the Technic pin out from a connection closed in the other end?
Is it possible to use DUPLO bricks in LDD?
LEGO Mindstorms not downloading to brick properly
What will LEGO do when all the crude oil on earth is used?
Groove dimension of 4216 or 88393?
EV3 IR, ultrasonic senosor datasheets
EV3 brick freeze during run big program
Is it possible to change the language in the EV3 Education software?
How can the new LEGO pneumatics be used for trains?
What can I use to glue LEGO bricks to Metal?
What will happen if I submerge LEGO in water?
Can the rcx work without the infrared tower
Which program do I use to program my rcx 1.0 or 1.5
Can I safely dissassemble a 74569 motor (the old, fast 9v one)
How to make LEGO unbreakable
How to design ackermann steering with lego wheel bearing front?
Renting LEGO Service in UK
Is it possible to use the Dexter WiFi Sensor with Robot C?
How do I control one EV3 using another through bluetooth and LabVIEW?
Can you use a beveled gear as a pinion?
Is LEGO Junior compatible with regular LEGO?
What is wrong with a Lego pneumatics system that won't go?
How important is a center differential on a 4WD model?
What are those 6 extra studs for in 42000 Grand Prix racer?
Where can I get a large number of LEGO bricks cheap?
What is the "Module" of a LEGO gear?
Which set includes a large white mask
What year did the minicon "micro BrickCon" first appear at "BrickCon"?
How can I build a LEGO structure based on a real building?
Can i change the way the ir remote works?
Is there a good way to buy molded LEGO boxes?
Where can I find 'Dolphin', the 3D model to LEGO software?
Which combination has a lower gear friction?
Brick Compendium: BIONECULAR LEGO
Lego 3804, Mindstorms Robotics Invention System 2.0 on Windows 10
How exactly does the pull-back motor (12787) work?
EV3 - At what time DIRECT_REPLY is sent by brick?
EV3 Error and VM Program Instruction Break
Color Sensor/hi-tech and EV3
Any issues with this non-standard gear combination of 12t gears?
What's the first block in MoveAbsolute for programming the T-Rex, in The LEGO MINDSTORMS EV3 Laboratory book?
need help identifying which set these 3 bags are from
What is this snapping brick for / which set is it from?
Education EV3 Software Site Licence - installation on teachers computers?
What are good DUPLO projects for around 2 year olds?
Value/Where to sell my old Lego collection
Making an ATM with an EV3
What Technic vehicle is this in black and red?
Purchase a list of LEGO parts
At what voltage do the c1 and c2 lines run at when controlling a lego servo motor?
Transfer BrickOwl wishlists to BrickLink
Batman Arkham Knight Batmobile Instructions
When was the RCX 2.0 released?
Vintage heads still in production?
Use for "Technic Coupling, Tight" and "Technic Coupling 3,5-6 Ncm"
pc program to receive data from EV3 via usb/bluetooth
How to measure green/blue reflected light on EV3?
EV3 SPIK3R Mission 5 Just keeps backing up
What is the easiest option to start making instructions?
How much do you think these Lego's are worth?
What prevents a 12V motor, when pushed by hand, from providing DC electric out?
How can I power my LEGO pneumatic engine?
I need an NXT motor adapter
Why can't I combine a EV3 Motor with a Technic frame in LDD?
Information on this large beige motor w/battery box?
Neutralize brick scent
Selling custom LEGO image mosaics using original LEGO bricks without breaking LEGO's Fair-Use Policy
Trying to ID a piece.
What parts are include with this light blue bike?
How can I fix my chewed up LEGO head?
EV3 with NiMH batteries
I have a series 14 Sasquatch (Square Foot) missing facial paint, is it normal?
How good are used lego bricks on bricklink?
Large blue windscreen with shuttle decal
No response when controlling the Mindstorms EV3 brick over Bluetooth
Gibberish Sound Effect
What are the differences between the two available pizza elements?
LEGO minifig authenticity
Mindstorms EV3 3D building instructions no longer working in Chrome
Need help identifying this star wars set
What is the best way to get in contact with a Lego expert?
Overview of Engineering Principles incorporated in Technic LEGO sets
What about these old houses?
Need help identifying this set
RCX 2.0 Firmware downloaded successfully but "Run" does nothing
I need help Identifing this set by the picture
identifier expected?
fgetc() moves pointer one step forward
"file error!" appears on nxt why?
Identify age of parts from yard sale
Unable to turn on the EV3
What are the steps in installing the EV3 block developer Kit?
Does soaking Lego pieces in isopropyl alcohol discolor or otherwise damage them?
Is there a way to buy a customized minifig?
Can you ID this part?
What is the best way to store LEGO rubber tires?
Hanging template for Large Minifig Case
How do I make a remote control car without LEGO motors?
Bulk LEGO as presents
Custom Power Functions plug design
What Can I Build With This
Is there a LEGO podcast?
Difference between gyro sensor and compass sensor
Does the Mindstorms EV3 software run on OS X El Capitan?
How do you display EV3-G images properly on an NXT screen?
Questions about the company
What ball-joint cup piece or configuration of pieces is shown in this render?
Lego Micropolis tutorials?
How to help a yellowed brick with a sticker?
EV3 Programme won't load to brick
EV3 ide flickering
What is the quality of lego replicas on Aliexpress?
Differences between EV3 Gyro and Hitechnic Gyro
Where can I find the instructions for the crane on the back page of Lego Juniors: Construction (10667)
Is this LEGO an authentic original?
Unidenitified LEGO set
What are the various LEGO motors that have been produced over the years?
Where can I get threads compatible with LEGO pulleys?
What is this black brick with red tubes inside?
Is there any way to find misplaced bricks in LEGO NXT Programming?
Looking for Adult LEGO
Sizesorting machine
Why do LEGO sets have a minium age rating?
Are LEGO cost-cutting with materials?
Are the plastic bags inside the LEGO box recyclable?
Age recommendations explained?
Site or example project / downloadable programme resource anywhere for the EV3 mindstorm?
Wiring and Controlling an 88004 servo from a RaspberryPI
LEGO Star Wars age limits?
LabView Mindstorms - What does speed in seconds mean?
Downloading error code 0 for ev3 programs
Where can I get replacement cables of this kind?
El Capitan OS X and Nxt v2
Every time Robot is launched (without changing the code) it is not following the exact path
Sending information from one EV3 brick to another EV3 brick
What are the measurements of the different Lego instruction booklets?
DNX on LEGO Mindstorms
What is LEGO MINDSTORMS?
When did the LEGO company begin?
Sort the program list on EV3
Help with this .nxc Tripod program
Lego death star problems
What is the most cost effective way to get basic bricks in bulk?
NXT Display is messed up
Are these real Lego figures?
NXT 2.0 speakers not functioning
Is there a functional difference between bricks w/ and w/o bottom tubes?
LEGO Mindstorms NXT - bossa driver prevents firmware upgrade
Identification please
How do I know if this wooden LEGO duck is real?
What is the best way to rebuild Lego sets?
System files deleted somehow
How long does it take the build the Ewok village
Clicking Brick Syndrome after using Raspberry Pi
8034 software RIS 2.0 - how to work it under Ubuntu 14.04?
LEGO custom One Piece
Cannot add instruction tiles to EV3 brick program.
How does the LEGO Group transport its products? Can LEGO bricks be recycled?
I can't figure out which lego model these doors came from
Middle Size LEGO Bricks
Rat Rod Semi Set
How many parts were in Advent calendars of yore?
Where is this knock-off LEGO brick from?
LDD not rendering
What does the 4 digit number embossed on my LEGO set represent?
How can I connect CCBS parts to plain LEGO system?
Do you cut a LEGO knife to create an illusion of a minifigure getting stabbed?
Can Lego Duplo and Lego Junior sets compatible? Can the pieces be mixed together from the different sets?
Can I find parts list for single fire truck in a fire station set?
NXT2 motors limitation?
Star Wars phantom
Identification for Hinge-like Piece
Is there a step-by-step guide to extracting a parts list from LDD to bricklink?
Identification for harness/hose/pipe + wings
What LEGO sets/blocks to buy?
How much tension can I expect to get out of a lego chain before it starts to give away?
Why are there some extra letters on lego Car License Plates?
Is there a free ImageSet of the Minifigure Series?
How to clean dirty white tiles?
Where can I find LEGO Doctor Who sunglasses and guitar?
Connecting EV3 to Mac over Bluetooth without Lego Mindstorms software
Resources for building MOCs with pieces entirely from single sets
LEGO set restore-er? (Emerald Night)
Chicago Blackhawks logo Lego building instructions
How to receive response from direct_command_reply from EV3 using Python?
Instruction for installing rc to LEGO unimog
Are wheels from Duplo numbers' train set 10558 compatible with bridge 3774?
Emerald Night Piston replacement + jamming issue
Mindstorm RIS 2.0 installation on Windows 10
Where can I find a 2x2 hinge on Bricklink?
Which move block to use with Gyro?
What would total cost of the LEGO® Star Wars collection be in MSRP to date? [Dec 2015]
Lego Digital Designer on OS X El Capitan?
Is there a rule of thumb for the decrease in value of complete sets without instructions?
I have a vintage set box with the kids on it. Should I continue collecting era appropriate pieces to refill it?
How can EV3 Gyro sensor drift be handled?
How can I get a direct hyperlink to a result on LEGO shop?
How do I diagnose a problem with electronic bricks and motors?
What is the brick limit in LDD?
How do I add the lms2012 library as a dependency within Visual Studio
Indentify old LEGO kit, classic car with bird driver
How to fix the Gyro
Controlling EV3 motors within VC++
Direct/system command for reading the display buffer of EV3 bricks?
How much current do the LEGO motors draw?
Instructions or details for the buildings in Set 190
How can I stop the LEGO Cargo train 60052 wheels from skidding on track?
Why do several of the 2016 Star Wars sets include stands for the minifigs?
Cheapest set containing electric motor
No power to Mindstorm EV3 Brain
Programming/running a NXT brick with a dead screen, via PC?
EV3 software crashes on Windows 8 laptop
How do you sync the LEGO high speed train remote?
Problems with New LEGO Cargo Train
Temp Glue for LEGO
Are Bandai "Figmes" compatible with LEGO?
Is this a LEGO Friends set?
DUPLO Train Shopping Resources
Please help me identify set
How can I reuse LEGO part bags?
LEGO Mindstorms EV3 crashes on OS X El Capitan
BAFTA Bob the builder set value?
Where can I buy bulk DUPLO sized bricks?
How do I find a set number without box or instructions?
RCX Windows 10?
Piece to hot air balloon won't fit. Anything I can do?
Why did LEGO stop selling sets for <1.5 year old (Primo etc)?
What software should I install for NXT on OSX El 10.11.2 Capitan?
Building instructions: Robot Spider Pen by Ricardo Oliveira
Dichotomous key for identifying / discovering LEGO pieces?
What is the special LEGO Movie 1x1 element shown in the Channel 4 documentary 'Inside LEGO at Christmas'?
Instructions for LEGO bag 135149
Can I change the spec of a MyBlock
LEGO Cleaning/Sterilisation
Identify partially built LEGO set
Is there a changelog for any firmware updates on an EV3 brick?
What set are these minifigs from? What are their names?
Shipping to Turkey
Where to get additional part library graphics for BlueBrick layout designer
How to store a matrix of values and pick out certain elements and compute the difference?
Order Number Problems
Is there an alternative replacement motor piece for 4.5 V Trains?
LEGO brick management tips
Infrared sensor behavior
HiTechnic Color Sensor analog
LEGO G-Scale train?
Is there a web resource available to browse LEGO Minifig head designs?
Instructions for LEGO bag dated 2007 bought at a Thrift store
Loop doesn't work, always inputs the same condition
Yellow cross-shaped LEGO piece ID
LEGO cleaning dust?
How to build ar Z6 (TR-8R) riot control baton for 75114 (First Order Stormtrooper)?
What is this piece and what is its number?
Torso ID (No hands)
Sticker Identification
What is the name/number of this brick
Motorizing Hobby Train 10183
Please help identify Star Wars set - I have some very specific wings
What is the set number for these Star Wars parts?
Made a big program in EV3's programming software for AI creation and it went from slow to not loading
Where are these minifigures from?
Help identify large white wheels
Assorted LEGO and BIONICLE set numbers
Best way to manage LEGO blocks
How to determine orientation of a EV3 gripper?
How to clear off oils in a way that will not damage the plastic?
Can someone please help me identify this antenna/rod part? It attaches to the bottom of a brick
Where does the left hobo's head come from at 0:18
Don't know how to call this but
What are some creative uses of the orange brick separator tool?
LEGO Friends lost instructions
Having trouble pushing 6.6L bar into pin connectors
Can someone please help me ID these parts?
ev3 education brick dosen't work well
Where does Saul's head come from at 0:12?
How to build a steerable remote-controlled vehicle with just 1 motor?
LEGO Mindstorm NXT memorize line followed (LeJos)
Is there a baseplate with connections on the bottom?
What is an inexpensive camera for photographing LEGO?
Interface between keyboard and NXT mindstorm
LEGO model of USB socket?
How can I get a replacement of LEGO NXT Green City Challenge Activity Pack CD-Rom?
How to Motorize the LEGO Mars Rover
Did LEGO ever make bricks without the LEGO logo?
How do I convert an .lxf file to an LDraw file for bricksmith on Mac?
What part(s) can I use to connect modules at a 90 degree angle?
NXT (NXC) Programs are too slow
What are the best sources of information for upcoming LEGO sets?
Minimizing brick loss during play
Eneloop NiMh batteries not powering 42030 loader
Are DUPLO gears compatible with LEGO gears?
How many pneumatic actuators does one air tank support
Can anyone help me identify this Fabuland figure?
Why does display output affects motors?
LEGO Color Sensor - EV3
Identification of Batman / Joker Set
draw program for LEGO MOC models?
LEGO clone identification with letter B on studs
What is the biggest base plate available?
What's the maximum pressure one airtank can withstand and how to tell its limit?
Printing an actual suit on a LEGO figure
Java BufferedImage with Lejos NXT: Java Heap Space
How to convert a model from "LEGO Digital Designer" Extended into non-Extended?
EV3 Installation failure on OSX El Capitan 10.11.3
Conductive "App Brick" without human contact
Where are the 2 by 2 turntables in LDD?
How can I find the directions to this LEGO bag?
How big is a LEGO torso in Microsoft Paint
Where is this blue BIONICLE figure from?
BPA in older LEGO
How do I make instructions from my .ldr/.lxf files on OSX?
How to make a regular pentagon from technic bricks
Best adhesive to fix a model for long term display?
What set are these bags? Detectives wanted
LEGO old discontinued model?
How come themes like BIONICLE can afford so many new parts?
Looking for instructions to build a hobbit hole without 'custom set pieces'
What are the significance of 3 marks that appear on the back of base plates?
How to tape something to the bottom of a brick
LDD Seems to be missing a piece
Where can I find the misspelled Luke Skywlaker pen?
Dark metallic gray tube: Is it a LEGO?
Looking for instructions for brick set #135149
LEGO Torsos cracking
What is this motorized LEGO piece?
Need help identifying these 3 bags
How to parameter the ports in move tank block EV3?
What is the name of this almost triangular shaped Technic beam?
What do these bags make?
LEGO Friends drinking bottle (850817) containing BPA?
What is the name of this 2x2 curved piece with a lip?
What is this hinge piece?
Identifying two BIONICLE parts
Most common Lego piece?
What´s this weird blue 8-long thin hinge piece?
What is this technic axle?
What piece is designed to hold the "drawer" piece?
Use Bluetooth to access NXT display
Is it possible to access the RGB values of the EV3 Light Sensor?
What is this BIONICLE limb piece?
What is this technic pin?
Extract Bricklink or Brickowl parts list from LDD (on OS X)
Challenge: A good, swift kick
Most inseparable combinations?
What are these Technic sets with figures?
Reference LEGO Technic 42043
Challenge: Specialized Palm Build
Where are these BIONICLE sets?
Lego NXT Exploitation or Vulnerabilities?
How do I get Batman out of DC Comics Super Heroes Character Encyclopaedia without damaging the book?
Mid-sized black plate options
How can I make Custom Instructions for my MOC?
Purchase of large blocks in South Africa
Help finding Star Wars set
Information on the new Death Star
How many BIONICLE store displays were created?
EV3 screen stuck at "Starting..."
What are some "Illegal" LEGO combinations?
I have several sets of unidentified Lego bags with no part number. How can I figure out what to build?
Sending Gcode to LEGO mindstorms x/y plotter?
Can you identify these parts?
Curved piece seems incredibly useful... what is it?
Which 3307 Arch 1 x 6 x 2 is correct for 10225 R2D2 Set? "Thick Top with Reinforced Underside" or "Thin Top without Reinforced Underside"
Where can I find a good tutorial on programming with Lejos?
How do you get LEGO Education EV3 Software?
Minifigure arms and legs do not have stamps
Does this 2x4 brick exist?
Torso and legs with different LEGO logos. Are they genuine?
LEGO controller 8879
EV3 won't connect through bluetooth anymore
Does LEGO still exchange the Mindstorms NXT bricks with flicker problems?
LEGO Minifigures Series 14 Female Ghosts!
Absolute position regulation NXC
What are good books for building techniques of LEGO Technic
Do WHITE LEGO elements fade or yellow while sealed for years, or do they stay their perfect white original color?
How to represent infinity in NXC?
LEGO Model to 3D Converter
Cutting a LEGO baseplate
How to pass an unknown type as a function parameter in NXC?
How to find a set(s) contain most parts of my wanted parts list
Scooby Dum LEGO character?
Non-working technic system
Does LEGO ship to my country?
Understanding the makeup of an XML .ev3p file
How to motorize Technic 42040
Need help identifying some sets
Verify authenticity of the Star Wars Snowtrooper minifig
What LEGO clone brand are these?
Overview of online LEGO discussion forums?
Unidentified LEGO 6 bag set dated 2007
LEGO Technic Unimog crane will not turn
Identification of a piece
Bracket identification
Where can I download the English LEGO Catalog for 2005 to 2014?
How many mystery minifig bags to buy?
LEGO variant, or is it?
What files are required to run an ev3 program?
TIE Fighter instructions
Is there on/off function on the 8879 IR Speed Remote Control?
Rescued Minifigure ID
I bought a LEGO set from a yardsale and have no instructions, box or date
What are LEGO rubber bands made of?
LEGO Friends set identification from sealed bag
Need help identifying these castle pieces
Identify sets from box of assembled parts
Why didn't LEGO make a Creative Building Box for Technic parts?
How best to plan and design a custom LEGO creation?
Which Star Wars set is this?
Strange Inverted slope Identification
Working with Curved Bricks
How do you program mindstorms to keep doing a task until either the IR OR the colour sensor state changes
Is it possible to damage a pneumatic pump/motor by applying too much pressure?
Tools to unbuild a model more easily?
How can an EV3 motor "remember" it's starting position?
How to speed up assembly for big LEGO technic sets (e.g. 42043 Mercedes-Benz Arocs)
How to disassemble this Technic combination?
Why was the original brick separator changed?
Can using a hex key to disassemble LEGO Technic pieces cause damage?
Is it possible to build a steering system without using gear racks such as part 87761?
Which parts are these?
How would one add custom made 3rd party pieces to LEGO Digital Designer?
Identify 2011 set number
What is this "patent pending" part?
Is it possible to build a decimal to binary converter (binary counter) with LEGO?
Best set to build a tracked vehicle?
Where can I go to get good custom LEGO minifigures?
Which LEGO vehicle set do I have here?
Trying to work out where a 'spare' part goes on Wall-E (21303)
Connecting LEGO WeDo USB hub to portable Power Bank
Why remote controls are seldom used in technic sets?
Are there LEGO Hygrometer sensors?
Are there any LEGO sets that have these two parts?
LEGO Large Shock Absorber alternatives
Metal Spring for LEGO MOC Simple Suspension
How to disassemble this small Technic turntable, combination of parts 99009 and 99010?
How to speed up the disassembly of large LEGO technic sets?
Selling a large but unsorted LEGO collection
When did piece markings change from DUPLO to LEGO?
How to convert a bar into an axle or pin - Using the Axel Hub with Four Bars
What is the best way to sort LEGO bricks?
LEGO bricks getting brittle, easily breaking. Insight needed
From what series is this brick?
How should I prepare one (currently built) LEGO set before selling it?
What's the name of the set including this piece?
How to buy a lot of LEGO Technic bricks?
LEGO Submarine waterproofing functional parts (e.g. motors, RC receivers)
How do LEGO Technic pneumatics parts age?
Does the LEGO "Power Functions Extension Wire" (8886) work in both directions between old 9V and new Power Functions devices?
What LEGO Power Function parts do I need to make an RC car?
I need help finding what set these pieces are from
How can I make an EV3 vehicle follow an elliptic equation?
How to power "Power Functions" devices from an electric wall plug?
What set(s) are these pieces from?
Cheapest and Simplest way to build a LEGO Technic car?
Bag 2, 2011 set, ID 135149
How steep a grade can a LEGO train go up?
Chaining Connections
How to create a LEGO Technic tank steering system
Where can I create a custom figure?
LEGO stormtrooper pauldron dimensions
Where can I download the LEGO RCX 2.0 programming software for Windows 7?
PC control Ev3 robot
NXT Program doesn't do what it's supposed to do
Identification of light and sound part
Articulations : which technique to use on small constructions for sturdiness?
HELP ! Darth Maul stuck in glue?
Identify a space LEGO set from incomplete model
What is this piece? Ring with studs, anyone have a clue for part #?
Need help identifying this Star Wars set from about 2005
Ev3 spik3r mission 2 doesn't move
What is the minimum required set of parts for Mindstorms?
How can I emulate this wheel from the mowing unit of a ride-on mower?
Can anyone identify this set?
Are LEGO tires natural or synthetic rubber?
Where can I find a copy of read_binvox.cc
Which LEGO AT-RT is this?
Turnover share attributable to AFOLs
EV3 program refuses to work
Why are Technic holes slightly smaller than studs?
I have a LEGO instruction book with the front identifying page missing. I am trying to work out which set it is
Where can I obtain the software called “Instructor”?
Help identifying which set this bag is from
Model number of this LEGO Duck
What set is this LEGO pack from?
How do I make the Mini Cooper (model 10242) motorized?
Identify this piece please?
Lego RCX 1.0 brick relationship to Robotics Invention System (RIS) & RCX firmware versions
Which set does bag 9 being to?
What set is this piece from?
Ø in LEGO part names
What is this for / from
Color sensor use in Commander app
Can anyone identify what this set is from please?
Does the Mindstorms EV3 software work on macOS Sierra?
can I open/repair this pullback motor?
Drive motor via Power Functions IR with own power source
Science fair: "Can Lego's Fly"
Is 9585: WeDo Resource Set compatible with 45300: WeDo 2.0 Core Set?
How do I robustly tilt a strength-1 wall?
What is the largest number of pieces in a set for LEGO, Nanoblock or any other brand?
Starting Lego robotics projects low-budget with the intention of expanding later
Can you help identify my new LEGO set?
Lego Digital Designer: Having Gears Interact with Toothed Bar
good "freeware" mosaic creator
Use legacy RCX sensors with EV3
How to connect chain links in LDD to make tank tracks
Raw sensor question?
Getting a PC to recognize Lego Mindstorms as Controller Input
Tips for getting enough bricks to make a MOC with unified style
How can I determine the value of an out of production set on the aftermarket?
How can I generate a list of missing parts for incomplete sets?
How do I find a set in a bunch of jumbled up pieces
Need help identifying bricks from this list of images to buy them off Bricklink
How do I increase axle speed using gears
help identify a LEGO set from bags
How do I rename an EV3 project?
EV3 Program - Menu
Looking for instruction manual for brick set #1845 (20th Anniversary Jackpot)
Toy's R Us - Frankenstein (Oct 29, 2016)
How can I find the unique parts in the 71040 Disney Castle?
Need help identifying 2011 Lego bag #3
Running Power Functions Train Without IR Receiver/Remote
Lego Mindstorms RCX RIS 2.0 IR tower Windows 10 64-bit driver
What set do I have
Average price per weight of new bricks in sets purchased for retail price?
A wired data logging brick
Significance of the switch from Legoland to Lego System?
How do I find information about discontinued LEGO sets?
Cargo Train Deluxe (7898) not running
To sort or not to sort
DIY Ev3 from schematics
Help me with my star wars MOC
Need help identifying a couple of Lego sets
Which head piece would be the cheapest?
Lego instructions
Why was monorail offered the way it was?
Help identifying Lego bag without instructions
Lego 12v motor axle repair
Are these LEGO Star Wars bricks genuine or fake?
7938 LEGO train not working (not cargo train)
How should I make a future-proof table for different LEGO brick sizes?
LEGO item number for white racing wedge with printed #3
Towards a different sort of set-identification
Installed EV3 software on Win 8 and it won't load
LEGO remote control 8879 for 2016 Winter Train not working
What alternative LEGO-compatible toys are avaliable?
Do we need WiFi Dongle to install Scratch on EV3
Why are the plastic bag designs different? Bag 4 looks normal, but are the rest legitimate LEGO designs?
How do I unlock the surprise for advent calendar?
Long train Bridge tension and compression angles (minimum brick count)
How easy is it to sell on BrickLink as a non-dealer?
Identify LEGO branded forklift piece
Mindstorm 2.0 & Chromebook?
LEGO bionicle identification
Ambulance LEGO Sets
2016: which Power Functions for controllable car?
Remote for Holiday Train 10254 Unresponsive
I have set from Agents theme yet the database doesn't contain my set
Bluetooth connection to EV3 from Java on Linux/Android
I'm looking for a good LEGO Modeling Program
What is the cheapest way to collect clone trooper minifigs?
Advice on where to start
Is there a website that has close-up pictures of minifigs?
How much would it cost to buy one of every retail LEGO set released in a year?
Sets with the most zombies
Value of LEGO bulk
Which are the most expensive LEGO sets?
Why don't LEGO Minifigures have ears?
Recreating Mindstorms TRACK3R test track
Are there bricks sized between LEGO (classic) and DUPLO?
Where can I find icons for LEGO bricks?
Can I get a JSON value from the internet without flashing a custom FW on EV3?
What's the smallest LEGO component, based on its largest dimension?
What is the difference between the plastic used in mainstream minifigs and the plastic used to make the popular collectable series of minifigs?
Does anybody have pictures of a minicon?
THE LEGO® TECHNIC PORSCHE 911 GT3 RS
How do I connect two models to one PF motor?
Unable to turn on NXT. Completely Frozen
Mindstorms EV3 brick does not play sound file to the end
Totally stumped! Part ID - unusual crane part?
LEGO Mindstorms IDE on macOS flickering
What LEGO set are these bags from?
I need to know every LEGO's part number, name, and a picture of it
Please help me ID this...castle and gates
How do I export LEGO Mindstorms programs on the Chromebook
Are there any reports of fatal or life-threatening incidents with LEGO?
Can you identify this piece and sets it may come from?
EV3 Motors not moving even though ev3 has batteries
How to cross reference multiple parts in sets?
What set do these stickers belong to?
List of parts to buy for to "upgrade" existing Mindstorms NXT 1.0 to Mindstorms EV3 set?
Can anyone name this set?
Help identifying space-themed sets
Are these parts really LEGO?
Why do some minifigs have grey hands and some yellow?
Will The Scooby-Doo Mystery Machine come back in stock at retailers?
How do you print on LEGO clone helmets?
Mindstorms EV3: Patrolling a number of rooms - what are my options?
Does anyone here know how to apply for MFi product plan id to LEGO?
LEGO Mindstorms 9797 (NXT Education base set) Software Download
The LEGO Logo Font
The Coffee Chain
Where did Octan come from? Why was it chosen?
Have the model files for the LEGO Sonic head piece been released in LDD or LDraw parts library?
Bag Identification
What technic vehicles are built to scale for 75114 First Order Stormtrooper?
Piece Identification
Programming NXT ultrasonic sensor with EV3 software
LEGO Shell Ferrari 2012 Sets
Why don't inverted brackets (99780) work in this SNOT 180 configuration?
Will the BIONICLE line come back?
Hello, LEGO. I have one question
Why are LEGO minifigures getting more and more expensive?
Piece identification (Sphere)
How can I fix or prevent my cylinder from not functioning?
LEGO Mindstorms Motor Power
Wiring diagram of this blue 12V switch?
Need help identifying LEGO sets from bags and more
Are there any sensors that are capable of measuring audio pitch for EV3?
How should I arrange LEGO to sell per pound?
Star Wars Set Identification
Which system is more efficient?
Was there ever cadmium in Lego bricks?
Unfindable minifigure
Can you identify a box that says LEGO Extra Parts no. 058?
Need help with part identification... can't find part number
Identify this baseplate
What are these LEGO pieces?
Send variable to EV3 via WiFi
LEGO part 3039 black with red sticker
How to instruct EV3 to go a certain place in the room?
What sort of college education is best to become a LEGO designer?
What is the name of the piece that is often used to switch gears?
EV3 Ultrasonic Sensor block is not availible in the Home Edition software
What set is this remote from?
Restoring minifig parts to original configuration for sale
Identify this axle holder from Little Prince MOC
Web site with layouts for LEGO Duplo trains?
What are the common quality issues seen in collectible minifigs?
What is the best way to program Mindstorms EV3?
Electric train set not working - even though the light is on
How can body segments be moved to precise angles in snake robot?
Why does Jay have a scar?
Is code written for NXT bricks compatible with EV3 brick (for Johnny 5 building)?
What are the programming languages that can be used on Lego Mindstorm EV3?
Anyone knows this Star Wars model?
Does the Mindstorms RCX Input Ports have a Pull-Down Resistor?
Scroll screen in EV3 Home Edition program
Moving the motor to certain initial position
What is the best way to sell a nearly complete large set?
What is the best option for Mindstorms EV3 remote control for motors?
Is there a slotted yoke piece?
Can you identify this bevelled grey 2x1 piece?
Death Star 10188 Help with step 8 on page 76
Reading NXT Touch Sensor with Monobrick Communication Library
EV3 not recognized by PC when attempting firmware update after interrupted update
Can someone please identify this round dome part for us?
Can someone ID this part
How do I take out this pin from an axle connector?
9V Battery instead of PF Battery Box
Difference between Linear Actuator vs. Linear Actuator Mini
Why is LEGO usually uppercase?
Which set does this small bag of LEGO pieces belong to?
Can anyone ID this torso?
Ev3 won't run certain loop
I have a bunch of LEGO pieces given to me already setup, any ideas to what set?
System.ArgumentException: Only Sequence Wires can be snapped
Saturn V set from the 60s?
Where can I find a LEGO tube piece that is ridged on the outside
What set is this head from?
Bazooka blast ev3 Mindstorms using Python
Looking for a list of Star Wars minifigures
Is using the term "Legos" always wrong?
What is the name of this part
Set identification for white Technic panel with sticker that says "5974"
How to remove an unslotted length-2 technic axle from a one-way axle hole?
Lego Batman Figures In Picture Unknown? Please Help
Help with Figure ID!
Brick-built sails for a pirate ship
Technic 8858 alternate model impossible to build?
Doubt about minifigures of LEGO star wars in Bricklink
What's the purpose of the decoration on the BrickHeadz piece?
3D printing LDD model
The four armed minifig
Any way to track a light source in 1 dimension using one color sensor?
Mindstorms nxt screen not lighting up
Why do many minifigures have printing on their neck pegs?
Which is the largest U.K. LEGO shop?
Can anyone please tell me what this is?
Are COGO and LEGO bricks compatible?
Please help identify this vintage (but non-Lego) brick!
Please help identify this 1980's, very odd, Non-Lego brick!
Averaged out, as of 2016, how many shapes has Lego introduced per year since brick 1?
How do you open a logfile (.rdf) downloaded from an EV3 brick?
How to tell if I need a neck kit for 21303 WALL•E?
EV3 Wired Brick to Brick communication
Are there more instructions for LEGO Architecture Studio?
help identify set from parts
In what colours can I build my whole model?
Please help identify LEGO Batman vehicle
What is TLC's (earlier?) "obsession" with dragsters about?
How can I remove old LEGO bricks that are stuck together?
My grandson wants a LEGO motor. What should I get?
How can I create custom EV3 blocks?
Creating custom blocks using EV3 block developer kit
Problem with running two XL motors motors
Are there LEGO sets unique to the UK/Europe?
What parts are in each bag for the Star Wars Death Star 75159?
Why is the LEGO IR Receiver V2 not widely produced? Or are they?
How much does a LEGO character weigh?
LEGO mindstorm EV3 control using FPGA
DFB LEGO Minifigures
When was the pink brick released?
How can I make my robot heavier?
Is it possible to repair LEGO box creases?
How could I provide power and/or data coupling between train cars?
How can I make a spiral staircase with basic blocks at right angles?
Is there an official list of Fabuland animal characters?
Which of these parts are LEGO elements?
Why are my Technic blue pins breaking?
What is the writing on this map tile?
How do I center a 2x2 plate on a 3x3 plate?
Are there any benefits to using PF motors instead of EV3 ones?
NXT 1.0 software issue
Is there a way to strengthen individual pieces?
Does there exist software to test the strength of a designed LEGO model?
Please identify these two kinds of Lego bricks (circa 1990's)
NXT light sensor homework help
How big to make a perfect cube? And how to build it
LEGO bag with no instructions or box
How to open Duplo train base 2961b?
Programmable sound bricks
Can you ID these storage bins?
Can't find the LEGO set number for this item
How can I build a compact EV3 gearbox?
Identify set for Star Wars parts
Please help identify set
Boosters from set 71214 don't fit
How to get double the speed from 2 regulated EV3 motors?
Instructions for building this bird?
A 90 degree turn with 56145
Please help identifying these parts
Which sets are these parts from?
Need help identifying these parts
EV3 connection problem via USB on Windows 8.1
Set Identification from Garage Sale Score
How to connect two LEGO Bricks EV3 by USB using python
Identifying this turbine piece
Can you identify these curved grey parts?
Are there factories in China that produce raw LEGO-compatible blocks?
How to get leJOS to run on macOS Sierra
Trex we build keeps toppling over on step
Existence of a Technic 1M Half Beam
Lego® Train 60051 alternate IR remote
How to inventory a large collection of LEGO sets
Can you find the set for these Star Wars space ship parts?
Lego Star Wars ship identfication
Is it possible to fix a broken EV3 Port?
Why the use of different colors for the inner bricks?
Set identification - 4 bags
What set does this piece belong to? (possibly a Star Wars set)
Optimal way to remove door from frame
Can you identify this minifig and its set?
Help me figure out what sets these minifigs belong to!
Can you help me identify the set?
Can you identify this truck with spikey wheels?
How are LEGO bricks packaged?
Can someone identify this LEGO Model?
What's the name of this one?
Yet Another Model to Identify
Set 3368 missing one 4211805
Does the word Lego have anything to do with Latin verb lego?
What LEGO brick is available in the most colors?
Can you identify this LEGO space set?
Can you identify the set for this LEGO snowmobile?
Can you identify this set that seems to be from LEGO Star Wars?
How can I read NXT logfiles?
What's the name of this curvy looking brick
What is the name/number of this Technic brick with two arms?
What are the common uses of the roof pieces in the Sydney Opera House set?
Can the DUPLO My First Number Train fit on DUPLO tracks?
Were there ever any smaller sets, marketed as being combined to create a large official set?
What kind of track is the Emerald Night set compatible with?
Any tips for aligning gears in LDD?
Which are the largest LEGO ships?
How can I distinguish floating versus sinking LEGO pieces?
Are there any army-related LEGO toys?
Which set did this sealed bag of mostly grey LEGO bricks come from?
Why are these bricks slightly shorter than normal?
Can you identify the set that these bird-like LEGO assemblies came out of?
Minifig wrist attachements?
Why are pat pending bricks rarer and treasured more than patented bricks?
How big are original LEGO bricks?
Linear Actuator Clicking
When were Star Wars minifigs changed to use more realistic skin tones?
Looking to Identify a LEGO creator set with a hook
Which blocks are these?
Empty LEGO boxes: are they worth anything?
Can you help me identify this LEGO set?
Is my EV3 controller bricked?
Clutch gear test
Sharks with frickin’ laser beams attached to their heads
Can anyone tell me what these LEGO sets are?
Programming to get data
Should I store greasy tires separately?
IR protocol for Duplo RC Dozer (2949)
Build-A-Bricks Building Set
How can I improve my rackless steering design?
When did LEGO have a groove in the center tube underneath?
What would make these Star Wars sets particularly valuable?
How can I find brick part number from a picture?
EV3 switch block does not recognize text?
Are creative play sets compatible with Duplo?
Need help identifying these sets
Any cheap Technic sets with a good variety of parts?
What parts make up this mini-figure?
How to import Rebrickable.com parts lists to LDraw?
Where can I get the rest of the bags for the Helms Deep set?
Can you identify the set for this transparent and orange canopy?
Selling bulk LEGO
Found a bag of pieces. Most unique to this bag is a
Identifying kits to find instructions
What are the part numbers for the original brick minifigures?
How do you interrupt a MyBlock?
Billund Legoland car controls
Is there any way to connect “sideways” to an axle?
Is there a 90 degree angle brick?
LEGO EV3 I2C Compatibility
How do I install the Lego BOOST software on a phone instead of a tablet?
Is the LEGO BOOST kit compatible with EV3 or PowerFunctions motors and sensors?
Can LEGO Boost play custom audio files?
What Technic set should I get for general Technic MOC?
EV3 motor control proportional to another motor when more than two motors
Run an NXT 2 program that will continue until no power is left in batteries
NXT Mindstorms software glitch
What internal electronics does LEGO Boost use?
ev3 brick blocked during running a program
Is there a named scale for sets such as 75055 or 75054
How can I use the Flex Tool easily on LDD?
Can you identify these LEGO animals, mountains, and minifigs?
What is this piece slightly longer than a 2x2 plate with grooves and a hole?
Are limited run sets a good investment if left unopened?
Turn on LEGO Mindstorms robot remotely
How can I connect the LEGO Mindstorms NXT with an iPad?
Exist some piece official or unofficial of Lego with the names of the minifigures?
Can you identify these Bionicle sets?
Help identifying LEGO set (possibly construction)?
Separate LEGO Technic wheel from 3 pin hub
Step 160 on carousel 10257
Help identifying this set
Are there any books on the history of economic, marketing and design choices of LEGO and the company?
42042 Crawler Crane: conversion to remote control
How does LEGO decide the color of internal set pieces?
Centering on Stud.io (design software)
How to best transfer power at 90 degrees for high torque applications
Is it part of an offical set?
Identify unknown lego set bag 2
Does Enlighten Brick mainly produce copies of old LEGO sets?
54950c01 vs 59510c01
How can I fix this gap in the Ghostbusters Firehouse roof?
I am looking for robot constructor general plastic parts
Help me identify this set? Maybe lord of rings, Harry Potter or Star Wars?
Is LEGO mindstorms good for a robot warrior or a small size soccer robot?
Uses for tracks in 9648
What were the most popular lego themes and what were the least popular?
Does a 1x3 Lego technic liftarm with two round holes and one axle socket exist? (for tank suspension usage)
Can anyone identify this air/spacecraft please?
How To Plug Detected Light Values into Variables and Still be Usable in Programs in EV3-G
Why does the Brickset inventory page incorrectly list a set as including 200 of a part when it actually includes more?
Has anyone created a analogue LEGO clock that runs time accurately?
Which LEGO set is best suited to build robots?
Problem with the range for controlling 8676
Does the Lego Mindstorms EV3 software work on macOS High Sierra?
Why does my EV3 not have data logging in Brick App menu?
I need help identifying pieces
Are there any Open-Source bricks projects for robotics?
Does anyone know which set included a 2 piece moon?
Which set are these bags from?
What are the holes on the backs of MegaBlocks Call of Duty characters for?
Which set is this bag from?
What is the tiny-hand most-friendly sets to migrate from duplo to lego?
What set do these parts come from?
EV3 isn't showing up in programming software after pairing on Windows XP
Spik3r wheels move but the spik3r itself doesn't
Lubricating 6216m2 engine
Servo steering with 88004 motor and 8878 battery box?
LEGO EV3 on Chromebooks
What is the name of the small pins that are used with small wheels / rims?
Do LEGO prototypes have production numbers on them?
9v Regulator Question
Mindstorms program - myblocks that work fine when run individually but when executed as part of a larger program, break
Why is there a hole in the large surf board (6075)?
Lego Mindstorms EV3: programming language recommendation
LEGO Mindstorms EV3: Camera recommendation for lane tracking
Is there an leJOS simulator for EV3?
How to power up MOC-0308, based on Technic 8297?
Do clear transparent pieces suffer from a yellow tinge over time?
Late 1970s hospital and helicopter building brick set
Is there a tool that generates my parts database?
LEGO Train - what size cork track bed
What set are these parts from?
Can't identify this LEGO set
Which LEGO set did these small tan, grey and tan bricks come from?
Lego identification
Buyer security on BrickLink
Do LEGO part counts on boxes include spare parts, brick separators and instruction manuals?
Lego identification help!
What is the best way to sell complete used LEGO sets?
Can you identify these 20 year old LEGO sets?
What sets are these electrical parts from
What to do with a 25K pc collection?
70915 excavator gun won't load
myblock for a proportional gyro turn that randomly fails when in a larger program
How to load an RCX from a modern system?
Can you identify this old set with LEGOLAND minifigs?
Lego Racers in Special Box
What LEGO set is this?
What is the best way to buy bulk bricks ONLY?
Firetruck 8289 with different wheels?
Identify LEGO set with black door, large sand arch, dark-sand bricks, and tan plates?
Two touch sensors: how to determine which sensor was pressed?
What is the largest jump in LEGO instructions?
Did any sets have lots of 1x2 smooth tiles with gauges on them?
Can't create block: "Use of a block which no longer exists"
Can anyone identify these pieces?
What are these clip and bar pieces?
Help identifying unusual Technic part
Why do sellers do lots of 'random' bricks?
Can you identify this LEGO board game?
What part in LEGO digital designer can be used for a tank track?
EV3 brick Bluetooth connection error
Different surface roughness of tiles. Quality issue?
Can ScratchJr work with WeDo 2.0?
How do I have an else in conjunction with an if statement with two conditions?
2 Unidentified Pieces
What are the dimensions of a technic axle?
Can you identify this Black Plane or Spaceship?
Why do two EV3 bricks have different power outputs?
What set is this sealed bag of pink and purple bricks from?
What is the selling rate per pound for individual colors?
What is the function of this device? What kit?
How much is Sheriff's Lockup #6755 worth?
Can you identify this black plate with studs only going down the middle?
How to make Lego Mindstorms EV3 robot go in reverse when move steering input comes from proximity sensor
"Unable to compile" error code with LEGO EV3 Arm Robot Program
Good manufacturer/market for clear (transparent) bricks and plates in bulk?
Is there a way to identify the part number of a brick, just by using an image of it?
How should I transport my big LEGO sets?
How can I build a brick-built monorail track?
Determine assembly steps from LXF file
How to fix the 4.3V output supply of a NXT 2.0?
How do I see which stores have all the parts I want on Bricklink?
What is this light grey LEGO plate with six sides?
Do all technic bushes (3713) have the LEGO label on them?
I need download instructions for this set, but I don’t know the number
How to get the Millennium Falcon 75192
What are the set numbers for these Star Wars and Police sets?
What causes certain LEGO parts to yellow over time, and how can this be prevented?
What sets are these pieces from
Which clone brand and set do these pieces belong to?
Which Lego Technic sets are officially combinable?
Are these bricks old Lego/Duplo clones?
What happened to Olivia in the 2018 Lego Friends sets?
What strategy should FLL teams use to pick their next robot mission?
Round Plate 1x1 Dimension
Augment Lego 60139 with power functions Lego 8293?
Lego Technic 42048 with Lego 8293
What does taking Raw value for EV3 Colour sensor do?
What are these strange black disc LEGO pieces?
Is there a way to buy just the robotic parts?
Why are there 4 wires leading to the Power Functions LEGO train motor?
Building a more-efficient water propeller?
Brick Wall psychology: PAB cup filling strategy?
Classic 9V battery box current limiter?
Is there a tool that can consistently remove hundreds of 2x2 Tiles?
How to estimate the pieces of a construction from just one photo?
Can you interchange System and Technic LEGO?
How can I repair a red 12v train motor from Set# 7730?
How can I program a motor to rotate towards the source of sound?
Colored balls detectable by EV3 color sensor
Lego Mindstorms education NXT 9797 software for a Mac laptop
How can I combine multiple PF XL Motors
What is the length of a DUPLO train bridge?
Are there any bricks to make big size robots?
What sets have the best price per ratio?
amazon.fr hints that the Boost app will be available on phones?
Identify LEGO Dimensions pack
What is the LEGO EV3 rpf file?
Looking for LEGO set based on random pieces
How do people build large collections of bricks?
Are there LEGO plates without the word "LEGO" on the studs?
Can the BrickStore part database be updated?
Why do LEGO bricks yellow at different rates?
Why are these hinged plates slightly different colors?
How to lubricate the 4.5v train motor for set 7722?
What set are these LEGO assemblies from?
Identify lego Set that includes a caravan
Red cargo ship set?
How can I mount a Dino head to a wall?
Please identify if these pieces are part of a set
Please identify the set or sets
Lego Modulars Massive Inflation?
Why won't the loop block in my EV3 program stop?
Why are there scratches on new bricks?
Lego Boost Variable setting
Compatibility of maxi sized mega blocks
Is it possible to determine the approximate age of these bricks only by seeing their injection points?
Can you identify this LEGO plane set?
Bucket Wheel Excavator not powering up?
Is it worth to start with Dimensions now?
Help in identifying elements used on LEGO Batman movie's Daleks
How do you make a triggered counted ball drop?
What's the fastest way to rebuild different sets that have been brought together
How often does LEGO make substitutions?
Why can't I install the NXT software?
Where is this piece in LDD?
Connecting "out of system" roads?
Which set did this Technic assembly come from?
How are these transparent stairs made?
Obtaining LEGO blocks
Is it legal to sell a custom element that provides a Technic pin connection?
Is there a listing of the Types of LEGO blocks?
Need help identifying sets!
Did these random parts come from a set?
Utility pole and angles
Are there any wheels or rings that fit in clips?
Why is LEGO kit name not on the box or booklet?
How should I get started with LEGO trains?
The route a power line takes through a neighborhood
Which of the LEGO Mindstorms 9797 (NXT Education base set) Software is compatible with Windows 10
Build Instructions for Brown Fedora Hat at LEGOLAND Florida Resort Hotel
Principles of D.I.Y. Minecraft microworlds
The route of a major power line with branching smaller lines
I'm missing a few pieces in my XingBao set
Why am I required to buy something on Bricklink before I am allowed to sell?
Are there any good Brick Labels out there?
EV3 Home edition for mac missing import block option
Technic Pin/Travis Brick Legal Connection?
Are these pieces LEGO?
Is the Lego Duplo Track System being discontinued?
Does anybody know the LEGO # for this?
LEGO twin-engine airplane (black/yellow/grey) set identification please
LEGO MINDSTORMS EV3 Can't find MyData Block
How to sell a large amount of Lego
Please identify these sub assemblies
How to pause, and restart (without resetting), a timer block - ev3
What is the Travis Brick?
How do I sell complete items still assembled?
Find out the set(s) a list of parts belongs to?
Where do I find thousands of blue & yellow bricks for an art project?
Trying to find piece ID on instructions w/ no ID
My 9398 crawler going in reverse way
Is there any reason behind fancy bricks in invisible places?
What is the best solution to power up two 5292 buggies?
The 75192 Millenium Falcon is available again!
Why there are "unnecessary" bricks in 60080?
LEGO Mindstorms Spik3r won't move
What is a better algorithm for wall following with an ultrasonic sensor?
Is there a rock wall generator?
Is Space discontinued?
Is 32013 a drop-in replacement for 3651?
How to use this 5 and a half width windshield?
Can anyone tell me what part or set this round piece goes to?
When did Lego switch from 4 to 6 stud width of Windscreen?
Is there a way to move items from quote back to basket?
Is possible to change firmware of ev3 brick?
Can I still motorize Universal Building Set 8034 and other from that time?
New Lego Star Wars Character Encyclopedia
How to use the direct command to make ev3 motor backward?
The center "ok" button does not work
High resolution flat view box cover images
Sensor usage during manual control
Please identify this black 2x2 tile with sticker
Could not open serial port or USB device
EV3 low battery communicate right after startup
Which Lego Set Is This?
What part is this 2x2 curved slope?
Help regarding importing into LDraw
Why do LEGO parts break?
LEGO family identification
Alternate builds for classic space sets
When did LEGO stop using perforated plastic bags and switched to simple ones?
Can you extract a program from the EV3 brick to the computer?
Can you help me identify the set this sub-assembly belongs to?
Two separate functions of 5282 remote?
Will my mighty white rocket yellow?
Can I convert my train 9V 4563 to the power function motor?
Looking for ideas to make wire connectors compatible with Lego Functions
Is there a current source for the LGEO parts library?
Problem with "warping" of LEGO water
Lego magnet strength
How do I connect a LEGO wheel to axles so it can be powered?
How to protect my LEGO city from the dust?
Is there a list of the most common Lego Technic parts?
Can you identify this piece of non-LEGO submarine from a sketch?
Which set does this bag belong to?
Power Function Converter Cable for LEGO MINDSTORMS
Quality of Brick, Modified 1 x 1 with Headlight over time
Is there a drop-in replacement for 4275 + 4276 hinge?
Compare part lists
How to use the ultrasonic sensor on mindstorm NXT
What about Power Functions motor, S size?
Can someone identify this brick?
Using the unregulated motor block and conversion cable to light LEDs
Is there any software for designing and testing Technic mechanisms?
Angular resolution of NXT motor
What is this block used for? (Orange and Black)
How to safely straighten 2569 Lego Antenna Whip 8H?
LEGO servo (88004) controlled by Raspberry Pi using python pigpio
Are there any LEGO "MacGyvering kits" for the on-the-go LEGO fan?
How many 2x4 Lego bricks would it take to build a real skyscraper?
Is this from a Lego set?
EV3 Unregulated Motor - different plus/minus power behavior
EV3 touch sensor specs relevant for a brick-built MOC
What LEGO set are these decorated tiles from?
Steer with the LEGO Mindstorms EV3
Loop interrupt stops all loops, not just the one designated
What do the 'X' and 'K' codes mean for rubber bands?
What is this orange winged thing without studs?
High Torque Subtractors
Function in EV3 Basic
How to ship a LEGO sculpture to a contest?
How to glue a LEGO tree decoration in a way that's not permanent, to prevent accidental disassembling?
Is there a good place to find upcoming LEGO conventions?
Where to find pictures of undersides of bricks? (possibly Lego clones about 25-30 yrs ago)
Advanced LEGO set for my 5 yr 2 months old child
Help with Multiple Motors/ Intelligent Bricks and coding/ programming/ daisy chaining
When did LEGO Minifigure Leg mold designs change?
Where can I find this piece in LDD V4.3.11?
Source of LDD models
Problem assembling wings as shown for LEGO Air Race Jet (Technic 42066)
Why do LEGO bricks keep their value even though they are still being produced?
What is the appropriate way to request a creator to add more of their designs to mochub?
How to flash a LEGO Mindstorms brick and program it in another language
Fan door does not close completely - Air Race Jet
Is it acceptable practice to finish an incomplete set and sell it as complete?
Minifigure Hand broken and stuck in arm
EV3 does not react to commands (sent via bluetooth) after 1.7 seconds
Can anyone identify these two Lego parts?
can anyone identify this lego piece?
Why did lego stop the Ninjago Spinjitzu Flyer and switch to the Ninjago Spinjitzu Spinner?
Can anyone identify this remote control and receiver?
Lego mindstorms ev3 spinner factory problem
How are LEGO Bricks and colors numbered/identified
Mindstorms EV3 Spinner factory complete code problem
Is there a difference in the part number for those pieces?
Identify set(s) based on open bags
How to cross reference a part to all instruction guide pages
How can I access the brick id in ev3-g?
How to visually search for specific parts in a 3D model?
Is the app to print LEGO storage labels from www.bricklabels.com still available somewhere?
Can I import existing Lego kits into Lego Digital Designer?
EV3 brick not turning on, nothing on display?
Which set is this bag 3 from?
Which set is this bag 2 from?
LEGO Digital Designer Part Numbers
Why do hidden Lego pieces have different colours?
NXT motors spin when in air but stop on ground
Help identifying a bag containing many white plates
What part(s) can I use to connect technic liftarms with modules?
9398 reduction change
Was the LEGO flower petal redesigned?
Can I use two remote-controlled LEGO Tracked Racers 42065 simultaneously?
Why are my pieces breaking? "3612 Arm piece straight with 2 and 3 fingers"
App (Win/Android) for managing Lego sets
Is there a cross-reference guide?
How can I motorize 42077 Technic Rally Car with LEGO Power Functions?
2x3 plate with triangle post part number?
What LEGO set is this thrift store find from?
Lego Part identification needed (x4)
How can you pin the Penguin Suit Guy down?
Help needed on identifying parts and assemblies
Duplo rail accessory compatibility with older trains
Repeat until sensor value is accepted does not work.
What are some uses of part 93589?
Can anyone help identify the LEGO bags?
Stepping through Mindstorm program
String thickness comparison
Help identifying LEGO set
Third power functions train runs backwards, why?
Does my child need a smart device to control LEGO Powered Up train sets?
How many motors can be controlled using the Powered Up system?
How do I connect the LEGO Powered Up remote control?
What is the range of the LEGO Powered Up remote control system?
How many and what kind of batteries are needed for LEGO Powered Up?
What is this piece? I see it being sold with 9v train tracks
What is this brown flexible wire with 5 sliding pieces?
Any ideas on this mostly white and dark red set?
What would be the origin of these 1x1 bricks with the top part and stud having a different color?
What is the function of Duplo part# 38507 RAIL ACCESSORY, NO. 4
Identify 2x2 chrome/silver emblem
Set Identification: 2011 set, bag 3, #135149
How do you support upper floors in tall buildings?
Please identify the sub assemblies
Need help identifying set from 2011
What is the writing on this sticky note tile?
Serial tower RCX 1.0 works with NQC but flakey with RIS 2.0
Identify (very old) bricks
What is the name/number of this LEGO brick, used to make "cat eyes"?
How did they make the LEGO Batman cutscenes?
How to send through Bluetooth motor angle position and mirror that position on another motor?
Please help me identify this partially assembled set
Can you help me identify this odd fence-like brick?
Repairing disintegrated old 9V wire
LEGO part counts on boxes without treads
Please identify LEGO sets based on these parts
XL motor and M motor on IR receiver = same output?
Can Boost programs be transferred off the tablet / phone / PC?
What to do with old LEGO Magazines
How to check the missing pieces of a given set?
Are there additional motors and/or sensors that can be used to extend LEGO Boost?
What are these mini figures?
Can you identify this Star Wars LEGO set?
How much do the PF XL motors help speed in the 4x4 crawler?
Confused about power functions motors 8883 and 8293
M-Tron spaceships complete list
How do I connect part 62113 together to form a ladder?
Can the Powered Up app be used to directly control the Boost Move Hub?
What set did this assembly come from?
Childhood lego car ID, 1980s early 90s
Can you identify this LEGO minifig head please?
Please help identify this set with red, black, and lime colors?
How to make a Lego Mindstorms ev3 self driving car?
Is there an API for the Duplo 10874 train set?
Mysterious Part ID help
How can I find the original bag listing for 42083?
Extra pieces in 76112 Batmobile
How many polypags would I need to get to have good odds of getting all in the series?
What electronics are inside the LEGO Powered Up hub?
Which Lego set has had the most Easter Eggs?
How many sealed bags are there in the LEGO set 4504?
How to retrieve a deleted program file from the lego NXT
Are only two new train sets available in August 2018?
Are there active electronics in basic Powered Up motors?
Connecting 2 NXT bricks in order to control motors and sensors from one brick
How to instruct Mindstorms EV3 from PC conditionally?
What Lego part(s) would hurt the most to step on?
Can anyone identify the brand of this non-LEGO brick
Is it expected that LEGO will produce small (S or XS) PF motors?
Does LEGO Digital Designer include part 4539880?
Is it worth parting out a set to sell without the minifigs?
What set is this green sled from?
lego mindstorm ev3 education 1.4.2 for Windows crash when open 2nd projects
Ideas for a price tag on parts from old city set?
How can I firmly attach a triangle to a turntable?
What is the difference between Star Wars UCS and Master Builder Series?
Why is the EV3 Ultrasonic Sensor (45504) out of stock?
Can I install EV3 Education software and Retail software side by side?
Is it possible to use 5 motors on an EV3 brick?
Could you help me identify these vintage bricks with holes in the studs?
Why do some LEGO City vehicles have tiles in their chassis?
Identification of rare (?) pieces
Can anyone identify what kind of block these are? I have had no luck with Google.
I have a LEGO minifigure and I'm trying to determine the value of it
Stuck on 42066 Air Race Jet model B
Why do I not have the Brick Datalog app in the LEGO Mindstorms EV3 V1.10E firmware?
How can I find overlapping bricks in LeoCAD?
Hacking the Bluetooth motor in the motorized LEGO® DC Super Heroes 76112 App-Controlled Batmobile
Help to identify a small tube part
Stacking motors on the Powered Up hub or Boost hub
Please help identify a set with bag of tan, white, grey, and light-blue 1x1 and 1x2 bricks?
Please help identify what set this bag belongs to
Help me identify what set this bag of mostly white tiles and panels belongs to
LEGO Power Function PF 2.0 specification
What is inside the LEGO Powered Up M motor?
Power Function 2.0 Pin out
Bricx Command Center says "No connection to the programmable brick"
What is the best way to sell sealed LEGO sets?
Which resistor value is used for which motor in Power Functions 2.0?
What is an effective way to clean clear LEGO bricks?
Can you identify a set containing a zebra and spider minifig?
Can you identify this LEGO Space build from the early 90s?
What kind of mat do you use for running Mindstorm EV3?
What dark green and lime BIONICLE do I have?
How can I have EV3 Commander App continue running the motor when I release the slider?
Help identify this ship section
What sets have been named in a punny way?
Pattern for oscillation with LEGO Technic
Get robot to face perpendicular to nearest object, using the ultrasonic sensor in NXC?
How do I delete custom images I made in my computer?
Lego Mindstorms Ev3 home edition on Mac OS Mojave bug - bricks sometimes go blank
Duplo Locomotive: What is this inner part used for?
Identifying Parts Used For The Escape Hatch of Sariel's Tiger XL Model
Can you identify what sets this partial build and bag of LEGO elements come from?
What is this 2x4 brick with a 2x3 rounded plate with hole attached?
Part identification: 40t gear from The LEGO Movie
Can you please identify these two assemblies?
How to MOC the Rough Terrain Crane 42082
Are there Powered Up compatible connectors available?
Importing 3ds file in ldraw (LeoCAD)
Please help identify this LEGO set with large black curved elements with orange stickers
Please help . Lego Set ID (Green)
Please help . Lego Set ID (Police)
Part Identification: Foot Piece?
Is the EV3 compatible with a 3rd party I2C gyroscope?
EV3 Brick and Commander app bluetooth disconnecting
Can you identify the set these white vehicle elements come from?
Which set is this with a white truck and camper trailer?
Why does the Gyro Sensor not work correctly in Virtual Robotics Toolkit?
How to make an exact 16 degree turn?
How to convert LEGO base plate to a DUPLO base plate?
How can I get the EV3 to control an ordinary motor with PWM?
Any ideas how to seperate these pieces?
Smallest rubber wheel that can be turned by a technic axle
Can you help me identify this poly bag?
What came first? Print or sticker?
Is it possible, to remove a parted out set from Bricklink inventory?
How could I make a golf robot from a LEGO NXT kit?
Can PoweredUp trains talk to multiple Bluetooth remotes?
Why does the Duplo bathtub piece have an odd height?
Program for NXT golf robot not looping properly
Please Help! My LEGO BB-8 Minifig Head Is Stuck In a Helmet!
Facebook ads for cheap LEGO : legit or scam?
How to prevent discoloration
Mindstorms Chromebook app Stuck in Zoomed-Out Position
Black curved top piece of assembly
Identify these window panels ~4x3
What are these numbers for this element name?
What is this brick?
What is this EV3 controlling app
How to place minifigure legs into normal LDD bricks, like a 1x2 brick?
Re-building sets - can you help?
LEGO color discrepancies and tint variations
Are there any difference between the 88003 and 99499 L motors?
What's the Difference Between an Open Stud, and Solid Stud Brick?
From which set is this bag? All grey 1x1 round bricks and 2x2 domes
Has anyone tried putting the Powered Up system in the Christmas train?
What is this short blade with a hole at one end?
Which LEGO set are these parts from?
Technic bits set
Mystery LEGO bags
Building technique for plate at near 45 degree angle
Which LEGO figure is this?
Do you know which series or set this sticker is from?
How can I identify LEGO stickers?
Has Anyone Motorized Ocean Explorer Set #42064?
Do you know which set these large grey ball and socket pieces belong to?
Star Wars Ship - Which LEGO Set Is This?
How do I make trains which fit LEGO rails (6 studs)?
What is this element ID?
Inventory website/app/software?
Can you identify this minifigure?
Adding Power Functions to LEGO Mack Anthem Truck (42078)
Partial set identification
How do you convert the ev3p program files and assets back into an ev3 project file?
Can you identify these bricks with grooves?
NXT Sensors not working
What tools can I use to get better prices on a large list of parts on Bricklink?
Why is this piece notched?
Lego EV3 simulator and programming
Help Identifying Mega Bloks Parts
Is it possible to dismantle and refurbish an original 870 Technic motor?
Can You Identify These Black Studless 2x4 Brick With Train Wheels?
Unknown Set: Spaceship?
Unknown sticker on a dark grey 1x2 tile, black lines, printed handled?
Unknown stickers with silver lines on black 2x4 tiles
About selling old LEGO
Can you identify this white, blue, and green train body?
Can I store LEGO in negative (minus) Celsius?
How To Sort Out 3rd Party Technic Clones From LEGO Originals?
What is average weight of booklets (instructions) in %?
Are LEGO Clikits elements compatible with the brick system?
What are some good purist rotacaster / omni wheel designs?
What is the origin of the 2001 BIONICLE pin?
Is there any legit positive impact of LEGO on mental health?
Official instructions for 2018 LEGO employee Christmas gift 4002018?
Are These Minifig Accessories Official LEGO Parts?
General guidelines to identify real LEGO pieces from fake or copy?
Why did LEGO switch the direction of flag elements in 2008?
Grey Clone-Brand Brick With a Single Short Tube on the Bottom?
How to distinguish official LEGO mini movies from non-official movies?
Are there more LEGO minifigures than humans?
What mini fig/set is this shirt from?
My 8880 Super Car: Quality criteria for potential buyers?
Can you identify these (possibly) LEGO horses?
What's the best way to start an 8 year old on Lego Technic building?
2 Red LEGO compatible bricks
How To Disassemble the LEGO Boost Hub?
How I can program a solar panel heliostat?
What is this heavy red LEGO piece with no obvious connectors?
Where can I find documentation on the LEGO Wireless Protocol for Powered Up devices?
You know you have been LEGOing too long when
What set do these large white pieces with Technic pins and an orange winch?
What is this LEGO Star Wars Disney box with "5 items"?
Capture video stream from LEGO Studio Camera (Logitech USB webcam) in ev3dev?
Replace Battery in LEGO Dino Attack Light-Up T-Rex Head?
What can I do with all my brick separators?
How can I assemble 2 opposing gears so that the axle rotations are perfectly parallel?
Is this non-disassemblable LEGO instruction step real?
Looking for sets to use as components of a 1930s - 1940s European city
The controversy around clone brands
Multiple powered up trains on 1 Bluetooth controller?
Are these models legit sets or MOCs?
HELP I have gotten Lego package, no box and no instructions
Can I push the train of 60052
Help identifying giant blue LEGO Bionicle set
How to install Firmware 1.10E on an EV3 home/retail edition brick
Is EV3 Device Manager still active?
My Lego Technic 42082 wheel stuck and can't move
LEGO Master Builder Academy instructions
Help Identifying LEGO With A Pink 3(｀(00) ´ )Ɛ Face
What is this from?
why isn't lego updating the 9V train sets to the current system?
Has Anyone Ever Reprinted a LEGO Powered Up Connector With A 3D Printer?
EV3 Multiple conditions: wait sensor activation for N seconds or
9398 the front wheels rotate in the opposite direction to the rear wheel
What is LEGO Xtra?
Which programming environments or APIs are available for the lego BOOST?
Problem With Bionicle Joint Sockets
How many rotations or degrees do you need to turn your robot?
Help! Unidentified #2 bag 2007!
Two LEGO Powered Up engines with reverse direction
What does each part do exactly?
Looking for an affordable high density storage solution for my individual bricks
Selling completed models
Looking for a spike
3rd Party Light Kits
What is the three-position lever in the Bugatti Chiron supposed to do?
I'd like to build a mechanism to press buttons on a remote control. What is a good basic approach to use?
Trying to identify an old LEGO plate
Color Chart Rosetta Stone
using a remote control
What is the name/part# of this round part?
Need advice re Power Functions
Where to place your own ldraw pars
Which set is this slope with holes from?
How deep can discounts on Amazon get?
A Technic set from ~1997
How much does the full-size Lego Bugatti cost?
How tall is is the Saturn V set in Lego units (studs, bricks etc.)?
What is the name or ID of this part?
Ordering of Pages in Printed LEGO Catalogues
Building advice for "hunched" mech lower torso design?
Which LEGO set did this bags 4 - 10 come from?
Help Identifying a minifigure head
Arduino-izing LEGO Technic - ideas for a car / vehicle to choose
What Is The Red Frame Piece In Picture?
42043 Mercedes Arocs Truck Crane Turntable Sticking
The Missing Handlebar
Modified 3x2 Plate with Rubber Bottom and snap-on cover?
Read power usage and respond when motor is straining
What is the model/year of an airplane with a sticker "96" on the wing?
Buy the complete EV3 set or only the brick?
How did this 1x4 plate look like before modifying?
Where is an instruction sheet for Ausini set 25418 guitar?
Why are Printed Lego Catalogues Distributed Late?
Narrow gauge train wheels metal axle?
Help identifying LEGO sets - Star Wars?
Where is the structural difference between a minifig and a minifig on a keychain?
Is this gray hook an original LEGO part?
Help identifying piece - wheels on arched base
How does the DUPLO Action Bricks work?
Can anyone identify this part?
Unsure of how to use a switch that is time dependent
Where to get bulk GBC balls?
I have bags 2 and 3 of the LEGO group 2011 but no instructions, can anyone identify these?
Parts for "Simple Machine" book by Isogawa-san?
Is this from an official set or a MOC?
What is this old dark grey lego piece?
Is there a Ubuntu LEGO manual creator?
Where to buy rare old sets?
What is this 2×8 plate slotted, rectangular studs and a hole in the middle?
Is this an original Lego part?
Please help to identify the set this sticker belongs to
Is this an original part made by LEGO?
Cleaning pieces with "new" status (Bricklink)
What is a good third party battery box and receiver?
How can I get this broken part out?
What are these parts with a hole for an axle?
What do I need to connect an old RCX2.0 to a computer and is it worth compared to just buying a new one?
LEGO set database with box dimensions
Please Help Identify These Star Wars Sets
Is it possible to sand/polish LEGO bricks?
135149 is all info I have
Help identifying set from 3 sealed bags with Star Wars figs
iNXTG app programming NXT from ipad
How to deal with hydrogen peroxide after de-yellowing?
Where to get 3D files for LEGO bricks?
How to connect an NXT brick to the LEGO programmer application on an iPad?
Can the scabbard hold a castle sword
How does one become a LEGO® Certified Professional?
Please help identify this Ausini piece
Why are different ID informations printed in the inside of the same sort of bricks?
Half sized block
Can you identify this handle-like LEGO piece?
How to mirror an EV3 motor?
Mecha Rail Launchpad Building techniques?
Identify set(s) from approximately 20 bags of LEGO
Lego adventurers set with bridge, board with mountains?
EV3 Spinner factory not moving in the right order
LEGO Mindstorm EV3 Line-With-Gaps Follower? [Robotc]
black pants (jeans?) with silver/gray pockets and gold dot
Can't link variable inside a switch when creating a new block
Is there any easy, documented or official way to replace pullback mechanism with Motor Set 8293
What minifigure has a textured lab coat?
Help identifying a 1x1 LEGO part with clip on top
What’s this piece and is it rare
Why do Star Wars sets include the Disney logo/brand name while Marvel Super Heroes sets do not?
Best Way To Make This Panel Flush With The Wall?
Is there a hobbyist standard for Trains track modules?
Using two color sensors simultaneously
Two motors are driven forward, why are they rotating in different directions?
Color sensor reliable?
Who are these Figures?
Helmet with flip-down binoculars is not in any of the databases
Improving EV3 Screen Readability
Do they have every brick type or just the basics at the PaB wall?
Which part# goes to these LEGO wedge pieces?
Transforming Lego PF protocool from philohome to Pronto Hex?
Bionicle parts for own bionicle figure
Is it possible to build 3 or more concentric circles / nested circles / telescoping pieces?
How to include submodel into main model in LeoCAD?
My LEGO character's helmet keeps falling off... Is there any way to fix?
Anyone have the control block for the hitechnic color sensors?
Submodel does not show properly in LPub3D
LEGO train 7898 Arduino Library?
Makeblock and LEGO PF cable synthesis
Can the experts Identify these sets?
Can you identify this brick?
Seeking HiTechnic Color Sensor V2 control block for EV3-G
My DUPLO railroad engine stops after 20cm
Has LEGO Made A Minifigure-Scale Shopping Cart Piece?
Are there any coding platforms for my NXT available for my IPad?
Is this an early Duplo mini figure?
What does the acronym SPUA stand for?
How can I separate an 8H antenna from a modified 1×1 with ring?
Rearing off to the left without telling it to
Mystery brick - cannot find instructions with this piece mentioned
can 2 powered up train motor be plugged into one hub
How can I separate 1 x 1 round from boat mast base 4 x 4?
Has this building technique been used in an official set?
What is a color sensor and where do you get it?
Using switch block with Hitechnic color block
EV3 Ultrasonic Sensor programm
Is there any rhyme or reason to the sizing of LEGO boxes?
Looking for custom EV3 block to control LEDs independently
Identify this fire truck set?
Lego track switch doesn't close properly
MindSqualls - can I connect more than one NXT brick using USB?
What is this part?
Why are the Lego boxes so unnecessary big?
What is the fastest way to estimate the number of pieces in a large collection?
EV3 Brick is Stuck on Red
What material is the LEGO laptop made of?
What does this symbol on the EV3 Brick mean?
Star Wars set identification 1
Star Wars set ID 2
How can you get the pipes on Steamboat Willie to work reliably?
What set does this belong to?
What LEGO pieces have "real-world" functionality?
Run Code From PC
Can someone help identify the full set from this part made car
Custom extension cables for Light Stax?
Can anyone help me identify what set this bag belonds to?
Please help with set identification from the picture of this part made car
Please help identify set from this picture of a part built boat
How to make of point coordinate system for EV3
Is there any software except SR 3D Builder with the ability to simulate the interaction of gears that doesn't require scripting?
Any (small) Lego Technic parts not in whole units?
What is this piece? 2 axle and 1 pin?
Was there ever a LEGO store in Miami International Airport?
Is there a way to restart a program with EV3?
Looking for sets with lots of printed parts or other special parts to use as components for my city
Can a v1 PF reciever power an XL motor and servo?
Who produces these sets of Venetian gondolas, and is there more of it?
How much to support a big model?
How many Star Wars Storm Troopers have there been?
Need help identify a piece
Difference between The Lego Group and Lego Systems A/S
What is the Airport Shuttle logo meant to symbolize?
What is the piece and piece number of the accessory this figure is holding?
Identify Lego set from a partly-built object with a handle and colored yellow, white, and black
Has LEGO ever been used in an assembly line or a manufacturing process?
Identify Lego set containing a trailer with light-blue & purple color theme
Lego Event in Fountain Hills arizona
Can anyone identify these 4? (Extra 1x3 brick for scale)
ID for Off-Brand 1x1 Round Plate, Stud on BOTH Sides (1 is Hollow)
Stuck on "Installing rootfs" when installing leJOS on the brick
Lego Plastic Bags #
What techniques can be employed to build a low-profile sliding door/wall?
The HiTechnic Color sensor is not detected in the port view in lab view
Identify LEGO set. Star Wars?
What does this error symbol on the EV3 mean?
How to build a roof out of LEGO blocks?
Is there a way to convert stud.io files into LDD files?
Help identify these sets/bricks
Legoings quality concerns
How to describe a building set which is like LEGO without using the "LEGO" word?
What is the purpose of the discontinuity in the DUPLO train bridge rack?
What is this minifig/minidoll (?)
Bionicle identification
What is up with Jack Stone's legs?
What is this grey LEGO light and sound element with neon green attachments?
city miniature for IoT (sensors etc.)
Why don't DUPLO figures have yellow skin?
How are the Star Wars Action Battle effects implemented?
How to debug gears in the Bucket Wheel Excavator?
Are the different LEGO Xtra play mats designed to be used together?
LEGO 42095 wheels going opposite directions
create/edit subvi's in ev3- g (labview) developer mode
Does Powered Up provide a rechargable battery box?
What ist this black 2x2 drivers torso? part without head, where/which set is it from? FOUND IT
Please help me identify this yellow part with four arms and an axle hole
Can video files created using the LEGO Movie Maker app be accessed directly?
Rare Lego Mursten box. Where can I sell it and what would I ask?
How to build an arch that is angled out of Lego?
Sorting uncertainty - are these LEGO?
Can the Powered Up Remote (latest train version) pair with the Boost Move Hub?
How do I run the Lego Technic V6 engine using a Lego electric motor?
How do the 61927 actuators work in MK II crane set (42009)?
changing ev3p file back into an ev3 project file
Identify which set these parts are from
Pin Connector 62462 vs 75535
Need help identifying these 7 lego pieces!
How to best measure compatibility among Lego and clones?
Can't identify venom/spiderman minifigures
Building techniques for designing a LEGO City Street scene?
Brick or set ID for part?
how to send direct command to ev3 brick
Lego Technic 60C01 Bore size
Are miniature blocks (like Wise Hawk or lno) legal to buy online in Europe (Hungary)?
Gluing small parts with hairspray?
What set is this from?
Can you help me recognize from which sets these minifig parts come from?
Will the LEGO MINDSTORMS EV3 software run on macOS 10.15 Catalina
What happened to "LEGO Service"?
my nxt is not updating it says it cant locate the nxt
What is the quietest LEGO motor?
Trying to identify old 2x4 plate
What minifigure is this?
I am looking for building instructions for the Megabloks Viking Ship 9604
T-R3X the look My Block problems
Restoring valuable minifigures
What ski part is this?
Help identifying Star Wars and maybe one another set(s)
Star Wars ship identification
Arduino-izing LEGO Technic - and now I need some ideas for the Lego Service Truck 8071
Is this a Lego? And what is it?
What is the identity of this bumper part from a photo?
Difference of Lego products
Ev3 PID line follower with medium motors
What is the white building pictured in the San Francisco (21043) set?
Problem-shooting on 8070 "Super Car" with Power Functions
Is there a "software" which find alternate models for owned sets?
Finding all my owned minifigs
Help identifying Star Wars
How do you make a custom Lego piece/figure?
Technic beam centering for beam with even length
What's this Colour?
Can you help me identify this set?
Can you help me identify this set? (Emergency vehicles maybe?)
Why isn't the new LEGO CV joint available on Bricklink or Brickowl?
What is the longest 1×x brick ever released?
When was this Lego Adventurers T-Shirt produced?
What are the longest 1×x and 2×x plates and tiles ever released?
online ev3 robot with laser tag
Identifying Vintage LEGO Instructions
Technic Piece needs identifying
Identification of vintage sloping window
How is this kind of structure made?
Is this a LEGO part?
How can I prevent my finger from getting injured between gears?
How to disassemble LEGO train engine base part# 28743?
Selling: Assembled or Disassembled?
Finding a Piece with a Picture
What is the rarest LEGO set ever produced?
How to make an object glow in Studio (Bricklink)
Which set is this LEGO car?
BricxCC not seeing Serial Tower in Windows 10
Which set are these Mega Bloks pieces from?
Please help identify this set & figures
Can you identify the set? Maybe a crane?
Publishing instructions for MOC based on Lego Technic set
Scarcity of electric parts: motors etc
How to distinguish between objects using a sonic sensor?
Hi. I’d Like To Identify The Bricks In The Picture
What's the time on the LEGO clock tile?
Which part is this grey pillar?
Separating old 2 x 4 brick with wheel holder
Advice on selling a lot of Lego?
Which old Technic set included large yellow motor?
Ideas to help develop a child's engineering skills?
EV3 code to walk in a star shape
