If a buddhist should not kill a mouse living in their home, what justification do they have to rid themselves of a parasite such tapeworms
Trust and Compassion
Does the saṅ­kha­ta­lak­kha­ṇa of dukkha apply to the noble path?
Are good deeds superficial?
What is the relation between Pratītyasamutpāda and Four Noble truths?
(Radical) pacifism and governmental force (army, police, etc.)
Why did the Buddha suffer before he died?
What does buddhism say about bodybuilding (and weights training)?
Action committed through self-interest
What could I say to someone when they ask me "why do you meditate?"
Looking for references to skeptical debates on the subject of rebirth
When and where were the mother and father of Buddha born?
If there is no self how can Nirvana be described as bliss?
Reflections on Repulsiveness
Tips for negotiation from Buddhism
Higher textual criticism resources
What is bodhisattvahood in personal practice?
What is morality according to Buddhism?
Paradox of the ego - our desire to improve vs Buddhism
How would Buddhist monks organize countries and the world?
Why do Bodhisattvas postpone enlightenment?
Hypocrisy of Buddhism
Buddha's past lives in the Jatakas
Scholarship and Buddhism
Words of the Buddha
Is Nirvana redundant?
Is it only a matter of time before expected feelings of "remorse or shame or guilt" surface during meditation?
How does craving (taṇhā) relate to neutral feelings?
Right livelihood - how many cutouts is enough?
How to determine Chithasikas in Naama?
What does Buddhism say about practicing Spiritism?
What is the different between Yogacara Buddhism and Idealism?
What does deathless mean?
Real Monk vs Fake Monk
Noting-Technique: How many notes per second/minute?
The buddhist dillema on lesser evil
What are the 3 recollection chants?
What are the Buddhist teachings on how best to live a married life?
Is there another term than "Mahayana"?
Desire without attachment
Is a Ghatika an ideal minimum meditation duration?
Significance of Bhikkhus uncovering their right shoulder
Does Theravadin analysis distinguish between implicative and absolute negations?
What are the reasons for and against studying other religions?
How and when does one not invest in others in Buddhism?
Can all human beings potentially be enlightened in this lifetime?
Is Yogacara Buddhism still practiced today?
Notions of self in religions that blend Buddhism and Hinduism
Are Buddhists happier than average?
Is stream entry in 20 or 30 years of practice realistic?
Does Buddhism claim perfection?
What is Buddhism?
Will Karma 'balance out' in most cases by the end of a lifetime?
Is a starving person justified in stealing food?
Was the kamikaze against the Mongol empire considered a supernatural event in Buddhism?
Doing evil knowingly and unknowingly
Why are "Fear and Shame" listed among the beautiful cetasikas?
How can the theory of emptiness be true and yet the self still transmigrates and takes rebirth?
If karma is objective, how come it's cause for "good" rebirth?
Sharing merit in Theravada Buddhism
Which sutta is this excerpt about Buddha's death from?
Does the Buddha's concept of Citta contradict the Mahayana doctrine of emptiness?
Is love a destiny or coincidence in Buddhism?
Why are Buddhas always Indian, male and human?
bhava (kammabhava, upapattibhava) and jati
Supernatural beings and the 31 planes of existence
Is there a sanskrit translation of the Pali tipitaka online?
Can phala be experienced too often?
Do five precepts protect?
If kamma is not everything, then what is that?
mind-body relationship
If Rebirth is not taken literally then why seek Enlightenment?
What is the practical effect for a Buddhist whose view is materialist?
Will I know when it's time to meditate longer?
Do any Buddhist traditions emphasize pilgrimage?
When did the Buddha get surrounded by lots of animals?
What is the historical origin of Vajrapani?
Vajra Posture vs Lotus Posture -- the same or male vs female?
How does the force of ones karma determine where the mind stream goes?
What will erase our good deeds?
Why is 'do not be unfair' not a precept? And some related questions on precepts
The purpose of associating with the wise
Is one intention better than the other?
What are the 10 Samadhis of the Avatamsaka Sutra?
New to metta meditation
What sutta refers to 'emptiness in small space'?
What is a pandaka?
Opening my third eye experience
Is time empty of inherent existence?
Does Buddhism cause longevity?
Can karma operate at the level of groups i.e. collectively?
Why does the Buddha always answer a question if asked three times?
Purpose of scattered thing or food under tree?
What is the monastic policy on family visitations?
What "religions" did previous Buddhas practice?
What is "stream"
Should I always put another person's interest before mine?
Teachings from Buddhas other than Gautama
Is it possible to be Buddhist by nature, or only by indoctrination?
Can a human being reside both in this world and Nirvana at the same time?
Do buddhists fall in love?
Is this progress in meditation?
Fun teaching techniques for children meditation class
Does Buddhism kill creativity?
What kind of births are recognized in Buddhism?
The needs of the same human being may differ at different stages of life. Can there be one Dharma for all stages?
Any instance in the pali canon where a sotāpanna born as a human?
Are there many differences between Taoism and Buddhism?
Is the skeleton meditation of Buddhist origin?
Providing a prayer for others
Are there situations where it is wise to remove oneself from parents? My philosophy is to set an example to others though the path of a bodhisattva.
Should a beginner try to educate others about the benefits of Vipassana?
What are Ekabiji?
What are Kusala roots?
Is it possible to abandon desire by means of desire
What is the resort of Nibbaana?
Three Marks of Existence in Mahayana
Does hosting guests at home with meat and alcohol (because they are fond of it) amount to aiding the guests break their Sila?
Textual reference vs. Direct insight
Is The Kālāma Sutta Really Libertarian?
Scientific Reincarnation Research
Finding Authentic Suttas
When were the earliest Buddhist writings created
How sacrosanct is the "source material" of Buddhism?
A thought-experiment about the importance of Buddhist traditions
Question about how to generate more motivation to meditate.
Did I do more harm than good?
Perception (saṃjñā) and discrimination
Equanimity in the Aghatavinaya Sutta
Five Precepts - did Buddha really preach them?
Husband and wife for hundreds of times of consecutive rebirth. How?
What is the definition of 'fool' in Theravada Buddhist text?
Did the Buddha form a monastery?
Can vipassana cause mental stress?
Was Steve Jobs a Buddhist?
Did the Buddha really say that "life is suffering"?
Ledi Sayadaw's "Anatta Dipani" in English? (And Ledi/Saya Thet relationship)
Where can I find an English translation of the Buddhavatamasaka Sutra?
Do modern-day Buddhists take "Mara The Evil One" literally?
Doing versus not doing what others tell you to do
Are there examples of humor and irreverence in Buddhist scriptures?
Is the path of enlightenment consists 7 levels?
Is it necessary for a Buddhist to believe that existence is suffering?
What's the canonical definition of end of the buddha sāsana?
Is meditating while on the bike at the gym an effective method of meditation?
How can a lay person approach the learning process of Buddhism?
What do secular Buddhists say about Nirvana?
What does the phrase "to armor oneself with vows" mean?
Can't notice the breath
Meditation Into A Dream State
Is there person without consciousness?
Can the elements of Buddhist Cosmology be confirmed?
How to address wrong view
Was The Buddha only human, or was he super-human?
Were different parts of the Pali Canon intended for different audiences?
How to work for liberating ALL living beings?
Why is a sotāpanna defined as unable to take another teacher and unable to commit matricide?
How are the 31 planes of existence (especially Bṛhatphala planes) a practical metaphor?
Getting started young with many attachments
Is there any mention of child adoption in any Buddhist writings and what is the view on child adoption with regard to Buddhism?
Is Dana (donation) more about detachment from one's possessions & to break one's ego or is it more about helping others?
Is there anything one can do to save the deceased from the consequences of their Kamma?
Quantified Self and Meditation
Ways to strengthen the perception of the breath
Near death experience and meditation
Anybody know what is Nirvana and where we can find it?
How does Dating work in Buddhism
Was Gautama Buddha a believer of the religious beliefs prevalent in his time and in his cultural context?
Won't bad karma cause a chain reaction?
What is the difference between Suttas and Sutras?
Do people in the Narakas (or non-human realms) remember their past lives?
Can one with eczema become a monk?
Is there a middle way between working towards personal liberation and liberation for all sentient beings?
How does one cultivate uplifted energy (paggaha)?
What are the unthinkable (acinteyya) dhamma?
Significance of the word "wealth" in Jaravagga
"Marks of Existence" and "Gates To Enlightenment", are they Same?
Is Mind in Buddhism connected to Brain (the physical organ)?
Can a Buddhist truthfully say, "You insulted / offended / angered / hurt me?"
Can Buddhism be "modernized" by discarding the supernatural mythological content?
What happens if a monk is called for jury duty?
Diagnose: Samatha practice led to an urge to contract PC muscle, and pleasant vibrations resulted
Does "empirical evidence" challenge "scriptural authority"?
Unconscious intention?
Is eating an apple from a tree planted right next to a granddad's tomb not permitted?
Preliminaries (common and uncommon) in Tibetan Buddhism
Can another being/thing be credited or blamed for causing your emotions?
Conventional versus Ultimate
Why do Buddhists believe there is no creator?
What are 'suttas of indirect meaning' in the Pali canon?
How does "thought-provoking dissonance" in Zen Buddhist dialectics differ from "wrong speech"?
What should you do when someone teaches false Dharma?
What is the Buddhist term for each moment being subtlety unique?
Is this aversion?
The senses, electroreception, synaesthesia
Suchiloma Sutta translation
Is 'making a strong commitment' a good idea?
In what way(s) does engaging in sexual activity affect meditation practice?
What kind of vipassana retreats do you recommend in South East Asia?
How is meditation considered a good deed?
Discernment vs. judgement in the labeling meditation
How to avoid doing things that suck the energy out of you?
How to reconcile Buddhist Cosmology with modern worldview, especially astronomy?
What are the "defilements"?
Depersonalization phenomenon as described in the Pali Canon
Teachings that Inspire Practice
Why is Rupa (not) Ultimate Reality?
Once nirvana is reached is there any connection to earth available?
What are the views considered "false convictions", and why are they false?
What does the word "world" mean in the Buddhist context?
Stream winner reborn as human
In the five paramitas, what is patience and why is it on the list?
Celibacy - why not?
Is the sound an object or an experience?
Is aversion toward unwholesome deeds normal?
How careful must monks be about their use of water?
Which aggregate appears before...perception or feeling?
Difference between "Becoming" and Anicca
Watching crime in apps or website
Mission on earth (In Buddhism)
Do you have to have certain pastlife karma to use a computer?
Five aggregates vs dependent origination
Did Mara win over Buddha?
how to label changing postures?
Difference between Samsara and Dukkha
...or does it mean that the conditions might also dependant on a or all things?
Any recommended monasteries in Sri Lanka that offer extended meditation retreats?
other models analogue of the ''five aggregates''
What is Buddhism's view on past lives?
Is radiating loving kindness increase attachment?
How is Gedhun Choekyi Nyima connected to the Buddhist community?
What are the rotating cylinders in monastries, and why are they there?
How does the buddhist teachings differentiate between reality and perception?
The desire of no desire
Are there any websites that contain Buddhist dictionaries?
Is there a defined sequence of events when a Buddhist enters a temple?
Do you become unhappy when happiness disappears?
What is considered lying in Buddhist (five) precepts?
Earth covered with water in the beginning?
How would the END look like?
In Buddhism what is 'the will'?
Is playing computer games an unwholesome activity?
Does any canonical sutta say you can attain enlightenment *while* chanting?
Is Lord Buddha's way applicable to escape from the 'Plato's cave'?
Computer Feedback in Meditation
Breath patterns in texts
Is the next Buddha the same entity/being as the previous Buddha, or another discrete being who comes to the same realizations as the previous Buddha?
Text request--Abhidhamma
Text request--Tibetan Buddhism
What is the 'key' to these tantrika works?
Why does my mind feel slow to think nearly half day after my meditation?
When do I realize that I am free from rebirth?
Is pain comprised of the four great elements?
Are there Goddesses in Buddhism? If yes, who are they?
Difficulty in realizing and actualizing precepts
How does one understand the elements of the Pure Octad in Sunlight?
Gomchen Lam Rim Text Request
Where can I find the Sanskrit versions of Tripitaka?
Can rebirth-linking conciousness (patisandhi-citta) actually be rooted in knowledge?
What to focus on between breaths
Possible to get stomach discomfort because of meditation?
What is the minimum I need to do to advance?
Five Hindrances Right Mindfulness Interrelated?
Is it possible to fly?
Was the Buddha misogynistic?
How do you decide when to stick up for yourself and when to let things go?
What does venerable Sariputta mean by "dwelling withdrawn"?
Is Physical Attraction or Appreciation of the Human Form Considered Attachment?
If there is no soul or self, why did the Buddha speak of his past lives?
What is knowledge?
Getting answers as per the perception of others only, not at all mine?
Buddhism and terminal illness
Where can I find the Chinese Canon Agama in English translation?
Is there any research on physiology of deep and long meditative states (i.e. days and weeks of sitting)?
Who is really suffering in Hell and Enjoying in Heaven?
How many types of lying?
Question on a Mahayana Sutra (Three Svabhavas)
11th Soul - last lessons
Can Buddha Damma be reduced to Paticca Samuppada?
Should a person never lie?
Is there some technique to surpass noises when meditating?
What is Karuṇā? Is 'compassion' really a good translation?
Meditation posture and language as a monk in Thailand
Has anyone seen any meditation master demonstrating abhinna or supernatural powers?
Is there a connection between Lord Buddha & Hinduism?
Does the concept of Brahma muhurta (time of Brahma) exist in Buddhism?
Devas and their appearance
What are the Devaputra / Devaputta?
What practices can aid (or not ruin) the mahasi style meditation?
When to help and when not to?
How is white lie damaging?
How do memories affect the path?
Should detachment, and letting go, be an appropriate response when you are owed money?
How is marriage after divorce looked upon?
What happens to my body when I breathe out?
What are some good sources to know more about the Buddha and his teachings
What can be done when one is having difficulties establishing a regular practice?
Is there awareness of impermanence during the formless meditations
Why did Mahayana leave out the Pali Canon?
Can a arahant recognize the spiritual attainment of others?
Where to do a 'Rains Retreat' in South Korea?
Which school is right for me?
Has any Buddhist meditator claimed that the mano-vijnana has a base to differentiate it from the other consciousnesses?
Diminished volition
How different is the lifestyle of male monks from that of the female monks?
Can anyone recommend some guided anapanasati resources on the Web?
How did this material world come into existence if the ultimate reality is voidness?
Does Buddhism allow for true randomness?
Is raping a male arahant or a non-arahant less immoral/less serious than raping a female arahant?
Good pair of earmuffs for meditation
What difference is there in reciting and listening to mantras?
Is emptiness interdependence and interrelationship?
Having trouble meditating long sessions (Physical pain)
Buddhism in ancient Arabic regions
Tips to improve mindfulness in daily life
Is it moral to trade goods?
How come SN Goenka thought that buying milk does not lead to suffering?
Trolley problem and its variants in Buddhist ethics
Where can I read more about the rare special supernatural creatures mentioned in Buddhism?
Does Jukai imply a student commitment to the preceptor?
Evidence of Pali Canon's Origin
What is Buddhism's view about debating teachings?
How to get someone to the good path who is not leading a good way of life?
What to do before correcting regrettable life choices?
What is the intermediate state before birth (Gandhabba)?
The bliss of nirvana without sensation
What happens after the great doubt of koan practice?
Reducing the power of a bad karma
How to get rid of hate?
Killing a parent and killing a foster parent
Marriage and porn
Step siblings and relationships
Why difference in karmic effect to same evil deed?
Is there a gradation of proper and improper deeds?
What is correct punishment for children?
Can we program or pre-define our last thoughts?
How to reveal truth about a liar or a person who is trying to deceive others?
Polyamory in Buddhism
Nose Object Problems
Is too much of good kamma an obstacle for enlightenment?
What is "love" to a lay person?
Killing and planing to kill
Is nirodha (cessation of suffering) dependent on the existence of suffering?
Is it important to be vegetarian when meditating "Metta meditation"?
Is watching the heart beat (instead of watching the breath) a known form of meditation?
What advice should i give for a person with self destructive thoughts?
Life's issues as a meditation subject?
Why does killing produce bad karma?
Are there rules that prevent chaos in our world?
Is there a legendary biography of Avalokitesvara/Kwan-Yin/Chenrezig?
Accurate translation of "Satipatthana Sutta"
What does the Abhidhamma say about impermanence?
Why Buddha didn't want him to be called 'friend' by the monks?
Was there a period when "Consensus Buddhism"/"Buddhist Romanticism" dominated Buddhism in the West?
Understanding anatta via "there are no computer programs" analogy
Change and decay of one's own body. How fast is it?
Did the Buddha visit modern day Assam?
Metta for dead father
What are the differences between vipassana and mindfulness meditation?
What is the real "Human Realm"
Does Buddhism teach about "Parallel worlds"
Differently able people and their "Vinyana"
What is vedanā?
Is there a link between Isolation and wisdom?
Heart Sūtra root in Pali Canon?
What is Buddhism's view on curse?
Meditation techniques used in different branches/traditions of Buddhism
What are The Four Great Elements?
How many dimensions are there according to Buddhism?
What is the modern understanding about Four Great Elements and Reality?
What makes "Dhamma" worthy of worship?
Strong blood flow when meditating
What is the best way to forget bad choices in the past?
Why is there Hindu gods in this decorated wall in the Vihara of Bhaja
Is there a name for being totally dependent?
What is the difference between "Bhāva" and "Ātman" in Pali
Is appropriate to mentally talk to myself during meditation?
Mettā Stage 4: "Difficult Person"
How to understand "Four great elements" in real life objects?
Who were the first followers of the Buddha?
Is Anatman the most important concept in Buddhism?
Who am 'I'? Verification as to the demarcations of 'Sankhara'
What word is the closest to qualia
Good works of Buddhist fiction?
What makes Lord Buddha worthy of worshiping as to suttas?
What are "Good / Correct things" to a Buddhist to do?
Help me with a paradox
Lord Buddha's First teaching and its meaning?
Is it unethical in the Buddhist view to attend work ill?
Stages of Life according to Buddhism
Suggestions for observing Uposatha on this coming Christmas
Do parents' karma affect their children?
Problems with the abdominal area while practicing Vipassana
Can someone explain "Noble Eightfold Path" in depth?
Saving for the future
Is it dangerous to focus on ticks from childhood during meditation?
When is it time to meditate and when is it time to act?
For what reason did the Dali Lama's traditional daily schedule have washing before meditation?
What are the differences between the mind and consciousness?
What is attachment as per Buddhism?
What are the results of doing meththa meditation?
Are there any unique or special versions of meththa meditation?
The terror tragedy in France in Buddhist light
Can consciousness exist externally?
What is the name in Pāli and Sanskrit for the ‘body scanning’ meditation technique?
How can Nama-rupa of Dependent Arising be same as Five Aggregates?
What "technically" happens when we chant Nam Myoho Renge Kyo?
Buddhism views on Ancestor Worship
Vipassana report on breathing
Dhamma Language Learning
Shouldn't we take Lord Buddha's word above the all others?
Buddhism view on mercy
Is all attachment equal in nature?
I'm just interested in buddhism
What if a course lacks a proper introduction to Buddhist philosophy?
Varieties of emptiness
Dependent arising
What is the best way to practice humility
Can anyone explain Sanskara / Sankara indepth?
Ignorance and the arising of dukkha
Are there any english translation of the Shobogenzo of Master Dogen?
How does one explain consistency within phenomena if the mind generates phenomena?
What is the most “genuinely Buddhist” kind of mindfulness?
Does mind ever stop?
What does it mean by perfect morality?
What is tathata?
How can killing of Muslims by Buddhists in Myanmar be justified?
Meditating with chronic illness
Bad births and not so Bad births?
Brahmas and Devas?
The Bodhisattva ideal in practice (and its relation to the Arhat ideal)
Meaning of "Body is emptiness, emptiness is body"
Beings with no Physical appearance?
Ābhassara Brahma World for anyone?
Qi gong and shamata
What is the true meaning of The Middle Way
What is the object of Faith in Buddhism
Can someone provide online resources to learn Vipassana and Metta?
Does Buddhism accept Existence?
Why do beings, even in lower/hell realms, like their lives?
Investing in Dharma?
Buddhism and addiction treatment
Karma of Birth?
Meditation - hot and expectant in the morning
Recommendation - Book for beginner
Are Buddhists happier people?
Why is only intentional action considered as Karma, which gives rise to corresponding consequences?
instant meditation - Imagining things and people in their decayed/old form?
The path of jhana vs the path of dry insight
Is ignorance a sin?
Is fourth precept personal and depends on the individual?
Music or ambient sounds for meditation?
Is there a generally agreed upon idea of what Buddha nature is?
Buddha Sasana of Ariya Maitreya Buddha
Are dreams good or bad?
Jhanas and past lives
Are Teachings developed "after the fact"?
Was buddha aware of future or future way of living?
How to differentiate between a spiritual experience and a mental disorder or delusion?
What is the role of thinking in Buddhism?
Is eating meat compatible with the training rule to abstain from killing?
What is Inner and Outer Peace and how can I achieve them?
Wearing a bracelet to remind me to be mindful
Where in the Tripitaka completion of the formation of Karmic result is mentioned?
Is Buddha immortal? (in Mahayana)
Is causing death to a person breaking any monastic rule?
Alternatives to the terms 'Hinayana' and 'Mahayana'?
How does Buddhism perceive swearing or vulgarities?
Do thoughts create karma?
Does mankind evolve or devolve spiritually?
Does the degree of the victim's sentience correlate with the kamma associated with killing it?
What is the process that creates "Saṅkhāra"
Advice for a young person living in a western city
Is a Daruma doll a good motivation to meditate ?
Secularized Buddhism
Male & Female - Is gender an illusion?
Lord Buddha descending from heavens?
mindfulness thinking about future and past?
accepting what i have vs. making plans for better future - good or bad?
How can fiction writing be best used for achieving enlightenment?
Why talk and think about self as noun?
What Pali and English words are translations of the Norwegian words for ‘reality’?
What are the criteria for calling someone a high or low capacity?
What does merit (puṇya/puñña) actually mean?
Is ignorance/unawareness Dukkha?
Does Buddhism have a model of practical rationality?
Koans for beginner - dos and don'ts?
Should Buddhists only cultivate native plants?
Has the law of karma evolved/is it evolving?
Why sitting meditation, and is vippasana and breath meditation sufficient?
What are we supposed to do while meditating?
Is Buddhism life negating?
Buddha's omniscience
Different realms,Different beings,Different times - How do they understand what we are saying?
Death vs Birth - Birth & Death of what?
Sleep - What about it?
Do predatory animals gain bad karma?
Saying Grace before meals
Dream journal - what to focus on?
Mindfulness of feelings and emotions
Feeling guilty of something I did
Shamata - attention on upper lip, diaphragm or belly?
Satipatthana sutta in english AUDIO
Information on string ceremony
Compassion for all sentient beings
What is a "sentient being" in Tibetan Buddhism?
According to Buddhism, what separates humans from animals?
Where is the complete William Hamilton's "Saints and Psychopaths"?
Am I "fooling" myself?
Eyes in Meditation Practice
What does Buddhism say about creativity and spiritual development?
Is ignorance a form of superstition?
Are reasons causes?
Cultivate wisdom or work on compassion?
Beings who are not aware of their own existence?
Exercise for meditation sitting
What is Buddhism "for" (in favor of)?
Wisdom in practice
How do different traditions define "intoxicant"?
Reference request: blame as the source of anger?
How are expectations seen in Buddhism?
Does samsara exist or not exists?
Samsara and States of Being (reference request)
Reference request: no rest for those with ill will
Reflexive awareness?
How does one do mindfulness of breathing with relaxation?
Thoughts in Daily Life
What number Jataka tale does this story come from?
When are you a Buddhist?
What's the Buddhist perspective on permanently eradicating bedbugs? (Extinction)
Training with both Zen and Rimé
How is a Dalai Lama chosen? And can it be a woman?
Did Buddha say "this is the Middle Way"?
Importance of Tipitaka in Mahayana Schools
What is the definition of passa ?
Metta and Loving-Kindness as a Team
Ajahn Brahm stated that he ate snakes and frogs during his training, does this mean that it is acceptable to kill animals?
Resources to study the Abhidharma in the East/North Asian schools of Buddhism (e,g, Mahayana, Tibetan, Yogacara, Dharmaguptaka, etc.)
What are good resources to study the historic evolution and comparative studies of Abhidhamma
What are good resources to study the Abhidhamma of Central/South Asia Schools (e.g. Sthaviravāda, Sarvāstivāda, Dharmaguptaka, Mūlasarvāstivāda, etc.)
Monastery or Temple in California
How can you use daily walks for spiritual growth in Diamond Way Buddhism?
Between death and offence what is the choice?
Is it possible to achieve universal detachment? How?
Female Zen teachers and writers
Playing repetitve music as meditation practice
What are the Ānāpānasati Kammaṭṭhāna as Taught By Ven. Kiribathgoda Gnanananda Thero
What is a phenomenological perspective?
My thinking mind as subject of my meditation stops my thinking
Candrakirti - what was his most important contribution?
How and when did the name "Buddhism" appear?
Panic arising during contemplation about 4 elements
What does Diamond Way Buddhism say about obstacles at times of becoming more conscious?
Doing daily or complex activities without attachment
Was the 'I' gone (for a moment)?
Samsaric knowledge
Contemplating during meditation
Celebrate Christmas
What is the Origin and History of Milindapanha?
Stages of the Bardo
Isn't it insane Bodhidharma cut his own eyelids?
Why is my head going all Poltergeist on me
Meditation outdoors
Iconography in Buddhism - from the Greeks? And why isn't the Buddha bald?
Rationalism and The spirit of inquiry
What makes Brahmas come back to human world at death?
Maintaining respect to their previous faith while explaining Buddhism to a person who is in another school of Buddhism or another religion?
Tibetan Mahayana
Teachings regarding Veneration/Respect (as one of the traditional 10 meritorious deeds)
Did Manjushri, Vajrassatva, Avalokiteshvara live?
What are the Major Meditation Traditions / Masters in Laos / Cambodia / Vietnam?
Mindfulness when sick?
How does this piece of Vasitha's yoga fit with Buddhist thought?
Are mindfulness and flow related
Why does/would a "Bodhisattva" burdens himself and instigate others as well?
Can anyone recommend a good diacritic keyboard for rendering Pali, Sanskrit, etc?
Spirits in Buddhist Folklore
What is the best way to develop a mind observation habit?
Right view of the external modern world
Software programming/Art and Buddhist Practice - Pursuing creative activity
live as if it was your last day?
Is Mindfulness the same as having an Observer?
Pure Land Schools' version of the Three (or Four) Marks of Existence
Is the path an individual journey?
Not getting what one wants as a good thing or something to be thankful
What is the origin of the Buddhist expression "Practice as if your hair is on fire"?
What force keeps you bonded to samsara?
Are Bodhisattvas real human beings we can encounter?
Buddha Statue Identification and Explanation
What are good Buddhist Blogs / articles sites / resource sites out there?
What Changes have Happened to the Pali Canon?
Understanding that Perception and Consciousness are temporary
Is really that "Breath Stops when Thought Stops"
What is the goal of Meditation- is it increasing the gap?
How to completely be aware of each moment?
Do thoughts 'create' vedana?
What are the suttas in which the Buddha provides instruction on how to meditate?
Is attachment to the word "Meditation" a problem?
What gets tired or feels hungry? Experiment
Can I wear pendant that's symbol of peace?
U Ba Khin and his reference to Parajikan Atthakatha
Realization of Anatta
Arhat Culapanthaka's display of psychic powers to a layman (DP Verse 25)
What's the role of the detailed descriptions of the other planes of existence? Why it was important for the Buddha to tell them?
What Ahosi kamma really is?
In which current societies mainstream Buddhism is relevant for daily life?
One Sutta / Text which covers all of Buddha's Teaching
What are the different ways of protecting one's practice?
How to cultivate sexual energy with Meditation?
What did the Buddha say about reincarnation?
Do the gods help us if we pray to them according to Buddhism?
How does one practice suffering well?
Should mantras always be sung in Tibetan/Pali/... or may I sing them in my native language?
Why does Milinda step into Nagasena's trap?
Soul that splits in seven parts
Can't I listen any kind of music by 7th percept?
What is Buddhist law of marriage ? Is there any?
Should a Monk speak out in favor of doing good?
Talking about Dharma - is it worthwhile?
Why do the scriptures employ so much repetition?
Different transmissions for reciting various versions of a same mantra acc. to any of Vajrayana branches
Bare awareness while meditating in the Mahasi Sayadaw tradition
Detachment : What are we really parting from?
Meditating as sleep aid
Miracles from Lord Buddha vs messages from Gods?
In Depth Study of today's Dharma Teachers teachings
Which is the most read journal on Buddhism?
What is the meaning of *suffering*?
Psychic Powers and the Kevatta Sutta (DN 11)
Meaning of Dhamma for lay
Is intention and purpose the same?
Rituals in Buddhism
Which Chinese Buddhist schools were gradualist?
What's the role/relevance of drugs when Arada taught Buddha?
Buddhist councils and government involvement?
What is the meaning of "gross or subtle" physical food as nutriments?
Is the Ocean Samadhi a metaphor or an actual meditation?
Gender : Is it truly what it seems?
Can one alter the 6th precept to accommodate one's family or daily routines?
Does the fifth precept ban smoking?
Pāramitāyāna and Tantrayāna
Can cold showers benefit or harm our practice (our concentration)?
Burst bubble : How to deal with a traumatizing event?
Miscarriages & Natural abortions as a result of evil beings?
Why monks have to take alms for their food?
Confused about partner's practices. Need advice
Relationships : What is Love?
What is the difference between a habit and an addiction?
How to remove dullness of mind, without sitting meditation, in regular activity?
Can a Buddhist be ambitious?
What exactly did Lord Buddha say about Size of Atom?
Is the path considered or viewed as being selfish?
why i am unaware, not awake?
What is right gifting?
Any cure for blurred vision after sitting with eyes half-open?
What does Buddhism teach about fear of success?
To what level can be said that Buddha 'followed' the dzogchen?
Did the Buddha ever cure someone?
Do Cittamatra / Yogacara explicitly refute the existence of an external world?
What are signs of the three marks of existence?
Buddha as "lord" and Buddha as "choosing" his followers
When is the right time to meditate?
Does levitation really exist?
How to overcome the suffering of attachement to the body's continued existence (in Western modernity)?
Watching Darma Talks on 2x Speed
Did Japanese Buddhists once use sky burial?
What are the issues related to medical treatment that prolongs life of questionable quality?
Symbols of mercy in Buddhism?
Does Buddhism explain the past karma, and rebirth, of a short-lived fetus?
Is is better to search for the stages of insight while meditating or to allow them to arise "naturally"?
Views of world during insight meditation
Does thinking during an action improve the quality of the action or reduce it?
Did the Buddha have special instructions to deal with masturbation?
Did anyone equate the tathagatagarbha with the past?
Shoshin in regular buddhism
Did Buddha walk on water? Was Jesus trained as a Buddhist?
Ultimate existence and the self in Mahayana
Is Chant of Metta from Tipitaka?
If you were going to explain Dharmakāya to someone who has never encountered the topic prior, where would you begin?
Should a Buddhist go to the gym?
When did Shakyamuni became buddha?
Can one be a part-time monk?
Do Buddhist monks live an ascetic life style?
Two interpretations of the three levels of suffering, Dukkha Sutta and Tibetan
How to balance samatha and vipassana practice?
Why Shakyamuni Buddha choose Indian subcontinent as a favorable place to teach Buddhist way of living?
Meditation for Psychosis
Which are the best Thai amulets for love, job, and career?
Conceptual reality, mettā, ignorance
Body feels like crying
Is the determining thought moment (vottopana) based entirely off of past karma?
What does the Buddha mean by this quote?
Has Ram Bahadur Bomjon already proclamed that he is a Buddha?
Are there any descriptions of the deathless/unborn in any tradition of Buddhism?
Is it important that the reality of things doesn't exist, instead of just behaving like things don't exist?
Does the Pali Canon say anything about duty to siblings?
Mindful meditation, problems with anger. Where do I find other Buddhist for learning support?
How can an arahant still perceive without ignorance?
Do geshe degrees change over time?
Why are beings born?
Does "which is void of formations (conditioned phenomena) since it is the cessation of them" refer to nibbana or the knowledge that abides in nibbana?
Didn't Buddha Say The Biggest Fault Of Humanity Was Idol Worship
How does the story of General Siha's Meal for the Buddha at Vaisali vindicate the Buddha?
Loss of "faith" in buddhism
Law of Karma in the Buddha's own words
Did the Buddha Meditate?
What is the Sutra where The Buddha says that he has taught only a fraction of what he knew
Animisa Locana Pooja. Is it really what it is?
Total number of beings in the entire space as we know is constant? Increases? Decreases?
Are there problems from mixing different sources of teachings?
Is Buddhism the Way of Truth?
Similarity between creation in Abrahamic religions and beginning of life in Earth mentioned Agganna Sutta?
Four Noble Truths contradicting?
Sallatha Sutta and modern psychology
Can meditation change your hormone and neurotransmitter system?
Does meditation giving you 'joy' because there is lack of suffering, or does it give something positive?
Why did Dr. BR Ambedkar convert to buddhism?
What were the last word of Lord Buddha according to different schools of Buddhism?
No aim. No perspective. Begin of 30y. Scared about political-decisions. Paranoid. What should I do?
I would like to become Buddhist
8 causes of Earthquake - Maha-parinibbana Sutta
Some daily-life examples to help explain what 'mindfulness' and 'mindless activity' are?
I am having hyper vigilance issue in my daily life
What is a nirvana?
I am looking to learn about the philosophy of Tibetan Buddhism. Does anyone know the proper order in which to learn the texts?
Faintness of Object of Meditation
Can somebody explain me this Kalachakra print?
Why was Lord Buddha reluctant to ordain females as Bhikkuni initially?
Does evolution contradict Buddhism?
Losing in thought and autopilot kicked in
What are the 8 Consciousness in Chinese Buddhism
Is it fair to ordain a child even when they refuse?
Doing a wrong thing for the right reasons?
What is meditation and are we dulling the mind through what is considered formal meditation?
Life after death
Looking for a letter exchange between Zen Teacher and (female?) student
Why is dukkha bad?
Birth of Buddha
Should we "ignore" feelings while being mindful and aware of the present moment?
Is homosexuality a sin?
Thought or intention is always karma?
Killing a bigger animal causes more bad karma than killing a smaller animal?
Is there a Sanskrit (not Pali) version of the Five Precepts?
what the buddha said about his own karma?
Forced conversion
Sutta Reference, perception, judgment
Why doesn't a person cease to exist as soon as becoming an arahant?
How Does Buddhism Handle Internal Conflict
How to avoid Tattling
Buddhism and economics
Betraying People
Are there meditations for forgiveness?
Losing interest in Samsara and transformation one undergoes when following Buddhism
Why is human population increasing? Better kamma?
To what extent can Ānāpānasati be related to Vipassanā?
Is there an eBook reader compatible Tripitaka?
What is the purpose of the 5th precept?
Not listening to parents is bad karma?
Head oscillations, magnetic force movement, dizzy head after Vipassana
Best type of meditation for attention
Which Hindrances are counteracted or enhance by the 37 and Jhana Factors?
Looking for a complete list of how the 37 factors are balanced
"Human Dignity" in Buddhism
How to find motivation to overcome a hindrance in the moment of truth?
When you are an enlightened Buddha do you have no more worries or fears and desires?
Laying down for the benefit of all sentient beings
Who is ignorant and when does one realize that one is ignorant?
What does Buddhism say about how to manage other people's anger?
obligation to render justice?
What are metta and karuna?
How is the faculty of persistence developed?
Earliest occurrences of meditation?
Love versus Hatred
Has Buddha Gautama ever had problems with some autorities about his teachings and way of live?
Should I use autosuggestion to make myself meditate
Is Buddhism "opposed" to striving, or working towards a goal that you really want
Do the scholastic sects say that chan practice is something separate from themselves?
Does buddhism allow for families?
What would be some Japanese Buddhist/Shinto routines or rituals that households will do?
What are the main differences between Buddhism and Ellen Langer's 'scientific mindfulness'?
Where is the description of the vow and the Bodhi tree?
How do I do "contemplation of death" meditation? And is it dangerous?
what to do, when you can't meditate?
Do domesticated animals have control over their karma?
Is contemplation of death auto-suggestion?
What is the "nature of reality" according to the Buddha?
Does rebirth conflict with evolution?
I enjoy sex just like I enjoy good movie. What is wrong about it?
Concept of "gods" in Vajrayana Buddhism
Jhāna, seeing the welfare of self and other
Where do Hell Guards fall?
How can one point to one's consciousness?
problems with meditation in the morning
Is the Buddha God?
How many monks required to ordain or create new Sangha?
How should one look at buddhist mythologies and cosmologies from a scientific perspective
Does knowing Pali/Sanskrit (and to which level) give one more insights while reading Buddhist scripts?
How does the Dhamma reconcile slavery?
Why do Buddhists cremate instead of burying?
Can someone point me the Sutra that explains the fall of Human civilization?
Relics/ dhathu have supernatural powers?
Buddhist point of view in the research process
Is being skeptical bad?
where we put the meals after offering to the Buddha?
Where to find multilingual and/or beautifully typeset Buddhist texts?
Can you point me some Sutras on Buddhist Cosmology?
Was the Buddha against violence in all situations?
Decline and the ending of Buddhism
Zen & Dukkha -- Is Everything Suffering?
How does the first noble truth associate dukkha with each of the five skandhas?
What's the difference between perception and consciousness?
Explain this Theravada Wheel of Life?
How to get rid of "Ego"
How to deal with people giving reviews to the teaching?
Why do we believe it?
If sex is prohibited, how do we survive?
Is it a lie to not report income in taxes?
Does hell exist in Buddhism?
Is Buddhism hell falsely claimed on wikipedia?
How to balance an attitude of "effortless non-striving" with proper posture?
Is non-emptiness empty?
How worried should one be about the lay precepts?
Metta towards yourself - useless?
What are the occasions did Panchasika or Pansilu meet the Buddha
Conditions to break a precept
Lord Buddha's Noble values
How can the idea of reincarnation be true if all the information of who we are is already destroyed
Should I practice Anapana after 10 day Vipassana course?
four types of beings (reference searched)
How do I prevent non-buddhists from going against fourth precept?
Is forgiving someone an issue in Buddhism and what does it mean?
Lack of Grasping of the Object of Meditation
Can Buddhism be harmful?
What is the perfect truth in Tientai Buddhism?
How to bless someone?
Unguided retreat
What is the destination of a Buddhist?
Tikapatthana in English
role of imagination
Being mindful sitting/working on a computer
Unnecessarily Complicated Analysis of Anapanasati
Is anxiety connected to the three unwholesome roots?
I get rapid eye movement as soon as meditation starts
What is "thukdam"?
if rebirth/reincarnation is true then what is your first birth/incarnation?
Observing sensations during normal time.
watching myself everywhere?
What is the water filter of Koṇāgamana?
Question about Nichiren Buddhism
In the book Parallel Worlds, does Michio Kaku believe in Nirvana and Genesis?
What are habits in buddhism?
How to practice mindfulness during job hours
Attachment to body and bodily sensations
Need advice on how to handle my emotions
Can bad kammas be eased by apologizing?
In Buddhism, is Escapism seen as a bad thing to take part in?
Which are the Buddhist vows?
Does loving kindness meditation help beings other than the practitioner?
Buddhist Prayer Beads, Malas
What is reincarnation?
Infidelity and Forgiveness guidance
Can a Buddhist use antibacterial soap?
Shaking REM and movement
How to achieve consciousness in nirvana?
First Lay Teachers
The Nine Devices
Why didn't some of the previous Buddhas preach the code of discipline?
How to not let the attachment to a self and its preferences influence the choice of a particular tradition in buddhism?
I only know that I will know nothing: can that ever have any currency for Buddhists?
How does the Buddha define "atheist"?
Term for instructual terms
Why are buddhists hostile?
What arises first - feeling of object or visual representation of object?
What are the differences between meritorious acts and wholesome acts?
Why intake of intoxicating substances is not included in 10 unwholesome actions?
Looking for a clear explanation of "interdependent origination" in English (one that doesn't rely a lot of Buddhist terminology)?
Did Buddha forbid paying respect to deities of contemporary traditions?
The Law of One Form
Is observing the start-middle-end of breath a correct practice in Anapanasati meditation?
Did the Buddha make any reference to Krishna and Gita?
Eating meat and buying meat
Did the Buddha ever teach that we have a special responsibility to those we have injured?
Are there any strict Soto Zen teachers online that I could listen to?
In which language or languages were most of the sutras compiled?
What is the, "Counterfeit Law" as referenced in Lotus Sutra
Can the dharmakaya buddha be manifest as human?
Are there buddhists who criticize Eckhart Tolle as it is not really a buddhist teach? If so, what is their critique?
What would Buddha advise to farewell when one of your parents died?
self esteem and the need to feel proud of ourselves
If you are/become very sensitive for sounds what could be the reason/cause?
What is the mean of 'samma ditti' in Ariya-Ashtanga Marga?
Monks chosen for Tibetan Telepathy
How did Buddha Explain the Creation Of the World?
Is there a standard way to cite Buddhist scriptures?
Is Being a Bartender Considered Right Livelihood
Beginner: Should I switch to a less advanced samatha practice?
Wallace's samatha practice, based on Padmasambhava: Am I doing it right?
Ajahn Brahm versus others
What can I do to help avoid laxity while meditating lying down?
What are some of the best practices for generating loving kindness?
What is useless/meaningless speech?
Hard not to control my breathing
Is it possible to use meditation to gain Self control?
What is the proper Vajra Guru mantra?
Translating "dukkha" as "reactivity"
Are the Sins in dreams, sins?
Did Buddha ever deny the existence of God?
Going to first session
Are buddhists also called brothers and sisters?
What is the difference between kilesas and asavas?
Rebirth, transfer of memories, what is it?
Does the level of awareness of an awakened buddhist also stay the same event when he sleeps?
Is Schopenhauer's "the Will" equivalent to "the Mystic Law"?
Are chakra's used in Buddhism?
Can Dukkha be considered as the consequence of a psychological allergic reaction?
How to develop compassion while avoiding attachment?
I was wondering about deep meditation and out of body experiences
Tiredness and Meditation
During Anapana, why does the breathing become slower and slower as we progress?
What is the buddhist conception of light?
How much should i try while meditating?
What to do when a thought comes up while meditating
What is the school of Buddhism that believes in God?
If there's no "self" then why should I care about the future lives and nirvana?
What does Buddhism say about the existence of a self?
Is practising mindfulness ever a bad idea?
Where can I learn more about 孔明點將?
Does the Maha Parinirvana Sutra acknowledge the existence of eternal spirit/soul?
Heaven and Hell in Buddhism
Animals and humans in Science vs. Buddhism
Mindfulness with Pride, Anger, Hatred
Secular Motivation
Importance of Posture in Meditation
Are the positive qualities of enlightenment ultimate or conventional realities?
Meditation and Materialism
Are the Buddhist sutras 100% verified if applied in life?
Investing in poultry stocks and Buddhism
Notion of good and bad in Buddhism
Is nirvana just the end of a causal series?
Do you think that this Laughing Buddha Restaurant sign is a disrespect?
The fear of committing to a monastic lifestyle
Observations appear as thoughts
Asking about Parent-Child relationship karma. Is it bad if I don't wanna go visit my dad?
Should a bikkhu avoid eating sashimi?
How does one become a "Māra"?
Why is the Heart Sutra so important in Mahayana Buddhism?
Peculiar Experience of Shamatha / Vipassana
Should a Buddhist lay-practitioner schedule his/her daily life
Is low self-esteem a Western phenomenon?
What is the best introductory (but comprehensive) book on SECULAR Buddhism?
Would a skin condition stop someone becoming a monk?
How integral is the synergetic aspect of buddhism?
Is this a passable translation of Dogen's "without thinking"?
How do the four marks (cessation, change, etc,) build?
sense of achievement oriented behavior
All kammas have to be experienced or not?
Kammas are imponderable?
Did the Buddha say "There is no path to happiness.. "?
Are there things that one shouldn't be mindful of?
practicing the brahma viharas in meditation
How should one practice Dhamma in order to overcome loneliness?
How open are current Zen Buddhism masters to teaching westerners?
What is Lo Jong mind training?
Infidelity in marriage
I saw a cat killing a mouse. Could have stopped it, but didn't
Does the Buddha specifically said about saving environment?
Death according to various schools of buddism
measuring spiritual growth
Why can't the Dalai Lama be a vegetarian?
What do you think would be a good way to explain death to a child, from a Buddhist perspective?
How can we view the statement that “life must be understood backwards but must be lived forwards" from a Buddhist perspective?
A few quetions on metta
Want a simple explanation that sense restraint is an important aspect of ethical conduct, for a loved one who is not into Dhamma
Alternative to lying?
Escaping "certain death" in the Mahayana tradition: does it occur in India?
Do any of scholastic currents conclusively affirm or deny that there are any facts at all?
Mindfulness Based Stress Reduction
What would you say about being overly optimistic or overly pessimistic about the ways of approaching the path?
Goal of Meditation
text for the 2013 course: Shamatha and the Bodhisattva Way of Life. Class 2 on Motivation and 7 Point Mind Training
How is the "self" able to recognize the interplay between the cognitive process and "desire"?
What does Buddhism say about success?
Jivaka Sutta on three conditions
Do we reduce hindrances gradually?
How is the Anatta (not-self) doctrine useful?
Which suttas in the Pali canon give instructions for how to cultivate equanimity?
Is hate meant to be useful in any way?
Bad Ordinations?
Reference request: Can a king rule justly without killing?
Is it not conceit when you compare yourself to other people?
As a disciple of the Supreme Buddha, what would you do with an animal that is in severe pain?
The idea of transfer merit
Physics in Buddhism
Remembering past lives
What is a Buddhist ceremony or service called, and what day of the week is it likely to be?
what similes buddha gave for removing defilments
Naraka/hell realms in Buddhism
Doctor assisted suicide - does doctor break the first precept?
Sudden arising of disgust
When is it okay to think?
Is enlightened cognition more than its parts?
Keeping rooted in the present in the face of past realities
Is generating intention necessary?
Does Nagarjuna's Middle Treatise 24:18 teach real knowledge?
If a Buddhists was trapped with a predator animal in a cage, would they kill it?
Does the universe ever end?
Is it possible to be reborn for all eternity?
Is there any meaning, which I am supposed to untangle, to things I saw during meditation?
Why have a legal/ justice system? Let karma take care of things?
Vipassana Bhavana
Over expectations and overconfidence
How long do blessings last?
Why do I have to suffer due to a thing that a person in a past life has done that I have no control over?
Why is fasting allowed in Buddhism?
Scared of growing old – living in the moment
What happens when your tank is empty, and you’ve got nothing left to give?
If someone insults you what should you do?
Being called Buddhist
New to Buddhism
Individuality vs rebirth
Benefits of sleeping in a sitting posture
Buddha's knowledge of prior births
How do we know that the suttas talk about past lives?
Insights of the Middle Path
A pigeon settled on my balcony. What should I do?
Sutta with firefly simile
Receiving blessings for a baby at a temple
State between Equanimity and 1st or 2nd or further path
Buddhists are rather serious people, won’t wear make-up and never have any fun
How should I stop thinking that I am even slightly enlightened?
Momentum Within Meditation
A man asks Buddha about god's existence
Are the movie Fight Club, and Project Mayhem in it, buddhist?
Is Buddhism about being less "sensitive"?
Mindfullness or Self Consciousness (Introvert's Struggle)
Is the principle of rebirth falsifiable?
With my interpretation of 'rebirth', can I become a Buddhist and become accepted within a Buddhist community?
Does MN 60 contradict SN 12.15? If so, why is it so?
Addicted to a particular pleasure even when you know it has its drawbacks.
Is detachment all about not giving damn to peoples/things?
Mind full Meditation
I am hearing buzzing, humming sound in silence. Is this problem with my ear or its progress in meditation?
Doubt in being mindful when two tasks are going to happen?
Theravada - Death and rebirth
How should the terms 'kaya, vaci & citta sankhara' be translated?
Good method to start finding the core values of Buddhism?
Why is nirvana not mara?
What is the difference between nama-rupa and the five skandhas?
Body scanning feels a little stressful
Is it okay to seek financial gains as a layman?
'Kaya-sankhara' in Anapanasati & Paticcasamuppada? Are they related?
Doubt while Meditating regarding Breath
Is it helpful, how is it possible, to deal with anger by 'accepting' it with equanimity?
Two-arrows paradigm (Sallatha Sutta) -- in the Mahayana?
Is dukkha conventional or ultimate? Is it different from the other two marks of existence?
Right livelihood with modern (potentially dangerous) products
If a monk sees a pin in his path, will he step on it and accept pain?
Wish to Circumambulate around Mt. Kailash
Reference request: three types of actions
Sampajañña: what is the correct action?
Question on sexual immorality and a family situation
Is this desire, to not be friendless anymore, healthy?
My interests have changed. I wonder how to keep my previous life?
Are the formless jhanas without any consciouness of form at all?
Are there meditation practices that improve logical problem solving skills?
How to make sense of the Heart Sutra
Was Buddhism a rebellion against the Aryans?
Should I help an aggressive panhandler?
What does love means?
Origin of the Thai letter ฑ (tho montho)
Are the thirty-one planes of existence real places or just metaphors?
How much faith do you need to become a buddhist?
Is preparing eggs for a meal considered as sinful in Buddhism?
Prohibitions against eating certain animals?
Problem solving attitude
What does it mean when something has "no self-nature"?
What we have to do for bad karma from a prior life?
How does Buddhist (supra-mundane) Happiness differ from ‘mundane’ happiness?
Where do “new” humans come from?
What is the appeal of not Re-incarnating?
How to Attain Peace?
Knowledge as a bad thing
Which is the Buddhist holy book? Where can it be read?
Is space impermanent?
How is it wrong to believe that a self exists, or that it doesn't?
Auto-suggestion and buddhism and how to use it
prior life what hope can we have related to our present life?
What is the meaning of the Zen quote: "Before Enlightenment chop wood, carry water. After enlightenment chop wood, carry water"?
Credible Modern Videos/Stories of Buddhist Six Paranormal Powers
Does 'right speech' prohibit expressions which "hate" anything at all?
Escape the suffering?
What are the differences between the three types of becoming?
Is it counter productive to accumulate a lot of ideas while meditating?
Awake mind after meditation
Lay arahants mentioned in the Pali Canon
Is it possible to "naturally" reach the first three jhanas
Has there ever been a systematic persecution of Buddhist heretics?
Sexual misconduct, what is it
How should a disciple of the Buddha with great samadhi verify that rebirth occurs after physical death?
Does the Nihilism view (natthika-dithi) actually deny rebirths?
How to meditate, lower parts of Dependent Origination?
How important is the surangama sutra in cotemporary buddhism?
The Dangers of an Extended Meditation Session
Why worship Buddha?
what is the purpose of the Buddhist marriage ceremony?
How to emotionally cut free from an individual?
How to practice without a teacher?
Can effective altruism (specifically Earning to Give) and Buddhism co-exist if Earning to Give was done to the extreme?
According to "proper speech" in Buddhism's eight-fold path, is cursing allowed if it's necessary to get the point across?
Who follows which yana (Vajrayana, Hinayana or Mahayana)?
Is physical pain only 'remembered' or 'anticipated' so actually there is no pain? If so, how to understand?
What is the best meditation practice to fall asleep?
Even if those offended are just ignorant about the word "Hinayana", why use it?
Does the Buddha like dogs?
Did lord buddha preach not to get angry even if a leg is cut?
What does Buddhism say about dealing with negative people?
If we tell lies to save lives, will that be a sin?
Feeling of Superiority and what to do about it?
How To Follow Buddhism Without Offending
Did the Buddha talk about karma and sexual misconduct independent of the lay precepts
The object of meditation
Did Shakyamuni Buddha say anything in regard to fear
Should sensual pleasure be actively avoided, rather than simply not sought? I am particularly interested in regards to taste
What were the Buddha's meditation methods and practices during his pre-enlightenment wandering years in India?
is the 'magical'/spiritual world another dimension of mind and thus an illusion
Why I'm feeling hopeless about life?
How are the importance of sutras determined?
Does being Emotionial generate new sankaras?
What can I do regarding Non-Self
Being assertive/manipulative
In Buddhism what is love meant to be and how is it shown and can two people love each other?
aswaha and katawaha in Buddhism
How to understand Buddhism original dogma?
Is it sinful to masturbate in Bhutanese variety of Vajrayana?
Sequence in the noble eightfold path
What is Zen, what are Zen beliefs, and why is it called Buddhism?
third eye experience of mindful breathing
To introduce Dharma, what categories of people are there?
Hosting people who are making me feel angry
In short, what is the path to enlightenment? Where to begin?
Goddess in Buddhism
Questions about cetasikas
The Four Nutriments: what do the metaphors in SN 12.63 mean?
How should somebody who has developed samadhi verify that rebirth occurs after death?
Is there a budhistic way to experience suppressed emotions?
How does extinction fit in the 12 links?
the Pair of Knowing and Object
How to practice Mindfulness Meditation?
Basic dharma theory tells me that it is definitely not possible to perceive both fingers simultaneously
How do i Focusing on the breath and letting thought go
altruism or being used?
Is it possible for a human being to live without the mind?
Interdependent origination
What is the difference between Enlightenment and Nibbana?
Watching the flow or flow?
Should I meditate on one thing or just any sensation that arise?
What does "joy" mean in the phrase "dharma gate of great ease and joy"
Principles of moral conduct
'Dukkha': What is the difference between 'suffering' & 'unsatisfactoriness'?
In what ways you advance on the path ?
Are there any body who achieved Nibbana currently (in the current world)
Breath mediation during daily acvities
What are the cylinders in front of the Buddha statue at Nanzō-in Temple, Japan?
Can an ordained person keep a late sleep schedule?
Four great elements : what is the other 2 elements?
How do you know if you have attained Nibbana?
Technique for Concentrative Meditation
jhānas, Zen, and how to practice concentration meditation
How can I make amends with the one I wronged?
Awareness in the body : ticklish/tingling feeling
Are there studies about the difference between meditating in the morning versus in the evening?
How to understand a patient's coma status in Buddhism
History of refuge in the 3 jewels
Does God exist in Buddhism?
Reference points
Can you reference an article which (dubiously) claims that the Pali Canon is an invention of Western Orientalists?
Pali Linguistic Algorithm?
Correct meditation Technique
What are the benefits of caring parents?
What does dogen's genjo-koan mean?
contentment, complacency, sloth/torpor
Does it make any sense to read the four noble truths parallel to the Buddhaghosa's 4 interpretations of the nidanas
How are Prasangika and Svātantrika different?
In this present time, can we go to Nirvana?
What is the meditation position in which Ananda thero became an arahant?
Who was the buddhist figure who forbade writing what he said, and whose disciples instead wore paper robes?
A question about mental states in meditation
The pali word for this concept
Will earth become a planet without Humans?
Difference between satipatthana and vipassana
How does one practice mindfulness during thinking - e.g. thinking about how to solve a problem?
Where does it say Siddhartha Gautama mastered all types of meditation?
If Buddhism is about moderation, then why is it that you can attain nirvana only after renouncing worldly possessions?
Was the prohibition on eating dinner health advice?
Be like water - but what if i fail
How many countries did Lord Buddha travel?
Why should I study the Suttas?
How to develop Chanda?
How does Buddhism explain consciousness if there is no self?
What does "abandoned for no future renewed existence" mean in this sutta?
Meditation, compassion: How to handle people who dominate you in the office?
What to do for fasting on full moon?
What are the broad categories of the different types of meditation?
Should I consider multitasking while listening to audiobooks? Is it a danger to mindfulness?
Reasons against practicing insight meditation as a main (sitting) practice for medical or other recondite-subject majoring students?
How to get to Nirvana?
Chop wood, carry water: why?
Why the Buddha abandoned asceticism
The mind during Shikantaza
Are philosophers today misunderstanding 'emptiness' because of a new metaphysics?
Did I describe the following concept correctly?
Which materials exist on the construction and origin of kōans?
Cyclical time in Buddhism
The healing Bodhi tree for Shakyamuni Buddhas long term sitting?
Separating meditation into vipāssana or samatha
How to improve mindfulness of thinking?
Can anyone identify which suttas these quotes (having to do with the sense of self) come from?
Sensory Deprivation tank
Does Buddhism claim that our World is an illusion? In other words is it a Matrix? Any proof for this?
How to deal with pride and vanity from a Buddhist perspective?
Doing "death contemplation" on others
Attachment to practice itself
What are some resources on Mahayana forms of Meditation?
Blind police justice and right livelihood
What is difference (Vedic) Consciousness versus Pali Text terms "Deathless", "Awakened Awareness"?
What is a good response when some-one says 'sadhu' to you?
Was the historical Buddha infallible?
Did the Lord Buddha sad anything about magic and fortune telling?
Did aliens come to meet Lord Buddha?
Is buddhism nondualistic?
Gods realm, how do you get out? Achieve Nibbana in this realm?
Should I limit the time I do metta?
What are the attitudes of the schools to the experience of physical pain during sitting meditation?
Help me with my panic attack during meditation
Three types of characteristics to achieve a goal
How to actually do death contemplation?
Unfriendly and unapproachable faces - Metta Practices
Where can I get Buddha's teachings of the Dharma practice?
Buddha statue of European/white likeness?
Does the lifespan get shorter or longer ?
What can be done about wanting to change things in the present that you can't?
How to handle contrition
How I can live longer as well as peaceful by doing practices taught by Buddhism?
Is the Buddha nature nothingness or the Dharmakaya?
How to do a long meditation of "death contemplation"?
What is meant by this description of a type of person in the suttas?
Is there a contradiction in the translation of the Bhūmija Sutta?
Why do the Noble Truths talk about 'craving', instead of about 'attachment'?
How to identify a sotapanna (stream enterer)
Consciousness and Name-Form
Seven 10-day and one 20-day Goenka Course but no "good results"
Where do westerners get their "Buddhist" names?
Why is samghabedabastu section of the mulasarvastavadin monastic code not published in any language besides it's original language?
What did the Buddha mean by 'development of the body'?
Are the four noble truths supposed to be applied to every type of anguish separately?
The Proces of arising and passing away
How can evil doers be 'reborn' as 'human'?
What Is the significance of 'Sal Tree' in Buddhism?
Is there any school or institution dedicated to teaching Jhana?
Lower realms rising?
Do ascetic practices create samvega? If so, how?
Finding the source of a sutta
Help for a monks studies
Benefits of "Mental Noting" during positive events?
What does 'awareness of the flow' mean
Will Buddhism last only 5,000 years after Buddha's Mahaparinirvana?
How does enlightenment relate to the higher realms of existence?
Does the aim of enlightenment equal the aspiration of the end of all life?
How to prevent self-deception?
If there is no "I", who or what is controlling my animalistic urges?
How is rebirth to be understood?
Is Karma different for accidental killing than intentional killing?
Computers and Buddhist monks, offering computer to monk makes bad karma to both monk and donor?
Book of zen kōans
Six Senses and Four elements
What enters the mind of an idle Buddha?
What do Buddhists do to prevent sexual desires?
How cognition can be explained in Buddha's Abidhamma?
Why didn't Buddhism become Popular in India in Lord Buddha's time?
Ṛta, ritual and Buddhism
Plato's Parmenides, Samsara and Nirvana
How do you see this article fitting in with Buddhist principles?
Meditation and 'not trying to change anything'
Why is Buddha presented as an overweight man?
Dasa Paramitha - Sources
Buddhas after Bhadra Kalpa
Past Buddha's : Sources
What is considered consciousness?
Three types of Raaga
Dharma should be free?
How does big bang happen in terms of Buddhism?
How to pronounce Ksana?
In Buddhas Time Did Kings give Freedom to His Sex Wives(Anttappura Wives)?
Can good and evil live in harmony?
A comparison of two ethical systems (one essential, one relational)
Did Lord Buddha gain enlightenment by inquiring into death?
Disguised negative emotions and the mindless brawl called an election
Life and why we (mankind ) exist
Difference between yatha bhuta and vipassana
Where did the hindrances originate from?
When the obstacles are abandoned does one experience dharma everywhere?
Praying to a Buddhist deity for healing of someone
"Guard the sense doors"- What does this mean, and what is it's application?
do all beings have past lives?
Why mind is all set to achieve something unknown during meditation?
What is a belief as per the buddhism?
In Buddhism can all we percieve / experience b used as teachers?
Does contemplation activity, before hand, give rise to the mental image?
Emotional Release: Images Versus Dry Body Awareness
Is the term " mind " another way of describing awareness?
What is "Anapanasati" day which is coming on this November 14?
Why is mentally reproducing music so hard to control? How can it be counteracted?
What are some Buddhist ininterpretations of claims of past-life memories?
How to survive Buddhism ? Buddha, Dhamma and Sangha
Can we still reach loved ones with guidence after they have passed through the bardo into a rebirth?
What is meaning of Buddha and how he called Buddha?
What is the difference between a nature and a behaviour?
What is it like to perceive without 5 Skandas?
Getting Started
sutta reference: forbidding to call the Buddha by name
What is passed from life to life in the process of rebirth?
Is rebirth essential to Buddhist philosophy?
Incoherent Meditations
Why Buddha said "if you want to remove small/light codes from Vinaya"?
How to cure "if I blamed someone who we should not blame"?
Retaining courage during mediation
Is it helpful to stay single if I am not going to become a monk?
Thousand fold world system
In Buddhism, does "God" exist or not?
During meditation how do I focus
Purifying my mind
After Enlightenment - 7 Weeks (Sath Sathiya)
"The Blessed One", is it bad translation?
How did Buddha deal with people that were sexually attracted to him?
What should I be mindful of in everyday mindfulness?
How do Buddhists justify or explain that monks and/or temples amass and use wealth?
Maithri Bodhisatvas Ata pirikara
Any tips on creating a stay at home retreat?
Advices on start practicing
Managing Dearness
buddhism in real life
in Budhism, what would happen with a soul in a eventually case of succesfull cryogenic reanimation?
Is consciousness immaterial?
Where in the Pali Canon are there Discussions on Reanimated Corpse?
What percent of income do Buddhists give to temples?
Ways of Raising Energy
Is there any reference scheme for paragraph in Sutta?
Life Duration and Rebirth
Can someone mention few good web sites to learn theravada Buddhism?
Which Vinaya has the least number of rules?
Taking care of our sexual energy
What is the significance of Reclining Buddha Statue in Laos compared to other countries in Asia?
Why didn't the Buddha speak about God and the soul?
Thoughtlessness
Do you need both parents permission to become ordained?
Canonical definition of Upekkha
Why this hair style on statues of the Buddha?
What is the logic behind visualization meditation
Causes of Reincarnation
Therapeutic Effects of Masturbation
How Atheism and Buddhism are different?
Which are the vipassana jhanas?
Four noble truths, any single being of mankind can invent, find the new truth other than that?
Shouldn't I kill even mosquitoes that bite me by first precept?
Physical Lethargy
Having difficulty logically understanding how clinging leads to becoming
Back from a retreat: what to practice?
Proper Meditation Upon A Physical Object
Sammasam Buddha's Sila, was it the best Sila?
Killing a mouse in the house with a third party
What is funeral law of Buddhism?
The Middle Way in practical life
Feeling intense sensations in my forehead and also my head and body is shaking a lot during meditation
Is there any historical evidence or sayings that Buddha went to America and Africa continent for some discourses or teachings
Ethics regarding the sharing of paid Dhamma material
Sutta Reference
Attitude Towards Speculation and Fantasy
Why is it that Buddhist monks are strongly associated with beggars?
Noises in Meditation
When you don't do akusla you do kusala?
In which Sutta, Buddha wore cloth of dead body?
Sinhala translation of commentaries and subcommentaries
What is bhanga?
According to the Noble Eightfold Path, is it poor practice to speak poorly in solitude?
New to the site, new to Buddhism
Is Meditation And Concentration Mutually Exclusive?
How to tolerate if someone insulting Buddhism?
If a snake is eating a frog in front of me, what should I do?
1. While wearing my new warm jacket, is it okay to kill animals for their fur?
Do (any) Mahayana Buddhists teach subjectivity?
How to inculcate metta in me?
If a snake is eating a human infant in front of me what should I do?
Happiness for laypeople
What is the meaning of paramattha dhamma?
very strong cravings for compelling images of moving exciting images
What is happening to Lord Buddha after "parinirvana"?
significance of buddhism in this age of terrorism tyrannies and insolence
If someone says publicly that he has achieved nirvana , can it be true?
Why Lord Buddha didn't stay alive till the end of this "Kalpa"
Why did first gerneration followers of Gautama Buddha chose oral method instead of written verbal method to preserve his teachings?
What did the Buddha say about gratitude?
Dhamma and Buddha Dhamma
What exactly is Buddhism? Where does it help me? How can I start?
How to get back to practice after "falling" from it?
Is camsex a sin
Not-Buddhism is the highest level of Buddhism?
Tanha vs "Right Aspiration" & Anatta vs nihilism: how does one resolve contradictions in BUddhism?
How is Vegetarianism morally superior to eating meat in a Buddhist context?
Is no soul doctrine (there is no eternal soul) supported in Buddhist suttas?
Is there are difference between 'self' & 'soul' in Buddhism?
Did the Buddha leave room for the possibility of a self?
Do Chinese-language publications about Zen Buddhism usually use Simplified or Traditional Chinese?
Can one get into the heart of Zen Buddhism without Chinese?
What is Anuloma-nana? How does this insight works?
Realms : About a certain Deva's concubine's rebirth?
Is there a point for a not continues practice?
Vegetarianism in Buddhism on different schools
Why did the buddha teach the mahayana?
Have any notable Buddhists commented on Krishnamurti's teachings?
In what ways have Buddhists responded to the apparent impossibility of saving all sentient beings?
What are the major Buddhist critiques of Christianity?
Who is the adi buddha?
should i consider this as a hindrance in my practice
love and caring is suffering
Caring is wrong?
How to acknowledge emotions and their consequences in day to day life?
The odd phenomenon of cycle of emotions
what is the difference between Ego and self respect?
Downfall of the Buddhist religion?
Is there a value for a single moment of mindfulness (without others) ?
Is change permanent?
Where do I start?
Did the Buddha speak the Mahanidana Sutta in the Digha Nikaya?
how to eradicate past smaskaras
How prevalent are siddhis in buddhism?
Feeding meat to pets is it a good karma or bad?
Differences between U Ba Khin and S.N. Goenka
What does Buddhism add to a Stoic?
Is mindfulness itself kamma ? does it create kamma?
New Year Resolutions
Does mindfulness end kamma ? is that a good thing ?
Which is this sutta, which describes a monk prepared to travel and to experience violence?
More self control - Beginners
Why does my mind naturally wander?
How is it possible to change habits cultivated over lifetimes
What allows to make a choice
What are the guides for lay followers, as to how far they should go to be compassionate?
Is it possible for a layman to achieve enlightenment?
Opinions and beliefs
Traits of a person manifesting in certain ways in the next life
Kamma and sankharas
Is smoking tobacco acceptable in any school of Buddhism?
Does Buddhism view mind phenomena as chemical or as supernatural?
What is volition?
What are the benefit of Dhamma in this very life that could be thought to a beginner?
Buddhist Verse Closest To Christian/Jewish Verse
How does Buddhist Logic work?
Buddha teaching regarding eating
Are there any teachings about how we should censure happiness which arises without right view?
Is there any volition or will that I can manage or control?
Does dreams make sense?
Why do i look sad, while doing things consciously?
How should I spend my day, according to Lord Buddha teachings?
Does Buddha bless all human beings?
Misinterpretation of a Pali phrase - Rupan Jirathi
What exactly was the difference between Alara Kalama & uddaka rāmaputta teachings?
Did Buddha saw his two teachers were born, where living beings did not have physical body?
What happened to Siddhārtha Gautama wife Yashodhara?
Right way to teaching Dhamma
Proficiency in teaching Dhamma
What to expect from meditation?
At what stage / step of development do we start to contemplate on non-self?
Length of daily meditation (Soto zen)
Did the Buddha said that there is no self there is no soul?
What did Santideva, the authour of the Bodhicaryāvatāra, say about the realisabaility of Buddhahood?
Why is focusing on the breath more difficult than focusing on Mantras, and how important is it before vipassana?
How best to accelerate vast accumulation of merits?
Buddhism and fornication
Interpretation of Siddhartha by Herman Hesse
Is there concept of recollection in Buddhism?
Does Vesak means Vaishakh?
Teachings vs self experience
Does the wicked have a better bargain at death in Buddhism?
What am I doing wrong?
How does Karma works?
Meditation or practicing technique has benefits of prenatal elaboration?
If someone constrain me to build my bad Karma or it wouln't be Karma?
Why my Mind told me to Sleep?
Which suttas in the Pali canon are relatively early or late?
How exactly i can access my Astral body in meditation?
Is love in this life 'artificial'?
How many hours of Meditation in single sitting during Vipassana?
Getting rid of long discourses from Tipitaka, what could be true intention?
Tathā synonymous with Tathātā?
Does the Buddhist text Alankarabuddhi still exist?
Recently started mediation,on my own,had a weird sensation
Living in the moment without indulging in it
The four requisites for trade
Hatred arising after a friend tried to make my fiancé cheat on me
Sutta in which Buddha says that he/anyone don't have to take another person words?
Am I Bearing the pain or observing it, When my leg hurts during Vipassana?
Ordaining vs normal life
The first rule of 8 Garudhammas
What are the karmic consequences of writing horror / fantasy fiction?
In today's perspective is it possible to practice mindful meditation except bhikkhus?
Sutta/Sutra guideline for choosing actions in ethical dilemmas
What, if anything, do the texts say about habits versus mindulfness?
A Monk Reborn in a Lower Realm for Breaking a Leaf
U ba Khin / Goenka Vipassana putting stress only on vednanupassana
How to cure pain(Heartache, Sorrow)?
Is our success predestined by our past karma?
Does Buddha go to Naraka (hell) to save those tormented beings?
asubha practice
How does 'Om Mani Padme Hum' protect us from danger?
In what Sutta(s) is there a References to Imagine the Body Inside Out and What is Below the Skin
Schopenhauer’s inexplicable disturbance in the heavenly calm of Nirvana?
Why did Buddha choose sacred fig for meditating and austerity?
How much of our initial conditions come from past Kamma?
Are Therevada's cosmology and the Mahanaya's sutras physically impossible?
Is the emptiness of persons an emptiness of essence or just substance?
What is this picture?
Differences between the tilakkhana and the Dhamma seal
Can there be "one day becoming a fully-awakened Buddha" after Parinibbana?
Doubting the quick attainments of the Mahasi Tradition
What are the alternative titles of Thayodhamma Sutta, it's reference number, subsections where it appear in?
Where can I find a reference for someone becoming a sotapanna through meditation?
Can't meditate?
Is there a benifit to "wishful thinking"?
How did the Buddha define success?
Does Ichinen Sanzen include "wishful thinking"?
Discomfort during vipassana meditation
Which Buddhists say that there are no conventionally existent wholes, and for what reasons?
Who were some people who attained Buddhahood after the historical Buddha?
How does one Realize emptiness?
Discussion with Chih-Tao in the Platform Sutra
what is zen's attitude / teaching on keeping a journal?
What should we say when someone asks 'What is your religion?'
Can Cyborg/ Trans-human reach enlightenment? When enlightenment is depended on a Human Body
How do kōans work?
Buddhism, Reincarnation, and Doubt
How can anyone who hasn't realised the truth, claim that Mahatma Buddha or any other person in history realised God or the Truth?
What does "ease" mean in the phrase "dharma gate of ease and joy"?
Is rebirth a conventional truth within the Buddha's message?
Bringing 'Atta' concept to Buddha's teachings
Types of Meditation in Theravada Buddhism
Is the Mind (Citta) the Self? If not, what is it?
Sutta references which Discuss Self and Not Self under Different Contexts
Ways of Controlling Anger
Seongcheol's parinirvana gatha
metta towards women
What is the Buddhist definition of "Atta"?
A better translation of four elements
How to Focus consciously?
Which place is good for vipassana meditation?
To learn Tripitaka to academic level
The idea of "no cognition" and the present
Is there an API for Buddhist texts?
Previous gurus or teachers of the Buddha
Buddhism accepts horoscope?
Can Buddhism help me find my passion?
What is awareness?
Buddhism vs Advaita Vedanta
If hatred rises, How far I am to Nirvana?
Can / how do we know what death is?
do you know consciousness?
questions about my practice
Could the Buddha have touched goal and gems in the 7 weeks after enlightenment
What does "nose breath" mean?
how to practice correctly
I have been meditating by myself since 2015 but nothing worked for me
How can I as a layperson approach the discourses given to monks?
How do I focus from the distraction of people who look attractive?
How does a Buddhist survive in a harsh world?
Does Zen have an unusual view of samadhi?
Buddha said "Its better to travel well than to arrive", what does it mean?
Lust arises every time I am alone
The path and the desire to reduce the suffering of others?
Sutra reading stage
Question about the contrast between Buddhist statements and Christian doctrine
What does Buddha mean with '' to not sacrifice one's life for another' (Dhp 166)?
What is The eighth jhana and how can i practice it?
What would Buddhists say about 'pantheism'
Why Dharma(धर्म) is pronounced as Dhamma in Buddhism?
Is there any specific description of life according to Buddhism?
How can i use meditation to concentrate!
Why Buddha was not worried about his family after enlightenment?
What is the meditation benefits of jhana?
How vipassana is useful for removing fear from myself?
What is the way to motivate myself for Vipasana meditation Practice daily?
Breach of second precept
How to overcome guilt
What does "Nothing like anything" means according to Buddism?
How to determine whether a 10 days S.N. Goenka Vipassana course is safe for my friend or relative?
Buddhism and Science
Buddha's opinion on late night talk shows
Can someone be a monastic in their own home?
Is Mr. S. N. Goenka's Vipassana Meditation a Buddhist tradition?
Will 10,000 hours of Vipasanna be enough for Enlightenment?
I'm interested in precise piece-by-piece translations of the 5 precepts
Did the Buddha tell how to visit another part of universe via meditation?
What does the Pali canon say about "death"?
How to let go during meditation?
How is liberation achieved?
Online Sangha groups
Mendicants in the 21st century
Generosity in Buddhism - When does giving become unwholesome?
Insight guidance
4 foundations of mindfulness
metta, anxiety, and anger
Meditation not linear
Reference request for "our Buddha nature chooses not to be enlightened"?
If matter is just an illusion what is the source of it
My short story with anxiety problems - could meditation be the cause?
what is logic behind rebirth
What is initial thought and discursive thought
What is the Difference between Desire and Compulsion?
Before Buddhism, was there a way to escape from samsara?
Buddhist social networking site?
How can I remove my desire for a relationship/girlfriend?
Why are there are only one Buddha per universe?
I don't like people
How to get involved in feelings maintaining Equanimity?
How can we include meditation in our daily activities or day to day life?
Does dukkha apply to name-and-form?
Does a monk wearing a samue break a prātimokṣa vow?
Saying May God Bless you
Does the Doctrine of No Soul mean there is nothing permanent to continue?
Dana, Dhamma Talk or Retreat
mind is like illusionist
Mind as a creator
Life With Death
Can the seeds of desires bowed in the past lives can now be eradicated from the mind completely?
How to suppress the 5 hindrance to achieve the first jhana?
Meditation Without References
The question of why do we have craving
why is all of Buddhas past lifes referes to times of kings
Different state of mind during dhamma talk
Does practicing Brahmavihara to get insights leads to Nibbana?
Is there a mudra associated with renouncement?
References on Rupa and Arupa Jhana through Brahma Vihara
Websites with the Chinese canon translated into English?
What meditation is best to learn to "control" your mind?
What is the learning sign "uggahanimitta"?
What did the Buddha say about motivation?
How does one get closer to Buddha?
Where can I do a long retreat?
Are Southern Buddhism and Northern Buddhism the same?
Is their any Age limit to become a Buddha?
Is Buddhism against scientific attitude?
Early life of the Buddha's references
States of mind or extraterrestrial life
Which Sutta does Sakkra asks 14 Questions from the Buddha?
How to do an intense home retreat?
What should I tell other people about giving money to a Beggar?
How can a person become a real Buddhist?
What will Most Effect in Next Life Done Good or Bad?
Do Buddhists need affection, physical touch or intimacy?
According to buddhism, do demons exists?
Scientific Problem solving and Wu Wei
How is the doctrine of no-self compatible with reincarnation?
Visualization and visualized meditation
Am I approaching samadhi properly?
Did the Buddha state that there is only one way, and state/imply that any other path (such as those practiced by yogis) was futile?
Why Salayatana is ommitted in this mode of Dependent Origination?
Why can't existence be mostly good?
What is the meaning of Anicca and Anatta?
How to become a better decision maker?
Who are your mother and father?
What's the difference between monks and priests?
Questions from 10 Days Mr. Goenka Vipassana Course?
Why is it necessary to scan entire body in Vipassana?
Is psychic disease related to bad karma?
Barriers to Compassion
What does "intention" mean?
What is the difference between Dhamma Diksha and Dhamma Parivarta
Are multiverses real according to Buddhism
Should I teach an infant practice Anapana?
Consciousness, death and reincarnation
Brahma Viharas Without Visualizing
What is the basis of Lotus Sutta with respect to original Tipitaka?
What is Metta-Bhavana and how does one practice it?
Do we need to cheat the mind to escape thoughts which would lead to bad habits?
Questions about the “Tatiya­vitthā­ra­sutta”
Did I get into a Jhana state?
What does the one taste of the dharmadhatu really mean?
What was the time gap between the previous Buddha and Gautama Buddha?
To become a Buddha must a person be born in a highest caste in their society?
How to exit meditation?
Lies as self defence vs. Physical self defence
Is the term "Everything happens for a reason" appropriate?
Monkey Year Teaching (Drikung-Kagyu)
Journaling for Buddhist laypeople
Places offering samatha retreats / training
Spiritual friendship with the Buddha
What is the etymology of "byāpā­da­"
why can't the spirtual experience explained from logic
Can we rely on Buddha's quotes found on internet?
Observing fever and Not taking medicine?
What are the similarities between quantum physics and buddism?
Why Buddhist worship Mount Kailash?
How do we determine when to use logic and reason in Buddhism?
Which Living Ajahns are considered to be Arahants today?
Complexities of karma accounting
What is Nirvana (mahayana)?
Is Maha Brahma a GOD?
Are there Bodhisatta practices within Theravada?
Where in the Vimalakīrti Sutra is this stated?
Recognition of Ignorance on a Topic
Feeling concern for others but like my efforts in anything are wasted
If each person's mind creates "reality" then why do we need to eat?
Abhava versus Vibhava
What is Indra's Net, according to Mahayana Buddhism?
Where is Nibbana/Nirvana being Unconditioned stated in the Canon?
Why can't I be happy in the pursuit of Nirvana?
When was the word enlightenment introduced into Theravada Buddhism?
Need help understanding this about the jhanas
Mala in Zen Practice
Which is the best posture to Practice meditation?
Was Tirupati Balaji a Buddhist Shrine?
How do you handle a begar who want to stay in your temple?
Its been said that deep meditationl leads a meditator to another world, what is this another world actually?
Advice on leading sitting group
Why does Guan Yin ride a dragon?
Did Buddha Return to Extreme Asceticism?
What is the difference between an arhat, bodhisattva and a buddha?
Can a person without any of the five physical senses attain arhatship?
Is there an established monastic order, with the beleifs and practices same as the Goenka school of meditation?
Citta Vithi in Abhidhamma
What is fruition in Buddhism?
Is it possible to adhere to the practices and beliefs of both Buddhist and Christianity?
Thought arising
Who or what is observing
Discernment or blind belief?
Meditation is a struggle
Disenchanted with Buddhism
Starting Buddhism
Four Nutriments in the context of Satipatthana?
Suffering more in order to feel less suffering? Living with suffering?
What are the prescribed objects for the development of jhāna?
Is suffering caused by oneself, others, by both, or spontaneous?
Buddhist architecture - Stupa/Chorten
What are the Sutta stating Paramithä requirements to be a stream winner?
Do Asimov's three laws make a robot a Buddhist?
Is this considered insight?
Was ascetic Sumedha with iddhi powers?
Why don't teachers just tell us the answers?
Mindfulness issues
Is this what is nimitta is?
Buddhism Thervada Tattoos
Can a person get into any stage of enlightenment without being aware of it?
What is the Buddhist approach of admitting a mistake?
Benefits of Vipassana Meditation
Where did Buddha state "Mother is the Buddha of the home?"
What is the exact Age Limit that Buddha can live?
Is it the EARTH only Place that can give birth to a Buddha?
Niànfó (念佛, nenbustu) & Morality
What is the difference between intelligence and wisdom in the Buddha's teaching?
How does the experience of "realisation of Sunyata" differ from "realisation of Anatta"?
What is the Karmic Effect of Harsh Speech?
What would be a secular interpretation of animal rebirth
Are feelings (vedana) always caused by ignorance?
Which aggregate (khandha) is or generates 'suffering'?
Has a teacher referred to sleep as a form of 'lazy nirvana'?
If everyting comes from emptyness than what is energy
Can you explain the "Maha Meru"?
Buddhism and homosexuality
Memory about the past life
Focus on the object or nimitta?
Where can places and communities on internet be found, practicing sharing merits?
According to Buddhism, how can a woman get a male soul?
Does love mean crime?
Verses and lines of dedication of merits: Does one like to share traditional and personal verbal ways?
What reference to other powers are there in atheistic Buddhism?
Anyone know about the use of the skull for magic in the Burmese traditions?
What is appropriate punishment for heinous crimes by Buddhist standards?
Did the Buddha ever delve on the dangers of one's own spirtual achievements feeding the ego?
Sutta Reference - Sound and musical instruments metaphors in the Suttas
During jhana do you eliminate all hindrance at once?
Taking refuge in practice
Broken kapala as a sign of what?
Does a sexual union with one's body incarnation of an opposite sex count as a misconduct?
Noticing Sensations
Who can realize the nirvana easier?
Does anybody knows origin and reference Buddha teaches a bossy & angry the seven kinds of wifes
How to know if someone has achieved nirvana?
Vesak 2561/2017 TODAY Where in western world can traditional & benefical celebrations be aspected?
Can one follow Hinduism and Buddhism at the same time?
Sounds during meditation
15 Un-written BrahmaLokas in Dhammacakkapavattana sutta
What are the personal consequences opposing, mobbing or even revile Noble Ones or right view?
Does "Connected Causes" mean the same thing as Dependent Origination?
What does Robert M. Pirsig's "Quality" correspond to in Buddhism?
What is the Buddhist text quoted by the Hindu philosopher Yogaraja?
Unchanging Awareness
What does Buddhism say about pragmatic retribution?
Moderation of sensual pleasures?
What would a Buddhist country's law be?
What is the consequence to living life with self realism behavior?
What is the real meaning of the third precept?
How can we choose more congenial Kammattana?
Historical writings on the importance and efficacy of burning joss paper?
Russian language Mulamadhyamakakarika?
A good website for Mahayana texts?
Doubt in Soul and sects
What does "I worship the Lord of the Thunderbolt" mean, in a translation of Shantideva's Bodhicaryavatara?
Why does Mahasi Method have the points on the Body to attend to?
Why is swastika in buddhism is in this 卍 format and not in this 卐 format? What is the difference between the two? What is the meaning of each sign?
When does an ideology becomes a religion or just philosophy or a way of living?
How to think about the four immeasurable minds?
cycling through the 16 nanas all day?
How is it that we cycle through the nanas?
Why are children represented as inessential in some Buddhist text?
Neither-pleasant-nor-unpleasant feeling vs not feeling
Why do people pray to Buddhas?
Meditators should judge other people?
What is the Buddhist perspective on passively altering your subconcious?
Why do Buddhists argue that nirvana is nothing in addition to the skandhas?
What's the "wise" answer when the epistemic distance is important?
Why do Buddhism monk hits people in the head?
What's the Buddhist view of fostering pets?
Do we reincarnate into similar or polar-opposite lives
Does anyone have High resolution Buddha wallpapers for computer?
Seeing things as they are
Sutta Question - Three Ways of Making Merit
In the future how many Buddhas will be born?
What are the consequences of a monk eating meat?
How do Buddhists handle mental illness such as depression or bipolar disorder?
Are attachment, aversion, ignorance Kamma?
Sexual Desire, Masturbating and Asuba Bawana
Is realizing anatta, will it help meditation?
Permanent brain damage can cause someone to loose their Arihathness?
Why Alaya Vinnana and Manas is not supported in Theravada?
If someone was an Once-returner in last life how can he know that ?
What the Buddha saw
What is the concept of "Ego" or "self "?
Pali question: "seven more life times at most"
How do you know if you have bad/good karma?
How does human will fit with Pratītyasamutpāda?
Is practicing Buddhism to be happy a wrong view?
prayer ettiquette in a wheelchair
Did the Buddha ever weep in his days of Enlightenment?
Did the Buddha really have snails on his head?
Is our surroundings affecting our ability to concentrate the mind?
Has Sādhna ( Meditation practice) with closed eyes more benefits than with open?
Why must we not wear a hat or cap when listen or teach Dhamma?
Non appearance of dhammas to note during meditation
How did Mahayan, Hinayan,Vajrayana come into Buddhism?
What was the reason behind the fall of Buddhism in India?
Where to get the genuine e-book on "Jataka Tales" in English?
Does any/every form of lying violate the precept of "not-lying"?
Does perspective to someone else break first precept?
Can another one's karma are affected by others?
What are benefits of being bald?
Samatha Only Wisdom
What is the difference between right thinking and right view?
Compassion and Wisdom
Does Anyone know quotes relating to Once-Returners / sakadagami
How can mindfulness be about immovable attention?
Skillful ways to induce Rapture and Pleasure in meditation
Were there 27 more Buddhas before Siddhartha Gautam Buddha?
What would happen if everyone became a monk or nun?
Must Lay Arahants become Buddhist Monks?
Why can't we accord the theory of evolution?
Upostha Sila in normal daily life
What does the term 'Sammasambuddha' mean?
Is there any proof of Karma theory & rebirth?
What are the texts of Vajrāyana Buddhism? And where can I get?
How to memorize suttas?
How should a lay person respond if they see a monk teaching something contrary to Dhamma?
The Conditions of Lying in Fiction
Sutta References on Future Monks
Did Buddha told anything about if we can travel to the end of the cosmos?
Nine different ways the word ‘Mind’ is used?
What is the difference between concentration and mindfulness practice ?
How to propery pay back goodness and develop gratitude?
Did the Buddha teach Engaged Buddhism?
Agitation during mindfulness tickling
Wheel of life and bodhicitta
Energy and diligence
Dejection and Sensuality
Bodhidharma leaving for china
Does everyone need to sit, even zen masters, especially according to Soto zen?
Fastest way to Samadhi
In what timeframe was Jataka tales added to Kuddaka Nikaya?
Do you need to be taught the nembutsu? Are some personalities better suited to it?
Anapanasati with Dhatu Manasikara
Breathing Meditation and Repression
Two Extremes of Metta
What is the difference between Vitakka/Vicara and Papanca?
Is there a concept of after life in Buddhism?
What are the differences between faith and fides?
Why is 'attention' ('manasikara') included within 'nama-rupa'?
Proper way to ask a teacher to become their student
Beginner's Buddhist Course Syllabus By Ancient Pali Canon (Ganthadhura And Vipassanādhura)
Is it allowed to quote a Buddhist teaching in a fiction book?
Changing of questions and the precept of not speaking what is not true
Changing parts of circumstances and the precept of not speaking what is not true
Fathersday - how would a western disciple of the Buddha make use of this fest?
Benefits of Producing and Caring for Children
How is a living being/lifeform defined in Buddhism?
If there are no past and future lives, why should we practice Buddhism?
Odd Experience in Meditation
Why people in our realm are so fundamentally different?
What type of tanha, is the tanha to end tanha?
Did Siddartha have a back problem?
Different Reasons of Dhamma's Decline
What Gautam Buddha said about "self", in Chapter Three of the Mahayana Mahaparinirvana Sutra?
"No spontaneously reborn beings"
Why Buddha said "There is No God" and Later "There is God"?
Pali Scriptures & Folklore
Perception of light - a twist in the Bhaya Bherava sutta?
When the Buddha changes his mind to teach
How Māhāvihāra Theravāda Buddhists learning method for over 2600 years?
Did Lord Buddha teach, or do Buddhist sects teach, about Ghosts?
No insight happening
Pali Canon support for living on the edge between all dualities?
my meditation practice question
What is Unwise Consideration?
Does Pa Auk Has A Plan To Translate Tipitaka Pali To English?
feel 'me' inside what should i do for the next step
Right effort and concentration
Is Mahasi Sayadaw's "counterfeit dhamma"?
Life of Buddha, to be taken seriously?
What are timeframe were pali canons, included commentaries, done, especially Mahavihara-Theravada?
Buddha's Power of Seeing Other Beings Mind
how can spirts/sould see physical things without eyes
Gautama self torture, holding his breath
Was Buddha deceiving others to get them on the path?
How do I deal with Buddhist teaching's complexity?
Buddhism is kind of depressing
Buddhist References about Space and Time
Ego death and stream entry is it the same thing?
Why deos 'rebirth' imply there is no soul?
How can we know what is mundane?
Is there anything I can read about the Buddhist tradition today?
Do Buddhas have precognition?
Which is a good book to read about history of Buddhism?
Buddhism on suicide
Can't meditate anymore
Uncomfortable sleeping conditions on retreat
Quicksands Simile?
People get sick and die next to me - my karma?
Meditation and family life
Buddhist perspective how humans can communicate with spirits?
Should I do reflection before eating if I don't plan to keep it
Is dhammakaya a synonym of 'real nature of things'?
Looking for a Buddhist story about trust
What specific emotion would best describe dukkah?
How can I become less affected by politics?
Attachment and the three poisons
Practical advice on not eating after noon
How much time it takes to experience 4th jhana?
How do you have a relationship
Is there any ritual or ceremony for House-Warming?
Is their any reference in buddhism about time travell and parallel universe travell?
Need help understanding the meaning of this
Are 'elements' defined as non-suffering?
Sati-Sampajañña (Mindfulness)
Mindfulness, Eightfold path,
Impermanence (Anicca) and Mindfulness in general
Difference between Sampajanna and Vipassana
Replacing the hindrances with it's opposite?
Belief in Ghost and spirits
Helping Others Who Still Need to Suffer due to karma
Is it recommended in Buddhism to know people from other nations and learn their languages
Is allowing or seeking detachment a bad karmic influence vis a vis rebirth?
Can you do labeling and tai chi?
What is the true nature of karma?
Karma and the creation of the earth
If someone have experienced supernatural abilities through meditation, than why don't he shows it to world?
Can a person with harmful thoughts still meditate?
What does "Namaste" mean in Buddhism context and why is it even associated with Buddhism?
What is the essence of spiritual enlightenment
thoughts in heart
Does chanting have a practical and exclusive benefit?
Dhamma riddle? What does it mean?
Is Uposatha on full moons or specific days?
What buddhist topics cover the arise of meaning?
What does a normal person lose by following the path?
Is it true that Lord Buddha was born in Sri Lanka?
Spinning sensation during meditation?
Dogen writings on reality and death
How/Why to be moral without believing God or any supernatural entity?
Where to concentrate exactly during meditation?
Resources for Sutta study/discussion for beginners
What Buddha taught by his knowledge about human life?
On Sati-Sampajanna
Helpful or ego-stroking?
Tantric self generation as a deity
Meditation technique to reduce/control pain/sorrow/loss
difference between material pleasure and spirtual happiness
Spoke to the Buddha in my dream-discard?
How far is attachment allowed?
Is fasting good or bad?
What's the difference between these 3?
Buddhism in context, differences through SE Asia?
Insight in Buddhism
Are there any exceptions to the first precept?
What does Buddhism teach about healing others through the mind
What do buddha taught about dreams?
Seeking attention and validation?
Meditating to feel calm
Calming the mind
Did anyone ask the Buddha what their rebirth will be?
Nothing i seem to have flipped the switch by getting rid of everything
What is Buddhist reality?
Problem with the logic of karma
What is wrong with my vision of karma?
What is 'letting go' and 'detachment' actually?
The proper meaning of Bhagava
Pronounce the word "Buddh" - phonetics
What does Buddhism teach or say about Tolerance and accepting differences in general?
What does Buddhism teach about anger?
Buddha dealing with pain
Is Venerable Mahakashyapa still Alive?
Sending metta to fictional charcters ?
When will Maitreya Buddha come according to the Manimekalai?
Help! I'm in love with enlightened man
How to be kind when you don't like people or the world?
Meditation help - Am i observing a thought like I should or entertaining it?
Not addressing a thought when meditating
If a living being is not self aware than can he experience suffering or pleasure?
Can somebody remove their bad karma by believing that it doesn't exist?
Conscious Attention for Inner transformation during daily activities
Loving Communication
Weird people and their Karma
What is the general Buddhist consensus on catharsis?
Rarity of the Human World
What are do's & dont's which should be followed for serene & calm life?
Any reconstructions of earliest mentioned classification of canon?
If someone steals my goods/harms me then is it ok to take revenge on him/her?
Has anyone read Nagarjuna as claiming only that an effect is never its cause?
Buddhism view on idol worship?
How to breathe into your stomach and not get light headed during meditation?
Killing a Animal to prevent painful of that Animal.Is it consider as a bad thing for me according to buddhism?
Is my guilt natural?
We need to remove fear. But mothers fear for their kids?
Does Buddhism focus on suffering too much?
Help me to understand the concept of Svalakshan & Savikalpaka jnana intuitively
Sutta Reference of Buddhism Not being a Philosophy
Cause and End of Suffering vs the Four Noble truths
Is Anapanasati a complete path? Does it, by itself, lead to nirvana?
I hate human beings how can I develop metta?
Non-attachment as object of meditation
Unknowingly Drinking Alcohol
Which body of the Buddha belongs to the Buddha nature?
Does all Tibetan Buddhism classify the sutras in the same way?
Fear of enlightenment
Can software development benefit from mindfulness?
How do you master (control) your mind with buddhism
Continuity of memories as a proof of the existence of self
Being at peace with mental phenomena
Who remembers the Buddha?
Sanskrit Resources
Buddhism 101? Any first steps one should take to begin their journey as a buddhist?
What interaction did the Buddha have with his family after leaving?
Is reiki harmful or not (is it harmful to advancing in the path)?
Metta towards a non-sentient entity or substance (e.g. rice)?
What does the word 'nimitta' ('sign') refer to in SN 47.8?
What's the end game for Buddhism?
What is meant by "Practice the truth thy brother is same as thou"?
Should we bath after funeral?
Can Buddhism lead to eternal happiness?
Is buddhism athiestic?
How sexual relations with multiple partners affect us? What are after effects of promiscuity?
Buddhism and misanthropy
How does Ajita Kesakambali compare to the Buddha?
Doubt and Criticism
Mindfulness of Breathing, Mindfulness with Breathing
Does any buddhist school, extant or otherwise, say that there is no svabhava what-so-ever?
In which suttas did Lord Buddha teach nihilism is better than eternalism?
Is suicide similar to Nibbana?
Is the following quote in conventional lanaguge?
Did the Lord Buddha ever use the word 'materialism'?
Is Buddhism now lost until the birth of Matreiya Buddha?
Can there be another Dalai Lama?
Unclarity on Sati-Sampajañña
Why are 'eternalism' & 'annihilationism' mentioned in SN 12.17?
Why does MN 117 refer to a dirty defiled (กิเลส) right view of bondage?
Where is the suttas is 'sati' defined as present moment awareness?
Is belief in the end of experience wrong view according to the Buddha?
Why did Yamaka have wrong view in SN 22.85?
Was Anuruddha, one of the ten Great Disciples of the Buddha, born in Sri Lanka?
What does "break-up of the body after death" mean in the suttas?
What is the meaning of 'two truths' in the Manorathapūraṇī?
Is society the follower of Mara?
Is Buddhism a syncretic religion, and then what would they say on the Abrahamaic religions?
Dukkha and happiness
The Buddha And The Beggar Story
Meditation - how to practice it?
Is financial speculation ethical according to Buddhism?
Anicca (when and how?)
In the top left corner there is a Tibetan Buddhist praying. Can you translate this prayer?
Food that is chanted over with verses
How is Cakkhupālattheravatthu pronounced exactly?
Did I exist ? Am I existing or Will I exist?
Is working too much (for money) a form of indulgence?
How important is javana to the jhanas?
Similes of Attainment
Who was ignorant about the Truth in the beginning?
Personal Relationships while on the path?
Daily life is dukkha
Once ignorance is removed ,is the cessation of suffering automatic?
How did the suffering of Gautama Buddha arise or co-arise?
Sacca-pabba Is The Reason That Commentary Commented "Viññāṇa Is Jāti And Paṭisandhi", Right?
Sensual Desire and Guarding the Sense Doors
Is causation (hetu) in SN 22.82 different to conditions (paccaya) in Dependent Origination?
Is consciousness a result of contact?
Attacking others with words such as they are weapons
Does viewing consciousness as "real thing" bring suffering?
Why the first of the additional rules, put forward by lord Buddha, on Bikkhunis?
Where can i find the original text of learning the jhanas
Possible to attain happiness without support, through art?
Information on the best vow/Baare to do for a child's health and safety
How can Buddha take rebirth as Metteyya?
What would an Arahant experience, as a slave in a labor camp?
Who do we call Buddha?
Paramitha vs Merits
Appamāda - What is it? How to practise it? Benefits?
Second Noble Truth
Is Manual of Buddhism by Hardy Spence ,a good book to study Buddhism?
Do fully enlightened "persons" still meditate, and why?
Why does Buddhism seem to have an anti-thought bias?
In regard of what or whom are you loyal?
What does Buddhism say that the laity should do when someone injuries them?
Mental illness: can Dhamma, meditation help?
How observance of the 5 Precepts is done?
Will I be reindividualised after death?
8 Precept Commentaries?
What are the toughest thoughts to 'catch'?
Buddhism - Is it a religion?
All sentient beings?
About the doer and knower
Did Buddha ever think about himself?
Seeking guidance on avoiding meditation distractions and sluggishness
What do Buddhists say about illogical self sacrifice?
Does Dogen's wholehearted way say anything about the status of memory?
Why activity makes me material & full of desires?
what happens to the mind during meditation?
Why sukha (third Jhana) is more refine than pīti (second Jhana)?
Is it bad karma to disagree with an arhat?
Symbolic meanings in Dogen's Fugen zazengi
Where is the line drawn with stealing?
What does "safeguard cognitive process" mean?
Can I say that this question exists but no questioner is found?
Where does Gautam Buddha say so?
Concept of Karma in Bhagwad Gita and Buddhism
What does one need to give, for liberation?
what is personality view?
When Buddhism started?
Why is Buddha needed?
Hungry ghosts and food offerings to the dead
Judging mindfully
Does Dogen bring good news?
Can one find liberation independent for himself?
Details on what may be given as alms
Anapanasati in Pali script
Sources on the Consequences of insulting
Sanskrit term for a "Buddhist"
How does the craving or clinging to existence survive after death?
Buddhism in Kerala, India?
Why isn't Buddhānussati more popular in the West?
Is there a time difference between death and re-birth?
miscarriage and abortion
How many nana stages?
What does "ending karma" mean?
Incorporeal entities in buddhism
How can I direct attention on an breath without consciously breathing?
The Story of Buddha
Are the clinging aggregates the cause of clinging after death?
What are the traditional Buddhist arguments for rebirth?
A wall of energy slammed me back during meditation? What was this?
How do you properly practice the more abstract precepts?
How are good and bad Karmas determined in Buddhism?
Can a non-Buddhist get Nirvana?
Emptiness in Theravada and Mahayana
Should I decrease the amount of time I practice concentration meditation?
How can I explain soullessness to other one?
The fourth path to attaining arahantship
Is there a thought in Buddhism which stand for the thinker itself as a thought?
Buddhist view on past lives influencing the present
Is there is anything which is not a phenomena?
what is anatta during vipassana practice?
Why don't we realise space instead of Nibbana?
If there is no Self , what Self is there to be affected by the karma which non-Self now performs?
How to change myself?
Did Gautama Buddha cease to exist after death?
Vedana: does it include feeling sleepy, dizzy, alert…
What is the proper etiquette when greeting/meeting a Venerable?
Is it wrong to wish you could die?
Removing sankharas
Can anyone briefly explain what is Dhamma?
Bad behavior (and therefore bad kamma?) due to physical ailments
Vedana - feelings or sensations?
Do you experience presence of self now?
Did Buddha ever met Mahavir(Jain GOD)?
Why is "I have no self" a wrong view?
Is "ghost month" really a Buddhist concept?
Can anyone explain non-self or Anatta of Buddhism in simple terms with example?
Sensations in practice
What is the meaning of the "one mind" in the awakening of faith?
Is understanding a phenomenon?
Felt sense vs visual sense
Does a fertlized pigeon egg have life in it?
According to Buddhism , who achieves Nirvana?
The Vanishing of Greed, Hatred, and Delusion ~ Nyanatiloka
Did Siddhartha Gautama achieve Nirvana?
How do Mahayana and Vajrayana Buddhists make sense of Maitreya's prophecy?
Justifying the Four Noble Truths without rebirth
Is 'impermanence' skillful means?
Can Nibbana be experienced by believers in 'rebirth-reincarnation'?
Why do secular Buddhists not commit suicide?
If devas are real, than why don't they show us themself?
Meditation in stressful environments
What are the 5 cords of sensual pleasures?
Who was the first buddha?
Impermanent self
Mindfullness and Imagination
Are there NDE known where Buddha is met?
What is the phantom in the conclusion of the Diamond Sutra?
What does the Tibetan book of the dead say happens 14 days after death?
Loneliness in Buddhism
How is suffering the supporting condition for faith?
Processing of Emotions
Certainty and Skeptical Investigation
Can Stoicism be seen as something close to Buddhism in some aspects?
Can a Buddhist own and run a billion dollar business?
How to concentrate to suppress hindrances?
"Not experiencing the effects of actions you did not do" as a characteristic of karma
During body-scan ('sweeping') meditation, what does brain-imaging (e.g. fMRI) look like?
'Impermanence' during vipassana practice
Dealing with Lust
In tendai, can the 1st and 5th teachings be called "potentiality" and "possible"?
Mutually Exclusive Approaches
Is my Meditation Practice Too Busy?
Does Samadhi realm of desire require single-pointed focus?
What is one's relationship with the world upon attaining Nirvana (and how do we work to get there)
Sources on the lifespan of Dhamma
Vinaya Rule which prohibits on engaging in political activities
How do Bodhisattva vow takers avoid stream entry?
How to find the right Dhamma teacher
Is the Karma theory an essential component of Buddha's teaching?
Monks who are not worthy and worthy
Problems with Inactivity
How to have a relationship
Is fifth precept included in the Noble Eightfold Path?
is buddhism outside the idealism and materialism?
Does Krishnamurti claim of No Path, No Progress, No Goal fit with Buddhist thought?
Why should Mahayana practitioners strive for anything at all?
Can one become so sensitive by an enlightenment that one can't have people near/around you?
Neighbour from "hell"
Is nirvana a process?
Need help understanding this
Wise reflection on Dhamma with momentary concentration, without meditation
Does self end after death?
Laws and rules and Dhamma
How accurate is AN 9.20 – Velāma Sutta?
Does DN2 and MN36 provide an irrefutable statement on the fact of rebirth?
Cosmic expansion and cosmic contraction
Is this picture of a statue of the Shakyamuni Buddha?
What should one meditate upon as a beginner?
What happens to grasping at 'self' after termination of life?
How to stop comparing oneself with others?
How many levels of enlightenment are there?
What is the difference between Jhana and Samadhi?
Is it true that there are 5 principal types of meditations?
Questions to deniers of traditional view on Rebirth
Formal Meditation Laziness
Suttas where Buddha taught laypeople after heaven they will be reborn in hell?
How to manage insects in the house while adhering to the First Precept?
About the "knower" disappearing during vipassana
Delayed speech as right speech
Best advice to deniers of rebirth?
How can we know that we experience sensations as a series of discrete sensations?
Is it possible to describe nibbana?
Is there an end to the suffering in general?
What would be the secular interpretation for the Assu Sutta and the Mata Sutta?
Emotional Eating
How do we know numbers of past lives and rebirths?
Is there any kind of stress and suffering the Buddhas medicine would not help?
Why is sniffing a flower considered to be stealing?
When were Buddhist suttas written?
The Experience of What Arises
Which is the easiest of the four paths for a novice lay practitioner?
Questions about strong acceptance of rebirth?
Is there an anicca→anatta→dukkha description of the three marks?
If I reach absorption concentration are the hindrances fully gone?
Do the english user translate "monk making it his object to let go" as "monk knowing nibbāna", right?
Is the belief in no rebirth conditioned by craving?
Mindful driving
Ultimate Lack of Discipline
Lethargy: Short Versus Long Sessions
Who are this people in white, often attend to monks?
What are Gandhari Charm and Manika Charm told by Buddha?
What is right view regarding rebirth?
What increases the Anisanasa of Dāna (the rewards of giving)?
Is ignorance eradicated after breakup of the physical body?
Did the Buddha narcistically judge people unfairly with self-conceit?
The Bane of Social Media
Sutta on the two kinds of (debt) giver, people of guṇā?
Would a wise and compassionate person advice one to figue things out by oneself?
Can karma be destroyed by other Niyamas?
Does meditation increase sensitivity to sense perceptions and why?
References, Suttas, on the effects of rejecting (gifts)
Is this concept of Non-self correct?
What are the cases where a karma's fruit is destroyed?
Lack of 'samvega' the root cause that no merits are made?
What is the sutta in which the Buddha described focusing the mind as similar to whittling?
What is the difference between Dhithi (view) and Panna (wisdom)?
How did Buddhism and Hinduism differ in their approaches to sex work
What are the best question-and-answer sequences on Buddhism?
Are teaching on gratitude and "duty" nessesary?
Demotivation and Nihilism
Asking questions a "childish" way to learn, to teach?
From Buddhas point of view, is what is common called preaching unskillful not benefical?
Is shame and remorse unskillful?
Was Buddha ever born as an elephant?
Sexual disinterest
Should Buddhists in India celebrate diwali (New moon of November)?
After Nibbana, can one be reborn again in Samsara?
Appreciating Nature Aesthetically
Budhist monastery rituals
What is life-continuum?
Attachment and Aversion Continuum
Mindfulness is leading to anxiety and depersonalisation
Buddhism and Procrastination
Should I hate them who else hates me?
Why is there so little emphasis on "mundane" mindfulness?
Is nibbana the only next world in reality?
Are bhanga and sotapatti synonyms?
Ideal Experience in Buddhism
What is the deal with "instant" Karma?
Upekkha and Non-attachment in Buddhism
Did Siddhartha Gautam become Buddha using Vipassana alone?
Equanimity in extreme disturbance cases
Is equanimity more sublime that an excellent act?
How to use inner feeling (intuitive feeling) while taking refuge
Is there a canonical reference for the story about the war between the Buddha's relatives?
Recurring Lack of Compassion
Why do I experience a second, floating body when body scanning?
Is it ethical to develop software for financial company?
Unity of Wisdom
Object-based Meditation Versus Objectless Meditation
Annatta and taking responsibility
What are the 10 sammādiṭṭhis, ten right views?
How comes that praising oneself and blame others is unskillful but the teacher of it does?
Why can't we call Nirvana as our true self?
Should person with schizophrenia have children?
Lack of Pleasure and Joy
Biology, Brain tumours and mental disorders, behaviour and Budhism
How to live life after acknowledging anatta?
Present moment awareness
What are the characteristics of karmaless action?
Tackling Addictions Directly VS Meditation
Is it a good or bad sign that meditation is sometimes a frightening and nervous activity?
What is Mastery of reflectionJhana mastery
Authenticity of rules for monks and nuns
Meditation and Pleasure
Meditation for Stress and Anxiety
Tolerating Sensations VS Diminishing them
Why would a non-dualist mind choose the Bodhisattva path once it has stopped differentiating between suffering and non-suffering?
Self-Compassion and Wisdom
Supposed one could give you Cockayne, would you strife for Nibbana?
Pattern of Strong Aversion
Why should I give a bowl full of rice to a monk if there is no rebirth?
What is the relationship between dana and tax?
Mountain Monk Diets
Meditation's Effect on Strong Attachment
Priority of Meditation
Orgasm and Virya
Balancing the Five Powers
What means HRI above lotus and moon?
What was the reason why Buddha taught reincarnation?
Which consciousness/es are involved in meta-congnition (thinking about thinking)?
Instability of Mood
Vinaya non-offence complications?
What is Dharma-Body of the Buddha?
Questions About Pleasure in Visual Senses
Please Recommend Pure Land / Other Power Buddhism Books
What is the meaning of the word Uncreate?
Concentration Meditation and Alertness
Dealing with Anger and Criticism
Willpower in Buddhism
Emptiness and Mental Disposition
intellectualism or anti-intellectualism and Buddhism
How to increase will power?
Establishing What is Not Dhamma
What are the conditions necessary for Nibbana?
Talents/Skills we possess as Humans
Searching for a Pali sutta where Buddha said "Enough!" to rebirth speculations
What is Right View, and how can it be applied in the contemporary world?
Buddhism practices on decease
After samadhi what?
Arising of Contact, Feeling, Perception, Thinking
Sutta Question about 4 ways of debating
Type of Energy from Meditation
Identification with Negative States
Is it common for Buddhists in eastern countries to be close-minded and lacking in diversity?
Paths of Buddhism & Possibility of Compassion
Concentration as a Trait
Correct Version of Meditation
How many times has someone taken birth into samsara?
Questions on Attachment, Entertainment and Pleasure
Wholesome Pleasures
What is the difference between mano and citta?
Does everything happen for a reason?
Pitfalls of answers: what are effects of answers having be received, yet knowing they where wrong?
Helpful: Is an idea of being helpful, such an intent, a secure attribut of skilful action?
What is buddhism point of view on money laundering?
What canon do you follow to modify the Buddha's views as knowledge advances?
Why did Buddha passed away in fourth Jhana?
Would the Buddha Shelter us from being offended?
Am I holding the right views?
Did the Buddha ever argue in saying "there are no people"?
Expaining The Holocaust & karma to a non-Buddhist
Where can I find sources for historical data on Buddhist populations in various regions around the world?
What is the meaning of 'acala sukha'?
Occasional doubt in Buddhist Teachings
Why did Buddha praise the vedic Agnihotra as the foremost sacrifice?
can you help translate dhammpada 183?
Can someone explain the difference classification and referencing between english tipitaka and thai tipitaka?
Best way to develop different meditation practices (simultaneously or not)
Did Pudgalavada Buddhists claim the the "person" existed between lives and / or in one life?
When you get a nightmare could the message in it be right?
Increases in Physical Energy, Virya
Possible Potential Buddhist
Meditation itch
A person of integrity (Sappurisa Sutta)
Where does the Dalai Lama say '... be a better whatever you already are'?
Different meditation approaches within Theravada
Has any Buddhist philosopher claimed space is ideal because it is a whole?
Using music to uplift mood and alleviate depression
Would Siddhartha Gautama have agreed with modern forms of Buddhism?
In what sutta/suttas did Buddha stated "I never admire samsara/bhava"?
vipassana progress questions
Personal practices of meditation
The monk who ignored his visiting wife and infant son
Is there an absolute and known hierarchy in the Dharma?
Experience of meditation
Anatta & Atman the same thing?
Does the Dalai Lama have bodyguards?
Selfless charity to poor and needy
Illusion of continuity
Why translate 'X etadahosi' as 'the thought occurred to X'?
How to do metta for a long time (before sleep)?
"Monks" includes everybody?
single word for metta in English language
Bodhicitta and the path of knives?
What is the Pali word for mundane knowledge ?
Were all Buddha's born in India?
Only thoughts were experienced during practice
How does a monk cope with all the bad things happening in the world if the only thing monks do is sitting and meditating?
Time and duration to meditate
Will mindfulness help me in observing patterns and learning to keep away from a toxic person?
How to be mindful while doing routine activites like walking on a street known for years?
When should I stop my brain from going on auto-pilot mode?
Meditation Retreat Question
If every bad event is because of karma, how can anyone ever murder an arhat or buddha?
Is Lineage vital?
Rebuke of Jains - resource after Bodhis approach
Reincarnation and stem cell research
How to recognize stream entry?
Why doesn't Mara suffer?
If buddha never got angry, why do so many buddhist teachers say anger is inescapable?
Is impermance provable?
How to lose identification with my body and physical appearance
What is doctrine on ordinary daily posture?
Arbitrary conception?
If someone causes me pain but I don’t lament it, feel sorrow about it- what circumstance, if any, warrants acting against the person causing pain?
Accepting what is
Does craving include basic survival drives like hunger, thirst, reproduction?
If there is no self, why do anything?
Dhamma by pictures, teaching with sgins, gestures and emos, a usual?
Clothes and appearance: How does it matter in daily practice?
How to deal with being ignored?
Where can one find guidance from a teacher next year in 2018?
Did Buddha ever get sick or injured?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of attempts to describe Nirvana in scripture?
Regarding mindfulness during practice
Might be possible to gain highest bliss without a loyal relationship?
Personal practice regarding stream entry
How can the concept of Anicca be linked to Sunyata?
Saving the stink bug
What are the arguments behind the relatively late dating of Khuddaka Nikaya and Abhidhamma Pitaka?
Understanding beginningless
What are the different Buddhist views on marriage?
Whether knower disappears automatically after doer disappeared?
Why don't monks get married?
Is samsara without end?
Can a one-pointed mind and a unified mind alternate?
Concept of Vedana as expounded in Theravada Buddhism
Is an analogy between karma and modern day physics possible?
Common denominator between forms of happiness included in dukkha
Is it possible to make an oath to control one's actions?
Everything I do is motivated by greed/aversion. How to react?
Questions of Faith
Why does Buddhism seem to have more than one goal?
Samatha meditation feels a space at the top of the head?
Formal training in Buddhism
How does Buddhism see Required Military Service?
Stage of my personal practice
Question about Narakas
Renunciation and Negative Mysticism (Escaping from ones Dharma)
What does 'corrupted' (world or society) mean?
Greed over meat
What is the role of karma in the wheel of becoming?
Pathway to Nirvana
Can a Bhikkhu yell at or beat a lay person under the vinaya?
Greed and karma
Why do we still don't know exact birth & date year of the Buddha?
How come Devdutta is also Buddha's brother-in-law?
Vajrayana VS theravada - after death theories - do they contradict each other?
Is jhana taught in Pure Land Buddhism?
What are Buddhist perspectives on psychedelic drugs?
Is Mahāyāna Mahāparinirvāṇa Sūtra later creation?
My explanation of six realms of existence
self-hypnotization-autosuggestion - chanting
Are there any prohibitions on participating in other religion's practices?
What is Mastery In Reviewing?
Why Buddha rejected Upanishad and Veda?
past memory of recall previous life
Music and Buddhism
Is there a Buddhist explanation for why envy manifests as hatred?
What is the meaning of the word Sankhara?
How are there good overweight monks?
Personal practice regarding meditation
Which eliminate the hindrance permanently Noble eightfold path or supermundane?
Craving-clinging leads to volitional actions that can be used for duties. If I let go of craving, how would I do duties to family?
Chuthi Patisandhi chitta
For a non-believer, what good does realizing impermanence do?
The spirit of five precepts
Jobs indirectly related to the meat business
Different interpretations of the 6 realms
Meditation - how to breathe naturally?
The mind experiment of rebirh
kamma wise why cant i do a steady practice
What does the first para of Lonaphala Sutta mean?
How do we guarantee the accuracy and validity of Buddhist scriptures?
Killing a terrorist by official government army consider as bad karma?
How can we say no without giving explanations?
How can I escape the suffering of losing my Father?
effectivness of removing triggers for temptations?
Which branches of Buddhism acknowledge the Parable Sutra?
Did the Buddha ever teach logic?
Is there any AI that teach the Dhamma?
What makes a great a spiritual leader? Is it nature or nurture or something else?
Does kama have a place in the life of a practitioner after losing kamacchanda?
Do beings have control where they get re-incarnated
Why are desires in The Five Hindrances only about "sensual" desires?
Where can I get authentic Yab-Yum statues/figurines?
Five precepts and lower realms
What is the meaning of the word Dhamma?
Who actually is the 'Devil King Of the Sixth Heaven'?
Buddhism and theory of relativity
Not understanding Jhana Mastery Of Reflection?
Permission of your parents in your renunciation
Good is not different from Bad?
Does sottapana have perfect morality (sila)?
Decoupling happiness from state of the world: Useful? Against human nature?
What happen before the Devil King of the Sixth Heaven create Samsara?
Existence of Absolute time
is it possible to send merit for a future action ?
Reborn in heaven and perfect sila/morality
What could a lay follower do to increase his zeal to become a monk?
Pushing onself too much?
Does Buddhism have an answer to disturbing sexual fantasies?
Hesitation between Buddhism and Advaita Vedanta
Mental ilness, causes and apaya realms
Assuming empathy is a worldly thing (which i believe it is), why does/would a buddha try to help others find the way?
Marriage and Buddhism
How can I forget my old girlfriend?
Relationship between karma and science
Leave pain while enjoying life?
How is dharma formed?
How to view people with metta and karuna?
Inter-relation between the four brahmaviharas?
Can someone provide explanation on dependent origination
Beliefs about the 14th Dalai Lama
Eternalism and Mahayana Buddhism
What would a sotapanna do?
In Mahayana Buddhism, do they expect everyone to become a Buddha? If so how can any Buddha help anyone to attain enlightenment?
A practice built on positive incentive?
How to exercise goodwill in social circle?
Is there any way to decipher sensations in the body during Vipassana?
What happens to one in a locked in syndrome?
Madhyamaka, Mādhyamaka, Madhyamika, Mādhyamika?
How does the 2nd Noble truth explain the cause of suffering-as-suffering (e.g. resulting from a severe burn)?
What is your Dhamma?
Why don't animals(animal realm) commit suicide?
Can I practice Buddhism on my own?
Is it "bad" to want a "materialistic" happiness?
Translation of Parayana - definition
Buddhism on depression?
what is the love described in Buddhism?
Vicious circle of karma
Is the new "Spread Mind" philosophy actually Buddhism?
Can animals realise the Four Noble Truths?
What is the importance of intention in Buddhism?
How this quote by Mahathma Ghandi is compatable with non-violence teaching of Buddhism?
How do you understand Ananda Sutta?
Fecal and Urine medicines, what are the recipes?
I've always had a feeling that there is more to life and death. Is this normal?
Speaking falsehood is sinful. Does it mean speaking is the truth is no sinful?
Meaning of the Pali-word "sampajanasi"?
How accurate is Ozamu Tetsuka "Buddha" with the real biography of Buddha?
Do we believe psychic and supernatural powers of Buddha?
Thoughts and meditation.
What titles apply to non-monastic/lay Buddhists? (upasaka/upasika savaka/sravaka)
Types of Jhana!
What are the catalysts in eightfold path which speed up our endeavor?
Importance of good moral conduct
Does rational thinking avoid dogma and enhance our wisdom?
What would be the motivation for an arahant to perform generous deeds?
I do not know what is my Dhamma anymore; Can anyone help?
Does Vinaya allow monks to do priestly rituals for the laity?
What does Buddhism say about boredom?
How does one know the difference between aversion and danger?
Difference between Attachment and Goals
Duty to parents?
Inferiority because of failure in meditation
Third precept and parents approval
How to develop patience?
What is the reason why Buddhist monks don't work to support themselves? Do the monastic rules prohibit them from working?
Should I address myself as I/my or you/your to remind myself of non-self?
A path without long meditations?
What is the meditation and what is its purpose?
What is the meaning of Gatha #140 of the Parayanavagga?
Emptiness and Om
Is Buddhism a religion?
If no sentient being exists, for whom is there compassion? 'A Guide to the Bodhisattva Way of Life' by Santideva
Buddhism and Evolution
What else do people who have realized Nirvāṇa do besides teach?
Is it complete shut down of perception and detachment of physical world?
Are either of the two truths Truths (Satya)?
After months of daily meditation I can't concentrate
Karmic remnants after advice
Tatramajjhattatā • Equanimity • In the middle of all that
Where does it say that venerable Moggallana got lost in space?
Cessation of suffering is the main goal of Buddhism, but is cessation of suffering the end goal or does Buddhism pursue Joy beyond end of suffering?
What do different schools of Buddhism say about Mara
Where and what to study - Buddhist compassion and business communication
Rebirth, nibbana, and anatta
Is what is impermanent always the cause of suffering?
How can the term "spirit" be translated into Buddhist doctrine?
Does this statement by Buddhadasa Bhikkhu conflict with traditional mettā meditation?
Is it possible to exercise Metta to all or is Metta only a mental state only? If so how does one act to remain dispassionate?
What the characters of a human being?
Taking Refuge in the Dhamma
Role of IQ in attainment of stream entry
What is yoniso manasikara and ayoniso manasikara?
Metta phrases about safety in ancient and modern times
Does the will to live cease after enlightenment?
What is arupa jhana (5th jhana)?
Can I say my Dhamma is Kamma?
Is meat eating a possibility?
How did Chogyam Trungpa Rinpoche justify drinking alcohol?
Does "married adults living with parents in parents' house" count as breaching the third precept?
What is the difference between householder and renunciation equanimity?
What is rhys david dictionary's license for now?
Going forth into homelessness
Cessation of Taṇhā through not giving a f*ck
Request for explanation on heart sutta
Does consume eggs and fish oil violate the first precept?
The four great elements and scientific equivalent
High doubt on Buddhist teaching
Can humiliation be liberation?
Usefulness of Madhyamaka to personal practice?
A concentrated monk discerns things as they actually are?
Do transformation bodies appear before a buddha reaches enlightenment?
Why must the goal be everylasting? (Anicca)
Is every Dhamma cause of suffering?
What are "lower yanas"
Why shouldn't I identify with Nibanna?
What is Destruction of Lay arahathood?
Sitting Meditation: not able to notice rise and fall of abdomen
May I Still Take Refuge In the Triple Gem?
How to focus on one thing like a monk?
Logic vs Karmic principles
Tonglen - Exchanging Self and Other - Intersubjectivity
What did the Buddha mean by "no truth can be spoken?"
Is the world inherently good or is it something to be shunned?
Sutta that says to do mindfulness in a slow manner
How to stop reverberations running in mind? And why they are in the first place?
How to function properly in society after getting enlightenment?
I want to leave my mother
Observing hindrances & seeing impermanence vs right effort
If Kombucha Tea (trace amounts of alcohol) is used as medicine, is it considered a breach of conduct?
Vipassana Meditation
Maintaining the stealing precept and my morality regarding free, open and equal accesibiity to knowledge
What is the proper way to foster generosity and gratitude?
How to explain that relationship with someone worthy of respect is more than just a friendship?
What exactly is svabhava?
Does Nirvana have svabhava in Madhyamaka?
How does upaya (skillful means) feature in Tibetan Buddhism?
Is luminous mind unconditioned and not impermanent?
Am I feeling pity or compassion?
Why should one not address a venerable as friend?
Right Speech & Precepts
Wanting something
Can anyone explain how 'stimulus / response' appears in Chinese or Japanese Buddhism?
When something goes wrong
Can someone address this critique?
Should Buddhists drive a car or a motorcycle?
Not breaking the first precept vs. developing compassion
Need more information about samanera or sramanera in India(Theravada tradition)?
Studying in nepal
What is worth desiring from the world?
Can a person become a buddha after reaching nirvana?
Vipassana sharpens my ability to feel the feelings of others, but I'm not yet sure how best to use that?
Food and other cravings, and guarding the senses
Getting confused by various methods
Difference between Pin (Punya) and Kusal(Kushala)?
What makes someone become a gay?
Karma and one's own belief about the event
Is Meditation a cure or just fighting of symptoms?
Literature on ending Samsara on micro scale
Why does the third noble truth not include the ten fetters?
Concentrating on Breathing
Cause or how to get rid of ocd compulsions
Sudden enlightenment described in the suttas
Is it disrespectful or unlawful to have dharma tattoo in Sri Lanka?
The extent of free will
What is beyond the realm of Gods.
What are the suttas in which the Buddha describes suffering as "burning"
Is there a connection between Guilt and Fear?
Should my happiness be dependent on the suffering of others?
Did the Buddha teach meditation to lay people?
Should I maintain my mindfulness 24 hours a day?
Supposing mahayana nirvana is permanent does it have substance?
The feeling that one is constantly one step away from enlightenment
Knowingly having to hurt a close person
Support for Parents
Mindfulness of brain -- references?
Are Buddhists hypnotists?
Did the Buddha have advice about dealing with social anxiety?
Is Buddhism Nihilistic?
Where does Buddha mention about Sanatana dharma (Hinduism)?
How does higher virtue lead to sexier heavenly sensual rebirth?
Thai Theravada Buddhism
Dealing with food craving
What does it mean by 'All beings have a Buddha nature'?
Best study tools on the net or books
Did the Buddha die in absorption?
Is Sakyamuni a "higher power"?
Are the physicists suffering?
The dilemma of enlightenment
What to do when overwhelmed with Doubt - Practical Advice
What is the difference between Sakkaya Ditthi and Attanuditthi?
Thinking during Vipassana meditation
Past life memories: what is the purpose of those memories?
Where can I find suttas about the immaterial realm?
Did Gudo Wafu Nishijima claim that there will be no pain for anyone after death?
If Sabbe Dhamma Anatta then is there hope?
Why did Buddhism declined and then almost extinguished in India?
How can mindfulness be maintained while receiving and processing information?
Does anyone know the origin of the Buddhist Prayer of Forgiveness?
Can Buddha be insulted by disrespect?
Question on Divisive Speech
How can one apply the skills developed through Vipassana meditation to overcome FMO/PMO (fantasy, porn, masturbation, orgasm) addiction?
How can Buddhism help me to get rid of a suffering due to a disease?
Stephen Batchelor's current meditation practice
If i use visualization mediation will the nimatta still appear?
What and why is "perception of the dimension of nothingness"?
Does it matter if the mind is neurologically originated or not?
How can one avoid the suffering after getting cheated?
Annoyed by nasal congestion and hyper-salivation during meditation?
Is it fair to say that Buddhism employ misology?
Can loving kindness, compassion and sympathetic joy be developed through Vipassana meditation?
Suitability of Meditation Types
Correct Perspective for Mindfulness
Am I a man of integrity?
Sanditthika Sutta: Visible Here-&-Now
Canonical passages mentioning the 13 dhutaṅga practices
Why are many links on SuttaCentral showing page not found error?
Devotion in Buddhism
What to do after becoming free from suffering and attachments?
Avoiding inner narration while practising Anapanasati
How should I respond to people who fake suffering?
Does meditation lead to incarnation?
Religious experiences in Buddhism
Was Jesus a Buddhist monk named Issa?
What is the word in Pali that is translated as being by some and as becoming by others?
Is kamma relative?
How to cure music influence on mind?
When to delight and when not to delight?
How is one reborn as a chakravartin?
Any living teachers claim to be able to attain vajrasamadhi?
How to make my thoughts non influencial on my happiness and presence?
Lack of objective thinking in Buddhist practitionners
Mindfulness of Breathing vs Mindfulness with Breathing
"The not finding (the mind) is the finding"
Which Buddhists denominations agree with the difference between pain and suffering as in many DBT texts? Which disagree?
Best meditation techniques (mindfulness,vipassana,yoga,zazen,TM,etc) to beat behavioral addictions (food,sex,porn,gambling,internet,videogames,etc)?
How does a forest-dwelling dhutanga practitioner get food?
Is overthinking violate third precept?
Should I do what I don't want to do?
Girimananda sutta
Difficulty with Posture
How to increase my potential in daimoku?
Is insecticide treated mosquito nets against 1st precept?
Avoiding Triggers that can generate negative karma
Om - meaning and "significance" of it in Buddhism - esp. in theravada?
Is OM an imported religious term from Hinduism?
Do thoughts influence everything? Or is this an illusion?
Can the mind be trained to maintain equanimity in the face of compulsive urges/cravings (without giving in / acting out)?
Form is not worth considering as self but is it worth considering as non-self?
Dispassion in Buddhism
Vitakkasanthana Sutta
How is forgiveness defined in Buddhism?
When saying that the aggregate is not-self are we not predicting the existence of a thing called self?
No self and individual responsibility
How to practice ignoring identification with the body?
In what situations can letting go of attachments be painful?
Can a buddha communicate with someone in far away places?
What is Sang Hyang Adhi Buddha?
Setting foot in two different boats
how important is self forgiveness in karma ?
Anapannasati - Why the breath?
How does Paticcasamuppada or 12 Links of Dependent Origination relate to Aversion?
What to do with gathered saliva while Meditating
Does it make sense to talk about origin of self?
Can Buddhism be called as Atheist, Agnostic or Theistic?
Is Mindfulness a poor translation for Sati?
Ambitions - Are they Real or just an Illusion
Looking for examples of "Bad" Men and Women who became Enlightened
Statement from visuddhimagga regarding mental and material body
How to deal with obstacles (with Sutta reference)
Reference request: the ways of the world
How do I get rid of ill will?
Is there a way to hasten the results of bad deeds
Visions of Hell Realm in Contemplation- What does it mean
Why is the problem with the personal pronouns 'I, me and mine'?
Is the lotus position more prone to knee injury?
Do Buddhist texts record or comment on the then-prevalent varna or caste systems?
How does Enlightenment feel like
Importance of the first three Brahmaviharas in Theravadan Buddhism
Compassion is a result of knowledge. But what about Courage?
Is Buddhism in conflict with manliness?
Contradictions from Monks regarding Precepts vs Commandments and punishment
What is intellect-consciousness and why is it different from intellect itself?
Are there any detail exposition of Consciousness without surface (viññanam anidassanam)?
Most effective meditation techniques to develop empathy, love and compassion for others?
What did Buddha say about dysfunctional families for novice practitioners?
Dealing with Contempt and Social Comparison
Drowsiness / Sloth & Torpor
Is eating fish eggs the same as killing?
Judgment, Stereotyping, and Empathic Compassion
Does MN9 imply a cyclic causation? How does it work?
How to get a nymph rebirth in deva heavens?
Is vegetarianism compulsory/obligatory in Nicherin Buddhism?
List of book recommendations
How is Nichiren Buddhism different from other branches of Buddhism?
Do Buddhists believe Buddha to be God? Do Buddhists practice idolatry?
When you see The Light (according to textual sources)
Anapanasati (Forced Breathing)
What is Sanna Samapatti and Nirodha Samapatti?
What are the aggregates made up of?
Going on a Budhist Pilgrimage and Want to Make it as Focused as Possible on the Buddha's Teachings
Should I identify myself as formless?
Someone told me Buddha copied almost everything from Brahmanism, how accurate is that?
The "conventional" self - in what way can it be accepted?
Experience of non self
If our present suffering is the result of bad karma from a prior life, what is the real present remedy for suffering in this life?
What are the requirements in order to happen a complete sin?
How to develop Equanimity or Upeksha?
Spiritualism VS layman's path
When a man life becomes complete
Prayer vs Meditation
Can you translate, from Pali, this sutta about Equanimity?
Dhamma makes one dispassionate then how can one be compassionate?
Killing neighbours dog
What do ethical conduct (sila) and compassion have to do with the cessation of dukkha?
Is it good to tell awakening stories?
Do you know of a Buddhist text explaining why living in a community?
How can consciousness arise without the fuel?
Addiction and Suffering
Is Buddha the root of Dhamma?
How to get rid of thoughts of grandiosness?
Can we own a bird pet which will in a cage?
What are the wholesome qualities?
Earliest usage of "rope or snake" allegory in Buddhist literature?
Looking for mentions of karma related to actions taken while dreaming
Is it forbidden to fight to defend your possessions from a thief?
Other than Nirvana , what else is not changing?
Insight meditation
Guru Yoga at Home?
Is a dream object an existent? How about the face in the mirror?
Spirituality of a life from Buddhism
Can we reach Nirvana without removing ignorance?
Parinibbāna in secular Buddhism
Citta experience during meditation
What is the substantial cause of an instance of consciousness?
How to achieve sotapanna?
Is Vessantara Jātaka in conflict with morality?
Can we define craving without mentioning self?
Was the Buddha a vegetarian?
How do Buddhists reconcile "Anatta" with Buddha supporting the existence of the Self in the Mahayana Mahaparininirvana Sutra?
What are the Three Turnings of the Wheel of Dharma according to Tibetan Buddhism?
Reference wanted for "To see your past karma, look at your present body (and environment)...."
Is owning a restaurant considered wrong livelihood?
Upaya in Theravada Buddhism and the Pali Canon
Did Dignaga argue against real relations?
What is real meanning of Prathipathi poojawa?
What is meant by setting the "wheel" of Dharma in motion?
Meditate about friend's death
Are learning signs and counterpart signs a must to enter jhana?
Sleep, rest and meditation?
Husband has sexual activity with other woman with the consent of wife
What does mass donation of the Dhamma mean?
During insight meditation
Severe sensations in throat during Vipassana
What is meant by unchastity is the taint in a woman?
Is the definition of sexual misconduct now obsolete?
Does sexual liberalism lead to rebirth in the hungry ghost realm?
What is meant by "those crowned with flowers by another man"?
How important is motivation in determining the virtue/non-virtue of a karmic action?
Most efficient (timewise) meditation techniques to experience joy and bliss?
Sutta advice on obstacles and insults, similar to Epictetus' (Stoic) advice?
Family feuds... is there a path that walks through the fire without burning oneself?
What kind of mental state does the meditation on four elements generate?
List of Buddhist podcast recommendations
Is there any online serious community of Dhamma practitioners to join?
Can not wanting to have a child be justified under the framework of Buddhism?
What does "developed in discernment" mean?
What is the difference between moha (delusion) and avijja (ignorance)?
Showing anatta from modern psychology or neuroscience?
Why should progress in meditation lead to rebirth in a more worldly setting?
Is there a difference between the 32 physical characteristics and the the 32 physical marks?
Buddhist monks give advice for lay life
Which mindfulness technique should I choose?
Why do I have swaying/floating feeling after completing 10 day Vipassana course?
What will be a video game version of Buddhist Samsara be like?
What is the mind-state during vipassana after anger disappears?
What is the mark of cessation?
How to mitigate the negative karmic effect of killing
Buddhism and miracles
How to die professionally?
In what ways are the Advaita concept of 'Nirguna Brahman' and the Buddhist concept of Buddha Nature similar and different?
English translation of Vipallāsakathā
Is Nirvana the goal, for Zen and Theravada?
How much concentration do I need to practice vipassana?
Hereditary illness and kamma
Does Nibbana mean not self?
Are there any translations available from the Gandharan Buddhist Texts? When will they be available?
What is wisdom in vipassana meditation?
What is meant by escape from all signs?
Spontaneity in Zen
How to reconcile non-attachment in a Type-A, North American culture where work is life?
What *is* intrinsically real? Is the "unconditioned", "absolute", or "ultimate" intrinsically real?
What does 'loke' mean, in 'Sabba Loke Anabhirata Saññā' (not taking delight in 'worlds')?
Why did Tsongkhapa list guru devotion first in his Lamrim while Atisha did not?
Why does Lama Atisha say those "observing pure conduct" shouldn't take (some) Tantric initiations?
Difference between Buddhist and materialist views of no self?
Responsibility in Buddhism
What does Buddhism teach about the start and end of world?
Why did the Lord Buddha criticize natthikavādaṃ (moral nihilism)?
Is there a way to speed up the extinguishment of bad karma?
What is opinion of Nichiren Buddhism on the concept of a Creator or Supreme Being?
How long would it take to enter 3rd and 4th Satipatthana?
Importance of making and sharing merit
How should one be mindful of death?
How do I practise meditation according to the Satipatthana Sutta?
Have Buddhas escaped samsara?
How does Karma work for an inventor who changed lives of millions?
About wisdom during meditation
(Why) did the Buddha teach rebirth?
Does SN44.9 imply an intermediate state between births?
Why have I awoken Now?
What is Aarya Upavaada?
Why walking meditation is not mentioned in the ways of attending to mindfulness?
Is "the mind is without feature or surface, limitless, ..." in the Pali canon?
In breathing mindfulness ,why only long and short breaths are taken into consideration?
Under what conditions should Buddhists proselytize other Buddhist traditions?
What Nichiren Buddhism says about rebirth and reincarnation?
How is enlightenment or mindfulness reflected in the functioning of the aggregates?
if the self is an illusion - all my relationships are illusion too?
About kamathanha during vipassana
How is the pendulum understood in Buddhism?
Isn't the act of Prince Vessantara giving his children away extreme?
Does suffering entail being overwhelmed for the person who is suffering?
How to get to know the state of mind
How is the "manifestion" (pātubhāvo) of the earth element the arising (uppāda) of suffering?
Does "abhinibbatti" mean "reincarnation" in the Pali suttas?
Does the Pali word "sattā" mean "sentient beings"?
Buddha's past lives in the Pali Suttas outside of Jataka
On personal practice of meditation
What is the fastest way to reach enlightenment?
How to complete the first Jhana?
What are these three things Buddha cannot do?
As a Buddhist, is it right to say that anything about Buddhism is right?
Does Buddhism uphold/advocate the theory of Evolution [Nichirenism]?
Are monks allowed to have prescriptions? What did the Buddha say of medicine?
Mild and severe forms of the three poisons
Impermanence: How do we know when a thing ends or if it's just changing?
Seeing there is no subject experiencing subject and object?
How to experience Anatta
Conscience in Buddhism
How to meditate before going to bed and after waking up?
How to know the progressive state of mind in insight meditation
What is the difference between Tanha and Upadana?
Seeking scriptural source for "all defilements temporarily suppressed when in jhana"
How can Name-and-form be the cause and condition for the manifestation of the consciousness aggregate?
Kamma associated with "Provocation"
Feeling of unbecoming & losing I-hood
How should I express Mudita or Joy for all beings?
Is samatha meditation more suited to lay people than vipassana?
What is eradication of the fetter of identity-view (sakkāya-diṭṭhi)?
Buddhism and Stereotyping Perceptions
Effectiveness of Body Contemplation (Asubha Bhavana)
Sila before samatha, samatha before vipassana according to AN 11.1-3?
What is the Universal Mind?
Why should I focus on that which is not mine?
Does sankhara disappear in Samantha meditation or insight meditation?
Due to coming together of what does the dream arise?
Is it unethical to teach mindfulness for money?
Anatta during meditation
Why does the Buddha, in the Pali Canon, periodically engage in harsh speech?
What is mental phenomenon?
How to extend the counter-part sign? What even is this?
How do I practice ' see things as they are'?
What’s the difference between yathābhūta and yathābhūtaṃ?
Sex Before Marriage
Sexual Coersion within a Sangha
Is it true that whatever is subject to cessation is subject to origination?
Kakacūpama Sutta and Mistress Vedehika
The "awakened" outside of a monastic/retreat setting?
Infinite loops of Rebirths
What is the difference between destruction of craving and cessation of craving?
Ten fetters in saṃsāra during meditation
Buddhist views on transgender issues
Does anyone read the part 2 of Nagarjuna's karika as an argument about infinite divisibility?
Difficulty with Meditation Posture
How to Sustain Alertness
Did the Buddha intend for everyone to be enlightened?
In which context did the Buddha say this, about ordaining women?
Does thought lead to existence?
What did the Buddha do, and what does a teacher do, to teach?
Can we apply the bundle of reeds simile to all limbs of Dependent Origination?
Can sankharas and craving arise without attachment?
Are Samskara in Pratītyasamutpāda a cohesive collection of memories or imprints?
Is Vinanna a Reification of Recognition?
If consciousness is a Reification, how does a Buddha attain the Truth?
Food enchanted by spells (SN 7.8)
What is papañca
Why is in the budda days, jhana seem so easily attainable but so hard now?
How does *Buddhist* meditation differ from others and lead to awakening?
Personal practice of vipassana meditation
I had peace initially while meditating and then lost it?
Anapanasati and Metta
Dealing with colleagues who hate me after mistake
Was the Buddha a bodhisattva (for the benefit of all) before his awakening?
In satipatthana, how does mindfulness lead to nirodha?
What effect does mindfulness have on dependent origination?
2 words/phrase like mantra chanting (Bud- dho) to strengthen contemplation
How can I keep from feeling dishearted while trying to live mindfully
lady sayadev, saygi u ba khin goenka lineage vipassan
Doubts and Ungathered Mind
Can knowledge of suchness or emptiness be achieved through cessation of conceptualization?
Pro's and cons of Buddhist books
Help writing a Buddhist book?
What's the awakened state like?
Will someone explain rebirth and the differences between reincarnation?
How personality view disappears?
What weight has the kamma when forced to do bad things as a child?
Eradication of identity view is a cause or effect of stream entry?
are mundane acts of compassion meaningful?
Mindfulness during walking meditation
What do you say to share your deeds after you have donated something?
How can Buddhism help with bad habits?
Stop influence on mind
What is "Patigha", and how does it differ from "Dosa"?
Is there a source that Dalai Lama wants scientists to invent a "meditation machine"?
References for not receiving alms in exchange for Dhamma teaching
Buddhism and Semiotics?
Unintended but mindless action resulted in death of a living thing
Why is lust considered as being unskillful?
What are the six sense Indriyas?
How do your thoughts appear to you? (asking for mechanics)
From which text is the quote by Buddha “My practice is the nonpractice, the attainment of nonattainment” taken?
Vipassana and sleep quality disturbance
I like pigeons, And I like to make homing pigeon for my house, is it good act or bad?
What's the difference between remorse and shame of evil?
Different Pali words for remorse or regret
Is "The body never lies" supported in the suttas?
Beginner Buddhist Breathing?
The meaning v of this phrase in Satipattana Sutta
What is the middle way?
Do arhats exist after death?
How to enter the second Jhana?
Avoiding neck pain
I need an answer as to why i received a mother who makes me feel like an outcaste?
Vipassana meditation with samadhi
Are there any Buddhist monasteries near Varanasi?
the foot feels the foot when it feels the ground
Non duality in daily life
What is the difference between mindfulness and concentration?
Harmlessness as the highest form of generosity?
Are there any higher education opportunities in Buddhism?
Health anxiety - how to deal with it?
Does the question further?
Non duality and eternal life
Lying In Expression
Need some pointers about the current phase
How to chant the mantra Nam Myoho Renge Kyo?
Is there a sutta which answers where a nirvanaised consciousnesses is after death and comapres it to a fire going out?
About the vipassana jhana
How did the Buddha subdue fear and terror while standing, sitting, etc.?
"..but don't become attached" Do we have control whether we attach or not?
Buddhism type by country
Two types of satipaṭṭhāna - which has jhana?
Interdependence in regards to myself and the universe
Is Buddhism antinatalist?
Would a true Buddhist engage in the No True Scotsman fallacy?
Spiritual & 'Worldly' Pleasures
What is the difference between Citta contemplation and Dhamma contemplation in Satipathana?
Meditation and body scan
Is there any biological constraint to attain Nibbana?
Sila & (Non)Remorse AN 10.1
Holding my breath
What is a Buddhist approach to reducing envy?
Favourite Mahayana inspirational texts/treaties
According to Buddhism ,what is God?
How can I end my attachment to holidays?
Will an electronic gadget designed on reward/punishment mechanism of brain help improve meditation?
The Buddha's struggle with the first absorption
Practice of Dhamma and loss of masculinity
why can't we swap one desire for another and another?
Was Gautama Buddha's wife Yesodhara in any way instrumental in Him becoming a Buddha?
Isnt the illusion better? of a self?
In what ways the Way removes the craving?
Where is DN.iii.106?
Do monks sneeze and cough?
How to develop energy, rapture, tranquility and immersion?
How to regain Enlightenment?
Is pīti physical and sukha emotional?
Mano and Citta possible translations?
How is negligence dealt with?
What is the opinion of Buddhism on the caste system and untouchability of Hinduism?
Why aren't there 5 Noble Truths?
As a Buddhist how do I get over hatred towards my previous religion?
What is the best strategy to confront Non-Buddhist ideology?
Did Buddha ever get angry after enlightenment?
What is anger. How it is different from violence?
How do I refute the claim that the Buddha was actually preaching Vedanta?
How to refute the claim that the Buddha was an "avatar" of Vishnu?
Can an objective criticism of somebodies work, which might hurt feelings, violate 'Right Speech' precept?
How can we stop overthinking?
How should I stop my craving for money and people?
Did the Buddha believe in rebirth and reincarnation?
Why aren't more people interested in Dhamma?
what do you think of Miracles as mentioned in the Suttas and in the Oral traditions found in Hinduism and Buddhism?
how desire for cessation, never to be reborn, is different from desire for non-being?
Buddhism on vasthu shastra
Which commitment should I make?
Can meditation heal physical diseases?
Is Atma energy?
How can we make sense of the Universe from the Buddhist perspective?
How to intentionally move to second jhana
Is working in government insurance company right livelihood?
English translation of the Samyutta Nikaya
A person being enlightened by a non-enlightened
What constitutes virtue and how to train myself in virtue?
What do you do to prepare for death?
Why meditate? want a truthful answer without spiritual terms?
What is the meaning of the pali word "Viveko"?
As a lay follower how to deal with uncontrollable sexual urges?
Are there any recollections of past lives in the more grievous realms?
"Lower rebirth" -- Are animals really "lower" than us?
Is there a mistranslation of definition of ignorance?
Does the Dhamma suggest to change external unfavourable conditions
As Buddhists, what do you make out of the tragedy of Tibet?
Why are all the Buddhas born in Indian subcontinent only?
Ignorance and the root of suffering?
Awakened Great Zen Master Seung Sahn - is it possible he lost the state of Nibbana?
Are the Pali words "cause" ("hetu'), "condition" ("paccaya"), "nutriment" ("ahara") and "root" ("mula") synonyms?
Buddhism And Dimension
Can you criticise or improve Ven. Bodhi's description of Mahayana
Describe the Mahayana path
How are the fetters by Anapanasati diminished?
What is meant by statement "the one who sees Dhamma sees dependent origination"?
Do the Pali suttas teach about "interrelatedness"?
If you cannot can save others then why is your practice more worthy than anything else?
Is there a list of things to abandon before abandoning craving?
How to understand a second order Karma?
Definition of Sathpurisha
As a Buddhist, how shall we make sense of the notion that there is no such thing as a Soul?
Conscious death and afterlife meditation
Why can't I appreciate my own life?
How does the craving lead to lust, hatred and delusion?
Question about Vipassana
Buddha's night before enlightenment
Question about metta
How is a mindstream associated with human forms?
How to "abandon the fetters completely"?
Should we feel good about life?
Substrate consciousness and Rigpa
Books on Buddhism for Beginners
How can I live life knowing other people work so hard for so little and people and animals suffer
How can mindfulness/awareness be employed effectively for Forgiveness?
Buddha's self-declaration without identity view and without conceit
Suttas on the 5 Precepts
Critique of interview with secular Buddhist author of "Why Buddhism is True"
Does truth of emptiness imply that nothing existent ever ends?
Meditation, sleep paralysis, spinal vibration
Is it correct to say that 'one who craves for ...' and imply existence of self?
Is experience dependently arisen?
Can a girl & a boy be friends
Is this talk just a convention?
Definition of perception
Does the absence of the son of a barren woman truly exist?
Does Mahayana Buddhism worship the Buddha as a God and, if so, why?
Which case is "I am a professor" with identity view?
The Philosophy of Zen
Is this a beginning of anatta? Where to go from here?
Vinaya Rule of a Monk saying he's an arahant
Reference request for "the Buddha takes the Dhamma as his superior"
Does any real existent or genuine person end with parinibbana?
Do the words Sacred, Divine and Spiritual have any context in Buddhism?
Difference between Theravada's self and Mahayana's intrinsic essence
Does Theravada posit the selflessness of phenomena?
If Theravada doesn't posit the selflessness of phenomena, then how to interpret SN 22.95?
Reference for Thoughts like rain drop bubbles
What is the best of Jhanas and breathing meditation?
Abhidhamma on Chittas and Chetasikas of Bi-polar disorders, Autism, and many mental disorders
Is the self an illusion or is it *like* an illusion?
Is an 'Existential Crisis' a necessary condition to start on the path of Dhamma?
How to navigate the impracticality of Sigalovada sutra?
Sutta reference or teachings about Sleep timings?
Do the words, Dharmakaya, Nirmanakaya or Samboghakaya appear in any Teravada Buddhist Scriptures?
Dhammaṭṭhitatā and Dhammaniyāmatā versus "Ontology" & "Phenomenology"
Are social interactions always helpful in solving problems?
Need better examples for assuming self to be non-form aggregates
Mahayana view on why Theravada's anatta is insufficient to uproot ignorance?
What is a skillful way to meditate in the midst of a migraine headache?
Suffering due to non-self-related preconceived notions in Theravada
Swapping around the three Jewels
How does Theravada practice to obtain the direct knowledge of anatta?
In which text first time "Gautama leaving Yashodhara for searching truth" story is written?
Going to extremes?
How do I proceed to seriously study Buddhism?
A noobs balance. Where to go on my journey?
Is it possible to attain wrong mindfulness and wrong concentration?
How do zen practitioners balance the mix between Buddhism detachment and Taoism attachment?
Source on the 4 types of ways to protect the 5 precepts
Can you kill yourself with meditation?
Is the Mahayana shunyata same as the Theravada papanca?
What does MN 18's "delineate a delineation" phrase mean?
Buddhavamsa and the 29 Buddhas
What are false unchanging entities?
Do Buddhist children from outside of Buddhist countries ever become monks temporarily?
How can I smile when existence itself is dukkha?
Is it possible to Take Refuge in the Three Jewels, but still learn spiritual wisdom from teachers in other religions?
Does false self = no self?
What is Buddhist doctrine on the question of counterfactual definiteness?
Are all of the five aggregates saṅkhāras?
Are there any Buddhist charities or organisations funding education in Buddhist studies?
Can students evaluate qualifications and accept a person as their teacher?
Is it true that arahants don't have sati?
Was something done by me?
If all things are impermanent, then how can Buddhism make absolute assertions?
Statues I can't find anything about
Why the view "I am the owner of my karma" not contradict anatta?
What is (so special) different about Dzogchen?
Is Scientific Realism/Materialism and/or Historicity compatible with Mahayana?
What are the four dharma seals?
Linking Madhyamaka emptiness to Theravada emptiness through papanca
Effects of modern culture (Movies/Gaming) on karmic reactions
Egoic voice in head
How will I know that this state of no suffering will last forever?
Mahayana doctrine about dreams and illusions
What are the Tibetan sketches in the movie Samsara called?
Too much Dhamma in modern age
If Buddhists believe that life is just suffering why don't they just kill themselves?
Kosher, Halal and Buddhism
Death of Moggallana
Is the existence of life & teaching Dhamma a form of attachment?
How do you reach Nirvana when you are craving Nirvana?
Is Buddha a source of suffering?
Difference between desire (chanda) and craving (tanha)?
Is there any meditation technique to develop the feeling of Gratitude?
Bodhisattva wisdom vs. Arhat Wisdom
Is the "life force" and the "breathing" the same thing?
Did the Thai monk Bhikkhu Buddhadasa teach Anapansati incorrectly?
After attaining Nirvana will I remember that I was once without Nirvana?
Given everything is Dhamma , isn't it true that he who sees me sees Dhamma?
What is actually Nirvana -- what are some Tripitaka sources?
Do meditation or chanting make one less agitated?
Why is real magic not a good illustration to realize Truth?
If Nirvana is unconditional then why is it not happening now?
Does the Consciousness vanish when the objects of consciousness are removed?
Is there an antibuddha?
Can someone give references of the four stages of enlightenment in the four major Nikayas?
Can we say cause/causes behind the world is/are eternal?
Are there different types of enlightenment?
Is it only possible to pay attention to one thing at a time?
Is insisting on calling “consciousness” a real thing appropriate?
Sexual thoughts coming with full pace to silent mind
I have some metta problem
Why does the Noble Eightfold Path work?
Is it true that everything is unconditionally changeable?
Does the Buddha suggest a change in practice after the unfolding of Sotapanna?
Online reference to AA.i.254
Effort in Practice
How to avoid apathy in the absence of self?
Of the two extremes (eternalism vs nihilism) the latter is more harmful. Reference?
How can we conclude that something is unarisen and eternal?
What are some of the sutra's related to the Twelve Links (Nidanas)?
If the self is scientifically measured, what is the Buddhist view on this?
For what reason did Dharmakirti argue that absences are conceptual constructions?
Vijñāna and Śūnyatā... How are they seen as different?
How does the Buddha address powerful spiritual experiences in monks?
Is it necessary to use a whole variety of meditation techniques?
What does it mean to find a teacher?
Lord Buddha and Chakravartin
What to do when music gets played in the mind
Why wouldn't one say "I am the watcher"?
Is it correct to say that true compassion (not trying to be) only manifest when there is wisdom?
Is mindfulness for quick enlightenment being exaggerated in the Sutta MN10?
GAUTAM -Buddha(BUDDHADEV) and The capability of having several lives for an ordinary man or hallucination?
What is the difference between mindfulness and detachment?
How did my soul end up in the cycle of samsara?
Delusion,fear and panic and shame
Difference Between Walking and Sitting Meditation
How to Determine Meditation Object
Buddhist Jhanas, how best to describe them?
Distractions in Meditation
Beards or no beards
How Lord Buddha's Way Make Me Out Of This Depression!
Choosing a Buddhist partner ain't beneficial to spreading Dhamma?
What is the opposite of love?
What can one do with knowings that occur from strong intuition?
Is there a reason not to practice jhana?
Is there a 'dead zone' in meditation effort?
I am confused with my life. In most of the time I fill that, My husband don't love me don't care of myself
Ancient Indian sites, where Jataka stories are illustrated through sculpture and painting?
Developing Positive Qualities and Diminishing Negative Qualities
Questions About Views in Buddhism
Duty of Student
What was Buddha's purpose in constructing The Four Stages of Enlightenment?
Suttas which explain how to deal with unwholesome habits
MN 72 - Why is a freed mind not "not reborn"?
Is there any benefit in abstaining from listening songs?
What is the meaning of uppajjati versus upapajjati?
Satipathanna Sutta and contemplating mind externally?
Anusati vs Bhavana
Must one move through the various jhanas to realise nibbana?
Buddhist cannon database
Harmlessness to non-sentient nature and can consciousness (pure awareness) exist?
Color perception in meditation
"The knowledge and vision to see things clearly" (yathābhūtañāṇadassanaṃ)
What leisure activities did the Buddha partake in?
Can you reconcile (professional) ambition with buddhism?
Satipathanna sutta in audio English (long version)
Three Questions about Sexual Desire
Difference Between Belief and Valuing
Fame in Buddhism
What is SGI? And the Lotus sutra?
Did the Buddha believe in the existence of soul?
What to do if parents not agree on my willing of becoming a monk?
Sensual Pleasures and their removal (MN 19 & MN 75)
Danger of Body Scan Meditation
What did the Buddha mean by "the stage beyond study" in the Shurangama Sutta?
Mindfulness and Pushing Away Emotions
Is there any reason of restlessness in the afternoon?
Are there universal experiences associated with seeing through individual aggregates?
What are The Buddha's most compassionate acts?
What are the "seven stations of consciousness" supposed to mean?
When is the best time for ordination?
Jhanic potential in Christians?
Did the Buddha teach the four noble truths to laypeople?
Samatha Meditation
Type of Meditation and Mood
What's the karmic cause for shyness?
Is Will Power required to renounce sense pleasures?
What should a 11-17 years old Buddhist do?
Any benefit from meditation, if your mind is already completely blank?
Self invoked feelings during meditation allowed?
What is the meaning behind this chant?
What are the different forms of nibbāna?
Acceptance of impermanence as the right of passage to adulthood? My take on Buddha's teaching
Do Arahants have Vinnana and Namarupa?
What is saupādisesā according to the Pali suttas?
Eclecticism in the Dhamma (as per AN 3.72; AN 3.65; MN 20)
What does celestial mean in 'celestial bodhisattva'
If you build in difference to reach higher jhana won't that make it hard to enter jhana?
Is stock trading a wrong livelihood?
Why is there no self in the container of the 5 aggregates?
Is it possible to eliminate all attachments?
increased body temperature during meditation
Tibetan Buddhism:Recieving inititation in India/Tibet
The Cula-suññata Sutta - Pali Canon and emptiness
Is the abhidhammic view on mind an externalist or internalist one?
What is wrong speech according to Buddhism?
Should you practices the noble eightfold path all at once or master is separately?
Offering water to a buddha statue?
Dukkha Nana - deep knowledge of our own suffering
Losing enlightenment
How does one know if one is destined to attain Nibbana?
How different is "joy of ownership" in the Dīgha,jānu Sutta from clinging onto one's wealth?
"Tibetisches Totenbuch"? "Tibetanisches Totenbuch" - different books?
Where is this budha from and would love to know any history of maker?
Invalid logic pertaining to karma in sutta AN 5.129?
About the Buddha Preaching that we Humans are Aliens
Avataṃsaka Sutra in Sanskrit
Can the same kamma cetana and action lead to somewhat different future physical consequences (the physical aspect of the kamma-vipaka)
Contemplation versus meditation
What exacly is the so-called "formless" jhana?
*"... not the physical lama, ... but your own nature of mind ... That's the real lama ..."* Is that actually a concept in vajrayana?
How does one know which kamma-cetana and action is related to which kamma-vipaka being experienced?
How can I find a teacher who is a stream entrant?
Did Avalokiteśvara, Mañjuśrī, Samantabhadra, and Kṣitigarbha exist before Śākyamuni?
Passion or Meditation
According to Theravada tradition, was Siddharta Gautama illuminated after meditating under the Bodhi tree?
Buddhism Perspective on Frustration
Ānāpānasati (mindfulness of breathing) -- concentrate on nose, or on whole body?
How does Buddhism see Islam?
The eternal universe
When to let things let go and when to fight for them?
Is there any God or Satan in Buddhism? Is there any heaven or hell in Buddhism?
Combining meditation and bright light therapy
Buddhist Tribunal on Human Rights and International Buddhist Ethics Committee
Is the experience of suffering or enjoyment completely reducible to physics e.g. such as in materialist views i.e. materialism?
The Buddha and the Jhanas
Buddha verifying his enlightenment
Did the Buddha ever define what he meant by "self"?
Is it wrong-view to think there might be more than 5 aggregates?
The concept of being the part of the universe
Is hidding or cheating about ones identity unskilful and probably harmful for others as well?
What does wrong freedom or wrong release mean?
Apparently stream-entrants are destined to attain Nibbana but what about non-stream-entrants?
Why are exceptionally tall statues of the Buddha and Guanyin built?
Is (and why is) physical health important, as well as mind?
Did Gautama Buddha endorse the caste system?
Is ending up in hell at some point in time inevitable for those beings who are not Stream-Entrants?
Is respect a form of ego?
How to deal with ADHD and OCD like symptoms causing issues during meditation?
"The number of dust on the earth could be counted..."
Devas' Mortality
If consciousness arises from mental formations is it correct to say that consciousness has a specific tone or opinions with it?
What do Buddhists think in quick prayers (at graves, near altars etc.)?
Seventy Topics - 6*6 = 36 paramitas
Why does one suffer because of ignorance if ignorance is unintentional?
Did Lord Buddha teach any other meditation technique than the Anapana?
Who was Ming Peu?
Managing sloth and torpor in meditation?
Did the Buddha prescribe other meditations besides breath meditation? (for concentration, jhana)
Did the Buddha know God?
28 Yaksha Generals
At what stage is it wrong to consider oneself wise?
Is it a sin to organize liqour & meat on cutomer request as a prt of my job?
What is meant by ‘threefold bliss’ in the “verses of sharing and aspiration”
Safe vs Risky Path
What are the languages associated with each Buddhist school?
Benefits of five precepts
How did Maitreya become so large and rich?
Does the effect make its cause?
Why wasn't the Buddha a solipsist?
Possibility of nothing but all-encompassing, absolute Nibbana without Samsara? If so, is sustainability possible (and how)?
What is a "thought?" (Particularly in reference to thoughts that arise during meditation)
Chinese Dharmaguptaka jurisprudence with regards to homosexual seminarians
Four Analytical Knowledges
Can Buddhism be fundamentalist?
Why don't some buddhists believe in karma and rebirth?
What is the root condition for (each of the) unwholesome roots of greed, ill-will and delusion (raga, dosa, moha)?
Posadha 8th precept
What is the history and (current) location of the root text sources comprising the Pali Cannon?
Body energy and vibrations
Which (semi)secret societies influence Buddhism?
Alternative Emotion to Anger in the Dhamma?
Can good karma, bad karma or neither good and bad karma arise or not arise from not doing?
Did Buddha ever say how to overcome shyness?
Does one need to make amends for a bad-action done accidentally?
Is it possible and good to know and/or talk about other/more details about the way out of suffering than the Buddha did?
Memories of previous lives
Why meditate. . .?
How does killing bear consequences?
What tools does a Buddhist have to engender others to take a wiser approach?
Defilements or misperceptions that arise because of correct insight attainment
Getting out of a rut when your sick and dying
Perceiving or not perceiving?
How do we help people who have wrong views?
MN 137 - Directed only to Stream Entrants (and beyond)?
What did Siddhartha really meant by ending suffering
Mahāsamādhi in Buddhism?
Confusion Over Intense Experience During Meditation
Why do ignorance and intention have something to do with rebirth?
Buddha's views on the origin of the universe
If we consider 'kamma' as intention and habits, how are these transferred from a brain to next life when the brain breaks-up and cease to function?
Sensual Desire & their gradual cessation
What Buddhist babies' names or meaning should be?
What kind of meat Guan yin believer are allowed to eat?
Buddhism after death
What is the difference between Amitābha's Sukhāvatī & the Lotus Vault?
Ancient texts on Meditation Techniques?
Other physical (samatha) meditation objects besides breath?
Should one literally think "I am breathing in long, I am breathing out long."
Similarities between Daoism and Buddhism
Are there detailed Buddhist teachings on/about energy (viriya)?
Meditation causing headaches
When is 'dependent origination' broken, in meditation?
"Take joy! I am your guarantor for getting 500 dove-footed nymphs."
Why is Nanavira considered controversial?
Does an Arahant accumulate kamma in his/her life?
Noble Eightfold Path - applicable by lay practitioners?
How is craving the practice that leads to the origin of feeling?
Can we cancel out a kamma by doing a strong opposite kamma?
Tirokudda Kanda: Do the dead really benefit from the gift given by the living?
Did Angulimala end kamma?
Meditation practise methods/techniques
Are we born on this Earth because of our personal kamma?
In AN 4.171, what is "reincarnation where the intention of others is effective"?
Considering other traditions than Goenka Vipassana for better Right Effort, Right Concentration and Right Mindfullness
Accuracy of suttas
In the Dependent Origination formula, shouldn't perception precede craving instead of feeling?
Why is the Pali word 'saṅkhārā' in Dependent Origination plural?
What are the Five Pungent (Vegetables/Roots/Spices) and when were they first proscribed?
Which is a certified/authentic guide to entering Jhnanas?
Nagarjuna and the Schools
Evidence of determinism in DN 2 Samaññaphala Sutta? Was the King already a faith follower?
How is one supposed to be compassionate and 100% free of suffering while others are suffering?
Did the Buddha according to the suttas mean anything else by the word "self" beyond simply the aspect of control/power?
SN 12.51 Why are meritorious formations rooted in ignorance?
Does the mental process of assigning subjective qualities to any phenomenon have a name in the suttas?
What is Vibhava Tanha?
How do I practise Vipassana and Samatha through Anapanasati?
Is the arising of Buddhas a cosmological evolutionary occurrence?
Can I attain Vipassana without doing the body scan?
Is the buddhist concept of kamma supersticiously deterministic?
How does rebirth work for arahant and non-arahants?
How can we make compatible the 'ehipassiko' aspect of the Dhamma with the faith aspects of it?
Where is the most concrete exposition on the Buddhist ethics in the source material?
Why does SN 12.66 say aging-and-death has acquisition as its source?
MN 38: How do aging-&-death cease when the eye sees a form?
How or why do arahants not experience aging & death?
What to do when it itching (according to suttas and your own experience)?
Is "To Forgive is the only way to forget" an authentic quote of the Buddha?
What are the historical accounts on Buddhist scriptures that certify the authenticity of the teachings and traditions?
Is suffering dependent on aging & death? If so, how is suffering experienced before & after death?
Have Matreiya ever meet the present buddha?
Sn 2.1: What is meant by an "eighth grasping (ādiyanti)"?
What should I choose, Life or Nirvana?
Where do I find a Buddhist retreat in Asia?
What does "sandhāvitvā saṃsaritvā" mean in AN 9.12?
Why do so many traditions and religions have saint men who claim having attained enlightenment?
Who was the Buddha's teacher?
If a buddhist had the opportunity to stop the holocaust by killing hitler, should he or she do it?
Regarding Nicca and Anicca natures of Avidya and Prajna
Why is Nibbanna unconditioned if it's dependent on mind & brain
Can anger be acceptable?
To what extend should I keep doing useless stuff with my friends?
Is this a statue of a six-armed wooden Buddha?
Do all conditioned things arise from ignorance?
I'm trying to find a specific sutta I think
Are the Jhanas related to some of the 31 realms of existence
How does an arahant know that ignorance won't return/re-arise after death?
Buddhism is practiced in many countries by many different peoples. How do Buddhists in America differ in their beliefs, values
Noble Friendship (Kalyana Mitta) in modern times
The rites of marriage and death are a significant part of most religions
Within Theravāda tradition, what are the differences in doctrine and practice between schools and sects around the world?
Finding a dharma teacher
Propelling the continuity of mindfulness
Is peeking a "blind box" considered as stealing? Or breaking of any precepts?
What is the ultimate goal of Buddhism? Is it nirvana?
Are there other things like life?
What motivates a fully awakened person in a loving relationship?
Does Buddhist scripture mention Zoroastrianism?
Sexual Ethics in Buddhism
Why are these called "The All"?
Do all Buddhists say that nirvana exists?
What is the purpose of the Mahayana 'emptiness' doctrine?
Can Jiddu Krishnamurthy's teachings be considered Buddhist in nature?
Is it proper to teach Dhamma to someone wearing a hat?
Distinguishing Between Past Lives and The Active Imagination
How can we know the original meaning of a word with certainty?
Various types of death
Difference between abiding nirvana and non-abiding nirvana?
the Abhidhammist people accepted all possible rebirths by logic in many sutta to avoid the risks to be suffered by those unwholesome feeling, right?
Can Vipassana dissolve psychosis?
Buddhadasa and the continuity of suffering beyond physical death, without rebirth
Sutras says that there is nothing to attain: but is there a beginning to attaining nirvana?
Latent tendencies, memories of this life and brain damage, dementia
Are there any scientifically validated practices for Buddhists?
What do Venerable Cha Mo's similes on the Flower's Scent and the Perfumed Rag mean with regard to satkāyadṛṣṭi?
Diamond Sutra in Tibetan, Sanskrit, and/or Japanese
How does Buddhism deal with psychopaths & serial killer
How could craving be the habit of reification?
How do you meditate with a blocked nose?
About the compatibility between meditation methods, guides, trainings and teachers, and other questions regarding Samadhi
Why is the Pali word 'sattānaṃ' in Dependent Origination plural?
Does Sotapanna have the fear of death?
Do all words belong to conventional truth (Sammuti Sacca)?
Is Buddhism a religion without God?
About mental diseases and kamma
Why can't we reason or logic our way to NIrvana?
New Year to Buddhists on 1st January?
What is the Buddhist Perspective on Dreaming?
Breach of precept term
Moderation in meditation for lay people
Looking for Buddhist story on Nirvana after being abused
How do you handle when someone tries to instill guilt in you?
Buddhist marry a non-Buddhist
Did any Indian Mahayana Buddhists have non-cognition as a goal?
Pleasant feelings/Unpleasant feelings & craving/aversion
How can I practice mindfulness meditation with sound, not breathing?
Where does the consciousness (cittas) originate inside the body?
I'm looking for a sutta which mentions nationalism
Feeling Tilted During Meditation
How can we use the triple round model to understand dependent origination?
"I fear the man of one book" - What is your attitude towards this thought?
Caste of Sujātā
If all that is impermanent is unsatisfactory, then is all that is permanent satisfactory?
Feeling versus Analysis in Compassion Meditation
Buddhist Ontology/Reductionism vs Science
How to cultivate Equanimity?
The "working-ground" (kammatthana) of the five hindrances
Buddhist perspective on uncertainty
Can a being be stuck in an endless cycle of depression and suicides?
I am addicted to Masturbation. What can I do?
Someone has an illness which is inevitably going to kill them. Why?
Lovingkindness and Compassion of the Buddha?
How do you write Anicca (Impermanence) in Pali script?
Kayagatasati Sutta
Is there a free (libre or open) version of Visuddhimagga in a digital text or HTML format?
Where can I find the "10 merits of life liberation" in the Tripitaka?
What does 'Not percipient of form internally' in Salayatana Sutta mean?
How to deal with petty anger?
Would zen Buddhists agree with this quote from Chih-I?
Is Karma part of Dharma? In other terms, is Karma a subset of Dharma?
Tibetan word "sur"
What is this tile and what do its symbols depict?
What does craving feel like?
Is severing negative communication with an "incompatible" person a big no-no in the Buddhist pracice?
Is OM MA NI PADME HUM flag useful?
Is there a objective book on how vipassana of U. Mahasi and S.N. Goenka works?
How does the 'Great Doubt' compare to doubt?
Need to know more about this art
What are the merits (results) of giving fearlessness (abhaya danna)
What is the state of a Zen disciples mind prior to a Satori?
The idea of “self” in Buddhism
Can you focus on the feeling of your body on the chair for reaching the jhanas?
How is re-linking consciousness reconciled with MN 38?
What is the invisible consciousness or consciousness without surface?
I don't like people but I like buddhism
Understanding Right view
What is the difference between papanca and sankhara, and in particular citta-sankhara?
The four noble truths
Is finding a teacher necessary to practise dhamma?
'Sankhara' Dependent Origination: Bhikkhu Analayo vs Bhikkhu Thanissaro. Which is right?
Why is "idle speech" one of the ten unwholesome actions?
Why does the Buddha blame Ananda asking him to remain living forever?
Looking for a teacher in Australia
Questions about meditation
Is there a defined counting system in Pali?
I don't know pali or Sanskrit if anyone can have pdf of english Tipitaka
"I want Happiness" / "Remove `I` and `want`" story
Bundle of processes, constantly remaking ourselves using past materials
Is all lying considered to be 'unwholesome'?
Mindfulness question
Is there an equivalent of "Dokkaebi" in Buddhism?
I'm looking for the translation of the Dharmaskanda Sutra
Irritation due to breathing noises in dojo
Sanskrit and Pali roots
How many pieces of paper are there?
Where does it say 'You Are Already Enlightened'?
The kamma of silence and/or "not acting"?
Is craving unskilful because it fuels craving?
Reconciling metta & avoiding fools/immoral people
How does teaching of Buddhism deal with waste? How does teaching of Buddhism deal with acceptance even it causes unhappiness?
Is there a major translation error in MN 10?
In which tradition Om Ma Ni Pad Me Hum mantra is used Mahayana or Thervada?
What if there is no rebirth but karma is not eradicated by meditation and the path?
Difference between "perception" and "view"?
What is the Buddhist view, if any, on witchcraft?
Is meditating when tired a waste of time?
Conflicting schools of thought
Why are Mahayana texts in Sanskrit?
Is Papanca (i.e., hindrance) always unwholesome?
What is the meaning of ditthi visuddhi?
Why would existence remove my knowledge after reicarnation?
Is become a stream-enterer (sotāpanna) enough?
According to the Dhamma monks have no rights?
What religious texts would help me understand the fundamentals Buddhism better?
"Idea of reincarnation(rebirth) is due to craving for existence"
Information requested on Buddhist monks self-immolation mental technique
Lord Yama's identity
Explaining the 6th fetter?
Should/Would the Noble Sangha let go of the Dhamma?
Doubt and contradiction in buddhas teaching
Maximum productive time for a meditation sit?
Who said 'if you haven't started on the Buddhist path then don't start at all'?
How do visualisation meditation practices relate to insight?
Is there a kind of "pop Buddhism"?
What sort of infinite regress to birth is Nagarjuna's MMK arguing for?
Is mano or mind function of brain? Then what we perceive is mere creation of brain
Buddhism on We are all one
Why Buddha lined up four brahmavihara in the chronological order 'metta, karuna, mudita and upeksha'
Other types of consciousness (viññāṇa) in Theravada?
When the Pali suttas say that it is not the "same" thing that is born and dies what do they mean?
Is there any forwarding benefit to ask equal?
Desperate for help about intent and my fears
Critique on Kalama Sutta: Is Buddhism bad for Buddhism?
Need reference for the two conditions need to realize path to Nibbana
Scattered mind while doing Body Scanning in Vipassana
Is samsara real?
How important is constancy in meditation practice?
Recommendation for Suttas
Does Nibbana lie within The All or not?
Comparing Chinese Agama the ? Bundles of Reeds Simile with Pali Nalakalapiyo Sutta
Is the Buddhist path one of 'selfless offering' or 'inner kindness'?
Is Enlightment ultimatelly up to you (Karma and Freewill)?
Silabatta Parāmāsa
How can I tell the difference between the Deva realm and the Buddha and bodhisattva realms?
Are eating raw oysters a violation of the first Precept?
Can an answer, while sakayaditthi is present, be intentional free of bias?
Buddhism to change the world
No owner of the Dhamma?
Western scholars: Did the Buddha not speak the Digha Nikaya?
How to reconcile Mahayana ideas of "nama-rupa" with the Pali definition?
Where is careless attention (ayonisomanasikāro) in Dependent Origination?
DN 15: Whose or which consciousness enters the mother's womb?
What is the duality of body and external name-and-form?
Ex-monk reliable Teacher?
Meditation Experiences as a beginner
This consciousness turns back; it doesn't go further than name-and-form
Growth, increase, landing, establishing of consciousness
Cessation of form vs. escape from form
Bhava Tanha & Vibhava Tanha
No compassion, goodwill for oneself?
I explain why I prefer discuss Buddhism intellectually but others don't seem to accept my point. Why is that?
Difference between aggregates and clinging-aggregates?
Does Viññāṇa generate Nāmarūpa in the sense that would make "uploading concsciousness" impossible?
Metta meditation ever taught to householders?
Possible for worldling to practice the Ariyamagga, to walk it?
Possible for "Hungry Ghosts" to gain path? Possible to help them out?
Is a Dhamma follower always a stream entrant?
Māgha Pūjā, traditional celebrating and todays
How to ask other Buddhists doing analysis, rather than advising me to stop analyzing?
Threefold division of noble eightfold path
How do you pray correctly in Buddhism?
Is it possible to have awareness without a self-sense?
Slander and Avici Hell?
Is this an ok understanding of Dharmakirti's vināśitvānumāna?
"Being" or "Existence" in Paticca Samuppada
What is the meaning of Pali word "Apannaka"
What is the Buddhist view in Socratic questioning?
Are there any attempts to prove the eternal blissful etc. self?
What is the duration of Jhana?
My job requires me to shuck oysters
Did the Buddha have intention (cetana)?
Sunday-question: Learning Dhamma at working time, on other recource
Taking out the plank from one's own eye
Justify immoral deeds with one incapacitties
Taking Vinaya as a measure of the weight of kamma?
Monday question: Letting go of duties for a higher sake right?
How would/should a perfect monk appear, act and possible serve you?
Does Buddhism give methods to ask questions when you are proliferating?
What is the destination (rebirth) of a person with Vibhava Tanha?
Why did Buddhism nearly become extinct in Sri Lanka?
Is the Sinhalese language very different to Pali?
Is nibbana eternal?
When would a Buddhist want to attach?
hard to breathe during meditation
Is "no-self" or "self" the more secure bet, e.g. for householders?
Is the concept of Gandhabba Brahmanical teaching?
What is the visa process for ordaining foreigner monks in Sri Lanka?
A good monastery to ordain?
Is there a kind of consulting service in Buddhism?
What to do that wise would not disappear again?
Is life not blessing or mystery but suffering in Buddhism?
Dana Sutta 7.49
Time and Frequency of Meditation
What is knowledge and vision?
When an experienced monk meditates how much does their mind wander?
Audio guided meditation recommendations?
Sensory Pleasure as a Hindrance on the Path
Attachment vs legitimate need
Ignoring Someone as Wrongful Speech
is cessation of perception and felling the Nibbana?
Choosing Between Mindfulness and Compassion Meditation
Emotion in Compassion Meditation
What are great forty?
Did Ledi Sayadaw teach that Vipassanā should be practised by observing bodily sensations with equanimity?
Is Constant Meditation Hindering my Creativity?
Dependent origination and the living arahat
Aversion and Mahayana
Psychology of 'flow'
What could go wrong if one misconstrue Buddhism with nihilism?
Particular Benefit from Writing
What's the relation between feelings of neither-pleasure-nor-pain and ignorance?
Sutta jhana vs. Visuddhimagga jhana
Fake Dhammapadas
Given that Buddhism could accommodate people's prior religious beliefs, why is Buddhism itself now described as a religion?
How death anniversaries take place by Buddhist rituals?
Despairing About Meditative Regularity
Meditating on Public Transport
What happens if you drop and break a plate of fruit from the Buddha's altar?
Remaining in first jhana, while walking, talking, eating
Can anyone follow Buddhism if the person has had drinks & ate non-veg in the past?
Nimitta - sutta references
First Effort in "Right Effort"
Help locating a widespread quote attributed to Chögyam Trungpa Rinpoche
Happiness, rebirth, and the death of an arahant
Why did Marco Polo say the Buddhist religion originated in Sielan?
Addictive Withdrawal and Buddhism
Is the act of moving, eating, doing, and living craving itself?
How to approach motivation for work during Vipassana?
Difference between sati and sampajanna
How do you talk to someone whose loved one is dying?
Qualitative Benefit of Longer Sits
Validity of Meditation Experience
Relationship between sampajanna definitions in SN 47.2 and SN 47.35
How do you balance your desire for liberation with your wordly desires?
Sati-Sampajañña and a quiet mind
Buddhist Cosmology
Is the 'best meditation you do' the meditation you do?
Transfering merits to parents after their death
Are the bodhisattva vows better suited to the lay side of Buddhism?
Potential of Five Minutes of Meditation
Implementing Emptiness Practically
How does the reference system of the Majjhima Nikaya work?
Sutta references
Is Nibbana a state of mind or an element (dhamma)?
Buddhist thought on Amends
What were the source documents of the PTS Sutta Pitaka?
Buddha's Comment on Compassion Meditation
Days related to Buddhism
Are there any comparative studies done between Ashtavakra Gita and Buddhim?
What prevents us from attaining Nibbana?
Is divination for fun acceptable?
Is there a proper name for my recent experience?
Does skillful means include meditation?
Is there any benefit to, as far as is humanly possible, total dedication to the precepts, in zen?
How does practicing restraint and performing actions of merit purify the mind?
What is meant by "No limiting action remains there"? MN 99
If something is relatively and ultimately correct can it still be false in the center?
Source of Benefit of Formal Sitting
Buddhism and Novelty of Persons
Self-Worth and Engaging in Detrimental Behaviour
What is the process for cleansing a very negative action?
What might be the long therm effects of ignoring ones duties?
Can anyone explain the hua-yen sutra accroding to tendai, to me?
Internet and Mindfulness
Is Mindfulness the Opposite of Multitasking?
Sutta request: dedication of offerings in another ones name
Whatever bad deed done with this deed-born body is all to be experienced here
Is Samadhi mentioned in Jhana Suttas?
Which sutras are most directly relevant to the virtue of courage?
Nature of Aversion
Clarification on a different notion of Prince Rahula's parentage said to be in Mahayana buddhism
Missing Dhyana/Jhana Sutras?
Meals in the afternoon and different time zones
Suffering in Meditation Versus in Daily Life
Do you have to become a Monk to attain enlightment?
Who or what creats a realm of existance?
Meaning of Blessing Pills
Silence and emptiness
Choice-less awareness vs directed
Can meditation be harmful?
Is there a fate worse than oblivion?
Is it possible for absolutely everyone to attain enlightenment?
Friendship and Compassion
Mindfulness With Breathing & Ear Pain
Mundane Contemplation
Buddha's advice for after enlightenment
Reference for the teaching of not-self
Direct Experience of Meditation
Are all forms of Dukkha related to a sense of self?
Skipping Meditation After Great Exertion
Any further question? What best to ask on one's last chance?
Loving-Kindness for Concentration
When and how should a layperson declare their achievements?
A few questions about "becoming"
Why the aristocrat is best of people?
Compassion and Motivation
Can the "Senika heresy" be useful?
Four Satipatthanas
Possibility of Unsuitable Technique
Is there really a story in the Pali Canon about a layman running away from home AFTER having attained arahantship?
In need of help in meditation
Concentration's Meaning
What exactly is rebirth?
No awakening without a Buddha?
How would Buddhists respond to someone harming the temple?
Body Scan Versus Feeling Breath Overall
Detachment in Breathing Meditation
Does an Arahant yawn? Or: What are the characteristics of the Noble Ones: Sotāpanna, Sakadāgāmi, Anāgāmi and Arahant?
I am confused about certain things, I really hope some kind person can help
How do you practice outwardly giving?
Why do you have sadness in the first Jhana?
Compassion's Unity
Do we "deserve" our bad fortune?
Did the Buddha praise the practice of incest?
What are ways "common" and not so known to practice the first kind of proper giving?
Has any Buddhist ever talked about postponing Buddhahood forever, but not for all sentient beings?
Gratitude, Movement and Compassion
Watching a stream of thoughts from the mind?
Resources to learn about yogacara buddhism
Dependent Origination in terms of conventional truth or teaching (Vohara Desana) and Ultimate truth or teaching (Paramattha Desana)?
What is this electric feeling
Mindfulness when playing chess
Majjhima Nikaya 152 Indriyabhāvana Sutta
Theories and Doctrines
Interspacing Meditation Practice
Can Generosity be Poison?
Morally unwholesome deeds knowing the consequences but without unwholesome intentions
Review of this "Bhaddekaratta Sutta - Liberation teachings on an ideal seclusion", and/or info about the author?
Mental Illness and the bardo and rebirth
Does the actions of one's ancestors pass down?
How to 'Let Go' in Meditation?
Is meditation necessary in Buddhism?
Mindfulness of Action versus Perception
What is known/taught about yawning during meditation?
What does 'Ignorance' mean in Dependent Co-Arising?
Does any sutta talk about the right conditions for teaching the Dhamma?
Looking for a Buddhist Monastery in UK, Ireland, Scotland or Australia - All traditions are welcome
What are the main differences -- in meditation practice and discipline -- between different schools of Theravada?
Vipassanā Without Samatha?
How to Practice After Stream Entry as Opposed to Before?
Perfectionism in Meditation
If there be no soul or transmigrating entity that takes rebirth, who or what bears or enjoys the consequences or fruits of karma?
Wholesome is absence of passion?
No more kamma and vipaka for Noble Ones?
Personal continuity in the absence of a persistent, unchanging self
Mindfulness of Watching Youtube
Law of attraction to reach enlightenment?
questions on my meditation practice?
Mental Factor which Unites Others
Is continuity just causation?
Can an Icchantika make any form of progress along the Buddhist path?
In the trisvabhava theory, is the consummate nature inflected by past present and future conditions?
Are these translations of the Sutta Nipata correct?
Improving Sati-Sampajañña (situative wisdom)
What did Buddha taught about space time?
Fearful of Compassion
Zazen to get an LSD effect?
How many types of Buddhism exists in this world?
Advice for Buddhist meditation for OCD
Did Lord Buddha say anything with regards to time travel?
Where is recorded that the Buddha said this (perhaps about microorganisms)?
What's the shortest path to eradicate Mana (self-view)?
Forgoing Enlightenment
Samatha vs Vipassana. What are the mechanics?
Do I get more merits if I give more?
What additional ethics you find in Buddhism which are not found in other religions?
Is there a real difference between "not-self" and "no self", and if so, which one is correct?
Integration of Body and Mind
What is path and fruition?
Is there an Dzogchen monastry in Canada with a accomplished lineage?
Im making no progress on meditation
Level of Focus in Anapanasati
Lending a friend money,and not getting it back
What buddhism says about physical reality?
What do "Buddhist" in modern world do on the highest fest-day in the year?
Could a Sotapanna reject to give if asked and has?
In how far does/could one hurt himself by giving?
Annoyed when talking about generosity, stingy -- would one ever be able to grow in Dhamma?
Someone making sacrifices outside the Sangha of Savakas, can such be expected as follower?
Which gift has more benefit for the giver? What are the dangers?
How to avoid poorness?
Are Samatha and Vipassana mentioned in the Pali Canon as different styles/techniques of meditation?
What's the effect of association with outcasts?
Bad conduct leads to richness?
Would Buddhists help non-Buddhists continuing their attachments?
Is there any source saying that Buddhists can temporarily form relationship to help people?
Help Me Choose which meditation i Should do Anapanasati or Brahmaviharas?
What is the view of Buddhism in correcting others' view in spite of their willingness to accept it?
In which suttas does The Buddha cover annihilationism (ucchedavāda)?
Judges passing the death sentence
Best Pali to English translation source
Buddhism on paying for previous bad Karma
Justice through soul-reincarnation
Does accepting duality lead only to nondual skillfull qualities?
Why is desire the root of suffering?
Why not becoming disillusioned toward mind?
What is/are the cause/s of becoming "perceiveless", an unconsciouse-being?
Escaping alone is not enough
How do time and space exist?
Goenka's vipassana
Mahayana - Advaita - Theravada realisations
What lasts longer: the Cheesburger or a perception of it?
How can watching be non-doing?
How did Arya Nagarjuna reached the direct perception of Emptiness?
Right knowledge and right relase or right release and right knowledge
Disclosing Spiritual Experiences
Is it forbidden in Thai/Buddhist religion for a woman to perform consensual oral sex on someone?
Goenkas vipassana
How & why can sexual intentions be harmful to others?
What is Aarya dukkha Sacca?
What is the Reason for Noble Dukkha and How?
Why living beings like / dislike things in the world?
A question about my karma and how it’s affecting me
Nature of dependent origination, and is Buddhism non-duality?
What is exactly Avijja -- and how to uproot it?
The World and Five Aggregates of Clinging
Kalachakra Tantra (translation of the original text)
How to avoid the dangers of gain and honor (lābhasakkara)?
Past life regression techniques
What are the points against social engagement?
What do Birth, Age, and Death mean in the first noble truth?
Why do Buddhists believe in reincarnation?
What's the (mental) quality different between aversive leaving (vi-bhava) and renouncing (nekkhamma)?
Vanna-maccharia, stinginess in regard of ones reputations: What to practice to get ride of it?
What can cause one to feel offended when asked 'how are you', 'having any problem?
Sakkāya-Ditthi and Self-View
Have the copies of original Tipitaka written in Aluvihara Sri Lanka now been lost?
What's the different between kusala (good) and akusala (bad)?
How should a Buddhist approach honoring parents who abused them?
Observing the breath vs Pranayama
Is "impermanence" a bad translation of "anicca"?
SN 22.62: What is meant by "scope of language"?
Boundaries and Buddhism
How to identify Pada Parama Persons?
Goal of liberation in yoga/meditation - Isn't it Boring?
Justifiable violence in Buddhism?
What is the difference between approaching the idea 'no-self' and the act to 'depersonalize'?
The relation between Dhamma and reality itself
what is this state i am undergoing?
can I become a monk with schizophrenia?
How does metta sutra develop loving kindness
Dependent Origination and Impermanence in Buddhism
Do enlightened people "know" what nirvana is like?
Is it correct that dependent origination will cease to exist if one doesn't have 12 nidanas?
Spiritual Potential and Consequences of Actions
Pride and Compassion
Was is the difference between "uparujjhati" & "nirujjhati"?
What are the 4 wheels and 9 doors in Snp 1.29?
Where do hiri and ottappa (shame, and fear of wrongdoing) fit in?
PIN POTHA (puñña potha) or Merit Book, costom still alive? How to keep it up?
Would a wise person avoide situations where other could perform lot of demerits?
Difference between "mythology" and historical "facts"?
Non duality - does it quash ambition?
Is sky burial ritual inhumane and if not what is the reason for doing it?
I feel uncomfortable about jury duty
Non duality - must it be transcendent
What is non-duality in Buddhism?
Is there a "canon" of Zen Koans?
About two qualities of the Dhamma
Is it a layman's duty to be Vegan?
I'm confused about the seemingly irrational prioritization or vagueness (?) relating to the "3rd precept" compared to 5th precept of the 5 precepts
Can anyone please list important books on Buddhism?
What is appropriate usage of medicines that are intoxicating?
Does Dhp 256-257 condone judging others?
Did the Buddha ever refute the view of "extreme metaphysical nihilism" e.g. a view that "nothing is real"?
Would the Buddha have considered engaging in anal sex as breaking the 1st and/or 5th precept?
Are people who say “not my problem” delusional?
Feelings and kamma and sankhara , am I bound for the rest of my life
What might be the impact when western monk start to think they must teach the elders?
In what realm did archaic humans live? Is it manussa (human) realm or tiracchāna (animal) realm?
Will I break the eight precepts if I listen to nature sounds considered as music?
How many types of Buddhism are there?
Virtual things that emerge from interaction and exist as interaction
Alternative to Willpower in Fighting Cravings
Acting nice for karma's sake?
It is said that arahants never dream. What are the textual sources for this claim?
Have Arahants have eliminated all Sankhara?
is dependent origination akaliko and Nibbana
Is Jhana considered dukkha and/or conditioned?
Buddhist origin of tobacco and its relation to Native American use
How to find specific lessons in Zen Buddhism?
What is Bodhicitta?
Cutting Computer in Evening
Attachment Towards Environments and Objects
Can (an) Urban-Dhamma lead to path, fruits and liberation?
Is ritual always a practice, or can it be a belief too?
Why is Nibbana referred to as "The destination and the path leading to the destination"?
Permission to ordain from absent father
What does 'all the phenomena related to the senses are "not real"' mean?
In how far does involvement in certain undertaking effects one, good or bad?
Is there such a thing as craving for enlightenment and would it be unwholesome?
Could unwholesome craving cause the wholesome desire for enlightenment?
Shiva's 112 ways to attain enlightenment and Buddha's way
What symbols represent Zazen?
What is breath?
Union with Brahma, or company of Brahma?
Resources of quotations on gratitude in "Gratitude in the Buddha's Teaching"
What are the six types of equanimity based on the household life?
Conciousness in Buddhism and Advaita Vedanta
In which ways do anagamis still experience ignorance?
How do western, modern "follower" celebrate the founding day of the Sangha,the "Dhamma Day"?
What contentment and modesty, what persistence and grasping, toward what, craving, craving holding on what leads to liberation?
Punk-Dhamma: Being intolerant to perceived intolerance - wrong view according to Dhamma?
Sankhara meditation
Buddhists advise against "me and mine" does that include times?
Is ignorance a kammically active volitional formation, or a kammically passive fruit of past kamma?
What does pari-mukha mean in 16 APS anapana sati?
Suppose World War 3 occurs and manages to wipe out all humans and animals. Is the cycle of death and rebirth broken?
I had a no-self experience, why is it a good state?
Breaking of five precept
How does the exterior is suffering?
How to Proceed By Right Effort
Re-orientation in my practice from Advaita to Buddhism
Is Buddhism Free will or Determinism
Temporary Influences on Meditation
5 precepts and the mental factor of sila
What does Buddhadasa say about rebirth after the break-up of the body?
How to let go of the will to let go or reach a certain state?
Is there a source for the story about the sun being covered by the cloud?
Abhidhamma Pithaka and its relationship with theoretical physics
Continuity With Meditation Practice
"Buddha does not claim to be a creator of lives or the Universe.", true?
Theory of dependent Origination and modern physics
Whats the different between the "Brahma" Buddha and other creator Brahmas (Gods)?
What's the cause, the reason, why people find "Buddhism"?
What is meant by the impossibility "A Buddha can not help someone not related to him"?
Reading the Dhamma enough to gain right view?
What's the benefit for parents (and family) if letting childen go forth, become monks?
Source: direct literary origin of "three things a Buddha can not do"?
Metaphysical Contemplation and Speculation
what is the meaning of the cryptic formula in the 4sp satipatthana formula? (for the Chinese parallel)
Please describe all the Jhanas in everyday languague
Is everything about the world the 6 sense objects
Where does one get basic notions of Buddhism when starting with Mahayana?
How do monks live with medical conditions that require regular meals?
What is the true meaning of Kaya Sankhara, Vaci Sankhara and Citta Sankhara
Any pantheist Buddhists?
How to handle aversion that derives from perceiving arrogance?
MN 36 parallels for section where Buddha as a 9 year old boy has first jhana
What am I doing to my self to make my natural state "I am trapped in pain" (This seems like a must for me and there is nothing I can do about it)
Do the specific historical past events play any role in the analysis of the conditions leading to suffering?
Automatic Habit of Meditation
5th precept missing from 8fold Path?
What does "self" mean?
How did Sarakani become a stream enterer despite having an alcohol drinking habit?
What is laughing wisdom and swift wisdom?
How do monks transcend the desire for relationships & sex?
In which sutta does a lay disciple of the Buddha tell a non-buddhist mendicant that he has experienced jhana?
Please explain joy and/or the Kimatthiyasutta
When and why did the color orange (and yellow and 'red') become associated with Buddhism?
Is it possible to attain stream-entry if one is only following "the 5 precepts"?
In Dependent Co-Arising, is Dukkha a Sankhara, a Vedana, both, or none?
Is Intention a sankhara?
Which specific process determines where consciousness will alight?
Mental Release from Breath Versus Metta
Why a Buddhist prays at Hindu temple which is situated in another country and prays for the betterment of his own country?
Splitting Up Meditation Time
What is the cause of Muṣitasmṛtitā?
Why Lankavatara Sutra was replaced with Diamond Sutra by 5th patriarch?
Difference between mundane concerns of praise and honour/fame
How can there be knowledge of unconditioned phenomenon without any knower?
Subjectivity Along the Buddhist Path
What is the perspective of the western buddhist cannon websites?
What exactly is the difference between Mindfulness and Concentration
Applied Meditation
Social Media and Right Speech
What is Modern Vipassana?
Is kamma the driving force behind dependent origination
3 marks of existence
Do the suttas say the "old kamma" of an Arahant continues to fruit?
Is forgiveness a fruit of evil wicked kamma?
How do I reconcile the Dhamma Refuge with blind faith?
Does Buddhism endorse pacifism in times of injustice?
Can a Sikh enter a buddhist temple with a turban?
Phsyical, emotional, mental, what is next?
Can One Evaluate the Effects of Meditation?
A limit of right speech
Venting and Right Speech
Playing with sensations/heat
How does dependent origination and the skandhas fit together?
Mindfulness of breathing - What is meant by "arising and passing away of the body"?
Is the path of Zen compatible with computer science?
Analysis and Compassion
Strong tingling sensation in face that persists +- hour after meditation
Meditation for Work Anxiety
Does emptiness & no-self work together?
How do I deal with Aversion?
What are the different meditation types & how to do them?
How do I practice the Dhamma in an environment where it's not supported?
Sentience, killing, & extremes?
Heat and Meditation
The Animal Plane & Evolution?
Odd Effect of Breath Meditation
Crippling fear of hellfire &, damnation, please help?
Permanent Matter?
Avoiding debates & looking into Planes/realms
To reach 1st jhana, do we have to let go, or do we have to put some effort?
What is the deep sound that buddhist monk make during meditation called
What is citta in the four frames of reference?
What is the "Unconditioned" that the Buddha is talking about? And vinjana in Buddhsm
What is the physics of the 'phenomena' of Nirvana?
Going to a Catholic School
Sankhara conditions vinjana dependent origination
Karma and Contact with Dharma
Intention and Karma
Nirvana is the ground layer underneath them all
How can I stop thinking about the clock when meditating? I meditate for 30 minutes every day
How can one demonstrate powers to another?
Meaning of the Rooted Sutta
Metta's Intensity and Concentration
What is bodily formation? Does it refer to the breath or the body?
Don't Arahats know Buddha?
Killer Neighbors
Meditation on Awareness : objects and phenomena vs Awareness
Don't teach Dhamma to those who can't appreciate it or aren't interested
Is Nibbana joyful or not joyful?
Is "doing according to one's best understanding" a protection from wrong-doing?
Is it a crime to mention a crime?
Unconscious Nature of Craving
Craving vs Interest
What are the differences between joy (piti), bliss (sukha) and peace (santi) and how do the qualities relate to Nibbana?
AN 4.233 what exactly is the relation between kamma, saṅkhārā?
While body is not me or mine what is a wise response to those claiming various degrees of ownerships on body?
Is understanding a "bring-debt" or "gain-debt"?
Handling Poisons?
Forced suppression of all cravings including harmless ones
I'm fascinated by 'death': what would Dogen say?
Right Effort: Approach Versus Avoidance
Arahants, Precepts, Monasticism, & Worldly Things
How to setup Myanmar Pali keyboard?
Help to identify origin/history of a statuette of the Buddha?
How to handle torpor?
Any help greatly appreciated on matching pair of laughing buddah with inscription
Can there be an action free from the taint of desire? If there can be, what is the nature of that action?
Thought-sending in Tibetan Buddhism and other traditions
Resolving right action & intention in a white lie
Can homosexual monks or nuns ordain, if not WHY?
What is the meaning of Dhammavicaya
Satipatthana bhavana versus Vipassana bhavana
Are Buddha nature and Original enlightenment different, or always identical?
Anapanasati and Compassion
All things exists in the past present and future , Is this according to the original teachings of the Buddha?
Do Arahants experience non-neutral mental vedana?
error in pali source, AN 9.41 fourth jhana impurity is sukha, not upekkha: who do we report to? How to fix?
Should Buddhist parents engage in idiot compassion?
Anapanasati practice: what’s the correct way to focus on breath?
Non attachment in daily life
Should I judge the efficacy of Samadhi based on the ethical qualities of the meditator?
11 year old daughter suffocated, was dead and was resuscitated now in a state of reduced concsciousness
How to stay mindful of the gap in the breath
How to interpret "cessation"?
What's the sutta/source for Devadatta's attempt to kill the Buddha with the drunken war elephant Nalagiri?
We can End Evil, RIGHT NOW -- since there is no ego -- am I wrong?
Beam of Consciousness coming from the Sun
Can we reach deep meditative states without teachers?
