Is it true that a pH higher than the pKa of an acid make the H automatically disassociate?
What is the pH of a solution of HCOONa and HNO3?
Why does lactulose turn dark?
Where can I find Equilibrium Constants?
Can I use Sunflower oil to make soap?
How to use signicant figures?
Can ionic and atomic radii be compared?
How to create the equivalent of luminol for a compound?
Why don't plus one oxidation state metals form stable complexes with hydroxide ion?
Determining the group number of an element from its successive ionization energies
Turn lead into gold via radioactive decay
Why is formic acid considered an acid if it is a reducing agent?
Why are methanol flames less visible than other flames?
Which is the correct way to name pentan-3-one?
Applying the Le Chatelier principle
Why does nitrous acid exhibit (unexpectedly) different bond angles?
Can a solid and liquid be miscible?
Writing half-reaction for the oxidation of iron (III) hydroxide
What element or compound could be used to make the ocean more basic?
Which one, Mulliken charge distribution and NBO, is more reliable?
Why is ΔE described as Q-W and Q+W in different contexts?
Reduce chlorine gas
In cracking, why does C form double bonds?
What are the most important resonance structures of 5-aminocycloheaxa-2,4-dienone?
What should be the oxidation state of oxygen in HOF (hypofluorous acid)?
How does the Freezing Point fall in a solution?
Can a mixture of water miscible solvent and water be separated by fractional freezing on a dry ice bath?
Can electrons switch orbitals within a shell?
Phenyl vs phenol functional group?
HI/P reduction mechanism
Relativistic effect: d-electrons in metallorganic complexes
What determines the strength of reducing and oxidizing agents?
How much does water expand when heated, and does salt affect that?
Exceptions to motif: nucleophile attacks electrophile
Can you make napalm out of gasoline and orange juice concentrate?
Differences between chemical physics and physical chemistry?
What will happen when a metal reacts with an acid which is neither dilute nor concentrated?
What is the cause for thermodynamic reversible and irreversible process?
What are the standard math prerequisites for physical chemistry?
What is Bent's rule?
How can I work out what reaction will happen?
The walls of a plastic vial with Mercury inside are darkening. What is causing this?
Determining equilibrium constant of complex cell
Reaction Pathways - Substitution and elimination
What is the bond angle of water?
How can I clean solid sulfur and its oxides from test tube?
How to produce hot water-soluble soap balls? What is their chemical background? What about medical capsules?
The difference between heat of reaction at constant pressure and that at constant volume
Using Hydrates as a skin moisturizer
What are the Waves Modeling when Referring to the Atomic Orbitals
Nitrobenzene reduction with (tin) Sn catalyst: Why is C-H bond cleavage preferred over O-H bond cleavage?
Bromination Pathways with alkane, alkene, and alkyne substrates
Designing a theoretical synthesis of methamphetamine from phenylpropyne
Examples of intramolecular hydrogen bonding closing bond angles
Why is formic acid a stronger acid than acetic acid?
Ozone resonance structure: differing opinions
Does knowing the ratio of masses of the elements in a compound lead to the unique chemical identity of the compound?
Utility of Bent's Rule - What can Bent's rule explain that other qualitative considerations cannot?
How many moles of aluminium sulfate react with calcium hydroxide?
What's the order of oxidising strength of the oxyacids of Chlorine?
Water as a strong Base
Length of copper wire in 1 lb spool
Moist Chlorine & Hydrogen Psychrometric or Mollier Chart
Is this the correct mechanism of the formation of the nitronium (NO2+) ion from sodium nitrate and sulfuric acid?
Why are DCM and chloroform so resistant towards nucleophilic substitution?
Why do we need acid when making acetone peroxide?
Is there a systematic way to determine the expected cubic structure of metals?
What additives could make a masonry unit water-repellent but vapor-permeable?
Which d orbitals of sulfur take part in the pi bonds of SO3?
Explaining Ba(OH)2 as a base?
Density of an object
How does KMnO₄ affect electrolysis?
Can citric acid protonation produce benzene and water
Preparation of NaOH Solution
When it comes to bond energy or molecular binding energy, do people mean enthalpy?
Why are metal oxides generally more stable than their corresponding elemental forms?
TLC: Why is a more polar eluent more effective at displacing the points?
How does the vacuum in atoms persist?
Why does alcoholic KOH prefer elimination whereas aqueous KOH prefers substitution?
Does CO2 dissolution in different salt concentrations affects the amount of carbonic acid formed?
Identifying probable compound using its colour & reactants
How to separate HCl and NaOH from an aqueous solution of NaCl?
Extracting silver from Tollens test
Is it possible to make meta-phenol?
Home-made way to detect lye in solution
Addition of combined gas law constant
Dihedral angle of gaseous and crystalline HOOH
Determining if reaction is endothermic or exothermic using equilbrium constant
Protonation of nitric acid
Dissolving Time Function for Concrete
Is there way to detect surface area of nanoparticle by electrochemical technique?
About the way chemicals and molecules are represented
How do I round a calculation involving both addition/subtraction and multiplication/division to the correct number of significant figures?
Can organic acids be concentrated and used like concentrated sulfuric acid and similar mineral acids?
How to get sodium from sodium aluminate?
Are there any negatively charged electrophiles, or simply neutral and positive?
Homemade filter paper
Nitrosation of benzene
Cell Representation of a galvanic cell:
Scary jelly forming on zinc anodes
Distillation: Simple vs Fractional
Deamination of Spermidine?
Does changing the stoichiometric coefficients affect the Nernst equation?
Boat conformation: axial hydrogens
What is the exothermic reaction of superglue with cardboard?
What chemicals are used in receipt paper?
Black Smoke Produced from Regular Lighter but Not Torch Lighter Applied to Copper
What is the wavelength of an electron?
Graphene Vs Copper?
Enzyme Assay - pectinase
Separating citric acid from sugar
How to calculate the solubility product for PbS from galvanic potential?
Show proposed mechanism is consistent with the experimental rate law
Bond Angles and intermolecular interactions
During phase change in matter, why doesn't the temperature change?
Donation by inductive effect and withdrawal by conjugation
Determining exponents in a rate law with different data
Is 4-nitrobenzaldehyde or 4-aminobenzaldehyde more likely to be hydrated?
Significant figures used to imply stated error?
What happens if you autoclave HEPES?
Implicit dependence of reaction rate through reduction potential and activation energy
What reaction is expectable from the atomized reactants?
Is the bond in HF ionic while it is covalent in HCl?
Electron distribution in a C-S bond
Adjusting PBS with HCl: pH drift after dilution of phosphate buffer
How much oxygen is in a cup of water?
How was Mendeleev able to develop his table?
Why does hand sanitizer leave your skin feeling cool?
How to convert cm² to km²?
Which software is suitable to calculate the root mean square deviation between two protein structures?
Atomic Mass of ¹²C before 1961
Most Comprehensive Chemistry Book(s)?
Why won't increasing the temperature increase the solubility of a gas in a liquid solvent?
What would the Electronic Configuration of Ru²⁺ be?
Why is one lobe of an sp3 hybridized orbital smaller than its other half?
Why does water break salt really
Amine group - electron donating or withdrawing group?
Dehydration of alcohol with Lewis acid aluminum trichloride
Resonance stabilization and size of ligand atoms
Chemical nomenclature of ions
According to what criteria was the periodic table of elements ordered?
Silver identification of the group I of cations
What are the correct resonance structures of bromoethene?
How can we measure the atomic radius of an atom?
Is the Ocean acidification inconsistent with the Bjerrum plot?
Determining the redox half-reactions of single displacement reactions
Carbon decrease from 1-octyne to 1-hexene
Why is mercury used in thermometers?
Can you calculate the properties of a substance based soley on its atomic properties?
Resonance contributors and IR stretching frequency
Ammonia to tri substituted nitrogen
Predicting 260/280 of DNA or RNA from sequence?
What happens when 0.02 mole NaOH is added to a buffer solution?
Calculating amount of ice required for heat loss
Why are imines more susceptible to reduction than carbonyl compounds?
Do electrons only fill 'spin up' first? Or could it start filling 'down spins' first?
About possibly healthy salt substitutes
Fuel Cell Chart - Anode, Cathode, Electrolyte
Effect of water viscosity (increased due to NaCl concentration) on dissolution rate of CO2
Are phenylboranes susceptible to ipso or meta substitution?
Can in any case the faster step of the reaction be rate determining?
How does lye appear in ashes?
Regioselectivity of Birch reduction (electron donating groups)
Kinetics of an irreversible bimolecular reaction
Removing HCl from water
Solution, hardener and metal required to cast key duplicates
2-methylpropene to tert-butyl alcohol Reaction Mechanism
Why is carbon monoxide the product in reactions that produce high flame temperatures?
What really happens atomically in an explosion?
Triple Bond Character in Acyl Chlorides
How should I measure out a solution given in nanorods per ml to make a solution of a set number of mols?
How much energy does it cost to have electron configurations that are not in accordance with Hund's rules?
Ionic Character
What is the formula for migration rate of DNA in agarose gel electrophoresis?
Photoelectrochemical (PEC) water splitting
Mixing of powders to make stock solutions
Fluoride Color Reaction
how to determine timescale with characterization methods?
pH Changes in primary cells
Can the thermodynamic information of a compound be calculated or must it be found emperically?
Why is pressure negative in force and work
How to photolyze anything?
Do dark lines on porcelain dishes indicate usage of aluminium for the color?
When is coal considered to be oxidized?
How do we get rid of dangerous explosive acetone peroxide and nitroglycerine?
Why is a temporary name given to an element with an atomic number above 100?
Is there any way to determine if the compound is oxide or peroxide or superoxide?
Which is the bigger ion, F- or O-?
Book recommendations for protein structure refinement
Chemical structure of water-soluble polysaccharide
Synthesis of 1-hexene from 1-octyne
Activation Energy of a rotting apple
Is trans-2-butene IR active with regard to its C=C bond?
Index of Hydrogen Deficiency for para-Toluenesulfonylchloride
Toxicity of a sheet of lead?
Why do we use helium in balloons?
What happens to the amino acid when it is in a solution with the pH of its isoelectric point? (zwitterions)
Is sign convention for delta H and enthapy change of a solution different?
How does alkaline hydrolysis of peptides occur?
The instability of hydrated carbon dioxide or "carbonic acid"
Volatile and non-volatile solutes in solution
What is the highest relative abundance for diatomic bromine?
Why is magnesium hydroxide not hygroscopic?
Why is the water column empty in ICE table
What is the molecular mechanism of ammonia's toxicity?
Does hydroxytyrosol have the same neurotoxicity potential as dopamine?
What has stronger antioxidant potential: BHT or BHA?
Why are d-d electronic transitions forbidden and weakly absorbing? Why do they occur at all?
Can carbon dating tell how long a species would survive?
Which of the following statements is true about the trend down group 7?
Which is the most intuitive to perform Dynamic Monte Carlo calculations?
How to verify the accuracy of a pH meter
Why does steel wool catch fire when rubbed with a battery?
Basicities of meta-nitrophenoxide and para-nitrophenoxide
Van der Waals equation at high temperature and high molar volume
Acidities of amines and carboxylic acids
Acidity of ester and benzoic acid
Baking soda bath to deacidify newsprint?
Influence of Temperature on Biochemical Reactions
Safe explosion demonstrations
Are there any solvents that dissolve talcum powder?
Is the colour of leaves due to d-d transitions in chlorophyll?
How do electrons travel through nodes
How fast will hydrazine boil out of a tube into a vacuum?
Net ionic equation with only aqueous ions
How to determine number of structural isomers?
Would silica have the same effect as activated charcoal?
Formation of carbonic acid from breath?
How can two orbitals constructively and destructively interfere simultaneously?
Relation between the virial coefficients and van der Waals constants
Would equal masses of gold and copper result in the same volume change if added to water?
Unknown anion (one carbon and two nitrogen atoms, charge 2−)
pH of baking soda in water?
What is the procedure to create stock solutions?
What general uses do beta-lactam functional groups have?
"Chemicals" released in headphone with burned cable
Potassium Atom can act as reducing agent, yet ion cannot?
Is there any replacement for ethyl mercaptan in LPG?
OFET vs Traditional Transistors
What is the point of introducing virtual orbitals in Hartree-Fock calculations?
Formation of 2,4-Dichlorophenol by free chlorine mediated oxidation of Triclosan
Represent bonds spanning a unit cell boundary plane
Whats the difference between ionization energy and orbital energy?
Can every conductor be electroplated using copper and sulphuric acid?
Why do higher orbitals have more energy?
What is the best invisible ink for clothing?
Chirality of heteroatoms
Why is the ionization energy for Hydrogen non-zero?
What are the subfields of chemistry that work very closely with biology?
Can lattice enthalpy only be determined by the Born-Haber cycle?
Evidence of orbitals?
Magnesium powder mixed with CuSO4 solution
Grocery store crystalline citric acid
Why does basicity of group 15 hydrides decrease down the group?
Copper is a metallic element, so it is likely to be?
Delta G values for Pyruvate--> Alanine vs. Oxaloacetate -> Aspartate ->Asparagine
Hydrogen and deuterium exchange
Using Conversion Factors
How does life choose it's nominal temperature preferences?
Why does urine smell like ammonia?
Why N2O is a "laughing gas"?
How many grams of acetic acid are present in 2.80 L of this vinegar?
Absolute and relative uncertainty problems
How is the dichromate anion generated from potassium dichromate?
Derivation of the relation between temperature and pressure for an irreversible adiabatic expansion
Metal Compounds that bond covalently
Finding the pressure equilibrium constant of the reverse reaction
Why do we write NH3?
para-dichlorobenzene - number of proton NMR signals
What is charge shift bonding?
How to calculate the mass of a component in battery acid based on the density and mass fraction?
What happens when KCl, K₂Cr₂O₇, and concentrated H₂SO₄ reacts?
What are the other definitions of redox reactions besides the gain or donation of oxygen?
Nature of spontaneous reactions
Unequal ionization energies of methane
45.9 gram sample of borane (a compound containing only boron and hydrogen) and is 85.63% boron. What's the mass of hydrogen in this sample?
Why does rounding off the mol values when finding an empirical formula lead to a different result?
Density of unknown solution?
How many Au atoms can be extracted from 0.250 L of seawater?
The stability of a "Di-onol" - carbonic acid - and analogies to cis-nitrous acid
What is the chemistry behind amalgamation?
How can I find the symmetry labels of atomic orbitals in a molecule?
Could neutralisation of safe chemicals produce dangerous ones?
Conversion of propane to methane
What trends affect hydrophobicity in amino acids?
Finding rf value of methyl benzoate
Is Sodium metal more reactive towards an alkyl halide or an alcohol in a protic polar solvent?
How can I predict what dissolves what?
Steric effects of a lone pair and piperidine
Why does the absorbance of Ca decrease in the presence of certain metals?
How to define the atom numbers in unsaturated hydrocarbons correctly according to IUPAC?
water vapor vs air (in a balloon)
Sodium metal reduction of chloroform
Estimating magnitude of percentage and absolute error
What is the difference between polyethene and polyethane?
Dipole moment of cis-2-butene
Which chemical is responsible for making marker ink permanent?
Calculating collision diameter with viscosity, but not having the mass given
Determining the amount of chlorine in a swimming pool
How would one express pemoline in terms of phenethylamine?
Quick way to find magnetic nature of compounds or ions
What are chiral environments?
Free rotation of sigma bonds; diastereomer formation; thermodynamic and kinetic products
Validity of ionic resonance structures
Electrolysis of Beer
Carbonyl carbon electropositivity?
Carboxylate "cage" concept
Detecting the concentration of chlorpromazine
Is there a catalyst that will reduce an alcohol to an alkane?
Dibromomethane bond angles
What is the IUPAC systematic name for methane?
What is Chevron with Techron fuel?
Significance of 4π in the uncertainty principle
What kind of salts may I add in my GPC Eluent?
ATP break down and energy release?
Relative abundance of the isotopes of iridium
Proton affinities in machine readable format?
Does the iodoform reaction form hydrogen iodide or water?
Why does the pH of this solution rise instead of fall when exposed to the atmosphere?
Here are four observations of the reactions of four metals
Approach to model solvent in a lattice: e.g. H2O in NaCl
Simple experiments involving enantiomer synthesis
Electron Transfer in Organic Reactions: Why Does Brown Iron Oxide Improve Burn Rate of Rocket Candy?
Carbon atoms at the edge of a diamond
Why is sugar used in low-cost homemade rockets?
How to interpret the MSDS warning?
Salt concentration and electrical permittivity of water
Which is the densest gas known?
Find the partial pressure in a container
Preventing the gas when Hydrogen peroxide is added to a detergent
X-Ray Diffraction: Phase Identification Strategy
Difference between S and I in the context of magnetic resonance experiments
How to find the percentage contribution of a compound via gravimetric analysis?
Does potassium nitrate solution degrade?
Which reactant to use to calculate yield?
Outermost electronic configuration of f block elements
Can we determine apriori the volume of solvent in an electrolyte
How does sulbutiamine work in the same way as thiamine, even if it doesn't have a thiazole ring?
Quantitative relationship between corrosiveness of acid and other properties
What actually is the Wavefunction?
Method of allylic and benzylic oxidation
Ring Strain and C=O Stretching Frequency
Chemical bond of adsorbed atoms
Is a single carbon atom stable?
How to find the molecular formula for a hydrocarbon compound from known combustion products?
Concerted hydride and alkyl shifts
How do you solve a net ionic equation without a balanced equation?
Bent's rule for Sulfur trioxide and Sulfur dioxide
Simple explanation of dative bonding
Why does zinc react with sodium hydroxide?
How do we know that hydrogen gas consists of two hydrogen atoms?
Why can't this mixture be used as a buffer solution?
Why doesn't copper react with hydrochloric acid while the other metals do?
Which of the following elements forms a water-soluble, alkaline oxide?
If the electron of a hydrogen atom transitions from energy level n=5 to n=3, which level corresponds to n1 and which level corresponds to n2
Freezing point depression to find molecular weight
Periodic trend in difference of energy between the s and p orbitals
Conductance and Conductivity of acid base titration?
GAMESS crash course?
Using MestReNova: An Introduction
How many moles of aspartame are present in 4.00mg of aspartame? (3 sig figs)
Why is disilyne bent?
Are higher branches of mathematics used in sub-fields of chemistry?
pH of a buffer solution calculation
Resonance of 4-isopropylbenzenethiol
What is the product of two irreducible representations on the character table?
What to do about a un-dissolved substance?
Can assumptions made during calculation of ka of buffer solutions be justified?
Does solubility matter when measuring density with displacement method?
Reasonings on the pH of calcium carbonate in ammonium chloride solution
How does potassium nitrate work as an oxidiser?
Is pyrene aromatic despite failing Hückel's rule?
When I dissolve sugar in my cup of tea/coffee, does it become a liquid?
Why does potential chemical energy decrease with increasing oxidation of carbon?
Why does a chemical have more than one oxidation number?
How does Ostwald-Walker method work?
Balancing the redox reaction
Is there an open Chemical database that includes GHS/CLP classifications?
Do acyl fluorides exhibit resonance donation or inductive withdrawal?
How to solidify sand
Why is proton transfer so fast?
What is the correct net ionic equation for the neutralization of phosphoric acid?
Which gas is easier to compress, the ideal gas or a real gas?
What is the wave function?
Gibbs free energy of chemical compounds
Specific volume of an air parcel
Where to find common inorganic/organometallic molecules?
Material that doesn't melt at 800 deg F, but can be dissolved?
Contactless non-ferrous metals hardening?
Which atoms in a given amino acid are able to form hydrogen bonds with water?
How do Quantum Software Packages Work?
Which atom goes in the middle of a lewis dot structure?
Letting Copper sit in NaOH for 5 min (for monolayer assembly)
Which material to use for athletic accessories?
Why is gold golden?
How do you melt metals with super high melting points?
How does salt and water promote corrosion?
Introduction to Chemistry Textbook - Theory based
How to determine the packing geometry of compounds with contradicting coordination number and radius-ratio values?
Dry adiabatic lifting
Standard electrode potential for electrolytic vs galvanic cells
Redox reactions - alkene to alcohol
What is the lower bound to the temperature at which a fire can burn?
How many atoms of carbon are needed to produce 0.45 mol aluminium?
Something I've never understood in chemistry
How many molecules does it take to have a phase?
How does the reaction of HCl and KMnO4 proceed?
"Carbon snakes" - what physico-chemical process causes the exothermic response?
Mathematics in inorganic and quantum chemistry
Establish the formula of an oxide of chromium
HCl/diethyl ether + Nitrogen?
Thermodynamically Reversible Processes: How does an infinitesimal step make a process reversible and how is maximum work derived from the process?
Zeolite process
What is the constant of integration in a series reaction?
Percent of silver by mass in an unknown sample
What's the most efficient way to find crystal structures of drugs?
Are radioactive isotopes of silver dangerous?
What is the color of elemental silver?
Is there a compound where one element has a CCP structure with all voids occupied by others?
Oxidation State of Oxygen in Na2O2?
By what mechanisms can molecules with the same empirical formula be so different?
Why do different impurities create different colors in diamonds?
Why does gallium nitride allow an AESA radar to be more powerful than a radar with elements made of gallium arsenide?
Heat of combustion for octane
Accessible statement on the intuition and usefulness of group theory to chemistry
Seeking word equations
The role of halogens in electrophilic aromatic substitution
Is there a general method for working out electron configurations?
What is the oxidation state of all the atoms in this compound, W(CH3CN)3(CO)3?
Converting from Grams to Molecules
reaction with Barium Chromate, Potassium nitrate
Why is K2CrO4 Potassium chromate?
Do lone pairs on substituents (e.g. in aniline) count towards Hückel's rule?
Comparing rate of reaction of acetic acid and sodium bicarbonate at different temperatures
Why is the difference in boiling point so much greater between methanol and methane than it is between 1 decanol and decane?
Is the transformation of pi bonds to sigma bonds always energetically favorable?
How does a Frost diagram reproduce the solutions to the wave equation?
Nucleophilicity of bonding vs lone pairs
How to analytically quantify a chemical's potential to intercalate DNA?
Positive or Negative Anode/Cathode in Electrolytic/Galvanic Cell
How can a protein folding transition state have zero lifetime?
What is the difference between Molecularity and Order Of Reaction?
Why do we need the rms, mean, and most probable velocities?
Syn Dihydroxylation of Alkenes
What is a sugar?
What is the word for how polyprotic an acid is?
Allylic Radicals Bromination Mechanism
Reversible elementary reaction
Naturally Occurring Vegetable Oil?
Why would a polar PROTIC solvent favor the addition of HBr to an alkene?
Interesting ionization of sulfuric acid
What is the chemical reaction in a home-made high-bouncer ball?
Degree of dissociation of strong electrolytes in concentrated solutions of ionic substances
Which proton is more acidic in this compound?
Synthetic route for the conversion of ethanol to but-1-yne
Harmless & pungent volatile liquid for use in a stage show
Alkyne formation from vicinal dihalide
Alllylic bromination of 1-butene
How many grams of solid sodium bicarbonate will be consumed?
A contradiction, probably from confusion
Restricted synthesis; formation of nucleophile and electrophile from one carbon source
A semi-transparent material that is a solid
Why does K have a greater electron affinity than Ca?
Why does K⁺ have 0 valence electrons?
How can I turn Pine-Sol into an oil?
How does steric hindrance cause sulfur hexafluoride to have almost no reaction chemistry?
Heats of combustion and stability of rings
What is the Natural abundance of Potassium
Regarding preservatives in food
NMR: Most deshielded protons (electron withdrawal)
Synthesis of synthetic detergent with Friedel Crafts Acylation
Making metal powders using electrolysis - chosing the right electrolyte
Can a Cl atom bond with a non-carbon atom?
Ionic Equilibrium
Simple and cheap anti-graffiti layer based non-paint solvent
Electrolysis not running, maybe dependant on distance of electrodes?
Synthesis of benzophenone
Completing inorganic reactions and writing spectator ions
t-butylbenzene in highly acidic medium
How can we recreate old pharaos' perfumes?
Quantifying CO2 generated/released by the soft drink industry and breweries
Methods for Determining Partial Charges
What are derived names?
Nomenclature in Other languages
What do the stereochemical labels D and − mean in tartaric acid?
Relation in the sign (+/-) for gyromagnetic ratio and magnetic susceptibility
Relation between thermodynamic reversible process and reversible reaction
Effects Guiding Electrophilic Aromatic Substitution
Conical intersections - phase
Why do atoms "want" to have a full outer shell?
13C NMR peak location in butanone
Show the vibrational frequency of fluorine molecule anion is much lower than that of fluorine molecule
Electrochemical potentials
Can I use piranha solution to clean copper out of impurities?
Prevent molten glass from cracking when cooling down
Can functional groups exist by themselves
Which is more basic, hydrazine or ammonia?
What are the conditions for making amines from alkyl halides?
How many unique molecules exist? And how many exist only by synthesis?
Determining perovskite crystal structure
Spectroscopy and photometric error
How to get back my beautiful crystals made from iron and sulphuric acid
How does different diffraction grating effect resolution and sharpness of lines in a line spectrum?
Interpret Radiodecay Symbolism
In this simple redox reaction, why does the Hydrogen oxidize the calcium metal?
What exactly is net ionic equation?
What is the charge of Silicon dioxide?
Why is a strong base needed for an E2 reaction and not a an E1 reaction?
Is catechol (o-dihydroxybenzene) more prone to auto-oxidation than p-dihydroxybenzene or m-dihydroxybenzene?
Asymmetry in trigonal bipyramidal geometry
Formation of halohydrin vs alkyl dihalide
Chemdoodle to mestranova
Heat Absorption of Liquids
How does sugammadex (a modified cyclodextrin) draw rocuronium into its lipophilic cavity?
Non-wetting fluids for precise volume measurements
Explicit differential equation based model of protein folding
Determining weight-percent methanol in water from specific gravity and temperature
How to determine the concentration after a dilution with Beer's law?
Does someone know the name of this equipment?
Why are so many different organophosphates able to deactivate acetylcholinesterase?
How can I compute molar concentration if I am given parts per trillion?
CMAP layout of data
Does hydrogen bonding only occur between water molecules?
What is the liquid in Mathmos lava lamps?
Ordinary chemical means
Why does salt dissolved in water taste like salt? If it's just Na+ and Cl- ions
Why is the standard enthalpy of formation of diamond not zero?
Representation of chemical formulas as strings?
Do reverse reactions occur in combustion?
About electricity and liquid products
Why are electrons transferred in an ionic bond?
Interpreting the MOs of a molecule
Are there ligands without lone pairs?
Is KF the most ionic compound?
Does everything exist as a gas at P = 0?
How does copper reduce dilute nitric acid to nitric oxide and concentrated nitric acid to nitrogen dioxide?
Can we compare the electron shells with the orbits of the planets around the sun?
Proton NMR signals and rings
Energy Calculations using VIt
Type of hybridisation
Finding the equilibrium temperature between two substances in a constant pressure calorimeter
Why doesn't calcium carbonate dissolve in water even though it is an ionic compound?
Fick's Second Law of Diffusion
Carburizing Calculation
Regioselective enolate formation
Is graphene chemically reactive?
Understanding Millimeter of Mercury
How to dissolve candle wax (paraffin)?
A thermos bottle containing milk is shaken vigorously
How do I calculate the molarity of the Na2CO3 solution?
How do I determine the mass percent of Barium nitrate and Sodium acetate in an original unknown solution
Central Atom in EXAFS
What is the strongest acid?
Electrophilic addition of HX to 2,3-dimethylbut-2-ene
Why did roasting of copper(II) sulfate pentahydrate hurt my nose?
How many electrons with l = 1 does Si in its ground state have?
Is my analysis of quantum numbers describing the ground state of At correct?
Can the electron configuration of Te be written that way?
Why is LDL more easily oxidized/damaged than HDL?
Why is cytosine far more vulnerable to hydrolytic deamination than both adenosine and guanosine?
Rate law and rate constant
Fractional Subscripts?
Mechanism of hydrolysis of polycyclic oxetan
Describe the bonding in a tribromide anion, what is its structure?
Can Ice Packs Freeze Water at 21 °C?
Dipoles and determining molecular (a)symmetry
What makes protons give the property of acidity?
Freeware that converts structure in a conformational model?
Oxidation of formate ion by peroxydisulfate in water solution: Why are there "strange" kinetics?
How to Locate the Excited State Dipole Moment in Turbomole Output (TD-DFT)
Number of mercury atoms in a drop of mercury
Nernst equation and electrolysis
How long must a sample be irradiated before all 59-Co atoms are converted to 60-Co?
Colour of Nickel thiocyanate
What are the pros and cons of using Gilman reagent over Grignard reagent to synthesize a hydrocarbon?
How do you determine how many electrons occupy the anti bonding orbitals?
Structure of benzene
Hybridised orbitals
How is Carboxymethyllysine formed from the heating of olive oil?
How to interpret the Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution to find the activation energy?
How can I know when I have added an excess of magnesium oxide?
Kinetics of the conversion from metal oxide to metal hydroxide in water
Actual meaning of equilibrium
Why is equilibrium achieved at different stages of a reaction?
How does aminoguanidine interfere with the formation of advanced glycation endproducts?
What does being an "elementary substance" mean?
How is bonding in the trihydrogen cation and triatomic hydrogen possible?
Radioactivity and Kinetics of disintegration
How is the bond length calculated from the total electronic energy?
Intermolecular forces in Carbon Nanotubes?
What functional groups are subsets of the Alkoxy group?
Can butane-2,2,3,3-tetraol be oxidized by potassium permanganate?
Will propane liquefy under these conditions?
Why is C4 of butynone electrophilic?
Dissociation rates: trans-effect rule in square planar complexes
What is the official file extension for SMILES and SMARTS files
How does an atom's electronegativity change as it becomes more negatively charged?
How can one rationalize Avogadro's hypothesis using the equation of kinetic molecular theory?
What would chemistry seniors like to hear about industrial hygiene?
Miller indices. What determines the appropriate axis?
Why is the para product major in the nitrosation of phenol?
In water, will sucrose be hydrolysed by water to form glucose and fructose molecules?
Find the initial volume of the weak acid given a titration graph
How to recognize Barium sulphite?
Where can I find a complete and accurate table of CPK colours?
Diatomic halogens - bond strength
What are t2g and eg in CFT?
Relationship between Equivalence Ratio and Adiabatic Flame Temperature for Fuel Rich Combustion
Standard list of odors?
Proof of kinetic energy equation
Is dehydrating copper(II) sulphate pentahydrate a chemical or physical change?
Conversion of one atom to another to get the element of the latter atom in abundance
Is there a compound that binds with salt (NaCl) in solution?
What do (R) and (Z) mean in chemical names?
Proof that Equilibrium Constant is a Ratio of Rate Constants
Empirical formula of Berthollides
Resin for making Jewelry
How to temper a non-ferrous metal
Sodium Bisulfate vs Sodium Bisulfite
How do you explain pKa to non-professional?
Why doesn't this structure represent a substituted pentane?
Electron interference
How to recover 15g gold from 50 gallons of 30% Acid?
Why are weak acids weak?
Who Was the First Chemist?
Can I make Cobalt Violet with these materials?
Does copper react with hydrochloric acid?
Assign the configurations of the stereo centres in (-)-menthol and (+)-neomenthol?
Are there any papers linking the bad taste of orange juice after toothpaste to sulfates?
how to measure dissolved oxygen?
What are the product(s) of red phosphorous when burned?
Why do acids ionize in solution if they are covalently bonded?
How to determine peroxy oxygen?
How is the thermal stability of nitric acid related to its structure?
Can the product be called "vinegar"?
Are Grignards Chiral?
Why is sand that insoluble?
Why are some metals ferromagnetic?
Is it dangerous to live near lead?
Why does aluminum have a lower first ionization energy than magnesium?
What is the structure of the Nucleus?
Are there actually any reactions during which STATIC equilibrium is reached, as opposed to dynamic?
Are all esterification reactions reversible? What is their general mechanism?
How can a catalyst not be included in a rate equation if, by definition, it speeds up a chemical reaction?
Enclathrated - definition?
Safe drying agents for drying machine
Nanoscopy Nobel Prize - why are all the tools in the visible light range?
What's happening to carbon electrodes?
What kind of chemicals would exist at the heat death of the universe?
Why can't carbon form an ionic bond?
What chemical will dissolve the plastic coating on circuit boards
Chemicals to clean natural stones
Finding Root-Mean-Square of Ne using kinetic energy?
How is the speed of sound dependent on pressure change in this formula?
What splitting pattern is this?
Explanation of Bent's Rule
Why does F replace the axial bond in PCl5?
Is there a hierarchy to functional groups?
What is the reaction between a copper anode and a zinc cathode?
Determining iron content in spinach from absorbency
Equilibrium constant and reaction Quotient
Why has lithium bromide a slight solubility in organic solvents?
How does bombarding a molecule with electrons cause ionization?
Si and Re facial descriptors
Does a timed reaction "ready indicator" paper exist?
Mechanics behind auto-ignition temperature
Cyanide ion non-bonding/lone pair?
Why would hydrogen not be generated at the cathode when electrolysing zinc sulfate?
What form of zinc's found naturally in vegetables & meat?
Additional Questions Regarding the Auto-Ignition Temperature
Why does Cl- get eliminated from a trichloromethyl anion to give dichlorocarbene?
Is it possible to create a 100% identical copy of a chemical?
SI Units for Isothermal Incompressibility and Specific heat capacity at constant volume
Effect of temperature on benzenediazonium during diazotization
How to derive the nuclear spin of 23Na?
Difference between shells, subshells and orbitals
Can acidified or neutral KMnO4 oxidise toluene to benzoic acid?
Is the Kekule structure of benzene completely wrong?
Why does dimethyl dichlorosilane undergo hydrolysis to form siloxane polymers, but its carbon analog does not?
What chemical substance is obtained by dissolving C60 in olive oil?
Free energy and kinetic energy for reacting gases
Greatest Energy Output Reaction to Atmosphere Air
Why doesn't the Brady's test (2,4-DNPH) work on carboxylic acids?
How to calculate the detection limit?
Are carbocations that bad?
Do non-redox reactions exist?
How to change color of urine safely?
Finding the irreducible representation which an orbital transforms under
What is the meaning of electrode potential?
Is the volume of a protein substrate equal before and after an enzymatic reaction? (pepsin degrading egg white suspension)
What holds atoms together?
Orbital angular momentum
If caffeine is an alkaloid, why is coffee acidic?
Why do we use dG < 0 to describe a spontaneous process?
Ionic bonds- are electrons transferred?
Regarding the free energy requirements for reacting gases
A metal Q forms a carbonate and a nitrate. What is the molecular formula of the nitrate of Q?
Understanding a concentration term
What are some of the simplest chiral molecules in biological systems
Will I get bromine by electrolysis of the brine from the Dead Sea?
Mechanism for hydroxyethylation on nucleobases (e.g. Thymine)
HNMR Assignment
Is cyclobutadiene antiaromatic?
When mixing lye and citric acid, which citrate will form?
Why it is not yet possible to produce ethanol selectively in the Fischer Tropsch reaction?
Terminology of redox reactions: which species are the oxidizing and reducing agents?
Effect of temperature on equilibrium
What would be the effect of the addition of an inert gas to a reaction at equilibrium?
Are the rules proposed by slater for the calculation of Z effective right?
Using solubility guidelines to predict a reaction of two ionic, water-soluble salts
Which solution has the highest total molarity of ions and why?
How do I write a valid CIF, PDB or XYZ file from the coordinates listed below?
Applying the Solubility Guidelines is AgClO4 soluble or insoluble?
Given volume of reagents find the chemical formula of nitrogen oxide
Why does sugar make dough turn to liquid
Hydrolysis of cyclic acetal
How do I figure out the relative polarity of organic compounds?
Write a Net Ionic Equation to Represent the Reaction of Aqueous Ammonia with Propionic acid
How do Gilman reagents open epoxides?
Stoichiometry of Gaseous Reactions
Mass Spectroscopy peak assignments in but-3-en-1-ol
How can I deduce the linearity of XeF2 from the IR spectrum?
Why does silicon not react with dioxygen?
Beer freezing after being opened
How to calculate the volume of dry hydrogen in magnesium/ HCl reaction
Using combined gas law to calculate the volume of dry hydrogen gas
Doesn't the fact that the lone pair on the nitrogen in amides occupy a p orbital contradict Hund's rules?
How do we experimentally know the strength of bonds?
What's the electronic configuration of Nickel and Oxygen in RNiO3 (R=Rare-Earth)?
How to assign the signals in the H-NMR of Aspirin?
How do I find mass equivalence of a photon?
What is the purpose of ammonium chloride in anti hydrogenation of alkynes?
Interpreting a Formula Tattoo (Bipolar?)
Relationship between auto-ignition temperature with pressure and fuel
What is the entropy of mixing of two ideal gases starting out with different pressures?
Convert hexane to 1,6-dibromohexane
Acidic conditions, high heat, and return to carboxylic acids
Concept of "non-superimposable mirror image" in chirality
Ultraviolet acid base indicator
Why are the rare earths erbium (Er), terbium (Tb), yttrium (Y) and ytterbium (Yb) named like that?
How to draw glucose using a Fischer projection?
Caclulating the Solubility of Fluorite in River Water
pH Indicators for Hoffman apparatus
Metal-Ligand-Complex and bond directions: What defines coordinate system of the complex ion?
Does it change the compound if the element letters in its molecular formula are switched?
How to calculate the rate of consumption of aluminium with hydrochloric acid?
Bond Dissociation Temperatures for Hydrocarbons
Reduction of acetaldehyde from rectus and sinister faces
Are there some similarities between J-coupling and j,j-coupling?
Why would electrode reaction in galvanic cell stop when there's no neutrality in each cell?
MDLCT (Connection Table) Format specification
What do chemical constituent measurement units 'g%g' and 'µg g⁻¹' mean?
Confusion with Law of Equivalence
How do electronegativity and lone pairs affect bond angles?
What does the ‘−1’ superscript mean in units?
Phenol protection
Enthalpy of formation and reaction equations
magnetism in metallic alloys
Precautions and tips for Qualitative Inorganic Analysis of Coins
Orbital overlap and size "mismatch"
Carbon-Sulfur Bond Lengths; Resonance Effects (Or Lack Thereof)
Are all anomers diastereomers?
D/L Configuration
Assigning Carbon NMR
Will lye damage vinyl pool liners?
XRD-Shorter distance between planes than actual radius of atoms/or cell parameter
Which has the higher chemical shift E/Z alkene?
Finding initial pressure in a chemical equilibrium
How effective is sulfur in detecting mercury vapors
Determine what the unknown element is
Mass number of isotopes of copernicium denoted with 'm'
Given the mass of precipitate, how can I calculate the relative amount of the original dissolved compounds?
Why can't unimolecular reactions be 2nd order?
Structures of Thiosulfate, Dithionate & Tetrathionate Ions
What is a dl pair in stereochemistry?
What factors might affect the reaction between potassium permanganate and ethylene glycol?
How does a limiting reactant relate to the concentration of ions in solution?
Are bond angles constant?
Recrystallization and purification techniques for getting a pure sample
What would be the most suitable solvent for a single-solvent recrystallization?
What does 'preconcentration techniques' mean?
Perovskite characterization
How many liters of hydrogen gas is produced per gram of aluminium?
Why isn't organic chemistry taught in 3D?
find the pH where is maximum the concentration of a amphiprotic substance
Why does Nitrogen form N₂ (and not N₄) while but Phosphorus forms P₄ (and not P₂)?
Finding compounds with B, Si, Ca, and Mg in differing amounts
Grignards and diatomic halogens
Abstraction of a proton in cycloheptatriene
Interpretation of TD-DFT results
What is the difference between absolute and relative configuration in stereochemistry?
Why does tomato soup "explode" when boiled?
NH2- and Primary Alkyl Halides: Sn2 vs E2
Rate Expression for Reactions Involving 2° Benzylic Alkyl Halides
Why do glucose, galactose and mannose differ in solubility in water?
What is the mechanism for demercuration?
Assigning 1H NMR spectrum and predicting peak coupling patterns for 2H-1-benzopyran-2-one
In a reaction if the equilibrium constant K was infinity, could you produce an infinite number of products at equilibrium?
Does Combining Solid/Liquid Concentration with $K_c$ Matter when Comparing $K_c$ of Different Reactions?
Acidic nature of benzene and other alkenes
What is the difference between configuration and conformation in stereochemistry?
How are the Cahn-Ingold-Prelog rules applied to chiral molecules without a stereogenic carbon center? i.e biphenyls and allenes
What makes carbon special and versatile?
Why does graphite conduct electricity?
Grignards do transmetallation?
Most effective means of removing coffee stains from carpet
Concept of heat of reaction in a isolated system
Electron affinity
Synthesis; effect of hydrogen gas and platinium
Sodium cyanoborohydride and iminium reductions
How does H2O2 bond
Is atom-clean aluminum active enough to react with alkali salts?
How can I estimate reaction rates in water with computational chemistry?
Why gives NaBH4 more Felkin-Anh product than LiAlH4 gives?
C=O and C=C antibonding orbitals
Metal vs. Styrofoam cup calorimeter?
How can the pH value be unitless?
How are cathode rays produced?
Why is the standard enthalpy of formation of elements in their native forms zero?
Which is the more stable enol form?
In which direction does imidazole affect the pH?
Enolizablity of pyruvate and lactate
Potassium permanganate oxidation of sugars
Why hybridization occurs in diatomic molecule
Imine stability in acids and bases
Osmium tetroxide and meta-chloroperoxybenzoic acid
Are there any reactions with no activation energies?
Is there a heat capacity of an object when it is melting?
Why does the photoelectric effect depend on the frequency of the light?
What does "a metallic oxide has 40 % oxygen" mean?
Why are all the orbitals that have the same principal number in Hydrogen degenerate?
Reductive amination of (protected) 3-Oxopropanenitrile: Will azetidin-2-ol be formed via intramolecular ring closure?
Devitrification vs glass transition temperature
Volume of different gas in a container
Acid-Base Titration: Do Acids and Bases Have the Same Coefficients of Moles if They Neutralize One Another?
Net charge of Peptides at pH1 and pH0
Using knowledge of radial distribution functions, how is it possible to explain the different electron configurations of V3+ and Calcium
Smallest whole number coefficient?
Validity of Trouton's Rule
Why does a glass tube show white bands after being heated with a torch?
What causes Starch's lump creation when solvent (butter/water/oil) is added and how to prevent them
What is the type of dependence of the rate of reaction on the amount of catalyst?
Why is NaCl insoluble in CCl4?
Absorbtion of light by a coordination compound
Buffer Power of the amphiprotic substance
Is an ester or a ketone more acidic?
How does the radial distribution function of Vanadium differ from that of Calcium and how does this affect the ionic electron configurations?
Does bleach turn a substance white or colorless?
Melting ice off of trucks fast
How to determine the composition for a sucrose/ zinc nitrate solution from its freezing point?
Efforts made to reduce the amount of CFC
Why is Electrostatic Potential Energy positive when the charges are like?
Why is active mass of a pure solid or liquid always taken as unity?
Why does my coffee creamer have titanium dioxide in it and is it safe?
CO2 removal from mushroom growing tent
Is it possible to normalize the concentration equilibrium constant between different reactions for comparison?
"Asymmetric molecules are necessarily polar"
Dissolving silver braze from tungsten carbide
Can imines be catalytically hydrogenated?
Why fossil fuel is too dangerous?
Is the condenser for a Soxhlet extraction left open on top
Will this beta-branched secondary alkyl halide undergo SN1 or SN2?
Predict the Product(s) of a reaction of tertiary benzylic alkyl halide
Inductive effect and hyperconjugation - one elephant, different parts?
Carbocation Rearrangements in SN1 reactions
Is resonance always stabilizing
SN2 vs SN1 in Acidic Environments for Secondary Alkyl Halides
How do chemical reactions taking place in an alkaline battery produce electrons?
Am I correctly showing a hydride shift on the alkyl halide?
Does the amount of acid change when I add water to vinegar?
Combustion of paraffin
Regarding common preservatives and their effect
Be and B ionization energies
How does a redox reaction between ClO- and Br- take place?
1H NMR proton coupling
is there a lead compound that crosses the blood-brain barrier when ingested?
Are difluorine and hydrogen chloride considered isoelectronic?
Suggest possible structures for the compound PF3(Ph)(NMe2) using the NMR data
Balancing Chemical Equations + predicting products
Which ligands would be exchanged in this reaction?
Bomb calorimeter and heat capacity of calorimeter
Real life chemistry :boiling carrot dices
Enthalpy (H) formula: what is the pressure volume product
Where's my experimental error coming from?
Hydroboration/oxidation vs acid-catalyzed hydration of 1-phenylpropene
Isomer Identification Using Condensed Structural Formulae
What is the reason for the exceptional stability of the cyclopropylmethyl carbocation?
Number of diastereomer pairs of 1,3-dichloro-1,2,3-triphenylpropane
What new material is D3O?
Is this Fischer Projection of (3R, 4S)-3-ethyl-3,4-dimethyl-1-hexene wrong?
Are these statements about change in enthalpy contradictory?
Why does an increase in reduced mass lead to a decrease in frequency?
Formation of azobenzene from nitrosobenzene and N-hydroxyaniline
Wittig reaction with benzaldehyde
Is carbon dioxide IR inactive?
Calcium chloride + starch desiccant packs inside PPE for ebola workers?
How to use gas laws to calculate the partial pressure of a gas that has partly condensed from a mixture?
Difference between the absolute thermodynamic scale and ITS-90
Optical Density numbers
Gilmans and carbon dioxide
Factors to consider to predict EPR
How to predict the type of intrinsic defect?
What is a chemical daily life experience that can be modelled by superior mathematics?
Is (A->B<-C) a multi-step reaction?
MO theory methods other than LCAO
Reaction of Grignard reagents with esters
Conditions for spontaneity
What should the Rehm-Weller equation look like?
What is this glassware for a distillation apparatus called?
Formation of methyl esters
Electrophilic Addition Reaction
what is the acceptable percentage for food grade ethanol?Is 95% ethanol plus 5% water consider as food grade ethanol?
Galvanic cell using NaCl, Cu and Zn, why does it work?
Why doesn't rubidium react with nitrogen gas?
"Orthogonality" of chemical elements
Why can't saliva clean "stickiness"?
Electronegativity in krypton and xenon?
NaCl dissociation not spontaneous?
How does a redox reaction between NaClO and KBr take place? will bromide be oxidised to bromine?
Which substance has the higher oxidation strength?
Gas phase chiral molecules
Is there a pH range for "neutral" detergents?
What does oxidizing strength mean?
Acidity of substituted phenols
Ca energy release when gaining an electron
Why does electron velocity increase with the increase of atomic number?
Finding the Ka of a weak acid after addition of a strong base
Is there any free GAMESS input file maker for Mac OS?
Elastic scattering of x rays in 3D: the principle for XRD analysis
What is the pOH of a 0.0100 F solution of dipotassium phtalate?
Skin Adhesive Emulsion
Make a silver zinc battery
Naming system -"ylene"
Is the ring or the chain chosen as the parent structure in octan-2-ylbenzene?
What is the non-ideal equivalent of mass action kinetics?
Thermodynamics: Is Isolated system possible?
How to find the empirical formula for an nitrogen oxygen compound from the given mass of nitrogen and the product?
Using sodium peroxide to scrub carbon dioxide emissions
Synthesis of Pseudopelletierine, Mannich reaction base catalysed
How does one analytically quantify whether or not a compound is a SIRT1 activator?
Titration of H2SO4 w NaOH: Solving for the molarity of H2SO4?
Products of Lead(II) nitrate decomposition
Is thin layer chromatography suitable to characterize distillate samples?
Dehydration of secondary alcohol via E1 mechanism
How do I isolate calcium from calcium carbonate?
Bromination of 1,3,5-cyclooctatriene followed by nucleophilic substitution by excess dimethylamine
required DM water quantity to dilute Acetic acid
Potassium carbonate and water/alcohol/toluene?
Colloidal Silver?
Why HF plus H2O is not a buffer solution?
How does dimethyltryptamine cross the blood-brain barrier?
Dissociation of water into H+ and OH-: Does the law of mass action hold at nanoscale?
Cubic lattice: How corner atom of a cube is shared by 8 atoms?
can i calculate equilibrium constant of this reaction?
Why does HCl both precipitate and dissolve Silver?
Difference between any arene and an aromatic compound?
Mechanism for reaction between aluminium and iodine
How does B2Cl4 have two perpendicular c2' axes?
chlorine formed in hydrochloric acid
Do disaccharides undergo anomerization?
Hexafluorosilicid acid attacks glass?
General methods of Analysis for FTIR Results
What is the difference between organosilyl, alkoxysilane and silane compounds?
What does 0.12 N mean on a bottle of sulfuric acid?
Why is iron used in the body?
Reactions that occur at the anode electrode of electrolysis dilute H2SO4
Alkane nomenclature - choosing the parent chain - maximize or minimize substituents?
Why is the structure of 3, 4-Dimethylhexane given as follows?
Why are acetals stable to bases and nucleophiles?
What is the oxidation number of the oxygen in BaO2
ICP-OES data treatment: correct for dilution and inweight, the units
Painting metal, does it matter if all rust is removed before?
Definition of major, minor, and trace elements in analytical chemistry
Why would ethanol or water give poor yields in a peptide deprotection hydrogenolysis?
Why is there an exponent 4 after the brackets in sp3?
How can an excited helium dimer be formed?
How to determine concentration of an unknown solution using Beer's Law?
Denaturing of Proteins and Nucleic Acids - Effect of Temperature (Heating VS Cooling)
Storage of Urine
Do elements actually transmute in nuclear reactions?
Calculate the degree of dissociation of AlCl3
Odd color reaction with Marquis and MDMA
how many electrons are in the second subshell of this element?
How report metal amounts as amount of their respective metal oxides?
Why isn't it commercially suitable to dissolve sulfur trioxide in water to produce sulfuric acid?
How can I balance the redox reaction of sulfur dioxide with oxygen?
Filling a buret tip before an experiment
The "rules" for LCAOs in Molecular Orbital Theory
Why is the methyl radical planar?
Gaussian Calculations - What is the Basis?
Symmetry C3V For MeCl
Grapefruit and sugar gelatin like substance
Why do principal energy levels in an atom get closer together as n increases?
Sulfur trioxide structure
How to calculate the concentration of lead(II) liberated from lead(IV) oxide under acidic conditions?
Coloured compounds on reacting with oxygen
Calculating mass and volume of two different substances required for one solution
Synthesise the CBZ derivative of glycine from glycine and benzyl chloroformate
Can someone recommend me a book ( preferably written long ago) that includes all the details of high school chemistry?
Can Ketones next to a Nitrogen hetero atom tautomerise?
How to interpret a luminescence intensity vs wavelength graph?
Decarboxylation under acid, water, and extreme heat
Acid-catalyzed hydrolysis of diphenyl malonate
If the equilibrium constant in a reaction is greater than 1 is it possible that there are more moles of reactants than products?
What is this equation for?
How to find Gibbs energy for a real gas
What is the carbon footprint of a diamond?
Born-Oppenheimer Approximation reloaded
How can Iodine bond with 5 Fluorines in Iodine Pentafluoride?
How will liquid nitrogen affect a steel instrument's ability to function?
Why does in the hydrolysis of acetylsalicylic acid with NaOH the solution has to be simmered gently?
How is the energy of reactants in a chemical reaction found ?
What are the dangers of handling 0.12N sulfuric acid?
Transfer of energy
Can protons be swapped in a chemical reaction?
Boundary lines in phase diagrams and the lever rule
Mixing liquids when applying a voltage
Does the amine used to generate the enolate affect the selectivity of an Evans aldol reaction?
Histidine-Phosphate in Succinyl CoA synthetase and phosphoglycerate mutase enzyme
Why does potassium permanganate turn colourless when reacted with sulfur dioxide?
Finding rate constant at different temperature
Hydrocarbons with only 4 carbon atoms
Binding forces in crystalline solids
Symmetry representations
How do I (further) lower the pH of a pyrrolidine solution?
Explaning Cis & trans isomers through VSEPR
Is this a valid method to find percentage of pure ethanol in an impure sample?
What happens when oxidizing Ni(OH)2 with a strong base?
How do I calculate the concentration of sulphuric acid by a titration experiment with sodium hydroxide?
Structure of carbon fiber
How to determine an unknown gas in a tube with a massless piston at equilibrium conditions?
Why are metal oxides basic and non-metals' acidic or neutral
Does water have a smell?
Balancing Ionic and Net Ionic equations
Extracting sodium from salt
Does silicon dioxide react with alkalis?
Where can we buy chlorinated paraffin for lab application?
Why methyl group is 2,4-directing?
Is there a way to contain fluorine gas for long term so that it can be visually observed?
How much heat is needed to break CO2 down to CO?
Buffer Solution - Sodium Benzoate
How to calculate the temperature from heat of neutralisation?
Difference between baking soda and baking powder
SN1 Reaction Involving Carboxylic Acids
Yttrium -- rare earth or transition metal?
Finding pH of a buffer solution on addition of hydrogen iodide to it
Why the salts in a salt bridge?
Is not possible to find absolute value of internal energy?
Difference between internal energy of combustion and enthalpy of combustion?
Potassium permanganate (VII) + glucose + sodium hydroxide =?
What would be the reaction if melting iron is put in normal water?
Why are double bonds at more substituted carbon more stable?
Limiting reactant and percent yield
How can we confirm the number of protons in an atom?
Assign symmetric and antisymmetric stetches in IR spectroscopy
Why does radioactive decay occur?
What happens if the electronegativity difference is exactly 2.1?
Nernst equation for a fuel cell when gases are stored separately
How to get the reducible representations of the B-B and the B-Cl bond of B2Cl4
Designing synthetic route to dicarbonyl compound
SN2: Neopentyl halides and methyl halides
Difference between white sugar, brown sugar and red sugar
Is glycerol/glycerin soluble in ethanol?
Reaction an ROH-resonance-stabilized Group with Hydroxide/Acid-Base Reactions
A chemical compound with these conditions?
Where is the center of symmetry in the PbO crystal?
How to find the balanced reaction equation for the decomposition of potassium dichromate in non aqueous conditions?
What is the balanced ionic redox reaction of nitrite ions with manganate(VII) ions in acidic solution?
Thermodynamics of Solid-Liquid
Why are there different chemical structures for epinephrine (adrenaline)?
How is the crystal direction important for etching silicon surfaces?
Are there carbon-silicon alloys?
Resonance and reductions with sodium borohydride
How to efficiently reduce of ilmenite to pure titanium?
Equivalencies and catalytic hydrogenation
Enones and hydrogenation
Calculating energy level from wavelength
Do all salts taste salty?
Why is mercury much more toxic when inhaled than injected?
Is there a simple way to separate deuterium oxide from tap water?
Creation of ester from acetylene derivative
What conditions would make SN1 products the major products over E1 products, and vice versa?
faraday laws of electrolysis
Can you eliminate cigarette smoke odor between walls?
Are there attempts to investigate phase states at negative pressure?
Soap versus Shampoo
Is There a Difference in the Definition of Complete and Stoichiometric Combustion?
How to find the mass spectrum of Cl3+?
Regioselectivity of electrophilic aromatic substitution in imidazo[1,2-a]pyrazine
Molecular Orbital Theory and No. of bonds
Adding water on CH₃COONa. What's the new pH?
What possibilities are there for refining aluminium on the moon?
How do I write the deterministic rate equation for bimolecular reaction with similar particles?
Why is ammonia so much more basic than water?
How do I list these elements according to their radius?
Which group does germanium belong to?
Femtosecond spectroscopy
What is the difference between molarity and concentration?
Role of Alcohols(EtOH,MeOH) in nitro reduction used for Metal(Sn,Fe)
Will an iron nail sunk in a highly concentrated salt solution rust?
How to recrystallize boric acid into flakes?
What happens when adding swimming pool salt to a freshwater pool?
What is the correct chemical formula for monosodium glutamate?
Why does AlCl3 dimerise to Al2Cl6 at low temperatures?
Why do strong acids dissociate (almost) fully on a molecular level?
Mass of sucrose solutions
What is lowest energy state, how does an atom gain it and what does it have to do with hybridization?
Properties of f-orbitals
Why did HF disolve this lightbulb at the surface rather than more submerged points?
How to list elements according to their radius? For example Ag, Cd, Au Can you check the accuracy of these sentences I've created?
How can BN be paramagnetic?
What does the Clausius Inequality mean in thermodynamics? (entropy)
Show which group the element with Z=31 belongs
UV-Vis Spectra: Multiple peaks for one component
What is the difference between Dielectric and Capacitive Polarizable Continuum Model?
How are hot and cold defined?
Which electrons will be taken when oxidations take place and how does the resulting orbital diagram look like?
crystalline structure of Si wafers used for MEMS
Can the 1st generation Grubbs Catalyst be used for ring closing metathesis on non-terminal alkenes?
Is a metal hydroxide fully or partly oxidised in insufficient base?
Cyanide from seeds breaking down in a pond
Why is PbCl₄ covalent?
Can I replace potassium nitrate with sodium nitrate in a smoke bomb?
Why is CO a major species only in fuel-rich combustion?
How do I achieve same crystallinity when cooling polymers?
Alkalis and Bases
Does dissociation require energy to occur?
What is 'equality' of chemical bonds?
Lowest CAS Registry Number on record
What are the specific disadvantages of using a bio-catalyst (called Lipolase) in the synthesis of the drug pregabalin?
How ‘lively’ would this ‘health’ potion be?
Strong and weak acid
Reactivity series of metal
The pH of a neutralized solution
Oxygen dissolve in water
What is the difference between carboxylate ions and groups?
How to predict the outcome of a crossed Cannizzaro reaction?
What is the temperature dependency of p/T in the ideal gas?
Cation exchange capacity via IR spectroscopy? Is it as good as barium exchange? What is the intutition on how it works?
Why are the ozonides of heavier elements more stable?
How can compounds like XeO4 form tetrahedral structures despite having double bonds?
Compressible Factor
Why can't the conjugate base of benzoic acid be stabilized by conjugation with the aromatic ring?
Trouble to predict the effect of pressure and temperature for a reaction in equilibrium
Fermentation in the presence of UV light
Chemical composition of petrol
Which vibrational modes of CO2 and CSO do not lead to IR absorption bands?
How can we measure electronic excitation in some "nm"(nanometres)?
Why are square planar coordination compounds with four different ligands optically inactive?
Electrolysis on aqeuous solution
Why do many pharmaceuticals contain fluorine?
How is the octane percentage defined?
stone which turns to black on exposing to atmosphere?
When is the carbaldehyde suffix correct?
How is ethanenitrile protonated?
If dS ≥ dq/T for a spontaneous change is dS ≤ dq/T for a non-spontaneous change and is that even possible?
Exothermic reactions at high temperature and the chemical equilibrium
A way to calculate orbital energy of an electron
How does the presence of chlorine atoms in PVC make it flame resistant?
How do zeolites catalyse the cracking of hydrocarbons?
Why do double bonds break
What makes something biodegradable?
Why concentrated sulfuric acid for dehydration and dilute for hydration?
Definition of relative atomic mass
How can -G/T and -A/T be thought of as 'disguised' entropies?
Find the valences of Z=26
Why V can't have the valence 7 by taking an electron from the 3p orbital and putting it into 3d?
Differences between Urushibara nickel and Raney nickel
What is the hybridization of the nitrogen in the azide ion?
Why is there a doublet instead of a singlet in this Wittig reaction salt configuration NMR?
Proportion of gases in Ideal Gas Mixture?
Since the formation of diamond from Graphite is endothermic and the entropy decreases for this process, how is it possible to make diamond?
Determine # of molecules in an unknown sample
Density of Ni vs Cu using unit cell
Ideal gas law derivation from kinetic theory
Can there be more than one combination of reactant/product concentration for a specific equilibrium constant?
Aqueous Chemistry: Ranking Ion Concentration
Is purple paint more susceptible to UV damage than other colors?
How thermochromism happen?
Could you suggest me a good coupling method for amide synthesis between tetrahydroisoquinoline and a carboxylic acid?
Nuclear spin multiplicity of radicals
Relativistic effects and lanthanide contraction
How are phenols made?
Do liquid O₂ and N₂ form ideal solutions?
Cocrystals vs Eutectic mixtures
Define "reactivity"
Why do the d orbitals have these notations?
Reduction of molality of methanol
Is the refractive index of a solution of four substances is a median of the four subtances' refractive index?
What is the difference between nuclear fission and nuclear fusion?
Is it relevant to pursue a master degree or a doctorate when applying to a job in the petroleum field?
Why is nitration of veratrole specific in these positions?
What is tryptose
Determine the bond angle in a compound
What do the numbers in the preferred IUPAC name for ascorbic acid mean?
Non stationary effects of molecular orbitals
What would be an appropriate way to clean up equipment contaminated with ethidium bromide?
Curly arrow mechanism for reaction between sodium borohydride and water?
Will room-temperature water in a sealed flask evaporate?
How can I derive the preferred oxidation states of a transition metal from its electronic configuration?
Why does delocalization of π electrons bring stability?
How does dimethyl sulfoxide transport other molecules through skin?
How to determine rotational states of a molecule?
Which has a greater entropy?
How to simulate chemical reactions in GAMESS?
In the following reaction, will the ratio between substances be 3:1?
Is this reaction at equilibrium?
Which chemicals could be used to dissolve Polybutylene Terephthalate (PBT), but not dissolve brass?
Elasticity of latex
Hypothetical: What happens to water as pressure increases to infinity?
How to make permanent ink that appears after some time?
Nomenclature for different types of ice
Any home made tricks to fill up a baloon that floats?
Do chemicals have an expiry date?
Electron shell, how do they know it?
How can I find the stoichiometry of a reaction from the volumes of the reactants and products given?
Cathode region in corrosion
Is there a material that reduces copper melting point and completely dissolves?
Procedures in experimental chemistry
Does inversion of configuration necessitate reversed optical rotation?
Good book for foundational chemistry
7,7-dichlorobicyclo[4.1.0]heptane NMR solving
What's the difference between a nucleophile and a base?
How would you find the mass in grams, if you only know the number of particles of a portion of the formula?
Half cell method of voltage calculation in an electrochemical cell
Find H3O+ of weak acid salt solution which compose of solute that can gain and give protons
How should the hydrated proton be represented in chemical equations?
Why is the maximal percent concentration of acids similar to their molar mass
Is +6 really the most stable form of sulfur?
What is the structure of Cl₂O₆?
Why do Electrons leave the Zinc in a Galvanic Cell
Controversy over products of iodate and bisulfite?
Why don't unstable odd electron species dimerize so that they become stable?
A dehydrating agent acting as an hydrating agent?
What happens in reaction of Lead and concentrated Nitric Acid?
Is the definition of anode and cathode failing?
Determine the best hydride donor
Non-zero dipole moment of hydroquinone
When are the terms diphosphate and pyrophosphate used?
How to solve 1-deuterio-3-methylcyclohexene dehydrohalogenation?
Electrochemistry (Spontaneous Reactions)
A defining feature for acids / bases
How to derive the energy of solvation equation?
How is 2D spectroscopy able to show quantum coherent transport through networks?
Hydrogen electrode
Why doesn't baking soda react with the solid form of an acid?
Polarity of amino acids
What is the difference between "reaction in both directions" and "equilibrium"?
number of ions present from moles
Can I change viscosity of an HDPE polymer?
Where does this equation for the activity in the gas phase equilibrium between N₂, H₂ and NH₃ come from?
What makes elements radioactive?
What is the role of POCl₃ in the reaction to form (NPCl2)3 (hexachlorophosphazene)?
How can the hydrogen bonds in solid HF be best represented?
What home chemical can I use to make droplet lens?
Is the speed of gamma rays equal to the speed of radio waves?
Stuck with derivation of the integrated rate equation for a pseudo first order equilibrium reaction
What do short-range and long-range corrections mean in DFT methods?
Where can I find the infrared band positions for phosphorus compounds?
Chemistry Experiments at Home
Do the π-electrons from the C=O bond in tropone contribute to Hückel 's rule?
Resonance structures of lysine and cause of its basic nature
Is it possible to construct a 3D molecular model using x-ray powder diffraction data?
Do each and every resonant structures contribute to a resonance hybrid?
Why are lactones more acidic than esters?
Chemicals in a Rubber Compound - NSR 20, Accel CS, Accel DPG, Anitiox Q, Antioz PMB
Why is o-toluic acid (2-methylbenzoic acid) more acidic than benzoic acid?
Why does hydrogen bonding in salicylic acid make it more acidic?
Is the Nitrogen in pyridine electron withdrawing and what effect does this have on electrophilic substitution?
What's the meaning of the $-\equiv-$-like bond symbol?
Antacid tablet is acid?
What determines how favorable (exothermic) the electron affinity of a certain element is?
What is the specific heat of copper through its phases?
Write the combustion equation of an organic compound
Why is bipolar resonating structure less stable than monopolar structure?
What is the reason behind the numbering of nitrogen bases?
How can I relate the reactivity series to electronegativity and ionization energy?
Balloon from float to sink?
What do different forms of ice look like?
Inductive effect in Organic Chemistry
Reactions in water radiolysis - producing hydroxyl radicals
Why is the +3 oxidation state of Cerium more stable than +4?
What is the reaction mechanism of a 5-endo-trig cyclization?
Disproportionation Reactions of the Halogens: Writing balanced net ionic equations for four reactions. See details
How to synthesize cyclopentane from cyclohexane?
Titration: Standardizing NaOH using PHI
How do I calculate the mass percent in the original mixture?
How do I approach drawing all of the possible constitutional isomers?
What conditions can cause a material to exist as a gas?
Is this poor wording for a chemistry question? Does it require a simple answer or not?
Inductive vs resonance effects and the acidity of phenol
Is the phenoxide ion aromatic?
How significant is air decomposition on formation of nitrogen oxides?
Why does pasta become sticky after being cooked?
Explanation for behavior of acetic acid in aquaponic/hydroponic systems?
What will happen to the entropy and free energy of the gasses when the partition is removed?
What is the bonding picture in Peroxomonosulfate?
Form the oxides of the element Z=39
Which bond - C-C or C-H - is stronger?
List in order of increasing polarity?
What is a water blank?
Differences between alkyl halides and alkyl tosylates
What's the strongest known organic acid?
What is a sacrificial agent?
Why is water transparent?
How can I interpret the colour of flames in terms of spectral series?
More acidic - protonated carbonyl or protonated hydroxyl?
Do we need to standardize 10M of NaOH?
How to detect azide group on a primer?
Why is the dipole moment of ethyl chloride larger than that of vinyl chloride?
What is a good (small) model system for ligand metal charge transfer practises?
Why formulate drugs as HCl salts when HCl is in stomach acid?
Can you concentrate alcohol by evaporating the aqueous solution at room temp and collecting on a cold surface?
Proper typography of "NOx"
Auto ignition of tert-butyl mercaptan mixed with mineral oil
How is bismuth(III) able to form 3 bonds with hydroxide molecules in bismuth(III) hydroxide?
Where does the molar mass difference between N₂ and CO come from?
How can a waterproofing material be "water-based"?
What is the effect of conjugation of a carbonyl group in IR spectroscopy?
Sunscreen or sunblock
Some abnormalities in the Periodic Table
Is is possible to do mass spectrometry without coupled liquid chromatography?
Why is it that every snowflake is unique?
Do water hybrid cars really exist?
Hydrolysis under basic conditions
Does product induced poisoning qualify as a rate limiting step?
Preparation of iodine solution
Why is the hydride ion negative?
How to determine relative size of polyatomic ions?
The effect of hyperconjugation on the stability of alkenes with MO theory
Substitute solvent for diethyl ether?
Effect on kinetic energy of a body with change in temperature
Cu2+ octahedral complexes
Calculating the concentration of salt water
How to predict the solubility of an organic compound in different kinds of solvents?
Why doesn't limestone thermally decompose instead of turning to marble?
Stereo Isomerism - syn/anti
Stability of cis vs trans isomers?
Is bicyclo[1.1.0]butane chiral?
Significance of Proton Tunneling
Why isn't washing up liquid dry
Concerted mechanism of saponification
How to balance the disproportionation reaction of manganate anion in basic conditions?
Gas Stoichiometry & Ideal Gas Law
If radium has such a long half-life, how can radon possibly be a threat to us?
Rationalizing enamine stabilities
What Causes there to be a Maximum Amount of Salt which can be Dissolved in Water?
What is the Difference Between the Conjugate Effect and the Inductive Effect?
Ratios of produced gases in water electrolysis
In the wet medium of an ocean, how does a hard shell form?
Inductive effect of hydrogen isotopes
how protons(H+) react with matter and cause the solution to be acid?
Does STED microscopy allow us to see reactions happening on a substrate
Why is the boiling point of heavy water more than that of normal water?
How to Determine Acid Strength?
What would make guanidinium ions and urea more effective denaturants of proteins in some cases, but not in others?
Phase diagrams (weird region)
Reducing agent in preparation of CpRuCl(PPh3)2
What governs the merging of globs of inmiscible liquid?
How to find the mass of the solute given a concentration as a mass fraction?
Elements of paper
Coordination numbers of ionic and intermetallic compunds
Why does a smaller amount of propanol burn slower than a much larger amount?
Identifying an aerogel like material or similar alternatives
How to check if azobisisobutyronitrile (AIBN) is still active?
How to calculate the activation energy of diffusion of carbon in iron?
Endo rule and stereoselectivity in the Diels-Alder reaction
Does radioactivity affect chemical reactions?
What is the mathematical foundation for the probabilistic nature of chemistry?
Old samples of magnesium oxide become contaminated with magnesium carbonate. Suggest how this contamination takes place
Quick Stoich & Gasses
Bond Potential Energy Lowering
Can I break starch down into glucose units?
Carbocation rearrangement in alkene addition reaction
Does baked bread have the same amount of calories as its ingredients?
Does the hydrogen taken in an E1 reaction have to be antiperiplanar?
Why is the halogenation of an alcohol a multistep process?
Is Sweetwater, Missouri, named due to water contamination with lead compounds?
What would be SMILES notation for a compound with delocalized bonding?
How do I make PDB 1HIG's data usable for producing ball-and-stick models?
Why is benzoic acid a stronger acid than 3-aminobenzoic acid?
Thermochemistry problems?
Why can't an enolate anion successfully displace a halogen from a benzene?
Predict the standard potential at 310 K for the cell constructed from the hydrogen electrode and metal-insoluble salt electrode
Determine which orbitals will form hybrids with one another
Why isn't water an ionic compound?
Why they have different flame colour?
What is the proper Lewis structure of carbon suboxide?
What is the systematic name of a "double benzene"?
Magnetic moments of tetrahedral Cobalt (II) and (III) complexes
What's wrong with using tin in medicinal chemistry?
Best x-ray dopant?
Does metal oxidize (faster) in dirt?
Where does the extra electron come from in the Lewis Dot Electron structure of say for example nitrate ion?
Which is the correct numbering of locants for ethyldimethylcyclohexane?
How much CO2 is created during water electrolysis with a graphite anode?
What is the Chemistry behind "good" and "bad" cholesterol & their relation to Cis/Trans fatty acids?
How to produce fumes in chemistry lab?
Where does the energy in the exothermic reaction of CaCl2 with water come from?
Symmetry representations for CH3CN
Please explain the mechanism of Cannizzaro's reaction
Can we repair a dead body?
How to study Sodium hypochlorite stability with materials
Is a carbon-fluorine bond stronger than a carbon-chlorine bond?
Organic synthesis problems
How to calculate the molar mass of a protein from its osmotic pressure?
Reactions of tin (IV) iodide with potassium iodide and water
The toxicity of carbon monoxide in terms of its interaction with haemoglobin
How to derive the pressure dependency for the Gibbs free energy?
Have Ionic Liquids been used to refine aluminum on an industrial scale?
Half reaction method justification
Electrophilic aromatic substitution with fluorine
What is the mechanism of a 1,2-hydride shift?
Finding the thermodynamics of protein unfolding from temperature and absorbance using fluorescence spectroscopy?
Melting and boiling points of benzene and fluorobenzene
What is the dipole moment of the most stable conformer of 1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethane?
Why can't all electrophiles act as Lewis acids?
Source for Rf-Values especially 1-phenylazo-2-naphthol
Acetic acid or ethanoic acid - trivial names vs systematic names and correct formula representation
Etching around corners
Why there is charge on the elements, in the dative bonding?
Why doesn't Boron form Diborane with water?
Can HBr add to a non-sp2 hybridized carbon?
Reduction of α,β-unsaturated nitro compounds
How to determine which of two metals will have the higher temperature after applying the same amount of thermal energy?
Why does the aqueous solution of sodium peroxide turns red litmus into white?
Why do only ketones exhibit keto-enol tautomerism?
Why is osmium the densest known element?
What type of compound/element might be in these glowing tiles
Good resource for chemical equivalence
Why does dimethyl ether have a bond angle bigger than 109.5 degrees?
Why don't electrons pair up in an oxygen radical?
A 4.00 L sample of gas is cooled from 67 °C to a temperature at which its volume is 2.60 L
Why does N₂ react with O₂ to Form NO at high temperatures?
Does iron(III) sulfate react with copper?
Common ion effect and acids
Strong Base combined with Sp2 carbons in Nucleophilic Substitution and Beta-Elimination Reactions
Where does the Fe(III) ion go?
Identify structure of compounds from their reactions and molecular formula
Why doesn't nitric acid have a positive charge?
How to find the valence of transition elements?
When will the mass of the reactant increase while being heated up?
Why does coordinate covalent bond form?
Abundant substances which I may use like coupling agents
How does higher carbonyl compounds disolve in water?
If the hydroxide ion is such a poor leaving group then why does water dissociate?
Why is it necessary to consider infinitesimal changes in p,V,T for H,U and G given that they're state functions?
Confused about parity of atom and chirality
Why is hydrogen bonding more significant than any other interaction between dipoles?
Does more branching lead to lower boiling point in alkanes?
Is there a substance that would react with seawater to produce a dense, insoluble, nonporous precipitate?
In which beta-elimination reaction do the structures of the carbocations formed influence the reactivity?
Why does microwave heat up things so much more quickly than visible light?
How to calculate the average size of cubic crystals of KCl powder?
Which Lewis Structure for BeCl2 is more commonly seen?
Determining the direction of chemical reactions based on the activity series
Determine the molecular formula of the compound using percentage composition
Is hydrogen bonding generally defined to include only three period two elements?
Why is covalent bonding stronger than electrostatic attraction?
Periodic trends: why is effect of protons greater than electrons?
Finding pH of tri-protic acid
How does the oxidation of NaI by sodium hypochlorite to give I+ work?
Maximum coefficient of friction between nylon and polyethylene
Galvanic Cells, theoritical voltage
Why is Cu2HgI4 filtered while it is hot?
IUPAC name for a branched alkane
How does a catalytic poison reduce a catalyst's activity?
Why is a reaction more favorable if one of the products is not soluble/sparingly soluble?
What distinguishes a Lewis Complex from an Adduct or are they synonymous?
How is it possible to quantify the strength of a Lewis acid/base?
Which is the parent chain in Neopentyl chloride? and why?
Why is gold unreactive when only one electron is in the outer shell?
How is it possible to account for the fact that NH3 is a weak base in water but a strong base in HCl?
Is there a simple and inexpensive way to generate nitrogen gas?
How do noble gases bond with themselves?
What effects would an electron in the nucleus have?
Halogen bond definition
Why is aluminium(III) considered a hard acid if it forms covalently bonded compounds like aluminium oxide?
Why is the electronegativity of hydrogen 2.20?
About the meaning of the names of f orbitals
Why is Graphene So Strong?
How do sunscreens protect the skin from UV rays?
How to find the possible valence states of elements in the lower end of the d block and the f block?
Stability variation in heavy nuclei
Ratio of MbO2/Mb in a satured solution of dissolved oxygen from dry air
What kind of carbon ions exist?
Why do some solid chemicals dissolve better in colder water?
Delocalization of pi electrons in nitrate ion
A misunderstanding about the energy profile of reactions with a catalyst involved
Why do Grignard reagents react with epoxides but not THF?
What makes R-MgX a more reactive Grignard reagent than R-Cu?
DFT Calculations, Atomic Ionization Potentials -- Which Exchange-Correlation Functional to Use, to Preserve Koopmans Theorem?
In E1 reactions, does carbocation stability have impact on the final product?
How to calculate the heat of dissolution from a calorimeter experiment?
What other factors can make a compound dissolve into water?
Molality of solution having more than one solute?
Titration of sodium carbonate and nitric acid
Friedel-Crafts Alkylation Using Alkenes: Mechanism
What is the origin of the naming of deoxycorticosterone acetate?
Why is water "the universal" solvent?
How do I calculate the density of propane assuming an ideal gas?
What are the molecular orbitals of the hypothetical linear H₃⁺ molecule?
How does grease become airborne?
Search materials by HOMO, LUMO and work function
What defines an element's taste?
Why is methanol toxic?
Grignard reagents react with epoxides but dissolve in THF, what happens in oxetane (four membered ether ring)?
How will my studies in mathematical statistics be applied to and assist me with problems in chemistry?
The difference between peptide bonds and the bonds between polypeptides?
Why is the iodide anion a good nucleophile but a poor base?
Does the ammonium ion hydrogen bond with water?
Do Grignard reagents react with amides?
Why is water a poor solvent for organic molecules?
Aspartame poisoning: Can it modify aminoacids?
Can we define a new unit instead of specific heat that is constant with temperature rise?
Synthesis of glycerol from methane?
Same monomers, different water content?
Neutralizing sulfur-like smells in car
Why is sand, sand; and why is glass, glass; While both mainly contain Silicon Dioxide?
what is the white fuzz left behind on basement floor after puddle evaporated
How are catalysts discovered for a particular reaction?
Phase rule and degrees of freedom
What is the usage of orbitals more complex than f orbitals?
What is the reason behind choosing the specific elements used for the synthesis of heavier elements?
What do atoms look like?
Electrolysis of salt water into sodium hydroxide with YSP
Why can alkali metal hydrides usually not act as nucleophiles towards carbonyl groups?
Ethane and ethene: which is easier to burn? Which one burns hotter? Why?
How many electrons are there in the pi-system of cyanogen?
GC-MS unexpected peaks during 1-octanol quantification
What compounds exist in the bitter peel of specific fruits?
What physical properties are manifested when an electron leaves Na and moves to Cl to form an ionic bond?
Fireplace window: Can one influence how fast soot is building up?
How do I purify the resulting compound after a nitro- to amine-group reduction?
Why is tetracyanonickelate square planar?
Current in Battery
Reaction Rates & Equilibrium
Hydrogen peroxide from water
Does hydrogen bonding strength correspond to Brønsted basicity in a given medium?
Terminals Of An Electrochemical Cell
How to explain the increase in current with the increase in the concentration of responsible ions?
What type of Organic Substance is used in LCD
Why do gases only transmit sound waves whose wavelength is long relative to the mean free path?
Is the smallest or largest diameter important for the color of a molecule?
How does Melatonin put you to sleep? How is this compound radio-protective?
Cannizzaro reaction versus Nitroaldol reaction
Density of water and temperature
Boil to dry 50 liters water
How does a carbocation have a positive charge?
How can an insoluble compound be a strong electrolyte
How is the dissolution of acetic acid that makes its aqueous solution a poor electrolyte?
Calculate the root-mean-squared speed of free electrons in the Sun's corona given pressure, temperature and mass of an electron
How to get the first step of the derivation of the Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution
Does concentration of salt increase or decrease rate of rusting?
How do derive the equation for relative velocity of gas molecules
Martensitic transformation in ceramics
Which of the following is the strongest base?
Why six C atoms are usually seen in cyclic compounds?
If something contains large amounts of cyclopentane and cyclohexane, what is it called?
Clean tin with aluminium
What is the chemistry behind cleaning silverware with aluminium foil
Why do esters actually smell?
Chromic acid oxidation of aldehydes and primary alcohols
How is tea affecting water's color?
Draw a simplified MO diagram for the pi system of Methyl vinyl ether
Using MO theory, give an explanation for the C-C bond length in cyanogen
How to find the volume of oxygen release by the decomposition if potassium chlorate?
Dimers and polymers of electron deficient compounds
Does the protective layer of Aluminum oxide form on the surface of aluminium alloys (such as Al-Zr) as well?
How is N to C ratio measured in forming austenitic stainless steel?
What is the difference between "bromine" and "bromine water" in their reaction with an alkene?
Is the aromaticity broken in some resonance structures of para-nitro-aminobenzene?
Can fully-hydrogenated oils be mixed with unsaturated oils for use in food (margarines, etc)?
Clean silver with aluminum foil and *
Is 1000ml of 'hot-ice' solution dangerous?
How to know whether s-p mixing will happen in heteronuclear molecules?
Alternative PCB etching solutions - Is KMnO4 or NaClO suitable oxidizer?
Where does the energy of formation of covalent bonds come from?
Elimination of bromide and acetate under reducing conditions
Why should the product of the normality of the acid or base and its volume be constant?
Unitary Transformation of the HF equations
What happens when an explosion can't lead to volume increase of the thermodynamic system?
Why the second ionization energy of helium is greater than the first?
What is the proper name for the but-1-ene's isomer methylpropene?
Is it likely that increased understanding of quantum physics will change our understanding of chemistry?
How does UV affect skin colors in dark-skinned people?
Why did the salt on the skin of my turkey react with the aluminum foil it was touching?
How does one export a PDB structure to SVG?
Negative ions and health: pseudo science or something more?
Why are there no cheap diamond equivalents?
Comparing Basic strengths of different species
Acidity of oxonium ion
Understanding and usage of Arrhenius equation
Order of nomenclature precedence among these functional groups
Why is a trialkylamine a better leaving group, in nucleophilic reactions, than a Cl group?
Two 2" solid steel bearings for stress relief hand-rolling. Safe? What's that smell? How to thoroughly clean?
Why does the ionic product of water remain constant after addition of non-neutral solute?
Equilibrium Constant of a Salt knowing the solubility
Experiment to prove that water has air
Why is dU an exact differential and dq an inexact differential?
What is the mechanism for the creation of P(CH2OH)4+ cation?
The use of ice water in an experiment
Mechanism of dehydrogenation with nosylate
Does the density of a liquid and gas phase of a substance(nitrogen or water) converge when reaching critical point
What is a covalent semiconductor?
Why inert pair effect is seen in P- block elements only
How to decide acidic or basic nature of oxides
Is it possible for Hydrogen to lose its electron?
Is carbon dioxide organic or inorganic?
Are there two compound resins that tolerate over 1000°C for glass/carbon fiber?
Is this the correct equation for the mean free path?
Why do acids usually completely react with bases?
Distortion of graphene structure
What are the physical properties affected in ZnO when there is a sulfur impurity?
Can a single monomer be a macromolecule? If so, when?
Electroplating to create a scratch-free surface?
How effective is a level A hazmat suit for immersion in deadly substances?
Molecular structure of all periodic table element molecules exceptional cases etc
Oxidation of methane
Nuclear power: what material is the control rod made from?
Why is an electropositive metal like Zinc capable of plating out?
Why do some substances ionize instead of dissolving in water?
Reaction of solid metals with a solution of metal ions
First ionization energy of hydrogen molecule
What does C-OXT stand for in PDB files?
How do I convert zwitterions to neutral form in Avogadro?
what would happen if you got a full package of wet silica gel on your hand after it tore open?
How are reactivity and dipole moment related?
What is it with resonance structures?
C-H Bond Dissociation Energy varies with substitution
How is it possible to obtain a value of 8/3 as an oxidation state?
How does Resonance stabilize a molecule?
What's the H-C-H bond angle in ethene?
Does glucose react with Brady's reagent?
How was the diatomic nature of many common gaseous elements originally determined?
In a mass spectrum, how can the sum of relative abundances be greater than 100?
How to know if something will be a good oxidizing/ reducing agent? (Besides the activity of the metal)
Why does precipitate always form so naturally?
Why is activation enthalpy found and not just rate of reaction?
Public API for physical properties
Quick-and-Dirty Molecular Dynamics by Mass-Weighted Atom Translations?
Acid dissociation constant and equilibrium constant
How exactly is ammonium sulfate formed in a Kjeldahl analysis?
Can ozone have a triangular structure?
Is cyclohexol the same as cyclohexanol?
Do Palladium(II) Chloride and Palladium (III) Chloride follow 18-Electron rule or octet rule? How to determine this?
How to find and use the Clausius-Clapeyron equation
How do I find the oxidation number of a coordination complex
Stereogenic C and enantiomers
How do epoxys cross-link?
Why two ( or more) gases have proportional volumes at constant pressure and temp.? (Avogadro's Law)
Why do middle school and high school chemistry classes teach students that electrons are little balls?
How to determine the molar enthalpy of hydration of sodium sulfate in the laboratory?
Why do nitro groups confer explosive tendencies?
Reuse 20 litre plastic drums for drinking water?
Resonance in Propenal
Draw the four isomers of C2H2Cl2Br2
What properties of an element determines the maximum number of bonds it can make?
Which formula is correct for calculating the heat of dissolution?
Why do heavier elements have smaller specific heat values.
Difference between polypeptides and polyamides
Why do molecular orbitals in solids merge to bands?
Naming rules and acidity of Cl2CHCH2COOH
What is the unit of molar conductivity?
What is "heating under reflux"?
Why does screening effect decrease due to d-orbital?
IUPAC naming - choosing the main branch
Are these reaction equations for the formation of the brown ring complex correct?
Cis-Trans Isomerism
What are the possible concentration pathways for a 3-species system?
Are all amino acids except glycine chiral compounds?
Wade's rules for Zintl ions
NMR and pseudorotation
Why does superglue ignite cotton?
Why does capillary action occur better in narrow tubes than in wide tubes?
Entanglement of large molecules
Does the water in hydrates affect final concentration?
What causes the lowering of vapour pressure in volatile/nonvolatile solvent mixtures?
Lewis Acid Catalysts
Can you have addition polymerisation with monomers other than alkenes?
Why do gummy bears explode when added to hot potassium chlorate?
Is shielding of electrons really best described as shielding or is it really Coulombic repulsion between electrons?
Why is the units of kcat 1/s?
Expressions for constant volume and constant pressure heat capacities
What is the difference between "reaction pathway" and "reaction mechanism"?
Calculating the Gibbs Free Energy of Mixing
Why is it possible, that an equilibrium shifts?
How to selectively convert benzene to p-nitrotoluene?
Separating gold and silver from gold foil using hydrochloric acid and hydrogen peroxide
Can a change in internal energy always be expressed as the product of the constant volume heat capacity and the change in temperature?
If hydrogen bonding in water was weaker, what happens to H+ ion concentration?
Why is Gibbs free energy more useful than internal energy?
Practical safety of storing potassium
What causes electrons to move from zinc to copper?
Is there an authoritative list of chemical reactions/transformations?
Can I change glass transition temperature (Tg) and impact resistance with additives?
Why was atomic mass scale changed from Oxygen - 16 to Carbon - 12?
Why do simple molecular substances have weak intermolecular forces and why do giant covalent substances have strong intermolecular forces?
How to prove that entropy is a state function?
Why is dG=dH-TdS?
how to use di-tert-butyl dicarbonate (diBOc) as a solvent?
Is reducing nitrogen oxides with ammonia practical in a gasifier?
Should the volume of a solute be factored into the volume of a solvent when preparing a substance of a certain molarity?
Do molecules with carboxyl groups have properties of carboxyl's sub-functional-groups?
Chemical Composition Changes in Liquids
How to accurately calculate the electromotive force for various conditions in a salt water battery?
Benzotriazole to o-phenylenediamine
Why use a heating block?
What are the bond angles in cyclohexane?
in the electrolysis of H₂SO₄ solution, when the concentration is increased why does the current increase even when OH⁻ ions reduce?
How does absence of nd orbital in Oxygen affect its valency?
If the standard state symbol means that the substance is pure (and at 1 bar) how is it possible to have a standard REACTION enthalpy?
Regioselectivity of alpha halogenation of ketones
How can concrete set underwater?
Halogenation of an alpha-halogen ketone in acidic conditions
How does photosynthesis work?
How to tell if a molecule will participate in hydrogen bonding with water?
Can there be more solvent in a solute?
Obtaining chemical graph complexity index from SMILES or InChl
Is the reaction exothermic or endothermic?
Is there any graph that depicts the deviation of real gases from Charle's law?
How does volume contraction in solvent mixing work?
What kind of compound absorption the 365nm UV light on TLC
Can state of matter from liquid to gas maintain the same molecular structure in PE or in polymers in general, like water does?
Gibbs free energy can be expressed as a function of P,T and n but are enthalpy and internal energy also (partially) functions of n?
How to calculate a reaction's DeltaH using a MM forcefield calculator software?
Salt analysis using spectroscopy
Catenane optical activity
Comparing adamantane carbon types for accepting OH using MM ForceField
Enantiomerism and Diasteriomerism
Hooke's Law for absorption spectra
Luminescent materials under IR radiation?
Why should the redox reaction happen between the copper ions and iron atoms?
Experiments in chemistry involving use of stereo microscope?
How does the chemical potential allow for open systems to be considered?
Will the water at the bottom of the tube boil at the same temperature as the water at the top of the tube?
Why does the freezing point of a sample gas occur at a certain temperature?
Why doesn't HCl form when you dissolve NaCl in water?
Why is benzene called "aromatic"? Why not "circular" instead?
Why do two atomic orbitals form two molecular orbitals?
Is the fact that table salt is composed of Na & Cl a chemical or physical property?
Stability of Sulfides - backbonding?
Why does Cobalt have different coordination numbers in its complexes with water and thiocyanate?
Is there a reaction happening between Coconut Oil & Hydrogen Peroxide?
Which of the following atoms has the largest first ionization energy?
Beta Decay - Doesn't Add Up
What will eventually happen to uncovered vegetable (seed) oil exposed to the air?
Is it possible to make broad spectrum light absorbing paint?
Whats the difference between entropy and the (dis)order of a system?
Can we really see the bonds?
In order to be a gas does the pressure exerted by the gas has to be more than the atmospheric pressure?
Why is the pKa (COOH) of alanine and glycine similar but the pKa (NH3) different?
Cell overpotential diagrams
Significant Figures: To expand or not to expand?
Which one of the compounds listed would we use in order to get the highest concentration of sulphate ion in a saturated solution?
Are the values for enthalpy, internal energy and Gibbs free energy the same for a particular process?
For a system to undergo a spontaneous change at constant temperature and pressure the Gibbs free energy must decrease, but how?
How could you dissolve a coating of CaCO3(s) from a metal plate?
why do we consider CuO as a base?
In the elementary steps of a reaction, why do we assume that the coefficients of a reactant correspond to its order?
Calculating the volume of 1 mole of liquid water
What value of temperature does T represent in Gibbs Free Energy Equation?
Drying Clothes Outside Below Freezing
What happens to energy changes in non-reversible processes?
Why is pyridine a monodentate ligand, but pyrrole a tridentate ligand?
How does this method of calculating the water equivalent of a calorimeter work?
Why does the Born equation give the Gibbs free energy of solvation rather than enthalpy of solvation?
Reviving a 6 Volt lead-sulfuric acid battery
It is said that atoms cannot be created. If so, then how did atoms get created after the Big Bang?
Second electron affinity of sulfur and oxygen
Is oil shinier than water? Why?
What is the OH in alcohol?
Does acetylene give a positive Tollens' test? If not, why is this so?
Rock salt structure: chloride lattice or sodium lattice?
Why is ionization potential considered a periodic property?
Is there a method for finding the net-ionic equation?
Heat given off from an electrochemical cell compared to mixing reactants
Electrolysis used to cause a Chemical Reaction?
How do I know with which oxidation numbers I can form a certain kind of compound?
The Combining of Carbon Dioxide and Hydrogen
ph & pOH - Autoionization of Water
How do the strong acids dissociate?
Potassium thiocyanate and iron(II) acetate
How to determine the empirical formula for terephthalic acid from its combustion products?
Is this the right conclusion for a thought experiment?
Why is it not possible to determine the rate constant this way?
Why does a liquids height in a Barometer depend linearly on pressure?
What's the reason for discrepancy between DFT calculated image and NC-AFM-acquired one in this article?
London dispersion forces and distance relationship
Can we make a rusting battery
Looking for a chemical to calibrate a temperature sensor
Unusual color from leaking battery. What happened?
Why does reduced mass help when talking about two body problems?
What does CH4 form when dissolved in aqueous solution?
Can a network covalent solid be amorphous?
Is there an isotope effect for diffusion of an ion through a crystal lattice?
Why is the rate of disappearance negative?
how to determine range potential of Pb in cyclic voltammetry?
What causes the colour when conducting flame tests on solid salts?
What is the major side product of the reaction between 2-bromo-2-methylpropane and hydroxide ion?
Why might my limelight experiment have failed and how can I improve it?
How is the process of creating PVC fabrics harmful for the environment?
TPE fabric vs PVC fabrics?
What is sulfur's state of aggregation in petroleum?
Why are d-orbitals required/used for hypervalent molecules (where the central atom has expanded its octet)
Prepare 1 liter of 28% NH3(aq) solution from 1 gal of %10 NH3(aq)
How does heat and/or boiling remove vitamin C?
Is atmospheric pressure acting only on the contents or also on the container?
How to calculate the vapor pressure of water?
Gibbs energy and Entropy
Why are PTFE and FEP named "ethylene" when they don't have double bonds?
Reaction between lead dioxide and nitric acid
Is there a name for the opposite reaction to the dissolution?
Is table salt sticking to my laptop?
I have 100 mg of a proteinase K lyophilized powder and I need to make it to a working concentration of 25 mg/mL
Why is O2 enough to form a mole of Oxygen?
Obtaining ammonium perchlorate via double displacement reaction
How dangerous are these soil organic carbon digestion methods?
Collection of gas over water
What is the effect of oxygen on soap foam?
Is it true that under certain conditions, Mg can reduce SiO2?
Although thermodynamically feasible, in practice, magnesium metal is not used for the reduction of alumina in the metallurgy of auminium. Why?
Would there be a difference if deuterium is embedded instead of protium (regular hydrogen) in acids?
How to determine number of alpha hydrogens in a cyclic compound?
Organic chemistry - alkanes step up reaction
Hydrogen cyanide - a Lewis acid?
Why does heptane have an odour
Sacrificial Anodes and Pit Corrosion
Is it still possible for an amateur, a hobbyist, or a science buff to make relevant discoveries in chemistry today?
Choosing a balance for home chemistry
What is the mechanism by which sugars glycate proteins?
The standard for drinking water is 1300 mg/l and the first area has a value of 837 µg
Required HLB on the Griffin Scale
Why don't we use an alkyl halide directly in Gabriel Phthalimide Synthesis?
How can the chlorophyll concentration of plants be measured?
Increasing the length of a carbon chain in an alkane
Bonds within complex anions
Prevent crystal growth by adding a chemical to a solution?
Good choice for heat-conductive coil submerged in sea water
Possible products from anion analyses
Hybridization - Mixing one atomic s orbital with 2p orbitals
X[Y|Z] formulas
How can I increase the signal intensity and precision?
Is it possible to calculate atomic radius with electron configuration?
Is toothpaste solid or liquid?
Iodometric titration of copper – standard electrode potentials
Any popular experiment in chemistry that digital signal processing played a crucial role in?
Principle of potentiometric titration
Can there be active THC be trapped in the evaporator?
What does it mean in a Ni(II)complex if the HNMR spectrum appears unbroadened and unshifted & what does this tell you about the coordination geometry?
Thermogravimetric Analysis of hydrated compounds
Why would there be differences in UV/Vis spectrum?
Organizing my "chemical" cabinet
Why does water change phase so easily?
How to activate charcoal
Why is it obligatory to cool down the container of a sample to measure its mass in a lab?
Why can't bicyclic structures undergo E2 elimination?
How is the Rate Law of a reaction measured?
How to interpret the instruction of the dilution of hydrogen peroxide?
Intrinsic Reaction Coordinate calculation-- both sides of TS lead to same minimum
Cohesive forces in solid solutions
Solvent interaction with thermal paper
Is there a pressure dependent function for freezing points of water and carbon dioxide?
Electron Pair Geometry in Ibuprofen (Electron Pair Geometry in Organic Compounds)
Is it possible to make metal fulminates?
Why does symmetry have to be maintained in molecular orbitals?
How many delocalised electrons in gold?
Dependence of steric hinderance on enol content
Dynamic equilibrium - effect of adding inert gas
Why can syn-periplanar E2 elimination happen in molecules like vinyl bromides but seemingly not in other molecules?
Synthesis of 1-iodo-4-nitrobenzene
Reversible thermodynamic machine
What is the difference between IPA and Ethanol in terms of solubility?
Alcohol spectrophotometry
Why does one bicyclic diastereomer react faster than the other one?
What does it mean if a functional group has "higher priority" in terms of IUPAC naming of organic compounds?
Are there different types of melamine resin?
Alcoholic proof and temperature
How does an atom get rid of electrons?
Vacuum good inside a box?
Order of molecular mass of solvent; given boiling point
How are pencil marks "adhered" to the paper?
alpha-hydrogen atom and keto-enol tautomerism
Why can't alcohols turn blue litmus red?
What kind of fire extinguisher for chemistry at home?
Why would 1kW power supplies fail around Nitric acid (HNO3) gas?
Why does water boil vegetables, but oil does not?
How to calculate the heat capacity of a calorimeter?
How to calculate the molecular weight for a volatile substance introduced into a Dumas bulb?
Gibbs Free Energy : What is it trying to say actually?
What causes the really bad smell of rotten potatoes?
Methanol skin exposure serious or not?
Electrode for methanol
UV curable adhesive
Elimination in α,β-dibromohydrocinnamic acid
Why are triamino compounds so rare?
Dissociation of different compounds?
Are all strong acids the same strength?
Could I get a hint on the structure of this molecule based on HNMR spectra?
Electronegativity and HCl and HF molecules
How paper-tag survive in the dry-cleaning process?
How does HF dissolve glass?
How is "F2/sig(F2)" the data quality in SXRD?
Should the liquid be included in Kc expression?
reference states for activities
Totally confused about the location of "s,p,d,f" Orbitals inside the atom
What is an example of a very low temperature endothermic reaction?
Do chemicals undergo granular convection?
Polyprotic bases and acids
The Verb for Polymorphism
What determines humidity limit / dew point of the air? - Why can air only hold a certain amount of water?
Slater determinant as an unperturbed atomic wave function
Is a triplet state or singlet state more stable?
Iodine ion vs caesium ion size
Analytical Chemistry predicting the order of elution of compounds in a reverse phase HPLC
Is tetraammine dichloro cobalt (III) an optically active compound?
Ion-selective electrodes
Is there a name for the intersection of the graphs of first and second order reactions?
What is actually a redox reaction?
Making three membered ring using different reactants
CO poisoning - What I've been taught is a hoax?
What makes E1 more favourable than SN1?
What is the total concentration (in mol dm−3) of ions in each of the following solutions, assuming complete dissociation
Constructing an equation for the precipitation of a salt
Why must the leaving group in E1cb be poor?
Finding specific activity of an enzyme from Km values for a reversible enzyme reaction
Radon gas in earthquake prediction - Why Rn?
Is a hydrogen bond considered to be a van der Waals force?
Relationship between surface area of electrode and reaction rate of hydrogen in fuel cells
Synthesis of 2-Phenyl-2-Butanol from Grignard Reagent
Is it possible to separate aluminum hydroxide?
How to find the alcohol content of a probiotic liquid?
How are nuclei stable?
Which Basis Set is suitable For Mercury-complex in DFT calculations?
Saytzev and Hofmann elimination in E1
Why does a container in which a match burning cause suction?
What does the prefix "dihydro" in the systematic name of luminol refer to?
What is the white substance left behind after boiling down water
Is Acrylamide carcinogenic? Why?
Find amount of acid and base required to make buffer
offset in measuring decomposition potentials
How are these compounds strong bases, when they are sparingly soluble in water?
Hydrogen bond comparison
Is Saliva an acid or base?
Can we do combustion caused by limited supply of air in a lab? How?
Hydrazine as a reduction agent
Why neutrons are neutral?
The sponge isn't foaming up, why?
Calculating the pressure of an ideal gas that undergoes isothermal expansion
Why is predicting products of chemical reactions difficult?
Temperature of an atom
Cathodic protection of tubes in Shell & Tube Heat Exchanger
Are there any good examples of commonly ingested molecules that contain particular toxic individual elements?
Dehydration of methylcyclobutanol
Why are ionic compounds bad conductors of electricity in solid state?
Titration of bases against HCl
What are the effects of adding water to a system at equilibrium?
How to calculate the concentration of all relevant species in a buffer of a given pH?
What happens to the NADH produced by lactate oxidation?
Are matrices a good way to do stoichiometry?
How to find the molar mass of an unknown metal carbonate through a gas evolution reaction?
Producing carbon nanotubes from graphite
Is probability of finding electron changing here?
Calculating boiling point of a solution
Does mercury fulminate really look like crystal methamphetamine?
What's the difference between perfect and ideal gas?
Does ethanol react with potassium to form potassium ethanolate and hydrogen gas?
What is Nano Zinc Oxide?
Why don't sponges foam up an hour later?
Is there anything akin to molecular chirality for crystalline?
Heat energy of phosphoric acid evaporation
Are there colorful metals besides gold and copper?
What is the geometric formula of CaI2 and AlCl3
Preparing CdSe electrodeposition bath
Magnetic stirrer with hot plate
Will isopropyl alcohol dissolve the coating/paint of a notebook?
Does increasing concentration of copper sulfate decrease or increase its conductivity?
What are the products of the reaction of 1-methoxycyclohexene with dilute hydrochloric acid?
Why and how does lycopene absorbance increase with heating?
Building an incomplete redox half reaction/reduction
How to choose a colorant for a given substrate?
How do I make a dysprosium chloride solution from dysprosium oxide?
How pigments actually function as colorants?
What tools can be used to estimate binding energies?
What is the relationship between the molecular weight of a polymer and that of polystyrene?
What material is an Inkjet transparent printing film (slide) made of?
What's wool made of?
Hydrogen can be stored?
What are the biochemical ramifications of ingesting of distilled water?
What is the Ka of OH- and Kb of H3O+?
Concentration uncertainty
Why does lithium move on the surface of water during the reaction?
What is the oxidation state of nitrogen in nitrate ion and what is its structure?
Nomenclature of inorganic compounds
Why do internal combustion engines only burn to carbon monoxide, not dioxide?
Strong and Weak Acids/Bases
proton NMR deshielding
What is the Rate of Reaction of Acetaldehyde Dehydrogenase from Saccharomyces Cerevisiae?
Would solar panels produce energy if uniform temperature in the universe?
How to cheaply extract iodine from an alcoholic solution?
NO linear vs bent - valence electron
Is it possible to form a divalent transition metal ion that has neither s- nor p-shell valence electrons?
What's the name of the problem of finding equilibrium concentrations?
Is the term "carboreduction" interchangeable with "carbothermic reduction"?
Why is pyridine used when making tosyl esters from alcohols?
How could click reaction take place at low concentration?
White of an egg
Resonance structure of cyclobutadiene?
Structures present in liquid water
Friedel-Crafts Alkylation and hybridization
Effect of a solute on the boiling point of the solution
How to make sense of the 'Relaxation Method' for measuring reaction kinetics?
Replacement For RF sputtering
Solubility of N-[(4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)methyl]acetamide at different pH
Why do some salt ions in solution conduct electricity better than others?
Acetylation reaction
What's the type of bonding in La@C60?
Determine the Value and Units of the Rate Constant
Why are potentials of cells with magnesium electrode always lower than expected?
What causes hydrogen abstraction in the radical chain mechanism of alkane halogenation?
Is there an example of an opaque solution which can be made transparent by adding another solute, such that no chemical reaction occurs?
What is the acid dissociation constant of cacodylic acid?
Can plastic leak into water from a HDPE "2" plastic container at room temperature?
Should the relatively low solubility of a base be considered in the calculation of the pH?
Which base is stronger methylamine or propylamine?
Why is aluminium carbide bent?
Formation of sulfur colloids
Does the probability of fluorescence increase when energy of incident X-rays match the electron's binding energy?
How quickly does ethanol evaporate?
Does the speed of an ion affect the current that can flow through a solution?
Second order reaction half life equation?
The Workings of Pulse-Height Discrimination
Predicting rate equations from data
The anode and cathode when corrosion happens
Why does ionization violate the stable or lowest energy rule in atoms?
What ratio of bicarb to vinegar do I need in order for the result to be pH neutral?
Reaction mechanisms for organohalides from alcohols
How to purify water with activated carbon?
On the molecular level, how do catalysts work?
Why is beryllium transparent to x-rays?
food chemistry maltodextrin vs organic maltodextrin
How to rationalise the difference in halogen bonding?
Is there a field of chemistry that doesn't do experiments?
Does the "Bat Gen" claim to produce more energy than it uses?
Reaction Kinetics and Stoichiometry -- Mass conservation
Can magnetic fields affect a chemical reaction?
Why is there a need for resonance?
Why reduced atoms are more energetic?
Why is the inductive effect of σ-electrons only along saturated carbon chains?
Formula of entropy change
Are geminal disubstituted alkenes more stable than their cis/trans isomers?
Effect of inductive effect on boiling point,melting point and dipole movement
How do I extract cyanide from apple seeds?
Concentration of hydrochloric acid for electrolysis?
Friedel-Crafts synthesis - How is HCl produced?
How to partially hydrolyze triglycerides?
Gibbs free energy or reaction enthalphy
Removing trace amounts of water from agricultural grade anhydrous ammonia
Why are sp hybridized carbocations high energy?
Which solvent is good for using SU-8 particle in Optical tweezers?
P-phenylenediamine Production Process
Why do certain groups withdraw/ donate electron to double bond or conjugated system in resonance effect?
the particle in 1-D box momentum and total energy(P.E + K.E (x))
Writing atoms of functional group backwards
In ionic solids such as NaCl, do the cations fill interstital holes in the cation's cubic close pack structure?
The relationship between energy and air pressure?
Equilibrium Concentrations of Products/Reactants
How does hyperconjugation lead to the directing properties of alkyl group?
Standard curve of absorption and concentration
Actinides and Lanthanides group
Chirality on Propranolol
Is Pauling electronegativity well-defined?
Spin spin coupling in a proton NMR of an ester?
What is the maximum extent of a hydride shift to form the most stable carbocation?
Periodic table for printing
Why does the opening of an epoxide occur via an Sn2 like mechanism when using a methanoate ion as a nucleophile and methanol as a solvent?
How do I know which atoms react during hydrolysis?
Why 6.023x10^23 is not written as 6023x10^20?
Does hyperconjugation and induction always have the same effect?
Why isn't hybridization done in America?
What are solvolytic displacement reactions?
Adding lemon to lentils changes color from black to pink, why?
Non-Newtonian substance - Tahini
Liquid to solid when exposed to air
How are atoms manipulated?
Does NaOH react with K to form NaOK or KOH?
Where to find pre-optimized files for Quantum Chemistry Softwares?
Best ways to start a thermite reaction?
Why is the pure tungsten (W) melting point higher than that of its oxides (either WO3 or WO2)?
Is it possible to extract magnesium from epsom salt
Limiting Reagent Stoichiometry
How to remove epoxy on clothes?
MO diagram of N2(2-)
What material is synthesized in the rubber egg demo?
Does adsorption violate thermodynamics?
Why does stannous chloride occur despite the octet rule?
Why is NH2 negatively charged?
Why is electronegativity increasing with oxidation state increase?
Mass of "orange" in 25% orange juice
Redox reaction with tin and sulfuric acid solution
How to calculate bond enthalpies from first principles?
Is there a clear distinction between the various intra- and intermolecular interactions?
Why is FORTRAN so commonly used in computational chemistry?
Reason behind Opaque translucent transparent
How to know when electrons will be added onto Lewis Structure from surrounding atoms to become ion?
Solubility of gold salt solution?
How does the production of pure, crystalline silicon via the Czochralsky or Siemens process?
Is it possible to identify the source of a protein hydrolysate
How do I excel in Chemistry?
How to rationalise the protonation state of amino acids
Memorizing the periodic table
Aqua regia and nascent chlorine
Why and when is lysine charged
Ion concentration in acid and base
How to make 0.3% ammonia water from 28-30% ammonia hydroxide
Comparing the strength of metallic bonds
What type of organic compounds are used in OLED technology?
Comparing the nature of ionic compounds
Would C bond with H or D?
Finding ppm getting too big of numbers
Why is water considered ionic in fuel cells but otherwise covalent?
LiAlH4 / H2O reaction energy
Why is oxygenated water not H2O2?
Why does potassium form peroxides but sodium does not?
How can I draw 2,3-diethylheptane?
Doubts about IUPAC nomenclature of 4-ethyl-1-fluoro-2-nitrobenzene
Why Ca 2+ and not Ca +2
Single line equilibria notation
Is it possible to chemically treat grass to make it digestible?
How strong is 2,4,6-trinitrobenzenesulfonic acid?
Can alloys or ceramics have higher density than elemental solids?
How exactly are molecules detected in space?
Why DNA is negatively charged and what makes it so?
What safety measures should I take when operating a backyard aluminum furnace
What is a triglyceride?
Calculating the ionization energy for hydrogen
Carbon and dilute sulfuric acid
How to produce black smoke using chemical reaction
How can I Create an explosive with everyday used chemicals?
How do I synthesize 3-hydroxydihydrofuran-2-one from formaldehyde?
Can an emulsion be emulsified?
What are some popular science books in chemistry?
How pure NaCl is typical table salt? How is it purified?
Can you find the mass of solvent with mass of solute, volume of solution, and solution density?
Are there economical ways of synthesizing nanotubes?
What is a barrier-less reaction in Quantum Chemistry?
Thionyl Chloride and enols, carboxylic acids, alcohols
Why does (atmospheric) pressure have an effect on solubility?
Are Na and Cl ions from NaCl in water separate charged particles?
Calibration Curve Error Propagation
Rate of Reaction Graph - Gas Produced
What is the dipole moment direction of an aliphatic amine, i.e., R-NH2?
What is the direction of charge transfer between Aluminum and aliphatic amines physisorbed on top?
Are all solutions of weak acid/bases buffers?
Hardy Schulze law
What are examples of group 14 elements forming dπ - pπ bonding?
Equivalent points for 3 fold and 6 fold symmetry
Oxide surfaces develop a charge in H2O. Do we have any, even vague, handle on how long does an indivdual charge last on avg. before being neutralised?
n-factor for ammonium nitrite?
Hydrolysing large molecules to reveal amino acids
Which orbitals of the hydrogen atom are degenerate for n=3?
Why does the potential difference of a current drop, when silver nitrate is added to deionised water?
Gas-Phase Functionalization of Carbon Nanotubes
Why do copper (II) complexes contain so many valence electrons?
On the stability of deuterium
How many stereogenic centres are there in discodermolide?
What is hard and soft water and how does the process of dissolution work?
How does zinc become oxidized when it's not in direct contact with copper ions in a galvanic cell?
Mimic a volcano eruption with household chemicals?
MO scheme for coordination complexes (tetrahedral) - Heteroligand vs. homoligand
Why is the second reaction being neglected?
Reaction between elements in a periodic table
Do molecules with axial chirality have "stereogenic units"?
Which chemical reactions occur between my tongue and the food I eat?
Why did they provide the value for the enthalpy change of fusion?
CaCl2 + H2O change in specific gravity of products - Why?
How to calculate a rough estimate for the volume of a nitric oxide molecule?
What is the S2− in 0.10 M hydrogen sulfide?
What's the pH of vinegar containg 5% acetic acid?
Is there a difference between Joule coefficient and Joule-Thomson coefficient?
Helium gas expand isobaric isothermal
Why don't ions have one equilibrium potential? (Nernst equation)
Can artificial sea water be prepared by mixing sea salt with water?
Oxidation state of the sulfur atoms in the thiosulfate Ion
What is 'Retention period' in chromatography and what is its importance?
Why does Phosphorus trifluoride molecule have dipole moment?
Lifetime measurement: double peak in instrument response function
Determine most electronegative element based on successive ionization energy data
How to know it when I see a covalent network?
Clarifications about acid-base theory
How to get a "rechargable" chemical reaction for a glow stick
How does an ice bath change the rate of an reaction?
Dialkylation reactions
Why is it that weak bases usually contain nitrogen?
What is buffer capacity and how can a buffer "run out"?
Why are enantiomeric excess % and specific rotation considered?
Thermodynamic properties software
Can we force a reversible reaction in equilibrium to achieve 100% completion?
Spontaneity of reversible chemical reactions - Both sides?
Why does Ammonium sulfate cause proteins to precipitate?
Rate constant and Michaelis Menten
Wavelength of iPhone 4S camera light for visible spectroscopy calibration
Entropy - Negligible?
Why is Ag+ a soft acid?
pH Curves for Titrations
Chemical potential of mixtures
What is the density of compressed natural gas (CNG) used in vehicles?
Chemical bonding and hybridization of organic compounds
What kind of interacion is there between a nanoparticle and its functionalizing coating?
In a monomolecular reaction, how can a reactant experience collision to react?
"Editing" atom nucleus
Is it possible to derive integrated rate law algebraically?
Grignard formation and vicinal dihalides
How does VSEPR theory explain the formation of different bond angles in PCl₅?
Clarification for metallic bond
Does chemistry need machine learning?
Splitting across a double bond in ¹H NMR
Why is chloridric acid used in salt bridges?
Chromatography in geology
Interpreting X-ray diffraction data
Dissolving/denaturing bitterant residue
Why is acetone and diethyl ether miscible, but not water and diethyl ether?
Fenton's reagent application to leachate
About purifying ethanol - What type of ethanol?
Atomic mass ratios - Is the problem providing enough info?
Why does 1 cubic meter = 1000000 cubic centimeters?
Why do molecules have to have a change in dipole moment in order for them to be IR active?
Why does decreasing the pressure of the system increase the relative volatility of a binary solution?
A good book for learning paper and thin-layer chromatography
Open data in chemistry?
How to convert sodium aluminate back to sodium hydroxide?
Is there a relationship between bond strength and polarity?
Methylene blue used as funguscide in cichlid reproduction - concentration measurement?
How do I utilize Henry's Law Constant?
What property of zinc chromate makes it a good anticorrosion paint
What Can Dissolve Polypyrrole?
How to quantify amount of pigments in plant leaves?
Double anode in simple cell
What is the smell of a glass of water in contact with fresh air?
Kinetics vs Thermodynamics
Reduction of amides
Maltose Nomenclature
Is ozone an electrophile in the ozonolysis reaction?
pKa differences and reactivity
How to buy 1g of enzyme that is sold in units/mg?
Why doesn't the atomic number change by two in the process of production of Americium?
Calculating moles of Hydrogen gas in multiple gas container
Iodate ion and Octet rule
Does symmetry lower the energy of molecules?
How has iodine gained electrons?
Green Potassium Manganate and Sodium Hydroxide Equation
What is the geometrical structure of OF₂?
What are the products of the reaction between fluorine and ammonia?
Build the geometric structure of SnBr2
If Alkynes can be reduced to Alkenes using Sodium in liquid ammonia, why can't Alkenes be reduced to Alkanes?
Structure of Metallic Hydrogen
Color changes of a solution of acetone and sodium hydroxide
How to RAISE the melting point of water?
What is the Lewis Structure for CO?
What is the Lewis structure for HClO?
How do we know whether we will get a mono substituted or tri-substituted product during electrophilic aromatic substitution?
How do I calculate the pressure of a known liquid in a sealed container heated above boiling point?
How can n = c/v?
Carbonate + acid reactions - How to recognize these type of reactions?
Biochem Book age and suggestions
Does fluorescein decompose from long term exposure to light?
Interaction between soy milk and coffee producing bubbles
Can a negative pH exist?
Can powdered beta-tin be made from raising the temperature of alpha-tin?
Does a change in partial pressure for a gas-solid reaction, changes the equilibrium?
Is it possible for this Iron-Carbon Compound to exist?
Why does Mg2+ have the ionic radii bigger than Ca2+
How accurate is this polar mechanism for the Diels-Alder reaction?
Can we use peaks in any chromatogram to identify a compound
Why is only bromine used in the degradation reaction?
Does the boiling boint of miscible liquids follow a linear relationship?
Why does brown sugar have a strong smell but white sugar doesn't?
Chemiluminescence - Determining Temperature from Luminol Imaging
Why is SN2 favored greatly over SN2' in this reaction?
Preparation of oxalic acid from acetylene
Why is zinc more reactive than copper?
Using stoichiometry to split a complex mineral
What are disadvantages of having an impurity?
Cannizaro Reaction, Hydride Shift Reason?
Calculating vinegar strength
Solve this mole fraction calculation with incomplete information
What does Pb(NO₃)₂ + KI form?
Can Liquid CO₂ dissolve plastic
Why do no known atoms have electrons in the g or h subshells?
Calculating the concentration of acetic acid in vinegar from pH
Finding the frequency factor when raising temperature
How to take water-dispersed PEDOT:PSS and disperse it in an organic solvent?
What is the ionic equation for reaction of potassium permanganate with potassium iodide?
How can the iron in the reaction of iron (ii) chloride and zinc not go to zero oxidation state?
Orientation of halogenation
Why don't water molecules react alongside aqueous reactions?
How is the rate of a reaction defined?
What does delta letter mean in some ceramics chemical material formula?
How does one measure the change in enthalpy of hydration?
Can a reaction with positive Gibbs free energy change ever occur?
How can 30 ml of water be heated in less than 10 seconds?
Solubility of Noble Gases
Pseudo 1st order Kinetic reaction
In which all substituents does Inductive effect overpower Mesomeric effect?
Acid chlorides and reduction by hydrogenation
Why does the definition of ionisation energy only include gaseous atoms?
Does the compound KFO₃ exist?
Is water a better nucleophile than bromide?
Which is the least stable trihalide of nitrogen?
Crystal Lattice Defects
pKa vs range in choice of an indicator
An electric potential is generated when a liquid moves with respect to a solid (streaming potential). Is the reverse true?
What is the meaning of "no Hessian Eigenvalue "?
Creation and Combustion of Nitrocellulose
How is streaming potential measured?
Confused on normallity
Is there any abbreviation for hydrates?
Why does the electron configuration for some elements not follow the diagonal rule?
Hydrogen fuel cell - why do the H+ ions move through the electrolyte
Can I make a buffer from two different weak acids or bases?
Why are oxime geometrical isomers stable?
Intramolecular hydrazide condensation
The meaning of different parts in the naming of glucose
How can Nernst equation apply in this redox reaction?
What is the temperature of heat generated from LPG gas?
Are there any magnetic particles that are safe to inhale?
How can the electronic structure of pentaaquanitrosyliron be explained?
In molecular orbital theory, why does s-p mixing in the dinitrogen molecule not effect the 1σᵤ orbital?
Is it possible to combust a plasma?
Pressure over a solution
Alkali metal enolates
kinetic and thermodynamic parameters of biodiesel production from lard
Addition reaction of hydroiodic acid to 2-bromo-3-chloro-2-butene
Determination of a chemical compound in a non-homogeneous sample
Are there ways to fully dissociate a complex salt?
How do I synthesize 3-phenyloxirane-2-carbaldehyde from chloroacetonitrile?
No chlorate esters? Why?
Gibbs Free Energy
Salts that are more hydrophilic than NaCl
How are pressure vessels heated?
How can pKas differ across similar protons of the same atom?
Calcination in metallurgical process?
Which pH indicator will give a dramatic color change with small changes in the amount of carbon dioxide dissolved in water?
Why do people assume 28 oxygens in chlorite mineral formula?
Weighted Drilling Fluid Comparison with CaCl₂
HOMO/LUMO and charge distribution
How to represent a 3D model of cocaine?
How to calculate to actual calcium content in a pudding mix
How can I calculate molality from molarity?
Why is the volume in this compress gas cylinder constant throughout?
Aromatic ring substitution: how are MNT and DNT further nitrated if nitro groups deactivate benzene rings?
Solid and Liquid Equilibrium
Is the subtrahend in the Nernst equation related to ohmic drop?
Why does temperature affect cell potential?
Ozonolysis of nitronate
Reaction balance
Two liquids that react to produce a gas less dense than air at room temperature
Entropy change of system in adiabatic irreversible process
Which has higher priority (Cahn-Ingold-Prelog)?
How can enthalpy change of a system be negative while entropy change is positive?
How to calculate the oxidation state and the number of equivalents oxidized with YBa₂Cu₃O₇
Can all water soluble ionic compounds conduct electricity?
do candles burn wood varnish fumes?
Which is more basic: aniline or pyridine?
Why do NMR coupling constants change with temperature?
Which method can be applied to separate ferrofluid liquid from oil?
Is s-p mixing referring to hybridization or is it the mixing of one atoms s orbital with the other's p orbital?
How to find the relative abundances of isotopes of an unknown element?
How to use salt spray data in real environments?
Storing large quantities of KOH
Diels-Alder rate of reaction
How do things heat one another?
Basicity of Group 15 hydrides
Permanent Balloon?
Post-Hartree Fock Methods
How to get a solution
Calculating charge of amino acids (am I doing it right?)
Oxidation of acetophenone to benzoic acid
Where did all the elements come from?
What is the partial molar volume of epsomite (magnesium sulfate heptahydrate)?
Whose concentration is more 1 molar or 1 molal?
Can water electrolysis detect the water impurities?
What is the actual reason behind PCl₅ existing as an ionic solid?
Thermochromic pigment that changes at around 50 °C / 120 °F?
How to Run GAMESS and Avogadro on Command Line?
How does NMO reform Osmium tetroxide after reaction with an alkene?
How fast do electrons move around the nucleus?
What allows all 3 states of H₂O to be present at the same time?
Eco Friendly Cleaning Solution
Are all strong bases alkalis?
Except pure alloys, are there any compounds with more metal elements proportion of atoms than nonmetal elements in proportion of atoms?
Is delta H a state function?
Why is enthalpy of atomization of Mn exceptionally low?
How do I know that an acid and conjugate base are present in equimolar amounts?
How do transmembrane protein alpha helixes bind to the membrane?
Safe yet strong exothermic reaction?
How can inconsistencies in these sodium chloride solutions be explained?
How to calculate the theoretical yield of a Diels-Alder reaction?
Order of electrophilic substitution
What stopper will stop HCl fumes?
Boiling aluminum in high-alkalinity water
Comparing the stabilities of allylic, benzylic, and tertiary radicals
Mechanism of Grignard addition to carbonyls
Which is more stable — a carbanion on a vinylic position or a carbanion on a benzylic position?
Separation of metal particles from fluid in ferrofluid
Deriving The Triple Point Temperature and Pressure as the following expression
What is the chemical composition of the grignard reagent?
What is the chemical composition of biofuels?
How do I determine if a process is reversible without numeric information?
Can someone induce cancer in another person
Does resonance overrule hyper conjugation in terms of stability in alkenes?
How to Determine the Rate Law knowing time and concentrations
Is the atom the smallest particle, which takes part in chemical reactions?
Which factor should I take into priority to determine reactivity of of Halides?
compression set of tin catalyzed silicone better than platinum?
Which is more stable ? - A carbanion on benzene ring or a carbanion on a vinylic carbon on an aliphatic chain?
Does hydrogen really have seven isotopes?
Salt analysis: Position of lead ion
4-Bromo, 2,4-di-methylhexane and 3-Bromo, 3,5-di-methylhexane are the same thing?
Why do the two methylene protons in ethylbenzene have a chemical shift at 2-2.9?
Molecular Assembly Program
is the adsorption of resveratrol within wine or grapes linked with the time it was kept in your mouth?
Determine if the following change is an oxidation, a reduction, or neither
What is the difference between K and Kp in the equilibrium equation?
How do you calculate a unit cell's dimensions from an XRD spectra?
How to calculate the concentration of NO at equilibrium?
How can iron(III) sulfate be formed?
How to understand the concept of moles?
How to I identify the diene and dienophile through retrosynthesis of a given compound?
Volatile nature due to hydrogen bonding
Amplitudes and phases of transform of an image
Why is the specific heat of water high?
Pre heat coal before burning
Equivalence ratio explained
Electron Configuration of an element with no. of electrons > 18
Why is a hydroxyl group more activating than a methoxy group in electrophilic aromatic substitution?
Why did the solution turn green?
Applying Raoult's Law to a condensed gas mixture
Could PNP (Silicon) transistor be toxic when exposed to air\light?
Concentration Inquiry
Aluminum deoxidation gas
How to calculate pH of a solution with two dominant equilibria?
Finding Kp at another temp with /\Hrxn
What is the molecular geometry of NHF₂?
How to report pH values?
Identify "decoupling sites" in glucose oxydase reaction
Equation for salt formation for ammonium oxalate?
What is the meaning of the "dot" notation in chemical formulas?
Will trenbolone acetate in the presence of methanol yield trenbolone acetate if distilled water is subsequently added thereafter?
Molar mass of a mixture of two solids
Why are water droplets shaped like that?
What is "mer", the first ingredient in a type nail polish?
HOMO and LUMOs of Carbon based Compounds
Why isn't this a compound?
Conversion of standard InChI to InChI with fixed-hydrogen-layer
Converting mm Hg to mm H2O
Finding equilibrium concentrations, trouble simplifying equation
Effect of tear gas and laughing gas together
calculate the final concentration of this equation
What is the meaning of parentheses in a condensed molecular formula?
Ideal gasses reaction under const temp and pressure
Should double or triple bonds have preference for low locants in IUPAC nomenclature?
Which is more: dissociated ions in water or undissociated?
How to apply the Henderson–Hasselbalch equation when adding KOH to an acidic acid buffer?
Regioselectivity in electrophilic substitution of pyrrole
When does a solute form ions?
Why is snow white?
Why is ionic strength (mu) calculated differently for these 2 examples?
condensation of tellurium on inside of ampoule?
Washing a solvent?
Signs of Exchange and Correlation Potentials
C-H bond energy in substituted methanes
What will be the major product on chlorination of m-nitrophenol?
Pathway from Sucrose to Cholesterol
Microorganism preventative solution safe for using on a roof and will last in the sun
Why is ethyne and not ethene used for welding?
Amine addition to nitro group
Can I react a Grignard reagent (ethylmagnesium bromide) with water and then ammonia?
Conductivity as a function of acid concentration
Does the added component (intended to disturb equilibrium) always ends up being more than the original amount, in the new equilibrium?
Will all thermodynamic equations have a linear dependence with moles?
Is carbohydrate alcohol inebriant?
Salicylic acid - polarity and solubility
Purifying washing soda
How to rationalise the difference in the melting points of acids and alcohols with inter molecular forces?
Safety in handling of concentrated ammonium fluoride
Finding molarities of individual reagents given the chemical equation and total concentration in a container
Conc. vs Time Graph for Second Order Reaction
Is the dissolution of sodium acetate trihydate endothermic?
Ksp of calcium hydroxide
How to determine enzyme inhibitor efficacy?
Nuclear Testing and Carbon Dating
On biological detergent breaking down organic material
How to predict the 31P NMR spectra?
Why would this reaction occur? Won't it be unfavourable?
Calculating concentration and volume in acid metal reactions
Why does the "gap" between atomic radii get smaller down the periodic table?
What's the relation between the octet rule and quantum exclusion and how is it related to oxidation state?
Possible to grow optical calcite?
How can you predict relative Rf values of cis-trans isomers in thin layer chromatography?
Why is Cr²⁺ is a good reducing agent but Mn³⁺ is a good oxidising agent?
Bipyridyl complex isomers
Replacement for optical calcite (Glan Thompson prism)?
How actually do we decide acidity and basicity order?
Why conductivity of electrolyte decreases on dilution, but molar conductivity increases?
Which gas makes Orange juice bottles swell?
Why not to consider hydrogen and oxygen moles to determine an empirical formula
Electrolysis in aqueous solution – which equations to use to predict product at each electrode?
What is the meaning of "superionic"?
Which is More Stable with Boranes: Amines or Phosphines?
Density Functional Theory with Generalized Gradient Approxmations (GGA) - What Happens if the Electron Density Shows a "Kink" at the Ion Position?
Boiling and melting point of trans- and cis-but-2-ene
Do multielectron atoms have nodes?
Balancing REDOX reactions in a basic solution, when no H+ ions are present
Balancing a REDOX reaction using the oxidation number method, in acidic solution
Why do we add copper when testing a salt for nitrate ion?
Etching a Screen Protector Film
How to calculate the volume of a sodium hydroxide solution necessary to add to water, to raise the pH to a certain value?
How to remove a stuck stopper from a flask?
Is sodium hypochlorite solution an ionic solution - does it conduct current?
What is the reaction equation for a mixture of trichloroethanoic acid and dimethylpropanoic acid?
Kinetics: Order of Reaction
Dilution terminology
What are the triple point pressure and temperature for pure cyclohexane?
Does Uranium ore count as a mixture?
Does the catalyst alter the Potential energy Surface?
Acid-base related chemistry
Real gas expansion
Trying to figure out what these elements have in common
At what scenario will a LCD monitor that used mercury inside their lamp be harmful
Carbonic acid-hydrogencarbonate buffer system pH calculation?
Why do aqueous solutions of sodium chloride and silver nitrate swap ions?
Hydrogenation at atmospheric pressure in amateur environment
Higher energy π HOMO
Why are enthalpies of reaction or Gibbs FE change given in kJ/mol
Molar absorption coefficient - why are the molar absorptivities defined to be the same?
Calculate the weight percent of limestone in a rock sample
Is this cotton or viscose?
Why do the pennies in the pre/post 1982 penny experiment sometimes dissolve completely?
Purity of precipitate in selective precipitation
Calculation of Solute Mole Fraction
When does 'H' Shows +I/-I effect and why does T,D show better +I effect?
How to determine methane percentage at home?
Carbon monoxide detector reaction
What is the major product on chlorination of 2-methylbutane?
Chalky residue from melted ice cubes
Correlation between the equilibrium constant and delta G
Attack of amine on amide
Why, during aspirin synthesis in acidic conditions, anydride carbonyl oxygen is protonated rather than salicylic acid carbonyl oxygen ?
Is most of the weight you lose actually released as carbon dioxide when you exhale?
Test for chlorine and chloramine in city water supply
Sulfur Doped Titanium Dioxide
Impossible pH For Aqueous Weak Acid Solution
Does an acetal give a positive Tollens test?
Enantioselective organic reaction not working
How to cancel once-mentioned element in thermochemical reactions
How does "breathable" siloxane water sealant work?
Why does phosphorus tribromide act as a Lewis acid (electron acceptor)?
Is the following paragraph about steam distillation accurate?
Calculating the Molarity of an Ion?
Can we make Gold in a Lab?
How can you manage SCF convergence problems?
What is sprayed on chromatography paper when developing?
Am I right in giving the following reason for some questions relating to the p-block?
Fentons Reagent tips: H₂O₂ + FeSO₄
How to predict the colour of a pH indicator using Le Chatelier's principle
Relationship between thermodynamic reversibility and reactions
1H NMR Broad peaks
Concentration of expanding gases
Lowest freezing point room temperature liquid?
Zeolite formation
Mixing Different Solutions with Different Wavelengths to Get Different Colors?
What easy to conduct (at home) reactions could yield solid carbon?
Separating metals out of a magnet
The feasibility of the electrochemical cell.
How to calculate a temperature change when the released heat of a process ist only partly absorbed by the medium?
Nomenclature of methyl groups in an alkanol
Ashes to diamonds --- How?
Product of reaction between aluminium chloride and trimethylamine
the molecular formula of an unknown hydrocarbon
Which causes of quenching increase specifically in electrochemical experiments?
How can decreasing in temperature indicate an endothermic reaction?
Anode and Cathode
Synthesis of a bicyclo[2.2.2]octane from benzoic acid
how to separate gamma-butyrolactone from N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone
Show that there can be 18 electrons in a "g" subshell
Why is the vertical part of a titration curve longer for a strong acid by a strong base than for a weak?
Why does boron fume in moist air? Is the following accurate?
What are the signs for work done by (on?) a gas during isothermal reversible compression?
Combustion in liquid state
Strain Energy in di-axial vs di-equatorial
What is the priority of a phenyl group in a compound such as this?
Carbocation stability order
dependence of Intensity on penetration of light
IUPAC Nomenclature of Benzene+Aliphatic chain
Trying to figure out heat of reaction
IUPAC nomenclature: "Smallest sum of locants"?
When do lone pairs on nitrogen contribute to aromaticity?
Identifying rearrangement reaction?
Applying Avagadro's law: the relationship between moles and volume of a gas
How to identify the repeating unit in a polymer?
Convert kinetic rate constant into a rate?
Which of sodium or lithium will be more reactive with oxygen?
Estimating the protein concentration of an unpure protein solution
Including H⁺ from the dissociation of the acid in a titration pH calculation?
Given the Pair Correlation Functions for a Multi-component Fluid, is There a Simple way to Obtain the Helmholtz Free Energy?
Reverse electro-plating byproducts
How do I decide the parent chain of an organic compound that has a ring as well as a side chain while naming the compound?
Testing isopropyl alcohol purity
Consistent atom names PDB
Reactivity of thioesters with respect to nucleophilic attack
Molarity vs Normality in labeling sulfuric acid
Why does magnesium have the lowest melting point of all earth alkalis?
Is there something which will block liquids but is dissolved by blood?
What happens if I have an acid/base equillibrium and remove hydronium ions until there is 50/50 of acid and conjugate base?
¹H-MRS Detection of Dopamine
How much gas is inside a pressurised gas cylinder?
Would it be possible to create a (non-toxic) alcoholic drink that, when zapped with laser, changes color?
Is 2-bromobutane chiral?
How to determine the sign of the enthalpy of formation?
Why is the work done by a gas during free expansion zero and not infinity?
How to calculate the enthalpy change for the formation of ethylene epoxide from ethylene?
How much water evaporates in a vacuum before freezing?
What chemical elements does a nuclear explosion release into its mushroom cloud?
How to run crystal simulation on GAMESS?
Why aryl halides are very less reactive towards nucleophilic substitution reactions?
What is the reasoning behind the resonating structure of halo-benzene?
What is the most accepted explanation of aurophilicity?
when do we consider the moles in bomb calorimeter?
Why is hydrogen gas so highly reactive?
when do we consider the samples in a calorimeter as a solution in calculation?
What is the IUPAC nomenclature for Intermetallic Compounds?
How do you figure out the dissociation energy for ions?
How many critical points? Why?
What are the best chemical liquids to clean metallic surfaces?
Why does basic peroxide react via conjugate addition rather than through direct addition?
Stern-Volmer plot and calculation of rate constant for quenching
How to calculate the solubility of AgCl in a MgSO₄ solution?
Why does Fe(CO)₄ adopt a tetrahedral, as opposed to square planar, geometry?
Could I settile for galvanized steel over stainless for salt corrosion resistance?
How to rationalise the IUPAC name for tetrahedrane?
Effect of temperature on cooking
Why do carbon dioxide and sodium hydroxide not form sodium oxide and carbonic acid?
How to calculate concentration of hydrogel nanoparticles
What happens if you make a gas of magnetic particles
Is reduction potential equivalent to the ease of discharge?
Determining [CO2] of a sample in ppm
the chemical mechanism for deviations from Raoult's law
What gas is released during dissolving NaOH
Is there an experiment that visibly shows the effects of metastability?
In which country is it allowed to practice non-clandestine amateur chemistry?
How much does the quality of glassware matter, really?
Fluorescein synthesis
Possible Synthesis of MVK from 2-Butanone?
In what ways (other than color) does black Aluminum Oxide differ from white?
Is there a general / simple formula for Slater's rules?
Is there a list of known rate laws for reactions?
How exactly do alcohol molecules dissolve in seawater?
What is the reasoning behind the increasing pKa for organic compounds?
How to rationalise the trend in the covalent radii of the transition metals?
why colour of CuSO4 and CuCl3 is different?
how to calculate the gas volume per purge when I change the cylinder?
when do we indicate the "+ or -" sign in uncertainty
Diluting down solutions method
How it is possible to make Aqua Regia in the lab?
Saltpetre in the Garage
Effect of effective nuclear charge increase on the stabilization of 2s and 2p orbitals
Do epoxide rings react with bases?
What is an orbital boundary surface?
Why water vapors exerts pressure rather than diffusing in air before reaching the boiling point of water?
Formation of peracetic acid from acetic acid and hydrogen peroxide and its stability in their presence
How to store distilled water without introducing impurities?
Is it possible to make a drug that liquefies heart plaque to treat heart disease?
Why is Ma*Va=Mb*Vb still valid for weak acids/bases?
DFT Functional Selection Criteria
What does this property of transition metals mean?
sp² hybridized orbital
Amount of Energy Needed for Boiling a Litre of Water
What is the hybridization of oxygen in furan?
Thermochemistry: forms of energy & pressure
Pt[BrCl(PR₃)₂] cis, trans isomer nmr - Which is cis and which is trans?
Non-halogen intermediate between alkane and alcohol under basic conditions?
Hemoglobin equilibrium - effect of increased carbon dioxide and lactic acid
Solubility determination of Ca(OH)₂ in water
Please explain the following graph for a quantum mechanical harmonic oscillator
Ionize Hydrogen and Oxygen Gas in Electrolytic Cell?
How does a catalyst affect the rate equation?
Calculating Vapor Pressure from Delta G/ Kp
Why is 2-methylpropene less in energy than its alkene counterparts?
How to find molecular charge of fragments using quantum calculations?
Why is nitric acid a stronger oxidising agent than sulfuric acid?
Does nitric acid release hydrogen only when reacting with Mg and Mn?
Resonance structures of some aromatic compounds
Why is p-methoxyphenol more acidic than p-methylphenol?
How were the absolute masses of atoms calculated before the mass spectrometers?
Cannizarro reaction of chloral
What does the peak separation of carbon dioxide IR rotational-vibrational spectrum corresponds to and why?
Reaction of hydrogen peroxide and catalase
Why do E2 reactions (dehydrohalogenation) only occur when the hydrogen and leaving group are in the same plane?
What forces hold ink on paper?
How does epoxy stick to stuff?
Finding new pH after NaOH added to buffer solution
Can neutralization be reversed?
What is the significance of an organic compound's M peak?
Why would the 2+ molecular ion of butane have a mass spectrum peak at 29?
Why does hot steam produce MgO instead of Mg(OH)2?
Thermometer fluid is separated, defective?
Radial Distribution Function for a Hard Sphere Gas in the Percus-Yevick Approximation - Is There a Quick Way to Evaluate it Numerically?
Determining the Average Bond Enthalpy for the C-F bond
Can metals have a net negative charge
How adding one more electron increases the ionization energy?
Slow acidification process
Calculate species concentration from first-order kinetic reactions
Why does the second electron affinity has an opposite sign of the first one?
Where to find data for gibbs energy, enthalpy, and entropy digitally
Ratio of copper(II) ions to EDTA?
Green and red crystals of [Ni(Ph2EtP)2Br2]
Why should a complexometric titration be kept neutral?
Mechanism of styrene dimerization
What is the mechanism of chlorosulfonation of benzene?
How to calculate the enthalpy of formation of hydrazine from tabulated values?
How do I go about balancing these equations?
Why are the masses of atoms less than the sum of their subatomic particles?
Finding out the concentration of oxygen in water
Reverse Friedel-Crafts mechanism
Looking for a compound
Why is the decarboxylation of 2-hydroxybenzoic acid (and related compounds) done 'under nitrogen'?
How do you identify reducing / non-reducing sugar by looking at structure?
Why are 720 nm LEDs so uncommon?
Why does the OAc group leave in the first step of Oxymercuration?
Why do we sometimes write reactants above the reaction arrow?
Can paper burn without oxygen or air?
Sequential Kinetics
Formation of O₂, Water, and Electricity from Hydroxide?
What are the minimum required given sets of information to complete an ICE chart for an equilibrium reaction?
Can we really beat the speed of light?
Why the magnitude of dipole moment influences on FTIR % transmittance?
Spin coat of Graphene oxide on glass slides
Acidity In Organic Compounds
How is it that fructose has a different metabolic pathway than glucose but yet glucose is converted to fructose?
Is this a possible explanation as to why sigma bonds are stronger than pi bonds?
What is the chemistry behind the reaction of KNO₃, K₂CO₃ and Sulfur?
Does tetramine copper dissolve cellulose?
3rd analytical group of cations
Lambert Beer's law deviations
Why is it that reactions that cause an increase of temperature are exothermic?
what are possible isomers of (meso-stilbenediamine)(isobutylenediamine) palladium (II)?
How to prevent Tin ions from precipitating as Tin(II,IV) Hydroxides
Solubility of calcium hydroxide determined by titration
Chemistry of Stripper Poles: How much weight can different materials support?
Need of hyperconjugation?
Why member ring is favoured in chelates?
Are all naturally occuring reactions exothermic?
Partial pressure and chemical equilibirum
What would follow in the series sigma, pi and delta bonds?
Percentage ionic character when electronegativity is given
How can ionic substances have an infinitely-repeating lattice structure?
abbreviations in electronic configurations
Are there any STP liquids not containing large amounts of hydrogen and oxygen that are safe for human contact?
How chemically homogeneous is air?
Paper making alternative
Why does the graph of compressibility factor(z) vs pressure increase after reaching the minimum?
How can you achieve negative pressure?
Finding identities of diatomics from Spectroscopy and Mass Spec Data
How does 3dCarbon CLIP printer work?
"Alkanes must be vaporised before they will burn" - what does this mean?
How to rationalise the basicity order of phenylenediamine?
Why is water more acidic than alkanols?
Does sorbitol dissolve in ethanol?
Difference between continuously overlapping p orbitals and conjugated pi bonds
IUPAC nomenclature of alicyclic compound with an equal number of cyclic and acyclic carbons
How to calculate the bond energy of C-Cl?
Is there a common name to refer to the groups 13 and 14?
How to determine the bond order using the Lewis structure?
Make pure phthalocyanines from phthalocyanine dyes
Silicon degassing with negative pressure
GAMESS and Gaussian : what is the maximum efficient number of supported nodes?
When the intermolecular forces in a liquid increase, does the equilibrium vapor pressure of the liquid at a given temperature increase or decrease?
Relative energies between reactants and products
What is the enthalpy change for the following equation?
Ionic equilibrium equation
Iodine color change in different complexes
Converting 26.62 NOx µg/L into mM (millimolars)?
NMR: Magnetic and chemical equivalence in benzene
Why are transition metal hydroxides insoluble?
Anode and Cathode Understanding
How can transition metals form so many bonds with ligands?
Why does small value of van der Waals gas constant "b" ensure easier liquefication?
A unique demo for singlet oxygen?
Reason for the formation of azeotropes
Comparing SN2 reaction rates
Does sodium form complexes like transition metal ions?
How surface passivation works?
Heat Capacity temperature dependence and Gibbs energy
Experimental difficulty with the iodine clock reaction
Is graphite more stable than diamond?
Can decarboxylation be done under carbon dioxide?
Having trouble understanding the iron-carbon phase diagram
Formula of a cubic lattice
Are the energies of orbitals that are not filled in an atom, equal?
What is the electronic configuration of Fe(II) ion?
Why use a salt bridge at all in an electrochemical cell?
Frequency, the only real characteristics of electromagnetic radiation ??
Integration of the first order rate equation
How do atoms combine?
What is the significance of enthalpy definition not under constant pressure?
Determining concentration of phosphate buffer from pH?
Definitive Guide To Removing Stains From Baby Clothes
Why is temperature regulation an important factor for producing explosives?
How can I calculate the boiling temperature of a pure substance as a function of pressure?
What is the justification behind the principle of corresponding states?
How many moles NH₄Cl must be added to NH₃ to create buffer with pH=9?
How can I deduce the structure of my compound from this NMR spectra?
What is involved in this firey demonstration?
What is non-expansion work?
If Gibbs energy of activation is positive, how is the change to the transition state possible?
Reduction of amide with LiAlH4
What's the source of "2.303" in Van't Hoff equation?
Where do the bubbles in a glass of water come from?
Why do ionic solids change to a structure with a higher coordination number at high pressures?
How exactly is energy created by oxidative phosphorylation
Organic Chemistry - Nucleophilic Substitution Reactions
Testing for the presence of Hexamethylenetetramine / Formaldehyde
Why does Silver form bonds with covalent character?
Obtain precipitated iron?
Does the magnesium 2+ ion prefer an octet or more?
What are the resonance structures for chlorite anion?
Which is most reliable excitation energy: LUMO-HOMO energy or TD-DFT excitation energies?
How to find the mass of dissolved AgCl when placed in a solution of NaCl?
Chalcogens' hydrides as acids?
Why does the US not manufacture sodium thiopental themselves?
What is the maximum molarity of aqueous HCl?
Does this equation - involving calcium carbonate and a lead (II) cation - balance?
How to find partial pressures from a given equilibrium constant Kp?
Ammonium nitrate in fuel-air bombs
How do I write out the chemical reaction of ammonia with strong acid?
What is the viscosity of menstruation blood?
Second ionization potential of Gadolinium
Spontaneous Reaction and Gibbs Free Energy
Frost diagram and acidic/basic conditions.
Determine molecular weight of biomass based on ultimate analysis
Why is only one proton transferred in the reaction between sulfuric acid and sodium chloride
Changing solubility of metal complex by adding ethanol
How to synthesize Boron tri-fluoride using Boron Oxide
Why does H₂Se have a bigger Ka2 than H₂Te
Conversion of methane to propane
How can I determine the pH of a solution when I add more analyte after the equivalence point?
Thermal decomposition products of polyurea?
In infrared spectroscopy, why is there no C=C reading for E alkenes?
Hyper conjugation in acetic acid?
What's happening at the beginning of a weak acid titration?
Why are C6 dispersion forces named C6?
How to lose as little heat as possible to the surroundings from an endothermic reaction?
How to store methanol
Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle's inequality
Can weathering change the composition of something so that it appears different?
Chemical writing: the term "synthesis route"
What is has a higher priority in naming organic compounds, alkyl groups or halides?
Polarity of the nitrate ion
Order of priority in hybridization of d-orbitals
Why is diborane cleaved symmetrically by trimethylamine but unsymmetrically by ammonia?
Do core electrons have molecular orbitals?
Why does sulfur form S8 instead of S3?
Can hydride shift and methyl shift happen one after another in a carbocation?
Why doesn't the Bessemer process oxidize the iron?
What is the mean curvature of nitrates and nitrites?
Why does Si2H4 readily polymerize at RTP but ethene does not (requires catalyst)?
Aromaticity-Bromonium Ion
Do core electrons in bulk material have discrete energy levels or continuous energy band?
What substance has the lowest Kₛₚ value?
Exercising to use up energy consumed
Arranging carboxylic acids by increasing acidity
How do I solve for Ksp
What is more stable: a carbonate ion or a sulphate ion?
Can a strong electrolyte be sparingly soluble?
Why is chloroethene said to be a conjugated system?
Stirring the reaction between hydrochloric acid and a powdered substance
Decomposition products of hexaurea-chromic-chloride-trihydrate
The acid in soft drinks dissolves your teeth. Which type of chemical could you use to stop the acid?
How do we predict the order of melting points of group 1 and group 2 halides?
Difference between radial, planar, angular and spherical nodes
Why is RS- more basic than RO-?
What happens in an acid and metal reaction where the acid is twice as concentrated and the metal twice as much in quantity?
What decides the order of priority of functional groups in organic compounds?
Why macromolecule ligands such as Crown ethers form more stable complexes than open chain ligands?
Analysis project to conduct
Representing woody biomass concentration for kinetic reactions
What reaction is happening when a lithium polymer battery "is on fire"
Does Gallium (liquid or solid) corrode all forms of brass?
What chemicals help define "taste"?
NaClO Concentration
How concentrated can an acid be?
Can you find [SO₃²⁻] with just the two acid dissociation constants Kₐ₁ and Kₐ₂?
What is the process or material that can enhance the conductivity of the graphene oxide?
Weak base titrated with a strong acid
Hydro-Bromination Product 1,4-Benzoquinone
Why is NaCl3 possible?
Singlet oxygen production
Can I use my extech pH 60 meter to measure soil pH if so how?
Geometrical Isomerization
Effect of pressure on solubility of salts
Are methyl n-propyl ether and methyl iso-propyl ether metamers?
Amount of substance of a molecule in a solute the same as amount of substance of constituent elements?
What causes passivity of specific metals in conc. nitric acid?
Reactions of alkynes with sodium/ammonia vs sodium amide
how do you enable result summary in gaussview
Is it correct to say that dehydration isn't a subset of condensation?
How to calculate valence factor (n-factor) for a element?
Abnormal termination of GAMESS in frequencies calculation
Interaction between metalic nanoparticles and aggregation
What's a good resource/book on pH measurements?
Stabilisation of phenoxide ion
Why are so many wave functions associated with hydrogen?
Molecular weight determination from freezing point depression
Reduction of acids with borane
Raoult's Law explained with thermodynamics/ free energy
What is the highest possible expanded octet?
Why do many hypervalant chemicals have non-constant bond angles?
Is there a difference in the reactions of a dilute acid and a concentrated acid?
Sodium thiosulfate formation
The concentration is unity! Why?
How hydrate isomerism results difference in colours?
What are the products of the haloform reaction of acetylacetone?
Confused about strong/weak dibasic and tribasic acids?
Can we prolong life?
Structure of a metal in gas phase
Can we picture metallic bonding as an equilibrium between electrons and cations?
How to measure band gap of powder sample with using diffuse reflectance method
How is the pKa of extremely weak acids determined?
When and why do hot material take heat from cold material?
Why heat of reaction under neither constant pressure or constant volume is considered (in my textbook, or probably somewhere else)?
Electrophilicities of carboxylic acid derivatives
Why does an increase in temperature decrease the electrode potential?
Concentration cell lower half cell concentration from measured cell potential
What mass of fragrances does a cubic meter of air contain on average?
UV-Vis emission from charge-separated states?
Can any atom donate more than 1 lone pair as a coordinate bond to the same metal?
Why does egg yolk turn white when washed with water?
Why is fat nonpolar?
'Emulating' calcium hydroxide
How quickly does sulfur hexafluoride mix with the atmosphere?
Calculating pH for titration of weak base with strong acid
Double Replacement Reactions form Precipitates
Why do dianions (such as malonate) bind cations more strongly than anions?
Manganese(VII) oxidation state
Computer killed by insecticide; what compounds are likely?
Why does the mixture's temperature change while phase transition?
What exactly is Indium's ability to stabilize non-ferrous metals?
What is the explanation of the changes in stability going down a group for carbonates, bicarbonates, fluorides, and chlorides?
Will the sulfur-iodine cycle and Haber Method work at lower pressures and temperatures?
How to calculate the osmotic pressure of a sucrose solution?
heat capacity and thermal equilibrium
Do Faraday's gold colloidal solutions still exist?
Why does the molar conductivity decrease with increasing charge density?
Determining which hydrate of calcium chloride I have?
What is palindromic DNA?
Allotropy in Nitrogen and Bismuth of Group 15
How is charge density a useful measure of polarising power and polarisability?
What forces keep a cotton fiber together?
Is there a way to efficiently estimate the enthalpy of formation for an organic molecule in computational chemistry?
What happens if don't use MgCl₂ in buffer solution in Ca²⁺/Mg²⁺ titration?
Could we possibly discover new extraterrestrial elements and minerals?
How can I measure the internal temperature of a solid metal?
What is the enthalpy of combustion for ethene given the values of enthalpy of formation?
While electrolyzing concentrated aqueous sodium chloride, why is it that chlorine is discharged but not sodium?
Orbitals involved in Ni(CO)₄
Does hydrogen react with air at room temperature and pressure?
Can carbon monoxide contaminate water?
Reason behind ZnO color
Partial hydrolysis of XeF6
Which species can't appear in the rate expression for this reaction scheme?
Why does this reaction take place in terms of electronic structure?
Diatomic Molecules/Elements
Writing pressure equilibrium constant expression for a reaction with a single solid product
Are acids and bases always aqueous?
How to get a protein's dihedral angles ordered by variance?
Is Bromide anion acting as a base in reaction with ethylamine and methylbromide?
Are these reaction mechanisms correct?
Are molecules chiral if a rotation leads back to the same compound?
How to find density of element metals
Relating change in internal energy and to that in enthalpy
why does phosphorus makes 5 bonds with oxygen in P4O10 whereas 3 bonds in P4O6?
How to remove nitrate from water sample?
How do tie-line slopes affect raffinate/extract envelope in ternary phase diagrams?
Can I make a pH 7 buffer from phosphoric acid and sodium hydroxide?
Trouble understanding 5 orientations of d orbitals
Why are enynes named as -en-yne and not -yn-ene?
Analogies of azide?
Amorphous to crystalline: Opposite trend?
Predicting orbital angular momentum effects on magnetic moments
Relative stability of keto- enol form of acetyl chloride
Equilibrium Constant and Surface Area
Order of lewis basic strength
What are all the structural isomers of a tertiary amine with the sum formula C6H15N?
Do sugar alcohols have the potential to get a person drunk?
How to determine limiting conductivity of specific ions?
Difference between intermediates and transition states
Why do Allylic Halides prefer SN2 reaction over SN1?
Why tautomers are considered to be the same chemical compound?
Why interconversion in tautomers is so rapid?
What is the reason for strong acids/bases dissociating in water?
Finding is the concentration of H⁺ in a benzoate buffer solution after adding HCl
Is the momentary dipole in between a cell membrane due to the van-der-Waals forces?
What is degree of dissociation for polyprotic acids?
Ignoring spin, consider an electron in a hydrogen 2p orbital, what is its orbital magnetic moment?
What is the E/Z configuration of cyclic compounds?
Allotropy and polymorphism
How was it determined that the electron observed in the cathode ray experiments was the same particle that gave an atom its balancing negative charge?
Galvanic Electrochemical Cell Without half cells
Effect of dilution on pH for HCl
pKaH of pyridine versus other imines
Meaning of prefix p,p′-?
How can I determine the quantum number of a electron lost during ion formation?
How do you know what inter-molecular interactions are present?
Hydrogen and Helium ideal gas behavior in room temperature
When an enzyme is diluted with water, what is slowing down the rate of reaction?
How to reduce the turbidity of a water sample?
short/extensive training on computational chemistry
Is there a visible change to baking soda when it reacts with odour?
How can placing a lone pair in axial position differs from that in equatorial in number of electron domains?
Identifying the structure of an amino acid from NMR spectra
Lennard-Jones potential and vibrational energy level diagram explanation
What makes ceramic coated pans fail? Is it reversible?
Hydrogen Fuel Cell and Battery
Why should alkylation of enols/carbonyl compounds be done at low temperature with a strong base?
Benzylic Oxidation of Cyclic Molecules Using KMnO₄
How do you list all possible reactions and intermediates of a reaction?
What is the equation that demonstrates the relationship between molar conductivity and temperature?
What does the pressure in the HPLC(High performance liquid chromatography) do?
How to prevent losing solvent into the vacuum pump in rotovap solvent collection?
What happens to a molecule when it is unstable?
How to find pKa given absorbances and pH
Why do charges result on atoms when coordinate bonds are formed?
History of acid-base reactions
Chemical equilibrium for simultaneous dissociation reactions
What's the relationship between charge and acidity/basicity?
Organic reaction of dry ice and Grignard reagent
How to convert benzamide to benzylamine?
How many electrons does each shell hold?
Is Polymorphism accompanied with an energy change?
Electrical conductivity of pool water
Why [MnCl6]^2- has got 4 unpaired electrons instead of 3?
How to calculate an equilibrium constant from concentrations and a reaction equation
Why leveling effect is reduced when strong acid is dissolved in a weaker acid than water?
Explain the formation of replicators to a layman
Are the following compounds aromatic?
How to find the second order perturbation to wave function?
Whats the Balanced chemical equation for heating sodium chloride and what type of a reaction is it?
Can covalently bonded hydrocarbons be influenced by a magnetic field?
Why does rock salt change colour when it's heated
Ways to change the spontaneity of a reaction
Assigning R/S stereochemistry of a cyclic molecule
How does one determine the relative basicity of a nitrogen in a molecule?
SF3Cl Vsepr Most stable structure
Why are alpha-carbonyl relatively less stable?
What is the difference between the units 'torr' and 'mm of Hg'?
What is the reaction in a child's 'add water and watch the egg hatch' toy?
Is it possible to synthesize amino acids from hydrocarbons?
What determines whether an aldol reaction will occur again or eliminate?
Why do some element symbols contain a single letter while others contain two letters?
NMR population difference from a pulse of known flip angle
Mechanism for the formation of butanoic acid from ethylacetoacetate
Corrosion of iron
Cis/Trans-Decalin in ChemBio3D
When disqualifying trans fat, are we qualifying cis-fat as healthy?
Why does water evaporate spontaneously at room temperature despite ΔG > 0?
Decarboxylation product of bicyclic compound
Alkaline glycine buffer molarity
Figure Headings in Laboratory Reports
Reaction of ethylacetoacetate with Iodine
What causes spray cans to get cooler when shaken?
ordering the hydrophilicity of some polymers
Which form of chromium oxide is formed naturally in the atmosphere?
Ratio between heat tranfer coefficient and thermal conductivity
What types of chemicals/ionic liquid could perform this type of separation?
Hofmann Elimination with a Cyclic Amine
Why does alcohol crack acrylic (plexiglass)?
In regards to the addition of hydrogen to alkynes, does the amount of moles of Hydrogen matter?
Suggest a method, other than spectrophotometry, for determining the reaction rate
Justify assuming first-order kinetics for a complex
How do cloves break down plastic?
How do I create azeotrope mixture?
Colorimetric test to measure dissolved oxygen in salt water
How to calculate vibrational spectra of organic molecules?
What does "dep" mean?
Converting methanol into methane
Bonding and Phase Changes?
How to calculate molecular volume from the wavefunction?
Fragmentation of phenyl radical cations in mass spectrometry
Detect Polyethylene
Claisen Condensation to Ketone
Why might two different chemical structures smell the same?
What does "NADH (sodium salt)" mean?
Color of pheomelanin?
Why is the deposition of silver more uniform from [Ag(Cl)₂]⁻ (aq) than from Ag⁺?
What is the probability of us being "orderly"?
Gibbs Free Energy of Solutes and Solutions
How much ozone is produced by ionization of air and how turn ozone into oxygen
Why can you not make a compound with a quaternary alpha carbon using malonic ester?
How to find the mass of a solute given a mass fraction?
Relation between molar mass and van der Waals force
Balancing Redox Equations - Half Reactions
What are the meanings of dotted and wavy lines in structural formulas?
Are all lattices Bravais lattices?
Spectral reflectance identification of types of iron rust
Electroplating a spoon (electrolytic cell) using a electrochemical voltaic cell
Rate constants for water exchange
Unit cell of CdCl2
What is the pH of CsBr?
To what state would copper wiring revert if abandoned for centuries?
Is time a measurement of Entropy?
Why is the melting point of TiCl4 lower than TiCl3
Computational Chemistry (Ab Initio), what should I study?
Standard Hydrogen Electrode
Coloration of substances because of F-Centers
Synthesis of ethyl methyl ketone from 2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)ethyl methyl ketone
What is an effective extraction solvent for removing hydrocarbons from soil (using a soxhlet extractor)?
What is the pH of a 5M solution of hydrochloric acid?
I need to find the Ka of a weak acid in titration with a strong base
Mixing borax and shampoo
Using enthalpies of formation and combustion to find formation enthalpy of Acetylene (Hess' Law)
Why should 2,6-Dimethyl-4-nitrophenol be more acidic than 3,5-Dimethyl-4-nitrophenol
After mixing, which species has the dominant affect on the pH of the solution that remains?
How do you name an alkene using IUPAC rules if the longest carbon chain in this alkene does not include the double bond?
Why is arsenic more chemically similar to phosphorus than is nitrogen?
Why might the O—H stretch in the IR of MY triphenylmethanol product be less intense than expected?
Chemical compatibility of polycarbonate and carbonate esters
What exactly does the term "gram atoms" mean?
Why is lithium the most reducing alkali metal, and not caesium?
Understanding gas stoichiometry for the reaction of xenon and fluorine
Alkane, alkene, alkyne boiling point comparison
Is there a way to turn alcohol into a solid gel?
Is p-bromophenol more acidic than p-chlorophenol?
Calculate the number of moles produced per hour per liter of air?
How to determine whether the enthalpy of solution is positive or negative by calorimetry?
Effect of different electron withdrawing/transition state stabilising groups in nucleophillic aromatic substitution
Truly Understanding the Second Law of Thermodynamics and Entropy
Understanding a passage related to salt buffer
In entropy change of surroundings, what is T?
Iterative method for calculating pH of a weak acid / base
Is 1.5M NaOH a strong enough base to deprotonate benzyl alcohol?
Household Melting Point Standards
Finding pH of a buffer
Why are inert gas (especially Xenon) compounds powerful oxidizing agents?
jury-rigging an automotive catalytic converter for use in the Ostwald Process?
What happens to chemical shifts of protons close to aromatic systems in ¹H-NMR?
Do I have to consider the molecular mass of the oxygen atom or the diatomic oxygen molecule when determining the empirical formula of an iron oxide?
The nuclear Overhauser effect
How to calculate "accurate" surface area of a microporous material using Micromeritics equipment?
Why does iodine have different colors in different media?
Exo- or endothermic? Clarification required regarding a few cases
What makes a metal more inclined to bond covalently?
Mechanism of enolether formation with ethyl orthoformate in estr-4-ene-3,17-dione (Djerassi's norethisterone synthesis)
Why does solvent leveling occur?
Determine the isotope half-life?
How is a car battery recharged?
Why does the Oxymercuration Demercuration mechanism lead to stereorandomization?
What's the source of electrical energy in galvanic cells?
Protein purification with Colbalt
Hess's Law - enthalpy of combustion
Why is it that increasing the molar mass generally increases the Entropy?
What is the difference between ΔG and ΔG "with an o on top"?
How to write equations for dissociation of ionic compounds in water?
How to write equations for a reaction of metals with water
Molar heat of fusion of ice?
Titrating and the addition of acidic distilled water
Usefulness of the outdated Bohr model?
Interaction radius of a molecule
Why is isobutane more thermodynamically stable than n-butane?
How do I interpret a flux quoted in cm⁻² s⁻¹ in atmospheric chemistry?
Why does everything go in the direction of positive entropy change?
Is the correct configuration assigned to the given pair of geometrical isomers of 1,2-dichlorocyclopropane?
Why is there a difference in the colours of K₂Cr₂O₇ and K₂CrO₄?
Can carboxylic acids be used in the aldol reaction?
Is it possible to find fire outside the Earth?
How to electronically calculate alcoholic level of a liquid
What is the byproduct from hydrogenolysis of an acyl chloride?
Compounds that adopt the zincblende structure
PBP vs TBP geometry?
Why is tin-112 stable, but indium-112 radioactive?
Distance between successive tetrahedral voids in FCC
Phenyl or benzene when naming compounds
Why are silicon analogs of alkenes or alkynes so difficult to make?
Fluorination with xenon difluoride
The distinction between dynamic & static equilibrium
Why does ionization energy increase as we go from left to right in a period?
Solvents in substitution reactions
How can I turn LPG from liquid to gas?
Standard Half-Cell Reduction Potential for Periodate to Iodine
Is there a porous thin material that will cool a stream of air passed through it to an even cooler temperature on the other side?
Is triclosan harmful?
le Chatelier's Principle
How to calculate the temperature at which a reaction becomes spontaneous?
Predict Entropy based on the Balanced Equation
Number of gauche interactions in an alkane
Why does the cathode have to be made out Cu in a Zn-Cu voltaic cell?
Paint changes color when applied to Stucco. Chemical rxn assumed, but what?
Do hard drive platters contain toxic chemicals?
If losing electrons means getting oxidized, then does it mean that ALL metals are reducing agents, since they themselves get oxidized?
How does radiation facilitate the formation of tetravalent iron?
Naproxene syntheses: electrophilic aromatic substitution on activated naphthalene
How to calculate the amount of gas in a compressed cylinder
Alkylation of alkenes by nucleophilic substitution
Charged nucleophile and SN1/E1/SN2/E2 reactions
Amide synthesis SM alkylchloride
Bandgap of a semiconductor for photocatalytic water splitting
Organisation in Periodic table
Why do we use ethanol in SN2 reaction?
Mixing solvents, or how does paint thinner work?
Clemmensen reduction of 1,3 diketones
Interpreting a Phase Diagram?
What is the product of alpha decay of curium-226?
How to visualize or think about spin waves (magnons)?
Does liquids that emit light when vibrated exist?
Understanding the hybridization of cyclohexane?
Why does the black powder that comes off aluminum pans behave the way it does?
Raoult's law: is the molar fraction the molar fraction in the entire system?
What is the net ionic equation of sodium hydroxide when it dissolves in water?
Are ethyl iodophenylundecylate and Ethyl-10-(Iodophenylundecanoate) the same compound?
How much ice will reduce the chicken carcass temperature from 32 to 8 degree C
Why do exothermic dissolution reactions occur?
How much sulphuric acid can be obtained from 5 kg of sulfur
Finding concentrations in a voltaic cell
Addition of HBr to Vinyl bromide
Which plastic type is used inside dishwashers?
Transistors: How does the gate work?
Is it possible to dope Ca ions in an NaCl crystal to produce a vacancy defect?
Why are multiple oxidation states useful for a catalyst?
Why do we insert a numeric multiplier after group positions when naming an isomer?
Describe the function of a salt bridge, What would happen if the half-cell compartments of a galvanic cell were not connected?
Why is the conductivity of non-metals not equal to zero?
Mechanism for formation of amide by reaction of amine with ester
Proper dash to use for negative charge
Stable conformers of piperazine
What is the difference between tempering and hardening metals and their end products?
How to extract wavefunction from GAMESS output?
CASTEP Geometry Optimization Movie
Are all deliquescent salts highly soluble?
Accelerated Oxidation Of Iron When Coating Breaks
Why are the axial bonds of PF5 longer than those of the equatorial bonds? (Hybridization)
Why does an acid salt possess acidity as well as basicity?
Stereochemical aspect of heating of cyclohexane-1,2-diol
Gaussian Convergence Issue for N2+N PES
What radius best represents reaction distance?
Cohesive Energy Density table request
a chemical model for pde
Effecting Chemical Change
What is the CO2 content in the air in a compartment of air and water, as a function of temperature?
Determining aromaticity of compounds
Non-radiative transitions or what features of rhodamine result in it being so highly fluorescent?
How to calculate the concentration of conjugate acid from given pH and pKa values?
Why is glycine hydrochloride more acidic than chloroacetic acid?
How can I easily explain to a layperson the difference between types of "contains"
The purpose of C/2 in aqueous solution equation
What is a catemer?
Given a forward reaction with positive enthalpy, is its reverse reaction be endothermic or exothermic?
What type of bonding occurs in isolated silicon?
What is this reference material in spectrophotometry?
Is ln(K2/K1) = (∆h°rxn/R)(1/T1 - 1/T2) even when ∆h°rxn varies strongly with temperature?
When does hydrogen bonding happen?
Does intramolecular hydrogen bonding occur in dicarboxylic acids?
Why does mercury not form amalgam with iron?
Spins spin coupling on proton NMR for an aldehyde?
Atomic number $Z$
Titration of C₄H₆O₂
Can we prevent metal corrosion by creating a vacuum around it?
Contact lenses come in two polymer classes, ionic or non-ionic. Whats the significance of having both?
How to define custom force in quantum chemistry packages?
Conductivity and Molar Conductivity of Equimolar Solutions of LiCl and KCl
MO for $N_2^{2-}$
Ring contraction in a carbocation due to ring strain and back bonding
Does the third law of thermodynamics apply to all compounds and elements?
Equilibrium constants for lewis acids such as Ca2+
Does the relationship equation between standard cell potential and equilibrium constant violate potential's intensive properties?
How to calculate the entropy change of benzene when it changes from vapour into liquid?
How to calculate the required concentration for sodium sulfite to remove oxygen as an oxygen scavenger from a solution?
Equivalent hydrogens in 2,3-dimethylbutane
Diluting acetic acid to obtain a solution of pH 5
Why is a hydrocarbon tail non-polar?
Viewing a protein or bio structure in Chembio3D in its natural conformation
Are these organo-metallic compounds?
Reaction with silver oxalate?
Calculation of CFSE
How to determine which salt will precipitate from a solution containing multiple ions?
What is there in an atom between the nucleus and electrons?
Which intermolecular interaction is dependent on the inverse cube of distance?
installation error of dalton 2015 in ubuntu 12
How to calculate the concentration based on dilution of a stock solution?
Experimental verification of the field effect
Why can some redox half-reactions be combined and some cannot?
Software for viewing a structure and altering bond angles
Find the equilibrium constant
Which carbocation is more stable, the ethyl- or 1-propyl-carbocation?
How can I balance the following equation atomically and electrically?
Difficulties understanding how salt bridge works
Yeast Fermentation with YPD + Apple Juice
In electrolysis, does it make any difference if the electrolyte is an molten, aqueous or dilute aqueous solution?
Is the 'n' in Delta G = -nFE, ever negative?
Why is the ratio between Silicon and Oxygen 1:3 in single chain silicates?
How do you determine whether or not a acid will be destroyed upon the addition dilute bases and acids?
Does Wurtz reaction follow an ionic mechanism or a free radical mechanism?
Origin of alkenes from Wurtz Reaction
Mechanism for acid-catalyzed dehydration of 2,3-dimethylcyclopentanol
How can cooling gases do not change their physical states?
Ratio of rate of diffusion of two gases under constant temperature and pressure
Peroxide bleaching for bast fibres?
Most efficient level of theory for sulfur-containing proline analogues (one that will work)
How to calculate the pH of an acetic acid/ calcium acetate buffer?
What is the significance of 273.16 K?
Pseudochirality with more than two groups on one carbon atom
In solid Iron, what is the charge of the positive atom?
How to determine bond length and angle in a conjugated pi-system (polymethine)?
What non-poisonous chemicals can get rid of SLS effectively?
Calculating reaction products programmatically?
Why are 2 ways to calculate the energy of the ground state?
Nucleic Acids Bonds
Spectral Peak-Picking in MS Excel
Can dimethylmercury originate from cleaning up a broken thermometer with disposable wet wipes?
What are the resonance structures of 3-aminocyclohex-2-en-1-ylium?
Why must the rate law be experimentally determined?
Any free tool for Calculating Gasteiger-Hückel charges for ligands?
Measuring the % of pectin in a fibre after enzymatic treatment with pectinase
Why is the bond order in the SO₃ molecule 1.33 and not 2?
What causes "stringy" melted cheese (and similar behavior in other materials)?
Why do electronegative heteroatoms increase C=O stretching frequency (bond strength)
What is the the full name of TAPD? Structure provided
Henry's constant and solubility
Saturation of multiple solutes
Comparing wt% to at% which is normalized to 100%
Is hydrolytic polymerisation the mechanism by which the precipitate forms from the neutral complex?
Molecular orbital diagram of a complex including an oxido ligand
Why is ligand substitution only partial with copper(II) ions and ammonia?
Placing the atomic mass and number of an element...
How are Pauling's rules applied to Nitric acid?
Potentiometric titration using a pH meter
Aromatic ether to phenol reagents
How to calculate the pH of a buffer after dilution
Osmolarity and osmotic pressure
Hypervalency and the octet rule
What is the relation between surface tension and initial molecular harmonic?
Can acid mine drainage form acid rain?
Nitration of pyrrole with sulfuric and nitric acids
What are isodiaphers?
Can a meso compund be rotated in ANY sort of way in order to show its achirality?
Why is acetylsalicylic acid still more acid than benzoic acid?
Is it possible to oxidize ether to ester?
What is the hybridization of the carbonyl oxygen in a carboxylic acid?
Determination of structure with HNMR
Electrochemistry - Redox & Electroplating
How does composition of air affect vapor saturation limit?
Co49Ni21Ga30 - molar mass and density
How come diluting a cell decreases the voltage?
What is the precise definition of maximum work in the context of electrochemistry and thermodynamics?
Does the natural abundance of radioactive elements change?
How to make a CP2K input file with Avogadro?
Why would sulfuric acid turn gray/black?
What would happen if I mix salt and sugar in a cup of water?
Water in the ultrasonication bath
Infrared spectroscopy of substances on a OHP film
How can an aromatic ketone be reduced in the presence of a nitro group?
Basis set in the computational software "Gaussian-03" for studying adsorption of a hydrogen atom on a carbon paste electrode dropcasted with Pt-CNT
Is lead radioactive?
Mesh size of the silica gel
Enolate Ion formation
Is one electron spin preferred over the other in filling of orbitals?
What is the mass of 1 atom of carbon?
Do all gases occupy same volume at equal temperature and pressure conditions?
How do I know which is the "correct" way to write the reaction?
Are carbocation intermediates in equilibrium?
Effect of impurities on enthalpy of fusion of ice
What mechanisms might make a substance travel different distances on the same TLC plate?
Instrumental methods of analysis
Does quantum yield of reaction factor in number of electrons needed?
Can organomercury compounds synthesize accidentally from household cleaning products?
Solve this chemical or biological mystery
When I place a straw in carbontated drink and blow, more gas bubbles rise to the surface?
How could you predict degenerate pi molecular orbitals just knowing what symmetry point group a molecule belongs to?
Propose a chemical formula for the white solid that forms during the initial stages of the reaction of Sn with benzyl chloride
What is the role of pH in azo coupling reaction of diazonium with phenol and aniline?
What are the spectroscopic signatures that differentiate triple state water from water at 1 atm?
Why does a reduced compound become a better electron donor?
Air contain 20 % O2 by volume. How many cm³ of air will be required for oxidation of 100 cm³ of acetylene?
Oxygen Preventing the Formation of Large Organic Compounds?
High or low spin complex of Zn2+ and Ti3+
Why do complex ions not emit light from de-excitations of electrons?
For protease, lipase, and amylase, include an image of the chemical, and the chemical that it operates
How to determine the value for n in the Gibbs free energy and redox potential equation?
Crystallization issue
Why wash a sample before titration?
Why is energy released as electrons move?
Charge consistency in fragment qm/mm methods
Proportion of gases filled in cylinder of sea-divers
Is there a difference between hydrated oxides and hydroxides?
Reaction of secondary alcohol with ammoniacal silver nitrate (Tollens' reagent)
Why are hollow cathode lamps used for atomic absorption spectroscopy?
Endothermic Conversion of Liquid to Gas
Is chirality a physical or a chemical property?
Increase in Potential Energy When Bonds Are Broken
Why does an acid have a low pH value?
Dichromate ion: Tetrahedral or bent?
Thermodynamics and Coffee
cupola based hydrocarbons
Basic character of amines
Least evil way to make soap?
Why does pyrite form cubic crystals?
What prevents weak acids from dissociating completely?
Why does opened wine develop the sour taste and smell of vinegar?
Smith Hieftje correction method
Alkalinity in Water
When will organometallics act as base or nucleophile?
Understanding FHF- molecular orbital diagram?
Chemical based Water Purifier
Peroxide effect in reagents apart from HBr and CHCl₃
Determining enthalpy of neutralization and heat capacity of calorimeter by overlying with straight lines or "eye-o-metric method"
Electronic oxygen concentration sensor
Why most excreta are brown?
Why so differance in alkali halide's crystal forms?
How to choose a proper chromatography way to separate substrates?
Tandem mass spectrometry: a1 and immonium ions
Autodock Vina flexible metals and water molecules
Is there any acid or base which has a pH value under 0 and over 14?
Merge rigid parts and flexible results after docking (Vina)
Pyrolysis of canola oil
Derivation spectrum
Compare the ionization energies of C and Cl?
Mass Spectrum and Molecular Ion peaks
Ink / formulation chemistry: What lab requirements
Plotting ΔG vs Temp for Electrochemical Reaction
pH of a weak base calculation
pH of dilute HCl solution
How to determine the acidity or basicity of dissolved salts?
Why does a weak acid and a salt containing its conjugate base form an acidic buffer?
If the temperature of a solution decreases, what is the sign of the enthalpy change?
Why isn't dry CaCl₂ used to dry HCl gas instead of concentrated sulfuric acid?
how to depict answer from this graph
Why would hexacyanidocobaltate(II) be uncommon while pentacyanidoaquacobaltate(II) is common?
Is cyclopentadiene or cycloheptatriene more acidic?
Disproportionation of plutonium species - Latimer's diagram
The hydrogen ion in acidified potassium manganate (VII)
Ksp calculation of Cr(OH)2
Reference for UV/Vis Spectroscopic Data request
Why does sunlight cause colors to fade?
How to synthesize 6-methylhept-1-ene
How to make hydrogen peroxide into gel
How do auxochrome groups work?
Single displacement reaction
Mercury into mercury oxide
Chemical formula and heat
How is drift due to static electricity eliminated from an analytical balance?
How many hydrogen atoms are in a sample of NH3?
UV/Vis spectroscopy transition reference
What an aqueous solution really contains?
What can be used as an electrolyte in water to perform electrolysis other than salt?
What is dust made of?
ammonium tartrate + lead tartrate=?
Is an iron (II) sulphate solution supposed to turn cloudy when silver nitrate is added?
What ion remains in the largest concentration at equilibrium: 0.1 M H₃PO₄ and 0.2 M KOH?
Why are esters meta directors? Can't the carbonyl donate electrons into the ring?
Which of these compounds does not liberate heat when water is added to it?
Electrodeposition of Ni
Way to detect lead in gasoline
Given the concentration and density of a sample, calculate moles of bleach?
How is it possible, that the hydrolysis of ethers proceed via a SN2 mechanism?
What is the mechanism of trialkylborane oxidation with hydroperoxide?
Acid catalyzed hydrolysis of ester
Computing pH of a buffer, and concentrations
Why is the melting of ice a spontaneous reaction?
19F NMR of hexafluorobromine(VII) cation
How do popular reducing agents react on compounds that have ester, carbonyl, and unsaturated functionalities?
Catering grade electrolysis of alcohol
50-90'C color changing chemical to use as warning marker for hot electronics?
Are the following expressions for base dissociation constant equivalent?
Burning a diamond produces how much energy?
Benzylic and allylic carbocation stability order
Carbon with two double bonds and oxygen name
Dissolving Aspartic acid in vinegar?
Bromine with 10 electrons
Purpose of ammine in Tollens' reagent
Wavelength extention in AAS
When is phosphorus a polyatomic molecule?
Determining spin of metal complex
Dissolving to Create a Solution with Ethanol
Why carbon nanotubes can act as a good electrical conductor?
If for a chemical reaction the standard gibbs free energy is negative then :
Calculating pH of an unknown base, and the pKb
Ring expansion from a given cyclic carbocation
Do all double displacement reactions have precipitates?
OD660 readings of yeast
How does chromium help stainless steel prevent rusting?
Interstitial sites: edge and face sharing?
Software for technical calculation of chemical reactors
How to make lead nitrate from pure lead
How do I write many cyclic voltammetry curves in Nova?
Equilibrium constant when adding more of a reactant
Why is a ketone not capable of hydrogen bonding among themselves?
Can one dichlorotriazine molecule form two bonds with cellulose?
Quantum mechanical explanation for Le Chatelier's principle?
Does the Battery Bounce Test actually work?
How to figure out which two solutions will emit largest heat when they are mixed in same volumes?
How does an electrolyte react to voltages below its electrolysis potential?
Periodic cleavage of carbohydrates
Do only outer electron shells take part in forming chemical bonds?
Identify this solution
Activation energy and temperature
Density g/cm3 of bleached viscose
Specific and general acid catalysis
Why is it that less useful energy can be extracted in explosive reactions?
What are side chain order parameters?
Gold recovery under vacuum
Why the dilution of solvent doesn't affect the solid phase, in comparison to the liquid phase?
Is there a very stinky chemical solution that isn't a health hazard?
Specify the formula of the product X_n Y_m
How does the atomic structure of crystals determines its shapes?
Dependence of change in entropy on temperature
Which has higher priority according to Cahn-Ingold-Prelog priority rules, vinyl or secondary butyl?
PAPS , is it a carrier or not
Name for analog of salt hydrate with non-water solvents?
Azathioprine CIF data file rendering problem in Accelrys
What is the reason that tertiary alcohol pKa is higher than primary alcohol pKa?
Debye-Huckel theory with non-polar solvents
How can you tell if a sugar is D/L in its chair form?
What are the correct resonance structures of nitrous oxide?
Between ethene and propene which is more acidic and why?
Smoke alarm ion neutralisation
Molecular orbitals of CH2 an SLACs
sp, sp2 and sp3 hybrid orbitals are actual solutions of Schrodinger's equation or only a heuristic?
What kind of math should I expect in first year chemistry?
Old sample of sodium tetraphenylborate—why it is red?
Failed synthesis of aspirin due to excess sulfuric acid
Why is a tin can that appears like galvanised steel rusting?
Rotational degrees of freedom (3N-5 and 3N-6)
CIF fields that are available for some atoms, but not others
Why does pKa of a acid-base indicator equal to the pH when the equivalence point is reached?
What reactions create a lot of gas really quickly?
Calculation of volume required for titration with dibasic acid
Lewis structure of chlorite ion
Measurement of Water Clarity
How to attach a liebig condenser to a flask for reflux heating?
Is there any required data missing from my CIF file?
Are there any (liquid) chemicals that experience rapid, extensive, and controllable volume changes in reaction to heat?
Dimensional Analysis in Chemistry
Equation for heat loss over distance?
The explanation on atomic size
How does standardising a secondary standard solution make it suitable as a standard solution?
Why can't helium be solidified at 'ordinary' pressures?
Why does copper precipitate out as a pink solid?
Can chemicals change crystal structure by only touching?
Solubility of C5H11OH and C5H11Cl
Is there more than one equation for Delta T(reaction)?
Why is pickle salty? How does salt get into pickle?
Difference in ozonolysis reagents
Why electronegativity instead of electropositivity
Effect of drinking ultra-pure water
What is heat of vaporization? How can it be used at temperature as low as 25 °C?
Formation of radicals from C-H and C-C bonds
Length of C-H bonds in hybridized bonding orbitals
Can water be liquefied or solidified just by adjusting the temperature, regardless of the pressure?
Theoretical model for the hydrogen bond
Are molecular optimizations in quantum chemistry really in vacuum?
Water softener and RO filter
Is it possible to predict the lines in the atomic emission spectrum of Na?
If there are two longest chains possible in an organic compound and both have the same number of substituents, how do we decide the parent chain?
Radiation in space and its effects on chemical reactions?
Intermolecular and Intramolecular Forces (Vapor pressure of n-butylamine and methanol)
Why is sand/glass polar? How does lattice structure change polarity?
Determining structure factors for crystals from lattice and motif
How can the dipole moment of carbon monoxide be rationalised by molecular orbital theory?
Why does the anode solution contain Sn2+ in a Sn-Cu voltaic cell?
Why does free silicon react with water?
How important are those fields of chemistry in biotechnology and medicinal chemistry
Velocity of electrons ejected from Cl atom
About undocumented conventions(?) in PDB files
Full Valence Shell (Octet Rule) vs Formal Charge
Really how rare are hydrogen atoms?
Is a transition metal with 7 d electons ever diamagnetic?
Unit of time used in rate law equations
How to predict if hydrogen atoms could be placed in the interstials of a lattice
Exchange-correlation hole
Dissociation Energy for CO2 per molecule
How do I print property matrices in Avogadro?
Does a weak acid undergo it's weak ionization upon the addition of any kind of base?
Why is is this molecule called ketene?
What is the mechanism of the uncatalysed epoxide opening with alcohols?
Order of reactions in kinetics
Why might the ratio between two Q-band peaks in ZnTPP decrease with increasing temperature?
Reduce Decomposition Of Gylcerin
Why does thallium form TlF and TlF3 but aluminium only forms AlF3?
Why is picric acid more acidic than carbonic acid?
Why is no bromine liberated in the reaction of potassium bromide and concentrated phosphoric acid?
Protonation of ketone and ester
Manuals for a Cahn TG-171 Thermogravimetric Analyzer
Ionic bond and ionic radii in FeS
Does desalination work?
What is the molecularity of a reversible reaction?
Are glycans, such as glucose, considered alicyclic compounds?
Activated complex theory vs. consecutive reactions
Theoretical Calculation of Lattice Parameter from Space Group
Modified DNA bases in Pymol and Coot
In the Haworth projections of D and L glucose, is the stereochemistry at every carbon except the anomeric carbon just inverted?
How did Millikan measure the mass of these oil droplets?
Do all the precipitates undergo an equilibrium with its respective ions, why can't they dissociate fully?
When is Serpeck's process preferred over Bayer's process?
Atomizers in AAS
Why are tertiary carbocations the most reactive, if they're already stable?
Multiple-quantum coherences in NMR
Basicity Alteration Due To Ortho Effect In Methoxy Aniline System
What program could I use to create a protein model from scratch?
How to calculate the percentage composition of a mixture of sodium carbonate/bicarbonate from the volume of carbon dioxide released?
Acidic strength of para substituted benzoic acids
Stereochemistry: R and S notation
Why cooling an exothermic solution it increases it's solubility?
Container to minimise radiation exposure from U-238
Ketene cycloaddition reactivity
Target temperature for infused cooking oil
What is the product of a copper and vinegar reaction?
How many electrons are in the d orbitals of NiCl2·6H2O?
Can I get an accurate temperature reading from a flask with a built-in thermometer well?
What is the justification for Hückel's rule?
How is the "quasi-steady-state" assumption of Michaelis-Menten kinetics different from the steady state assumption of ordinary kinetics?
How can I calculate the charge distribution of a water molecule?
Specific gravity of H2O2 bleached viscose
Relative stability of cis and trans cycloalkenes
Will bleach combined with any of these chemicals create poisonous gas?
Is nitrogen of aniline sp² or sp³ hybridized?
Converting g/L to mol/L
Relation between Temperature and viscosity of Linseed Oil?
Proton attached to N or O in HNMR spectroscopy
How can I purify ethanol from formic / boric / salicylic acid?
Mechanisms in kinetic reactions
What elements and/or substances without water are liquid at room temperature?
Is a microwave oven dangerous?
Why does a hydride like NaH act as a base, but a hydride like NaBH4 act as a nucleophile?
What does it mean to take reading up to 0.05 mL?
How to confirm the type of bonding taking place between two substances?
By using the magnetic susceptibility, calculate the number of unpaired elections in the complex
Determination of mercury in AAS
How long do the bonds in a molecule hold under nominally stable conditions?
What is the product of a Dieckmann condensation of dimethyl adipate?
How to determine the Bravais lattice and atom basis vectors from a CIF file?
What is the difference between moisture regain and water holding capacity?
What's so special about chelation?
What happens when I use cyclohexanol to prepare cyclohexene?
Intensive and extensive properties of gases
What is the necessary volume of concentrated HCl to prepare a solution with a pH of 1.8?
Why does solubility of solids sometimes decrease with temperature increase?
What is the difference between the esterification and transesterification?
What is the value for the reverse reaction?
Why/How am I calculating freezing point depression wrong?
finding cation of unknown salt in solution from precipitate
Azimuthal Quantum Numbers
How to interpret TD-DFT results for finding λmax and amplitude
Chemiluminescence vs. Bioluminescence
Entropy change in an adiabatic expansion
Comparing the Lewis acidity of carbon tetrafluoride and silicon tetrafluoride
Does anisole react with concentrated nitric or sulfuric acid
Chemical kinetics of a reversible reaction
How to explain the dipole moment anomaly of methyl fluoride and methyl chloride with respect to their hydracids?
Can you melt wood?
Is there a characteristic that characterizes all, and only, metals?
What fraction of hydrogen in air results in an explosive mixture?
Torquoselectivity: Disrotatory ring opening
Optional determination techniques in Atomic Absorption Spectroscopy
How to calculate molecular dipole moment from a known wavefunction?
Scission of carbon dioxide bonds using electric arc
Is a negative pH value possible?
Are the hydrogen atoms of 2-methylindane homotopic, enantiotopic, diastereotopic or unrelated?
Naming ionic compounds with multiple cations and anions
Why was the prefix 'bi' used in compounds, such as for bicarb of soda?
When, how and why does sodium metal react with cycloalkenes, cycloalkadienes, cycloalkatrienes?
Safe way to extract hydrogen from water through electrolysis
What is the effect of the temperature on the no of moles in an equilibrium system?
How to find the highest and lowest oxidation state of transitional metal
Alkylation of conjugated nitriles - regioselectivity
What causes triboluminescence and what process occurs to produce light?
Structure of Ca2B6O11
How do I predict the spontaneity of an ionic metathesis reaction?
Open Database of Phase Diagrams?
Piperic acid oxidation
galvanic corrosion in the wild: where is the reduction?
How to find the formula of an binary oxide based on the ionisation energies?
"Middle row anomaly" of the periodic table
Ground state conformation of dimethyl disulfide
How can I choose an indicator for determining the concentration of a base using its pKb values?
Nomenclature Precedence Order for Unsaturation and Hydrocarbon Chain
How many molecules are there typically in items made of plastics?
What chemical characteristics give types of steel their properties?
Is solubility coefficient affected if ion data is given in Ksp?
Is it possible to create a 4 inch by 4 inch channel through concrete using acid?
What would a diagram of the metal lattice structure of CuSO4 look like?
Calculating the pH of a saturated calcium fluoride solution
Oxidation number of hydrogen in compounds
How to identify a compound as chiral or achiral
Can bone mineral be obtained in pure, crystalline form?
Relative atomic mass
Change in current in an electrolytic cell over time
Nomenclature of organic compounds containing complex side chains
What is the world's finest powder substance?
Is there an otherwise liquid material that has angle of repose?
degradation of sertraline
What is the meaning of cmmol in chemistry?
Lambert Beer's law coeficient
Fehling's Test meaning for partial formation of a precipitate?
Is there an alternative wet chemical method or electrochemical method to obtain precipitation of iron, nickel and silicon powder?
Why does a diatomic carbon molecule not exist?
What is SPDF configuration?
Photometric titration
Difference between a dimethyl and ethyl substituent groups
Different elution profiles of carvacrol and thymol
Nomenclature of an Alkane
Bond-Line Structure for an Alkane
Why does Pb(II) promote ligand substitution?
Phosphorus and Boron groups
What is the color and structure of CrO3?
Why does raising the temperature affect the mass of dissolved solute?
Stability constant of complexes
Can two metals bond covalently?
How do I create a spreadsheet containing the coordinates and predicted bond angles, molecular properties, torsion properties, etc of a molecule?
Mechanism of photolysis of HX
How to calculate the percentage of calcium carbonate in sea shells in an experiment
Predicting melting points of substances based on their molecular/atomic structure
For a given element do heavier isotopes form stronger bonds than lighter isotopes?
Calculating new volume during expansion of an ideal gas
What is the enthalpy of formation of 1 mol of sulfuric acid?
What is formed when you leave iron(II) sulfate in plain air?
Energy of Eclipsed Interactions
Reference request for the number of solvents around a solute
Why is it the middle ring of anthracene which reacts in a Diels–Alder?
Andersen thermostat in MD with rigid bond constraints
Why Acetone does not behave like its computational values?
Which unit cell do we obtain if spheres are arranged in ABABAB type in 2D and then that 2D layer is arranged in AAAAAA type in 3D?
is it possible to break the bonds of diatomic elements such as fluorine or iodine and create positive and negative ions by electron bombardment?
In Crystal Field Theory what does Δo=10Dq mean?
How many stereoisomers are possible for hepta-1,6-diene?
Does DMT-Acetate become Polar in H2O, with added NaCl?
Fluorescence versus phosphorescence
How to make polyester casting resin?
Identifying chiral centers
Why does this compound only have one pair of enantiomers?
Should chemistry students worry about quarks and such?
Ripping apart plastic: is this a chemical or physical change?
How to interpret orbital transition in TDDFT?
Investigating a factor affecting buffer capacity
How to dissolve composite In2O3 with SnO2 without affecting stainless steel?
What is the Ksp of Al(OH)3?
Why does addition polymerisation of high density poly(ethene) use low temperature and pressure?
Is there an electrolyte that will halt the production of Hydrogen in water electrolysis?
Planes of Symmetry and Chirality
Why sodium sulphate has water absorbing capability?
Why can't a primary cell be recharged?
Energy of photons emitted by de-excitation of electrons
How do I calculate the viscosity of a mixture of toluene and isopropanol?
2,4-dinitrophenyl hydrazine test
Nitrogen chain nomenclature
Reactivate dried up ink of ballpoint pens
Enthalpy and Bond Dissociation Energies
Transformation of acyl group to carboxyl group in biphenyl system with two acyl groups at para position
Do I understand why heat capacity is called 'heat *capacity*'?
Is the resonance depiction of benzene typically portrayed incorrectly?
In order to solve for this equation for heat capacity, do I need to treat it as a system of equations?
Keto Enol Equilibrium for Claisen Condensation Products
Born–Oppenheimer adiabaticity
Synthesis of bromobutane
What are some books, websites, etc. where I can find the detailed protocol for standardization of sodium thiosulfate with dichromate?
change in state (sublimation and deposition)
May I treat units (e.g. joules, grams, etc.) in equations as variables?
Neutralisation and end point pH
Estimate the concentration of HCl and volume of 6 M HCl required to complete precipitate each of the given salts
Periodically oscillating chemical reactions?
Is solubility in Qsp affected by coefficient?
Combustion of halo-organic compound
Why does the gauche conformation of ethane-1,2-diol show hydrogen bonding?
Using Distribution Coefficient to Determine Mass and Percent of Acid Extracted
Determining phase from intermolecular interactions and kinetic energy
What is torsional strain?
Does 'Stoichiometry' refer to the mole ratio of atoms in compounds and the mole ratio of compounds involved in chemical reactions?
Configurations of Reactants in Second Order Nucleophilic Substitutions
Method of deriving some properties or possible method of synthesis of a specific monomer
Relevance and Determination of the reflection symmetry +/- in Spectroscopy?
What solvents can get rid of oil stains?
Which of the following releases the smallest amount of energy upon gaining an electron?
What are some general tests that would determine an unknown compound?
Liquid-Liquid phase separation
Does the carbocation rearrangement in a SN1 reaction specify a change in degree?
Differentiation between zinc, aluminium, and magnesium ions in solution
Why do Grignard reagents or Organolithium compounds not displace halides as easily as acetylide ions do?
Determining (approximately) the amount of a strong base needed to change a buffer's pH by a certain number of units
Available orbitals for promotion
Why is Astatine monoatomic?
Why is picric acid more explosive than TNT?
Calculating Vmax (or Kcat) given specific activity of an enzyme over length of time incubated with an activator
Mixing solvents and other compounds - safety issues
What is the origin of the maximum in rotational heat capacity?
Finding 1/V from absorbance in Lineweaver-burk plot
Why is fresh ice sticky?
How are electronic configurations determined experimentally?
Why do s-block elements impart color to a flame?
How to calculate the number of geometrical isomers in allenes?
Reduction and oxidation in organic chemistry
What is the mechanism of formation of Grignard's Reagent?
What chemicals would make lime sulfur dip to produce a green colored smoke?
Does the triplet sigma state of a diatomic molecule experience spin-orbit coupling?
What is the mechanism for electrospray ionization?
What comes after f-orbitals, and in what order are they filled?
Is hot air or hot water more effective at melting a frozen pipe?
Crucible heating apparatus
Electrical conductivity of organic solvents
Why do some gases liquefy easily under pressure and normal room temperature?
Jahn-Teller Metal : The new state of matter
Is the largest number of molecules in 36 g of water or 54 g of dinitrogen pentaoxide?
Solubility of non polar substances in non polar solutions
What would happen if someone consumed a Silica Gel Packet?
Mixing polar and non polar substances
Structure of Niobium and Tantalum carbonyls
Equations for internal energy and their relevance to the derivation of the equation for entropy for perfect gases
Friedel–Crafts reaction of phenol
Hybridization of Na in [Na(H2O)6]+
Predicting the Product of a Substitution/Elimination Reaction
What are GAMESS and Gaussian?
Out of the various states of matter, which one is the most used?
Interlocked cyclic compounds
Reaction of sulfate ion in copper sulfate electrolysis
Cathode gained mass in zinc electrolysis
Why exactly are standard potentials additive?
Vaporized sodium hydroxide?
Know any micropipettor that is acid resistant?
Approximating the concentration of ions when a salt dissociates
Primary and secondary standard
Elimination from Vinylic Halides
Stability of half and fully filled orbitals
Why does reduction always accompany oxidation and vice versa?
Why an asymmetric geometry with sp3d and sp3d3 hybridization?
What is the meaning of the "colon" notation in chemical formulas?
Are there any known chemical properties of tritium water that make it unusually different from protium water?
Why is there a greater degree of separation in a dipole-dipole interaction?
Why is HCl not considered to have hydrogen bonding?
Possible Synthesis of a Polymer
Can gas get produced at room temperature?
Migratory preference in a rearrangement involving carbocations
Formation of species in electrolysis
Why is tetrafluoromethane non-polar and fluoroform polar?
Reading number of outer shell electrons and other properties from periodic table?
Why is Omega-3 a polyunsaturated and not a monounsaturated fatty acid?
Does a Grignard reagent react with enones to give the 1,2- or 1,4- product?
How would you add saccharide residue information to PDB files?
What is the purpose of the solution in a galvanic cell?
Disproportionation with aqueous NaOH
Radical formation via tritium to helium decay
Can 4-pyridones be synthesised analogously to 2-pyridones?
What do the quantum numbers actually signify?
Variation in atomic radii of elements in different blocks?
Is the ammonium substituent (-NH3+) really meta-directing in electrophilic substitution?
Thymol Blue - molar absorptivity
Atomic emission spectroscopy
Will fire corrode stainless steel?
Did Berzelius unify the names of chemical elements using the Latin language?
Calculating the number of molecules remaining
Predicting IR frequencies of esters / vinylogous esters
Heating of Ethers with HI and Cleavage of Ethers
Which allotrope of phosphorus is kinetically the most stable?
Standard Heats and Free Energies of Formation and Absolute Entropies of 2-Chloro-2-methylpropane
Reaction of perchloric acid with cyclopropenol
Identifying MgCl2 or CaCl2 in solution
Capacitance and flammable liquid
Which effect does adding hydrogen chloride have when determining the concentration of sodium hypochlorite in bleach via titration have?
Selecting between redox and neutralization reactions for a mixture of HCl, H2SO4 and NaOH
How are RDM patterns for reactions in the KEGG database constructed?
What is the meaning of scores when comparing reaction classes in the KEGG database
Tap water leaving white residue after drying
Why are the three most simple alcohols completely miscible?
How common are automated pipetting systems
How does the temperature of water affect the reactivity of alkali metals acting on it?
ionising atom(s) with gamma rays
Purification of water with ferric chloride
How photoluminescence (PL) spectroscopy works
Solvent effects on acidity of ethanoic acid
Ketone to alkene regiochemistry
Nomenclature of an organic compound
Theoretical versus empirical equations
Thermodynamic vs Kinetic Sulphonation of Naphthalene
De-ionized water
Collisonally induced intersystem crossing
Measuring Colloidal copper PPM & how to ignore the salt PPM in soluton
Porous petri dish
Photoisomerization of Azobenzene
Change of electron spin in Carbon after Hybridization?
What is a non-classical carbocation?
Working with wave number equations, use trial-and-error?
What is the exact meaning of GAMESS (US) SCF density convergence criteria?
Why are signals of carbon and hydrogen atoms (in NMR spectra) split by coupling to 19F?
Carbon dating: What to compare the new value against?
Stereoselectivity solvolysis of cyclohexenyl halides
How to interpret spectroscopic data to obtain the structural formula?
Water reacts or doesn't react?
Why is the melting point of p-toluenesulfonic acid monohydrate higher than that of anhydrous p-toluenesulfonic acid?
Acid catalysed hydration of allene
Nomenclature of complexes: Cyano vs Cyanido ; Chloro vs Chlorido
Identifying phycobiliprotein based on wavelength
Lewis Structure on (CH3)2NO?
Possible ionization and fragmentation of chemicals
Separate precious metals from catalytic converter
What substances form crystal structures?
Does water vapor in the air oxidize copper?
Comparing purity grades for ethanol
Can compounds found in concrete leach into soil against gravity?
Preparation of 6-bromo-1-hexanol
How to assign E/Z configuration according to the Cahn-Ingold-Prelog rules when subsituents differ only by stereochemistry
Is it wise to use ECPs on light atoms for electronic structure calculations?
Behaviour of element 111
How to calculate the mass of phosgene in the equilibrium mixture of carbon dioxide and chlorine?
Heat and water absorption by calcium chloride
Explaining the photoelecton spectrum of krypton
Exocyclic vs. endocyclic double bonds in E1 elimination
Is F2 two fluoride ions or just one?
Adding a polyvinyl alcohol chain onto polyethylene
What is the bonding type in hydrides of group 2 elements?
Purification of Ethanol
Calculating Buffer Capacity
Calculating edge length of a cube atom
Why does my professor use both the upper, and the lower, case literal of a letter to symbolize the same concept?
Solute mole fraction for hydrated magnesium sulfate dissolved in water
Why is the gram no longer a function of the atomic mass number?
Is there a term that denotes 'molecules and molecular constituents'?
Why do sp2 carbons tend to prefer eclipsed conformations whereas sp3 carbons prefer staggered
How to determine if a compound is likely to become a solid at room temperature?
Why are there more fluoride compounds formed with Xenon?
Is there a chemical reaction which could give off enough heat underwater to cook something?
Methyl orange coordination compound chemistry
Grignards and anhydrous ethanol
Determining the boiling point of a substance with the triple point and critical point
Is azide paramagnetic?
Water exchange at Al (III)
Calculation of optimal current density
Is helium-4 a liquid at zero temperature and zero pressure?
Why does the value of Δo increase with increased charge on the metal?
Why does HCN boil at a higher temperature than NH3?
Does the term 'silver nitrate' express all of its constituent chemical elements?
How would one construct a 3D model of a molecule based on the crystal structure of its salts?
Choosing fish-oil that won't oxidize in long travel?
Dissolving metal reductions
What do the numerals on the top right corner of the cells in the periodic table represent?
What makes pentane, hexane, heptane, and octane dangerous, while butane and nonane aren't?
Entropy increase when heating a gas
What is the meaning of signs in electrode potentials?
Stoichiometry reactions for water clarification
Gattermann-Koch Reaction with Phenol Substrates
Why do ion cores not move in a metal?
Fertiliser analysis - Why doesn't it show ureic nitrogen when it does have urea?
Does water ionically bond to chloride ion?
Supersaturation and Crystallization
Grubbs, Wittig & hydroboration reactions and Woodward-Hoffmann rules
Name of these parts in CoQ10?
E2 reaction - strong base
E2 reaction — which one is faster?
Explain why these ions are more strongly hydrated in an aqueous solution?
Calculating the number of ligands of complex ions in d- block
Why any other element except fluorine wouldn't take electrons from oxygen?
Can an atom bond with more than 8 other atoms?
Ene-yne metathesis product
What is the Difference between difference between Standard Electrode Potentials and Standard Reduction Potentials?
Why is it the case that KE = 0.5mv^2
When I heat up a balloon, does the air inside increase in pressure as well as volume?
Why is mercury liquid?
What does it mean when it is said that an sp³ orbital has 25% s character?
What happens if I make a hole in a container with superheated water?
Difference between Superheated steam and Superheated water?
Are these 3 molecular structures of ammonium bicarbonate the same?
Running behavior of glucose, galactose and mannose in TLC
The Propinquity Effect
Why doesn't gold corrode?
Develop slow smoke for mini windtunnel
How is it possible to distinguish antimony from lead?
What does the 129Xe NMR spectrum of XeOF4 look like?
Bond length in ICl2- and ICl2+
Linear PEI Solution Making
steam distillation of 4-bromoaniline , why render it basic prior
Molten vs Liquid
Factors controlling enzymatic phosphorylation of D-ribulose 5-phosphate
Angular dependence of x-ray and neutron scattering factors
Predicting incomplete combustion?
Why are HgO and CdS compounds colourful?
Predicting relative solubilites of salts without Ksp values
How do I predict the solubility of a compound in a mixture of water and an organic co-solvent?
Deformation of the nematic phase of liquid crystals surviving in the solid state
Sugar dissolution test
Chemical equilibrium and Le Chatelier's principle
Clarifications about the mechanism of the Wittig reaction
Dieckmann condensation's final protonation step
Are the bonding orbitals in methane equivalent - photoelectron spectrum
Burning formaldehyde gas for disposal?
How to simulate surface tension?
Thermodynamics of photochemical reactions
Calculating the concentration of copper(II) from a non-standard cell potential
Naming double bond sidechain
Clemmensen reduction vs. Wolff-Kishner reduction
Selective alkylation of carboxylic acid versus phenol
Fitting parameters of Lennard-Jones potential to properties of real materials
Unit consistency in rate equations
What are the steps to creating synthetic glucose?
PMMA cross-link temperature
Isolating radium oxide
Which has greater +R strength - toluene or anisole?
Which of the following compounds would result in the reaction being more active in the reverse direction?
Bohr's model of atom
Catalyzation in Carbonic Acid
What's the simplest way to etch Nickel and Chromium sputtered layers?
Why do halogen-metal exchanges happen?
Why isn't helium always He 1s?
Quick and simple explanation of molar mass, molecular mass and atomic mass
Are electron shells probability distributions?
How to find pH by mixing two solutions of different concentrations?
The Health Effects of Alkaline Ionized Water?
Why doesn't EDTA complex with alkali metal ions?
Why is in the reaction of cyclic unsaturated aldehydes with hydrazine and hydrogen peroxide the aldehyde preserved?
In what sense is the Inductive effect a permanent effect?
Ether cleavage with conc HBr
How to distinguish open-pored polymer foam and foam with closed pores?
When a carboxylic acid acts as a nucleoplile, why does it attack through the carbonyl bond?
Why does the quantum number n limit the value of l, and why does l, likewise, limit the value of m?
Can one figure out an optical absorption spectrum from EPR data?
I recently learned I'm allergic to potassium dicromate or chromium
IR fluorescent material for outdoor use
How to determine at temperature and pressure to keep Cl2 a gas?
How come uranium's relative atomic mass is 238.03 when it only contains isotopes with a mass number of 238 or less?
Alkali Metal Rosinates Solubility in Acetone
How different concentration of HCl on magnesium affect the enthalpy change
Why do some crystal structure files not include bonds?
Light scattering in sulfur colloids
Polyurethane epoxy resin chemistry advice please?
What is the functional group of zerumbone?
Why is wavenumber used in IR spectroscopy rather than wavelength?
At what temperature CO2 becomes solid at normal pressure?
The property F in an equation for chemical potential
Can I reactivate a chemoluminescent reaction?
How are hormone levels measured?
Softeners in synthetic materials?
What is the mechanism of photosynthesis?
Can a flame start on water (video included)?
Unable to comprehend graph of aqueous lithium bromide vapour pressure
How does the silver nucleate on glass in Tollen's reagent mirroring?
Is there a function to approximate atomic mass from the atomic number?
Can I predict the preferred resonance structure of carbon monoxide from its molecular orbital scheme?
What are B and n in this expression for charge repulsion?
Strength of hydrogen bonding in phenol or methanol
What properties a compound should have to be called an "ice"?
Is the d-block ever part of the valence electrons?
Solubilizing ability of dichlorobenzenes
Why is the atomic radius of krypton smaller than that of potassium?
Mozingo reduction mechanism
Is there an algorithm for ascertaining the relative size of an atomic/ionic radius?
Is the Henderson–Hasselbalch equation volume independent?
How to prepare potassium cyanide from potassium ferrocyanide
Action of HCl on PbS
Galvanic cell involving a hydrogen electrode and copper electrode in sodium hydroxide
What is continuum in line spectra?
Which sodium citrate is used in silver nanoparticles production?
Electron vs electron density
why are lp-lp repulsions greater than bp-lp and bp-bp?
Why should I acidify twice in the procedure for qualitative analysis of chloride anions?
AgI and AgCl reduction potentials
Perplexing claim in Chang and Overby's "General Chemistry"
basic chemistry alkaline test for flavonoids!!! with reference please
electron passing nodes?
"Crystal radius" vs "Ionic radius"
Why are electron configurations more stable when there are 8 electrons in the outer shell?
Why are compounds of V5+ and Cr6+ colored?
How can an inexperienced chemist determine the chemical structure of a molecule?
Units of mass on the atomic scale
Oxygen-based explosives
Comparison of atomic radii
How the heat a large amount of water that is safe to use?
Electron transfer in reaction between ammonia and hydrochloric acid
Highest osmotic pressure
Do extreme homeopathic dilutions still retain quantities of the starting materials?
Are all complexes with a polydentate ligand examples of chelation?
Cleaning an overhead water tank using Alum or other chemicals?
What is the difference between these equations for the Contact process?
Which relatively simple molecules violate the octet rule?
Element with No Proton?
What are ω and ν in this expression?
Kröger-Vink notation for defect reactions
My text seems to say that the high(est) energy orbitals are not valence orbitals - everything else says otherwise. What's true?
What is the "rate factor" or "second-step rate constant" in the reaction rate equation?
Why does hybridization produce a more stable configuration?
Calculate specific heat of a substance given other information
How to calculate the enthalpy change of water?
How to calculate the pH of a 0.325 M solution of pyridine hydrofloride?
Oxymercuration and demercuration mechanism
Decomposition of axial vector and vector representions of C4v group
Solublity of esters in Dichloromethane?
How to perform oxidation of keto group in presence of hydroxyl group?
Why is electron gain generally exothermic?
CuCl2 dissolved in water
How to add hydrogens to a crystal structure?
Haloform reaction in acidic condition
Vapour absorption in 'normal conditions'
Mechanism of enol ether formation
Law of mass action
Can 100% covalent bonds exist?
What is GMEC (Global Minimum Energy Conformation)?
In spectroscopy, is it possible for the sample to be excited multiple times?
What happens if a polymer's length is equal to its persistence length?
Hypervalency in elements in the second period
Does a catalyst increase atom economy?
Role of Acetonitrile and Ammonium Acetate buffer in Leucomalachite Green stock solution?
What's the difference between a tetrahedron and a trigonal pyramid?
Melting temperature vs Isotropisation temperature in liquid crystals
What is the explanation of the odd even effect in liquid crystals?
Perchlorate salts: (explosive) reactivity with methane?
Computing initial reaction speed given reaction constant
Relative acidities of alkanes, alkenes, and alkynes
Energy of photon
Computing the concentration of a reactant given formation of products
Evaporation of acetic acid
solution concentrations
Can the Bohr atomic model be applied to sodium and other single valence electron species?
Industrial synthesis of hydrazine
What is Y-aromaticity? Is the trinitromethanide anion aromatic?
Is passivation of stainless steel feasible in the field?
How does a "sea of electrons" hold metal atom together?
What turns clear liquid soap blue?
Anomalous trends in ionization energy
Why do cyclic ethers have higher boiling points than their acyclic isomers?
Are there substances people can put on themselves to prevent catching fire?
How to find the standard enthalpy and entropy for the dissolution of silver chloride?
How to calculate the final concentration of calcium ions from known starting masses of carbonate and calcium ions?
Reversible process in thermodynamics
Derivation of van 't Hoff equation for temperature dependence of equilibrium constant
Trans-hydroxylation of alkenes
Should I consider the quantity of each atom when estimating the relative lattice energies of two compounds?
Balancing reduction equations for galvanic cell
Equilibrium constant in terms of mole fractions
Why do cyclic hydrocarbons have higher boiling points than their acyclic isomers?
Finding the mM concentration of capric acid (decanoic acid) in coconut oil
Why can there not be more than one sigma bond in a set of bonds?
Entropy change when liquids at two different temperatures are mixed
Law of chemical equivalence
Electroless Plating of Zinc onto Copper in NaOH Solution
Will selenium react or bond, ionic or covalent, with vanadium?
Synthesis Challenge
How to clean glassware containing pesticide solutions
Are all NO3- salts soluble in water? If so, why?
Solubility and Evaporation - Would the concentration still be 1 ppm?
How are piezoelectric crystals made?
how to define proper ppm concentrations for water solvent vs alcohol solvents?
Conditions affecting pseudo rate orders
Are all molecular structures symmetric?
What is the role of NaHSO3 in syn diol formation from alkenes with OsO4?
Different solder composition affects the connection strength?
What is the correct value of the Avogadro constant? And how was it derived?
Why does the transverse magnetization in Fourier Transform NMR consist of Ix+iIy ($\hat{I}_{\!x}+\mathrm{i}\hat{I}_{\!y}$)?
Comparing heat of hydrogenation per mole of butenes and 1,3-butadiene
How would I go about making an ethyl ester from vegetable oil?
Determine balloon diameter needed to lift a 7 pound weight with various gases
Can all substances be supercooled?
Gallium-induced structural failure of aluminium
Galvanic reaction between aluminum and carbon fiber composite
If given a half reaction, how do you determine if an element can exist in a acidic conditions?
Limitations of Lewis structures
What significance and applications does nanotechnology have in chemistry?
Why does LiAlH(O-tert-Bu)3 not reduce acyl chlorides to alcohols?
Why can't small trans-cycloalkenes exist?
What causes the iridescent colour in laboratory grown bismuth?
Why are Group 11 elements unreactive?
Calculating how many grams will I get from a reaction
How can I change the bond type (single, double) of an existing bond in Avogadro?
Can I disable "Display visual cues" by default in Avogadro?
Super-cooled liquids
How is it possible for a substance to have a high heat of vaporization but a low boiling point?
Pourbaix diagram – writing reactions
Methylation of perchlorate
What's the solid product of the reaction of liquid ammonia with excess sulfur?
How to read TINKER's force field parameters
how to destroy excess iodomethane in reaction mixture?
Equilibrium constant in terms of partial pressures
Does pressure affect non-gaseous reactions?
hydrogen environments of benzophenone
Reaction-enthalpy for synthesis of 40 g hydrazine
Electron affinities of the chalcogens and halogens
Lewis structure of diazomethane
Why does milk overflow when boiled?
What are the conditions for liquid metal to be corrosive to another, different solid metal?
Why is an ionic bond a chemical and not a physical bond?
Why is HNO3 a stronger oxidising agent than H3PO4?
Finding equivalent weight of acid given its reaction to form a salt
How will the equilibrium partial pressure of carbon dioxide be affected?
Corrosion of a galvanic couple made with silver and gold
Triflate use in metathesis reactions
Why are pi bonds only formed when sigma bonds are formed?
How to get a precise reading from pipette?
Is there any way of representing a dative/coordinate covalent bond?
How to analyze a acid and salt mixture using titrimetry?
Why are hydrogen ions always associated with another molecule?
Significance of single point energy when calculating interaction energies
Reaction kinetics, relating half life to reaction rate
Is an ionic bond more like a covalent bond or an intermolecular force?
Respect to other chemicals in reduction/oxidation potentials
Explanation of the law of equivalence
In a nucleophilic substitution reaction, does the other atom to which the nucleophile is bonded matter?
Do carboxyl groups behave like bases and amino groups behave like acids when peptide bonds are created?
Bending of water and methanol towards a charged objects
Vinegar CH2O ? COH2
Why do some solvents bubble more than others when boiling?
Identifying Alkyl Ligands as Pi Donors or Pi Acceptors in Transition Metal Complexes
Why must NaOH be kept dry during storage?
Diagonal relationships in the Periodic Table
Reliable automatic addition of hydrogens and charge assignment to small molecules at given pH?
Are vitamins in tablet are more efficient than the vitamins in their natural source?
Why are H2O asymmetric while CO2 is not?
Least likely product of a hydrocarbon cracking reaction?
Calculating enthalpy change and energy required to convert lead sulphide to lead
Why is grease from cooking hard to remove from wood?
Initial rate of reaction from the graph?
How to calculate the equilibrium pressure when ammonia and hydrogen gasses react in a closed system?
Alkylation of 1-naphthol in trifluoroethanol versus in DMSO
How does the human body process Bromelain in pineapple? (A meat tenderising/dissolving enzyme)
When the heat is absorbed by the ice then ice will melt to form liquid water
How does the MG811 sensor work?
Why is the less substituted alkene favoured in Hofmann elimination?
Why does magnesium have an exceptionally low melting point?
Are there non-transparent gases?
Why amino acids (Zwitterion) become either negative or positive at low and high pH solutions?
How to compute the NMR shift in Gaussian09 for only one specific atom in a bigger unit cell?
Looking for a Chemistry Demo Resource Group
How to temporarily hide hydrogen atoms in Molden?
homogeneous mixture - Are they truly uniform in composition and proportion?
Why isn't the silicon analogue of benzene flat?
Phenyl group in proton NMR
Are there compounds that melt under their own weight?
Is it possible to have a diatomic molecule of sodium in gaseous state?
Are more than one correct Lewis structures possible (not counting resonance)?
Reduction of vanadyl ion
State of a Racemic Mixture
Is ClH7 possible?
Reactions between enantiomers in a racemic mixture
After completing an experiment, a student finds that the percentage yield exceeded 100%. What could have occurred to the sample to lead to this?
Which elements can be diatomic?
Why is Sulfur trioxide a neutral electrophile?
What's the bonding in the diborane(6)- hydrogen chloride dimer?
Stable natural helium hydride?
Equivalents Chemistry
Autocatalysis / Electroless plating of mercury
Subtracting wave functions?
Which elements tend to form the most phases?
Can atomic number change the type of electromagnetic radiation being emitted when a electron drop from a energy level to another?
Strength and magnetic charge of KNO3
Phosphate buffer from phosphoric acid and K2HPO4?
Does the temperature of water affect its ability to extinguish fires?
Are there any free phosphorus-31 NMR spectral libraries?
What are the possible changes that might occur if I add an inert gas to a chamber containing another few different gases?
How to separate a 5 atom thick layer of Cu from Au
Anti elimination from vinylic halides
N(delta)-acetyl... vs N(alpha)-acetyl
Minimising the formation of manganese dioxide in the titration of potassium permanganate
kWh of radioactive elements database?
H2SO4 with ethanoic acid reaction?
Calculating pH in titration of monoprotic weak acid with strong base
Why is the reaction of calcium oxide with sulfur dioxide to form calcium sulfite not a combination redox reaction?
What is the Kovat's Index used for?
What can I use instead of AOT in the following protocol?
Only-C chain molecules
Why is europium used in Euro bank notes?
Why super glue does not stick inside their own bottle?
What does boiling point of a metal depend on, specifically manganese?
Hybridization of Ester Oxygen
Can Oxybuprocaine hydrochloride react with lidocaine hydrochloride?
When is equilibrium analysis appropriate?
How to proceed when percentage "exchange" is given in a reaction?
Why isn't Mg deposited on the cathode after electrolysis?
For the half reaction HSO3- -> S2O6^2- why is it that 2e- are on the right hand side when balancing and not one electron?
Disregarding negative externalities and other barriers, what are some fuels that have a higher power density than gasoline?
On adding sugar to water, does the entropy increase or decrease?
Can the thermodynamic predictions of redox reactions based on E and dG contradict each other?
Has a non-carbon-based form of life been discovered since 2010?
Oil refinery - How many plates are needed for a 10 degrees difference in temperature?
What is the purpose of UV-VIS Spectroscopy?
Ring expansion in cyclic compounds
Derivation and application of the Henderson-Hasselbalch equation
Why is H2S2O7 stronger than H2SO4?
How to detect lead paint on a bicycle?
Condition For NaHCO3 to react to form CO2 with organic acids
At the eutectic point, what is the effect on the melting point of adding impurities?
Why allene cannot be described with an allyl system?
What is the order of the following compounds based on polarity?
The effect of air pressure on the melting point
About pH of an aqueous solution of SO2
What is the order of the reaction with respect to NO?
How many times can we recycle one sheet of paper?
Does 11.2 dm3 of nitrogen consist of 0.5 moles at STP?
Quantum mechanical model of atom and the quantum numbers
Claisen condensation
Are the p orbitals of the biradical dioxo compound in the HOMO perpendicular to the plane?
Chemistry of cereal in milk
Why does the Gibbs free energy only correspond to non-expansion work?
Have P-acyl phosphines ever been synthesized?
Can a precipitate dissolve upon addition of a diluted acid?
Trans effect on square planar complex
Proper use of vacuum pump during vacuum distillation
test tube cracked when added glycerin to potassium permanganate
Maximum observed optical rotation through a polarimeter
Ph of acid would be one?
Pseudo-asymmetry-like situation in alkenes
How are point group character tables typeset correctly?
How can I figure out whether a reaction is endothermic or exothermic without its enthalpy value?
Is this sydnone aromatic?
Can Polyethylene Dissolve on 50-60 °C
Is the Arrhenius Equation only valid for reactants in the gas state?
Is this product description wrong and a simple battery and not a fuel cell?
How to calculate partition coefficients?
Who devised the term elements?
Calculating the electrons an atom wants to gain/lose to reach a noble gas
Dispersion of Lithium Ions in Nature (Ratio Similar to Isotopes?)
Is there an abundance threshold of a 'synthetic' element for it to be considered natural?
How to identify which of two given electrodes with corresponding solutions is reducing more?
Why is solid phase peptide synthesis limited to 70 amino acids?
Are aqueous solutions of oxidizing agents safe?
calculate the pressure at equilibrium
Lemon juice, the ultimate anti-foaming agent?
How many hydride ions are available in NaBH4?
Are my protolysis equations right?
What is the quickest way to dissolve steel?
If alloys are homogeneous mixtures, why can't we separate their components?
When to use -ate and -ite for naming oxyanions?
What is the difference between threo/erythro ephedrine?
How to dissolve a strong resin in difficult situation?
Through bond interaction in biradical dioxo compound and its correlation diagram
Conformations of Cyclohexane
Can I make Ferrofluid without evaporating Ammonium?
Where exactly do the orbital angular momentum get their numbers e.g. +1/2
About combining a cation and an anion
Can negative (abnormally) lattice enthalpies during the formation of ionic compounds exist?
Nomenclature of MnO4^-: is it an oxyanion?
According to this equation for glycolysis, what is reduced and where do the electrons go?
Calculating valence of oxides
Calculating yield percentage of magnetite synthesis
Pb-based pigments and rhodizonate salts
Isolating calcium acetate from water with electrolysis
Does phosphoric acid remove stainless steel electropolished layer?
deltaS of a decomposition reaction
Why is sodium methanethiolate still a better nucleophile than sodium methoxide when the solvent is ethanol
How do I setup the electrodes for cyclic voltammetry on a capacitor made on dry copper sheets?
Resolution of enantiomers? How to determine chiral compounds apart from each other?
How to determine the most reactive hydroxyl group of α-ᴅ-glucopyranose?
Calculate the valence of Fe2O3
Mechanism for anhydride formation
Why doesn't the SeO2 oxidation of ketones stop at the hydroxyketone stage?
Finding cubic ice CIF files in crystal database
Distillation Heating Mantle Setup
What is the amount of nitrate ions in 20 g of Fe(NO3)3?
Molar conductivity and concentration
Quality of water for drinking purposes
Why do we need to add FeBr3 for bromination of anisole, but not for bromination of phenol?
Which compound reacts faster in the Cannizzaro Reaction?
Why does an element's chemical properties rely only on its valence electrons and not on anything else?
Is the relative natural abundance of isotopes of an element the same everywhere?
Why there is no change in water level when salt is added?
Is pigment grade titanium dioxide likely to contain any impurities that are toxic?
Wavelengths of the visible spectrum
Solubility in homogenous mixtures of solvents
Magnesium air-fuel cell or battery?
Deciding the major product in this Wurtz reaction
How does the catalyst in a polyester resin or epoxy work?
Calculating the mass of acceptable carbon monoxide in a room
How does Ammonia and water mixture works in an absorption refrigeration?
Free Web-Based Orbital Solver to look into the Walsh orbitals of a perturbed cyclopropane
How to perform solvent extraction of a solid
Why is lithium bromide used in absorption refrigerators?
Can all species that undergo aldol reactions also undergo Cannizzaro reactions?
How does sulfur has atomicity 8
Difference between single point energy and dimerization energy
Can the structure of an azide ion contain a coordinate bond?
How to distribute the Boltzmann energy to internal and external motion?
Why starch (amylose) and cotton (cellulose) are so different?
pH effect in the hydrophobic interactions between two polypeptide chains
How to determine the least stable resonance structures out of a given set?
Do crystals have stronger intermolecular forces than amorphous solids?
Why does phenol not undergo Friedel-Crafts alkylation and acylation reactions, whereas anisole does?
Nomenclature of a cyclohexyl ether and locant position enumeration
Electrochromic Materials, electrode setup
Why are amino acids named amino acids?
The difference between the different types of rhodamine
Which one is the best notation for sodium acetate
Cleaning silver - which method is better?
Pauling's equation on the relationship between Electronegativity and Percentage Ionic Character
What is "Steel Reinforced Epoxy"
Is there a known chemical that makes it possible to control the opacity of a large surface?
What is that process called in which we add water molecules to an ion to form a complex?
Dissociation reaction notation
Alcohol in the bloodstream modeled by differential equations
R32 Space Group (Crystallography)
What is the difference between an amorphous solid and glass?
Advantages of thioesters over esters in fatty acid catabolism
Is there a food-safe hydrophobic liquid with a substanially higher denisty than water?
Activity of different positions in phenol with respect to electrophilic aromatic substitution
Why do we say "approximation" in the dipole approximation in spectroscopy?
What is a kg.cal per gram, as a heat of combustion?
Can someone explain the equation for entropy?
Is there a type of detergent/surfactant that evaporates at STP?
Amending soil pH to change the color of hydrangea flowers
Determination of carbon content of steel by liquid chemistry
Solvent effect on gold nanoparticle and silver nanoparticle in UV spectroscopy?
difference between absorption spectroscopy and extinction spectroscopy
Equilibrium concentration, where does the 5.00 for iron thiocyanate complex come from?
What are the prerequisites in hydrogen bonding?
Is dew and water vapour the same?
Is the para-position of anisoles more reactive than ortho in electrophilic substitutions?
Predicting the products of the radical chlorination of propane
What is CIF (a PCB developer) and what does it do?
Why do soft drinks fizz?
Relation between moles, molar mass and mass
Determining equilibrium concentrations from initial conditions and equilibrium constant
Indirect titration with ascorbic acid
Do we have a reasonable assurance that relative atomic mass is constant throughout the universe?
Cobalt Oxalate / Potassium Permanganate Titration
several coefficient differences in UV-vis Spectroscopy
What are scattering losses?
I need Iron powder. What's the best way to produce it?
Aluminium and water safety
Boiling dish soap
Benzaldehyde and Cyanide - if you can smell one can you smell the other?
Atmospheric Nitrogen gas and human body pH buffers
What is the concept behind the calculations for the dilution of solutions?
Are all homogeneous mixtures just solutions?
Which of the five conformers of propyl propanoate is most stable?
Plastic membrane that lets water in from the outside only?
Identifying organic compounds in Infrared spectrum
Nomenclature of alkoxy and halo groups
How to calculate the mass of iron with a temperature of 325 °C needed to melt ice and raise the temperature of water from 0 to 22 °C?
Palladium Nanocube
How many coordinates should be used for the potential energy surface of a non-rotating linear molecule? (3N-6) or (3N-5)?
Electronic density distribution in hydrogen bond
POCP: How many ozone molecules can be created by one ethene molecule?
Which temprature is taken in Gibbs free energy equation, of the system or the surrounding?
How is dissolving a physical change and not a chemical change?
Is the hybridization only related to atomic orbitals but not to the molecular orbitals?
New finding in cobalt compound that absorbs oxygen - is it really a breakthrough?
Virial equation of state - Taylor expansion
Free software for calculating the net charge of an amino acid as a function of pH?
to convert ppm gas (N2O) concentrations in microgram nitrogen per gram dry soil basis?
Getting the pressure using the equation of states - will the answer be the same?
Reaction of Silicon monoxide with alcohols
What is the bond energy
Why does olive oil make 90 degree grids on a nonstick pan?
Why do 3d orbitals have lesser energy than 4s orbitals in transition metals?
Why does solid phase peptide synthesis (SPPS) always proceed from the C to the N terminus?
Near IR spectroscopy vs. IR spectroscopy
Temperatures Below Absolute Zero
How do I find the empirical formula for Co(C2O4)*H2O with mass of Oxalate and Oxide Product?
Why is change in gibbs energy not zero through the gibbs free energy equation?
Relation Between Degree of Hydration and Electropositivity
Why are so many ionic compounds brittle?
Fundamental equation of thermodynamics for magnetocaloric materials
How does Aloe Vera leave a cool feeling on your skin? Why does it evaporate fast?
Bonds and pairing of spins
Why is cyclooctatetraene non planar but the cyclooctatetraenide anion planar?
Fundamental physical forces behind osmosis
C-N bond lengths in 2-bromo-1,3,5-trinitrobenzene
How can hybrid orbitals be equivalent?
How were old style stereographic structures produced?
Why are real orbitals used to define the orbital of hydrogenic atoms instead of complex orbitals?
Hydration number: Carbonic acid in water
What Causes Atomic Orbitals to Hybridise?
Is there a formula to determine the total number of constitutional isomers?
What is the state of aggregation (gas, liquid) of oxygen in blood?
How to write the last cell reaction for the following cell?
Are PTFE stir bars resistant to all lab solvents?
Cis-trans isomers internal energy
How to calculate mass of nanomaterial grown on a substrate
Why is copper(II) oxide green?
Confusion about direction of dipole arrow in alpha-helices and other molecules
Is 3,5-diethyltoluene an accepted IUPAC name?
Why is temperature constant when an ideal gas expands into a vacuum?
How to calculate the mass of an element in a sample of a compound?
Why not an Avogadro's principle for solid matter?
What is the difference between the KLMN and SPDF methods of finding electronic configuration?
Generating mol files from a molecular structure image?
Sodium by electrolysis through glass
Stability of a carbocation, in part of camphor synthesis
Does acetone eat through Thermoplastic polyurethane and Polycarbonate
Chromatography Separation Quantifying
difference between solving and dissolving something
Empirical and molecular formula
Why is condensation in dyed beverages colorless?
Is it possible to calculate energy of electron in any orbital and atom in Schrödinger wave model theory?
Nomenclature of a poly-nitrile
Is NaCl in water considered "solution" despite of NaCl's having some precipitation?
What is the standard potential of carbon?
Stereochemistry of epoxide hydrolysis under acidic conditions
Does esterification require reactants to be present in the same plane?
Naming of substituted amines and amides
How does an hybridised orbital become unhybridised after bond cleavage?
How does SO2Cl2 react with alcohols?
Why note the solvent level on chromatography paper when it is removed from the chamber?
What factors contribute most to solubility of ionic substances in highly polar solvents, esp. ionic liquids and DES?
Dissolving ability of octane vs nonane on neoprene
InChIKey generation from InChI
Why are 'sec-' and 'tert-' prefixes printed in italics?
Why does hyperconjugation help for ring cleavage?
Regioselectivity in Ziegler–Natta polymerisation of α-olefins
Periodic table groups - which grouping is "right"?
Trend in results for reproducibility of iron and phosphate
3-ethyl-2-methylpentane-2,3-diol with sulfuric acid
Why replace c with v in Broglie hypothesis
Limits on contaminant size in filtration for extraction, and standard alternatives?
Formation of magnesium bismuthide
Reactions involved in Titanium Anodisation
Benzyne formation with Grignard reagents
Why can Grignard's Reagent be stored in ether?
Feasibility of Nucleophilic Substitutions
Degree of association, van't Hoff factor and dissociation constant
How does the stereochemistry of the enolate affect the stereochemistry of the aldol product?
How can rotamers of alpha-keto esters be named to distinguish between different geometries?
What are the differences between diesel and unleaded gasoline?
Relationship between electric dipole moment and polarization?
Deviation of real gases from ideal behaviour
What are good books about MO theory that don't require a lot of math background?
A monocyclic 6 carbon ring with 6 double bonds
Difference between oxygens in a carboxylic acid?
The proper explanation for the general formula of the DU?
PTFE (Teflon) combined with Silicon Polymers
Is the pH of a solution (orange juice) affected by the presence of a metal?
What determines the elastic limit of a substance?
Identifying functional groups
Chemicals in Urinal Odor Eaters
Average or individual molar heat capacity?
Is there a way to dissolve glue?
Complexity in computing the integrals involving higher angular momentum
Electroplating metal inside polymer foam with acetone
Diffusion and potential gradients for two similar atoms
Oxidation of Carbon atom in Alkene, Alkyne and Alkanes of functional groups?
Which mechanics or law is predominately seen on the nanoscale?
Why ginger reacts with sparkling water?
Calculation of fluorescence quantum yield
Which substance has the highest temperature range between melting and boiling point
Does cyclobutanol undergo acidic catalysed dehydration?
Can I successfully use a humidifier to distribute caffeine to wake someone up without the usual morning drowsiness?
Real space term for PPPM vs PME
What is the structure of nitrite?
What makes many water soluble fertilizers blue?
How can I use sunlight to heat a RBF and reflux a reaction?
Calculating Fluoride in toothpaste
Why does acetate aldol with Evans auxiliary give almost no diasteroselectivity?
Boiling/melting points of cyclohexane and cycloheptane
How many electrons can have the quantum number set n=5, l=3, ml=-1?
Shapes of ionic compound
R32 Space Group
Mixing two containers of each water and ethanol to varying degrees of purity
How to reverse damage done by nail polish remover without acetone to a laptop keyboard?
How is spiro[4.4]nonatetraene antiaromatic
Effect of Catalysis on Reaction Rate in elementary Reaction
Why are there peaks in electronegativities in d-block elements?
Search for the last step of an altered Raschig process reaction mechanism
Are the elements lanthanum and actinium considered to be in the d block or the f block of the periodic table?
Questions regarding mol files
Singlet/triplet oxygen cycloadditions
What causes that foul taste with combination of toothpaste and orange juice?
Equilibrium of more than two inter reacting species
Carbohydrate configurations
Is it possible for a group to substitute itself?
Reverse Phase Chromatography
Why is an alcohol proton so shielded?
Why is the IUPAC name of glycerol expressed in the way that it is?
Temperature Dependent Specific Heat of Nitrogen
Unknown Mass in Dalton's Law of Partial Pressures
Negative and Zero Enthalpy?
What are the magnetic quantum numbers for the three real p orbitals?
Can beta D-glucose be present hydrolysate after hydrolysis of cellulose and how can it be converted into alpha D-glucose?
Acid-catalysed Reaction of Ketone with Benzene to Make Benzyl Alcohol
Why is propanoic acid weaker than butanoic acid?
Why is more of a catalyst added, when it is not consumed?
Is the Aufbau principle violated in the diagram (b)?
How to calculate the equilibrium constant for an esterification?
How do I name a molecule with a compound substituent?
Can one relate the frequencies of vibrational modes within a molecule to the molecule's HOMO/LUMO energies?
Calculate the pressure of the gas samples as indicated by the manometer
Is there a selective wet etch of Bi2O3 Bismuth Oxide?
Isentropic Process Nitrogen with Pressure Ratio
Reaction of alcohols with PCl5 and PCl3
What is the major product of the reaction given?
Could milk rust a steel teaspoon?
Stereoselectivity of 1,3-dipolar cycloadditions
Why is gum so sticky and what chemicals make for easy removal of gum?
Are there any early industrial age methods capable of determining diamond or graphite's crystalline structure?
Determining Molecule Based on Proton NMR (HNMR)
Confusion about PCR
Synthesis of phenoxyacetone from phenol
Mechanism of initiation in contact explosives?
Why is Cr(2+) a stronger reducing agent than Fe(2+) in water?
Is there a relationship between London dispersion forces and hydrophobic interactions?
Can molten sugar also rotate polarized light as sugar water does?
Carbohydrate conformations
Skin adhesive that can be used daily without damaging skin
When there is elimination and when there is nucleophilic substitution
Superscript open circle notation in formula
Cold-sensitive magic pen
Why does cationic charge density affect metallic bonding?
Oxidation of alkyl side chain using KMnO4
electronic configuration of lanthinide series
Would polyamide 6 filaments be effected by an acrylic micro emulsion?
What makes a compound a dehydrating agent?
Does caesium or francium have a lower ionization energy?
Is aluminium a metal or metalloid?
Solubility when multiple salts are involved
Strange 1H-NMR signals/signal ratio
What is the formula of bleaching powder?
Why is the maximum adiabatic temperature found for an equivalence ratio a bit higher than 1?
The appliance of LAB in amide reduction
Converting mol files to InChiKey in large batches
Predicting reaction among compounds
Is density functional theory an ab initio method?
Are bond orders always the same in isoelectronic diatomic species?
Esters of catechol - Fries rearrangement
Where can we find the inventors of all chemicals?
Stereoselective enolate formation with different bases: Does the addition of a base NR3 to a ketone affords the cis or the trans enolate?
Is enthalpy of a reaction meaningful at variable pressure?
Why does carbon monoxide have a greater affinity for hemoglobin than oxygen?
Hydrogenolysis of benzylic C-N bond
What are the active ingredients of shampoo, and how do they work?
What makes cola efficient as a rust remover?
Is it possible to calculate specific heat capacity of a compound based on its elements' heat capacities?
In meta hydroxy benzaldehyde which position (w.r.t hydroxy group) is more prone to electrophilic attack?
How to know which atom is the central atom in VSEPR theory?
Why is the principal quantum number irrational?
Trend in the melting point down the group
Maximum Useful Work from a Process
Bond angles for the hydrides
Why do socks stink?
Why does the first lithium stationary state have n = 9/4?
Is ingesting water during swimming harmful?
What causes the old book smell?
Nitrates in water
How Does One Create A Cellulose Ingredient For Use In The Creation Of Glucose?
What is the proper term for lines of constant volume and constant enthalpy on a thermodynamic diagram?
Is turning graphite carbon into diamond industrially doable?
Determining the Equivalence Ratio
Finding large databases of sphere packings
Will oxidation/reduction of copper still occur in an electrochemical cell if it is not in an aqueous environment?
Color of precipitate formed on reaction of acetylene with Tollen's Reagent
Functional Group compatibility in organic chemistry
Why does color of halogen deepens and the boiling point decreases down the group?
What is the chemistry behind smell of human perspiration(sweat)?
Effect of enatiomers in pharmaceuticals
Using equilibrium constant in gibbs equation
Can d-orbitals participate in bonding?
Heat capacity of mixtures
What is the final temperature of each substance upon absorbing 2.25 kJ of heat?
How can glycine act as a buffer at pH 6.00 and why?
What is actually the difference between valence bond theory and molecular orbital theory?
Reaction of 1,1-diphenylethanol on Montmorillonite K10 under microwave radiation
Oxidation numbers
Byproducts in Indigo Synthesis?
Why is 2-chloropropene achiral?
What is the voltage dependence of the thickness of oxide coating through anodising?
Best Fuel for Potato Gun
Electrons jumping from 1 water molecule to another
Is there an A value for the carbaldehyde and vinyl groups?
Difference between ideal & ideal-dilute solution
What are the fundamental parameter by which lubricants are graded?
Can I make my own graphene at home in my kitchen?
Identification of solutions by solubility when mixed with each other
Silicone vs Alcohol
Can ionic compounds can ever "dissolve" as molecular compounds do?
Calculate rate of reaction of a metal and an acid
How is Persian blue rock salt made?
How to know the formula of different compounds?
If a chemical formula for a mineral contains a comma, are there limits on the amounts of each element?
What are actually the differences between Sidgwick & Powell theory and Nyholm & Gillespie Theory?
Generating neat orbitals/surfaces from molden/wfn-files
Attachment of disulfide (protected) thiolated oligonucleotide on gold surface
Why is the resonance concept not required in molecular orbital theory?
How do flavonoids absorb UV radiation?
Trying to Understand Entropy
How to show/represent an ionic bond visually?
Why can oxygen have a coordination number of 3 in a complex between silver and SiO2?
Is there any reaction between amines and AgNO3?
How can I convert the number of particles per liter to gram per liter
How do I visualize an atom?
Chemical incompatibility between aluminum hydroxide [Al(OH)3] and carbomer polymer [-CH2-CH] N-COOH]
Chloroform-acid wash
Reaction between ruthenium and bleach
Radical Computational Calculations
Why is the original Pauling's theory of resonance that uses superposition of wavefunctions not used today?
Discrepancies between smell and taste
Could a magnet pull oxygen out of the air?
What chemicals could be used to repair rubber tires?
What's with the 70% ethanol?
Find number grams of the solute in a dissolution given its density and Molarity
Calculate the molar fraction of a mixture component given only its pressure
Does bleach (without rinsing) leave residues and can vinegar, baking soda neutralize them?
A compound that absorbs all visible light
Getting 3,4-dimethylhex-3-ene from but-2-ene
I need to report MoS2 values from Mo and Sulfur numbers
What is the correct nomenclature for diphenyl methane?
Confusion between bases (not alkali) and other -OH containing compounds
How can we balance one-half of an oxygen molecule, or any other diatomic, in a chemical reaction?
Lemieux-Johnson oxidation on cycles
Are concentrated salt solutions stable over time?
Is NADPH sensitive and unstable in UV light?
Explanation of steric hindrance and existence of PI5
Get the molar mass of a polymer in a mixture given its osmotic pressure
A compound that only absorbs UV-A radiation
Each electron shell can hold up to 2n² electrons. Is there a geometric reason for this?
Molar enthalpy vs Enthalpy of formation?
Units in modified Arrhenius equation?
Can molecular structure be determined without modern characterization methods?
Does Fluoroborate gets used up in Electroplating
Why is sulfur the central atom in the Lewis structure for SO2?
How can I tell if a molecule is polar or not?
Find oxidation number of a metal in a compound
The partition coefficient for a chemical species across a membrane
What color is solid methane?
Selective nitro reduction of poly nitro compounds
Preparing an amine from an azide
Why is tert-Butyl (tBu) often not listed as protecting group for alcohol?
Using vapor mole fraction and pressure to determine liquid mole fraction
Using a modified Arrhenius plot to find activation energy
What are the structures of potassium superoxide and xenon hexafluoride?
How can nitrogen achieve +5 oxidation state?
The Lewis structure for NCO-
Maximum number of double bonds a carbon atom can make
Simple procedure for showing presence of milk proteins in clarified butter (ghee)
Coffee and orange juice concentrations with a twist
Neutralization reaction with insoluble salt (weak acid, strong base)?
Why does hydrogen phosphate act as a base?
What fraction of air gets expelled upon heating an empty flask?
Why do different elements form different types of carbides?
Thermodynamic-Fuel and efficiency
Determine stable oxidation state from Ionization energy
Difference of aggregate and cluster?
Do atoms form either a positive or a negative charge, but not both?
Does ionization energy have anything to do with how reactive an element is?
Why does lithium from the nitride whereas the other alkali metal forms the azide?
Why are noble metals more electronegative then most metals?
Extracting "Crystal Radii" from a CIF file
Does the addition of base to 3-pentanone give the cis or trans enolate?
Yellow color of NaCl
Number of atoms in NaCl unit cell
Can you in reality give neon a charge of +8?
Relation between number of conjugated double bonds and absorbance?
Is there no irreversible way of moving between two equilibrium states at constant T and P?
Making carbon monoxide gas from formic acid and sulfuric acid?
How is the triferric tetroxide of iron possible?
Preparation of sulfuric acid through Contact process
How to find the volume of CO2 formed in the reaction, given volume?
Hybridization of oxygen in phenol
Platinum group metals: Why are platinum and palladium great catalysts and not the others?
How is change in entropy of universe related to the energy released by system that can be used to do work?
How to dispose of pure potassium
Why dishwashers are corrosive to aluminum?
By how many pKa units will the pKa value of a ketone be minimized by addition of a Lewis acid
Why does sodium polyacrylate solidify, on addition of water?
How do you know that Sodium Hydrogencarbonate is amphiprotic?
Is there a gas with metallic luster?
If both nitric acid and nitrate ion are stabilised through resonance, what makes the nitrate ion more stable in aqueous medium?
Bubbles appeared on rubber gloves
What happens when heating water in a pressure vessel?
What's the future of an organic and/or analytical chemist?
Contact explosion of nitrogen triiodide
Synthetic version of foot odor
What makes oceanic desalination so expensive?
Is there ANY chemical that can destroy PTFE, or Teflon?
Are diamonds really forever?
What factors are influencing a woosh rocket?
Correctness of writing H3C as opposed to CH3 in a carbon chain
How to learn chemistry at home?
How to calculate the requirements for completing a reaction
What methods could be used to preserve scorpion venom?
Determine the rate equation (intermediate reaction)
Bulging Li-ion battery – is it an immediate danger? What’s the likelihood of explosion?
Stereoisomers of compounds named tribromocyclobutane
Why is it that the least reactive metals are the best electrical conductors?
Existence of Deuterium peroxide
Physical significance of double-well potential in quantum bonding
Similarities and Differences between Resonance and MCSCF treatments
Defining enantiomer of morphine by R/S designation
Covalent Bonding in odd electron sharing molecules
Difference between catenation and allotropy
Calculating enthalpy per gram mole of oxygen bond in haemoglobin
Could a vacuum airship be possible?
Does the Bohr model violate the uncertainty principle?
Why does zinc sulfide glow?
Why some cloths become rough after drying?
Why does chlorine trifluoride ignites concrete and sand?
Can our chemical elements be differents on other universes?
Why is MP2 failing to calculate proper IR frequencies for [Co(CO)4]- and [Fe(CO)4]2-?
Can you push a liquid and a gas into a container at different pressures?
When Compounds are Considered Compounds and Their Types
How to determine whether a solvent is polar or unpolar?
Electrode Potential Half Reactions
Reduced-pressure (vacuum) evaporation/drying of 15 liters of aqueous solution
Can a reverse osmosis system remove radioactive elements in contaminated water?
What Methods Would I Use To Powder Cotton?
Stability of beryllium carbonate
Why can't LiAlH4 react with alcohols?
Why do BH3 and NaBH4 have different selectivities?
What is the rule for the punctuation marks for a bicyclo compound?
Chemical reactions involved in staining
What are some good references on conductometry as an analytical technique?
Graph of compounds/reactions used on the industrial scale
What is the main difference between Quantum Clusters and Nanoclusters?
Why are the mass ratios of O to KClO3 and O2 to KClO3 the same?
sp2 hybridization Group V elements
Food Grade Sodium hypochlorite decomposition/neutralization
Potential energy Surfaces
Distance weighted interpolation in predictor steps vs corrector steps
Photoconductivity of Selenium
Why do transition metals tend to form positive ions instead of negative ions?
Data repository of organic compounds
Why does hybridization significantly matter for organic chemistry?
Why is tetraamminecopper(II) a square planar and not a tetrahedral species?
Why does attraction always cause release of energy making the system more stable?
How does molecular collision excites the electron?
Period of Vibrational Modes
Is there a way to find the kinetics data for the strong acid weak base reaction?
Does evaporation reverse salt hydrolysis?
Nitrogen and an unknown gas is leaked into a common vessel... The gaseous mixture contains 0.4 moles of nitrogen. Molecular mass of the other gas is?
Potassium bicarbonate or sodium bicarbonate
Determining number of electrons transferred
Seeking titanium compound, melting point <1600 °C, decomposes to TiO
Belousov–Zhabotinsky Reaction
Why can't hot water break disulfide bonds when the energy storage in hot water exceeds the bond energy?
Thermal decomposition of mercury thiocyanate
Constitutional isomers for four carbon thioesters
How big is the gauche interaction of methyl with phenyl in a disubstituted cyclohexane?
Why is lithium plating irreversible in Li-ion cells?
Are biological macromolecules organic or inorganic compounds?
Why is glycol used as an antifreeze?
Where can I find CAD blocks for lab glassware?
Why do toothbrushes have to be dried?
Separating nickel coin into copper and nickel components
What topics to review before starting organic chemistry?
Phlorizin content in grapes
Ag-Sn-Cu Phase diagram to formulate homogenization temperature / duration
Is there any experimental evidence for OClF5?
SN1 reactivity order
Inductive effect of phenyl ring
How can I light a fire in this case?
Improving copper contact and preventing oxidation
Is my understanding of the Frasch Process correct?
How can we tell whether a phenomena was a chemical reaction or not?
Titration of reducing sugars on honey
Why can't I reproduce this photolytic reaction of ferrocyanide?
What are the non-aqueous solvents for sodium polyacrylate?
Synthesis of oxalyl chloride that doesn't involve phosphorus
What is the relationship between the two definitions of the difference between basicity and nucleophilicity?
The reason for bicarbonate acting as a buffer
How can I predict the product of the reaction of 2-methyltetrahydrofuran with HI?
Is There an Acceptable Potential Which Can Represent the Interaction between Finite-sized Ions?
Is there open source software for SEM EDX data analysis?
Free Open Source Gas Chromatography Software
Hybridization of oxygen in Nitrate ion and the location/bond of nitrogen's lone pair
Pyramid Structure Name
Why 4s lose electron to 3d?
Sodium Polysulfide production from NaOH and Sulfur
How are the chemical reactions of the table of standard reduction potentials experimentally determined?
Cyclopentyl to cyclohexyl carbocation rearrangement
What is the difference between electric current and electric charge?
Can ingredients in Tiger Balm cause any harmful effects on PVC figures?
Why are porphyrins colored when porphyrinogens are colorless?
Belousov-Zhabotinsky reaction: questions about rate determining step, k and activation energy
Why soak filter paper in K2SO4?
Why does solvation release energy?
What are the units of 85000 Molecular Weight of a polymer
Correct Electron Configuration of Ni-28
How much CO2 could you remove from the atmosphere with 2 trillion USD?
How to convert ethanal to 2-hydroxy-3 butenoic acid?
How much energy is required to make an ion?
What are all the stereoisomers of 1-ethyl-3-methylcyclohexane?
Mark all stereocenters in ampicillin
Is there any food-safe way to break down capsaicin (chilli) so food is less spicy?
Why atomic masses aren't integers?
R configuration for cysteine
Determining chirality after considering conformational interconversion in a cyclohexane
induction of van der Waals forces
N2O production vs air distillation
percent ionization explanation
What is the difference between infrared action spectroscopy and conventional IR spectroscopy?
Relationship between the first and the second quantum number
Dry Hydrogen Production
Generating Precipitation Diagrams with CompuTherm Pandat
How can I keep milk from spoiling and/or turning yellow?
Do melt flow rate and density tell you everything about pure HDPE?
At what frequency does a non-polar molecule acquire a dipole able to participate in London Dispersion forces?
What is the lethal dose ( LD50 ) of coffee?
What phase of matter is salt when dissolved in water?
protecting contact between aluminium and copper wires
What bond\crystal has the most regular pattern (i.e. least irregularities)?
How can a ketone be enantioselectively reduced, in the presence of an ester?
Can a benzyl ether be removed in the presence of an ester?
Grignard reaction - exchange of groups
Are the tars in cannabis considerably more dangerous than those in tobacco?
Making Liquid CO2
How does Le Chatelier's principle work in a gaseous system?
How does the Kucherov reaction work if the alkyne is aromatic?
Why don't periodic acids convert alkenes to 1,2 diols?
NaOH Normality Slowly Changing
Produce CuCl2 from CuSO4
Confusion with the Periodic Table
Why are covalent bonds directional?
Why do chloride ions not bond to water molecules/hydronium ions when hydrochloric acid dissociates?
Why are there drastic changes sometimes in radius of isoelectronic ions?
Is there an adhesive with an on-and-off switch?
Convert grams of water to steam
How to define a new solvent in Gaussian09 to run SCRF?
Pubchem, InChI, SMILES, and uniqueness
What causes the difference in heat energy released by combustion for the butanol isomers?
Organic solutions that corrode metals
Can I equalise osmotic pressure using two different solutes?
Identifying coordinate bonds
What is the transparent film that covers water-soluble dishwasher tablets?
Finding rate of reaction from a concentration vs. time graph
Does imidazole and hydrochloric acid yield imidazole hydrochloride salt?
Where can I obtain research material on the synthesis of polypyrrole?
Is there a relationship between viscosity and enthalpy of vaporization?
Why is SiO2 a solid while CO2 is a gas?
Which element has a greater second electron affinity, sulfur or oxygen?
Does battery self discharge when connected?
What are the products of a reaction between copper sulfate and sodium bicarbonate?
Analytical solution of the Schrödinger Equation for AB^+ systems
kinetic reaction rate greater than extent of reaction for equilibrium
What is the favoured geometry of chlorine trifluoride?
What does a change in temperature do to the concentration of gases at equilibrium?
How to Convert Sucrose to Glucose and Fructose
Why is microcosmic salt called so?
Calculating Molar Volume from crystal volume
How could a rechargeable battery recharge itself?
Finding average half life of radioactive nuclide which undergoes two different decays
Modeling of photocatalytic and photoelectric devices on a macroscopic device level
What is the cause of hygroscopy?
How does the following work in Alkyne?
Do aromatic dienes undergo the Diels-Alder reaction?
Can aluminum and hydrochloric acid be used to generate hydrogen gas?
What is the stochiometric equation of the sucrose and potassium chlorate reaction with sulfuric acid?
How Many mL of 1.0M HCl Would be Required to Completely Decompose Sucrose into Glucose and Fructose?
How are solubilities of hydrate salts determined when competing equilibria are unavoidable?
ASTM Viscosity Index Formula/Table derivation
How to classify the hydride shift in the following diazacyclopenta[cd]pentalene system?
Why is the formation of double helix between non complementary sequences disfavoured?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
Do Slater's rules apply to neutral lithium (at least approximately)?
Do electrons in covalent bonds always obey the octet rule?
How does the acidity of soft drinks not affect certain drugs, such as opiates? What about drugs and stomach acid?
Molecular differences in the HB graphite hardness scale
Few basic questions about ionic bonding and batteries (lead)
What happens when two nitrates react with each other?
Why does concentrated HCl fume?
Le Chatelier's Principle and Rate constants
Ideal Gas Equation Contradiction
Confused about writing out electron configurations
Numbering heteroatoms and groups in benzene derivatives
Quenching rates in nucleation MD simulations
Is it possible for monobasic and dibasic potassium phosphate to complete break down into phosphates?
Guess the shape and phase of the MOs of butadiene using LCAO and Hückel's method?
Do ion-exchange resins soften water through a kinetic equilibrium process?
Electrical properties of 2D materials
Reaction between a vinegar/salt/hydrogen peroxide mixture as an etching solution and copper
Why is it possible to use lipids to recover diamonds in mining?
Relationship between vapour pressure and saturated vapour pressure
What is the degradation mechanism of pyrrole?
Trying to understand SMILES(?) patterns
Why do ionic compounds have higher melting and boiling points despite having smaller radii?
How does oil on the surface of water prevent rust?
Why are the atomic radii of iron, cobalt, nickel, and copper almost the same?
Understanding a chemical reaction from kegg
Best Guide to Chemical Thermodynamics
Does the Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution apply to gases only?
Do Chemists "discover," "invent," or "create" things?
Difference in acid strength of oxalic acid and malonic acid
Why does a mixture of siloxene and cerium(IV) sulfate luminesce?
Is there a definition of rotatable bond?
How to measure resistance of a gel electrolyte using a multimeter
Do any substances work like consumers of hair moisturizer believe it to work?
Can you predict the resistance of conjugated polymers as a function of degree of polymerization (DP)?
How long would it take to dissolve someone using fluoroantimonic acid?
Does the delocalization of p-orbitals ensure conductivity?
Beryllium hydride violates the octet rule
Why does Mg react vigorously in NaCl solution and less so in water?
Does relative amount of lithium and cobalt oxide change in recharged battery?
Diazo transfer to 1,3-dicarbonyl with tosyl azide
Does Temperature Affect Rate of Reaction of Electrolytic Cell
Why does RCN attack the benzene ring in Hoesch Reaction?
Assigning locants in halo alkanes/alkenes
Calculated 13C NMR Shifts of brominated Carbons
Is 44.5 mg/L a measurement of weight or volume?
Organic conversion: benzene to 1-bromo-3-iodobenzene
Container to supercool water
Density of non-ideal vapor mixtures
How to recognise the significant figures in given input values for the calculated output value?
Preservation and bleaching of sliced mushrooms with hydrogen peroxide
% Fe in a sample
Alternative to water as solvent for lithium metaborate?
Does sodium produce water when it reacts with water?
Molecular orbital (MO) diagram for N2 and N2^-
Why is HF the least acidic hydrogen halide?
Electron's Energy In The Atom
Periodic Trends of Zeff and Electronegativity
What happens to iron(III) sulfate (ferric sulfate) in aqueous solution?
Why does density decrease across the period 4 and 5 transition metals?
What is the density of carbohydrates/protein/fat?
What is the reason for the acidic character in phenols?
Is the density of the solution significantly different from the density of the solvent?
In an O-H bond, will polarity increase/decrease if some of the electron density on the oxygen atom is reduced?
Properties of plasmas
Pepper escaping soap on water
Why is BCl3 a monomer whereas AlCl3 exists as a dimer?
Which is the correct name: 2,3-dimethyl cyclopentene or 1,5-dimethyl cyclopentene?
What alcohol concentration makes bathroom cleaner "disinfecting"?
How would I find an apporpriate dopant element for a lattice
Why are the reactants in the solubility product constant multiplied by their coefficients and raised to the power of their coefficients?
Can we determine the amplitude of vibration of O-H bonds in water?
Is the absolute temperature concept 100% viable?
Effect of quantum tunnelling on chemical reactions at very low temperature
Why does equilibrium exist?
Are common names of substituents accepted by IUPAC?
Calculating Entropy
Determining percentage of copper in brass
pH of sodium metasilicate anhydrous vs pentahydrate when dissolved in water
What is the parent chain in a hydrocarbon with two different rings?
How to stop goggles from fogging?
Solution for storing a glass electrode
Is hydroboration a pericyclic reaction?
Why does lactose-free milk last so much longer than regular milk?
Why is the cathode reaction required in a fuel cell?
Reverse-Engineer a material
Fermi Level of an alloy
Curious precipitate from substitution reaction
Relationship between dipole moment of a molecule and electronegativities of constituent atoms
Baking Soda + Citric Acid + Water = CO2, how much though?
Calculating Gibbs Free Energy
Are decomposition and dissociation reactions the same?
Deducing compounds from spectroscopic data for isomers of formula C4H8O
Why are rates of reaction faster for ionic compounds than for covalent compounds?
Orbital correlation diagram for the cleavage of cyclopropylmethylene carbene
How might ammonia be created in this mechanochemical reaction?
Storage issues with o-phthaldialdehyde (OPA) reagent used to derivatize amino acids
Is there a soluble salt, or compound that when dissolved in water results in a solution with density less than pure water?
The Salt Room, is there salt in the air?
How to find the concentrations of the acid-base equilibrium between sulfuric acid and sulfur dioxide for a known pH using Octave?
Identifying lone pairs when looking for formal charges
Why do ligands have such a small effect on overall absorption of a complexed ion?
Overpotential for photocatalytic water-splitting with TiO2
What happens if you cool water in a container too small for it to freeze?
Is the redox method applicable to all chemical reactions?
How to produce dry pure oxygen
Making Cast Iron from Pig Iron
Is there a specific chemical property or concept that explains/predicts the triboelectric series?
Why use potassium iodide instead of copper iodide in Sandmeyer reaction?
Is 1-methoxy-2-methylpropane a positional isomer of 2-methoxy-2-methylpropane?
How does the electronic configuration for this acid oxide correspond to its structure?
What is the rationale of the IUPAC name for DDT?
Why is the pKa of the thiol group in N-acetylcysteine higher then the pKa of the thiol group in cysteine?
Lithium batteries a reality - why not sodium, pottasium batteries?
What reaction occurs when soaking a piece of meat in apple cider vinegar?
Identifying the number of bonding and lone pairs without a dot and cross diagram
Why is sulfur dioxide more stable to UV radiation than ozone?
Alloys/metallurgy : promising elements for for Sn-based solders
Keeping one component concentration constant and varying another in a solution
Plasma creation and condensation
Why do we not see silicon in a structure like graphite?
How determine the number of significant figures of a feet/inch system?
What is the geometry of an alkyl radical?
What makes an X-ray machine's white photographic film go black?
Comparing bond lengths of a molecule using valence bond theory?
Freeze distillation: Does efficiency depend on solubility?
Geometries of methyl and silyl radicals
How are chemicals prilled?
Can carbon have quadruple bonds?
Why are the plastic balls used to reduce evaporation in this reservoir black instead of white?
Is sodium percarbonate artificial?
Making a non-CN dissolved gold solution ideal for electroplating
Routes of formation of esters with highest yield
How do we identify left handed and right handed crystals?
Oxidation of acetic acid in wine?
Are bulkier molecules more likely to react?
Miscibility of Molten Metals
Acid Accident Treatment
SN1 (lim) and SN2 (lim)
Palladium catalyst
Bromate forming in open water
What do these mineral classification symbols mean?
acids, bases, salts, etc
Determination of brominated aromatics by 13C and 1H NMR spectroscopy
How to calculate the amount of water produced by the incomplete combustion of propane?
Can acid concentration be determined from Ka values in a titration?
Cleaning stains with hydrogen peroxide and bleach
Spectrophotometric determination of copper concentration
Carbon/Silicon pentacovalent intermediate during substitution
Molecular formula of a hydrocarbon
A thorough benchmark of DFT functionals without dispersion corrections
Reduction of butadiene with Na/NH3 - stereoselectivity
Gibbs energy and chemical equilibrium : false proof of spontaneous generation, but why?
Is methoxide a better nucleophile than hydroxide?
Can the steric nature of a carbon be quantified?
Experimental melting-point of Arm-and-Hammer sodium bicarbonate is remarkably high(?)
Can a high-spin complex be diamagnetic?
Using helium to make home brewed beer
Exceptions to the Madelung rule for electronic configurations
What is the difference between wet paint, dry paint, and in between those stages?
How do I find the expiration time of drug in the following example?
Which alkene has a higher Cahn-Ingold-Prelog priority in (2Z,5E)-hepta-2,5-dien-4-ol?
Approximating strength and hardness of alloy
Electroplating reaction
Why does SO2 have a larger bond angle than H2O, H2S, and NH3
Why are alkanes also called paraffins?
Safety/health hazards: working with 2-aminobenzimidazole, iminoesters, and 1,3,5-triazine
What typically happens to H2 molecules released into atmosphere (with no spark source)?
Why some materials are transparent, but other ones aren't?
Why are (3-methylbut-2-en-2-yl)benzene and (3-methylbut-1-en-2-yl)benzene not stereoisomeric?
Derivative of Gibbs Energy wrt Temperature at constant Internal Energy
Types of bonds in a molecule
Does a gold detector exist?
Mechanism of carboxylic acid and amide dehydration with phosphorus pentoxide
Precipitate Sodium Hypochlorite from tap water before distillation
How is the unit of measure "equivalent" abbreviated?
Rate of exothermic/endothermic reactions
Understanding Gibbs free energy
Mechanism and type of polymerization of chloroethene
How does water defy gravity in paper towels?
How does repeatedly freezing and thawing antibiotics decrease their antimicrobial effectiveness?
Synthesizing 2-methyl-2-butanol
Do (simple, inorganic) salts ionize completely in water when they dissolve?
How to remove tap water hardness?
1H (proton) NMR spectra for alkanes
How long does it take to change states of matter?
How do I store HCl safely?
Why does decreasing the distance between the electrodes in an electrolytic cell increase the rate of electroplating?
Correct flask for reacting and distilling on hotplate?
How do I calculate how much sodium hydroxide I need to add to get a new pH?
Checking if it is a redox reaction
pKa values for protonated nitrogens in ketoconazole
What is the correct structure for sulfur dioxide?
Physical intuition behind negative values for wave function?
Yellow stains after cleaning silver
What are analytical expressions for the isothermal change of Gibbs energy?
Are photons ejected from atomic nuclei?
Confused by Alternate Names
What is the difference between reacting and dissolving?
What's the reaction type of the Hydrogen shift?
Does oxygen catalyze the decomposition of sucrose?
Why is acidic hydrogen peroxide a potent oxidizer?
How can I synthesize an (E)-configured enone using the Wittig reaction?
What makes water a liquid (when it is)?
Calculate molar mass of a compound from a given molecular mass
Hydrogen bonding
I drink city water, city has lead pipe, how is this safe?
Atmospheric carbon removal: asphalt from CO2?
IUPAC name, phthalic anhydride
Calculating pH: Weak Acid, Strong Base
Calculating [HI] given Kc, [H2], and [I2] for the reaction 2HI <-> H2+I2
IUPAC nomenclature: putting the number before or in the middle of the name
Find the stoichiometric coefficient of a reactant given Kp, Kc, and the stoichiometric coefficient of the product
Why are there only 7 types of unit cells and 14 types of Bravais lattices?
What results from combining monopotassium phosphate, magnesium sulfate and calcium nitrate?
What are the intermolecular and intramolecular forces between Hg molecules/ atoms in liquid mercury?
Get K for a weak acid equilibrium when given the ionization percentage
How to find the amount of moles given mass percentage data
How to determine the strongest oxyacid of chlorine?
Is Hexafluorocyclohexane the "Most Polar" Small Molecule?
Is white phosphorus really a cool burning fuel?
Bond angles in BrF5
Why is HCl used in hydrolysis of sucrose?
How to control and vanish termiticide/pesticide fumes from room
What is Enthalpy?
Physical Interpretation of Gibbs Free Energy
Why is Cubic closed packing called "cubic"?
Cinnamaldehyde listed as (2E)-3-phenylprop-2-enal , but is the first 2 redundant?
Equation for reaction of tin(IV) and iodine to produce tin(IV) iodide
Why is C=C launching electrophilic attack on Bromine instead of the other way round?
Combining amphetamine and MAOIs
Does Cute Poison actually work?
The density of Nitrogen at 0 degrees Celsius and 1 atmosphere is most nearly equal to which of the following quantities?
Regarding the mechanism for biological activity of tyramine, amphetamine and ephedrine
Why the bond angle of PH3 is lesser that that of PF3?
Uniform circular motion of electrons?
Why are potassium organic salts ever preferable to the sodium equivalents?
Diethyl Ether reaction mechanism
Justification for Freezing Point Depression & Boiling Point Elevation in Solutions?
Chemical Equillibria Comparisons
Oxidation of Carbons
Where did the description that acids are sour and bases are bitter come from?
Why does hydrogen fluoride have a boiling point so much lower than that of water?
Iron chemistry: acetates for ebonizing wood
Could sodium fluoride or aluminum accumulation in soils contribute to increased amounts of palmitic acid in food?
Liquid nitrogen to cool liquid?
Can the hydroxyl group of 4-hydroxybenzoic acid react with phosphorus pentachloride?
Frequency of Mpemba Effect
Find the Structural Formula of Hydrocarbon Compound X
Misconception? "That gas is heavier so it sinks."
The pentagonal pyramidal structure of XeOF5-
Is there a way to make long delay ink?
Green color substance forming during electrolysis
Carbidopa : zwitterion
Relative strength of metal hydrides as reducing agents
Does the aluminium chloride assay (Ordonez et al.2006) for total flavonoid content work on coloured extracts?
Why don't gases escape Earth's atmosphere?
Finding structure of a compound given its reactions
How can 32 g of Gatorade powder contain 33 g of carbohydrates?
What bases are fit for human consumption and can be used in foods?
Relative strength of desiccants
Ligand Binding Paradox?
Diluting a sodium chloride solution with specific glassware
How to obtain nitrogen using only homemade utilities?
What are the effects of Lithium Dioxide on the body?
What Affects Tm and Tr In Chromatography?
Evaporating water from a combination of dietary minerals: will it work safely or react?
Why is the inductive effect for a protonated amino group greater than that of a nitro group?
Is the axial position more suited for a lone pair or an electronegative element?
Which element should be placed in axial position bulky one or the smaller one?
Compare ONO bond angle in nitrogen oxides
Glycine nucleation simulations
Is so called "Polymerized LiNb (Lithium Niobocene)" a possible compound?
What is an "attack" in Organic Reactions?
Changes in freezing point of sodium acetate
Aromatic substitution
How can I test if a spirit (tequila) has oxidised?
Covalent bonds other then 2-center, 2-electron bonds
Hard-hard and soft-soft acid/base interactions
Using AC voltage for electroplating
What prevents self-condensation in the Perkin reaction?
Why is the acoustic absorption coefficient of hexane in air less than air?
Thermal stability of charged and uncharged alpha helices
Why are isotopes of hydrogen the only ones with special names?
Which gas among radon and hydrogen chloride has higher ideal behavior?
Methyl Iodide synthesis
Removing harmful gases from automobile exhaust using electrostatic precipitation
How can I- be both a nucleophile and a weak base?
Why is trans-cyclooctene chiral?
Does precipitated copper carbonate contain impurities
Which graph shows Chemical Equilibrium?
Is a supersaturated solution still a solution?
Variation in atomic sizes in the transition elements
What causes incomplete combustion?
IUPAC name for 1,2,3-trichlorocyclopropane?
What is the reason for the anomalous electronic configuration of palladium?
Is Hydrogen Bonding a Type of Dipole Dipole Interaction?
Percent concentration of 500 μM of H2O2
Are all higher cycloalkenes chiral?
Do more double bonds cause a bigger number of stereoisomers in cycloalkenes?
How can I measure the amount of CO2 in grams in a known volume of soda based on its weight?
Steps in mechanism of pyruvate dehydrogenase
What is a food-safe level of exposure of plastic containers to heat?
How do scientists count the exact number of electrons, protons, neutrons in the atom?
Work Done Upon Molecules
Cooking with vinegar and lemon juice (Carpaccio)
What type of hybridization does phosphorus have in P2O5?
Can rocket candy explode during the preparation?
The conversion of energy during electroplating
How do things glow in the dark?
Program to convert WFN-file to Molden
Molecules made of molecules?
Combustion without hydrogen
How much does a light heat the air around it?
At what point does Avogadro's law not apply?
Why is this named incorrectly?
Can we have Aromatic rings in a non-aromatic structure
Calculation of the lowest energy conformation with a webbased solution or freeware
Regioselectivity for electrophilic aromatic substitution with multiple strongly electron withdrawing groups
Why do Zr, Sn, and Ti enolates form syn aldols selectively?
Calculating the pH of a highly dilute solution of HCl
What advantages does the mole have over counting large numbers using SI prefixes?
Name the following coordination complex
Mass percentage of potassium chlorate in decomposition reaction
Are long oxygen molecules possible?
Which are the appropriate washing solvents for gas chromatography equipment?
What angle limits should apply to Graham condensers?
Why does phosphorus give a free electron in silicon doping?
Solubility of Gold in low concentrations
When do one have to actually calculate the net charge of an amino acid?
Why does water spills on our shirt change its colour?
Mixing 1 cubic meter of HCl and NaOH: Temperature rise of a metal container?
Formalin fallen out of solution
Do only metals form ions?
Why is CO practically nonpolar?
Aromatic Elimination Addition
Spontaneity of reversible reactions
Comparision of molarity vs normality
Why does the Birch reaction not yield fully saturated products?
Reading enthalpy of mixing graph
Electric field required to split water into oxygen and hydrogen
Addition of inert gas to equilibrium mixture under constant pressure
What closure relations can we use in molecular modelling?
Acidic strength of oxides of nitrogen
Is it wrong to call carbon dioxide "methanedial"?
Are all carbohydrates a subset of alcohols?
Why the H+ ion remains with the molecule even though there is no bond between it and hyperconjugative structure?
Why is the bond order of CO+ 3.5?
What does a square mean in a chemical formula?
Why must the movement of electrons through the wire be balanced by a movement of ions in the solution?
Energy in molecules
Is there a certain amount of titrant that is ideal?
Why is the amount in a mole equal to the Avogadro's number?
How to calculate concentrations in a diluted mixture of multiple solutions?
Paper Towel Soaked with Isopropanol/Water Mixture Burns without Damaging the Paper. Why?
How to test for heavy metal in water?
Just how quantized are energy levels?
Can Fuel Exhaust Be Recycled
What are positive and negative voltage?
How do Electrons Cross Nodes in Orbitals?
What is the conjugate acid of NaOH using the Brønsted-Lowry definition of acids?
Why do iron(II) ions and chromium have different electronic configurations?
Good measures ot atomic size
What is the oxidation mechanism of gunpowder?
How to calculate the composition of a borate buffer with a defined pH using the Henderson-Hasselbalch equation?
Reactivity of propellanes
Hydrogen visible transitions
Any chemicals combines readily oxygen?
Why is the ideal gas law so ubiquitous?
How to calculate the Gibbs energy for the vaporisation of solid ammonia?
What is the correctly diagrammed electron probability distribution for p orbital?
Why doesn't every pure enantiomer racemise?
Better functionals to work with transition metals
Why there is an exception in melting and boiling point in p block?
NO2 gas was detected in FTIR
Interaction between Ozone and Carbon Dioxide
Why is there a sudden drop in the concentration of ammonia in this graph?
What is the state of the oxygen free radical in the following reaction?
Nucleophilic Addition of Hydrohalic Acids
Does fumaric acid form maleic anhydride upon heating?
What property allows ozone to absorb uv light
Flavor components of high end vodka?
Axial or planar chirality in spiro[3.3]hepta-1,5-diene
Aldehyde and ketone nomenclature when aldehyde/ketone group is bonded to an alkyl group
Urea-Formaldehyde cleanup
Why does Stokes raman not relax to the ground state while anti-Stokes does?
Why is zinc sulfate used in daniell cell
Identification of types of alcohols
Can a tertiary enamine tautomerize to an imine?
Distribution of acid in Organic and Aqueous Phases
Calculating Enthalpy Changes at Different Temperatures
Hydrolysis of Radiolabeled Esters
Kinetics and Half Lives Using Pressure
How is 12M of sulfuric acid in 1 L bottle 72% w/w?
What happens if a buffer is made up with only half as much NaH2PO4 compared to Na2HPO4?
Most stable conformation of aldehydes and ketones
Something about the idea of Molarity is confusing me
How to convert ethanol to 1,1-dichloroethane?
Why don't electrons pair in [Fe(NH3)6]2+?
Second attempt at constructing a chemical equation for tin (IV) iodide
Naming convention for graphs?
Why is benzyl alcohol a slightly stronger acid than cyclohexanol?
Methods to prepare lactic acid from acetaldehyde
In Water Solution will there be an interaction between Ozone Gas and Carbonic Acid
Tollen's Test and Werner's Theory
What causes the "white water" smell?
Lab safety - Long vs. Short Sleeves on Lab Coats
Does Photoelectric effect occur in a micro-oven while heating food?
What are the products of the Grignard reaction with methyl-magnesium iodide?
Determining reaction formula from optical absorption graphs
What happens when acetone reacts with hydrogen cyanide?
What is the difference between convection and conduction?
If you can smell something does that mean that this thing loses molecules?
How to prepare glacial acetic acid from sodium acetate?
Raise the pH of a solution and prevent build up of carbonates
Titration of H3PO4 and H2SO4 with methyl orange and phenolphtalein as indicators
Mechanism for oxidative cleavage of tertiary alcohols by NaOCl
Mechanism of reaction between substituted aniline and potassium thiocyanate in presence of bromine and glacial acetic acid
Why does soap reduce surface tension of water
Calculating concentration of dissolved ions
Is water stream deflecting in an electric field really based on water's polarity?
Accurate textbook about synthesis of (organophosphorus) chemical warfare agents
Does alcohol hydrogen in the enol tautomer of a β-dicarbonyl have sp² character?
carbon electrodes have potential difference even with no electrical input?
How to name tricyclo carbon compounds?
Experimental Validation of Schrodinger's Electron Cloud theory
Can I use a Liebig condenser for condensing sulfuric acid?
Iron(II) oxide on stainless steel?
Does H2O2 break down into H2O + O or H2O + O2?
How to inhibit Mn2+ autocatalysis in the oxalate-permanganate reaction?
Why and when are bonds broken
O-N-O bond angles in oxides of nitrogen
How to predict the effusion/diffusion for a mixture of gases?
Iron (II) dioxygen reaction mechanism?
How are partial molar Gibbs excess functions correctly defined?
Molecular Orbital Sequence
Detecting fake gold
Good software to perform simulations on polymer (absorption spectra)?
Why is Ionization Energy definition restricted to gaseous atoms?
How is Negative Temperature Hotter than Infinite Temperature?
Synthesis using Cationic Hetero-Cope Rearrangement
Why the "Diverse Ion Effect" increases Ksp?
Derivation of buffer capacity
Storage life of 3% hydrogen peroxide
Do polymerized cooking oils release free radicals
Why does zinc plate copper in silver penny lab
Freezing all the water on earth with a seed crystal
Why does ice freeze the way it does?
Does dissolving salt in water change the pH?
Ether nomenclature: Oxygens on alkyls and alkyls on alkyls
What is the difference between an element and an atom?
Why is sodium sulfate a neutral salt
How to find the number of stereoisomers of a tetra-substituted allenes, exhibiting both axial and central chirality?
Titration of H3PO4 with NaOH
Are bisulfates and bicarbonates soluble in water?
Calculating change in enthalpy of combustion of 1.12g of hexane
Is there a generic graphical language to represent chemical reactions?
Titration of alpha-amino acid with strong base
Water Droplet permeability through Graphene Oxide
Bond Dissociation vs Hess' Law Enthalpy
Dissolve/alter cellulose properties for printed circuit boards
Why is a bridgehead atom bearing a negative or a positive charge unstable?
How can I use this chart to determine anion of precipitate?
How to determine the number of stereoisomers of a di-substituted allene, exhibiting both axial and central chirality?
Resources where I can find approachable applied literature to understand general chemistry topics?
Concentration calculation?
Propose a reaction mechanism that explains the rate law?
Charles's Law confusion
How to balance more complex redox reactions?
Replacement for cyclohexane
How does the "kreosan" Coca-Cola rocket work?
Is liquid oxygen non flammable?
Why molten lithium burns through the glass but sodium not?
Does the shared electron in Covalent bonds revolve around nucleus?
How do meth lab test kits detect the presence of a meth lab?
Redox Reaction Equation with elusive oxygen
Name for HxOy compounds?
Does an electrically conductive gas exist at room conditions?
How can it be proved that (S)-bis-[2-(t-butylsulfinyl)phenyl] diselenide is a chiral non-racemic product?
Relative levels of the two most prominant glutamate species at pH 4.7
Water molecule bent shape and electron configuration
food grade diatomaceous earth
Chemicals that Can Sterilize Males
How to evaluate the heat of formation with computational chemistry?
I have 1 litre of water at 45 °C. How long would it take to evaporate when ambient temperature is 25 °C?
What kind of structure could give you a HNMR spectrum consisting of a singlet integrating to 5 protons?
Why doesn't my stainless steel Thermos get really really hot?
Azo coupling with arenediazonium salts - why isn't nitrogen gas lost?
What does my textbook mean by saying this about petroleum?
How to light a candle with small amounts of safe to use chemicals?
Why is there a subtractive volume correction in the van der Waals' equation for real gases?
Why is sodium chloride edible whereas both sodium and chlorine are highly reactive?
How to find the number of atomic microstates for a given electronic configuration?
Sodium phenoxide bonding
Which of the following have the same molecular formula as the molecule shown in the model?
Is heating dilute HCl dangerous?
How to esterify phenol with oxalic acid?
Does oxygenating tap water remove the tap water flavor?
what is difference between H+ and proton
Assuming ideal gas behavior, how can I tell when the change in enthalpy is equal to the change in the inner energy?
What happens when butane and methane both absorb 100 J of heat?
Copper and hydrochloric acid
Why CCl4 does not dissolve in water while SiCl4 does?
Master equation for catalyst and substrate binding?
Total pressure in a chamber calculation
How to separate sodium iodide dissolved in water?
Why must both the critical temperature and pressure be exceeded to achieve the supercritical phase?
Butler-Volmer equation with concentration dependence?
Is there any difference between de-Broglie wavelength and the wavelength of normal waves?
What is the known cheapest chemical solution to extract CO2 from air on industrial scale?
Crystal field splitting pattern with strong field and weak field ligands
What does the acid do in this reaction?
what makes an acid a strong acid or weak acid?
Internal Standards
Structure of KC8
Does adding lemon juice to water chemically alter its nutrients and thereby negating any of its health benefits?
Dependence of the rate of a catalysed reaction on substrate concentration?
Instability of heavy hydrides
Wave and particle properties of protons and electrons
Olfactory Receptors Bonding with Organic Material
Vacuum distillation apparatus selection and configuration
Urban air pollution and the smell of freshly cut lawn grass?
What structural property creates stickiness?
Why does mercury form polycations?
What is the balanced equation for the reaction of potassium permanganate, iron sulfate, and sulfuric acid?
Why doesn't silica gel dissolve in ethyl acetate
Sulfur trioxide and barium hydroxide
Quantum and organic chemistry of vitamin D synthesis
How does aluminium amalgam work as a reducing agent?
What happens to the complex part of the wave function when doing LCAO?
Why does my blood taste like rust?
Nomenclature of compounds by the IUPAC
Is it possible to use Vmax as Kcat in a Michaelis-Menten reaction?
Why will internal energy decrease in this reaction?
Formulas for non-bonded interaction energies
Why does pouring soda slowly and smoothly seem to keep more of the carbonation?
How to refer to this method of mixing solids?
Choice of base for malonic ester synthesis
Why should space whisky taste different to Earth whisky?
Alcoholic KOH mechanism with alkyl halides
Is a highly oxidized element more electropositive than a lesser oxidized counterpart?
Chemical or simply a physical reaction? coca cola + liquid propane
Does the ignition point of flammable substances changes when provided a pure oxygen atmosphere?
Can you fix rubber on a handle after it has all but turned into a liquid?
Distinguishing metals from nonmetals?
How can diamond have a fixed refractive index?
Is the change of the Gibbs free energy always zero (at constant pressure)?
Can benzene form catenanes?
Why do elements change their colour in reactions?
Negative oxidation states of Si
Calculating Concentration of H+ Ions
Does Copper reacts with Sodium Sulfate solution?
Do enolates get protonated at the carbon or oxygen atom?
Final concentration of stock solution upon dilution
Could the net equations for burning hexene be used as a means of energy source?
Which base is stronger? Ammonia of phosphite?
Why does cooking oil lower the vapor pressure of water?
Find ΔHr for HCl + Mg Reaction
Thermodynamics, pressure volume work
Work done by the System
While filling liquid oxygen into a tank, why do they do open one end?
Justify the value of the product of the uncertainty in position and momentum
Sp5 hybridization in cyclopropane?
Is the Gibbs standard free energy always constant?
Why can't helium nuclei (alpha particles) react with fluorine?
Colour intensity of transition metal complexes
Ice under very high pressure phase transitions
Why is lutetium part of the lanthanide series?
Guidance on Jacobian computation for stiff chemical mechanisms
What's the difference between ΔG° and ΔG°'?
why does milk of magnesia have an expiration date?
Cinnamaldehyde -> trans-3-phenylprop-2-enal
Basis for the hydrophobic effect?
Probablity distribution of bend angle in gromacs
Structure of Buckminsterfullerene
Flow cup viscometer vs rotational viscometer: limitations and use cases for each
Resources for learning Chemistry
Calculate how much hydrogen or oxygen will be produced in the electrolysis of water
Osmotic Pressure
Geometry of AsF5 molecule
Equilirium mixture of nitrogen dioxide and its dimer
Is phosphorus trichloride really a stronger Lewis acid than antimony pentafluoride?
Points needed to come up with a calibration curve
Need to dissolve glue placed intentionally in a lock
Why does Brady's reagent include sulfuric acid and methanol?
Would the density and radius of your metal appear to be higher or lower if you forgot to tap the flask to release air bubbles?
Why does electronegativity create a stronger acid, but so does greater electron distribution?
Titration of magnesium sulfate with potassium permangante
Skipping the defatting stage in extraction of alkaloids
Molecules aren't the same as atoms?
What does the "s" mean in s-cis and s-trans conformations
How does the equipartition theorem apply to vibrational modes?
Is silicon oxide=rock?
Nomenclature priorities with ethers, acyl groups and ketones
Ordering the activity of metals
Calculating solubility in water with other species present
(Energetics) Potential Energy and Kinetic Energy
Stability of carbocation intermediates: secondary alkane versus primary allyl?
Forming magnetite on cast iron pan
Atomic emission spectra: classical vs. quantum mechanics
Speculation about chlorine dioxide isomer
Standard hydrogen electrode, why hydrogen?
Sulfur hexafluoride creation process and risks/safety
Why is the electrode potential of copper positive when hydrogen is more electronegative than copper?
Stereoelectronic effects in carbamate carbonyl oxygen attack on halide
Why "RCA clean" solution has to be prepared every time (and not stored long-term)?
Why Fe 3+ is more common than Fe 2+
Is there a way to make a liquid cold by a chemical reaction?
Why highly unstable cyclic boron compounds should be stabilised by two electron reduction?
Sublimation of Iodine
What is the appropriate sizing for fiberglass compatible with polyamide?
Why do some elements such as polonium not follow the trend of decreasing atomic radius?
What are the most extreme chemicals?
Confused about carbocation stability
Na Cl battery within Zn Cu battery?
What current and voltage are best for electrolysis rust removal?
How do I calculate the cost of a single Aluminum atom?
Creating small amounts of cellulosic ethanol from bamboo
Would it be correct to say that ozone is an element?
What is the highest known bond order?
How much heat is required to raise the temperature of 230 g CH3OH(l) from 22.0 to 30.0 ∘C?
How do I build a thermochromic thermometer?
Why is carbon monoxide stable(compare with other flammable gas) in room temperature?
mechanism of mechanically triggered explosion
Weight Percent of Solutions Given Without Units
How do I find the diameter of an aluminum atom from its density and atomic mass?
How quickly will steel lose structural strength from a heat flash?
Why does dry ice "dissolve" so quickly in water?
Internal treatments of gas cylinders for toxic gas mixture
Does pyrite retain the magnetic properties of its element iron?
Have Mossbauer spectroscopy on 67Zn ever been used to study Zinc containing enzymes?
Why is the van der Waals coefficient b equal to four times the volume of the particle?
What is the nucleophile in alkaline hydrolysis of a haloalkane?
Create combinatorial library of biologically plausible chemical compounds based on library of known compounds
Distinguishing pentanol isomers in 13C DEPT NMR spectroscopy
Pubchem: list all compounds for which Kovats retention indices are available
Iodine clock reaction
Will adding up protons and electrons (without neutrons) create a new element?
Density of wooden materials
What is purpose of sulfuric acid in iodine extraction?
What is the significance of the "Standard Temperature" in Standard Enthalpies of Formation tables?
Name of the substance on which water cannot stay?
Is Alkanol an official part of chemical Nomenclature?
Converting hydrogen to methane
Calculating bond dissociation enthalpy problem confusion
Cheap silocone casting resin (1 or 2 component resin)?
Can linear SOCl2 exist?
Colorless nature of carbonyl complexes
Cell voltage required for refining copper
What is difference between intramolecular redox and disproportionation redox
Do entropy changes have an equivalent of bond enthalpy?
Difference between 'homogeneous mixture of several chemical compounds' & 'non-homogeneous system'
Demonstrational smelting iron
What are the volumetric thermal expansion coefficients for butyl acrylate and methyl methacrylate monomers?
CuCl via electrolysis of HCl
Does "parts" mean molar or mass?
Difference between dissociation energy and dissociation temperature for water?
Does CDCl3 also Knock People Out?
Is there any molecule visualizing software for Python?
How is it possible to dissolve zinc oxide safely for skin use, preferably without acid?
How to get meniscus down to the calibration mark with a volumetric pipette
Volume of products - stoichiometry
Structures for NO+ (Nitrosonium)
Molar heat of reaction for water in a neutralization reaction
Naming Ionic Compounds with Transition Metals
Chemical Test for tin
Can calcium hydroxide + sulphuric acid be a way of preparing insoluble calcium sulphate?
How to calculate the number of water molecules of a hydrate based on mass loss upon heating?
What is the name of the compound Sc(HCO2)3?
What type of glass are Pasteur pipettes made of?
Why grain boundary is reactive to acid?
Molarity of Sodium Ion Concentration (and some really weird answers...)
Why does oxidized copper become green?
Why do electrons need to be paired?
What are the effects of the repulsive forces between electron on the potential energy graph for the dihydrogen molecule?
Concept of Bomb caloriemeters
Determining k value of a Reaction
Will the ions in salt bridge be used up?
How to find the number of hydrogen atoms in 0.5 mol of hydrogen gas?
Why does the chlorination of indene occur with syn selectivity in heptane?
How do I calculate the color of a compound?
Le Chatelier's Principle: Temperature dependence in endothermic and exothermic (Chemical Equilbrium)
Plot Binary Eutectic from Temperature of Melting and Enthalpy
When you fill a bath, Is it different that you fill it directly or non-directly?
Is buckminsterfullerene aromatic?
Bonding between rings and iron atom in ferrocene
Using sigfigs when measuring with an instrument with marks other than powers of ten?
How to predict a good resonance structure?
Are there general rules for Base + Metal Compound reactions like there are for Acids?
Burns from boiling water and steam
Biodegradation time for biodegradable shopping bags?
Do carbon monoxide and graphene oxide react?
History of octanol-water partition coefficient
Difference between ionization enthalpy and work function?
Why is ATP, but not ADP or AMP, a sole source of energy?
Energy a system at room temperature can supply?
How to write the balanced equation of the reaction of potassium nitrate, carbon, and sulfur?
Why are the C-C bonds in benzene closer in length to double bonds than single bonds?
Is Potassium Silicate better than Sodium Silicate (water glass) in a refractory?
Can you call a table frozen?
What happens when 3-(2-chlorophenyl)propanenitrile is treated with sodium amide?
Saturated and unsaturated elements?
Gas expansion through adiabatic turbine
How to connect proteins via disulfide bonds computationally?
Can all compounds that plants and animals produce be synthesized in a lab?
Naming functional groups in a molecule
Why using smaller portions are better for extractions
Products of silicate synthesis
Enthalpy and Internal Energy for Isothermal Expansion
How to reduce Fe(III) impurity in Iron(II) sulfate?
How to calculate atomic number of an atom when wavelength is known?
Determine if two molecule structures are the same molecule (perhaps in different conformations)?
What will the results be if I electrolyzed brine with these materials?
Propagation of the uncertainty in measurements
Is there a non-violent, practical way of making hydrochloride with only Hydrogen and Chlorine?
Stability of ortho- and para-hydrogen
Is there a relationship between an electron's energy and its distance from the nucleus?
Determine polarity of covalent bond with formal charge
Can I identify an unknown substance measuring density and calomimetric data?
Is there a way to concentrate the vitamin content of a particular food?
Why do silver nitrate and sodium hydroxide react to produce silver(I) oxide?
Is there any law for pH conservation in chemical reactions?
Reaction of Diazonium salt with Grignard reagent?
Final concentration calculation
Why aren't resorcinol and catechol classified as dihydric alcohols?
Why is helium a liquid at absolute zero?
When can a molecule be considered freely rotating at room temperature?
Is my reasoning for resonance structures correct?
Concise description of primary organic reaction types mechanisms
What causes methane to have 25 times higher global warming potential than CO2
Tensile properties of cellulose fibres
p-value for ions in a solution?
What does all chromatography have in common?
How to calculate the boiling point of a solid substance?
Which metal hydroxides are soluble?
How does solubility of corrosion product affects rate of corrosion?
Why are alkali hydrides strong reducing agents?
What is the internal energy at constant pressure?
Is it possible predict the oxidizing/reducing nature of a compound?
Why does Avogadro's Law hold true for ideal gases?
Is this representation correct although it seems to show a pentavalent carbon?
do strong bonds have lower energies?
Meaning of the 1s orbital diagram
Entropy Change for mixing water at two different temperatures
Minimum amount of water in pressure cooker
Why elemental carbon is solid?
Nomenclature of cycloalkane with substituent having the same number of carbons
Resonance Forms in Electrophilic Aromatic Substitution
Bond angles in sulfate
How do we determine if some metal will undergo passivation under suitable environment?
What is the role of a monochromator in AAS?
Binary phase transition boiling rate
Do Acids/Bases undergo dilution/bio-degradation when exposed to air?
Why does tea dissolve better when put in water rather than milk?
Why do that ligands approach along axes, raise energies of orbitals pointing away from those axes?
Chemical consideration of biodegradeability
Is there a potentiometric method for monitoring salt formation in organic solvent?
How are the 4 molecules of O2 bonded in the O8 molecule at low temperature and high pressure to form a rectangular box structure?
Optimal CFM for kerosene to burn?
Change in spin angular momentum during transition in one-electron atoms
Does combustion occur more easily at higher oxygen concentrations or just higher oxygen partial pressure?
Why does p mean −log(x)?
How do water insoluble medications get absorbed in the blood stream?
Enthalpy of formation and bond energies of CH2(OH)2?
How does valency change in a reaction?
Inert in Cathode when Electrolysis
Why does butanoic acid have a higher boiling point than isobutyric acid?
How does crystal field stabilisation energy relate to the stability of a complex?
Equivalent weight of metal problem. (With metal sulphate)
Must compounds formed between solids be a solid as well?
How to use the Nernst Equation
Calculate water hardness from grams of CaCO3
Calculate the amount of energy released when 500 cm³ of methane gas at STP reacts with excess air according to the equation:
Calculate the mass of butane gas that would be needed to heat 724 cm³ of water from an initial temperature of 7.44 °C to 50.7 °C
Molarity is dependent on temperature?
What is the justification for Ligand Close Packing Model?
Fractional Distillation
Solutions of several salts
Line of maximum density in liquids
What does the "h" "k" and "(5.2.2.02,6)" mean in Dibenzo(h,k)-4-oxatricyclo(5.2.2.02,6)undec-8,10- diene-3, 5-dione
Hill system with isotopologue
Best Method To Make Large Graphene Oxide Sheets?
LiOH base ionization reaction
Hybrization of H in HNO
Bisulfate vs Bisulfite to neutralize off gassing in paint
How to determine force constant of C-C bond in ethanol?
Bends in cis Isomers
Oxalate ion dentiticity - why is it bidentate and not tetradentate?
Reaction of CaO with C
Carbonyl oxygen as nucleophile
Does calcium carbonate remove calcium from our bones?
Hydrogen phase transition
Can water volume reduce with introduction of another chemical
Calculate concentration gradients in FPLC
What equipment to use to make liquid oxygen?
Why is H3PO2 more acidic than H3PO4?
If you are given ΔH for this reaction which occurs at constant pressure, what additional information you need to determine ΔE?
Enthalpy Change
QMOT | Orbital mixing in methyl
Separation of 2 compounds ( Powder )
If a conductivity meter is calibrated with aqueous standards, can it be used to measure the conductivity of an organic-based solvent system?
At what temperature will 6 grams of KMnO4 saturate 100 grams of water
Reaction of Cu in hydrochloric acid bath with exposure to air over several months?
Water extraction of ethanol from petrol
Understanding the energy produced from oxidizing 1 kg of lithium
Do ALL conversion factors have an infinite number of sigfigs?
Recovery and Disposal of Unknown Copper Compound
How are subshells and shells arranged in an atom?
Calculating molecular weight of an acid based on titration data
Why do triple bonds have a low NMR value?
Difference between reversible and irreversible processes
Is melting of Tar for road construction a reversible change?
What is the difference between "molecular mass", "average atomic mass" and "molar mass"?
pH of bleach solution slowly decreasing?
Why is nitrogen dioxide (NO2) brown?
Which of the following is the more stable carbocation?
Do vinyl cations adopt a classical or non-classical structure?
Which singlet dihalocarbene has the strongest carbon-halogen bond?
Finding partial derivatives for an ideal gas and van der Waals gas
Sodium chloride + sulfuric acid
Why does density increases when adding nanoparticles in a mixture of water and some clay?
Effect of incorrect volume reading on calculated density value
Deriving the buffer formula
What makes most all-carbon materials so strong?
Which material would work best as "sacrificial material" for melting aluminum powder in a kiln?
How to obtain barium hydroxide
Reversible and Irreversible adiabatic expansion
Why does H bond to S in HSO3?
Analytical Chemistry Textbook Recommendation
Is there a way to experience peppers’s endorphins effects without the burning sensation?
Why do we excite electrons before hybridisation?
Density of saturated n-octane in air at 300 K?
How to minimize surface adsorption by choice of material?
why is molybdenum a much stronger magnet than chromium
Dichloromethane solubility in water
Does the electrochemical series reverse in electrolysis?
How to identify the reduction in a given redox equation of iron chloride and chlorine?
Predict flame test color?
Combustion properties of Dimethyl Ether
Double bond formation in alkenes during cracking
Why can't element with paired electron have colour
Is it possible for Cu to reduce Cu2+?
Orbital mixing in square planar D4h complexes
Why would phosphorus pentoxide be called 'phosphorus(v) oxide'?
Tele-substitution mechanism
Looking for an isomerization reaction that involves a color change for classroom demonstration purposes
Do coefficients matter in rate law?
Why do self-replicating molecules dissociate?
Why does ammonium carbonate smell?
Negative charge of orbit
Coordination compounds with alkene ligands
How fast does MgSO4 absorb water from the air?
pH calculation - adding distilled water after titration
Why does acid react with skin
How could I find the solubility of hydrocarbons such as iso- and n-Butane in liquid Methane?
Why is the combination of hydrated aluminium oxide and magnesium hydroxide used to treat heartburn?
Why do transition metals form particularly stable complexes?
Original concentration calculation homework
Zwitterion (amino acid) equilibrium and the equilibrium constant
what is the reaction between copper and an acid
Can nitric acid be used to create an acidic medium for redox reactions?
Structure of Benzyne
Is there any explosion hazard with an enclosed graphite crucible melting silver?
Is it possible to make a fuel cell that runs on triglyceride?
Rounding significant figures
Do hydrogen peroxide stabilizers affect oxidizing ability
Molar concentration calculation with absolute uncertainty
Converting a PDB file to XYZ file
How to predict one equilibrium constant given two others?
Is graphene a polymer?
How does the Lennard-Jones potential relate to energy?
Why does rain have that smell?
N-alkylation of amides with alkyl halides?
Why can NCl3 be hydrolyzed but CCl4 cannot?
Why don't polar and non-polar compounds dissolve each other?
How high is the variance of the shore D hardness for a synthetical resin?
Do we neglect the temperature changes during a reaction while calculating delta(H)?
Resin curing and adhesion materials
Origin of diastereoselectivity in Simmons–Smith cyclopropanation of allylic alcohol
Nomenclature of tetrahydropyran ring
According to a condtion for tautomerisation to take place , what does one mean by, A-H bond should be in conjugation with polar pi bond?
Does the temperature during this reaction remain constant?
What is the best Electronegativity cutoff for my calculator?
Stability of furanose vs. pyranose form of glucose?
How does absorption spectroscopy work?
Is this reaction with H+ and OH− a possible reaction?
What's causing my plastic fork to break?
Are there any substances that react very slowly with water to create heat?
Using gas laws to find density
Why does electronegativity increase as effective nuclear charge increases?
What metals can be melted inertly in alumina crucible?
Predicting amounts of reaction products
Calculating volume of gas produced
In the condensation reaction of an aldehyde with a hydroxyl amine, why is an oxime formed and not an amide?
What is the difference between steric strain and torsional strain?
How do you find the change in internal energy (q+w)?
Difference between state of matter and phase
Questions about van't Hoff factor in colligative property
Ion pair definintion in chemistry
Reactivity of chlorobenzene and benzene in electrophilic substitutions
Why are chlorides, sulfates, and bicarbonates of Ca and Mg solely responsible for the hardness of water?
Qualitative Analysis for Chemistry Project
Why do we use external pressure to find force exerted by gas on a piston in a closed vessel during its expansion?
How do you know when the first compound is completely distilled and how do you know when the next compound starts
Weighing reaction mixture
Medicine and chemical density related
Transition metal and complexation
How to remove Ethanethiol from household natural gas?
The Krieger-Li-Iafrate Approximation
What is the use/function of lithium chloride as an excipient in sofradex eardrops?
Electrolysis of auric chloride solvent with different metals in anode and cathode
What is the pKa of the second ionizable group?
Calculating the pH
Nucleophilic attack by bromine?
How can I dissolve copper but not zinc?
Reason for isotropy in amorphous substances
How to purify volatile haloalkanes prepared by Darzens halogenation?
Calculating partial pressures from mixture of gases
Is it possible to make deuterated organic compounds?
Significance of sign of standard reduction potential
When expressing a quantity, do the non-significant figures determine whether you round up the last significant figure?
Why is quickly cooling a a hot pan bad for it?
Using Le Chatelier's Principle to explain why percent dissociation of acids/bases increase with dilution
Fractional vs Simple distillation
Do you refer to a bonded atom as an "ion"?
Ice + steam → water
How to tell which atoms are sp3 hybridized given the structure of a molecule? Confused specifically about given diagram
Does milk drinking prevent long-term chemical poisoning?
Qualitative Analysis of Different Cations
What other intermoelcular forces can exist between neutral molecules?
What is the role of CH2Cl2 in the Criegee reaction?
What is the mechanism for reduction of alkylmercuric compounds by hydrides?
Electrons flow difference between circuit and electroplating process by considering battery's positive and negative side
Regioselectivity in electrophilic aromatic substitution of benzofuran and indole
If no oxygen is present, will cut avocados stop browning?
Stereoisomers of Hexachlorocyclohexane
Anomalous Friedel–Crafts acylation with pivaloyl chloride
What is the mechanism by which lactones are hydrolyzed during a Wolff-Kishner reaction?
Calculation of overall rate constant of a parallel reaction
Filling up of electrons
Predicting isotope patterns in mass spectrometry
Filling up of orbitals
How are odor and electronic structure related to aromaticity?
Find the major product when Benzoquinone reacts with HBr
Determining the reaction order of acetylsalicylic acid to salicylic acid with a spectrophotometer
How do biochemists seperate nucleotides from DNA to add to the PCR
Clarification on Recrystallization concept
How to remove dichlorometane from water?
Solubility in carbon tetrachloride
Is that true that if we reduce the Cl in water will reduce the saltiness of water?
Rotational Barriers - Amide and Hydroxamic Acid
Best way to remove Aluminium from "silvered" glass?
Chemical bond at Aluminum / Aluminum oxide interface
Need 28% acetic acid from 98% glacial acetic acid
What is the role of acid in keto enol tautomerism
Why PI3 is not used in HVZ reaction?
Dissociation constants of oxalic acid
Basic and nucleophilic character of NaOH (aq)
Is it possible to have electric field in water without having electrolysis?
reference or data on internal hydrogen bond strength
What is the mechanism for the reaction of acetyl chloride and aniline?
Is there air in the volume of crystallized sodium hydroxide?
how to store solvent in laboratory?
How many atoms of helium are in the chamber?
How do I calculate the grams of a product after a reaction?
Get the molar mass of an unknown liquid in a dissolution
Gibbs Free Energy and ATP
Getting the molality of a solution given molarity and density
Converting Disolved Oxygen from micromole/L to millimole/kg
Why does it not matter what mass of NaOH is used to solve for q?
Conformation identifying cis and trans
By what mechanism do acids deprotect primary silyl ethers?
How is a carboxylic acid acidic?
Can I extract water from diethyl ether to get anhydrous diethyl ether?
Why does technetium not exist in nature?
Micelles absorb fat, is there an adjective for this?
Why is there no neutron in protium?
Hand Sanitizer Chemical Changes
Definition of Electronic energy
Syn-addition or anti-addition to fumaric acid?
How are pi-orbitals delocalized in a porphyrin chain?
Non-bonded orbitals in water
Why is the inversion barrier larger in PH3 than it is in NH3?
Why we make pyrogallol alkaline to absorb oxygen?
Why is it possible to image LUMO if these orbitals are, by definition, unoccupied?
Why is boron trifluoride a lewis acid?
Intermolecular Forces for Ionic Compound?
What is the explanation for this stereochemical product?
Why is the sneaky method of smothering a grease fire more effective?
How is hyperconjugation into antibonding orbitals stabilizing?
Determining solubility of silver sulfate in its saturated solution
Convert Concentration (particles/ml) to (mg/ml)
What do the molecular orbitals of a single water molecule look like?
Organic Chemistry Inductive and Basic effects
Work done by an expanding gas, how to solve this particular example?
Stoichiometry consumed/generated
Vapor pressure and boiling point for solutions in open containers
Is a quinone ring aromatic?
How to find sulfites in dried fruits?
Guidelines for Solubility in Water of Organic Compounds in Relation to Carbon Chain Length
Hamiltonian for a two electron system
Is 2-oxobicyclo[2.2.1]heptan-1-ide resonance stabilized?
Is a pyrylium ring aromatic?
How could chlorine dioxide be stabilized in aqueous solution?
What is a sigma complex?
Why do we take the compressibility factor equal to one when graph is plotted?
Is the heat of reaction always negative?
Calculate the pH of a solution after dilution?
Spectroscopy and Excitation of Electrons
Bromination of alkenes
Caffeine dissolution
Green Tea and Caffeine
How high in (mmH2O) is the column of water in the tube?
How is this sugar classified as an aldose?
Is a polycarbonate beer mug appropriate for serving alcohol?
Convert benzene to isopropylbenzene
Simple practical, non-toxic, non-flammable reaction for slow release of CO2
Why is the total number of electrons in a neutral carbon atom different from the number of dots in a Lewis Dot structure for carbon?
How to calculate bond angle of simple molecules quantitatively?
Chemical expression and terminology
Why shouldn't lithium batteries be discharged below 50%?
Significant figures addition vs multiplication
Does Reverse Osmosis remove elemental ions from water?
Why NaBH4 does not reduce carboxylic acid while LiAlH4 does?
Does nitrogen inversion affect the basicity of amines?
Reaction of citric acid and calcium chloride
Determine the order of the reaction, and the value of the rate constant. Predict the concentration of AB at 25s
Bond length comparison between two carbon atoms
Melting and boiling point comparison
Why do metals form ions in solution?
Does solid aluminum oxide conduct oxide ions at high temperatures?
Does freezing tights make them more durable?
Phosphoric Acid Titration
Potassium tert-butoxide reaction with chloroform and picric acid
What are some sources of error in the preparation of a standard solution (of sodium carbonate) and a titration (determining the concentration of HCl)?
Why won't ethene and ethyne react with halogens?
Change in pressure?
Determining pressure of sublimation of iodine
Is it possible to disable the splash screen of ChemDraw?
Hydrogentaion of alkenes in absence of catalysts
How to determine age of stones (and other inorganic matter)?
What is the difference between reactant and reagent?
Why are aromatic compounds so stable?
Why are trifluoromethyl diazirines so stable?
Determining the equation of state when given thermodynamic relations
Lithium-ion batteries
How is the mol highway used in this problem?
Lemon Battery works on water?
Electrode/solution interface : What's the difference between the electrochemical Peltier heat and the heat caused from the overpotential?
Find the displacement of mercury in a vertical tube
Why iron reacts differently with concentrated and dilute sulfuric acid?
Causing a metal or glass marble to float in an aqueous solution
Effectiveness of Grignard reagent
How do electrolytes work?
Why does equilibrium favour weak acid or weak base?
Why does the $V_{\mathrm{max}}$ of an enzyme not change with competitive inhibition? Shouldn't it decrease since there are fewer active sites?
IUPAC nomenclature
High quality phase diagram for ethanol
proving an unknown organic compound using reactions
Is it possible that atoms with 120 protons are possible, but that atoms with 119 protons aren't possible?
Fluid Separation
In the Wittig reaction, why do stabilised ylides produce E-alkenes and unstabilised ylides produce Z-alkenes?
Wood Hydrolysis
Determine the mole fraction
Hydrates In Aqueous Solutions
Effect of substituents on aniline C-N bond length
Axial vs equatorial attack of Grignard reagent on dioxan-5-one and dithian-5-one
Determining the voltage of a cell
Do you know a simple fast front-end MD software for OS X
Finding partial pressure of a gas in a mixture
Why are glycosidic bonds always 1->4 in polysaccharides?
Finding the mass of NaNO3 in original mixture from preciptate
Finding moles of water evolved
Thermochemistry Problem - How did they get that volume?
How does a water molecule bond to an anhydrous salt to form a hydrate?
Zn-Cu galvanic cell
On the notion of a component in thermodynamics
How to prove that the orientation of the atomic orbitals in the superposition $\psi= a\psi_{1} + b\psi_{2}$depends on the coefficients $a$ & $b$?
IUPAC naming of double salt
Mass number, (relative) atomic mass, average mass
Pressure in Ideal Gas Law
Formation of polymers - addition polymerisation
Why is phenyl weakly activating?
What role does sulfuric acid play in the titration of oxalic acid and potassium permanganate?
How to prepare iron(II) carbonate from iron(III) chloride?
Why are the d-orbitals so named?
Inductive effects of halogens
Why laboratory glassware shatter in big pieces?
What is the correct way to draw the end groups of polylactic acid?
Suitable solvents for column chromatography
Shock induced illuminated material
Trigonal bipyramidal arrangement with 2 lone pairs
Can you extract specific compounds from infused oils?
Using Cv For Non Ideal Gasses
How to determine and derive the protonation state of a functional group based on its pKa?
Is there an agent that changes colour when exposed to air?
Does the electrolysis of water produce chlorine gas?
Calculating Delta H for Non Ideal Gasses
Why does chlorine oxidise iron to iron(III), not iron(II)?
Finding the equilibrium concentration of a reactant 'A'
Stereochemistry of product in Diels-Alder reaction
Are a meso compound and its mirror image isomers?
Why does magnesium oxide not react with water?
Are Organic Solvents used in Addition Reactions catalysts?
How to sequester Na+ which prohibits the formation of a micro-emulsion in solution
Trying to understand the statement: 'Resonance is not a flickering between the contributing states. '
Find the order of acidic strength
pKa of Tris corrected for ionic strength
Why is the radius of hydrated Na+ greater than that of hydrated K+?
interpenetrating polymer network (IPN)
Why is gold so popular in nanotechnology?
What to do when there is an odd number of valence electrons left on the the central atom?
pH meter and paraformaldehyde
Is there a quantum chemistry package which calculates a second-order wavefunction?
What would one have to do differently if they used NaMnO4 instead of KMnO4 for redox titrations?
How to measure the percent weight of NaCl in a potato chip
Why don't Schools follow latest IUPAC for naming groups?
Teaching: Two elements that make XY2 and XY4 molecules
How is (SO4)^2- Charged if S and O all are Neutral Themselves?
Work in free expansion
Entropy of universe for non spontaneous processes
How to control the purity and quality of fatty acids or their CoA thioesters?
Name of round piece of glassware with thin neck?
The weight of a 2cc glass pharmaceutical flame sealed ampoule?
What do positive, negative and zero overlap of atomic orbitals mean?
What is the purpose of froth in washing clothes?
Does PO3- exist as a free ion or in a cyclic/linear polymeric form?
Why is honey more viscous than water?
Difference between precipitation and crystallisation
Elucidating reaction mechanism and purpose
Can a brine water electrolysis be looped?
Is xenon electropositive in compounds of xenon?
Constrain bond angle In Gaussian molecular structure optimization
Cahn–Ingold–Prelog priority of carboxylic group versus ortho carboxylic acid
What type of reaction is the reaction between an acid and a carbonate?
Why does O2NCl only have two resonance structures?
Best way to prepare reference crystal structure with a given force field
Calculating reaction enthalpy given other reactions
Structure diagrams indicate plausible structures?
Hydrogen displaces lead?
How is a molecular orbital a 'quantum superposition' of the atomic orbitals?
What would be the state of water in interstellar space or vaccum?
What is this piece of glassware called?
Difference in calculated pH and the real pH of a phosphate buffer?
Why does the energy difference of a reversible process not equal that of an irreversible process in an adiabatic expansion?
How can the gauche-effect be explained?
Does benzene's resonance structure allow it to enter DNA?
Comparing C=O bond length in CO2 and CH2O
What causes the yellowing of the linear alkylbenzene (LAB) cocktail?
What temperature is needed for carbon monoxide to reduce iron oxide?
What is this Lab equipment?
Mathematical proof of ΔQ=ΔH at constant external pressure
Possibility of R-Si-OCH3 reacting with alkanol group in polysaccharides
Does a Na2SO3 solution oxidize to Na2SO4 in an oxygen rich atmosphere?
Rust removal with phosphoric acid created more rust
Is there any porous material that can have narrow parallel and "perfectly straight" cavities/holes through it (or bored through it)?
Are there more positive azeotropes than negative azeotropes?
Why does shampoo lather much more the second time it is applied?
How to determine the calorimeter constant from its heat capacity
flory ( or theta) temperature
Does Intercalation and Deintercalation of Lithium ions occurs in Half Cell?
Active transport of Ca2+ ions against chemical and electrostatic gradients, assisted by ATP hydrolisis
Is there a consensus how to report coupling patterns greater than quartets?
Kinetics of air evolving from water on heating
Rushed publications based on flawed data
Making elemental sulfur from pyrite FeS2
Using covalent or ionic radius when calculating dipole moment
Principles of Thermodynamics
Can I melt Barium Titanate powder into a cylinder and preserve the high dielectric?
Can calcium carbonate scorch in a pan?
Hemp and Cotton
Vaporizing NOx (NO and NO2) with hot metal?
H NMR of 4-chloroacetophenone
Relationship between Productivity and Yield
I forgot the basics of writing equations, or maybe it is not me?
Can SLES get too old?
Naming the spin system present in ethyl butanoate
Hybridization, MOT and Paramagnetism
Why do noble gases like Xe and Kr form compounds, despite offending the octet rule?
How to find out the energy gained from hydrolysis of Dimethylsulfoniopropionate?
Difference between starch surfactant and CTAB, SDS, Tx-100
Can anyone give me detailed logical solution to my questions?
Rendering and visualization of orbitals of an atom?
PV=nRT approximation on other planets?
Is it incorrect to use Fisher Projections for carbons that don't have stereocenters?
Does an increase in pressure necessarily lead to an increase in temperature?
How to Find the Mass of an Individual Element in a Compound/Molecule
Creating Pi Molecular Orbitals from P Atomic Orbitals
Titration curve of strong acid with strong base
Nitration of aromatic compound with alkyl substituents
Titration of hydrochloric acid with sodium hydroxide
Mechanism for chloromethylation of benzene with formaldehyde and HCl
What is the first organic compound to be discovered ? Urea or alloxan?
Why aqueous ammonia is added to glucose solution to determine optical rotation?
How to eliminate electrostatic charges from titanium dioxide powder
Can chemicals be identified by their molar mass?
Memorizing polyatomic ions? Using Periodic Table
What are the rate laws for each elementary step?
What is the enol form of 4-methylcyclohex-2-en-1-one?
Difference between calcination and pyrolysis
Six independent papers reporting epitaxial formation of silicene in 2012
What accounts for the high spin state of the complex Tris(acetylacetonato)iron(III)?
How to distinguish between a coordinate bond and a covalent bond?
Is this problem doable with the information given?
Calcium chloride hexahydrate has separated in jar - is it beyond saving?
Does trans 1,3-dichlorocyclobutane have zero dipole moment?
Irreversible process (Isothermal and Adiabatic)
Radiationless energy transfer: how to arrive at the equation that give R0 between two chromophores?
How to calculate the radius of gyration (Rg) and the molar mass from light scattering data (Rθ and θ/degree)?
Dipole moments of pyrrole and furan
Trying to understand the necessity of orbital approximation or the independent electron model
Refractive properties of materials?
How many valence electrons do elements in the d block have?
What is the industrial yield of paracetamol?
How to calculate the volume of a 0.1 M NaOH(aq) solution necessary to make a 0.5 M EDTA solution with pH = 8?
Adding powdered Pb and Fe to a solution
If I want to sample rate constants of chemical reactions, what the distribution will be appropriate?
Reaction of one mole of (PO4)3- with one mole of H2CrO4
Why Atomic size decreases left to right in a period in MPT?
Which element is undergoing oxidation in the combustion of methane?
How does one solve the following differential equation (mass balance equation)
Does aniline breakdown in groundwater produce benzene
What assumptions underlie Hess' law and and its analogues?
Metallic bonding and covalent boding
Kinetic theory of gases
Does adsorption occur between liquids?
Is the 'sweat' on the side of bottles distilled water?
Electronegativity comparison of group 13 elements
How to do complexometry titration of calcium oxalate?
Are the Phosphate and Sulfate ion diagrams with double bonds an invalid picture?
How do polymer properties change when moving from bulk to nanosized fibers?
How to estimate the equilibrium constant of the reaction between NaF and HCl
Does aluminium dissolve in soda glass?
Explanation of calculating equilibrium constant
Definition of the B3LYP functional in common QC programs
Buffer capacity of different types of milk
Why anhydrous acetic acid is differentiating solvent?
Shelf Life of Methylcyclopentadiene
Detect the presence of non stereochemically annotated atoms in mol files
What is more reactive towards a cyanohydrin formation an aldehyde or an Ketone?
Nucleophilic attack at a carbonyl - angle of attack
Destabilization of antibonding MO vs stabilization of bonding MO
Increase in equilibrium pressure when removing products
Alternative Program for Orbital Population Analysis
What exactly is an orbital?
Is my textbook using the law of partial pressures correctly?
Partial hydrolysis of aluminium chloride
Why are tertiary carbon atoms of polymers more prone to photo-oxidation and -degradation?
How to assess the strength of the acid?
Energy of eclipsed and staggered conformations of ethane and propane
Why the boiling point decreases with increase in branching in alkyl groups?
What is an example of a biodegradable polyethylene?
Curious about the chemistry of Carbon-14 after it's produced in the atmosphere
Polycarbonate resistant to chemical
Calculate the equilibrium constant
Which part of the reaction of potassium with water releases more energy?
Custom-defined functionals in Gaussian 09
How exactly does the reaction between alkyl halides and silver nitrite occur?
Calculate the partial pressure of NO2
Confusion on enantiomers and meso compounds
Mass Spec - What could a loss of 28amu as the first fragmentation be?
Concentration of dissolved lead(II) bromide
Finding equilibrium constant from standard free energy
What are the steps to integrate the common rate law to find the integrated rate law for any order
Why and how does carbon hybridize itself according to its need?
Discerning Sodium bicarbonate
Stoichiometry in Gas-Solid Flow System
Intensive properties clarification - Chemical thermodynamics
Why does latex tubing become white and brittle over time, especially where it's bent?
Sulfuric acid fumes from cleaning shower drain
Is it possible to recycle an alkaline battery?
Why is peanut butter viscous?
Physical Meaning of the Difference between MO and VB Wave Function of H2?
Why don't substances have a condensation point?
What are examples for state functions?
Entropy of mixing
is my reasoning for enantiomers/meso compounds correct?
is this the proper identification of this cyclic molecule?
Group 13 elements reactivity with halogens
Phase subscript for supercritical reagent?
Using CIP rules in a bicyclic compound with carbonyl subsituent
Better solvent for KCl than water?
Is every substance in equilibrium with its vapours?
Validating a method to meet accuracy criteria using precision and accuracy?
Why is starch insoluble in ethanol?
How can I tell if a liquid is (not) emitting light?
Is there a better way balancing reaction equations than systematic trial and error?
How to calculate and denote small uncertainties?
why maximum (w/w) percent concentration of commercial acids is same to their molar mass?
Protons and the Heisenberg principle
What is the physical quantity/magnitude of pH?
Why don't we have hyperconjugation with C-C bonds?
How many grams of sodium sulfate and water in 100ml of 0.5M solution
How do I find the rate constant when I only have product concentrations?
Uncertainties after Averaging Trials
Does H2CO3 exist in solution?
Calculating binding energies for excitated levels in potassium?
What's the pKa (range) of a carbonyl functional group?
How does the solvent determine whether mono- or tribromination of phenol occurs?
Effect of Temperature on pH of Water
Why is urobilin yellow?
Water: What to use H3O+ or H+?
Do hydroxymethyl-substituted cyclopropylmethyl cations undergo ring expansion?
The usage of 'limiting composition'
Temperature dependence of reaction enthalpy
How many stereoisomers of 1-methylidene-2-(4,4,6-trimethylhepta-2,5-dien-1-yl)-1,2-dihydronaphthalene are there?
How to quantify the amount of paracetamol present
Percentage error. How to find percentage error?
Enthalpy of mixing in a regular solution
Stereo selective reaction products
Difference between chemical potential and gibbs free energy
What is the rate law for this reaction?
Can the change in internal energy be nonzero if temperature is constant?
Why do closo-boranes have a 2− charge?
Difference in work done by a gas in reversible and irreversible isothermal expansion
Why does DMF (dimethylformamide) have 3 peaks in its 1-H spectrum?
Is it harmful to mix Hydrogen Peroxide with oven cleaning spray?
What is the mechanism for the double bond migration in 4-methylcyclopent-2-en-1-one?
Negative Ohm reading from a Electrochemical reaction?
How to interpret the rate constants of in-vivo racemization of thalidomide?
Why is carbon dioxide gas used in soda?
Explain the enolisation process of 5,8-dihydroxynaphthalene-1,4-dione
The IUPAC name of sodium nitroprusside, and back-bonding in it
Why is there a need of polar coordinates to solve the Schrödinger wave equation for the hydrogen atom?
Rusting without water?
How to calculate the mass of magnesium necessary to produce a certain volume of hydrogen gas?
Why is the smell of car exhaust much stronger in winter?
What happen to the Salt in Water Electrolysis
Distinguishing Test for Organic Compounds
Reaction of Sulfur dioxide with Potassium
What exactly happens at the critical solution temperature of a phenol water system?
electronegativity and how it relates to bond strength
Moisture Absorbancy & Odor Elimination
Understanding the bond dissociation energy of poly-atomic molecules
How come ancient Egyptian ink didn't fade during thousands of years?
Why are noble gases used in "neon" lamps
I found instructions on how to make nerve gas. Is it possible to be real?
No buffer region in the titration of strong acids or bases?
Mechanism for synthesis of 4-nitrophenylhydrazine from the diazonium salt of 4-nitroaniline
Is water a heterogeneous molecule?
Polyethylene biodegradation, how?
How is Molecular mass is the molecular weight?
Why is styrene an aromatic compound?
What does Ae mean when used in a chemical formula?
NMR spectrum of cyclohexanol - hints on integration
Allylic bromination with NBS
Types of argon gas regulator?
Rate of SN2 reaction depending on following different conditions in case of primary halides
Which reaction to use for standard formation enthalpy?
Calculating heat of combustion via calorimetry
What symmetry elements mustn't a molecule possess to be considered achiral?
PTFE coating - how? Alternatively, lowering surface energy
Why are the melting points of Sb and Bi lower than that of As?
What is the lattice structure of manganese?
Compounds forming between silicon gallium and nitrogen
Multiple values for the magnetic quantum number and the spin projection quantum number?
Why cannot the Schrödinger equation be solved exactly for systems in which more than two particles interact?
The difference between one pot synthetic method and one step reaction
Why are phosphate-phosphate bonds weaker than phosphate-water bonds?
How to interpret the activation energy calculated via the Arrhenius equation?
Calculating enthalpy change
Why does silver sulfate not precipitate in this double displacement reaction?
Forces on piston in gas expansion
Why do hydroxyl ions migrate towards the anode in a Bacon Cell?
What type of test can I do to show that water is one of the products in a neutralisation reaction?
What is the solvent and what is the solute?
Formation of Bonding and Anti-bonding Molecular Orbitals
How is the degree of unsaturation derived?
Melting points of NaCl and RbCl
Why does basicity go down along the group 15 hydrides?
How can the intense color of potassium permanganate be explained with molecular orbital theory?
What kind of optical activity requires chirality?
Shifting of axial and equatorial protons
Why does superglue lose strength at high temperatures?
Extent of dehydration by conc sulphuric acid
Ionization energy and Electron Affnity
Influence of neighboring fluorine and hydroxyl on carbocation
Solid state, closed packed structures, BCC lattice
When using the Arrhenius Equation, beyond what range would the values of k, A , and Ea be extreme
Mathematically, how does the exchange integral for a closed-shell system reduce to zero?
Calculating enthalpy of dissolution
Questions about Organic solvents insoluble in water
What does "at%" refer to in sol-gel method?
Error propagation Titration
NaOH solution not stable
How many valence electrons does a copper atom have?
Relationship between coordination numbers and stoichiometry
Joule–Thomson effect: why does temperature decrease during expansion
Conflict Between Organic and Physical Chemists--explaining the intensities of IR absorptions
Convert from Pa to Pa to J/dm^3
I'm not sure I understand the stoichiometry of this mechanism
Nucleophile substitution in nonclassical carbocation
What are some uses for an O2/N2 mixture that is more N2-rich than air?
Writing Mass Balance Equations
Error in Titration
Why some compounds form different crystal structure at different temperature?
How to prevent fuel cell gas leak?
What is the difference between phase of matter and state of matter?
Why do these two calculations give me different answers for the same acid-base titration?
Difference in color between the chromate and permanganate ions
How to determine bond order for special cases?
Which type of orbital, 4s or 3d, is closer to the nucleus of an atom?
Why does burning wood produce methane and other hydrocarbon chains?
Is readily available ammonia a substitute for ammonia water?
Group 15 elements reactivity towards water
What is a Sodium wire?
Does storing a hygroscopic reagent in a bottle makes it prone to absorb humidity from the air trapped inside?
Order of citation of alkyl and halide prefixes in IUPAC names
Why does the Reimer-Tiemann reaction give an ortho product?
How many peaks would there be in H1 NMR of ethene?
Implications of orthonormal wavefunctions
Do free radicals re-arrange?
Does carbonated water change over the course of several days, or was my container leaky?
How can we produce gasoline from electricity without fossil fuels?
Number of grams of CO2 released from a carbonated water
How are related the electrons magnetic dipole moments in atomic orbitals?
How it was observed, that elements in columns 6 and 11 assume abnormal electron configuration?
What is the term for a compound where one element exists in two oxidation states in the same molecule?
what is the difference between a redox reaction and an ionic bond?
Oxidation state of metals in complexes with bridging ligands
Balancing a reaction with unknown products
Brewing tea with deionized water
Conservation equation in an enzyme-catalysed reaction
DNA's physical properties
Nucleophile attack on Epoxy rings
What's the difference between HOMO-LUMO and valence-conduction bands?
What defines incomplete combustion?
Please explain the shapes of the orbitals
Does enthalpy equal heat when PV work is done?
Solid phase peptide synthesis (SPPS): why does capping after each coupling improve results?
Demonstrating orthonormality for wave functions for ground state and excited state of He
How can I change the pH level?
Families of some columns
What is the reason for mpemba effect?
Are there magnetic rocks, and not hematite?
Suitable acid/base combo
What happens to the attraction of glycerol to a positively charged acetate rod if water is added
Orthogonal Wavefunctions
Which is the Electrolyse Reaction?
Oxidation of alkenes by selenium dioxide to diketones
Calculating the charges of anions and cations
Obtaining deuterium directly from water
heat of fusion in an equation
How to define a flame in numerical combustion?
How do I calculate the molecular mass of a complex in a complexometric titration with EDTA?
Why does the COO- ion is pulled at during critical Micelle concentration?
What is a possible side reaction during the oxidation of fluorene?
Are Isopropyl Alcohol (2-Propanol) and 1-Propanol tautomers?
C6H5CO2H dimerization in Benzene
Why does F have a higher ionization energy than O?
Titration, finding the molarity of HCl
CO2 dry cleaning what is the process
Entropy change of surroundings
Phosphate buffer system
pH level of fabric with regard to inhibiting fungal growth
Photochemistry of beta, gamma-unsaturated ketones
Calculate the mole fraction of component B in this solution? (partial pressures)
Different ion effect
Calculating Molar Mass of Gas
What is the exact definition of state functions? How to determine state functions?
Finding moles of different compounds using balancing
Stability of carbocations: CF3+ vs CH3+
Are there any free pharmacophore modelling software?
Determining Overall Equation and Oxidation Potential
How is the Felkin-Anh model of stereoinduction correctly explained with MO theory?
How do these solutions "react"?
Acidic and alkaline salt solutions: why do some salt form acid/bases while others don't
Does the acid dissociation constant fluctuate or stay constant during titration?
How to balance this redox reaction
What is the electron configuration for Og with a charge of 2-?
Getting structural formula of complex molecules?
Why is logP quite a bit lower in cyclohexane than in hexane?
Describing evaporation without entropy -- what about Helmholtz?
TLC plate and Rf values
Are `dTDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-alpha-D-galactose` and `dTDP-4-keto-6-deoxy-D-glucose` the same thing?
Terminology for "proton stripping"?
How to know properties of ion Aluminum -27?
Does anyone know the particle size of carbamate and protonated MEA?
Why does fructose reduce Tollen's reagent and Fehling's solution?
How can you boil milk without causing it to foam and overflow?
Chemical reaction , blue to red and again to blue
What is the mechanism for this nucleophilic conjugate addition?
Are primary, secondary, and tertiary amines considered functional group or chain isomers?
What are most common condition for reduction of hematite to magnetite?
How to identify if a compound is organic or inorganic?
Why can't Pd/C and H2 reduce both the alkene and carbonyl portions of α,β-unsaturated carbonyls?
Why the backbone of polylactic acid's repeating unit contains only one oxygen?
Why is the bond angle of AB3E1 approximately 109.5?
Are the lone pair electrons on an carbonyl oxygen in sp2 orbitals?
Why are overcoats used on aluminum if aluminum oxide forms on surface anyway?
Does copper(III) nitrate exist?
Meaning of negative entropy value
Is it possible to express Gibbs free energy as following?
Supersaturated conversion of sodium acetate utilizing electricity
Nicotine from tobacco?
Symmetrize nearly symmetric molecule
Mechanism for synthesising azetidine
Cleavage of type 1 collagen by pepsin.
Why don't halogens form cations like H+?
Is the heat capacity infinite for a process at constant temperature?
When calculating a dihedral angle for a chemical bond, how is the direction defined? What are the most common convention?
How do I calculate principal quantum numbers of the Lyman series
Why does soup turn purple when lemon juice and salt are added?
Conservation equation of reaction scheme
Why does a reaction stop when turning into a solid?
Why can't Al3+ be reduced to solid, pure aluminum?
Dichloromethane cleaning
Finding Hybridization of Certain Atoms in Lewis Structure
How to calculate the yield for an incomplete reaction?
How to rationalise the planar structre of I2Cl6?
Significant figures when standard deviation is 0
How much CO2 is produced in burning of a candle?
Gas Pressure and Molecular Mass
Titration curve of a diprotic acid with a strong base titrant
Why does water condense on grass and iron grills in cold weather?
Quasi-steady state hypothesis application
LogP of halogen derivatives of aromatics and aliphatics explanation
Directing effects of substituent groups on aromatics
Can hemi-acetal rings form under basic conditions?
How to calculate the rate constant of a zero order reaction?
Can nucleophilic attack be faster than rearrangement?
Why doesn't 1-cyclopropylethyne give a positive reaction in the bromine-water unsaturation test?
Stereochemistry of hydrogenation with Raney nickel
How mass spec formate and acetate adducts masses are calculated?
What type of bond(s) are present in the borohydride ion?
pH of a mixture of base and an acid
How to change color of water based on its acidity?
If the reactivity of group 1 elements increases down the group, why is this not the case for halogens?
Why does the two-electron exchange integral in Hartree-Fock theory have positive values?
FT-IR background lines
Corrosion of an alloy in acid
Why are absolute enthalpies of reactants not available?
What's the difference between Gibbs Energy and Work?
Why do some chemical reactions lead to less stable state?
Why isn't N2 a Lewis base?
Simple distillation & azeotropes
Chiral centers in albuterol-like compounds
Which of the following is a secondary alkyl halide
What is the difference between TIC and TICC?
How does heat energy interact between two bodies of different heat capacities in order to attain thermal equilibrium?
Obtaining magnesium oxide from magnesium hydroxide
Electrolysis, Concentration of Electrolytes
Complete Oxidation and Redox Equations for Sacrificial Galvanic Anode
Continuously replenished reaction
London Forces and Liquifying Noble Gases
Can we add an electron to an atom?
Mass of sugar that was added to the water (Raoult's law)
What is the mass fraction of C2HCl3 in the liquid phase?
Origin of different colour for thio analogue of indigo from blue to red
Cracking of dicyclopentadiene - was my simple Liebig condenser distillation setup adequate?
Dissociation of zinc anode during electrolysis
Reactions of acidified substances
Why do unboiled eggs last longer than boiled eggs?
Nucleophilicity vs Basicity
Base catalyzed rearrangement of an alkyl substituted cyclopent-2-enone
Ionisation Energy and Evidence of Subshells
How much worse is methane than CO2 as greenhouse gas?
Can I freeze water at 100 °C if I add 28 grams NaCl in 100 grams water?
Why does stale bread go soft in the microwave?
Periodic table- quantum numbers
Finding the pH among HF and KOH
Reference request for properties of amorphous titanium carbide (a-TiC)
Calculate the concentration of the deprotonated adipic acid anion
What is the meaning of the prefix "per-"?
Does the 'X' of Grignard's reagent react?
Separating Enantiomers
Can one component of a mixture penetrate the skin if the whole mixture cannot?
Is iron the most stable element in the periodic table?
Concentration of solutions
(Effective) number of molecules interacting with light to produce optical activity
What is the reason behind optically activity of compounds
Physical implications of the simple harmonic oscillator quantum mechanical solutions
Is it really appropriate to measure entropy change using enthalpy?
Joules to kJ/mol conversion
Substitution Reactions; Stability of Carbocations
Solubility Product and Buffers
How dangerous is a megacurie (MCi)?
Stability of carbocations
Reactions of Alkenes
Common Ion Effect Calculations
Major products of the reaction of 2-bromo-2-methylpropane and propanoic acid
Why does this reaction not proceed by sn1/sn2?
Structure of OSF4
Understanding of acids and bases
Determining # of calories using coffee-cup calorimter
Orbital conservation in Molecular orbital theory
What is the correct order of boiling points for group 15 hydrogen compounds?
Can dissolving be a chemical change?
What word, or phrase, do chemists use to describe the color saturation of a solution?
major products of this reaction?
Is it possible to react Rb + Al2O3?
Observe from IR/Raman spectra whether molecule is in a local minimum on PES
What's the difference between pharmacotherapy and chemotherapy
What [if anything] is special about the boiling process of purifying water (excluding temperature)?
Which bond angle will be larger in a compound like CH2X2?
Influence of sodium cyanoborohydride on C=N bonds in DNA bases
Are adamantane crystals covalently bonded?
Why does Soda Pop after Shaking
Charging of galvanic battery
What do the prefixes meta, ortho, pyro mean in inorganic chemistry?
Closed shell molecules can have degenerate states?
Is there any software to simulate a laboratory?
When you increase the temperature such that change in Gibb's free energy becomes zero, does Keq = 1 at that temperature?
Quantum Numbers
Propagation of Uncertainties
Ratios and mass; reaction calculation problem
Should titration stop at the intermediate color or a drop past the intermediate
Density of plutonium oxide
What reaction occurs when etching copper to create circuit boards?
What would carbon-oxygen polymer be called?
Why large basis sets give better approximations to the exact solution of the Schrödinger equation?
A "Bible" for molecular orbital theory?
I am trying to find the solubility of benzoic acid in different solvents to prepare a liquid-liquid extraction
How to decide between different possible substitution/elimination mechanisms under given conditions?
How does a reference electrode work in a three electrode system?
Predicting the spontaneity of non-isothermal reactions
Oxidation state of ions in a unit cell
What is the meaning of delta squared?
Which equilibrium constant is appropriate to use?
S-O bond length in SO2 and SO3
Predicting pH of an acidic salt of an weak acid and weak base
Why does FeO(OH) have two CAS numbers?
Can I electrolyze saturated sodium hydroxide?
Why is a negatively charged atom less likely to hydrogen bond than a neutral atom?
Mr of Acid getting wrong answer
Chemical equilibrium and free energy
Voltaic cell: why does the rate of rusting increase when NaCl is added?
Why does no antitoxin for botulinum type H exist yet?
Oil-water emulsion doesn't separate
Has a carbon compound ever been found having an ionic bond?
Which orbital in a subshell gets filled first?
How does the mixing of two gases increase entropy?
Why does my eudiometer have this excess volume at the top?
Does diamond have a pungent smell like graphite?
What is the role of sulfuric acid and mercury(II) sulfate in the oxymercuration of alkynes?
Which phase is more efficient for temperature changes?
Nucleophiles and bases (elimination and substitution)
Wohler synthesis: magnesium cyanate + ammonium chloride?
Produce dichlorine oxide by mixing sulphur dioxide and chlorine
Would graphite stick to basalt cooled from its molten state in a graphite mold?
Hybrid orbitals forming molecular orbitals
Preparing polyurethane with IPDI (Isophorone Diisocyanate)
What is meant by 'stability'?
How do I model atoms with Moebius strips?
Single Point vs. 5 Point Calibration in HPLC
Replicating an illustration for the crystal structure of ferrihydrite
Understanding how potentiometry works
Why does Iodine form Cations sometimes?
Simple Explanation of orbitals
What is an 'acidic' oxide?
Steam Distillation - Condensate not going through condenser
Why Birch reduction of alkyne is E-selective?
How much precipitation occurs for a given ionic product?
Why are wavefunctions with same principal quantum number and different azimuthal quantum number orthogonal
Why are lab coats required in chemical laboratories?
How can we find the eV value of molecular orbital diagrams for a given atom?
In a simple chemical cell
Reaction of Alcohol and Metal Hydroxide
How can I prepare Cu2S powder?
How is the Activation Energy of the Arrhenius equation related to the exponents in rate laws?
If you add sodium salt to carbonated water (sparkling mineral water), could you produce sodium bicarbonate?
How to determine the strongest oxyacid of chlorine without being given the acid dissociation constant data?
How much CO2 gets free when combusting 6 kg n-heptane (C7H16)
What is the purpose of calculating other orbitals than HOMO and LUMO?
Is strength of an acid proportional to concentration or dilution?
What is the difference between galvanization and sacrificial protection?
Can the compounds NOF3 and POF3 both exist?Why?
Is the P-Cl bond energy same in PCl5 and PCl3?
Heitler-London hydrogen model
dsp3 and sp3d hybridization — what is the difference and which applies to square pyramidal?
How do I call the functional group of this alkane?
Isopropyl alcohol to clean germs on countertops
Where does the name ‘aliphatic’ come from?
Deciphering stereochemical notation in electrocylization reaction
Is KHF2 an ionic compound or a covalent compound?
What can one learn from a plot of calculated molecular orbitals?
What chemical process occurs when dead leaves make a mark on concrete?
Electron configuration and the 2p orbital
What electrodes to use to minimise corrosion during water electrolysis?
How to minimise solution concentration changes due to evaporation?
Point Groups and MO Theory
why do we denature proteins before mass spectroscopy?
Geometry optimization of a small molecule inside of a larger one
Can a hydride shift be concerted?
amino acid pka of carboxylic acid
Predictions about hydrolysis reactions
Soil batteries?
Dissociation percentages of N2O4 at different pressures using Gibbs' free energy
Can atomic partial charges be measured in molecules experimentally?
Number of moles in a chemical equation with an amount of substance given
Meaning of steady state (kinetics)
Determining water of crystallisation in a hydrate from the mass percentages
Is dextrose an isomer of glucose?
Confusion about the graph plotted from the Arrhenius equation
Why can copper have multiple coordination numbers?
Calculating the age by radioactive dating
High pressure modification to the van der Waals equation
Why is CH4 a gas at room temperature but CH3Cl a liquid?
Why is vulcanization called "vulcanization"?
What is the preferred IUPAC name of 4-propionyl biphenyl?
At what temperature do complex hydrocarbons become ashes?
Le Châtelier’s Principle and Addition of Water
Solubility of cholesterol and phospholipids in acetone
Why does a mixture get warm in an exothermic reaction?
Most energy-dense commercial battery available
What is the geometrical structure of Pb3O4?
How to calculate the amount of citric acid to neutralise the pH within wastewater?
Discrepancy in MO diagrams for Period 2 homonuclear diatomics
In molecular orbital theory when two different atoms are combined, how do you tell which one is higher energy?
Schrödinger's equation
Radical Bromination of a 1-isopropyl-4-methylcyclohexane
MO shapes for dx2-y2 sigma bond
Does chemical compound with formula N₄O₁₀ exist?
General notation for one of the d-orbitals
Rearrangement of a bicyclic dienone under acidic conditions
What's the name of this organic compound?
Why is a face-centred cubic unit cell not regarded as equivalent to a body-centred tetragonal unit cell?
Differences in Gibbs activation energies for rotation around a bond
Prensense of Hydroxide Ions in Chemical Reaction in a Basic Medium
Reversible & irreversible adiabatic processes
Pharmaceutical grade phosphoric acid
Calculating the wavelength of an emitted photon of a Ne^9+ ion
Why is [PdCl4]2- square planar whereas [NiCl4]2- is tetrahedral?
Heat Dissipation of Chemical Reaction
Nuclear Fallout
How do we know if a compound can be oxidized?
Dilution with 3 Different Percentages
Meaning of "Diffusion Rate"
Strange valence numbers?
Is it possible to separate/remove sugar from common drinks, such as juice?
Is aluminium hydroxide a strong base?
Reaction rate constant conversion
Which of the four balloons will shrink?
Elimination of HCl from isomeric chlorocyclohexadienes
How does the ionic strength formula work? (simple version)
Lattice structures, Metallic Bonding
Stoichiometric calculations for the combustion of octane
link between acidity and [H3O+]
Calculate Work Done for Reversible and Irreversible Adiabatic process
Difference between thermodynamic terms heat and enthalphy
Relation between enthalpy and Cv
How to identify the anode and cathode in a concentration cell?
why can't I get my absorbance values to come out right on my oxybenzone uv-vis assay test?
Ionic reaction between lithium and chlorine
Computing two-electron integrals with an STO-3G basis set
Metallic Aluminum and Dry Ice
Do I need to include lattice energy when calculating the energy required to vaporize NaCl?
Why does the phosphate ion have resonance structures?
Why is the cyanide ion toxic?
Knowing about Sensor Film Kit
Mechanism for reaction of ketene with water
Is there a universal minimum energy state?
Why does the Temperature Decrease?
How to recycle olive oil manufacturing wastes?
A substance that is immisiscible with water and that can be made cloudy
How does one calculate chemical shift in a gauge independent manner?
How do you make napalm?
Which alcohol will most easily react with HCl to form an alkyl halide?
Relation between ionisation enthalpy and nature of bonds in boron
Why does melting point depend on external pressure?
Reaction of 1-(1-chloroethyl)-1-methylcyclobutane under E1 Conditions
Odd Acidity Trend in Hexaaqua Metal Complexes
Deciding E1/E2/SN1/SN2 for cyanide ion
Separate Dextrose & Caffeine in water?
Is heating oil identical to fuel oil?
Calculate the radius of an Ag atom
Gibbs free energy in chemical reaction
Transition Metal Compounds
Specific Heat Capacity of Heavy Water
Does Beta-ionone posses the same anti-ageing properties as Retinoids if applied topically to the skin?
Do filter-specific dyes exist? Equivalently, do dye-specific filters exist?
Nomenclature of Organic Compound from Condensed Formula
Irreversible chemical reaction in a battery
Determine the concentrations of the three ionic forms of glycine present if 1.0 mol of glycine is used to make 1.00 L of aqueous solution
Why can mercury oxide be decomposed into mercury and oxygen upon heating?
Irreversible chemical reaction in a battery
Formation of ferrous chloride or ferric chloride
Why does the mixing of sigma 2s and 2p orbitals lower the energy of the sigma 2s orbital and raise the energy of the sigma 2p orbital?
Heating paper to a yellowish smoke
Would a redox reaction still happen between the two electrodes only connected by a wire?
Does Chemical Formula of Matter Influence on how would it be Charged?
Proton-decoupled phosphorus spectrum of a ruthenium complex
How does hyperconjugation affect bond lengths in alkenes?
Analysis of mixture by precipitation and complexometric titrations
Why do BF3 and NH3 react when B has an expanded octet in the adduct?
What is the accuracy of medical syringes?
Is menthol an especially volatile molecule?
Mechanism of dehydration of alcohols by iodine/triphenylphosphine
Using Gelatin as Rocket Fuel?
Comparison of acidic strength
Why is the Gibbs free energy for phase changes zero at constant temperature and pressure?
Does the addition of chlorine to carbon-carbon double bonds proceed through a halonium ion?
Can PBE (and LDA) actually be a better choice sometimes?
Characterization of products of non-stoichiometric combustion
Why did the red colour in a flame test for strontium disappear and appear again on longer heating?
How does baking soda works as an desiccant?
Does Gibbs free energy of formation always equal zero for elements in standard state?
Oxidizer/reducer in decomposition of potassium chlorate
How to Dissolve AgNO3 in ZnAc Solution?
Calculating equilibrium constants: adding two or more equations
Is this a possible structural isomer for Butene(C4H8)
Strip away a small amount of aluminium with household chemicals
How to isolate and determine an unknown molecule in a known heterogeneous mixture using HNMR
Why is the acylium ion stable?
How many basis functions used in STO-3G and 6-31+G** for the water molecule?
Clash between thermodynamic and kinetic processes
Finding/explaining equilibrium constant, chemical significance, and standard enthalpy
Converting an Alcohol to Alkyl Chloride (Ibuprofen)
Why does (2z²-x²-y², x²-y²) have -1 trace in the character table of Td for C3 rotation?
Mechanism of the Synthesis of Cyclooctatetraene from Pseudopelletierine
Chromatography types and techniques
Products of Electrolysis of NaCl
Hypervalency of elements
Estimation of the bond angle of water
How are reactants ad-/ -desorbed during Haber process?
How can titanium burn in nitrogen?
It is easier to iron cotton clothes when slightly wet, why?
Can Carbon Form bonds without Hybridization?
Describing the preparation of solutions and determining how many grams are needed to react with a substance
How polarization effects from cations affect H-bond strength
Propanoic acid reaction with potassium permanganate
What elements in Tomato and Spinach make them cook quickly when cooked together?
Boys function for Gaussian integrals in ab-initio calculations
Solubility product when you add an acid to a solid?
Polarity and Solubility of Tetracyclone
Simultaneous Equilibrium Reactions, One Goes to Completion
Can grignard reagent contain secondary amino group?
Troubles with cinnemaldehyde extraction - A few general questions
Similarity between all gases
Transition of electron from HOMO to LUMO?
Why are negatively charged ligands behind the neutral ligands in spectrochemical series?
I know PV=nRT but that's total what about partial?
Why are noble gases 'gases'?
Ozone is above, nitrogen is below
Why anions of weak acids are weak bases?
Why are intensive properties not additive?
Is this definition of mole correct?
What is more acidic: D3O+ in D2O or H3O+ in H2O and why?
Titration of borax solution homework
Supercooling, freezing point depression, and finding the right freezing point
Change in Gibbs free energy of vaporization reaction
Why do some old masters paintings deteriorate faster than others?
What is the reaction between diethyl malonate and hydrazine?
Pressure change of a gas upon increasing the temperature
Why tungsten does not have stable configuration?
Reversible and irreversible processes of thermodynamics
Understanding observations of dissolving surfactants in methanol, water and hexane combinations
Heat capacity during state change
Existence of orbitals
What is the evolutionary reason for the existence of rings in molecules?
Competition between substitution and elimination (uni- or bimolecular)
Elimination with Amines
How to determine the configuration of C atom bounded to two groups with same configuration?
Gravimetric analysis of barium or sulfate
Formation enthalpy vs. bond enthalpy
Double alkylation of benzene to form tetralin
Solubility of Ag3AsO4 in 0.02 M K3AsO4
Why does a carbonyl reform in ester reactions
Deuterated solvents vs. regular solvents
Chlorofluorocarbons rising
When it is said 'at constant pressure, at constant pressure ', is it about pressure & temp. of the system or surroundings?
Why do the melting points of Group 15 elements increase upto Arsenic but then decrease upto Bismuth?
Alkenes express different reactivity with acids depending on concentration and temperature
H2Te dipole and electronegativities of H and Te (high school level chemistry)
Room-conditions supercritical fluids?
What in Peanut Butter dissolves glue?
How is volume a State function?
Method for increasing concentration of extracts
What is the stereochemistry resulting from hydroboration of 1-methylcyclopentene?
Stereoselective but produces enantiomers?
Choosing Stationary Phase Column Chromatography
Will a strong acid still dissociate "completely" even in the presence of a stronger acid?
Help solve this specific linear schrodinger equation, please
Reasons which explain why the efficiency of a reaction increases as the average rate decreases?
Why does two nails of the same material not produce electricity when placed in saltwater?
Why is the F-F bond in fluorine a p p sigma bond?
If 130.0 mL of 3.0×10−3 M Na2SO4(aq) is saturated with CaSO4, how many grams of would be present in the solution?
Validity of rationale for balancing chemical equations
Heavy Metal Toxicity
Solubility involving precipitation
What are some factors that influence the voltage of voltaic/galvanic cells and why?
Gas of independent molecules
Rates of solvolysis of p-dimethylamino benzyl halides
Titration of NaOH with acetic acid
Tables/database/literature of specific or optical rotation
Effectiveness of getters to keep gasses sulfur free
Is there relation between “Plane wave basis” “Correlation-Consistent” basis and “Fourier basis”
Stereochemical outcome after elimination followed by addition
When is a reaction reversible?
Explaining temperature change in an exothermic system.
Expansion of ideal gas in isothermic conditions
What are the physical properties of the cation tris(ethylenediamine)cobalt(III)?
Sulfur from pyrite roasting process
What is the adverb for a "hydrogen bond"?
The addition reaction between alkene and gaseous hydrogen bromide: why is it an addition reaction, rather than electrophilic addition?
Can a very high concentration of hydrogen peroxide, inhibit or denature the enzyme catalase?
organic chemistry of alkyl halides and alcohols
Gels that increase in volume
Number of resonance structures of nitrobenzene
Hydrogen's confusing purple glow
Alkylating agent to produce methanol
What is the molecular interpretation of Raoult's law?
Which are stronger intermolecular forces: ionic bonds or hydrogen bonds?
Is there a way to liquefy a super absorbent polymer without using salt?
'Chemical' First-order Phase Change
How to save the force on a molecule in GROMACS?
How can the thermal conductivity of a binary gas mixture be estimated?
What are the products in a reaction between a metal and an acid?
What is the role of the slash ("/") in chemical reactions?
Which is the central atom in Lewis Dot Structures?
What determines whether a double displacement reaction will occur?
Why does the copper anode dissolve?
Reaction of furan with chloroform in base
Can the concentration of a sodium carbonate solution be determined using volumetric analysis?
Effect of nitrobenzene on solution UV/Vis spectra
Which is the major product formed on nitration of benzyl methyl ether?
How can I find the bond angles for carbamic acid?
How to calculate concentrations and what is the concept of 'mole'?
Magnetic susceptibility trend
Has the exact formula for computing the density of water in terms of temperature ever been determined?
What does equilibrium constant mean?
Is this graphic of molecules correct?
Synthesis of 2-methyl-4-nitrophenol from benzene?
How important is it that geometry be optimized at a high level of theory?
Is it possible to make plastic out of fibres?
Are the collisions between the real gas particles perfectly elastic?
Continuous flow mass spectrometer for isotope analysis
Computing accurate vibrational and rotational contributions to the free energy of transition states and loosely bound complexes
What is the relation between partial pressure and concentration?
Does the potential energy increase when temperature is raised?
Why can't phosphorus trifluoride be used as a Lewis acid catalyst in electrophilic substitution of benzene?
Precipitation with NaI
How to prepare 2-bromobutane from 1-butanol?
Why does sulfonation of alcohols even work?
A question about exercise 2.1 in Szabo and Ostlund's modern quantum chemistry, namely inner product between different spin orbitals
Controlling the reaction of alcohols with acid to either ether synthesis or elimination
Can dissolved salts (or any soluble chemicals, for that matter) 'bump' each other out of solubility?
Calculating Solubility Product of AgCl from electrode potential
Why are oxyacids strong oxidizing agents?
Solubility of methanol and ethanol in water
Does solid fat float in liquid fat?
Why is phenol more polar than alcohol?
How to convert from spin orbitals to spatial orbitals in the Hartree-Fock approximation?
Equilibrium constant. Can it be reached?
Why there is a non-linear trend on the melting points for period 2 elements, especially Na to Si?
Why is the square of the wavefunction a probability density?
How derive g and u symmetry labels for orbitals?
Suggestions for simulating transport through membranes with Molecular Dynamics (MD) and Monte Carlo (MC)?
The amount of the DMF in the Sonogashira coupling - why it is of importance?
How to clean copper(II) sulfate crystals from sulfuric acid?
what is the importance of Benzophenone in distillation
Why can't carbon and nitrogen be detected in ICP-MS and ICP-OES techniques?
Relativistic effects in element 137 (Feinmanium) and above
How is the ideal gas amount calculated?
Bromine Homolysis Using Handheld UV Lamp
What does this curve over the C-B bond mean?
What is the connection between vapor pressure and intermolecular force explanations of boiling?
Kinetic energy of an ideal gas
How do I know the valence number by looking at the groups?
analytical Lab Conundrum
Where does the thermal energy come from in a chemical change when two substances react with one another?
What is the meaning of ‘oxyphilic’?
What is the reason for the blue color of an ammoniated electron?
MgCl2 acidic or neutral in water?
How is a side-group that contains a double bond named?
Is there an established procedure for titanium tetrachloride titration?
How to find probability in different basis representations?
Why is molarity independent of temperature?
What is the correct way to pronounce iodine?
Molecular Orbital Diagram for dioxygen
Why aren't the copper(II) ions in CuSO4 precipitated by hydroxide ions from water?
Acid/Base dissociation constants relationship
Which factors determine the keto:enol ratio for aldehydes, ketones, and 1,3-dicarbonyl compounds?
Resonance in ozone and benzene
How to create liquid carbon, and what kinds of properties does it have?
Why is ionisation energy of bismuth lower than lead?
nomenclature of some organoselenide moieties
Lower an electron energy level by pressure
How does the electron configuration of platinum relate to its stability?
IUPAC systematic name of Carminic Acid
Bond lengths in hydrocarbons
Can molarity ever exceed molality
How to calculate the average quadratic velocity of carbon dioxide from given data?
Is this an exception to the rule that strong acids/bases always replace weak acids/bases?
Why do we say metals are monoatomic in nature?
What substances are typically used to produce cyan, magenta, and yellow ink?
Gaussian09 vs home made Hartree-Fock implementation
Do volumes and pressures calculated from Boyle's Law depend on the temperature?
Will Mg undergo a redox equation with Zn2+ or Cu2+?
Ring closure via intramolecular nucleophilic substitution or intermolecular dimerization: which is favoured?
What elastic polymeric material look like at molecular level?
Difference between using Zinc Nitrate instead of Potassium Nitrate for Salt Bridge Solution?
What is the size of the ammonium ion?
Interaction between energy and entropy in highly elastic polymers?
Does CH3CHNH exist, and what is it called?
Pentabromophenol Mass Spectrum
Can there be gaps in autoignition temperatures?
How to prove that chloroform is more acidic than fluoroform?
Finding the concentration of a solution
Why are chemistry droppers bad at holding bromine?
Mixing two solutions to find overall solution
Why are acids corrosive?
What are inner core electrons and how do they influence chemical and physical properties?
Equilibrium and Completeness of Reaction
Non-mathematical explanation for why the 3d orbital generally has higher energy than the 3p orbital
Mechanism of reaction between triphenylmethanol and acetyl chloride
Why does ozone reduce to oxygen?
Why is silver chromate red?
Acidity of o-halobenzoic acids
Determining the order of basicity of acetate, phenoxide, hydroperoxide, and hydroxide ions
Short Cut Method to Calculating pH of Polyprotic Acid?
p-d sigma bond - Why not possible?
Nodal planes in a molecular orbital
Why are alkanes 'non-polar'
Bond order of HCO3- as compared to (CO3)2-
Non-zero dipole moment of parahydroxy phenol
Explain the 3c 2e or 3c 4e bond in these compounds
What is the major product formed on addition of Hydrogen Iodide to Pent-2-ene?
How to condense a melted wax in to small aggregate forms like stones of different sizes?
What's the difference between "conversion" in condensation polymerization and in radical polymerization?
Why is benzoic acid a stronger acid than acetic acid?
Stereoselectivity of dihydroxylation with osmium tetroxide
Reactions of alcohol with sulfuric acid
Predicting the products of reaction between ammonia and hydrogen peroxide
Racemic compound widely available
Buffer Systems and Ion Reaction
What is the mole fraction of dihydrogen in a mixture, given the relative rates of effusion of its components?
Is there an easy way to make PVC from PVA?
How to create different fluorescent colors using household items
How to monitor (high) oxygen content in gas (air)?
What is the difference between ∆G and ∆G°?
Synthesis of phosphonate salt not working
Introduction to ball tumbler chemistry?
Why are protons in the same position in 1-chloro-4-nitrobenzene magnetically different?
How would you make/produce sulfuric acid with tools only the romans had?
Increase in Yield of products in an exothermic reaction
Synthesis of 2-benzylcyclohexan-1-ol from cyclohexanone
What does A485 mean? And what does the values on the y-axis expresses?
Successful predictions of MO software?
How to tell which compound has the biggest ionization energy?
Why does treatment of a geminal dihalide with sodium amide lead to an alkyne and not an allene?
If chemical bonding is quantum mechanic, is saying they bend and vibrate like springs wrong?
How are the boiling points of Tungsten and other metals determined and proved?
opperating a distillation column far from flooding
Concentration of Iodide Ions in water
Mass of strontium iodide contained in a 350 mL solution
Are graphite intercalation compounds stable in water?
Differences between Fe3+ and Fe2+
skeletal structure of dimethylamine? HN(CH3)2
How can the ketone in a β-ketoester be protected during hydride reduction?
What makes ice slippery?
Allotropes of carbon conductivity
How to merge PDB-files to build trimer from monomers
Nomenclature of spiro compounds
How do we know that water has [H+] = 10^-7?
Typesetting oxidation state and charge simultaneously
Variation of angle in GeX2 molecules where X is an halogen
Oxidation state of iron ions in a unit cell
Unsaturated alcohol configuration
Is the triiodide ion polar?
What is the functional group derived from benzene called?
Dissociation of silver chloride in a solution
In crystal field theory, why do all the metal electrons enter the d orbitals and not the s orbital?
A Tool to atomize liquid in the milliliter range
What is the relationship between configuration & optical rotation?
At what temperature (in kelvin) are most of the elements on the periodic table liquids?
What is the limiting value of band gap that makes a material semiconductor?
When fugacity and z-compressability equations instead of Gibbs free energy equations?
Are non-exothermic explosions possible?
In electrolysis, why is hydroxide oxidised in preference to anything(?) but halides?
Why is OH group activating towards electrophilic aromatic substitution?
Does an increase of area lead to more collisons in a confined jar of gas?
Is this a feasible synthetic route for 1-(phenylethynyl)cyclopentan-1-ol?
Why is o-halophenol more acidic than m-halophenol?
Valency and chemical formula
Does the hydrogen ion actually exist?
Why does the PH3 geometry deviate more from the trigonal planar one, than does NH3?
Initial guess for Unrestricted Hartree-Fock calculation
Why is water not part of the equilibrium constant?
Can 2 pieces of metals combine after long time contact?
Reference value for two-electron repulsion integral over GTO's
Does Dean Kamen's Slingshot really filter virtually everything?
Peroxide and 2 extra electrons?
Do really the electrons could only orbit in specific orbits with a fixed radius?
What made my solution cloudy?
Do surfactants exist in a gas phase?
Hydrolysis of 4-chloro-3,3-dimethylbut-1-ene forms which products much faster than primary alkyl halides?
How to identify cis-trans alkene isomers?
What would the name and formula be for Mo+O+Se?
Products of radical bromination and mechanism
Effect on the partition function upon the mixing of two ideal gases
How does pH affect the degradation of ascorbic acid (vitamin C)?
Is there a way to experimentally measure entropy?
What is this glassware?
Why is the minus sign (-) not allowed in reaction equations?
How to predict the basicity of organic amines?
Electrolysis of sodium chloride solution
Can an amide nitrogen be a hydrogen bond acceptor?
why do electron pairs not take axial positions in the VSEPR structure of ClF3?
Why radioactive elements emit alpha beta and gamma rays
What is the most accepted mechanism for the reaction of ketones with m-dinitrobenzene?
How does a metal atom's size affect the electrical conductivity of it's giant metallic structure?
Miscibility of pairwise miscible liquids
Is NaCl crystal always going to have even number of atoms?
Oxidation state of metal ion in unit cell
Regiochemistry and stereochemistry in synthesis of alcohols from cycloalkenes through oxymercuration and hydroboration
Do orbital models derive from the solution of the stationary Schrödinger equation?
Transforming a cis double-bond to a trans double-bond using any mechanisms of my choice
Does ethylene glycol sink in water?
Is mixing ammonia and bleach spray in the same parcel of air considerably dangerous to health?
H2O2 + NaCl + H(+) reaction?
How do I find the rate constant in this situation?
Potassium vs sodium bicarbonate in fire fighting
How to calculate the oxidation number of sulfur in H2SO5?
Reaction of moist egg shell powder and acid?
Dissociation of benzoic acid
How does a reaction exhibit kinetics with a non-integer reaction order?
Melting point of alkaline earth metal carbonates
Enthalpies of formation of alkali metal halides
Polarity of the phosphate ion?
Which preposition to use for the reducing agent?
Unpaired electrons
Which chemical should I use to wash soot precipitate from cast iron?
What is the relationship between something magnetic and unpaired electrons?
Cis and trans substituents on rings different stereodescriptors
Why don't electrons have the same spin even when in same orbit?
Reversablity of dehydration
What chemical compounds used in qualitative chemistry can be distinguished by smell?
How to calculate the heat released when sodium hydroxide is dissolved in hydrochloric acid solution?
Find the velocity constant K given the speed
How to find out pH of aquarium and apply it when adding HCl?
Finding [A] when looking for the velocity constant
Problems with a lithium battery
What explains the very high density of osmium and iridium?
Bond strength by Similar size or Overlap?
First order differential equation for transmembrane diffusion
Calculating the physical properties of isotopes
Visualizing PDB file in VMD, how to upload molecules?
Lithium compounds with good solubility in organic solvents?
hydrated halide structure
producing ozone through electrolysis of water
How can I have a concerted addition of bromines?
pH of solution after adding SiCl4
Why are Pd and Pt completely soluble in Cu, but Ag only partly in Cu when forming a substitutional solid solution?
Why are certain substances clear/invisible? Can we create invisible objects?
Derivation of mean speed from Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution
Why do octahedral metal ligand complexes have greater splitting than tetrahedral complexes?
Technecium and Technetium
Do polycarbonate and/or polyurethane have latex?
Why should a system try to reverse any change that has been done to it?
Usage of ammine vs amine in nomenclature
At which temperature does carbon monoxide explode?
Reaction of alcohols with bromine
At which temperature does carbon monoxide explode?
Ratio of Tb ions?
Why are fats glossy?
Pauli's Exclusion Principle
Curing of polyester resin that did not reach top exothermic temperature
Why is the ionic product for water $10^{-14}$?
Standard reduction potential of MnO4-/MnO2 couple
Why does freezing point decrease on adding impurities?
why are simple organic molecules usually white?
How to create different levels of hydrophobicity on glass beads surface?
Determining the nature of common pH indicators (methyl orange) using Le Chatlier's principle
2 modes of radioactive decay for hydrogen-5?
How to calculate air tank capacity from tank displacement, tank fill (gauge) pressure, and specific type of gas?
Oxidation of alkenes with KMnO4
How to calculate the concentration of the diluted solution given a source concentration in ppm?
What is the purpose of finding log k?
Why do alcohols not undergo resonance?
Why is my rusting metal chainlink fence glowing bright orange and sparking?
Converting a cis-alkene to trans-alkene
Tips for Improving Synthesis
Horizons of a bachelor degree in chemistry
Unknown white precipitate in electrolysis of water
Particle size of oxides of nitrogen and sulfur pollutants and HEPA filters
Should I include solvation in quantum chemical calculations of a simplified protein-ligand interactions?
What is a dry electron?
Does light absorption result in a momentarily weaker bond?
Carboxylic acid strength due to the inductive effect
drawing epoxides, the 3d shape
Why is calcium stearate (soap scum) insoluble in water while potassium/sodium stearate are soluble in water?
Why does this E2 reaction occur on the less substituted carbon?
Equilibrium constant and thermodynamic relationship
Functional Isomer of Formic Acid is?
What is the most compact way to store Oxygen?
how to find valency of calcium using spdf electronic configuration
Explanation for these 1H NMR spectra?
Is ammonium hydroxide safe to be used for sanitizing food?
What is the pressure belonging to in Boyle's Law?
order of basic strength
Use of combinations to determine number of isomers
Refrigeration for Cryochemistry −35 °C
Can you write (with and ink pen) on hydrophobic paper?
Writing equilibrium expressions with aqueous species
Experimental determination of pKa
By which mechanism would azide react with alcohols or alkyl halides?
How to determine the mole fraction of the liquid phase from a given mole fraction of the vapour phase for a benzene/toluene mixture?
Does resorcinol give positive iodoform test?
Using UV-C (254nm) light to cleave the amino acid off of vyvanse
Calculating molarity of a gas using ideal gas equation
Elimination reaction on 2-fluorobutane using alc.KOH
Standard Enthalpy of Formation for Branched Alkanes
Can you tell me which one of these substances are highly or easily flammable?
VT graph thermodynamics
Is there a relationship between pH indicator colors and the visible light spectrum?
What is meant by viscous liquid?
Molarity of hydrogen gas in standard hydrogen electrode
Why absorption/transmission spectroscopic data is normalized?
Alcohol Evaporation
What does nutella add to the Coke+Mentos reaction?
Do L-sugars (enantiomers of natural sugars) have a sweet taste?
Which half cell equation do you switch when calculating E° cell?
NMR coupling pattern for hydrocarbon
Why do the chalcogens (Y) form YX4, YX6 but not YH4, YH6?
Synthesize acyl chloride from aldehyde
Interpretation of 1H-NMR spectra for Z-ochtodenol
Coupling patter for a methyl-butyl ether
Solubility of carbon dioxide in 1M sodium hydroxide solution?
Why is it easier to determine the radius of inert/noble gases?
Green kerosene in copper container goes colorless
What is the velocity of an ejected electron in lithium when subjected to UV radiation?
How to calculate concentrations when dissolving two salts?
How to distinguish diastereomers of unsaturated ketones by NMR?
Requirements for electroplating
Reaction of cyclohexane-1,2,4-triol with acetone
EMF measured while verification of Nernst equation keeps on increasing
Mechanism of protein precipitation with TCA
Hydrolysis of epoxide
The logic for hybridisation formula
Electron withdrawing groups and acidity
How to determine optical activity of a compound without asymmetric carbons theoretically?
Calculating volume ethanol in an fermented aqueous solution of sucrose, water, and ethanol
Is methanol more acidic than water?
Boiling of water does not involve temperature change, so why is there a change in internal energy during the process?
To what degree an N99 active coal filter can protect against products of burning paraffin oil?
What is the problem with forming 2,3-dimethylcyclohex-2-en-1-one?
When is a reaction feasible at room temperature?
Acids generating nascent gas atoms
Mechanism of pseudo buffer pH maintenance
Which step below is rate determining
What does "less hindered hydrogen" mean?
Why don't free radicals undergo rearrangement like carbocation/carbonium ions do?
Why was Lawrencium's symbol changed?
How to explain this acid-catalysed acetal rearrangement mechanistically?
Does a reaction have to have a rate determining step?
Coordinates for molecules except cartesian and zmatrix
Is the reaction between powdered soap and water exothermic?
How can a sample that is in two different states be at a uniform temperature?
Diastereoisomer of quinic acid and its proton NMR?
van't hoff factor
Galvanic corrosion: Copper, iron and aluminum in an automotive cooling system
Is lithium L-threonate a potential brain medicine?
What acid can remove Calcium in Ca2SiO4 to leave SiO2 (mostly)
Compounds that release carbon dioxide
Does adding ice to sparkling mineral water extend the 'fizziness' of the solution before the drink goes flat?
What is the chemical test for identification of benzophenone?
Is conversion of L-glutamate to 6-phospho-D-gluconate a feasible reaction?
Why does dry boiling discolor steel cookware?
Addition of HOBr across C=C
how to distinguish between carbon-carbon double bond lengths
How to calculate the sufficient ratio of acid and corresponding base of the indicator that allows to clearly observe the endpoint of a titration?
Detect a baked diamond?
Aren't unit cell and the relevant crystal similar?
Why is the Friedel-Crafts alkylation of nitrobenzene disfavoured?
Why was the Deville process of Alumina production given up in favor of the Bayer process?
Stability of isomers of N4O
Absolute configuration in stereochemistry: R/S nomenclature
About how much carbon monoxide is produced in these two different reations?
Sulfur atomic absorption
Experimenting with electrochromic prussian blue
Ostwald Law of dilution makes no sense
Need to chemically heat water
Why we have mass of adsorbent in Freundlich equation?
boiling point and distillation relation
Is FeS2 both an ionic and covalent compound?
overall energy and the boiling point
Stereoisomerism in 1,2-cyclobutanediol
Cat litter crystals causing toxic smell upon rubbing and pouring out of the package, safe?
Three general questions in silanization of a glass surface
Is there such thing as too much fermentation
Is this structure make-able?
Why is diene more reactive than alkene?
What are the dangers of melting HDPE and silicone? Is it even possible?
Do electron donating groups make a molecule nucleophilic?
Different possible Lewis structures of peroxymonosulfate anion
Thermodynamics entropy and temperature
Stability of alkenes by hyper conjugation
Abnormal deviation of CO2 from ideal gas behaviour
How can bromine water be called a solution?
Why exception is noted in the solubility of lead salts?
How are electronic configurations including hybrid orbitals notated?
Which has maximum entropy
If glucose can react with phenyl hydrazine to form osazone why can't it react with 2,4-DNP to give positive test?
Why is sulfur hexafluoride more stable than selenium or tellurium hexafluoride?
Using results of current experiments in silanization, how to achieve a higher contact angle?
Free radicals vs Hund's rule contradiction?
For group 7 elements, are anions a lower energy state than being neutral atoms?
Why doesn't CaO decompose into Ca and O2?
Why does bromine add to a double bond instead of a triple bond if both are present?
How to do pre-treatment on surface and how to clean the glass surface after silanization?
Can baking soda or citric acid help clean a pot with burned-in milk rice?
Why is tetramethylammonium hydroxide a stronger base than tri- or dimethyl amine?
Disproportionation of hydrogen peroxide
Which of the following has higher enol content?
Order of reactivity of carbonyl compounds towards nucleophilic addition
Calorimeter and bond energy
Mixing naphthalene, formaldehyde and sulfuric acid (Marquis reagent + naphthalene)
How can the size of atom be the cause of octet expansion?
Which of the compounds give the same SN1 and SN2 products?
What is the chemical redox equation between hydrogen peroxide and melanin?
Why did I get these inconsistent experimental results in silanization?
Formation of a stable hydrate
Why only one peak is observed in NMR spectrum of H2?
Why at constant pressure and temperature Gibbs energy change of a process can be negative?
What happens to the bleach after mopping?
can we use con HCl zn amalgam to reduce alcohol?
What is the mechanism of the Clemmensen reduction?
Simple method to lengthen alkane?
Is food that burnt in an 18/10 stainless steel pot still edible?
What does radiofrequency really do in NMR & MRI?
Difference between Resonance Effect and Mesomeric Effect
Would tin (II) sulfide be considered a covalent network solid?
Citric acid chelates calcium carbonate more than ethanoic acid, why does this result in a faster rate of reaction?
Partial and total concentration in solutions
Methods of dissolving a gas into a liquid
In silanization, how to clean kerosene from glass surface completely?
What is the difference between a reaction of Lewis acids with Lewis bases and a redox reaction?
What are the reaction products of sulfur and potassium nitrate?
Predicting color of precipitate
Activating effects of amino and hydroxyl groups in different pH
How many electrons will be shared?
Calcium reactivity vs electronic configuration
What is the difference between crystal structures of proteins, organic and inorganic materials?
'In MO theory, electrons are treated as spreading throughout the entire molecule'- isn't it exhibited in VB theory also?
Crossed Cannizzaro reaction
How does VB theory explain the bond angles in SiO2?
Why is the antibonding pi bond higher in energy than the normal pi bond?
Bromination of Phenylacetone
How to ionize a liquid and apply a force using electrohydrodynamics
What type of bonding is present in lithium tetrahydridoaluminate?
Neighbouring group participation with and without retention of configuration in nucleophilic substitution of 2,6-dichloro-9-thiabicyclo[3.3.1]nonane
What is the best material for my particles?
Why do some diagrams of some molecules show the bonds of only some of their submolecules?
Why ionic radii of Cu2+ is less than Zn2+?
Ionization energy comparison between K+ and Cl-
What do you call acids that can disassociate more than 1 H+
Textbook chemistry vs Real life chemistry and impurities
Product of intramolecular aldol condensation of 3-methyloctane-2,7-dione
Why is the thioester bond weaker than a regular ester bond?
Is rotation of a mirror image allowed in order to determine chirality? Doesn't rotation alter the mirror image of the molecule?
Why Cu+ is unstable in aqueous medium?
Shouldn't all of group 16 form double bonds?
How durable is a silanized surface?
Determining the mass of sodium sulfate that forms when reacting sulfuric acid with sodium hydroxide
What are the strategies to deal with fluorescence from oil in Raman Spectroscopy?
How to determine the iron content in spinach from a titration with permanganate solution?
How can three p orbitals per atom bond in tin (II) sulfide?
Active mass,Pressure and concentration
How to determine gerade & ungerade symmetry of a MO orbital?
Is the name of this chemical 3-oxopropanoic acid?
What is the product of the reaction of carbon with sulfuric acid?
Reaction of Hydrogen and Dinitrogen Tetroxide?
can magnesium chloride and iodine react together?
How to choose the best method and basis set for a calculation in computational chemistry?
What's the reaction here?
What is the significance of Law of Multiple Proportions?
Why does a dynamic equilibrium exist?
Constructing a Walsh diagram of AH2
When is there hybridization and when is there no hybridization?
Can the green spots in these coins be copper chloride?
Why does the carbonyl group in an acid anhydride have two stretching frequencies?
Why is the carbonyl IR frequency for a carboxylic acid lower than that of a ketone whilst an ester is higher than a ketone
Why do all radioactive decay series terminate at lead?
Why do the boiling and melting points decrease as you go down group 1 and vice versa for group 7?
Molecular mechanics force fields for metals?
Enantiomerically pure ketone reaction under acidic conditions gives 1:1 mixture of diastereoisomers?
Why does tin form tin (II) compounds?
How does this brominated intermediate lose its methyl group?
What is the reason behind neglecting & putting the overlap integrals $0$ in Simple Hückel Theory?
Can nonpolar molecules exhibit dipole-dipole forces?
Why does CO2 lowers the pH of water below 7?
When is it permissible to use the stoichiometry of a reaction to determine rate laws?
How to disperse salicylic acid in sodium lauryl sulfate solution?
Corey -House synthesis vs Wurtz reaction
Measuring the effect of increasing salinty on the concentration of Dissolved oxygen
Would hydrogen bond form in these scenarios?
Why is the boiling point of CH3COOH higher than that of C2H5OH?
Is Hydrolysis same as dissolution?
The mechanism of demethylation of a quaternary ammonium
Why is NO2 formed when N valency is 3
How can off-diagonal Hamiltonian matrix elements be nonzero when the overlap matrix is diagonal?
Why is partial pressure proportional to mole fraction in Henry's law?
What is the hybridisation of titanium in the hexaaqua- and hexaamminetitanium(III) complex?
What chemical measurements are related to the degree of flavor extracted by alcohol?
Alpha hydrogen and hyperconjugation
Use of aqueous KOH and alcoholic KOH in dehydrohalogenation reactions
If a gas absorbs heat, then how can its temperature remain constant?
What is the most acidic proton of 2-methylcyclopent-2-en-1-one?
Units of rate constant (cycles per second vs radians per second) in Eyring equation
Why is the electrode with the lower reduction potential the cathode?
Product of lead and tin alloying
Can we break the covalent bonds of water molecules using resonance frequencies?
Self aldol condensation of butanal under basic conditions
How can I make a fairly saturated copper (II) sulfate solution by heating?
1-5 dicarboxylic acid to lactone with SOCl2?
Which statement is correct about electron orbitals and energy levels?
Enthalpy change and equilibrium
What is the typical range for the molar absorptivity of paint?
How to calculate denticity of ligands?
what contributes to the temperature of a vacuum
Dissolving in DMSO semantics
Is it possible to have accumulation of electron density in the inter-nuclear region even if the overlap integral is zero?
Absorbance vs titrant added in acid-base titration
How many hydrogen bonds in these compounds?
Side products during the electrolysis of Copper Sulfate?
What are point groups and the benefits of using them?
Absorption Spectrum Using a Spectrophotometer
Beta lactone query
Reason for the differences in third ionisation energy between elements (magnesium and fluorine)
Why are thiolates more nucleophilic than alkoxides?
Cubane systematic name
Hyperconjugation vs. steric hindrance: which is stronger?
Why are geminal diols unstable?
Is it correct to write Na2B2O4 as 2NaBO2?
Does SiO compound exist?
Does the change in Gibbs free energy depend on initial and final concentrations?
Are there atoms with different numbers of protons, but the same number of electrons, with different orbital occupations?
Jahn-Teller Distortions in Square Planar Complexes?
Can gases be "immiscible"?
Desorption instead of adsorption from solution using activated charcoal
How does polydimethylsiloxane stick to glass?
Questions related to distinguishing dimagnetism and paramagnetism and when is there magnetic properties
Phosphorus standard state
How long the block starting with element 121 will be?
Breakdown of butyl rubber
Is it possible, given a target temperature, to create an alloy that melts at precisely that temperature?
Interchange of axial and equatorial groups in Me2NPF4
Why is conjugation not possible if there is not present alternate $\pi$ molecules according to MO theory?
Diffusion into PMMA
Why we use -adien- / -atrien- infixes if we need to indicate double bond positions with numbers?
Why is Borax used as a primary standard?
Why does copper react only with nitric acid?
Solubility of Silver Nanoparticles
Color differences between the different physical states of oxygen
Hexagonal unit cell vs crystal system
Calculating entropy change of surroundings
What is the product of the chemical reaction between phenol and ferric chloride?
Why do displacement reactions occur?
Iodine medical products
Growing crystals that are in a magnetic field or subjected to an electric field
Determining Reaction Orders
Why is fluorine more reactive than iodine despite the weaker I-I bond?
Food Concentrate For Baking Using Hard Alcohol ex. Jack Daniels
Why are discharge tubes filled at reduced pressure?
What are the correct equilibrium arrows?
Does intramolecular hydrogen bonding occur with carbonic acid and geminal diols?
What is meant by a reaction favours one side?
How to finish silanization process correctly?
Endothermic reactions with significant activation energy
What are all products of an ozonolysis of alkenes using zinc and water?
Why this doesn't hydrogen peroxide decompose into hydrogen and oxygen?
Sodium carbonate titration in presence of phenolphthalein
Confusing Lines About Extinct Elements
How the Azimuthal quantum number describes 3d shape of the orbital?
Purity of calcium carbonate in limestone
Rate of EAS in chlorobenzene and fluorobenzene
Internal Standard Methodology
Why it is hard to rinse off soap from your body using rain water
Why is the reaction between potassium permanganate and hydrogen peroxide spontaneous?
Spontaneous/Non-Spontaneous Reactions and Reversible Reactions
How to test acid-base reactions under pressure?
Behaviour of oleophobic and hydrophobic object in an oil and water solution
How to calculate the thickness of the double layer at an electrode
Mechanism for oxidation of primary alcohols to carboxylic acids
Why do branched hydrocarbons burn more efficiently (complete & clean combustion)?
If the rate law order is three, does that mean that three bodies collide at some elementary step?
Why does Ga improve conductivity of Ge?
Name of an unsaturated cyclic compound
Calculating Final Temperature and Volume of Adiabatic Expansion
What would you recommend to isolate these compounds from cooking oil?
Which complexes are stable: ammine complexes or carbonyl complexes?
Is there a way to use free software to convert SMILES strings to structures?
What is the difference between Fukui FMO approach and Woodward-Hoffmann rules?
How to calculate the composition of a mixture of iron oxides containing inert impurities with titration data?
Al2Cl6 - Different length of bonds
Relative etch rates of nitric acid on metals and oxides
Hydrophobic sand in water
Why do we consider all gasses to be in one phase?
Reduced Graphene Oxide (RGO) Conductivity vs Everything Else
Why is contact angle higher when I let the glass to be dried in silan solution?
Why would the effect of fluoride ions Protecting egg shells from acid erosion vary with different acids?
Does sodium cyanide react with water, and can it cause an explosion?
Why do chlorinated silanes have lower boiling points than their methane analogs?
The color black
Can gaseous hydrogen and gaseous oxygen be compressed without reaction?
Will freezing water still expand width-wise in a pipe (possibly breaking it) if it's free to expand lengthwise?
Corrosive/ Acid cabinet gets wet from time to time
What is the product after treating ethene successively with chlorine and water, sulfuric acid, and potassium hydroxide?
Trend in the boiling point of the hydrogen halides
Why is the Haber process carried out at such high temperatures?
Why are 1,3-diols protected with aldehydes but 1,2-diols are protected with ketones?
How to calculate hydrogen from SMILES string?
Why enol is unstable?
Why doesn't hydrogen displace metals from their oxides?
Half-equations for the combustion of sulfur dioxide
Chair conformation. Wedged lines vs no wedged lines?
What is Q-carbon? Does it exist?
Peak Wavelength of Emission Spectrum of a Flame vs. Actual Flame Temperature
Why is carbon monoxide a neutral oxide?
How do valence shell configurations affect attraction and repulsion forces between atoms?
Negative LUMO Energy
What is the order of stability of the following carbocations?
Are these two structures of 1,3-dichlorocyclobutane enantiomers?
Understanding the mechanism of Blanc chloromethylation
The meaning of the sulfite anion attached to the benzene ring
Why is water's IR spectra indistinguishable from the IR spectra of a solution of glucose in water?
Why is H bonded to C5 drawn below the plane in Haworth formula for D-glucose?
what are the methods to reduce ticl4 to ticl3
Electrochemistry
How to find the molar volume of 1 gas in a 2 gas system using PV_m=ZRT?
Comparing pKa of hydrocarbons
Turns in beta-alpha-beta loops (protein motifs)
Heat of combustion of stereoisomers of 1-tert-butyl-2,4-dimethylcyclohexane
Why does ozone have such a large solubility in water?
can anyone suggest me good chemistry video lectures
Alkyl shift vs Hydride shift in hydroboration-oxidation reaction
Is Tollen's test safe?
How does changing volume affect concentration of solutions?
Why does the reduction of a Weinreb amide give an aldehyde instead of an amine?
Does the van der Waals equation remain valid when repulsive intermolecular forces dominate?
High Viscosity of Noble Gases
Why does chlorine have a higher boiling point than hydrogen chloride?
Reduction of N,N-dimethylbenzamide with LiAlH4
Are isomers and stereoisomers the same thing?
Examples from everyday life for diastereoisomers ?
Which proton in cyclohexene is the most acidic?
Why is it lead(II) chromate and not lead(II) chromate(VI) tetraoxide?
In which cases do you say "oxide" when naming a molecule?
Synthetic ferritin models and μ notation
Creating energy profile diagrams for publication
How to determine the products of a redox reaction
How can I find the parent chains in these two compounds?
Changing State of Alumina Oxide
Masamune's rule of diastereoselectivity multiplicity explained
Chemoselectivity in reduction of 3′-nitroacetophenone
No reaction in net ionic equation for lithium nitrate and sodium chloride?
Why does ozone, being heavier than air, not settle down?
Why perborate is greener bleaching agent?
Possible approximations in complex equilibrium
What piezoelectric materials can be made at home?
What is the structure of [Co(NH3)5SO4]+?
Finding the percentage of pure CaCO3
Could altered silica gel which is releasing its water content when in contact with fire be used as a fire retardant?
Finding out the composition of seawater/brine?
Why are Kc and Kp interchangeable in the free energy-equilibrium equation?
Mechanism for reaction between hydrochloric acid and magnesium
Catalytic activity of metals
Reasoning questions on Solubility
Relationship between inhibition constant Ki and interaction energy?
Carbon numbering in carbohydrates
Identify what alloy of metal tool
Are heterolytic dissociations barrier-less or do they have an activation energy?
What does gases at constant pressure mean?
Calcium hydroxide and why there are parenthesis
How was the composition of DNA studied before the knowledge of its structure?
Does the salt in the ocean act as a binding agent on sand?
Why is the molecular peak not observed in the mass spectrum of 2,2-dimethylbutane?
What is the structure of iodide of Millon's base?
Coordinate Bond...(Dative Bond)
Chemical kinetics of a reaction, rate constant, and activation energy
Why aren't people pouring ethanol my unskinned chicken to remove excessive fat?
Utility of Delta G
How many bonds can Hydrogen make?
Naming a 4 branched cyclic compound
What is the meaning of the "-osic" suffix on a metal (e.g., cobaltosic oxide)?
Chemical potential and it's implications in an open system
Why is the eclipsed conformer more stable than the bisected conformer in 1-butene?
How to differentiate the notation of a compounds charge and an anions oxidations state?
Boiling point and Intermolecular forces
How to dissolve the build-up from a paraffin based oil?
Why is the cyclic voltammetry of my ferrocene compound not showing a standard shape?
Is the caffeine in coffee an oxidation agent?
How can the formation of an alkene be explained during the hydrolysis of an ester when the alkoxy moiety is tertiary?
What would happen if Carbon-14 was in a molecule, and decayed into Nitrogen?
What proportion of a combustion engine's output energy comes from the air?
Reaction between 2 hydrogen halides
Does autoionization occur in steam?
half-reaction in a battery
Are coordination numbers of elements fixed?
How to know when subscripts refer to charges or not
Why do full shell ions such as chloride form coordinate bonds, while noble gases do not?
isomerism in coordination complexes
Sugar cube is filled with liquid (coffee), only if corner is sinked for few millimeters
Rocket propellants: accuracy of vapor pressure estimation techniques
How can anions exist?
Hybridisation of carbon atom in cyclopentadienyl anion
Woodward Fieser rules for dienes - non conjugated double bond as exocyclic?
Can the "rate coefficient" of a chemical reaction really be called a "rate constant"?
Why is Mo(VI) more stable than Cr (VI)?
Use of statistics in this field
Understanding how to calculate the pH of a buffer with ice tables
Suggestions for reaction conditions to prepare methyl 2,4,6-trimethylbenzenesulfonate
Dissolving sodium bicarbonate?
Why is Aluminum's 2nd ionization energy higher than Silicon's?
Creating Boric Acid from Borax and Hydrochloric Acid
How to know if acid is polyprotic?
Why can anthracene, but not phenanthrene, take part in Diels–Alder reactions?
What is the oxidation state of C in this lewis structure?
How to calculate a molar mass based on density?
Water splitting ways
How can I make something like fire which is safe?
Formation of Coordination Compounds
What happens when deodorants or perfumes expire
Estimate inflammability of ABS?
Is there a chemical reaction between tungsten carbide and acrylic?
Could a safe water ocean exist on a world with predominantly chlorine atmosphere?
What makes these particles hygroscopic?
Books showing colorful images of elementary particles....is this true?
How does one determine the probability of H⁺ to H₂O in pure water?
Conductive Inks
Enolate formation and tosylate displacement in cis/trans decalin
What is the proper way to prepare a solution from hydrate?
Under what conditions does MnO2 acts as an oxidizing agent?
Non-destructive solvents for cyan-salts
How can I name the products of the hydration of 3,5-dimethylhept-2-ene?
Is there a broader nomenclature convention to explain why the ‘a’ in ‘chlorophyll a’ is italicized?
Interpreting notation format 1.64E-02 from particulate emission data
How to prove that the forward and reverse reactions have the same rate at equilibrium?
Why carbon is so special?
Autoclaving certain plastics?
Electrolysis of water for demonstration: ideal electrolyte for safety, stability, conductivity, and ease of maintenance
Carbon's Catenation
Explain how to filter Ca and Ba ions separately out of solution using insoluble compounds
Why does fluorine stabilise a carbocation?
What are the chemical similarities between gallium and barium?
Why plastic sheets contract when heated?
When dispensing liquid nitrogen, why does the surface get wet rather than frozen?
How to compare the energies of sigma and pi bonds in molecular orbitals of diatomic heteronuclear species?
Equilibrium saturation/depostion rate calculation
Why does AsH5 not exist?
Liquid nitrogen superheating with a layer of oil?
Why would methanol and water be used for an aqueous layer in a separating funnel compared to just water?
How can borane exist?
O2 near magnets?
SN1 vs SN2 in low concentration of nucleophile
Why does phosphine reduce HgCl2 to Hg but LiAlH4 / LiH reduces it to Hg2Cl2?
How can sodium chloride melt ice or keep it frozen?
Calculate the heat of a reaction
NaOH to stabilize aqueous NaCN
General expression for entropy and free energy
Fluctuation in pH reading on pH meter
Why copper sulphate is a catalyst in this reaction
Nitration of Naphthalene Having Electron Withdrawing Group
Internal energy change during phase change
What is the chemical composition of Turnbull's blue?
Why is Sodium acetate called a salt of weak acid and strong base, when Acetic acid acts as a strong acid in Sodium hydroxide soln.?
How do I determine which liquids are immiscible with one another?
Why does CO2 have higher boiling point than CO?
The nomenclature of mineral acids
Can a Birch Reduction be done using gaseous anhydrous ammonia?
Enzyme-Kinetics. Michaelis-Menten Curve
Is there a method to separate ions from water other than by double displacement precipitation?
Oxidation state of sulfur in H2S2O5
Is Neutron radiation considered electromagnetic wave?
What is the correct Lewis structure of NH3O?
Compare the work done during dissolution of carbides
Why does ionization increase from Li to Be?
Free energy of an ideal gas
Diesel additive spill. Odor elimination
Why do we have an alkyl shift rather than epoxidation in a pinacol reaction?
What factors effect the energy change in a reaction?
in hybridization, can bond angles be different
Soluble or insoluble?
Why is the periodic table periodic?
Why HF is said to be formed from H-1s and F-2pz overlap?
Conversion of 1,2-dione to a 7 membered oxepane?
Can only gases by diatomic?
Will washing child seat belt straps with baking soda and hydrogen peroxide make them unsafe to use?
How small is the smallest known carbon ring containing only double bonds?
Why is this compound named resorcinol?
Controled burn colored fire and safety
Smoke cobweb formations?
Can I use lye as a cooking leavener instead of baking soda?
Would a melted crystal recrystallize back into the same lattice structure when frozen?
What causes differences in limits of detection?
Possible causes for flawed results of an EDTA titration for the Ca content of milk
Zero order half life
How dangerous are non-soluble trivalent thallium compounds?
Fischer Projections confusion
Temperature change when volume halved
paramagnetism vs. dimagnetism
5-Chloro-2-Methylphenol vs 2-Chloro-5-Methylbenzene?
Does mercury amalgamate with Brass or Steel?
Drying the solution of two salts
Can there be two IUPAC names of a compound?
What is the structure of powdered sulfur?
Does acid anhydride give a positive iodoform test?
Why are tertiary carbocations so stable?
Calculating energy change for calcium carbonate decomposition
What is the meaning when it is said "Temperature of an Oxyacetylene Torch is 3500 degrees Celsius"?
Ordinary differential equation for molecule collision
What is the use of "pyro" in the naming of organic compound?
Investigating the displacement of a Se anion by a Sulphide anion
Does the initial rate in the reaction of magnesium powder with nitric acid depend on the volume or the concentration of the acid?
What is the molecular structure of polymetatelluric acid?
What factors could lower the voltage of a galvanic cell
Can carbon and titanium form an ionic bond?
Composition and pH of water produced by air conditioners
Does NH4 anion exist?
Dissolve Silver Oxide
How can I make my yeast experiment more chemistry-oriented?
Why are acids usually depicted in fiction as green?
How to extract water from a solution in formamide
Is this the correct formula for dopamine?
Infrared Spectroscopy of Hexachlorocyclotriphosphazene
Non-standard source of lead?
pH-dependency of the acidic dissociation of carbonic acid
Why do SN1 reactions happen slowly?
Do SN1 reactions have dependency on the nucleophile?
Why do SN1 reactions prefer tertiary carbons?
Are elemental compounds composed of different isotopes polarised?
Speed up polymerisation of formaldehyde
why are cyclic dienes much more reactive?
How does ice melt?
When naming hydrocarbons, when do you number the branch or double bond?
If there is more than one branch in a hydrocarbon, which branch do you name first?
Why is Hessian Matrix called 'force-constant' matrix?
Increasing Covalent character increases Colour intensity
Role of the counter/auxiliary electrode in cyclic voltammetry
Fermentation of different types of sugar
How many valence are in each molecule?
Sensitive test for lead in water?
What is the correct Lewis structure for calcium phosphate?
Stability of CN molecule
Relative rates of two acyclic dienes in the Diels-Alder reaction
Can I use fluorescence microscopy with a solution of hydrogen peroxide?
How to dilute a stock solution when the resulting solution has a smaller volume?
Why is the enthalpy of solution for NaCl 3.88 and not 4.1 kJ/mol?
Why did my deep eutectic solvent solidify?
Thermodynamic and kinetic products - carbocation stability
Why do electrophillic addition reactions (between hydrogen halides and alkenes) happen?
Distinguishing among SN2/SN1/E1/E2 for a secondary bromide
How can be explained why the specific heat of ice is twice as low as liquid water?
Replacing air with nitrogen in a drum.
Preparation of picric acid
Positive vs. negative heat of solution confusion
Liquid that looks like smoke when bottled?
Can the first ionization energy for a specific element be calculated?
Platinum vs Silver as Electrode for carbonic acid electrolyte
Melting point-general chemistry
Why do isomeric bis-ethylenediamine cobalt complexes react differently?
Why does the acetyl group drop the pH?
How to calculate the dissociation constant of a weak acid from the titration with a strong base?
Comparing two oxidizing agents using electron configuration
How to synthesise 2-aminoethyl benzene
How to calculate amount of nonanoic acid needed to prepare sodium nonanoate salt
IUPAC Name of n-propyl benzene?
Stoichiometry of alkane-perchlorate reaction
What is the correct discharge reaction in nickel-cadmium cell?
Does an atom want to give or take electrons when it has a shell half full?
What is the qualitative definition of enthalpy in beginner terms?
Why do you need to convert copper (II) hydroxide to copper (II) oxide before converting to copper (II) sulfate?
How can I choose the correct mechanism for nucleophilic substitution of aryl halides?
What is the meaning of "equivalent weight" and its formula?
Strength of substituted Carbon Double Bonds and C-halo bonds
How to calculate the concentration H3O+ in a solution with pH=6.99?
What is the relation between chemical thermodynamics and chemical kinetics?
What makes a glowing splinter glow and a burning splinter burn
What is the formula of manganese oxohydroxide: MnOOH and MnO(OH)2?
Why are chelate complexes more stable than other complexes with unidentate ligands?
Color of Anhydrous Transition Metal Salt
Corey-Schmidt oxidation of primary alcohols
Charge of an amino acid sequence
Kinetic Barrier of ATP
Hydrogen Bonding (with oxygen) - restricted to oxygen singly bonded to H or not?
Yield reporting in methods section of report
Does Friedel-Crafts reaction fail with benzoic acid?
Acidity of hydrochloric acid in acetic acid
Energy levels transitions of an electron?
Which temperature to subtract from which when calculating a difference?
What is the lowest mass measurable using a 4 decimal point analytical balance?
pH, conc vs activity
Naming amitriptyline by IUPAC
How can collission theory of chemical reaction and Law of mass action be connected?
The naming of benzene
Which tautomer of hexane-2,4-dione is more stable?
Difference in the change in oxidation states of transition elements and p-block elements
Nitrogen molecule vs carbon-carbon triple bond stability
How to calculate the maximum number of molecules or ions from a given amount of substance?
Baking Powder instead of soda error
Is styrofoam soluble in gasoline or paint thinner?
What chemicals react with alcohol?
Tungsten 4+ ion magnetism?
Hair Gel Derivative
Minimum resolution to acquire exact mass on a spectra from m/z peak
Why do Pop Rocks fizz longer in milk than in Sprite?
why does this reaction place the nitro group specifically there?
How to calculate the mass of a single atom?
Method to synthesize KAu(CN)2 (or KCN)?
What is the difference between D and L configuration, and + and −?
Does turning propane or butane gas tank upside down help to use the remaining gas?
Could any constituent of normal human urine produce a false positive in a Kastle-Meyer test for presence of blood?
Diagonalization of Hessian H= PkP$^{-1}$: what do the elements of P matrix physically mean?
What is the Lewis Structure for CH3CONHCH3?
How does complex ion differ from ligand complex?
Calculating the molar mass of a gas given state function values
Why does microwaving napalm make it nonflammable?
Redox Reactions with buckyballs
Using electron affinity to calculate lattice energy
Fluorine Preparation:How can this be explained on basis of Lewis Acid-Base Reaction?
How to name the tautomers of hexane-2,4-dione correctly according to IUPAC rules?
What chemicals used everyday will cause an explosive reaction if exposed into outer space?
Resultant temperature of mixture
de-yellowing lego
Looking for information about possible ingredients of a fertilizer
What is an entropic trap?
Energy required to break salt bridges in peptides and proteins
Is there a chemical treatment for pipes to reduce or eliminate leaching of lead into tap water?
Importance of Overall Reaction Order
How to predict precipitate upon evaporation from calcium ions and either chloride, carbonate, or nitrate counterions?
Is activation energy temperature-independent?
Why does phosphoric acid mask the colour of iron(III) complex in water?
The proper formula of sucrose - why both forms are correct and how one is transformed into another
How to name the compound with the formula Br3C-CHCl2?
Is alcohol really a solution?
What are the specific dangers associated with Grignard reagents?
Amine Nomenclature – When to use "N"
Difference between microcanonical and canonical ensemble
why are halogens considered deactivating groups while methoxyl groups are activating?
Deriving an expression for dU as a function of V and T
What kind of bonds can form between benzene and transition metals in π-complexes?
Comparing IR stretching bands in molybdenum complexes
Significant figure rules when plugging a value into an equation or formula
Enthalpy change with temperature
Why are hydrogenation reactions exothermic?
Relation between various bond angles of Nitrogen compounds
How to calculate spectral overlap integral using spreadsheets?
Optical isomerism regarding diastereomers
Phosphate group acidic or not?
exchanging H2O in buffer for D2O - pH vs pD?
Why is cyclopentadiene anion is aromatic but cycloheptatrienyl anion is not?
What is the temperature at which lava evaporates?
What is exactly ortho effect in Reimmer-Timmer reaction?
What is the electronic configuration of Cr (+1) ion
Is there a chemical reaction that speeds up when the temprature gets lower?
Since PbCl2 is insoluble in water, how is it that lead leached from pipes due to Cl- reaction can become ingested?
Reaction of nitro compounds with strong alkali?
Reaction speed of Na2CO3 with vinegar vs that produced by NaHCO3 with CH3COOH
Equivalent of Szabo and Ostlund book for DFT
Is there any software package for quantum chemistry that includes CAMB3LYP?
Can you artificially create molecules with a machine?
Are there any colorful, odorless gases?
How the chemical reaction is happening?
What's the composition of gun smoke and is it dangerous?
What happens to the third hydroxyl group in a phosphodiester linkage?
What are good lubricants for Bunsen burners?
There are three things in the world that smell like fish. But why?
How do you figure out the positional and chain isomer possibilities of a compound?
Can oxidizing agents act as comburents?
How does a cathode half reaction work with different metal electrode and electrolyte
Is chloronitrobenzene and nitrochlorobenzene same?
Calculating Raman Intensities from Static Raman Activities
What temperature is required to burn graphite?
How to optimize the molecular geometry under PyMol?
What is the Purpose of an Electrolyte in a Galvanic Cell?
Color imparted to flame and color of coordination compounds
How to differentiate Zn 2+ and Al 3+ on the result of blue lake test
Effects on Stretching Frequencies in Organometallic Complexes
Find the concentration of the HCl solution when mixed with 1.265g of ACES-K+
Why do we scratch the walls of test tube in test for magnesium or calcium basic radicals?
Theory of volume contraction in solution
Stability of MnO4- in basic vs acidic conditions
Cis/trans interconversion of crotyl-boron compounds
Which is the specific heat of human body?
Halides of group 15 elements
How to calculate enthalpy change of neutralisation - what mass?
How to determine the empirical formula given mass percentages of the elements and the molecular weight?
What would Kp be if there is no gas reactant
What is the oxidation state of carbon atoms in Ethanoic acid?
Alternate solution for finding concentration in equilibrium
How to measure corrosion rate of an iron nail in salt water?
Is it true that human cells grow in levorotation?
How do I control the negative temperature in an experiment?
Why does shaking a match put the fire out?
What are the methods used to measure the concentrations of these anions?
Would sodium salicylate dissolve in HCl?
If you run an electrolytic cell long enough, does the conductivity decrease?
Radiating chemical suggestion?
Is Iodoform test restricted for only methyl ketones?
What factors influence the resultant oxidation state of Fe in 3Ca(OH)2+2FeCL3?
Determine the oxidation number of sulfur in SF6
Reduction at the cathode
Does HF react with ethanol?
What decides whether a reaction releases light or heat
What determines the speed of charging of a battery?
How can rocks absorb CO2?
How long will it take for a measurable change in mass (corrosion) in an iron copper corrosion cell to happen?
net charge nucleobases at alkaline conditions
Number of resonating structures (hypothetical)
Which is the strongest base relative to ammonia?
Understanding Standard Hydrogen Electrode
What could happen when mixing bleach with other cleaning residue?
What is the melting point of glycerol in a vacuum?
Alkaline Ester Hydrolysis Reaction
Extraction of calcium carbonate from liquid
Calculation of pH in diluted buffer.
How can I restore the surface of ABS polymer products?
Halogen and inductive effect
What is the effect of adding HCl on a certain solution at equilibrium?
Metal carbonyl bonding
Removal of oxygen from pyridine N-oxide
How does vinegar get rust off these coins
What is the origin of the "positive-to-negative" convention concerning dipole moments in chemistry?
Definition of an amide
Is it possible to quantify the effects of a chelating agent?
What is the possible side product when mixing citric acid, NaCl, Cu, Al, H2O2, and an unknown photoresist?
pKa values and basicity
"Synthetic wood" from cellulose and lignin?
What is the Series Limit in a Spectral line
What is the proper way to calculate experimental error in this measurement?
Why is pressure or external force needed for combination of electron and proton in plasma phase?
Is trisulfuric acid hypothetical?
Negative potential of the oxidation of iron(II) to iron(III)
In the periodic table, why doesn't the 2nd row have exactly 2 elements?
An alternate purification process for sugar separation form bee honey?
Hydrophilic vs water soluble?
Which is more acidic acetic acid or propanoic acid?
Recovering and casting indium
What's the difference between aqueous NaOH and dilute NaOH?
how a galvanic cell works with a different metal cation in electrolyte than used in electrode
Proportionality between number of absorbed photons and optical density
pH 10 to pH9 NaOH dilution
How to identify the number of pi electrons in a conjugated system to calculate the HOMO-LUMO gap with the particle in the box approach?
Is there a chemical that will etch antimony but not stainless steel?
How to explain the discrepancy between the calculated absorption wavelength within the particle in the box theory and the observed wavelength?
How are the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen atom in the ammonium ion?
Is there a reaction between ethanol and aluminum?
When is the Assumption that Enthalpy is Constant over Temperature Change Invalid?
Test for Fe2+ ion in salt using potassium hexacyanidoferrate(III)
Isomers of coordination compounds
Electrochromic properties of ethyl viologen
How to convert an oxirane to an alkanol with one additional carbon atom?
CuCl2 has colour but CuCl does not
Isomers of co-ordination compounds
Anomalous Electronic Configuration of Thorium
How to easily distinguish salts physically? Edit
How would I name O-methylations on sugars while retaining the sugar’s common name?
determine density of oxygen gas using modified ideal gas equation
Bioplastics from eggshells
How to apply oxidation numbers in the reaction to form hydrogen peroxide from a superoxide?
What are the bubbles and crystals found in sodium acetate hot packs after use and storage in the solid form?
Can carbon subnitride be used as a fuel with similar properties to gasoline?
Fractional distillation of a product differs from the components listed in the SDS. What am I doing wrong?
Is there a material that turns from being electrically conductive to non-conductive irreversably upon exposure to some form of radiation?
Non-Ideal Gas Behavior
How do I figure out the amount of water (mL) and amount of Aluminum (g)?
Why does calcium carbonate decompose in sulphuric acid?
Which acid to choose when designing a world with acid seas?
Are there IP limitations on (M)SDS documents?
Aromaticity of 1,1'-bi(cycloprop-2-en-1-ylidene) and 1,4-dioxine
What is insoluble in drinking alcohol, but edible?
How do partially protonated sulfate ligands affect a metal's charge?
the longevity of amorphous metal
Hybridisation of hexaamminecobalt(III) complex
Why isn't Graham's Law working here?
Raoult's Law and Mole Fraction
Is water "hardness" dependent more on calcium or magnesium?
Hydroxide storage
How to remove salt from powdered soup mix?
Liquifying metal and toxic fume exposure
Kinetic Isotopic Effect in EAS
Volume of sucrose (solute) contributing to volume of solution? (solvent = water)
How to calculate the volume of oxygen in a reaction between hydrogen peroxide and bleach using this apparatus
How does an air conditioner produce liquid
Alternative to a proton
Low melting point of Manganeese
Why does the activation enthalpy of ester hydrolysis increase with an increase in alcohol-chain length?
Why does the ink on my whiteboard move?
Why doesn't H-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-H exist?
Fragmentations and rearrangements in n-(4-alkyl phenyl) alkanoic acids in mass spectrometry
How to recycle 60 tons/hour of CaCO3?
What is the difference between carbon and charcoal filters?
aluminum hydroxide as an electrolyte
Is sand a mixture or a compound?
How does salt concentration affect corrosion rate of iron?
How can I understand the Lewis acid-base interaction of iron(III) and water?
What are the advantages of eutectic solvents over aqueous solutions for electroplating?
Solvation rates of crystalline and noncrystalline materials
Hiyama vs Sonogashira coupling
Hydrolysis of vinyl silanes
Is exposure to amyloid beta proteins dangerous?
Why do ethanethiol molecules have stronger London dispersion forces than those of ethanol?
Migration of R group in Hofmann rearrangement
Qualititative inorganic analysis
Solubility in wrong temperature?
How to explain covalent bonds with Bohr's atom model?
Corey-Seebach reaction regioselectivity
Lucas test for alcohols
Wax layer destruction from seed coats
Why does mercury in mercuric acetate have a lone pair?
Dependence of carbocation stability with respect to the length of alkyl group
Why does benzaldehyde not respond to Fehling's test?
What is the total bond energy of CO2?
Oxygen reduction - beginner level
What is the IUPAC name of [Co(NH3)5H2O]Cl3?
Acceptable levels of HCl?
Why is the equilibrium constant defined that way intuitively?
How does fluorouracil inhibit thymidylate synthase?
Why is mercury's surface tension so high, when its viscosity is low?
Can a supersaturated solution get cooler during crystallization?
What are the roles of pyridine and DCM in the acylation of an alcohol?
Orbitals and Pauli Exclusion Principle without Slater determinants
How do I convert 4-(Methylthio)benzaldehyde to 4-(thioacetate)benzaldehyde?
Chemical reactions as exponential functions
Carboxylic Acid to Acyl Chloride
How can the bulky octadecyltriethoxysilane molecule promote single-crystal growth?
Preparation of Sodium Peroxoborate
How do we decide which ligand is monodentate, bidentate, etc.?
Why is phosphorus pentachloride not used in the synthesis of chlorophenols?
In equilibrium, if bonds are constantly being created and broken, where does the energy that does so come from?
Chemical test for ferrous ions
Explain the difference in stability of permanganate ions in acidic/ alkaline solutions?
How much energy is there in 1 mol of diamond and how can you get it?
Confusion about the oxidation state of copper in copper cyanide redissolved with excess cyanide
Does a weak buffer solution still maintain a mostly steady pH if the acid or base load it has to buffer is small?
Why do catalysts have limited turnover numbers in practice?
How do we compute the mole fraction of an ideal gas in a stream blended by mass flow controllers? For a non-ideal gas?
SERS Gold nanoparticles performing poorly in organic solvents?
Purpose of electrolyte in a galvanic cell
Where do I go to get details on setting up different instruments?
Volume occupied by real gases
Preparing Saturated Carbon Dioxide
Is the freezing point of solution always lower?
Is there a convention as to what order to write reactants and products in a reaction?
Liquification of gas to liquid at critical temperature
Why methanoic acid is more acidic than phenol?
Lithium chloride is soluble in pyridine while other lithium halides are not. Why?
Why is Iron (Fe) difficult to reduce?
How can I isolate glycolic acid from sugarcane juice?
How difficult is it to produce diatomic hydrogen?
How is hybridisation of a carbon atom determined by looking at the molecule's structure and observing the lone pair and/or sigma bond present?
How to calculate Madelung's constant for NaCl?
What is the size of the rate constant dependent on?
Internal Cannizzaro reaction of phenylglyoxal
Preparation of ferric hydroxide sol
Why do asymmetric stretches occur at higher wavenumbers than symmetric stretches?
How does common salt speed up the setting of the plaster of Paris?
Is this asking for the equivalence point?
Why can't antiaromatic compounds just escape planarity and become non-aromatic to avoid destabilization?
Negative numbers for ionic radii?
Zero dipole moment of p-dinitrobenzene
ChemDraw: Automatic Caption with Number for Molecules
Is Cold water heavier than hot water?
In PCl2F3, why are two Cl atoms not on axial position?
Do SN2 reactions always invert absolute configuration?
Is there any type of liquid, other than mercury, that PTFE teflon is known to "float" to the surface in?
Does mercury (I) chloride react with HCl?
Is peroxoborate and perborate the same thing?
When are the prefixes bis, tris etc. used in nomenclature of complexs?
Are there any gases more dense than liquids?
Does adding mass to a liquid (not water) increase the volume
Are there phosphorescent/fluorescent materials that absorb near infra-red waves and emit higher wavelengths?
What did I do wrong with my lotion bar that it was grainy at the bottom of the mold?
Kinetic isotope experiment used to distinguish radical and concerted mechanisms for the Diels Alder reaction
How can I search molecules by constituent atoms
Choosing a vacuum pump for fractional distillation
How to calculate galvanic cell spontaneity?
How do I get the molarity of solution 1 given volume 1, molarity 2, and volume 2?
Why are there 2 equivalents of Ca in an example stated in Wikipedia?
What is the chemistry behind black colour of platinum black?
I am confused about the stability of carbanion III and IV in the image
Rutherford gold foil experiment
Can you make a magnetic fluid that's drinkable
Before the CIP system was created, how did chemists ensure that the D/L system matched the R/S assignments?
Does internal potential energy affects temperature or only kinetic energy?
What does the subscript n on methylene groups in a cyclic alkene mean?
Explaining the Relative Energies of Various Vibrational Modes
How does hot air remove guests from cyclodextrin?
Effects of a non-inert electrode in a half cell reaction involving hydrogen gas as the electrolyte ion
Hydrogenation of cycloalkanes
Is nucleus at the centre of the atom? If so why?
How to check percentage yields in a given reaction?
Cr(II) and Mn(III) - their oxidizing and reducing properties?
Mechanism of substitution reaction with no change in stereochemistry
Bromination of a benzene based molecule
Distilling small volume
What is Brown's Gas
Why does trihaloacetaldehyde formed during the haloform reaction not undergo a Cannizzaro reaction?
Entropy as "extent of energy dispersal" vs. entropy as defined by the Clausius equation
How many vibrations are expected for butatriene and cyclobutadiene?
What chemicals are mixed together to cause chemoluminescence?
How big is the influence of basis set and functional on ZPE and thermal corrections?
Can dry ice explode?
Is 98%+ purity Reagent Grade Ca-EDTA powder as safe to use as USP Grade in the body?
Comparison of enol content
Does (chloromethoxy)ethane react in a bimolecular or monomolecular mechanism?
Can an acid or base have a pH less than 0 or more than 14?
Conformation of six-membered ring constituting a bridged compound
Energy profile of cyclohexene conformations
Reaction of sodium with terminal alkyne
Migratory aptitude in pinacol pinacolon rearrangement
How can semi-permeable membrane be so smart?
What is intramolecular energy?
High temperature bath chemicals
Molar heat capacity and heat capacity
Perkin reaction for aliphatic aldehydes
Lowering Freezing Point of Amines
Partial Coverage During Zinc Plating Bath
Do IUPAC names for haloalkanes require numerals?
What is the boiling point and density of LSD?
Can someone explain the differences in decomposition rates for when two molecules which have 2 different substituents?
What material should I mix with graphite to make a brick?
Naming compound containing a ring (cycloalkane) side chain?
Is the mixture of alkyl dimethyl benzyl ammonium chloride and vinegar dangerous?
Naming a ring with an alcohol group?
How does increasing the ionic strength of an aqueous solution decrease the activity coefficient?
Organic chemistry polymerisation
What test can be used to differ amide and amine?
If Mendelev hadn't put the periodic table in its current order, would it still have been made popular?
Isonitrile to nitrile conversion
Why are fires smokey?
Why does H2O2 have a gauche structure?
Formose reaction - mechanism of first step
Why NaHCO3 added to the water used (Ion Chromatography Suppression)
Neutralization equation
O-carboxylation in the Kolbe-Schmitt reaction
Adsorption and distribution chromatography difference?
Number of water molecules to contribute one molecule to every milliliter on earth
Hypothetical concerted process feasibility
Can the properties in a tomato help make hair curl?
Photolysis of N-bromo compound in acidic conditions (radical cyclisation)
Breaking bonds with energy
How to balance the following equation?
Is Acetanilide toxic to fish?
What is the relation between dielectric constant and hydrating tendency?
Comparing Methods of Determination of Dissolved Oxygen Content in Water Sample
How do I analyse this data? (optimization experiment)
What are some Internal Standards used for Ion Chromatography?
Reaction of enols with electrophiles
Hydrolysis of 3,4-dihydropyran
Software for compound database creation\enumeration
Reaction involving markovnikov's rule
Testing for ammonia by smelling it?
Separating iron from blood
Is beryllium an alkaline earth metal?
Predicting changes in pH of water when chlorinating using two different methods
Why is the melting point of propane lower than that of both methane and ethane?
How estimate E0-0 of an organic dye?
No. of photoelectrons vs frequency and intensity
pH of rain with and without thunderstorm
Peroxide in acidic conditions being reacted with iron sulphate mechanism
Will a copper anode and hydride ion cell work?
Dinitrophenyl (DNP) derivatives of amino acids (specifically epsilon-DNP-lysine)
How to determine concentration of salt in a salt bridge
Lead(II) oxide CRT monitor extraction
Reaction of alkyne with sodium in ethanol
Are we wrong about Bakelite formation mechanism?
Solvent for Norland Optical Adhesive
How would the relative rate of reduction of carboxylic acid be if the catalyst used is LiAlH3D?
Nomenclature alkyl halides
What would happen if the reaction of reduction of carboxylic acids by LiAlH4 is carried out in alcohol?
Why does the conductivity of a conductivity probe decease if you shake the solution in which it is kept?
Preparing a solution of hydroxylamine hydrochloride in HCl, struggling
Why, when chemical equilibrium is defined as when two opposing reactions are equal in rate, can the products or reactants be favoured?
Aromatic Apparent Substituion Reaction Mechanism
A good textbook to balance chemical equations?
Photosynthesis: Chlorophyll and color.
REDOX spontaneity using electrode potentials
IUPAC nomenclature for an interesting looking organic compound
What will be the product of this reaction
Why in -COOH group the C atom pulls electron cloud from the OH group O where as the double bonded O pulls the electron cloud towards itself?
Are Tellurium Fluoride or Antimony Fluoride Ionic?
S-N bond IR vibrations
Why weren't the moles of oxygen calculated the same way as C?
Is there any way to carry out voltammetry without a potentiostat?
Semipinacol-type rearrangement leading to ring expansion
Rice Water for hair
Does humidity increase oxygen levels in the air we breathe?
Does Methyl Iodide (CH3I) react with water (H2O) and if it does what would be its byproducts?
What could cause one brand of carbonated water to be superiorly carbonated compared to another?
diH2O, dH2O, and DI H2O. What do they mean?
Balancing disproportionation reactions
Concentration of NaIO3 using hypo
Why and how do we get NH4NO3 when reacting very dilute HNO3 with Zn?
Numbering and naming a disubstituted cyclohexene
Detection of chloride anion
Does the volume of solution increase during a neutralisation reaction?
Density of saturated KBr
When is an alkene formed in a Wurtz reaction?
the number of significant figures
Reactivity of KOH with PVC
Where can I find the standard enthalpy of formation for Sodium Cyanamide (Na2NCN)?
Can 0-Carborane be stored at room temperature?
R or S configuration of propane-1,2-diol
Inert cyanide groups in polyacrylonitrile(PAN)
what is the mass of chromium in this sample?
What should be the name of this substituted cyclopentane?
Magnesium bicarbonate dissociation products
Hydrodehalogenation of aryl chlorides
Why is −78 °C a magic temperature for organic reactions?
What happens to potassium if potassium permanganate is reduced in a redox reaction? How can I identify spectator ions?
Calculating equilibrium partial pressures of a gas given Kp
Polyatomic Reaction Charges
What are the physical properties of exotic ice?
is it possible to make ethanol from ethane through a chlorination / hydrolysis two-step procedure?
Organic reactions reactions memorising
How to check purity of mercury metal
Making N,N-dimethylaniline from aniline
Do bonding and anti-bonding orbitals exist for ionic bonds?
Where can I find a collection of density functional parameterizations?
What is the oxidation state of nitrogen in N2O5?
Laboratory preparation of dinitrogen
Is lithium hydride a salt?
Non-symmetric compounds with more than one Chiral Carbon
Why is dimethyloxonium cation stronger acid than hydronium?
What is the Franck-Condon region
Remove aceton from denatured alcohol
Covalent and Ionic bonds with Semi-metals
(P1,T1) -> to (P2,T2) then what will be the change in enthalpy for ideal gas?
Why is He2- unstable?
Why ground-state configuration is consistent ("additive") from one element to the next?
Auger emission probability?
Comparing the dipole moment of water and ethanol
Surface stability in crystal growth
How do you calculate freezing point depression for a reaction in which there are multiple solutes being added?
What makes an atom favor another one when bonding, and should there be enough atoms for both parts?
Where to store Sodium Azide?
Determine the amount of substance of calcium chloride used
Conversion of grams to milliliters using kg/m3 density
Alcoholic potassium permanganate for oxidation
Making 1,3,5-Tribromobenzene from Phenol
Colour due to F-centre is same as that produced in a flame test, why?
Determining electrode potential
Density and solubility
Difference between thermal reactions and photochemical reactions
Simpler synthesis?
Materials for growing large quality sugar crystals
EPR spectrum of a singlet-triplet mixture
Reduction of glucose to hexane with hydroiodic acid
Reaction of formic acid with bridged bicyclic compound
Why is vitamin C called an antioxidant?
Selecting a good test solution for Cyclic Voltammetry
How do I analyze Mg<->C galvanic cell?
Off taste of over-boiled soup, what is the chemistry?
Wine tasting like soot
Where can I access raw values for near infra red absorbance of liquid water?
Which coloring agents are responsible for the color in red tea and yellow tea?
Synthesis of Potassium Trioxalatoaluminate (III) Trihydrate
To extend the life of a cartridge razor blade, should the blade be stored in oil or alcohol?
When water boils at its boiling point how do we call it as an equilibrium?
Isomers with molecular formula C4H7Cl
Isomers of Octahedral Coordination Compound with Two Bidentate Ligands
Melting point and boiling point in isomers
Crystallization Process
Confusion about atomic/molecular orbital terminology
percent dissociation
How to determine the work function and electron velocities from data on the photoelectric effect?
While finding out chiral centers should lone pair be considered as a group?
Raman Spectra of Toluene
Will a strained three membered ring open up when exposed to heat or acids/base?
Why doesn't sodium carbonate decompose?
What is the empirical formula of Haemoglobin?
Materials with solid volume greater than liquid volume
Nomenclature of a branched alkane
Relationship between Lewis Theory and Redox theory?
Recrystallization of salts with similar solubilites
How to calculate theoretical yield if there are minor products?
Nomenclature of a cyclic ketone
Mechanism: explanation of final step in synthesis of the thyroid hormones (T4, T3)
Synthesising Complex Aromatic Compound
Alphabetical order in nomenclature
How does iceskating work?
Determining Rate Law and Reaction Mechanism from Method of Initial Rates
what is the difference between excitation and emission spectroscopy?
Is tungsten gas visible?
How do Cryocoolers that use Helium as Coolant work?
Number of stereoisomers of a polyene
What should be included in the equilibrium constant expression?
Why does calcium oxide react with sulfur dioxide?
How to come up with overall equation of a galvanic cell
How do I find the final concentration after an additional dilution?
How is adenosine synthesized in biology?
Second order reaction
Is there Any Advantage to Using Multiple Steel Plates in an Electrolyzer?
Plasma, Fourth State of Matter, and Magnetic Fields and Electric Fields
How do I assign R/S configuration?
How can I make a black precipitate without a sulfide?
Identifying Chiral Carbons
Calculations on an irreversible adiabatic expansion
Free chemical database to search for physical properties?
What solvents work on aloe vera?
pH Determination
What are some technologies/biosensors for real time kinetic analysis of reactions?
Numbering in chlordiazepoxide
Why is the change in entropy is different for different interpretations?
Naming an Ion with respect to its oxidation state
Why selective ring opening of the compound (attached image) by acid catalyst through results in a wide variety of branched iso-paraffins?
Tools for investigating hydrogen bonding
Can we recycle garbage with the principles of mass spectrometry?
Precipitation of Calcium ions in basic Sodium Hydroxide solution?
How would mixing sea salt and honey affect the water activity of honey?
Programs for chemical structure visualisation and drawing 2d and 3d
What concentration (M) of citric acid should I use in a titration with 0.02M LiOH?
Why is silver nitrate used for cyanide titration?
Hazards of Keeping Freshwater Fish in a Container that was Used for Adipic Acid
Calculation of an equilibrium constant when data for reactants and products is given
Nitrogen oxides produced in diazotization
Poly(3-hexyltiophene-2,5-diyl) (P3HT) reactions with inorganic salts in aqueous solution
nomenclature of citric acid
Nontraditional career/grad school path
Carbonic Acid Titration with Sodium Hydroxide
How is dimerization done?
Number of hydrogen bonds of organic compounds?
Why is tin(IV) iodide bright orange while elemental iodine is violet?
E1 and E2 elimination reactions of isotopically labeled bromocyclohexanes
pka from molecular dynamics
What are the chemical formulae for galvanic corrosion of iron (rusting)?
Is it practical to extract zymase from yeast for ethanol production?
If for reversible process, ΔS= 0 for universe (system+surroundings), why would there be non-zero change in gibbs energy?
Is a galvanic cell only called that if copper and zinc are used?
What does a molecules color have to do with its bond/orbital energies?
Why do reactions of sodium halides with sulfuric acid produce sodium hydrogen sulfate instead of sodium sulfate?
Does dissolving a solute lowers the activation energy of a reaction of that solute?
Is hydroquinone polar
What is the patina formed on copper pennies?
Why do some gases have lower value of Z for a particular pressure?
Why are Erlenmeyer flasks shaped the way they are?
Balancing molecular and net ionic equations for reactions
What is the maximum homogeneous nucleation rate of supercooled liquid quartz?
How Fittig reaction gives good yield if phenyl cations are unstable?
Reactivities: interhalogen compounds versus halogens
How is it possible that meta xylene exists?
Is there an easy way to test for the amount of iron (Fe) in water?
Does glycerin promote bacterial growth the same as water?
What is the exact meaning of ionic and covalent character?
Compound with two functional group
Deviation of Ytterbium from general trend
Comparing pKa of Alpha and Beta Amino Acids
What is a prosthetic group of protein? What are prosthetic groups?
Is butanoic acid more soluble in water than ethyl acetate?
Are there any compound lists searchable by elemental content?
Why do atoms bond? Why are unfilled valence shells energetically unstable?
Gamma Spectroscopy: 511 keV peak?
Oxidizers Cabinet
What are reducing sugars?
Find the number of water molecules "embedded" in sucrose
Replacing gas in a chamber
Electron orbital diagram of vanadium
Do bare protons exist, even transiently, in aqueous solution?
What is the correct order of subshell energies?
Why is imidazole considered an electron deficient heterocycle?
Trying to understand the causes and implications of kinks in fatty acid chains
What causes straight fatty molecules to form a lattice (e.g. saturated fats)?
Why are reactions of acids with metals exothermic?
Why are trans fats worse than saturated fats?
Is there a nomenclature for linear alkanes with n carbons?
How is the reaction between Aluminium and Mercury Chloride possible?
Ullmann's Reaction (similar to Wurtz) - aryl chloride with deactivating groups - stability of free radical
Which has more ionic character, LiF or K2O?
Why do unsaturated hydrocarbons burn with a sooty flame while saturated hydrocarbons burn with a clear flame when burnt in the air?
Partial Pressure and Partial Molar Volume
What happens to the lost mass in radioactive decay?
What happens in the NH4Cr2O7 with HgSCN reaction?
What type of acid is found in tea?
Calculating the heat of reaction for Mg metal and HCl
What exactly happens when vegetable oil is partially hydrogenated?
Alkane deprotonation by organolithiums
What does the circle inscribed in a benzene ring represent?
Polar rearrangements: What is this reaction called?
Calculate the number of Carbon atoms in .0400g C7H5NO3S
Colloids dispersion classification
What does chemical bonding look like at the quantum level?
Is there a general term for a vertex in a skeletal formula?
Excitation Source for visible emitting Quantum dots
Boiling point and vapor pressure
Why can mercury(I) exist, but not zinc(I)?
Predicting the products of a redox reaction
Is there a way to Determine if an Element can undergo Disproportionation?
How do the atomic orbitals look like in reality?
Dalton's law of partial pressure
Radicals' formation
Improving efficiency of absorption refrigerator (ammonia+hydrogen)
Why does benzene have a D6h point group?
Does the para position on benzene ring-polymers make the structure stronger?
Why do we assume that it is 1 mol?
Why doesn't tetrachloridotitanate(II) obey the 18-electron rule?
What is difference between T1g and T2g?
how to prepare buffer solutions?
Why do larger alkyl groups show a greater inductive (+I) effect?
Nuclear zero-point energy and quantum delocalization effects of water molecules
Which of the following pairs show common ion effect?
hydroxide ion in water -- How does the dynamic change?
Trends in the covalency of bonding across the transition metals
What do different dissociation constants mean?
Should I round an experimentally determined reaction order to an integer?
Oxidation state of nitrogen in triazirine (HN3)
What's the relationship between chemical polarity and vapor pressure？
Determining Enthalpy Change of the Combustion of Ethanol
Rate of Fenton Reaction
Why can cloud's bottoms be flat?
Instability of gem dihydroxy compounds
What is a 'corona phase'?
Why does Cl- corrode aluminum containers?
Relation between Gibbs energy and net reaction rate
which starting material on heating with concentrated sulfuric acid generate cyclic ester
Changes of Internal Energy un open system
Does complex formation lead to increase in freezing point?
Why does CaCO3 react with HCl, but not with H2SO4?
Does the stoichiometry effect the value of the equilibrium constant of an equilibrium reaction?
How to calculate an enthalpy change for this reaction
Comparing the reactivity towards aromatic electrophilic substitution reaction
Why is an S-S bond stronger than an O-O bond?
How to determine which of the given redox reactions will occur?
Why do we need sulfuric acid in reducing nitric acid?
Protein Data Bank: Asymmetric Anit/Biological Assembly
What are unit cells, and how do you determine the number of atoms in one of them?
What causes soda to fizz and how can it be stopped?
Nucleophilicity with respect to the solvent
Electronic configuration of excited states of iron
Coupling constant in 1H NMR with phosphorus
Balance chemical reaction
How can I pass this concentration to ppm?
Boiling and Exploding Beaker?
Why does calculating formal charges help us draw correct Lewis structures?
Isn't the mechanism of aqueous sodium hydroxide and 1-bromobutane involves both heterolytic bond fission and attacking by a nucleophile?
Reaction between chlorobenzene and methyl chloride
Why NOx will break the ozone sphere
Why does bisulfite (HSO3-) act as a base in this reaction?
Numerical value of mole
why do we call lone *pairs*?
Why does more acetic acid require more sodium hydroxide in order to be neutralized
How are ionic formulas written?
Why does only one reaction occur when so many are possible?
Space in naming Acetophenone
Mixing bleach and ammonia?
Trends in conductivity in groups 1 and 2
Where does the pH come from in the equation of Standard Hydrogen Electrode?
Why hydrofluoric acid (HF) has two Raman bands?
Software for creating the QSAR model?
What is the product of the reaction of 2-methyl-5-phenyl-2-pentene with sulfuric acid?
What does dl- mean in nomenclature
What type of analytical chemistry (such as spectroscopy) is suitable for high resolution air analysis
Calculating KC Given Equilibrium Concentrations
What is the difference between enthalpy (H) and heat (q)?
Why are critical micelle concentrations so large?
How to figure out which substance has the highest osmotic pressure?
How to calculate the rate constant for the reaction of mercury chloride and oxalate?
Reaction of aluminum hydroxide and nitric acid
Which of the following pair of molecules have identical bond dissociation energies (approx)?
Cyclobutylamine with sodium nitrite in dilute HCl
Electrophilic substitution reactions
Sn1 mechanism and concentration of neucleophile
Meaning of Flammability Limits and reaction in Air of Ammonia
Concentration of a species outside buffer region (polyprotic acid titration)
Determining structure using HNMR and IR
Deuterium removal from water
E1 elimination and alkyne formation
Ranking gases by value of the van der Waals equation-of-state constant 'a'?
Carbocation Stability
Which method can be used to determine the pKa of an acid-base indicator like bromothymol blue?
How do people know HCN smells like almonds?
Line spectrum of boron
Uses of oxidizing and reducing flames
excitation upon emission from 2 LEDs
Why can't two Silicon tetraoxide tetrahedrons share an edge or a face?
Galvanic cell of copper and zinc
Ammonia Reaction with O2
Why are potential electrolytes poor conductors in the pure liquid state?
What type of isomers are cis-but-2-ene and 2-methylpropene?
What are the steps to balance this equation? confused
Does aluminium (III) react with copper?
What is this SMILES notation: C[Si](C)C |^1:1|
Why is the oxidation state of carbon in carbon monoxide +2? Why does its dipole moment point from oxygen to carbon?
How to use the enthalpy of formation to assess the energy stored in a molecule?
Farnesyl Diphosphate: Chemical commercial synthesis
Effect of Steric Environment on Selectivity of Protection by Sisyl Chlorides
Is every chemical reaction in equilibrium?
Determine formula of hydrocarbon from combustion data
Difference between biosynthesis in organism versus lab
Safety regarding multiple metals in same acid solution
Why are X-rays used in crystallography?
Pressure increase on rate of reaction
How can one make graphene cables?
Smell of the methanol
What is the name for a reaction with a solid product rising from its container?
Can fumes from using bleach seep through plastic packaging and glass jars
Where does the rate equation come from? (r = k [A]^x [B]^y)
Making a 10L HCl solution with 8.77% HCl in a 100 mL solution from a 16 M stock solution
Using a calcium metal anode in aqueous solution?
Colorimetric test for methanol
Is Van der Waal's force the real source of friction?
Why does final pH value of buffer solution after addition of acid not depend on amount added?
What is the chemical equation for cooking rice?
What wavelength of light is released when an electron drops an energy level in complexes?
Glycine in magnesium glycinate
What causes rapid nitrogen inversion?
optical rotation of styrene oxide
How can I determine the activation energy of a reaction if the reaction rate constant is unknown?
Does the addition or multiplication rule have precedence deciding the significant figures in 5×5.364?
Do symmetric hydrogen bonds in neutral molecules exist?
Reaction between tubli root and jatropha leaf
Why can't this be another structural isomer of ethanol?
Is gravity an obstacle for homogenous solvation due to diffusion?
How to balance this redox reaction?
Is there an example of a closed shell molecule with a permanent ground state magnetic dipole?
How to assign oxidation number of sulfur in thiocyanate anion?
HSO4- ion equilibrium, which side more acidic
Why can't electrons be transferred using hydrogen ions?
Determining where a group will direct an addition
Does an irreversible reaction have an equilbrium between reactants and products?
Dissimilar metals and thin layers
why the formula of coca cola can not be find using chemistry?
How to calculate pH?
Why do the first and second ionizations of a diprotic acid produce the same hydronium ion concentrations in solution?
Vapor Pressure - Sealed Vessel
Sodium thiosulfate and Hydrochloric acid
Which book should I use?
Preparation of KHSO4
How to get specific concentration of carbonic acid in solution?
How does charge density affect the rate of a decomposition?
Are there no d-electrons in calcium?
Creating an exothermic reaction through exposure to oxygen
Brillouin's Theorem: How do other determinants mix with the ground state?
What is a electronic configuration of scandium ion?
Process to separate Lauric Acid from Coconut Oil
Non-carbon based life forms on hot planets
How is enthalpy change equal to heat supplied at constant volume?
Dow's Process for the manufacture of phenol
How to choose which reactants to have in excess?
Side Products of Dow's process
Which compound is more reactive towards acetylation, 4-aminophenol or 4-aminocyclohexanol?
Kolbe's electrolysis method for getting alkanes
Approximate magnetic susceptibility of these liquid propellants?
Role of Cu in Corey-House synthesis
How to calculate Ka for hydronium and Kb for hydroxide?
What happens when a semipermeable membrane allows only one solute to pass through?
What happens at equilibrium for two solutions that produce gasses?
Resistivity of pure water vs salt water for electrolysis
Energy of orbitals under a crystal field
Why does increasing orbital energy mean an electron can be more easily lost?
Which substance can be easily adsorbed by charcoal?
Are highest energy electrons lost first?
Can molten aluminium be used to reduce iron oxide (rust) into iron?
Is it valid to use Gibbs Free Energy for gases?
Which species occupy the equatorial positions in VSEPR's trigonal bipyramidal and octahedral geometry
dsp2 and sp3 hybrid orbital shapes in coordination chemistry
Nomenclature of benzene derivatives with two functional groups
Does acetic acid give a positive result with the iodoform test?
What are these stains on my stainless steel pans?
Carbon Dioxide Solubility in Water
What are 1A_g and 1B_u excitons?
Would the mixture of vinegar and baking soda make a cleaning agent?
Analysis of multiple spectra to determine an unknown structure
Why does bond length decrease with increased basis set quality for SCF methods?
Non-Linear Solubility Trend
Gibbs Free Energy and Entropy
Why does plastic tear easier when you pull it quickly?
What does it mean to define entropy as a measure of a systems internal energy per unit temperature which is unavailable to do work?
electrolysis of aqueous zinc nitrate
Why can't lone pairs remain in unhybridised orbitals?
Galvanic cell chemistry
How to Calculate Transition Dipole Moment from Two Known Wavefunctions
Nucleophilicty and Basicity of OH and F
Why are some addition reactions syn and some anti?
Wurtz reaction on acidic alkanes
Is there an algorithm that counts Joback groups in a structure?
Melting temperature and electronegativity trends in transition metals
Why is the 5d orbital instead of the 4f orbital filled in lanthanum?
relations between topology and organic chemistry
How would Dalton's law be affected when there are two ideal gases in a container at different temperatures?
Behavior of π-conjugated chromophores in the presence of light
Does timing matter when adding coconut oil to rice to reduce calories?
How many d-eletrons are in the outer shell of following compounds:
Activated carbon filter vs. Reverse osmosis filter
An explosion in a custard factory
What is the preferred IUPAC name of o-toluidine?
How will water move across a membrane that is permeable to only one solute?
Do allenes form rings?
How many d-electrons are in the outer shell of the metals in following compounds:
Can I convert from an emission amount (in tonnes per area) to a concentration (in ppbv)?
Why is NaBr only a reducing agent? Can you tell if something is a reducing/oxidizing/both agent?
Reaction Penetrating Metal Sheet
What do DNA crystals look like?
Acidity of non-transition cations
Nucleophilicity/basicity in protic and aprotic solvents
The stability of the cupric and cuprous ions
Do the tetramminecopper(II) and hexathiocyanatoferrate(III) complexes obey the 18-electron rule?
How does cooling increase the selectivity of a reaction producing the kinetic vs the thermodynamic product?
Where does the sulfuric acid, used in Contact Process for manufacturing sulfuric acid, come from?
Making o-bromoaniline from aniline
Will there ever be a "last element"?
Calculating rate constant of intersystem crossing from Jablonski diagram
Double Bond or Aldehyde priority?
What is the significance of "magic numbers" of atoms in nanoparticles?
If chemical reactions occur because everything tends to a lower energy state, why is there such a thing as equilibrium?
Orbital and state correlation diagram for ring-closure of pentadienyl to a cyclic allyl
Mass of salt required to make a 1.2 g/ml solution
Crystal structure vs melting point
What is an algorithm for drawing resonance structures?
Why does rdkit's `AllChem.ReactionFromSmarts.RunReactants` return a tuple of tuples?
Are empty orbitals degenerate?
Electrolytic conductivity vs metallic conductivity in a galvanic cell
What will form in the hydrolysis of urea in urine?
Product formed under ethoxide/ethanol and heating?
How to compare acidity in the following aniline derivatives?
How does a catalyst accelerate both forward/reverse reactions simultaneously?
Are there ion combinations which can't be separated using the ion exchange resin method?
Is styrene more or less reactive than benzene towards electrophiles?
Why does sodium chloride not conduct as much as aluminum chloride in water?
Correlation between functional group and viscosity of an organic compound?
How did chemists in the 18th century learn that magnesium gain mass when it's burned?
Pauli-forbidden term symbols for atomic carbon
Viscosity of branched vs. linear short alkanes
Why quaternary nitrogen but not tertiary oxygen?
RCSB PDB - how to choose between multiple copies of the same protein?
Ballistic behavior of molecules on potential energy surfaces
Can rate of reaction depend on both the reactants and the product?
Does a wavefunction have to be an eigenfunction of an operator in order to obtain an expectation value?
How to calculate molar mass using the ideal gas law?
Titration curve graph, finding exact point of the equivalence point
dissociation of aluminum sulfate in water
Relative basicity of fluorine and oxygen in silyl ether deprotection
Determine reaction rate constant from the reaction time?
Relationship between enthalpy change and endo/exothermic reactions
Buffer formation in weak acid/strong base titration?
Enthalpy change for exothermic and endothermic reactions
How to apply Le Chatelier's principle?
Why is the boiling point of sulfuric acid much higher than that of phosphoric acid?
Would adding acetic acid from household vinegar to washing machine make it too dilute to be effective?
Arrangement of elements in the reactivity series
Identifying the dependence of various time-independent wavefunctions
Which substance(s) can solve gelatin (on film stock)?
How much energy is stored when H+ is converted to H2?
How to store bulk gas products and reagents?
Theoretical temperature change in lime hydration
IR spectra and melting point range comparison
Perovskite reaction equation (KMnF3)
Why are vegetable oils better than water in cooking?
Hydrogen bonding in staggered vs eclipsed conformations
How to determine the hydroxide ion concentration in an acidic aqueous solution?
Chlorination of propene at 773 K
Why do tosylation and mesylation of alcohols follow different mechanisms?
What else other than zinc can reduce Cr(III) to Cr(II)?
Using absorbance to find amount of a substance in a sample
Calcium sulfate soluble in water
Find the amount of atoms for a given mass
What causes transition from smoldering combustion to flame combustion?
Liquid-liquid caffeine extraction
Is it possible for a liquid chemical to have a pH value lower than its aqueous solution?
Identifying pentane isomers
Nomenclature of a tertiary amine
How to alkalize moist fabric
What liquid other than water that is safe to put on your skin will provide the most evaporative cooling?
Why is phosphorous acid diprotic and not triprotic?
Mechanism of an epoxide ring opening with trimethylaluminium
How is the trend of acidity in the sequence: phosphinic, phosphonic, phosphoric acid explained?
Choosing an electrolyte for a galvanic cell
Prevention of rusting
Solving for gas law partial derivative
Ab initio effective potentials
Where does the charge on an electrode, responsible for the formation of a double layer once submerged in an electrolyte, come from?
Electrolysis of brine without a membrane
mechanism in formulation of mesylates and tosylates
Deuterium depleted water through fractional distilation
Active methylene group nucleophilic substitution
What is the difference between pH and pKa?
Will t-butoxide still form less substituted alkene when there is a possiblity for more stabilisation?
Why can a face-centered cubic lattice not be redrawn as a body-centered tetragonal lattice?
Hydrogen donor without hydrogen acceptor?
Nomenclature and chemical formulae for bridged dinuclear chromium complexes
Why is ICl5 unstable?
How many atoms of Lithium are there in 14.3 grams of Lithium Fluoride?
What does addition of iodine and base do this case?
Output of the Sugar & Sulfuric Acid Reaction?
Thermodynamic versus kinetic reactions
What is the correct order of chemical reactivity in terms of oxidising property for the following elements: F, Cl, O, and N
Rotation around CC bond in 1,2-dioxetane: transition states and local minimum structures
Entropy and Heat Capacity Trend in water
Photoionisation microscopy of hydrogen - where are the p orbitals?
2nd Electron Affinity of halogens
The temperature rise after neutralisation
Ranking order of nucleophilicity
Creating Molecular Orbital and Walsh Diagrams
Nomenclature of saturated aliphatic hetrocyclic amines with an alkyl group on the nitrogen
Warning during geometry optimization via Gaussian
What are the height and width of the large and small nodes of the sp3 hybridized orbitals of carbon and silicon?
Zinc oxide reduction in ethanol
Thermodynamic versus kinetic reactions 2
Formation of nitrate esters
Is organic carbon the same thing as organic compounds?
Determine reaction rate from reaction time?
Exhaust gas purification
Energetics of Bond formation
Net ionic equations for an aqueous solution
Why is HCl a stronger acid than Acetic Acid?
Why is tetramethylsilane (TMS) used as an internal standard in NMR spectroscopy?
Ion/Counter ion layers in the colloid precipitate of silver chloride
What is the criterion for filling up of electrons in molecular orbitals of increasing energy in simple diatomic species?
Metal Carbonyl Bonding
how to identify reaction medium by looking at the equation ( for h2o2)?
Do absorbances of different compounds at one wavelength sum up?
Potassium Alum Crystals
How to calculate the electrical potential and mols of electrons transferred from combined half cell equations?
Autoprotolysis Constant of Water
Why can't we find the density and molarity given the masses of solute/solvent and molar masses?
What are the oxidizing and reducing agents in the reaction?
reconciling free energy equations
What is the chemistry behind heat produced when blood is bleached?
How to choose the correct volumes when preparing a dilution series?
Addition of anodes and cathodes in electrolysis
Separate toluene from acetone and isopropyl alcohol
Voltage sensitive compounds that undergo a conformational change?
How accurate would be the following conclusion on 'Critical Temperature'?
Denatured Ethyl Alcohol Purification
Solublity values interpretation
Find the molarity of the filtrate
Real Gas Equation
Pressure Cooker at High Altitudes and Low Altitudes
(stereochemistry)epoxide from alkene
Stereochemistry in Sn2 reaction
Why do some periodic tables have 18 groups while others have 8?
Why is the hypoiodite anion unstable in solution, whereas hypochlorite is relatively stable?
Reduction of chlorate with phosphorus
Why don't labile protons such as -OH and -NH have a characteristic chemical shift?
Why do NMR spectrums have the higher chem shift values closer to x-axis?
Naming of bicyclo[2.2.1]hept-5-ene-1,4,5,6-tetramethyl-3-bromo-2-ethyl carboxylate
Lithium ion battery - measure C rate
Changing the spectroscopy type to infrared in GC-MS
Calculating equilibrium constant given Ka value?
Titration curve, how to find equivalence point
How to calculate the electrochemical potential of Iron(II/III) and saturated calomel electrode?
acid-catalyzed ring opening of epoxide
Theoretical yields and determining the number of moles in a reaction
Inter-classification of organic chemistry functional groups (carboxyl vs alcohol & ether vs ester)
What is the balanced equation for H2O2 + KI + dish soap
Determine moles of limiting reagent
Kinetic isotope effect in nitration of benzene
Why is this a Lewis structure of ethyl acetate?
How to get 3D molecular structures for 270 compounds?
How can I tell which parts of this example drug are necessary parts of its pharmacophore?
Why p,d and f orbitals have non spherical shapes
What is the difference between reversible and irreversible work done in adiabatic process?
Logical way to compare dipole moment
3000 mg/L NH4-N solution, pH 7.8
Thermodynamic control or kinetic control?
What is number of moles of limiting reagent in this chemical reaction?
Shape of Weak-Strong Acid-Base Titration
Can diastereomers form a racemic mixture?
Making benzoyl chloride - yellow liquid and a precipitate?
Is there any possibility of tautomerisation to en-ol form?
Is SiO2 is a polar molecule or not?
Are graphite and hexagonal boron nitride aromatic
Pressure of carbon dioxide due to two simultaneous equilibriums
Confusion in finding electrophilic centre
Structure and Vibrational Spectroscopy
2 electrons with the same spin in the same orbital
What happens at a molecular level when you cook meat?
Why is HClO4 the strongest oxyacid?
Is there a systematic way of remembering the names and formula of Oxoacids of Phosphorus?
is ph at eq point dependent on acid concentration at all
Thermodynamics : Work Done by a Gas
what would be p-v diagram for irreversible isothermal expansion
How many total absorptions would appear on proton -NMR spectrum for this molecule?
Which is more basic, piperidine or pyrrolidine and why?
How to remember/write molecular formulas?
Creating ethane through electrolysis of vinegar
Colligative properties
weird patterns in solutions
Steric factor v's electronic factor?
Substitution reaction
Protonation of a compound having alcohol and ethereal linkage
change of pH in urine
How does increasing the molecular mass of compounds of homologous series affect solubility?
Maximum amount of P4
What is the difference between Alkanes and Polymers?
Understanding basicity of heterocyclic compounds
pKa and pH behaviour of a drug lignocain
Is the pressure of a gas proportional with the concentration of a gas?
Why are amines more soluble than ethers in water?
Why does selenophene not undergo aromatic substitution?
Stoichiometry Assignment
Reactivity of Alkanes, Alkenes, and Alkynes
Does a cationic 1,3-triphosphinane react with a methyl cation?
Does diamagnetic anisotropy only apply to a proton bonded to triple bonded carbon?
Why are molecular reactions endo- or exo-thermic?
Precaution steps on qualitative analysis (inorganic salts)
Difference between oxidation and formal charge
Calculating current for electrolysis process
Doubts on Diffusion/ Effusion of gases at different pressures
Hydrogen bonding in complex compounds?
Is adsorption exothermic, and if so, why?
Is it possible to create a ketone using ozonolysis, when you have an alkene with no alkyl groups?
Is the voltmeter in a galvanic cell in parallel?
Empirical formula of Glauber's salt
Which will be the most acidic hydrogen in the following organic compounds?
Most acidic compound amongs the following unsaturated ketones?
How is it possible to safely use carbon monoxide as a fuel?
heat capacity at constant volume and internal energy
HDEHP and complexes formed in extraction
What is the hybridisation state of the sulfur atom in S4N4F4?
On stretching a rubberband does the entropy increase or decrease?
How to quantize the shape of a molecule?
Formation of thermodynamic product from 1,4-addition
Placement of Electrodes for Electrochemistry?
What does ozone smell when treating with household water?
Why do hydroxyl groups only produce a singlet in proton NMR?
How is the pka related to the ph of the solution for an amine?
Does the synthesis of beta-keto phosphonates from esters have a name?
Does this NMR show the carboxy group?
Electrolysis of Water: Overvoltage?
Single Point Energy in Gaussian software
Is there a difference between negative/positive controls and control/experimental groups?
Formation of water vapour during combustion
Combustibility of gas/carbon dioxide mix
Why does the temperature of the gas in a container moving with constant velocity does not change?
GCMS Peak Identification: Online or Open Source / Free Programs?
Formation of Tropylium carbocation
Stability Comparison between the Tropylium and Tricyclopropylcarbinyl Carbocation
Why is copper(II) carbonate not selected as an unknown compound for back titration? (Whereas another unknown carbonate is used instead?)
Combustion that generates no gas?
First usage of PEG (Poly ethylene glycol) on surfaces against biofouling
Why is it important to minimize impurities when doping a semiconductor?
Comparison of rate of reaction in bromination and chlorination
Why are silver halides insoluble in nitric acid
Synthesis from cyclic ketone to alcohol
Why only the unstable resonating structure proceeds in the reaction?
Determine rate equations for entire kinetic scheme
Synthesis of 3-Methylenecyclopentene from 1-methylCyclobutene
Why does increasing surface area of the electrode decrease resistance?
Current in a galvanic cell
Why are there no hydrogen atoms in the crystal structure of a biomolecule?
Chlorination by SOCl2 vs SO2Cl2
Comparison of standard reducing potential of Co3+ and Mn3+
The difference between hydroxide and oxyhydroxide
Delocalised electron in graphite
Trifluoroacetic acid, Formic acid and dichloromethane
Why is LiOH a weaker base than NaOH
Does the Dieckmann Reaction proceed via the conjugated enolate of the product?
What was the lithium concentration in 1940's 7-Up?
What is the major product in the reaction of 2,3-dichlorobutane with sodium amide in liquid ammonia?
Which is more electronegative: hydrogen or astatine?
How to transfer precise volumes of viscous substances from a container to a beaker?
Synthesis of indigo from anthranilic acid - reaction not taking place
Can you synthesize phenol from salicyladehyde?
Finding value of equilibrium constant
What happens to the shielding of the proton when an alcohol is oxidized?
Ammonium Hydroxide Name
why is yield of a reaction negative?
Litmus paper - turning red, blue and even bleached
Is LiOH a weaker base than NaOH?
Stoichiometry and iodometric titrations
Theoretical Value of Activation Energy of Potassium Iodate and Sodium Bisulfite?
Volume change inside a balloon upon decreasing the the outer pressure
Is it possible to have an airborn fluorescent particle that reacts to lightning?
Why do steel and iron not passivate the way aluminum does?
Molar concentration of water and pKa value
Calculating molar mass from gas data
Canonical structures of (1E)-prop-1-en-1-yl acetate
derivation of enthalpy internal energy relationship
Formulas of synthetic polymers
Is carbonyl-enol tautomerization only intermolecular or can it be intramolecular?
Is there a way to force C-protonation of an enolate?
Is there an equilibruim in an unsaturated calcium hydroxide solution?
Gibbs Free Enegy using electrode potential under standard conditions
Internal energy calculation
What are dipole moments in a molecule supposed to act upon?
Reactions of ketones and aldehydes
Is there any process to determine what elements a physical sample is made from?
Estimating for atomic number for an "unknown element"
What is the simplest way to create a precipitation reaction at home
How to estimate the concentration of OH that comes from just the autoprolysis of water in a basic solution?
Arterial blood CO2 content, division and partial pressure
Shape of the blood CO2 dissociation curve
Band alignment of heterojunctions
How to calculate the pH of soft drinks based on titration data?
Do we use activities or concentrations in the rate expression?
Why is hydrogen peroxide non-planar?
Is it possible to efficiently convert hydrogen to methane?
Glass electrode pH measurement
Lattice Energy (enthalpy)
Substitution at thionyl chloride sulfur
Reaction of hypohalous acids with alkenes
The mathematical condition for a complete complexation reaction
Basicity of heterocyclic compounds
Why is the effect of competitive antagonist less than the effect of non-competetive antagonists?
Why do some insoluble salts undergo slow chemical reaction instead of dissociation in water?
Toxic levels of baking soda
Conductivity of Wüstite
Reaction of aluminum sulfate in water
Why did my lemon and penny battery fail?
In an SN1 reaction, 1-bromohexane reacts with NaOH, but would the Na or H be the nucleophile that substitutes the Bromine?
What is the formally correct notation of t-Bu, i-Pr, p-NO2, n-Bu, a-HCl, etc.?
Studying Chemistry
Electrolysis of concentrated NaCl
Percolation network analysis with 1H MAS solid state NMR
Getting the wrong pH value, according to data and online calculator
Friedel-Crafts alkylation of five-membered heterocycles
Does SiCl2 exist and its possible structure
Conversion of carboxylic acid to alcohol
mechanism in Birch reduction
Production of acetone from egg shells and vinegar
Hydrogen Peroxide - Iron Nail Galvanic Cell?
Anion formation in an alpha particle-neutral atom interaction?
Single step transformation of a carboxylic acid into an aldehyde
How to decide from the solubility product constants which hydroxide precipitates first?
Did my teacher specialist about sulfur compounds made an error in part of Ramberg-Bäcklund rearragement mechanism?
The diference between covalent molecule lattice and covalent network lattice
Is HCl(l) acidic?
Why is boric acid soapy to touch?
How to apply the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle in calculations on the movement of bacteria?
Factors affecting mass of a gas-evolving reaction mixture over time
What happens to particulate matter after collection via electrostatic precipitator?
why the buffer capacity depends on the ratio of salt and acid in acidic buffer?
Why don't the solute molecules in a volatile solvent also escape to contribute to vapor pressure?
Type of adsorption in catalysis
Why wouldn't solvents be interchanged in isotonic solutions?
Error propagation
Is everything in organic chemistry arbitrary?
Mechanism for the CBS reduction?
Lanthanides react with mineral oil?
Why is there no Pi-backbonding in BeCl2?
Le Chatelier's principle with pure solids and liquids
Entropy and enthalpy of hydrogen ion?
Can anyone identify this glassware?
Why aqueous hydroxide is slippery (beyond just saponification)
Stabilization of ipso and para position in Birch reduction by EWG of aromatic ring
Reagent for identification of Water Hemlock (Cicuta) or Cicutoxin?
Why are 7-membered rings less likely to form than 5- and 6- membered rings?
Microscale Experimentation vs. Preparative Synthesis during drug development
Finding the energy given out when 2 moles of reactants are mixed and ignited from a balanced equation
Naming unsaturated hydrocarbons
Is ammonia an acid or a base?
How to prove at what pH the color of an indicator will change based on its pKa?
lassaigne's nitrogen detection test
Angular Momentum Of S-subshell of an atom?
Can't you form a ring from almost any number of sides from carbon?
Is peroxynitrous acid an isomer of nitric acid?
Does a frying pan use radiation?
How to calculate the rate of reaction of Sodium and Chlorine
Chemical measurement questions
Exothermic liquid-liquid mixing
Counterintuitive Reaction of Aluminium On Steel Balls
pH of a buffer made with boric acid and potassium dihydrogen borate
Wattage to produce 6L of air from Water in less than a second?
How to estimate the number of hydrogen bridges in a bouncing ball?
Bimolecular and Isomerization reactions
Can we find 100% probability region in an orbital if the position of an electron is limited by speed of light?
Oleum is used to prepare sulfuric acid. Why do H2O+SO3 not give H2SO4?
Why are the given compounds in a homologous series?
H NMR of 4-chlorochalcone
Free radical substitution - bromination of ethane
Hybridization in Oxygen and Nitrogen
H2 Triplet State
Calibration of a spectrophtometer
What does Molecular Orbital Theory get wrong?
Does the order of protonation/deprotonation in the formation of hemiacetals matter?
Do you say "reduce something to polystyrene"?
Measuring reaction rates when reactants and products both have (different) molar extinctions at the chosen wavelenghth
Why does fluorine act as a leaving group in organophosphates?
The time scale of calculations in computational chemistry
vertically growing icicle
Isotropic Fermi Contact Couplings vs. Dipolar Coupling Constant
Isotopes and their percentage existence in atmosphere
Benzyl (3,4-difluorophenyl)carbamate reaction with epoxide in basic conditions
How to mix small amount of alcohol into coconut oil
Where did I go wrong in the following calculation for molar conductivity?
Does crystalline glass exist?
How to read solubility graph
Mechanism for ring contraction from 2-methylenecyclobutanol to 1-methylcyclopropanecarbaldehyde
Why do acetylene and chlorine react to yield carbon and HCl, but acetylene and bromine react less intensely?
Minerals in water solidify when heated?
Identify products of Propiophenone using nmr
How to explain the different regioselectivity of ketones/imines reacting with LDA?
Allotropes of Phosphorus
Is a strontium-fluorine battery the highest voltage battery using pure elements?
Basic Intro to Quantum Chemistry. Two Slit Experiment and Bohr Model
Why are metals conductive in terms of orbitals?
Safe endothermic reaction that gets below freezing?
Why is 2H2O2 -> 2H2O + O2 a first order reaction?
Volatile nature and odour
Why is this stereocenter by the Br an R? I thought it was S?
Reference request - Nomenclature of organophosphorus compounds?
How to calculate the abundances of certain gases from the peak areas, GC-MS
Is ethylene diamine tetra acetate a misnomer?
Fraction of cube Volume empty
What are the different types of van der Waals forces?
Is the structure of a crystalized protein the native one?
Dipole moment of molecule (isolated vs in solution)
How does concentration affect The Position Of Equilibrium?
Which pH approximation to choose when?
Why can't HS- participate in E1 reactions?
Calculating the molarity of an acid solution
Naming of elements 113, 115, 117, and 118
Mechanism in formation of acetals
A way to turn KCl into KOH is needed
Multiphasic liquid "flotation" experiment
What does "parts by weight" or "parts by mass" specifically mean?
Trying to displace iron from ferrous sulphate heptahydrate using aluminium foil but nothing has happened
How dependent are computed charges using the quantum theory of atoms in molecules on the used level of theory?
Comparison of rate of dehydration of primary, secondary & tertiary alcohols on cyclohexane
Fractional distillation of crude oil and resulting fuel ratios
Metal carbonate + carbonic acid?
Can ionic and covalent bond be explained in terms of orbitals?
Compound formed from concentrated sulfuric acid and sulfur
DL vs dl notation
Solubility of Alum
Why is KI oxidized by H2SO4, whereas NaBr isn't oxidised?
Is NaH2PO4 and Na2HPO4 buffer a neutral buffer?
Why does bromine react with iron(II) but not iodine?
Gas solubility in water and alcohol
How do you find the heat capacity of a calorimeter?
Is calcium hydroxide or potassium hydroxide more efficient at removing carbon dioxide?
Endothermic Reaction with Specific Details
Degree of dissociation of acetic acid at infinite dilution
Does standard electrode potential of a reaction depend on stoichiometric coefficients?
Ionic Compounds and finding Anions
How many electrons are around the platinum in an ethenetriplatinate complex?
How are SN2 transition states stabilised by adjacent double bonds and carbonyl groups?
Chair conformation chirality
How to explain the structure of HNO3 with a Molecular Orbital diagram?
Required temperature for the reduction of iron oxide using carbon
How many significant numbers(figures) are in repeating decimal (105-32)×5/9=40.5555...?
Electronegativity (Oxygen and Phosphorus)
Hot-side and Cold-side rechargeable chemical compound
Nomenclature of a fused tricyclic hydrocarbon
Production of hydrogen using vinegar and metal for experiments
Supermarket HDPE plastic bags safety
Which of the following alkenes would produce two products when they undergo an addition reaction with hydrogen bromide?
How can you find the concentration of copper(II) ions in a solution of 0.5 mole copper(II) chloride and 0.5 mole of copper(II) sulfate?
Fe 2+ and MnO4- titration?
If I have an alloy of two materials, will I have a chemical reaction between the two materials
Gases produced by bacterial decomposition of human urine
Draw a structure for each of the following isomers of unsaturated amine 1
HPLC: peak area vs concentration
The effects of adding neutrons to an atom
Dismutation of ethanoic acid
Mechanism in Acid chloride formation
Relative stability of carboxylic acid derivatives
Why do nitro groups preferentially bond through the nitrogen rather than the oxygen?
Brown color at end point during titration with phenolphthalein as indicator
Can you undo 'blackening' from Chromium after exposure to bleach?
Why does 1,3-dihydroxybenzene have a higher boiling point than 1,2-dihydroxybenzene?
Lewis structures of S2N2 and [S4]2+
Does crystal field splitting energy Δ increase going down a group of transition metals if the ligands are weak field?
Troubleshoot anion exchange column (Fe, Cr, Co separation)?
Methyl anthranilate sulfuric acid - acid base reaction
Why is WF6 stable whereas CrF6 is unknown?
Is it possible to "brute-force" material creation through algorithms?
Why can Bi not achieve its 4+ oxidation state?
Why does adding PBS to a lipid+propylene glycol solution cause the lipid to precipitate?
In NMR Spectroscopy why use absorption and dispersion components of the FID spectrum rather than magnitude and phase?
Dissolving Tylenol Science Experiment - why is it fastest in distilled water?
Will bases typically precipitate silver atoms from silver ions?
Does sulfuric acid formed in a previous step dehydrate a secondary alcohol?
Adding reduction potentials?
Is (2R,3S)-butane-2,3-diol chiral?
Could we bond hydrogen to the edges of covalent network structures like diamond?
nucleophilic attack in Acid chloride formation
Hands and chirality
Volume changes when mixing DMSO and water
Resonance in phenoxide anion
Production of hydrogen through the reaction of aluminium metal and sodium hydroxide
Supersaturated gas solution
Do Moore's tables really exist?
Ionization Energy and Electron Affinity
Is this amide compound electrophilic enough to be attacked by a cyclopentadiene in base?
Making Ferric Chloride using HCl and Ferrum
What is called a salt?
Why are anti aromatic compounds unstable?
Reaction between sodium carbonate and water
Carbocation ring expansion jump
solubility trends of alkaline earth metals
Dexamethasone radius of gyration source
Reaction of iron with steam
How can the mass increase in a chemical reaction?
Deriving an expression for the constant pressure heat capacity
Why are certain reflections forbidden in body centered cubic and face centered cubic structures?
What does electrolysis of Cu(NO3)2 produce?
How to treat pressure in computational chemistry?
How should I name this branched alkyl substituent?
How does Gaussian 09 normalize the excitation coefficients?
What would be a safe/good surfactant for ultrasonic cleaning vinyl records + distilled water and isopropyl alcohol
Tri-iodination of 2-methylpropane
Junction Potential at Each End of a Salt Bridge
Do there exist metals that are composed of molecules?
Preferred IUPAC names for branched unsaturated hydrocarbons (polyenes)?
1-bromo-2-fluorobenzene reaction with magnesium and furan
How do I open volumetric flask with with 1M HCl?
What does a fractional order of reaction mean for the mechanism?
What is the compound called when it is in solution?
How can I obtain oxygen gas from plagioclase
Does changing the volume of a reactant affect the rate of reaction? Does changing the volume of HCl affect the rate of a Mg & HCl reaction?
Common ingredient between two disinfectants?
What are compounds with the same mass called?
Why are hybrid orbitals more efficient at overlapping?
Negative hyperconjugation stabilizes tricyclopentane derivate
Is water committed to vapor state at boiling point or after?
Synthetic options for selective hydroxylation at terminal position
How does Drain opener decompose?
When can we add multiple reactions to compute yield of products in an equilibrium?
Wetting properties of FTO coated glass
Finding the Yield
Order of Bonding in Nonaqeuous Hydrated Salts
Solution , Solubility and Colligative Property?
Relative Solubilities of Salts in Acidic Solution
Intuition on Gibbs Free Energy
How oil store all this power
Best oxidizing and reducing agents: Na, Zn^2+, Ba, Ba^2+, and Ag?
How does metal ions assist oxidative rancidity?
Cold fusion via chemical reactions?
Is micelle formation in a soap solution a chemical reaction?
How do we find the angular, radial nodes and the quantum numbers when the radial probability distribution curve's equation is given?
How much energy is converted in light when you burn a candle?
Will the addition of salt further cool down ice that is already at -30 °C?
Poor aqueous solubility of chloroazodin
U- or RO-method for Singlet-Triplet Gap?
Which is the better leaving group: R- or H-?
Order of priority for including functional groups in the parent chain compared to order of priority for numbering the parent chain
Whether amino acids exist as zwitterions in the liquid and gaseous phases
Can you get oxygen form silica or alumina?
What type of isomerism relates an allene from a conjugated diene?
How long does it take to turn aluminum smelters on and off?
What is the hybridization state of E (= Sn, C) in ECl₂?
Exothermic reaction between sodium carbonate and castile soap
What is the difference between standard chemical potential (μ standard) and the "pure" chemical potential (μ*)?
Enthalpy and Internal Energy in Constant Volume Calorimeter
Electolysis of H2O to produce O2(g), in a small, portable unit
Dispersion forces - what determines which molecule will have its electron cloud repelled?
Are electron orbitals in a helium atom degenerate?
Are these three molecules optical isomers?
Can H4O 2+ form?
E / Z Isomers GC peaks for identification; Would GC-MS help?
Is the chemical structure of an amide bond (-CONH) or (-CONH2)?
Using Hydrogen Peroxide to clean toilet
Why isn't an Acid-base titration curve linear?
Why is Kc not affected by change in pressure?
Is copper an element or molecule?
Volume of one equivalent of a gas
Are there any other reagents except HNO3 and H2SO4 for Nitration?
Comparing strengths of Hydrogen Bonds
Why is DBU the most popular base with an amidino group? Does the basic strength have something to do with the ring size being 7 for one of the rings?
How do I determine the average carbon oxidation numbers in ethanol and ethanal?
Can we make chromatography less troublesome?
What is the difference between a positive and negative electron orbital?
Precipitaiton of aragonite
Why does chromium metal not react with a solution of Mg^2+ even though their standard cell potentials produce a net positive voltages?
Reasonably complete infrared spectral database with data in CSV form?
Why there is an Upper Explosive concentration Limit?
What is more important, to have the parent chain be the cycle or the chain that has an hydroxyl group
Binding Energy and Enzyme Rate
Is there any reason to fear personal exposure to rain with a pH of 3.1?
What means can be used to distinguish different sorts of plastic?
Difference in properties between a substitutional and an interstitial alloy?
Experimentally finding order of a reaction
Bond Type of Lead: Metallic or Network Covalent?
pH of a redox reaction between nickel(IV) oxide and silver
Why is the magnesium(II) ion preferred over other ions in chlorophyll?
How to determine pH of food in order to avoid unsuitable storage containers
How to balance the reaction equation of potassium permanganate, calcium oxalate, and sulfuric acid step by step?
Why can't you use m-CPBA to synthesise isophorone oxide from isophorone?
What does solubility limit mean in practical terms?
How is knowing about the symmetry of a crystal useful
Correct term/word for bias in calculations?
Lubricants and rubber
Spreading of Chemicals (chemistry lab)
Simplified Chromatography - will this work?
Can one predict the entropy change for aqueous phase reactions without calculation?
Selectivity in Suzuki coupling of 2,4-dichloropyrimidine
What reactions does this steel cold-bluing solution undergo?
Does exothermic solvation mean solute is more soluble at low temp?
How to deterime the number of equivalents of Grignard reagent used for this reaction?
Is it possible to write a redox reaction with two oxidations and one reduction together?
What is the mechanism for the conversion of thiourea to diazomethane?
Absorption of Diazepam/Valium
Difference between aldehydes and ketones
What is the meaning of "charge separation" in resonance?
Basicity of Acetic acid
Decarboxylation / Elimination type reaction
Do Grignard reagents deprotonate amines?
Software for visualizing molecular force vectors
Naming compound with multiple carbonyl and/or hydroxyl groups
Can we make glass by heating Martian Soil
The solubility of different compounds relative to each other in water
Determine the concentration of hydrogen cations to prevent precipitation of monocalcium phosphate?
Tin in silver nitrate, any soln color change?
Does this produce the anti-Markovnikov product because of the ROOR?
Can I remove flesh from seeds with hydrochloric acid?
How can I get rid of 700 million tons of chlorine gas?
How does a group 15 oxide react with water?
Physical properties of geometric isomers
Why does (3E)-3,4-dimethylhex-3-ene yield a meso dihalide when reacted with Br2/CCl4 at room temperature?
What type of standard for HPLC capsaicin quantification?
Why is including phase info in chemical reactions important?
What actually happens when citric acid is added to a highly alkaline soap solution?
Why do liquids vaporise spontaneously at temperatures below boiling point despite ∆G being positive?
Bond angle order of SF2, OF2, HOF
How is it possible to get an attractive charge-dipole interaction using the modified Coulomb law?
How can you explain the energy change in this phenomenon?
Which is the better leaving group in the following Cannizzaro reaction?
Why did a former emulsion of oil and water precipitate after heating and cooling when heat made it originally?
Is there a preferred way of naming the resonance hybrid in keto-enol tautomerism?
Do solids affect equlibrium?
Can hydrazine be protonated twice?
Nickel(II) + borohydride debenzylation reaction mechanism
Why is sulfuric acid used in the Jones oxidation of alcohols?
What happened to the authors of 'Modern Quantum Chemistry"?
What is the most stable oxide of Fr?
Why are gold-sulfur bonds so stable?
Using baking powder to make baked food crispy
Why can one double bond exist in some resonance structures but two can't?
Why is Avogadro's statement true that at STP conditions all matter have same number of atoms or molecules?
Why isn't thallium triiodide stable?
What causes the yolk of a frozen egg to be more spreadable instead of fluid?
What is the mechanism of synthesizing hydroxybenzotriazole?
Are labile tetrahedral [Mabcd] complexes optically active?
Gaussian: Relaxed scan with modredundant optimization and dummy atoms
Henry's law Numerical
How does an energy input actually change a molecule?
Looking for solubility kinetics of zinc chloride hydroxide monohydrate
l- versus d-glucose
How much CO2 is produced by plant litter?
Why so few fluid phases?
If ionic compounds are strongly bonded, why are acids with a more polar central atom the stronger types of acids?
If d-electrons are such poor shielders, why do trends increase more gradually across the d-block than the s or p-block?
Inferring bond breakage in a reaction from InChI strings of reactans?
Conversion of 4-nitrotoluene to 2-bromobenzoic acid
Why is the melting point of magnesium anomalous?
Strontium is more common than sulfur?
Enthalpy change defined at constant pressure only?
Identifying a polyprotic acid using titration
Why is pyridinium chlorochromate selective compared to chromate, dichromate etc.?
Mechanism of the oxidation of alcohols with KMnO4
The equilibrium constant of a reaction only involving pure solid or liquid
Is the rate determining step the step with the largest Ea?
Does all organic matter originate from organisms?
Transmission, absorption, and reflection of light
Predicting dissociation energy of diatomic iodine computationally
Benzenesulfonyl chloride dehydration of an amide to give nitrile
Benzene and proton in 1H NMR
N-O bonds in Nitric acid
Acidic strength of organic acids. Substituted PhCOOH acids
Slips System of BCC
Why do I have to use a 1:1 ethanol:water solution to hydrolyse aspirin?
Does NaCl reduce the surface tension of water?
Why is platinum an excellent catalyst in comparison with similar metals?
How is the association/ dissociation constant derived?
How to determine what organic molecule has the highest boiling point?
Copper chloride color in water electrolysis?
How is purine aromatic?
"Exactly Equal" and "At Least" in electron excitation
Why Don't Sulfur Atoms Hybridize?
Why triiodide ion does not form ionic bond with cation having +2 charge?
Are Daniell cells rechargeable (reversible)?
Space Group names
Minimizing Gibbs Free Energy for Multiphase Equalibria
Why are bromine oxyanions uncommon?
α versus β D-ribopyranose
How can chlorine have an oxidation number of 3 in chlorite?
How does Carbon Dioxide have a degree of freedom of 6?
Can you derive a formula for any internal energy of a gas as long as you know the degree of freedom?
Confusion with degrees of freedom, some say CO2 has 9, others say 6
Is this mechanism for the formation of a tosylate correct?
Solubility of EDTA in water
Why are some organic reactions run at elevated temperatures?
Which procedure(s) will allow a student to differentiate between solid sodium sulfate and solid sodium sulfite?
Sulfuric acid's effect on rocks
Boyle's law applied on mixture of gases
Stereoselectivity differences in Lindlar's catalyst and Na/NH3?
Why is there syn-addition in this bromination of an alkene?
Why does this reaction proceed this way?
Why do these two IUPAC naming examples not begin numbering the chain closest to the alkyne?
Density of LPG in g/L
What does the unit M stand for?
Which is better: iodine number or bromine number?
Effect of passing hydrogen sulfide gas on electrode potential
Is axis of symmetry considered a true symmetry?
Setting up half-reactions
Is the phenyl cation or ethynylium more stable?
If the polarity of the solvent increases, will the Rf value increase or decrease?
Lone pair and dipole moment of ozone
Determining order of reaction when concentration of reactant is not given
Does a freezing point of a substance always increase as its boiling point increases?
Is this home-made pesticide from cigarette butts and battery acid safe?
Why are the two CH2 groups in allene perpendicular to each other?
Method and Tips for Inorganic Qualitative Analysis
How to identify a redox reaction?
Why does sodium sulfate initially harden instead of dissolving?
How to balance a redox equation in molecular form?
Standard Enthalpy of Formation of H2(g) vs H(g)
How to calculate saturation point of a solution?
Why are the ethyl ester methylene protons not diastereotopic in ethyl (+-)-2-methylbutyrate?
How does turbidity affect dissolved oxygen?
basics of NMR (spin-spin splitting)
Classification of oxides,transition elements
Metallic and magnetic nature of transition metal oxides
Enthalpy change vs. change in internal energy in a system
Hydrolysis of Sucrose over Sn1Ac or Sn2Ac
Should carbon tetrachloride really be considered an organic compound?
Calculating temperature after adding heat to ice
Partial charges in a covalent bond
can metamers contain N as differing functional group?
Calculate the flow rate in the steady state of a dynamic equilibrium
1,2-dibromopropane reaction with OH and NaNH2
How to explain two NMR spectra of the (allegedly) same compound with slightly different shifts?
Why stepwise dissociation for acids but not hydroxide bases?
How to determine which parts of a formula are ligands in the given amminechloridoplatinum(IV) complexes?
Model of London forces and Hydrogen Bonding; the question is carried on forward, partially, as a personal question, from another question
Mixing a Tagged Sample of Lead Iodide with another Iodide Salt
Unique Solubility Expression for Sulfide Salts
Laws of electrolysis and quantisation of charge relation
Remove salt from dirt
Why do the atoms in molecular models have the colors they have?
What is the hybridisation of CF3 free radical?
Hock rearrangement of hydroperoxides
Redox reactions: identifying what is oxidized vs reduced
What makes a species "fluorescence quencher"?
How can a nonspontaneous reaction occur?
Do both NH2 groups in semicarbazide have the same properties?
Reversibility of an acid's reaction with water depending on its strength
How to calculate pH of a solution when H3PO4, NaH2PO4, Na2HPO4 and Na3PO4 are mixed together in certain amounts to form a solution?
Does Finkelstein's reaction proceed through an SN2 mechanism?
What reactions occur when pyridine, actic anhydride and citric acid is mixed?
The chlorofluorocarbon reaction in the lab?
How to make sense of the crystal systems names
Is poison still poisonous after its 'expiration date'?
Precipitation of citric acid by CaCl2 and Ca(OH)2?
How does molecular orbital theory explain CH4?
Why is solid sodium hydride a base and not an acid when reacted with water?
Why Does Coordination of Metal Ions Happen Anyways?
Calculating the mass of water removed by air conditioning condensation
Chemisorption vs Physisorption?
Electrocatalysis of Hydrogen Evolution Reaction with metal oxides
Why do compounds with similar properties have different Stitch IDs?
Gibbs Free energy Process v/s Reaction
Does the plastic cup PETE 1 material leak toxic material if subject to boiling water even for part of a minute?
How to label atoms or groups "backwards" in ChemDraw
Value of mixing ratio and rate constant in Chapman mechanisn
Is magnesium sulfate basic, neutral or acidic?
Predicting Extent of Exothermic Reactions
Gases produced by pyrolysis of cellulose
Chirality of carbon and R/S naming when enatiomeric groups attached
Why is this structure impossible?
Can I convert elemental nitrogen to nitrous oxide?
Naming compounds with an OX group
Finding vendor information programmatically
Regioselectivity in radical chlorination of a carboxylic acid
How to test if white powder is lime fertilizer?
Determining the temperature at which 90% of the reactants in a equilibrium have reacted
Which reactions are more temperature sensitive: the ones with higher Ea or the ones with lower Ea? And why?
Comparing radii in lithium, beryllium, magnesium, aluminium and sodium ions
Does increasing electronegativity imply more covalent character?
How many electrons does boron have on average in B2H6?
Adding Standard Reduction Potentials
What is inhibiting polystyrene's ability to dissolve in traditional solvents like ethanol or acetone?
Excitation of electrons
Why does a buffer work best at the pH closest to its pKa?
Volume of dibasic acid required to neutralise 0.04 mole of OH-
Difference between Epimers and Diastereomers
Is a substance's band gap related to it's flame test colour?
How to calculate n factor for salts in this reaction?
Naming compounds with multiple -COX functional groups
Solubility of succinic acid in water vs ethyl acetate?
Solubility of compound in acid
Why do we not include water in equilibrium expression calculations?
What solutes will give the largest reduction in volume when dissolved in water
What is the absolute configuration of carbon 4 in glucopyranose?
Does freezing point depression depend on the charge of the solvated ions?
Does mechanotransduction of cells play a role in the biocompatibility of titanium?
3-step process to make propyl ethanoate from propene
Why/how is blood red? (colours of hemoglobin)
Conical intersection using GAMESS
Solubility of n-butanol and n-butanamine
How to convert isopropanol to acetone and hydrogen
Reaction mechanism of aqueous ammonia with 3,4-dibromopyridine
What is a hydrogen bond?
Why isn't the ion-product constant the sum of the molar concentrations of H+ and OH-?
Why do the protons in pentacarbonylmethylmanganese show up at –0.21 ppm?
What is the purpose of Gaussian, itself?
Do you include the "10 H2O" in the formula for borax?
Suggestions for solvents capable of efficiently performing alpha-bromination and nucleophilic substitutions
Why do liquids freeze into a polycrystal solid when they freeze fast?
Why even the most volatile solvents leave a residue after evaporating?
Wavy baseline in carbon NMR
Why are there different values for enthalpy of combustion, depending on the calculation method?
Physicist notation for spatial orbital
Anodized Aluminum...danger?
Model of a particle in a linear box
Raman Spectrum of carbon chains: How to identify the vibrational modes
Is the standard enthalpy of formation always non-positive?
Does benzene structure stand for a single resonance form or the whole molecule?
Mechanism of Diels-Alder reaction
Relationship between Gibbs free energy, enthalpy, entropy and rate of reactions
Increasing the length of a copper wire via electrolysis
Enzyme Specificity vs Selectivity
How much steric hindrance does a phenyl group offer?
