Suitable defence for 1.d4
How can black exploit this lead in development?
Pawn promotion movement
Did Bobby Fischer castle with a pawn promoted to a rook?
What is the power of team captain in team tournaments?
Understanding Bb5 after Nc6 in the opening
(Opening) Traps whose only solution is to grab material
In a ChessBase opening tree how can we put a column that displays the percent of time each move is played or a column that displays "Perf" minus "Av"?
Can Black save this Knight vs Bishop endgame with a pawn down?
Why should I try to put knights on weak squares when they can be taken easily?
How should an arbiter handle copying moves from another game?
How does the chess24 rating compare to other server ratings?
What are the minimum required pieces for checkmate in 3d chess?
What is the best chess magazine in the world? And what makes a great chess magazine today?
Where can I find databases of tactical problems, categorized and ranked by difficulty?
in the pirc, bringing a dragon pawn structure fails
Is there an online PGN editor for Blank Chess?
In an opening tree on ChessBase, how can we fix the statistics so that transpositions are not taken into account in the total number of games?
What is the TimeControl format for FIDE tournament?
Is this move valid in the rollerball chess variant?
Problematic lines for black in accelerated dragon
Computer assistance in online blitz chess
Can you compile Stockfish in Windows without Unix/GNU?
An efficient program, which generates all next moves for all pieces in C/C++
Glitch or mate?
Time control notation explained?
Playing solely against chess engine?
Pawn Promotion Endgame Problem // White to move - mate in 1
Accidental moves in online chess
Is there a way to automatically download KnightVision games from a chess blog?
Is this a checkmate for White?
How would you figure out someone's Elo rating from a single game of chess?
Moving king into check
Chess variant where king is captured
How many pieces would you sack for a queen?
Maximum number of captures in a position
How do FIDE rated players perform on lichess?
About unusual forced mates
Is the number of possible chess games infinite?
What are the hardest pawnless endgames that go over the 50-move rule?
About stalemates and how to cause one
What's the best chess tactics trainer on the web?
Productive tactical puzzles: random or themed?
Question about knight vs. 3 pawns endgame
What motivates you to play chess and continuously get better at it?
Chess opening and chess master to look up to
What was Verdoni's first name?
Training plan for going from High Class A/Low Expert to National Master... Help?
Better move. Chess analysis
When Black opens with Nf6 after e4 - Beginner question
Why not 4.Bd2 in the Nimzo-Indian?
What is the difference between an opening and a defence?
What is the maximum number of possible moves a player can choose from?
Opening with Nf3 - beginner
Battling the London System
Is there a checkmate in the next move?
Forced checkmate examples where engines fail
How to draw this rook and pawn vs. rook endgame?
Can my King take?
Why didn't Giri go for the pawns against Ding Liren (Tata Steel 2015)?
Which tie break system would be used in Tata Steel 2015?
Endgame Tablebase, what is it?
Software for tournaments, leaderboards and result tracking
Is 8...c5 good in this position, or does it restrict Black's mobility too much?
N vs. B ending, pawns on both sides
Could black have taken the queen here?
Good books for- Grunfeild and Sicilian defence
Illegal swiss pairings?
Does anyone know what happened to nowinchess.com?
Plans for White and Black in the Queen's Gambit Accepted
The Ponziani - What are the plans?
Arena: How to have the engine only analyze and let me play as both black and white
UCI engine state notion
Do you sign papers when joining a chess club?
In sicilian defence, why would white always exchange the c5 pawn. What harm would it do otherwise?
Which is the smallest chess engine with ELO at least 2000?
London System: how to defeat copying moves?
What was the time control in tata steel tournament?
Ranking of Baadur Jobava
Queen with Knight capabilities
UCI engine command white giving the same move
Reading PGN files using Stockfish engine
Describe White's performance in these two games
Alternatives to the FEN notation
Web Interface for training by dragging and dropping pieces
Worrying inconsistency in playing strength
Longest DTC in the endgame KQPKQ depending on the place of the white pawn
"Chess is art" who was the first one to use this quote?
Chess puzzle that is hard to understand
Moving the queen early in the game - beginner
Confusion about the tie-break in the Grenke Chess Classics 2015
What's with chessBASE and WB engines?
Which online database is the best?
Is there an online database for the endgame KRPPKRP?
What are the differences between the How To Reassess Your Chess books from Jeremy Silman?
Why is b4 the only move suggested by every chess engine?
Chess coaching and coaches training different players
Women in Chess - First women-only event.
Rules for ending a chess game
Is It Good Or Bad To Trade Too Much?
Top player with the lowest drawing rate
What are some popular anti sicilians and what are their respective strengths and weaknesses?
Is there a Web Service available for 6-piece endgame tablebases?
Theoretically, is the analysis of the moves more complex if the objective is to be the first to be checkmated?
About Alan Turing and chess
Why do Grandmasters play different openings but engines not?
Can the King be put in Check by a piece that cannot move?
pressing the clock using the same hand you use to move the pieces?
Feedback on my game?
Most important aspects of computer for scanning through databases in Chessbase?
What is/are the bests poems about chess?
Which time control was set in the following game?
Mac computer chess
Looking for online swiss pairing software
How to write a swiss pairing software
Openings vs 1. d4
A question about the time to evacuate a queen in a master game
Youngest and oldest active player
Is this really limitation of absolute ELO?
Which is the 200 move won position?
Proof of irreversibility of 50 move rule
Very Confusing Openings
chess program wilhelm
End game King an Rook - Beginners
Game played by day or week
Are there any grandmasters who always play until checkmate?
Chess Heroz (Android)
how to evaluate the position inside the search function
Million dollar Question for me!
Longest DTM in the endgame KQPPKQ
Static position analysis
Is capturing a piece while castling legal?
Energy drinks for chess tournament
Do grandmasters ever disagree on what the main purpose of a move was?
How to search for a particular opening on the Internet
Which currently active chess player tends to play complicated positions?
What is the most complex game you know since 2014?
Why does white exchange knight for a pawn here?
Can you identify this game? (mate in 10)
How to study a chess tactics book?
When should you stop chasing a piece?
Is it common for super grandmasters to have the ability to play simultaneous blindfold chess?
What are the winning chances of every pieces? (6men egtb)
Pawn Promotion to Queen
Is this line of the Grunfeld playable for White?
Convert ChessBase format to PGN on Linux
Overprotection of a Piece
How do I mate here?
What are the mistakes that I have done in the following game?
Can someone explain how this pawn endgame works?
Why should black not capture the knight here?
What happened in the game Draskovic - Sutovsky (EICC 2015)?
How many female players participated in the european indivdual championship?
Is the result in mini-chess known with perfect play?
Adjusting in ones turn only
Gambit openings for black recommendation?
What percent of chess games contain a blunder?
Can almost anyone become a grandmaster if they devoted their life from age 6?
Mutual Zugzwangs & Longest Checkmates (DTM, DTC and DTZ) in the endgame KRPP vs. KRP
Longest way to mate with 1 queen against 4 queens
How to make a time-efficient thinking system?
Sicilian defense - beginner
Longest sequence with only moves to draw without a repitition
Modus in the reykjavik open 2015
What is the longest known sequence of forced moves leading to a checkmate for one side?
Bye-rule in the reykjavic open
Looking for a comfortable DTC endgame database
Is there a full tutorial for Queen vs Rook endgame?
How to play against an engine using scidb?
How to configure scidb to use ChessBase files like ChessBase?
Struggling to find a good opening with black? (Fide Elo 1950)
Black plans in Taimanov/Kan Sicillian?
Normal draw positions in the endgame KQPKQ with a bishop-pawn?
Is there any method to determine if the weaker side in KQPKQ has a perpetual check?
What is the result of this pawn-endgame with perfect play by both sides?
Can the bishops and knights triumph over the queen?
Do 5 connected pawns usually win against a rook?
Game since 2014 with both kings under fire
Current top player with most aggressive style?
Which top player risks complicated positions?
Recent full-point-blunder in a pawn-endgame?
How to save/open games on Stockfish for Mac
Can someone describe a good/easy mental procedure to choose the best move here?
What should you do when opponent opens with excessive pawn moves?
Running chessbase Reader on ubuntu
Collecting principal variations during search and using them in ordering?
Which common response against 1.e4 did Magnus Carlsen say is a bad opening? And what was Carlsen's exact quote?
Quality of inputs in chess game databases?
Full-point-losing move in an endgame rook vs rook?
What is the gnuchess 5.60 "real" rating?
Just for fun and curiosity: is there cheating on professional chess tournaments/games?
How do I change Stockfish's Engine Parameters?
Expected score in my first FIDE tournament
Proven ways to improve calculation speed
According to official FIDE rules, when queening a pawn, can you pause the clock?
Would it be a decisive advantage, if the opponent would not be allowed to castle?
Which openings offer the best chances to reach an endgame quickly?
Stale-mating the opponent in order to not lose
Do better board representations than the standard one exist?
Who wins in the game "knight" if both players play optimal?
Why do many people think that top grand masters can always reach a draw?
Complete game Szabo-Groszpeter, Kecskemet 1984
Ideas for white in closed sicilian?
How to deal with the Sicilian Wing Gambit?
Can I become a GM by playing 100 games per day without studying books, strategy, etc?
Beat the Polish defence
Is there a software that analyses games through voice, telling you about moves and what you should have done, like Power Chess 98?
What is approximately the Elo rating of an engine which selects its moves randomly?
Eligibity prediction
Elo rating of the best player from the 19th century, if he played today?
How can I teach the endgame to someone who feels it is "boring"?
Only the king remains, but he is stuck, can't move
Is there a free downloadable mini-chess program or 'chess engine'?
Does playing correspondence chess improve your game?
Starting elo rating at chess.com
Did black have a chance to save the rook endgame?
Could White win this rook-endgame?
Where can I find a list of mutual zugzwangs from Queen vs Rook?
Are there positions which cannot be properly analyzed by any computer?
Frequency of resigning in won positions
"Dead-draw" endgame lost?
In the Caro-Kann Panov-Botvinnik Attack 5... e6 6. Nf3, what are the differences between 6... Be7 and 6... Bb4 ? Which one is more solid and quiet?
King facing king on same line or column
Matrix representation of piece position for a chess engine
Could black have saved the rook-endgame?
Opening repertoire for different levels
With a pawn rush; should I take this knight?
Maximum DTC and maximum DTZ in the endgame KRPKRP
Longest period with each piece "hanging"
From a full board to a pawn endgame in the shortest possible number of half-moves
In the game of shogi, what is the meaning of "sabaki"?
Chess books for master level players
Is it better to reply to 1.Nf3 with ...d5 or ...b5?
Why do some (many!) grandmasters play the opening so slowly?
What happened in this shootout from Houdini?
Complete game Sibilio - Mariotti , Ravenna 1982
Theoretical limit for the number of consecutive checks?
King's Gambit - Falkbeer Countergambit
What openings provide "mini-objectives" in the early game?
Advanced Middle Game Attacking Tactics
Complete game troitzky - vogt?
How can the moves from this pawn endgame study be found without a computer?
What are the differences between the major online chess sites that allow to play?
Soundness of the King's Indian Defence
Is it the right choice to lose the queen for two rooks?
How many possible positions are there in chess?
Undrawable Openings?
Does a pawn transitioning in the Promotion Square work from that square or begin action from the original square of the piece it chooses to become?
Why bishop does not eat knight in this position?
Adjusting parameters in the engine stockfish 6
Engine not necessarily playing strong but "attractive"
Should playing chess against yourself always end up in a draw?
King's Indian Attack plans for White after Black plays ..dxe4 and ..e5
Have endgame tablebases ever been compiled for smaller variants of chess?
Complete game Ojanen - Ridala , Helsinki 1959
Mate Prevails - Chess Rule
What is the best opening that i should learn
why taking notes that encourage oneself is illegal in chess?
How do strong players think during a game?
Full board with full point mutual zugzwang
What is the maximum DTM with K+J vs K?
Issues downloading the latest version of chess database on chessdb!
how do some players focus better by thinking on the first move?
Could white have won this game?
Where can I find a big chess database?
How common/important is promotion to knight?
What should an arbiter do if a player has illegally stopped notating?
When playing chess online, what does 1-1 mean?
Clarification on changed rules of getting rating from FIDE
Were my sacrifices sound in this game?
How can I play?
Is there a name for this variation ? (or just this setup in general)
Are there decided recent games with 1. b4 at top level?
"Breaking" crowded positions
Is there an engine which can give a breakdown of its evaluations
in silman's book, question about open files and global exchange
Duplicating the game analysis output on lichess
Is it possible to play 1 minute bullet with no increment over the board?
Concerning a chess-problem generating program
Why isn't this threefold repetition, forcing a draw
Learning my favorite grandmaster games by heart
Video of the Kasparov vs. Kaprov 2009 match in Valencia
Does anyone know who currently owns Novag's intellectual property?
What books and videos would you recommend to an absolute beginner of Chess?
Positions for visualisations
Openings for pawn storms
Interesting Ending Knight + pawn vs Rook - main plans (white and black)
Where exactly in the Fide handbook can you find the hand shaking rule?
How can I find chess games from grand masters that end in threefold repetition?
It's not check but the next move is checkmate
Why do houdini and stockfish give this seemingly stupid move?
Moving a piece out of the way for check
Is there a path to victory?
Did black misplay here or did I miss something?
For Black, against the Caro-Kann Advance Shirov variation 4. Nc3 which move tends to lead to the most positional, slow, solid and strategic positions?
Which was the first televised/video-recorded WCC match?
What are strategic elements for a correct piece sacrifice?
What does it mean when engine position scores change when following the "best" move
Are there any chess engines which try to emulate human thinking?
Is this blocked situation a draw, how can I win as Black?
Find magic numbers for bitboards
Is there a Windows based command line tool to convert cbh to pgn?
What's the best continuation for white here?
Aggressive variation against Queen's Gambit Declined?
Caro-Kann continuation for Black in this position
Equalize - What does it really mean?
Knight to h5 in the london system
When is castling needed?
What Did Benjamin Franklin Mean by the Quote "Snatch not eagerly at every advantage offered by his unskilfulness or inattention"?
Strategy of Bishop and Knight Checkmate
SCID (or any alternative) on iPad
How do I promote my pawn when the king blocks it?
Good resource for annotated games
How do I create pgn files visually?
Do longer games better your chances of honing chess skills?
must chess pieces be within a square?
Pieces knocked over in blitz chess
Caro-Kann Bronstein-Larsen Variation For Black
Yes or no: should Ruy Lopez be played as black?
King/Queen chess variation
What are the best openings in Antichess?
Is the bishop pair and a pawn equivalent to knight and a rook?
What is the strongest reply to Czyzewski Opening?
Reversed Sicilian - What's wrong with my plan?
When to push centrals pawns?
Recommend chess software for windows 8.1
Looking for sound files from a VERY old version of Chessmaster Live
How can I open (or convert into .PGN) old Chessmaster .CMG files, without Chessmaster?
Bishop vs Knight
Can I resign if my opponent only has his King?
Chess Engines that have "Deep" in their names?
Why does the game end at checkmate and not upon taking the king?
Chessbase 13 How to install UCI Engine when menu item is missing?
Other than Fairy-Max, is there a variant [fairy] chess engine that is compatible with XBoard?
Why do FIDE tournaments have rest days on weekends?
Looking for a chess variant with a circular board
What is the most popular chess app for android?
In the Slav, after 1. d4 d5 2. c4 c6 3. Nf3 Nf6, what are all the differences between 4. Qc2 and 4. Qb3?
What are the best chess blogs?
Permanent brain
Chess Puzzles vs Laziness
Situations of underpromoting the pawn
Does anyone have the game De Groot - Simmelink, correspondence 1996
Any self learning computers playing chess? How good are they?
Possible to simulate specific chess situations?
It's true that a middle game plan is to push the rest of central pawns?
Can the Nc3+e3 Chebanenko Slav, the Exchange Slav and the 4...Bg4 Slow Slav transpose into each other?
Any chess engine that can start from the middle of a game
Confused about ChessBase
Vitamins to improve memorizing of variations in chess
How do I activate ChessBase 12 with a serial number? It keeps saying "SerialNumber already used"
Non chess specific game AI that learns any game and can play chess?
In Queen's Indian - Classical Line, why is ... Bb4+, Bd2 Be7 preferred over Be7 directly
Opening theory versus strong AI suggestions
Sicilian Lowenthal-Labourdonnais
Lowenthal-LabourdonnaisSicilian Kalashnikov Variation
What does autopilot mean in chess?
Why is it said that beginning with 1. Nf3 2. c4 avoids the Benoni but beginning with 1. d4 2. c4 does not?
Defensive Skils
ChessCafe.com RIP?
How do I make a chess engine make moves in Arena?
How to use stockfish for chessbase?
Is the Reversed Sicilian / King's English 1. c4 e5 more of a positional and quiet opening or a wild and tactical opening?
Software to train attacks-vision
What is the disadvantage of the move 3. ..h6 in the Queen's Gambit Declined?
What happens after two Kings stay on the board?
What is black trying to accomplish when playing Bb4 after Nc3 in the opening?
What are all the most common transpositions between the Caro-Kann Panov–Botvinnik Attack with 5...e6 6. Nf3 Bb4 and the Nimzo-Indian Defence?
Was this sacrifice a good one?
getting started to develop entire chess application
Openings that fianchetto on the king side
Acknowledging a check mate
Converting square notation to algebraic notation programmatically
Arena Question - How Do I Set it So Arena Has a Time Limit But I Don't?
What's a Confession Box?
Help for beginning player to start learning openings
Who are the seconds of famous players?
Is there an archived video with commentary of Norway 2015 blitz tournament available on the official or other websites?
Can i be a great player rated 2100+ in 2 years if i train 15 hrs daily
Need to say check if we are giving
What would approximately be the ICCF rating of a GM with no external help and of a computer with no human judgment?
How to defend from the crazy knight attack opening at Nf3 ..., Nd4 in Atomic chess?
Why does Fritz prefer under-promotion in this position
Professional match where neither player castles?
Unknown Knight move
Can a computer have a good tournament?
How can someone become the greatest chess player like Magnus Carlsen?
Why was this game drawn?
How can I know the Elo rating of my chess engine?
Why are there 64 squares on a chessboard?
Feedback on a game
What are all the possible combinations of openings which work well together? (like the Slav+Caro-Kann combo)
How to propose a new game variant?
What is the difference playing against human vs chess engine?
Attack or defend? Which is best approach to win?
Wording of Troitsky line rule
Endgame statistics
Endgame FEN generator
software to analyze my own database of games with statistics
Castling in XBoard's edit mode
Commented games for beginners
Is it possible for a white piece to deliver check to the black king, but for black's counter move to result in white getting checkmated?
When to decide King or Queen side castling?
Resigning (Inevitable Checkmate)
Is there an effective attack as white after Nf3 with e5 response in Atomic chess?
Why fianchetto the bishop?
Which type of openings generally lead their users not to waste much time on the clock: sharp/aggressive/tactical or positional/solid/quiet openings?
What does "half-K" mean in the USCF tournament rating system?
multi pv mode in GUI
Chess Engine API
How important is the opening first move?
What is positional play in chess?
Should I play the Cozio defense deferred?
The list of all authentic chess games happened so far
Eyestrain - Anyone experiencing eyestrain when playing OTB?
Strategic and tactical ideas for White in this KIA game
What are the latest ideas for Black against the Samisch King's Indian Defense?
Looking for pgn openings file
Is this endgame a draw? 2 Bishops + 4 Pawns vs Queen + 1 Pawn
How to challenge a queen with a bishop pair in endgame?
Why is 2...e6 the most common move after 1 d4 Nf6 2 c4, but not after 1 d4 Nf6 2 Nf3?
Scid: Play Against Computer
Against the Slow Slav, after 1. d4 d5 2. c4 c6 3. Nf3 Nf6 4. e3, is the 4... a6 Chebanenko still good for Black?
Is Chess960 a desirable alternative to classical chess?
Is this a chess variant? Chess without taking pieces!
good responses to 1. Nf3
Representing Moves found via BitBoards, applying them, and removing them
Why is g4 the best move in this Queens Gambit accepted line?
Browser based FICS client: exists or may I build one?
What are the things that a 2000 player knows that a 1800 player doesn't know?
When to transition into an ending
Photographic memory in chess?
Are chess engines detrimental for lower-rated players?
Importance of memory in chess
After 1. d4 d5 2. c4 e6, should White play 3. cxd5?
Syzygy tablebases in xboard
Why don't I have more success with the King's Indian Attack?
Evans Gambit b4 loss
Why are tablebase files so large?
CPU v. GPU for chess engines
What are the dates of end-game table completion for 2 pieces, 3 pieces, all the way to 7 pieces?
Study endgame first before studying opening? Is it true?
PGN viewer / replayer for Atomic Chess
Chess Position Trainer
What happens in this multiboard scenario?
Chess tactics training software
Trapped by this strange opening line, how to proceed?
What happened to the Chess Cafe website?
Endgames with long king marches
What does it mean when a position is "complicated"?
Could you estimate Napoleon's (or other historic persons) Elo on the base of his known games?
What is "spaced repetition" and how can I use it to improve my chess?
What is the effect of aging on chess ability?
Is it possible to draw this endgame where I blundered my queening pawn?
Looking for free online chess engines that have (roughly) known ratings
Assigning Engines in Arena
How opening moves determine the whole game play?
Do sacrifices work mostly for Masters?
Draw, or discovered check
Is 22..., Nf6 a good alternative move to accepting the rook sacrifice by 22..., Kxf7 in Yi's recent "Immortal Game"?
Analyze this game
book on black opening
How to know when it is time to trade down to an endgame?
In what cases is it good to play the Maroczy Bind in the Symmetrical English?
fastest AI algorithms for quick chess engine?
Omitting piece letters in pgn
Chessbase 13 for automatic game analysis
how to break through using pawn storm
Expert vs. Candidate Master?
Books/Videos for the Caro-Kann
How do I go about learning the Najdorf Sicilian?
Can I get by without a book for learning my opening repertoire (aside from the Sicilian Najdorf and KID)?
What positional play strategy should white adopt when fighting against the Philidor exchange variation?
What is the average age to become a grandmaster?
What is the best way to play chess via terminal?
Software for blind chess?
Database of correspondence games?
How deep should I memorize lines of the Sicilian Dragon?
Would the best mobile phone chess app be a favorite in a match against Carlsen?
How can I learn combinations without a chess book?
Studying Chess for the Ambitious Intermediate
Can White win the endgame from game Kramnik-Carlsen, London 2010?
Explaining knight move to kids
Why this is the best move?
Patt undecided?
Controlling the center versus occupying the center - What is the difference?
What chess software allows to search for sacrifices and combinations?
How to solve atomic chess?
Chess computers in human tournaments
recommend a book on mid-game plan and board evaluation
Chess Software for analysis and notes
Did Deep Blue play like a human?
What is Syzygy tablebases?
Rating rise: luck or actual increase in playing strength?
How can I STOP hanging pieces?
Why FIDE id changes sometimes?
How to weakly solve Tiger Hunt, Atlantis Chess and Peasants' Revolt
Why was 5...Nf6 traditionally preferred to 5...e6 in the Two Knights Caro-Kann?
In the Damiano Variation of Petrov's Defense, should white play d4 or f4?
Can anyone analyze my game and mistakes?
Did Carlsen really defeat Kasparov?
How do i prevent blunders?
What is the best line in the Fried Liver
Which variation of the Grunfeld Defense for White will lead to the most strategic and least sharp position?
Does elo rating have a limit?
Why was a rating system instituted?
What does D and +-- mean in chess annotation
Stockfish 6 in Chessmaster Grandmaster Edition
My game against AI, please analyze
What is the current theoretical state for the Chinese Dragon?
Where did I go wrong this game?
Can I promote to a queen twice?
Which are better of these two pairs
Classical Chess Opening Repertoire
Share a board in realtime to teach chess
Why can I not make an en passant capture?
Both flags fallen: Draw?
What is White's objective from this state?
Playing Styles of Fischer and Botvinnik
White's plans from this position
What are Complication and Simplification in Chess?
How to distinct a strategical move from a tactical move?
Choosing one move from the two moves
Can not determine the result of this endgame
How to Win King vs Pawn in this Situation
Is my decision correct?
Starting Elo in FIDE system for new chess game
Determine ELO strength without playing in FIDE tournaments
Taxicab distance for bishops
What can you deduce from my performance in different types of chess tactics?
Moves to test a notation generator
How many steps to mate the only king with all pieces?
Freely available PGN databases
Chesscademy Tactic
Simple chess variants for beginners
What do 2600 level Grand Masters do to earn a living?
Ideas behind each sicilian?
What is accepted and declined in chess moves?
Philidor Defence - White's attack on the center
Simplest chess engine to reach 2000 ELO?
why is the king never captured?
IBM deep blue's existence
How does the "French Defense, Winawer Variation, Fingerslip Variation" get its name?
What would happen if a game lasted for more than 24 hours?
Xiangqi symbols in Unicode
Piping Stockfish input
Unlearning myths from the mind of an experienced club player
Where can I watch live commentary and live matches between Grandmasters?
What are the advantage of sicilian defense for black?
In the Berlin Defense(ruy lopez), why has the Ne7 Ng6 plan gone out of fashion?
Where can I find free training tools like detailed annotated chess openings, middle games and endgames in the PGN format?
Why would a correspondence chess player be accused of using a computer?
In online correspondence chess, are the ratings adjustments based on the pre- or post-game ratings?
Which openings lead to unbalanced endgames?
Program for determining the type of opening / endgame
Emanuel Lasker and Psychology
Where to play online Bughouse Chess
Why by tournament instead of by game?
What is the percent of players in the top X that are women for different values of X?
Playing the man, not the board
Chess helps academic performance?
Why does it seem that one drops more rating points when losing than gaining when winning?
Automatically-generated notations in ten varieties... are they correct?
Key-Squares in Pawn Endgames
Chess books about how to deal with time troubles
How do I become better at counter play when I'm down in material?
How do you draw in an opposite color bishops endgame with two pawns down?
Chess tricks to fool opponents before game
King taking pieces when check
Why did GM Kogan play such a bad opening in this 1997 game?
What's wrong with 4...e5 in the Open Sicilian?
What is the average length of a game of chess with only random moves?
How does a Class B chess player become Class A?
How to choose a chess opening?
chess endgame database + 50-move rule = potential error?
End Game - Queen + Rook vs Queen
What are must read chess books every chess player has to read to become an Expert Class?
Why didn't Donald Bryne capture with the queen instead of pawn (against 13-year-old Bobby Fischer in the Game of the Century)?
Can't seem to get back to winning consistently
Famous pawn promotion matches
Hypermodernism definition
What are basic openings I need for black?
Does white really have a win in this pawn ending, as claimed by Tim Krabbé?
How to learn openings in chess?
How do I avoid losing to lower rated players?
World Cup: passed pawns vs extra piece
Does my online chess rating reflect my ELO rating?
Is it possible to game my online chess rating?
What is the probability that a position has been played before?
Thoughts on this game, please
Could I have some analysis by a player >2000 FIDE on this game?
Beginners question: The double pawn
Continuous evaluation of engine in ChessBase
Am i re-entering a slump, or just my bad luck?
Beginners question: Strategic ideas
I can't do Retrograde Analysis
Begginer Chess Question: Bringing out my queen early?
Closed Sicilian Problem if Black Fianchettoes His Light-Squared Bishop
Online program for FEN recalculation
Purpose behind the move
Why isn't 6. Be3 popular in this Sicilian Defense line?
Why is 5. Bd3 considered a strong move against the Kan variation?
Why do most beginners play this line agains the Caro-Kann?
What's the best move against this variation in the Philidor Defense?
What's the best strategy against the Hippo?
What are the ideas behind the Short variation in Advance Caro-Kann?
Why did Bobby Fischer play the Queen's Gambit as White vs. Spassky?
Refutation of the Blackmar-Diemer gambit?
What's the difference between a USCF 1600 and 1700
How to display figures instead of letters in position analysis notation in ChessBase?
Analyze, improvement - My game without blunders?
The strength of blind chess players
How can I make my child interested in playing chess
Where to find chess coaches?
2. e5 in the Robatsch (Modern) Defence
Which are the ideas in the Van't Kruijs Opening?
Von Popiel - Marco, Monte Carlo 1902, how to win as black?
Why is Nb5 a strong move here? Why is there a guaranteed material gain?
How to exploit the advantage of a bishop over a knight?
What are the possible results of a game?
How do you know whether to trade one of the rook pairs in an endgame?
How do you apply schematic thinking to one's own chess games?
I am looking for a chess game on nintendo ds that is suitable for beginners
Chess Tutorials for Beginners
Choosing the best move in the given position
Understand some of my positional mistakes
How useful is a 40-year-old chess book?
Why shouldn't the black king move to h7?
How to show captured pieces in Arena?
Examples of hidden gems
What is the difference between an inaccuracy, a mistake and a blunder on lichess?
Is it true that Queen's Gambit tends to have positional play and King's Gambit A tactical one?
Would the Elo rating system remain useful if different tournament formats were used?
Confusion about Touch and move rule
If there was perfect play from both sides, will it be draw or win for one?
Rating based off play level?
Random position from database
Frankenstein-Dracula variation and other variations with funny names
The most honourable way to lose?
Java Library for PGN parser
Layering multiple chess games
How to set threads number for Stockfish?
Which is the oldest chess game?
Is there any opening line which is downright catastrophic?
Playing against imaginary oponents
What I thought was winning tactic, apparently was mistake
Am I improving my tactical knowledge by explaining solutons to my wife?
Endgame improvement books
Reading UCI Engine output in Arena Chess
When to give up on winning a game e.g. due to material
analysis of a position - why is my move so bad?
In the United States, what are the universities and colleges with the best chess club?
The 50 Move Rule
Where does the word 'gambit' come from?
Working with UCI protocol (coding)
How does Kramnik/Topalov indicate when they resign
Opening creation, could it ever be possible?
Can you capture a pawn en passant with a king?
What does 6 and 2 going mean?
Any reference material on the Franco-Benoni defense?
Extracting features from chessboard
in Sinquefield Cup how is white player determined?
How to combine Basic Strategies to a winning-system
Is this a kind of training software that actually exists?
Search Algorithms used by top engines?
Are there any (free) games databases out there?
Does checkmate over ride 50 move violation?
What happened to the official website for the World Chess Championship 2010?
Why is there an option for the pawn to be promoted in any chess piece?
Complete book of chess search
What happened with the Fide online arena
Why is this king and two passed pawns vs. king and rook endgame not drawable?
Extra time, how much? - Pull the clock of an opponent
What happens if a player mistakenly thinks they have been checkmated?
How to use Stockfish to automatically analyze big DB of games
Castling rule clarification
Evans Gambit variation
Analysis of a very complicated end position - why is this move leading to a draw?
When evaluating score of new position with UCI chess engine is the Hash used at all?
What are good YouTube channels for improving chess?
UCI undo move command?
A Consistent Grunfeld Repertoire
Traps and alternate variations in the Spanish Game
Why does the Hyper Accelerated Dragon avoid the Rossolimo?
How to visualize a position
Alright so if you a pawn makes it to the other side can that player grab a castle and say its a queen?
Puzzle: Best move for blacks
What is Fritz Powerbook 2015?
Exploiting wrong deviations from theory in chess openings
What is the solution to this mate in 2 puzzle?
What are quick and easy ways to learn, and what should i focus on
Is there a site, where I can play 30 seconds games?
What is the most queens that have been on the board in a grandmaster game?
No ways for whites
'Build up Your chess' but a level lower
Rook ending with single distant passed pawn
How to learn Xiangqi (Chinese Chess) or Shogi (Japanese Chess)?
What should I study?
Are you allowed to calculate on paper? e.g. corresponding squares? (FIDE/Club level etc)
What's a good website to study recent grandmaster games?
I'm looking for informations about calculating ELO (FIDE) rank
Programs to help beginners to practice Chess
Phone apps for playing chess variants
Do you get moved down a section on a USCF chess tournament if your score is low?
When is Deep Fritz 15 release date?
Please explain chess Notation?
How to castle two times in a game
What would happen if I touch two different pieces with each hand at same time?
How To Get Chess Titans on Windows 8/10
Books for IM Norm
How can I check the Stockfish version?
Is Fritz 15 a better chess software than Deep Fritz 14?
Looking for a good chess program with a couple of features
How do you study opening theory using Stockfish?
Why is Qg4-Qe6 the correct move here?
Types of Checkmates
Is there some method to show attacks and defends and other statistics on board?
Plan from the position
How to measure strength of my own chess engine?
How to get to 2000 elo
Is chess.stackexchange.com a good site for someone learning how to play chess?
How do I know what squares I need to control in a given position?
Which approach is better to teach tactics
How to setup a chess engine to play itself?
On a glass board, which is "white"?
Colle System - Stonewall. Why not c4 and b4 after b5 and c6 for black in this game?
Piece down vs rook for bishop exchange
Can the book 'Grand master Preparation: Calulation' by Aagard be useful for a Class B chess players?
How to add draw offer to PGN?
Why is the French defence not played at the highest level?
Recommendation of a book for learning strategic concepts
Analysis of Pawn Endgame from Amateur to IM
How to make a self study plan to become a good chess player to play rated tournaments?
Any ideas for this interesting puzzle?
What's the best time control to play online in order to improve?
Bathroom cheating
Is it always a good idea to trade a bishop for a knight if the enemy has castled and is forced to disrupt his castle's pawn structure?
List of openings for poor openings player
Is any rating information available for human/computer hybrid players?
Why is Kh8 the best move in this position for black?
Database of analysed positions with corresponding scores
Chess challenge #1: Mate in one
How does one apply the Principle of Two Weaknesses into their own game?
Strategic challenge #1 - C.Hansen - J.Hellsten
Tactical challenge #2 - Attacking the kingside
UCI go with depth and movetime
Can anyone give good primary resources on Deep Blue?
Chess challenge #3: Pinned knights
How is this a winning position for white?
Which chess openings trade the most pieces?
How to get out-of-print chess books?
Jin chess pieces, how to obtain higher resolution?
Is the TSCP chess engine able to run on a 32 bit processor?
What defines a forcing move with major/minor pieces?
Endgame Fortresses
Mate vs timeout
Chess tactics #4: Black to play and win
What are some puzzle apps for android?
How do I create multiple move output
How to deal with people getting help on board
Chess tactics #5: Yugra Governor's cup
Is e5 an usual move in positions like this in the King's Indian?
Chess tactics #6: Yugra Governor's cup again
Endgame Databases
Is there any website or software that are like "Guess the move" training program in chesstempo?
What are White's main ideas in the exchange variation of the Ruy Lopez?
Chess challenge #7: Women's European Team Championship
A tactic on the Chekhover variation of the Sicilian?
As a Class B, how do I improve my chess against A level or higher?
Which side has the advantage?
What is the percentage of players who are women in the sections where both men and women can play in?
What is the largest amount of players at once that can play during a single chess game?
Thinking to solve the puzzle
Are contemporary chess players now stronger than players in the 90's or 80's?
Is CT-Art better for tactic training than chesstempo tactics?
Are there any other endgame analysis tool than Wilhelm?
How are the "Classes" - A, B, or C, players defined?
Chess challenge #8: British knockout championship
What checkmates are appropriate for 7 year old kids?
play against a computer, then analyze it software.
Will going to more chess tournaments and playing the Open section make me stronger and more experienced chess player?
Chess challenge #9: Can you solve it in less than 5 minutes?
Do players play "boring" openings before an important tournament?
What are good chess tournaments to play in Europe as a USCF Class A + age 21+?
Is there a chess engine with divide perft for captures only?
Bobby Fischer photos in his NY apartment?
Why did Valery Salov quit competitive chess?
Dealing with Sénéchaud Countergambit in King’s Gambit
Is there an engine which tries to find moves that forces the opponent to find the best move?
Chess programs that mimic some amateurs
King's Indian c5 against Samisch
Chess challenge #10: A beautiful knightmare
When is it right to start learning strategy after tactics
Where can I find the live standings of the Grand Chess Tour?
Where is London Chess Classic Pool B's webpage?
How do you stop white's queenside advance in the Reversed Sicilian?
All-out attack or slow attack
Can computer software that doesn't use databases still beat best in world?
What is the best way to improve visualization?
Timer expired suggestions
Drawing rules for time loss
What plan should I have followed in this particular position?
How do I not play too fast when playing the computer?
How to learn e4 e5 as black?
Free software for intermediate learner?
What chess books should a Class A player read to reach Expert Class?
Which late starters have been able to become grandmasters?
Has the performance of physical electronic chess sets increased similarly to the performance of software based implementations over the years?
Capturing one bishop
What should be my plan?
Minimum sets of pieces required for checkmate?
When is the right time to offer a draw according to the FIDE OTB rules
How do you convert a scid database into a pgn database?
Can a King and a Knight force stalemate against a lone King?
What kind of training should a Class B do for a year, if he or she wants to defeat a 2100 player?
How do I seriously analyze my tournament games and become stronger doing so?
What's the average piece density?
What first moves would be advantageous for black?
How would you evaluate this king and pawn endgame for white, and what's the best book to study King and pawn endgames?
How does Chesscube.com rating compare to USCF and FIDE ratings?
King's indian defense plans
French defense plans
Is this same colored-Bishop ending really drawn for Black?
Significance / Plan behind the move
Aggressive Line against Alekhine's Defence?
Where do I play online games with a long time control?
What endgame has the longest known forced checkmate?
Is it ever posible to win if the only pieces left are two kings and a knight?
what is the fics mutual games history command
How not to use a chess engine?
The Meran System plan of attack
Plan to proceed in this position
A piece was knocked down during a blitz game
The Art of the Checkmate, Quiz 24: Is there a win?
Which top engine is strong on what?
Is Behting Study Still Beating Computers?
How do I make my opening reportorie stronger, specifically my Grand Prix Attack against high level competition?
Why is, according to Stockfish (depth = 28), a4 the best move here for White?
Open source Chess engines under MIT license?
Do GPL-licensed engines permit modifying and closing the source code?
100 Endgames You Must Know - What's the difference between 3rd & 4th Eds?
What are the differences between Chess and Go from the perspective of computers?
When en passant is the only legal move
Free chess engine
Real Chess Board which detects the moves we do
How do people use chess software to improve their practical skills?
Coding chess engine
What is a good chess engine to play against on an android phone?
Nimzowitsch Defence - 1. e4 Nc6 2. Nf3 variation
Using Tarrasch Chess GUI to annotate
why is the definition of check not circular
Which piece should I move and where should I move it when playing against black in chess when I have the first move of the game?
Playchess client for Mac
How often can I castle?
Why are these sacrifices good moves? What are the winning follow-ups?
How much time you spend on one puzzle?
How to find training games?
What is the shortest number of moves from the starting position required for Black to mate White with a pawn?
Can watching grandmasters' games improve my chess 'thinking'?
Has anyone ever (beautifully!) escaped check with checkmate?
What does checkmate actually mean?
Is Pawn Promotion obligatory?
Question on promoting pawns to queens
Is there any position where not promoting(illegally) would be the best move?
What's the chess website with the most correct online rating
Why doesn't Promotion restrict choices to Queen and Knight only?
White to force the end of the game in two moves
Is prophylaxis a feature of the hypermoderne school?
Play chess online and get an offical Elo rank
What chess games have violated commonly accepted principles?
Careers in Chess
Statistically, what is the best opening?
Running down the opponent's clock on purpose
Fide Rating result
Outcome of a game in case of an illegal checkmate
Should white be able to win this endgame?
Creative chess puzzles!
When losing in blitz, is it rude to play to win on time?
Is there a way (or tool) to convert games in PGN to notations like the one in the description?
Does FIDE give titles to chess composers?
Discovered check when winning
Joining a FIDE tournament abroad without a rating
How to overcome the copyrights for the book Bobby Fischer Teaches Chess in order to make an online interactive course for beginners
Source of this chess problem?
Fritz 12 in Win 8.1
White openings for counter-attacking players
getting better at chess
Chess position for a cake
Is it always better to accept gambits?
What's a good middlegame book like My System for Expert Class?
Theoretically, shouldn't analysis of any chess move have exactly nine possibilities?
Chess Opening Puzzle App
Automatic draw rules
Castling, is it necessary to take it?
Let's beat the Benko Gambit!
iOS app that calculates multiple lines
What is perpetual check?
Searching Deep Fritz 14 Database
Two Knights Defense 4. Ng5 - Strategy?
How can I know my rating in chess
What does "bxa1=Q" mean?
What is the longest current tablebase mate with a unique optimal line?
Probability of making a game-losing move as a function of Elo?
Is playing stronger oppenents useful as a beginner?
What are the best opening moves and plan for a "pawn plus 2 moves" handicap game?
What are Black's plans in this position from the Breyer defence?
Kasparov quote reference
4 Player chess strategies
Adventures from the ODCL - How To Play The Endgame?
Can a player play on more than one team in the USATE?
Is Chess a solved game?
E-Ink/Digital Paper for Display
Could Karpov defend against Kasparov in 1990 championship?
Average ELO of Tradewise Gibraltar Chess Festival 2016?
What was the last open tournament Anand participated in before this Gibraltar 2016 event?
How do players "see" several moves ahead?
Standalone chess problem solver for Android
Is this a legitimate defence to Ruy Lopez openings?
Lichess vs chess.com blitz ratings
B+N worth R + how many pawns?
Lichess.org rating vs rating in real life
USCF Ruling - Resignation confusion after reaching results sheet
Slav - Theory Heavy Book
Is it possible to achieve this goal? Asking strong chess players
What is the name of this pawn structure for black, with doubled c and f pawns?
What's the name of this opening for white?
Is any chess software specifically for forced mates?
How to measure my elo with using deep fritz 14?
Queen's Gambit Accepted, how to continue after 3. e3 c6
Is there a misuse of the word flanking in My System by Nimzowitch?
Online Chess Communities
Adventures in the ODCL Pt. 2 - How about this endgame?
What are the best books on (A) General Theory, (B) Calculation Process/Improvement
What features can I add to this FIDE chess application? (edits made 2/25)
Is it illegal to write clock time in the score sheet during tournaments?
New to SCID, Where should I begin?
Is it true that at any time only one piece can put king in check?
What are some good books on the Italian game, including the Evans Gambit and Two Knights Defense family of openings?
Why is ...e5 dubious here?
Why is taking the e4 Pawn considered risky here?
Repertoire book on the Ruy Lopez exchange variation?
Why is the Scheveningen Sicilian almost never seen nowadays at top-level chess?
Kasparov trying to poison Kamsky
What are signs of achieving Master strength?
Chess players who committed murder
Are there any vegetarian or vegan Masters apart from Anand?
Why did Bobby Fischer quit chess after the match with Spassky?
Meaning of move stats in opening databases
Convert between different rating systems
Why almost nobody plays ...6...b5 in the Lipnitsky Najdorf?
Beginners question: Controlling the center
The borg against d4?
Highly inconsistent playing level
How come this king and knight + rook pawn vs king endgame not drawn?
How to reach ELO Rating 2000?
Chess game viewer plugin for wordpress
How do I raise my tactic trainer rating to 2300?
What's the best way for someone to use their time with a chess coach?
Does chess improve our intelligence?
Sicilian, Smith Morra gambit pawn structure
Facebook Messenger Chess
How is the 2016 Zurich Chess Challenge "new classical" format different from rapid chess?
What was the biggest blunder made by Boris Spassky in Game 6?
Is it important to have chess as part of the education in schools?
Books dealing with the g3 Queen's Indian
Pawn promotion to queen of the other color
Top chess books and online software that would help me increase my rating
USCF player question
No writing down moves in advance of making, or in advance of completing
Looking for website for organising private tournaments with swiss system?
How to calculate initial Elo rating?
Why is Chinese chess (xiangqi) harder for computers than international chess?
Program to solve positions
It is possible to mate enemy king if this would put your king in check?
Chess movie as educational incentive
How to become a rated player?
I sometimes miss very obvious moves. How can I improve my game?
Engines like Arena
How to play against the Noteboom variation?
How to reduce number of variants in annotate in Scid vs PC
How to limit lines in scid vs pc in annotate mode?
What is the lowest possible rating you can achieve (if any)?
Applying Techniques in Tutorials
Is there an Android chess GUI library
Why can't I castle on Arena chess?
If the king is blocked is it checkmate?
Is there a chess move history app (Mac)?
Chess engines as similar to A.I
Free chess engine with a tablebase
Shogi without Japanese characters (kanji)
How to see average game length for specific chess opening (number of moves)?
How to get a chessbase learning product (Video + Cbh) to run on a mac ?
Caro-Kann Apocalypse Attack
What is the best way to document and archive my past games?
Moving pawns which are defending the king
How do you use Fritztrainer DVD with Fritz 15?
What are good chess books of 2016?
Can a tournament allowed to run if all players are allowed to cheat?
How defend against rooks in 7th rank?
Shocking queen sacrifices?
Why go for stalemate here?
Chess Engines and Elo Ratings
Check for checkmate
Judit Polgar is too famous perhaps?
Will there be any anti-cheating measures that affect the broadcast in the Candidates tournament?
Four way chess - checkmate
Has any chess engine developed its own opening book?
How to review past games
What is a Gambit?
Is this a fortress?
Chess Strategy Defined
Why is bishop slightly better than a knight?
Live viewers for top chess events
A new AI wins at go. Can a similar AI win at chess? Can it achieve pure self-training?
What are examples of grandmaster games where both Black and White castle opposite sides and the queenside players loses?
Chess knowledge and understanding
Retrograde analysis of chess in The Flanders Panel by Pérez-Reverte
Unusual replies to Scandinavian Defense
Is it ethical to force a draw via perpetual check?
Static exchange Evaluation (SEE) optimization
Because of the distortion of the computer era, is it preferable to study mainly old opening lines?
Adding AI knowledge base
Engame trainer software
How is this retrograde analysis position legal?
How to take advantage of under-development of opposing pieces?
Is there an online chess evaluation engine with a REST API?
Is there a way to ask stockfish from the command line if a position is "quiet"?
Is this position lost for White?
Initial position with board "reflected"
Lookig for a chess database with MCO style reports
Arena Software and Mac OS X
What is the best structured resource for self training?
Why did this guy resign, was there a strategic reason?
How to handle resignations from unlost positions when learning?
A quiet mate in two
Static Exchange Evaluation (SEE) without move undo
Does it make sense for White to play as "Black" when he's lost the initiative?
Help me with this puzzle
What advantage does black gain from this move?
SCID not recognising transpositions
Queen's gambit continuation
Fritztrainer on Linux
chess win expectancy by material difference table or calculator
How to read score from stockfish - inconsistent response every call?
Positional play: Slav the way to go?
How can I get informed if a titled chess player will be holding a simul?
If the Sicilian is so strong, why do people still play e4 in competitions?
Win an exchange vs winning a piece
What are the ideas behind the Blackmar-Diemer gambit?
Exchanged Slav defense. Gambit the c6 pawn. Why not?
What's the difference between SCID and SCID vs PC?
Could you help me to find which game this is?
Unusual chess notation
Tournament strategy to gain maximum points
SAN for nullmove?
Non-losing strategy for white
Was there ever a time when the goal in chess was to capture the king?
Are the GUIs of Chessbase chess programs the same?
Would you look for mate, if tactics to win materials are easier to spot?
Which books are suited for 1500 elo?
Is it still possible to develop new openings?
Learning chess theory
Fischer playing Greenblatt in 1977
How does a USA chess player get invited to a chess tournament like the China-USA Chess Summit (2013)?
Castling in the French Defense?
How to decide what openings to stick with?
I know my mistakes but how would I learn from them?
Statistical Right Handedness Bias in Move Selection?
How to flip board in scid?
Losing against lower rated opponents
Does ...Rxe3+ work for Black?
Are there any Linux GUIs that can be controlled via command line?
Extreme effort to keep a pawn backward
Sicilian defense answer to Bc4 and Qf3
Why is this a threefold repetition draw?
What does chess theory refer to?
Please help me understand the f6 break in the French defense
What to do in an opening trap
Pieces, pawns and chessmen
Please Critique my game played by my engine
Becoming a pretty good chess player
Can the outcome of the submitted position be clearly determined?
Which openings are playable at (pre-)FM level - IM level?
What are some chess tournaments around the world that have both Grandmasters and non-professionals players in the same section?
Why can't knights lose tempo?
Is there a way to get a FIDE ID without playing in FIDE rated events?
Problems with chess anxiety?
What is a good opening software program?
MOVING 2 PIECES TOGETHER
Anaylsis of my game
How does one become a theoretician?
En Passant - Usage after one or more move(s)
Chess Logic - Tigran Petrosian's doctoral dissertation
What is meant by "nerves" in chess?
In the Ruy Lopez, does White play on the queenside or King side?
What are the most popular defences White should be prepared to fight against in the Ruy Lopez?
Why is Qe2 stronger in this position?
How to develop tactical and combinational awareness?
Why do people say blitz chess can be bad for your chess?
How to play this bishop & pawn endgame?
I'm confused by UCI Pondering and Time Control
How to gain material by trading pieces?
Why am I getting different behaviour between using stockfish as a child node process and a CLI called process?
How do I become less materialistic?
FIDE rating: how games are rated if a new list is published while playing a tournament
Facing irregular or uncommon openings
Bobby Fischer and the U.S
Is it possible to be a good chess player without theory?
Can't decide on an opening for white
KRPP vs KRP - maximum depth to conversion?
Does ...Nxg4 really work?
Why not 1.Nf3 d5 2.c4 Nf6 against the Reti opening?
Amazing chess feats while in altered states of consciousness
What happened to Alexander Alekhine's family?
Need help spotting whats wrong?
5...Nf6 in Sicilian defense
Why do you put a knight or pawn in front of a fianchetto bishop?
What is a good plan for white against the Rubinstein variation in the French defense?
Can Black crash through?
How to recapture more efficiently?
Why is the g3 and Bg2 set up so strong vs the Dutch?
Books/resources on Scotch (as white) and Petroff (both sides but mainly as black)
Ranking systems that take into account the size of the victory
How to respond to atypical black defense of Ruy Lopez
Is it worth it to transition into more open lines when one is used to closed, positional games?
Bullet rating fluctuations
Trying to locate a historical game in which the win involves sacrificing two rooks
Why not 6.Ng3 against the French Rubinstein?
What is wrong with f2-f4 against the French Defense?
How to use TWIC files for study
Best programable chess game on the market
Query for games where the difference of player ratings was big
How to relax when playing chess?
How to become a professional who plays chess?
Fischer vs. Geller, Curacao Candidates 1962
Is there a chess GUI that gives an evaluation of each move?
How to practice tactics correctly?
What is this battleship-style chess variant called?
Why 6.Nc3 in the following position in Grob opening?
Best reply against the Italian Game after 3...h6 4. d4?
Who is better in this endgame?
No longer feel like playing chess?
How does analyzing help me improve?
What is the status of correspondence chess?
Is 1.e4 the best first move for White from a theoretical point of view?
Software for online lessons
Why do some players never accept a draw offer?
Dealing with flexible opening positions
What to do with no stronger players around?
Psychology in Chess
Is there published advice on giving simuls?
How to determine the value of a piece from scratch?
Prove that white is not allowed to castle here
What is the name of this variation: 1. e4 b6 2. e5?
White's c5 in Semi-Slav (or Slav) Defense
Game engine versus engine from a given position
Was Ilya Makoveev cheating?
Suggest a line for a player who does not want to be dragged into the Sicilian
Why does 6.Bc4 prevent 6...e5 in the Sicilian Najdorf?
What is wrong with taking the e4 pawn in the Najdorf Sicilian after 6.Bc4?
What are the rules for pawn wars?
Light chess literature for beginning kids and their parents
Continuous-motion animated chess diagrams
Tool for solving puzzles with multiple defense lines, alternative solutions and playing wrong lines until user resigns
Full games archive in FIDE Arena
Advice on how to draw with White
How can Elo be unofficially estimated?
How to resign when my opponent is not at the board?
How to offer a draw when the opponent is not present
Why is drag and drop more popular than click-click in online blitz
Why does a touched piece not have to move in online play?
Did Stein really ridicule Fischer for grabbing the poisoned pawn in the Najdorf Sicilian?
h6 as a prophylactic move in the opening
What is the green/red line in this analysis
Touch a piece and then claim opponent's previous move was illegal
Based on their separate and mutual records, what chance does Karjakin have against Carlsen?
Was this considered a stalemate?
Rook and knight used together within the same move - legal?
How to play for a win with White without fighting for an opening advantage
Endgame books or web-sources
What are the shogi equivalents of Fool's and Scholar's mate?
Can black win in this KR vs. KN endgame?
Bronstein's lines of attack on the chessboard
Is ECO still the best reference for all chess openings?
What is the most controversial opening or variation?
Can White win this knight endgame?
Unclear endgame / late middlegame position: looks like advantage white to me, but engine analysis suggests draw
What does "master" mean?
Does chess help develop moral virtues or correct practical attitudes?
Why sacrifice the rook?
Is there a proper way to indicate "stalemate" on your scoresheet?
Why using the queen is not a good idea in this case?
Reasoning for Rook sacrifice
Please review my game in the King's Gambit Accepted
Is a Caro-Kann game still advisable after 1. e4 c6 2. g4?
syzygy tablebase generation program
Chess diagram scanner
Steely, grim perseverance in the face of certain destruction
Can computer analysis really understand human behavior?
What is the highest number of different mates in 1 you can have in one (legal) position?
How respectable is the CM title?
What is the idea behind 10.h3 in the Scotch Four Knights
Simple mate in 2?
Mac/iOS chess app with rates option
Which binary of Stockfish 7 should I use?
How do strong players know opening ideas, plans, etc?
Best books on middlegame strategy?
Why is closing the center by White generally considered a concession?
Valid claim for a draw in a blitz game?
Simultaneously managing attack and defense
Does knowing your opponent's personality have any influence on the game-plan
How to pronounce "eval"?
About 12...Bg5 and move orders in the 9.Nd5 Sveshnikov
Why can't I put Stockfish in SCID?
Quintuple pawns / Interesting pawn structures
How to pronounce Caissa?
High-quality (not bitmap) diagram software
Meditation practice among the chess elite?
How to create PGN notation with wrong moves in it?
Do people still play chess at Washington Square Park?
How to play against an engine using Babaschess
If I analyze a move in a position to depth 25, then why am i only up to depth 15 immediately after playing the move?
How to continue in this game?
Drawn R+2P vs R endgame
How to improve positional chess understanding?
Play online live game against a friend with time odds?
English opening against Dutch defense
Does any country have as many GM's per capita as Armenia?
What does "U2000: ($600 b/25) $250-150-100." mean?
King's indian attack vs defense relationship
Problems: record for most mates-in-2
Practicing against an engine vs practicing over the board?
Ideas behind the Grünfeld defense
Gull engine : Which depth value to set 6 difficulty levels?
Least number of moves to achieve a complete switchover of nonpawns in starting setup
Do you get an extra turn when you promote your pawn?
Analyzing complete games on iPad?
What are the sites and links to get a FIDE rating?
How do I install SCID Chess on a Mac?
Is there a name for a rook moving in front of the pawn on a particular file?
How many windmills types exist in chess?
Opening g3 - Bg2
Was Paul Morphy a slow player?
Is there any software that can be used for positional chess training?
Can a Chess Engine ever play a novelty?
Sufficient mating material, less a king?
Is computer chess exhibiting the predicted "draw death"?
Ideal move in this situation
When should black make the cxd4 move in French?
Which of these two endgame books?
Best resources to learn the Chigorin variation of the Ruy Lopez for both colors?
Has there been a game which was drawn with three queens?
Mental models in chess
Why is chess dominated by relatively young players?
Pawn structure books
The New Art of Defense in Chess vs The Art Defense in Chess
How do I host a casual tournament for elementary level players?
Can playing too much chess affect your performance?
How do I get better with my strategy?
Did it make sense for Lasker to play the Exchange variation of the Ruy Lopez in 1914?
Where to buy my favorite magnetic chess set
Why did non-Russian masters allow Capablanca to play "standard" openings against them?
Can I play on Lichess with my own "client"?
Promoting a pawn
What's a really good tactic trainer rating on chess.com for a Candidate Master?
check and checkmate on following moves
Is it possible to fully analyse, at least some openings of chess?
What is a "big pawn"?
King's Indian Attack - Middle game ideas
Why does chess.com's tactics player avoid taking the queen in this problem?
What is the point value of each chess piece?
Do users of chess-db get informed when you play against their computer simulation of themselves?
How can I analyze and annotate multiple (500) games with stockfish?
Looking for SmallChess source code?
An offline alternative to lichess.org's online analysis engine
Why did Smirin resign against Anand in the Blitz semifinal 1994?
Basic software for any chess enthusiast
Which webpage broadcasts a single chess game, usually Carlsen's, in infinite analysis?
Steps to checkmate in my endgame position
What are some good podcasts to listen to?
What is the origin of the Merida chess font?
What are the main ideas for White in the Queen's Gambit Accepted, 3.e4 variation?
How can I open a .cbh databse
What is the current highest rated chess engine?
How is it possible that the Lomonosov-endgame-tablebase from 2012 still is the most powerful tablebase?
Play chess in Python programming language?
Is opposite-side castling an advantage?
What has been the difference between Kramnik and Anand?
Checkmating with two bishops
Full Footage From 1972 Championship
How to host an own chess ICS server?
Building a chess using magic bitboard... how do I know if the movement is valid
Software suggestions to make printed chess exercises for kids
How to learn an opening
Why did Gelfand resign against Anand in the shortest match in WCC?
How I tell the UCI engine to show less info during search?
Chess study methods / memorisation techniques from before the computer-based SRS era
Understanding magic bitboard
Chess.com rating vs FIDE rating
Does three-player chess have any special tactics I should know about?
Would it be offense to a chess coach to hire another titled player just to play training games with?
En Passant vs In Passing
Cmail/XBoard won't allow move
Is the chess problem a dead form?
How could I have won this Q vs R+N endgame?
My question is about inconsistencies in Stockfish 7 outputs
Does Stockfish(and other chess engines) learn after an analysis? (is there a machine learning algorithm implemented in it?)
Are chess grand masters automatically checkers grandmasters?
Is there an Android viewer that understands international language comments in PGN?
How should I have decided which side to attack on?
Strategy behind this chess position?
Example highlighting overprotection
When and why should I trade minor pieces?
How do you calculate elo?
Is it too late to be a chess grandmaster at age 14?
Where can I find collections of chess problems (ideally direct mate) with solutions?
Does the French Defense have any variation similar to the King's Indian Defense opening
Calculate the first N unknown moves of a chess game
Help me find this Lasker Chess quote
Arena Chess playing with the engines
What's the goal of a minority attack?
What constitutes a chess ecosystem?
How to exploit an opponent's time trouble? (no increment)
Why did Capablanca win a majority of games playing as black?
Should beginners learn some boring drawn games first?
Can anyone explain the motives of this chess engine?
What is the idea of the Kaufmann Attack (5.c4) against the Petroff?
Are mind games effective?
Have there been any simul round-robin games?
Bishop's opening - what's the point of 4. Qe2?
Pawn-Promotions
Bughouse rating formula
Reference for good French Defense games?
Is it worth putting small kids in competitive chess?
What's wrong with Long castle in accelerated Dragon being white?
What is the purpose of editorial comments in Informants?
Are there any illegal positions that are difficult to spot?
Is there a way to watch blitz championship currently on chess.com on youtube?
Knight & Bishop vs. Queen
In the endgame KQ vs K, can you premove your way to checkmate?
Why wasn't Caruana able to maintain the level he played in Sinquefield Cup - 2014 ?
Help trying to invent a tactical chess opening
A good site to learn Anki for chess openings?
Promotion transition
Does engine score correlate with winning chances?
How to highlight current and previous move of the player in chessboard.js?
Are there non-Chess games that use a chess board with "black on the right"
Board order in chess olympiads
How is a player rated who has similar results against a wide range of players?
Are there any websites that allow standard correspondence chess time controls?
Moving into check?
Reasons why king and rook mate quicker than king, knight/bishop and bishop?
What is the consequence of removing the two-square first move rule?
Have there really been more books published on chess than any other sport?
What should be Black's next move?
Long algebraic notation-piece promotion
An unnecessary threat?
Can you please help me analyse my game?
How to have Arena show the second and third best move in analysis?
How to complete a checkmate in this game?
Make Arena send last move to chess engine
Tiebreaks in the Baku Chess Olympiad
Suggestions for endgame study
Developing a New Software Application in Chess
Should I play a risky combination when I don't see the refutation?
Play Crazyhouse OTB
Looking for a stable pawn structure after 1. Nf3
Old FIDE Title Regulations
1998 USCF Chess Rankings
Is a rook ending where the winning side has a passed g and d pawns drawn?
How do I get my FIDE percentile?
Why not fight off a bishop on row 5 with pawns?
Agreeing a draw after checkmate
When should I trade into opposite colored bishops?
Middlegame plans
Which gambits get good results if they're accepted, but lead to poor results for the gambiteer if they're declined?
Validate Engine moves using Perft and divide
How and why were the chess pieces given as "odds" predetermined?
Unit Testing a chess board representation
Unusual Caro-Kann Variation
Who could win today: modern chess players or computers with old games database?
Chess variation where the goal is to lose all pieces
Novice Kid Play and Declaring Winners when Recess is Over
Pinned Vs. Checkmate
What are good chess tournaments that are FIDE rated in China for foreigners?
Can any opening get outdated?
What is the longest known stalemate your opponent in x-moves problem?
Chess Clock App that does not pause when put in the background?
Scid PGN analysis using Stockfish
Giuoco Piano to Kids
Moral question about online chess & engine analysis
What are all of the possible tags for PGN?
Pawns In The Bishop Endgames
Threefold repetition: Am I getting it right?
Strong chess program for GNU/Linux with a command line interface?
What should I do when my opponent and I are "chasing" each other around?
C45g, where to find this ECO code?
Knight constrained in advance Caro-Kann
How many games to play in a chess match?
Add comments in a pgn file
What are the main differences between 6...Bb4 and 6...Be7 in the Panov-Botvinnik attack?
Is it possible to integrate an opening book and/or endgame tablebase into a chess engine? If so, how?
Traps in the Owen's opening
Books for chess traps
Looking for a Horrible-by-design chess engine
Did Karpov really only wash his hair when he lost?
How to force engine (eg. Stockfish) to play position till checkmate in Lucas Chess?
Positional motifs and training websites/softwares/apps?
How to remember Silman's imbalances?
For team events, what is the correct way to record a player's team in PGN format?
What should I eat during a tournament?
What sort of job opportunities fits well with a good chess player?
Mate with 3 Knights
free alternatives to SwissSys?
Neither Attacking nor Defending?
Why is 7. f3 so ubiquitous in the Yugoslav Sicilian?
Substituting one engine for another in a tournament
Engame Play: Knight Endings
Is short castling dangerous in Bughouse?
What are some resources for someone past beginner but not yet intermediate?
What is the optimal way to use Stockfish programmatically?
C++ vs Java Engine move generation performance
Fritz for Fun 13: how do I add positions to a new database?
Tarrasch defense with 6. dxc5
Detect pinned pieces code
Is 1. Nf3 good for white in bughouse?
Returning scores for all possible moves from a chess engine
How did this game end in a draw?
Is there any UCI engine that presents DTZ information from syzygy in analyse mode?
What are some good resources one may use to get better at chess? (training etc)
Is there a list of ALL potential mates/traps under 10 moves or so?
Strongest / most aggressive 1. d4 openings
King's Gambit Variation
48 pieces on one board
How is this position a draw?
How do the best centaurs compare to the best computers?
Reti opening with bishop aiming kingside
Scid vs Mac game interrupted
In a simul what happens with timing when only one player is left?
What are some beginner to advanced openings or variations I could use?
Compiling asmFish on macOS
SyzygyPath in asmFish
Can you recommend a variation in the English opening for a technical player?
Using a Linux UCI Engine with a GUI (eg. Fritz 15)
Carlsen vs Karjakin individual encounter results statistics so far?
Change of venue of 1972 match
Short castle in Trompowsky
What to do when your opponent doesn't play along in the opening?
Where can I watch Carlsen - Karjakin with video + commentaries?
Tips for the Najdorf Sicilian?
Queen & Rook Middlegames
Why do some openings have Indian in their name?
Does 1) d4 Nc6 have a name?
Draws by game number in championship matches
Tournament Preparation
How is White compensated in these lines of the Milner-Barry gambit?
Symmetries in chess
Implementing Late Move Reduction (LMR) inside iterative deepening
Who is eligible to play in the 2017 FIDE Asian Zonal 3.3 in Tagaytay, Philippines?
Is there a master list of FEN chess positions for advanced beginner/intermediate?
Najdorf threefold repition
Does it make sense to use an online ELO-rating-test for a beginner as a monthly test tool in order to see my progress?
Should a beginner try to learn 1 specific opening in depth or is not the best use of time?
Blender 3D models for chess pieces and board for blind players (open licence)?
Delete annotations in pgn games
Are there any lines in the Lopez Opening / MacLeod Attack that are actually good for White?
Huge difference between elometer.net approximation and other rating
How should I prevent the quality of my game from declining?
How to play against bad bishop outside pawn chain
Difficulty of attaining USCF rating in different states.
Is White checkmated?
What are minimum number of moves needed to checkmate a king using king and rook?
Is there a Unicode-compatible alternative to PGN?
Can wildcard characters be used in search in Chessbase for Android?
What to play as black after Bishop's Opening: 1. e4 e5; 2. Bc4
Attacking the accelerated dragon
Are the best engines good enough that they will always win against the best humans?
Why grandmasters play giuoco pianissimo less often than the ruy lopez?
What does the FIDE do besides organize the international tournament?
How to determine checkmated positions using DOS/CMD, from numerous FEN/EPD chess positions?
What is a fortress in Chess?
Computers finding computer moves
What is the strongest chess engine working on Arduino (Atmega328)?
Question about Arena and strength of chess engines
Make chess great again
How to improve my early endgame / late middlegame?
Position of pieces in square
Symmetric zugzwang positions?
Engine that likes to draw
Implement a chess app for Android with Stockfish
R+3P vs B+N+3P ending. Win or draw, and plans for both players
Playing stockfish level 3000 on Arena 3.5.1
Deep Blue versus Magnus Carlsen?
Notable decisive grandmaster-level games where only pawns were captured?
Ruy Lopez Open Variation
Two questions about: Wesley So vs Varuzhan Akobian (2016)
How to avoid an overly cluttered board in the opening?
Seconds of Magnus Carlsen
Meaning of winning percentage
Pawn Structure database
When will the 2018 FIDE Candidates tournament be held, and who will qualify for it?
How can we convert PGN format to Resource Description Framework (RDF)?
How computers have changed the way humans play chess
FIDE norm chance expectation calculation question
What is the name of chess format in which one player has only pawns, no king?
End-game, is this scenario winnable?
Chess puzzles in newspapers and magazines which offer a prize
software for a survey of chess openings
Strange(?) opening by computer (beginner level)
How do you implement Alpha-Beta search when you can only compare 2 positions to each other?
Is the open Catalan a gambit?
How do I determine who has white or black?
Sicilian Najdorf 6. Bg5 line
How to break through a stubborn Semi-Slav?
How bad is 1...a6?
How to improve positional play while keeping the initiative?
Chess software that can show all legal moves?
Why is castling seen as making the king so safe?
Chess endings progress story
Stretching the tournament rules re: capturing pieces
Who is better after this queen sacrifice line?
Where can I find a list of all theoretically possible piece combinations where checkmate is possible? (e.g. bishop and knight and pawn vs knight)
Using the diagonal in perpetual queen checks?
Psychological training
What does "best five out of eight" mean?
Monte Carlo Chess
Where can I find a list of chess games (or PGN file) for games less than X number of moves (specifically 12 moves)?
Chesscademy Tactic: Is my alternative as good as the right answer?
Are all KQvK positions winnable if it's not stalemate and Black can't capture on current move?
What are some main lines of the Horwitz Defense (d4 e6) besides the French?
Verbal description of FIDE/USCF ratings
Which chess opening to learn?
Can a knight jump into a square in both an odd and even number of moves?
Promoting to Rook or Bishop
Get Fide-rated without revealing your birthday?
App that identifies moves as Excellent/Good/Mistakes/Blunders
Mathematical formula to get how broad opening repertoire is
Elo loss for resign vs checkmate
Why 6...e5 in King's Indian?
Is three knights versus knight really winning?
What does it mean to call a line "sharp"?
What is a "club player"?
Psychology of moving a piece
Shortcomings of Chess.com
Openings that Black has success with statistically?
A chess problem (need help with analysis)
Great Chess match resources (PGN) suggestions anyone?
How close was Seirawan to challenging Kasparov?
How does Lichess rating compare to USCF?
How to calculate which opening move is modern
Generate Simple Mate In 1 From Tablebases (for kids)
How do people 'see' the position in blindfolded games?
The Urusov Gambit
How to play better with Knight?
Undermining pawn chains at the "wrong" end
Fathom syzygy browsing tool
How is Kasparov vs Shirov 1992 a victory?
How to deal with unorthodox players?
Clarification in the book Logical Chess, Move by Move, by Chernev
What are some common tactics that arise when black has played h6?
Where can I find a rarity table of chess player ratings?
Why does White play 13. f3 and not 13. f4 in the Modern Benoni, Classical Line?
how to determine objectively if a move is passive or aggressive?
How can I concentrate during training
How do you calculate pawn endgames, like if you have X number of pawns facing X numbers of opposite color?
Would games played between two perfect players always end up on a draw?
Improvement of chess engines over time
Alternative approaches to chess engine programming
Bughouse sitting/stalling full strategic breakdown
Which chess players are/were best at the endgame? Can you refer me to their exemplary games?
Best way to use UCI engine to play against itself
List of Crazyhouse engines
When should you charge pawns in front of a castled king?
A first book for a chess beginner
How do you use 'en passant'?
Alekhine's defence: Exchange variation 5.e5?
What's the origin of chess?
Was I right to capture the pawn in this position
Can there be two bishops on white tiles? If not can I get my queen killed and change my pawn to a queen and win the game
Advantages in chess game
XiangQi (Chinese chess) textbook or video tutorial
Deleting multiple games from a large PGN file
What happens when someone quits in the middle of a swiss tournament?
Winning percentage in chess 960
Different number of day options in tournaments
1. e4 with backup plan
I have an unusual chess set and am seeking advice
The best way to continue King's Gambit Accepted as White after 3 ... Be7
Chess team tournament regulation query
French defence vs Sicilian defence
Pros and Cons for black in Queen's Gambit Accepted
Check by Knight NxC3+ Move Implications
Has anyone used the Anki decks to learn tactics?
Engine against non-perfect players
Please analyze my game
Main idea of Bird's opening
What is the idea behind playing 6.a3 in the Sicilian Najdorf?
ECO D35 for Game Analysis,- Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation, 3...Nf6 game for analysis
Associating myself with my FIDE chess profile
Point assigned to move in Lucas Chess
engines keep playing same game
Scotch opening 5.Nf3
How to find chess students?
"chess problem" software (free/paid) to download for PC?
Funny games for 1 player with chess theme
What can be the variation name of this complete game which falls on ECO C02
Do major chess publishers use custom software for typesetting chess books?
Instead of giving checkmate, I gave stalemate. Why?
Stockfish crashing on checkmate positions, and erroneous evaluation
Chess games ownership, databases to use in app to sell
Horde Chess Guide?
Is it beneficial to play themed practice games?
6 man syzygy tablebase and ramdisk
Why does black not move Queen here?
How could I have improved my attack in this game?
Are chess engines too briliant to play good endgame?
Why does White fianchetto the light square Bishop in QID
Why does FIDE rate women in different category?
Public higher-order endgame tablebases for *common* positions?
what does this move achieve?
Endgames: How was "maximum moves required" determined before tablebases?
Checkless Chess
Is this 2B vs. N endgame won for the bishops?
What do top players' get from coaches?
Variation of chess where winner has to capture all pieces?
Could two kings force checkmate against a lone king?
Why is Kf8 the recommended move here?
Is there a copy of Troitsky's analysis of KNN vs. KP online anywhere?
Method to study chess puzzles way above your level
How to start arena on Ubuntu linux
I heard professional chessplayers must train physically as well as mentally. Why is that?
What is the number of chess position for each move?
The strength of Smith-Morra gambit
Intervening with swiss pairing
Swiss pairing parameters
Are computers playing good chess beyond what humans can see?
Good master games for learning how to win from a superior position
Are there any dicylic graphing programs for chess?
Who is the teacher of the game that has a lesson plan as follows:
How to learn chess if you're still a 3-digit rating after a few years
ECO D00 Game for Analysis
starting with the sodium attack
Puzzle training: rotating tactical themes or exhausting each one?
Connecting Chess Engine with a Java program
Writting of a tournament game
beginner chess terminology: opening is white's and defense is black's?
multi PVs using triangular array
To what move depth should you analyze a chess position
Using multiple chess engines for chess preparation
Is it disrespectful to pay attention to other things while playing?
Only being able to move and not capture while in check
Can you objectively determine who was the best chess player of all time?
What are the advantages of the QGD over the Slav?
Refutation of the Maróczy Bind, suitable for correspondence chess?
What exactly means centipawns field in stockfish/uci output?
Enter non-game moves in Chessbase
What are the main differences between 2...d5 and 2...e5 in the anti-Caro-Kann?
Is the Scandinavian Defense a good opening for beginners?
ECO B40 game for analysis
What does the annotation symbol "TR" mean?
Can King take piece end up threatened?
Is exchanging a knight for a bishop and open the game a good strategy for beginners?
Can white win this Q+P endgame?
Does SCID have a command for removing preceding moves in a game?
What is the line here?
How are chess variations meant to be read
Why Black should play Max Lange attack, when its favorable for white only.?
What to do about my low initial rating?
Can a player ever lose her or his rating (voluntarily)?
Stockfish: How to do so it only gives hints to one color
Can I capture my own piece?
Is Magnus Carlsen ever going to play against Stockfish in a event?
How to slow down replay in Arena
Good tournaments in 2017 to go for a sport holiday
Can you checkmate with rook vs knight?
How can I add the Komodo chess engine to ChessBase 9?
What is chess style?
Get percentage amount of Stockfish usage
Opening saved game Stockfish
Stalemate or mate please suggest
BigData of chess
Why did Shirov not trade bishop for knight in this position to play against doubled, isolated b-pawns?
Consistently playing moves below my potential
Which is MCO book by Walter
Meaning and origin of 'theory' in 'opening theory'
What is the idea behind the touch move rule?
Don't understand why white resigned
Personal chess database
Good format for library of chess positions w/tags?
Which elements of chess are best to focus on for extended "crash course" learning?
Ways to evaluate a position?
How to survive a Kingside Attack in Chess?
The number of possible moves in Chess
Strategic implications in this puzzle by S. Polgar/P. Truong
Bug in Stockfish/Suggesting bad move
What kind of statistics should I run on a database?
How do I become chess world champion?
Blindfold chess tournaments
What happens if me and my opponent only have kings?
Can it be said that draws occur less often between top-level players of equal caliber, rather than machine draws?
Efficient ways to go from pseduo legal to fully legal move generation
Why are O-O and O-O-O symbols used for castling in algebraic notation?
Chess fatigueness and recovery?
Purpose of Tarrasch variation in French
What's "National Master" in China?
Can white really not win this rook endgame?
How many attacks can be focused on one point?
Endgame training for a 7 year old kid
Where do black's centre pawns and light square bishop belong in the symmetrical English?
Can white still win this?
Why Miniature games at Master/ Grandmaster level?
Don't know what moves to make/Feeling lost all the time?
ECO A03 Bird's opening Dutch Variation for analysis
Is it ethical to spar against an engine when playing correspondence?
How to add arbitrary move to analyze by chess engine in Arena
Way to make a standard tell at beginning of game in Babas Chess?
White fights for equality in French classical?
Is "Rdxd2" algebraic chess notation valid?
Why Qe1 in the KIA? Why not Re1?
Algebraic notation avoiding ambiguity rank or file preference
Why does the engine suggest Be7 after Qe4+?
French Defense ECO C00 game for analysis
Defence against black pawn threatening E4
Is CQL executable available anwhere online?
program to output features in a position
What are the benefits of playing 1. h3?
How to play the opening?
Online chess lectures for kids
Select and deselect piece to move mode in Arena
Who was A. Karu? (played Paul Keres)
What if Stockfish had infinite computing power?
Why is an isolated queen pawn so special?
Engine output: FEN string when blundering
What are the mistakes committed by players who take many years to become an expert?
What is the "stonewall formation"?
What are the normal non-symmetric black responses to 1. d4
Chess as random process
What are the normal black responses to rookside openings?
Could I have improved my position in this pawn up exchange Slav?
How to play in a Closed Position?
Indian game pawn push variation
The a2-g8 diagonal in the Dutch Defense
Stop pinned knight opening
How many places can the queen move at each position?
Reviewing Chess Tactics Puzzles
Exercises for positional evaluation
Finding checkmate sequence / Successful attack completion
My chess AI makes the same repeated moves
Database program for statistics about mistakes
How many steps can a grandmaster foresee?
What website is this?
Considering Scandinavian defense versus Dutch defense
Q+N in attacking K
Is there any way to gain equality with the QGD Marshall Defence?
When did the light-on-the-right convention ascend to dominance?
Formal rules for two-player bughouse without a clock
Why ...g6 before ...Bxa6 in the Benko Gambit?
Analysing Positions in Databases with a program
What happens if you move your king on stalemate?
Programming the Three-fold repetition for my chess engine
Losing on time constantly
Is the advance Caro-Kann becoming less popular?
What are the laws concerning copyright of chess games?
KID fiancetto variation - reason for c6 after Nd7
Is my solution to this puzzle wrong or a transposition of the official one?
Can you save white from checkmate?
How does the scid opening trainer work
When is a good time to double rooks?
How could I have extracted an opening advantage in this Owen's defence game?
Is today's chess.com daily puzzle a draw (as hinted at in the puzzle title)?
How do I learn Chess Programming?
Does an out of turn draw offer constitute an actionable distraction / time penalty?
How are the scores decided in Chess?
"How are the scores decided in Chess?" - Correct?
What is considered a decisive evaluation of a board in chess?
Can anyone of us pinpoint the thinking Algorithm of Mikhail Tal?
Why are games more likely to last 60, 80 and 120 moves?
Why is pawn to c4 opening advantageous?
The genders of the pieces and pawns
Games of Mikhail Tal under the influence of alcohol?
Resignation methodology
What's the name of this set design?
In Sicilian Defense with pawn structure as in Scheveningen, what should black do when playing d5 does not look so good?
What are the symptoms of a weak back rank?
Najdorf poisoned pawn with or without 7..h6 8 Bh4
Chess GUI Java Swings code needs fixing
If both players simultaneously resign, what is the result of the game?
Have famous grandmasters ever been checkmated?
Is checkmate possible in knight vs knight pawnless endgame?
What are the possible terms for interference in the bishop endgame?
pgn-extract suppress output
Intention of two moves of Topalov vs Anand
Way to punish the d5 push after 1.d4 Nf6
Is the expression 'fixing pawns' or 'fixed pawns' - a proper term to describe blockaded pawns?
Outsmarting an intelligent copycat in the Ultrasymmetrical English
What to play after 4.d3 in the Two Knights for Black
Rid of Chess Addiction
Potential Rating Gain if Only 20 OTB Games Per Year
Unable to understand why N.McDonald - A. Stromer (1991) is a draw and not a win
How to add additional tags of png?
Question about KIA?
How to map file and rank to a square number in TSCP?
Is this an Anderssen's mate or Opera mate?
(Arena) How do I turn off highlighting of occupied squares under attack?
Online chess leavers
What is a more efficient thinking process?
Recover lost passion
Where to play with friend online with no need to register?
What is a good playstyle for players that are not good with deep calculations?
What is a chess database used for?
Who is the youngest player to defeat a reigning World Chess Champion in a classical chess game?
What is a good flexible opening for beginner with white?
Three-fold repetition and null move
Attack Opening For White
Checkmate with King and Knight vs King and Knight
KN vs. KN: can I force my opponent to take my knight?
Better opening than Ruy Lopez Exchange?
Is 1.d4 2.Nc3 3.Bf4 bad?
Why does the computer want to undermine this pawn chain at the tip instead of at its root?
Pawn promotion strategy
Misplaced King and Queen
Chess pairing program for double round robin
Difference between Swiss Manager Light and Full version?
Elimination of the knight: Direct or Indirect?
For how long can lone bishop stop king, knight and pawn?
What is the time control for FIDE chess tournaments?
Is there a site with preparation ideas for opening tabiyas?
Fastest Way to Amass Experience
Why does KQ vs. KP (flank pawn) on 7th draw?
Which Book should I choose
Significant and efficient advice for amateurs
Best heuristic for memorizing positions in chess
In this QGD Exchange variation, how should white deal with 6 ...Bg4?
What should the penalty be for a player leaving the playing venue?
Capablanca vs Lasker - 1921 WCC
Using Stockfish in c# android (xamarin) app
In the King's Indian Defense, is 9...Kh8 playable?
Is there a name for non-pawn pieces?
Successful attacks against the king without control of the center
Black's 6 move in open Sicilian
Open Sicilian Defense
After Bc4, is it better to play e6 to stop the bishop?
How do chess engines manage time when they play real games?
how much time is a pawn worth
Can anyone explain why Re7 is one of the lines suggested by Computer?
What is covered in "Grunfeld Defense: Russian Variations" (1988) by Eric Schiller?
Ancient style chess games?
PGN database with games of players with ELO 1000 - 2000
King's Indian defense: When is Nh5 the better option to prepare f5
What are some of the most unsportsmanlike conducts witnessed in over-the-board play?
Learning chess over the board vs using software
What would you do in this situation?
What to play vs. 1. d4 when Sicilian is my favorite defense?
Watson's strategic chess pgn file
Why did white decide to move his king to c3 before playing b3?
Why did Andersson waste two tempi in this game?
5 year old chess
Why was Nd2 played? instead of f4!
Checkmate in 6 moves
Engine evaluation in endgame not increasing, what it means?
How can one precisely sacrifice a piece for a winning attack?
How to use ending evaluation in UCI interaction with Stockfish
Board for lectures, with arrows, highlights, not checking rules
Identifying corresponding squares
Could White have won this double rook endgame?
Can black get a stalemate?
Where to find Tactical Exercises on the Decoy
Why is en passant only possible on the first opportunity?
How does one prepare for a big chess tournament?
Marshall Defense 1.d4 d5 2.c4 Nf6 — transpositions
What Strategic Plan White Player should have implemented in the Middle game?
Should white go for piece-a-piece or two rook endgame?
Why is Alex Dunne's book 'How to Be a Class A Player' so valuable?
Creating opportunities for tactics other than by enemy mistakes
.. c5 in Queens Gambit Declined
Chess challenge from a newspaper in 1927 (win in 2 moves)
During the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Era, what was the rule for stalemate in France?
Do top chess grandmasters have significant drawing chances against top engines?
How does black break into the position? What is a good plan for black?
Dvoretsky's Endgame Manual vs Fundamental Chess Endings
Does the Lomonosov Tablebase (and others) include extra material positions such as KQQvKQQQ?
How to send uci messages from c# app to stockfish on android?
Number of moves till draw with a king
Why is it a good idea to retreat the bishop into the pawn chain in this variation of the Caro Kann?
Pessimism in chess
Is castling a king move or a rook move?
Why is Rook worth 5 points but Bishop is worth 3?
Why is 14..Qd8 the most popular move in this variation of the Caro Kann?
Is there a method or tip to best memorize current enemy pieces' movements?
What's the problem with the Austrian Defense?
Plans in the Scandinavian Defence
Chessbase vs Hiarcs for DB management
Can't apply strategical knowledge in tournament games
How would you analyze this critical position from my most recent game?
How to view contents of database in ChessBase
Tit for tat sacrifice
Where to find specific endgame practice exercises/puzzles/practice bots?
False calculation of chess moves
How to determine if a position is open or closed in a "rigorous" fashion?
Is this rook sacrifice intended?
What should I play in this BvN endgame position?
Doubling pawns on the c file in King's Indian
What are some techniques for BvN endgames?
Multi-Period Time Controls Online
Chess GUI showing variations with arrows except SCID?
Can this knight move level the game?
Knight sacrifice performed by Deep Blue against Garry Kasparov
London System as White: exchange of the light-squared bishops
Is there a multiplayer Chess GUI that allows you to choose the starting position?
HElp! Can i still reach master level?
How do GMs and IMs prepare for tournaments?
Attacking play in chess
Does three fold repetition apply in a rapid game
Improving my game
Entering and saving chess games
One of my games
On how old hardware can modern engines be run, and how strong are they?
What next? I'm stuck!
Spectacular queen sacrifice game
Why does the GCT 2017 use delay?
Why is increment more popular than delay?
What is the best opening for a beginner who wants few pieces on the board?
The London System
How was vishwanathan anand?
"Knight rebus". Decipher an encoded chess position
What's the point of 7 Kf1(Krakow Variation) of the Italian game?
Python-chess is_zeroing and is_capture operation outputs
Emotionally getting over silly, stupid, mistakes
Very fast chess games-tournaments between engines?
What will be the best move in this position?
Why have more than one time control per game?
Jesus De La Villa's 100 Endgames book: Ambiguity
dark-squared Bishop in KID
How many times should I let my opponent know they forgot to press their clock?
From which top class game is the endgame motive?
How to write a chess evaluation function?
Tips to enjoy a tournament
How to win against queen with queen+rook, avoiding the draw with multiple checks
Why is there a women's championship
Chessbase products - difference
How can I play sharp in positional openings (English, Closed Sicilian, Giuoco Pianissimo)?
What's the point of early a2-a4 in the Modern Italian?
Is the 6.h4 Najdorf that bad?
What does the †† notation mean?
A word for the resulting piece of a promotion?
clock simultaneous exhibition
Is the person in this video any relation to Ian Nepomniachtchi?
How do I respond to 8. g3?! in the 4. e3 Slav?
Do chess coaches ever get disappointed with their students?
What is the native Mac Chess app's rating? Is there a good alternative?
Where can I find lists of best games per tournament?
What is the best chess site for strong players?
What's the right approach of storing moves generated using bitboards?
How can I control my nerves during chess tournaments?
How can a Stonewall Attack player respond to 1. ... f5?
Where can I find a whole bunch of complicated PGN files?
Stockfish: Engine suddenly changed the side?
Why chess styles?
How are centipawns calculated?
What are the biggest free chess databases? Is it legal to download games from them?
What is valid PGN?
Is the Smith-Morra gambit still worth playing at a ~1600 level?
Why is 5.c3 the most common move in the Ruy Lopez, Berlin defence, Beverwijk variation?
Is a loss of two pawns worth the negation of opponents castling?
Is triple check possible?
Does rating increases in bulks or is it a steady increase?
What is the "increment" in chess?
Soundless chess clocks
How important is castling? How much is it worth?
Is castling possible with a pawn promoted to a rook?
How to bring tactics skills into the actual play?
Black Knight Challenge
Stockfish - Function that predicts checkmate
Can white do better versus the Sicilian Defense by avoiding an early d4?
Estimating probability of player playing move in the opening
Is there any good app for learning openings
Do you accept takebacks?
What are good defenses of black King with Bishop on f8 or g7?
What are the main tournaments in the chess world?
Android apps to create chess videos
What is alternative to Zobrist hashing?
Why did Lilienthal resign after (37. Rc1) in Lilienthal vs Botvinnik (USSR Championship, 1945)?
Why do many players resign from chess in a relative young age? And become coaches or writers instead?
Can you recommend a dynamic, concrete, or easy-to-play line against the London System?
How do you solve chess tactics?
What if we downloaded a gigantic database of chess games into our brains (intelligence downloads)?
After analyzing games with a coach should we play them again on the board?
(Rook + Knight vs Rook) vs (Rook + Bishop vs Rook)?
Stockfish evaluation of a position from PGN
Why doesn't 1.fxe4 Nf6 work for black in this puzzle?
Please critique my game (Caro-Kann, Fantasy variation)
How did I go wrong?! Embarassing Loss
Max Lange Attack - Materials to Study
Why an analyser labels this move as a blunder?
Why is it called the Max Lange attack?
Scandinavian Defense with 3.c4
What is the minimum number of pieces needed in a chess set to account for all possible promoted pieces?
Can White get a theoretical advantage against the Sveshnikov Sicilian in today's theory?
How do you calculate your Tournament Performance Rating?
Valid PGN variations?
Did the Danish philosopher Soren Kierkegaard play chess?
How to create a useful ECO list?
What is the problem with my negamax implementation?
What rule changes are proposed to minimize the incentive to draw a game?
Why can a chess move improve the chance of winning, according to the computer?
How do correspondence players keep track of ideas during games?
Is always possible to win King + Queen vs. King + Rook?
(4 Queens + 3 Pawns) vs (Entire Standard Army)
Fastest King vs King endgame
Didn't showed checkmate at chess.com. (fig. below)
Game Analysis Software
Is attempting to capture the king advisable in this position?
Is James Damore a FIDE master?
Why do some players consider it rude not to accept a rematch in online blitz?
What are the rules of Quantum Chess?
Can you claim an illegal move in Blitz after pressing your clock (but without making a move)?
Which chess site has the most rapid players?
Possible chess positon after X ply?
Why 2.d5 is much less common than other responses to the Mikenas Defense(1.d4 Nc6)?
Requesting draw in last two minutes
Why the analyzer propose this move?
Windows application to view online broadcast games
Midgame zugzwang?
Time/PLY to let engine run for opening analysis
Are there any options for learning chess from people on the Internet?
Automated annotation of good moves
Simple Openings for Beginners?
What should a beginner focus on to improve his level?
How did the engines improve since Deep Blue?
Opening theory overlooking simple moves?
Slav Defense/Loss to 1800 player: how to improve?
Engine with emphasis on strategic/positional analysis
Why is `a5` a better move in this position?
Why is exposing my queen for capture better in this position (According to computer analysis)?
Recording games on the Play Magnus app
2v2 chess variant where can I play online?
Biggest Possible Material Advantage But Still Losing
Misplaying (?) the Guicco Pianissimo; is 14. d4 correct?
Why did Garry Kasparov not play under the flag of Azerbaijan in his comeback tournament in the summer of 2017?
Why is e6 "forced" in this position?
Why wouldn't black take the rook here?
How do I get Stockfish to show notes like it does on Lichess?
How to use engines to improve my game (weak amateur, not a top player)
What's the history behind stalemate not being a win?
Should I join a chess club?
Looking for a Gata Kamsky quote - 'you must be playing a different kind of chess'
Has anyone ever played and recorded a full game of Taikyoku Shogi?
When capturing en passant, is a position possible such that there is a pin over the square of the taken pawn, rather than the taking pawn?
Looking for a Horowitz game
PGN with arrows and circles
Why is better for white to move Rxa7 instead of Nxd3?
Alpha-Beta Pruning returns mate in two instead of obvious mate in one
When is a bishop stronger than a rook?
Countering the Wayward Queen Attack
Why doesn't my transposition table improve my move calculation time?
Is there a resource that lists many of the different chess set styles?
How to resign properly?
Antichess piece value
What is the best way to solve chess puzzles?
How is this position possible in a normal game of chess?
Improving my ability to scan the board
When is a bishop and knight stronger than the rook?
Would you exchange your queen for two rooks?
Import and export of PGN
Modified move-order in the KID 4. ..0-0. What is the point and how to react?
What is the CQL syntax for combinations where king is checked along a file, and the square near it is attacked by bishop or queen?
What is the name of this Sicilian Variation?
Is the Sveshnikov Variation a subvariation of the Lasker-Pelikan Variation?
What makes white's first move tempo advantage so valuable?
Illegal promotion in FIDE blitz game?
Getting started in position-counting by computer
White's reply against Reti advance (2...d4)
Good online database, or do I need ChessBase?
Has there ever been a successful FIDE or significant historical chess player, that refused to lose any and all pieces in his competitive gameplay?
Storing tournaments for use in Arena
Answering slow Sicilian set up (including Bc4) as Black
Number of combinations in chess 960
What does "penned in" mean in Chess?
Would this clock time mode be useful at all?
Free online analysis board between two players (both players can move the board)
Is there any benefit at all to a rooks' pawn opening?
A member of a national chess federation should register separately himself for FIN?
How to write a simple chess engine to statically evaluate a position?
What was the lookahead capability for Carlsen's Queen sacrifice?
Windows chess program that can load PGN files per command line
How to iterate over all FENs in Syzygy table?
Why do chess coaches encourage their students to play stronger players?
unusual line slav defense
Software-based training on Linux
Helpmate of arbitrary length
online blindfolded
Saving opening tabiyas in scid
What are some physical chess simulators?
can someone explain me this endgame puzzle with words?
Do different nationalities have "notably" different play styles?
How to balance the game for uneven players
What is 'control?'
Training tactics - doing more easy puzzles or fewer, but deep, puzzles?
Positional principles in chess openings
Stockfish to find all mates-in-n
Plan against QGD Janowski variation (3...a6)
Cleaning a database
Can white king capture defended pawn by pinned piece?
How to get to 1600
What's the best approach to adopting 1.d4?
How to earn IM/GM titles
Countering the Horowitz Defense
Checklist before you make a move
How to generate hash keys for chess positions
Is it legal to move a piece if your opponent has not hit the clock?
What are some good books or articles on how to play coffeehouse chess?
Chessbase 14 - How do I enumerate variations in it?
What is a good line against the King's Indian Defense for blitz play?
Maximum number of pieces on board in dead position
Effect of chess on work
Distracted by opponent's habit of spinning captured pieces
Backwards Chess Program
longest number of moves that have been identical in two independently played games on record
Database without rapid and blitz games
Why can't FIDE use a Non-Deterministic Gender Neutral Swiss Pairing system?
How many initial moves are possible in Chess, 20 or 21?
How could I have played this opening better?
How should I analyse my game to get better?
What happens if a strong chess engine plays with itself many times?
Facing its own weapons
Will my rating increase?
Are certain tactics always good or does it really depend on the game?
FEN notation problem
Learning steps of a non-professional or play-for-fun player
Black's reply against anti-Grünfeld (3.d5)
What happened to the Giuoco Pianissimo?
Touch move rule when the opponent is not present on the board
Why can't the king castle in this position?
Is there a rule that doesnt allow adjust in opponents time?
Chess puzzle ONLY for strong players
Website to practise thematic games [blitz]?
In the Giuoco Piano, why is 4.0-0 currently so popular at top level?
Mistake in FIDE elo calculation?
Queens Gambit Accepted 3rd move Side Lines (White)
How to play more chess without your brain tiring
Can black make any progress in this end game?
Are there any chess 960 positions where black has the advantage?
Is there an easy way to find out the name of a variation?
Top-rated players in each style
Opening classification and transpositions
Capture towards the center vs. undoubling
What does double-check mean in four-player chess on chess.com?
Can one simulate a top GM strength?
Difference in chess engine strength for ''high end 64 bit multicore PCs'' vs. ''low end multicore 64 bit PCs''
Chess Engine Opening book
King move to other side
Game with computers choosing the worst possible moves
Is there a measure of how likely it is that a position will end in a draw?
Why is pawn to d3 the best move here?
Best opening in blind simultaneous chess
FEN inverter website/page?
Rook and minor piece endgames, with pawns
how many CPU in 4 CPU cores
Changing UCI output to include piece names
Counting attackers and defenders, which pieces count?
How to use masks in scid for opening training
Where can I download a 6 man endgame tablebase
Differences between chess engines
Fischer vs Sherwin Game - 1957
Out of theory pgns collection
How accurate are chess engine ratings?
Is 1... Bf5 playable in this position?
Is it true that GM William Lombardy was homeless in the last year of his life?
Is the Poisoned Pawn variation of the Najdorf (7... Qb6) considered some sort of refutation of 6.Bg5?
Did Spassky stand up and applaude at Fischer after the famous Tartakower game?
How do computers play three-check chess?
Resources on the Ruy Lopez for White - why so few?
What are good sources to learn the Torre Attack?
When was the oldest person ever to have a FIDE rating born?
Can a game be conducted with 30 second per move. And if the player finishes 30 seconds the move goes to the other player
Game databases vs. various languages/character sets
Stockfish perft displays reversed game notation?
Stockfish given indefinite computing power, could it beat grandmasters with only a king and 8 pawns, the GMs having all standard pieces?
What is a sharp line against the Lion?
How was the FIDE rating system introduced?
Is there any published research into the Mighty Thor gambit against the French Defense?
Mutual Stalemate
How would Chess have been played in England in 1450-1600?
Euwe-Aljechin Amsterdam 1935 problem
What does the sign of the score represent in chess engines?
Continue the Attack, Or Meet the Positional Threat?
What to do in a positionally won situation?
In engines vs engine game, both think "optimistically": that they are in better shape than what their opponent thinks the evaluation score is
Looking for a repertoire book on the Spanish with 5.d3 (4.d3 vs the Berlin)?
Chess book reviews
Game analysis: What would motivate a human player to sacrifice White Knight at move 10 in this game?
Can a chess engine tell you why a move is bad or good?
4 player chess tips
What is the source of the house-rule 18-moves?
What are the rules of chess variant?
Chess960 tips and strategies
Which is better for an improving amateur to play even better: correspondence chess or faster time controls[both online]?
Win the game by just moving king?
What is the best way to improve Crazyhouse or Bughouse skills?
What are some ways to get better at Antichess?
Ruy Lopez 3...a6 & 6...Bc5 setup - a4 vs c3+d4 idea for White?
Why are opening books so popular?
Why develop knights before bishops?
Unfamiliar with this move notation
Good apps for engine vs engine matches
Recommended software for ICCF play?
Why did Bobby Fischer play the 1992 rematch with Spassky?
Are there any "underground" openings or gambits?
Anki Deck for Tactics Traning
Why not Ng4 in Sicilian after Nf3?
Are there any 'romantic' chess programs?
Should captured pieces remain visible?
The end of anti-computer chess
What is the state of the Panno variation of the King's Indian Defense Saemisch?
Correctness of the lichess training solution (Puzzle:63063)
Comment/variation with different starting position
Kasparov said human+computer beats just computer. What does human bring to the table in such teams?
Why is f4 considered as bad in the opening?
What was Bobby Fischer's actual chess strength during the 1992 re-match vs. Spassky?
how does a uci engine draw or resign?
Middle game and endgame principles
Does chess.com analysis board use my own CPU?
How do I take part in an open FIDE tournament?
Please critique my Engine game
Are Elo ratings adjusted after each match, or after each tournament?
1. c4 vs c3 Sicilian
Book recommendation on Zugzwang
How or what to practice when mentally exhausted?
How to checkmate in an altered version of chess
Can a pawn move to the last row diagonally without a capture?
Arbiter ignored cheating, and I signed the scoresheet. Did I lose my right to object?
White's non-e4 opening, do they all need a solid understanding of 1.d4 first?
London System with Nc3 -- what's the idea?
Best move for black
How to study chess?
What kind of gun is Alekhine's gun?
Meaning of ! and ? in Stockfish output?
Origin of Blitz
where are the revision logs for asmFish
What is a base chess engine?
Between chess and music
What is the most number of pieces from one side that can be involved in a checkmate?
Can anyone recommend a free strong and good chess engine for endgame?
Can one import FENs of positions involving checkmate into Droidfish?
Sites which provide annotated openings (preferably interactive)
What is considered the current main line for Black against the Smith-Morra gambit?
Do Stockfish and the tablebase work together or independently?
Traps and tricks for White in the 4.Bf4 variation vs the Grunfeld
D4 D5 C4 NF6 Continuation
Stockfish is cheating?
Why wasn't this strategy chosen?
Getting the most out of chess books
Why does ChessMaster recommend 24. Rg3 in this position?
Opening as a Beginner: Mainlines or Offbeaten path?
Multimove variant rules with queen that does two moves in one
Can you say anything if you see cheating at another board?
ECO A80 Dutch Defense game for Analysis
How do I respond to an arrogant beginner?
Calculation for game phase
Assessment of O'Kelly Sicilian side line
how to make long-range plans?
Can one feasibly calculate the Glicko (preferably Glicko 2) rating of a player by just using a pen, a paper and a calculator?
Practicing tactics
How does X-FEN (Chess960 FEN) differentiate from traditional FEN notation?
Is there modern chess software similar to ChessMaster series?
Why do chess programs do bad against pawns?
White's Response to the Norwegian Defense
Understanding AlphaZero
Chess apps that provide a 3D view of the board and allow export of PGN
How do UCI chess engines handle 50 move or three repetition rule when playing against other engines?
How is Alpha Zero "more human"?
Hardware used in AlphaZero vs Stockfish match
Read chessbase files (.cbv) on ios?
Human and computer vs computer alone
Making the best use of a coach?
Lecture/Book on AlphaGo/AlphaZero
Why, or how, can GMs make mistakes in opening books?
which chess variant has the largest board?
How does AlphaZero learn to evaluate a position it has never seen?
Did Stockfish have access to an opening book in its games against AlphaZero?
Failing to understand a pin from a tactics book
Accelerated Dragon, Modern Bc4 Variation (B35) 10.Ndb5!
In the Schliemann defense, who does Schliemann refer to?
Has any chess player ever been banned because of doping?
What black piece can you capture?
How is the life of a professional GM with ELO around 2500?
What was the source of randomness in the Alpha Zero vs Stockfish match?
Is there a way that white can survive for six rounds in this position?
Alpha Zero vs Stockfish, French Defence, is this move for Black better?
How to play against an engine using scid for a particular level?
If a chess board is disturbed, can the game continue?
Does the Chronos GX have a count up setting?
Are online USCF tournaments worth playing?
If given infinite processing power, is there an algorithm that would play chess perfectly?
How far from solving chess are we?
Alphazero-Stockfish game 10 move 19
Why is it common to castle right after the opponent castles?
What's the verdict with Qa5 in the Accelerated Dragon?
Why doesn't FIDE recalculate ratings match after match?
How to avoid Pirc in favor of KID
Randomness in engine play
What should the opponent do when the player knocks over pieces as he presses the clock?
How the engine can detect the 3-fold repetition using FEN input?
Knights necessary to mate king on large finite board
How to analyse an endgame quickly?
Rearrange chess diagrams (from an opening) in order. Useful as a puzzle?
How does opening preparation work at GM level?
How does an engine decide which node to search first?
How is this kind of performance rating calculated?
Alphazero Learning vs Playing mode
Complexity of critical positions
Losers Chess variant engine
What are the best repertoire books for White with the English Opening?
What is a good defensive repertoire against a d4 opening?
Carlsen - Inarkiev game illegal moves
ELO rating and experience
Queen for two rooks, reasonable in this position? What are the disadvantages?
Is Deep Blue outdated?
Prove color of pawn and position of knight
Ethics of play in the last rounds of a tournament
Candidates 2013: could Ivanchuk have drawn?
What's is the Least significant File and Least Significant Rank?
LEAP PQ9912 Chess Timer - count up option
When to move/centralize king?
Chess dot com says this was my best move yet I don't have a clue why
clubs -> tournaments?
Why is this King and Pawn ending lost for White?
How do I play the Colle System as white?
In verbally describing a move, can you simply say: “B4f to Q5e?”
I need help Identifying where exactly this set came from
Chess Puzzle Database with PGN or FEN
Why are these weak squares important in this situation?
Notes on Chess Piece Class
Variant chess effect
What is 'space' on a chessboard?
How do you 'calculate' compensation in chess
Longest opening variation that you can memorize?
How to calculate the FIDE Percentage Expectancy Table
Puzzles that highlight the finiteness of the chessboard
Weakest player to ever beat the mature Bobby Fischer?
Where did Bobby Fischer live in New York?
Is it possible for stockfish to tell that mate is in X moves, when mate is in X + Y moves?
Stockfish crashes on fen string
What is the longest forced mate optimally played in documented competition?
Why is it so hard to find a free downloadable chess database with older/historical chess games?
Human–machine stronger than machine?
Three Pawns for a Knight - Why Doesn't Stockfish Like it?
How can I "see the board"?
Is Nc6 good response to c3 Sicilian?
White to play and checkmate in two moves
Tips for debugging and progressing a chess engine's implementation
Why is en passant hardly heard of?
What move is better in this position, Ke7 or g6?
What's the best answer to 1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.a3?
Should you state your rating if you want to play in a simul?
Simltaneous checkmate and draw claim on the 50th move
Is a forced draw by 50 moves possible with Bishop and Knight endgame?
How is this scenario a draw?
What are the most common squares to be overworked?
Jaenisch/Schliemann Gambit
What if White declines the Volga Gambit?
How to decide when is a3/h3 needed?
Longest forced win with just a Knight or Bishop
What is the winning move here and why?
Should one actively search for a checkmate ('hunt the King') in the middlegame?
What is a good plan for Black when White surrenders the center?
Is there a list of hidden/deleted Stockfish commands?
Specific for Lasker during 1904 Cambridge Springs tournament
What is the best way to sell old chess books?
What ambiguities remain in the laws of chess?
Exchange in the Scotch Four Knights
Amazon vs Chancellor endgame
Engine recommends a move that (I think) loses a pawn
Dealing with stress in competitive play
What is the main idea of the Morozevich variation in the French vs. the Tarrasch?
Why is Black supposed to attack on the kingside in the King's Indian?
Did predecessors of modern chess use dice to determine which piece to move?
Connecting UCI engine with iOS?
How do engines evaluate a position (actual algorithm)?
Does Magnus Carlsen have any openings/opening variations named for him?
How does one find the tactic here?
Premove techniques
Polyglot Opening Books vs. Chess Opening Tree
Tournament (After 10 year hiatus...)
Algorithm for implementing chess rule
Chessersizes Errata
A question about piece development
pgn-extract program troubleshoot
How can a >2000 player stop making basic errors?
What is the best reply to Qe5+/Qe6+ in Scandinavian?
What are some good plans for Black in this position?
Continuation in the sicilian
Best practical chances after g5 forking knight and bishop
Is my rating good?
Is this tactics puzzle flawed?
Is there a Kriegspiel android app?
Why doing the Engine suggested move worsen my position?
Where to download a 6 man Nalimov endgame tablebase?
What rating system does the Play Magnus app use?
take the king in blitz game
How many moves is it possible to win in?
Was there anyway better to play this endgame?
What does "knights have no long-lasting support points" mean in this game?
Syzygy 6 man Tablebase Files Question
When to (and when not to) play Bxc6 (i.e. BxN) as White in Ruy Lopez?
2 rooks vs 2 minor pieces in a pawnless endgame
Openings Recommendations to Study for Unrated Tournament
How to play against somebody using the book
Clock simul time control
Is this endgame (sort-of Q vs K) a draw?
Endgame study - how much time per exercise
How Do Top Engines' Achieve Large Search Depth
Suggestions for Newb in search of improving mid and end game strategy
Is there any software that will print a .pgn file in scoresheet layout
Could the black king move to C5?
Tools specifically for training at finding loose pieces?
Could chess puzzles change with the introduction of stronger engines?
What was Black's last move?
Examples of harmony?
Is castling legal in this position?
Stockfish blunders away a piece
Who has the advantage in this position?
Shortest sequence of moves to create biggest material imbalance
Players that have trouble finishing
Which pieces do I have to keep on the board, to win this endgame?
Swiss system chess tournament
Sacrifice a pawn to reorder the pieces
On 1.e4, Fischer and opening theory
How does one look at hundreds of master games a day?
Looking for a specific chess book
What is the average size of a move in kilobytes
List of how AlphaZero evaluates openings
The Giuoco Piano after 4.c3 Nf6 5. d4 exd4 6. e5
Where can I download gaviota endgame tables?
Illegal Move Missed -- Too Late?
Beautiful retrograde analysis problem by Alexsey A. Troitsky
Is it possible to get DTM of a position from sygyzy tables?
What would be the estimate of the ratings of white and black in this game? Keep in mind, it's a rapid game
How to avoid the French in the Alekhine, Scandinavian Variation?
How can an Elo 1300 player improve his or her endgame?
How does lichess rating compare with chess.com rating?
What should white move in the attached position? (It's only one knight on both sides with king)
To what depth has chess been solved?
How to deal with the pinned knight on f3 in the Ruy Lopez (as white)?
How to reply to an early c5 in the London System?
Calculation and visualisation exercises - do they work?
Wrong lines of play to illuminate right lines
I wanted to understand the chess engine comparison. What does this result matrix show?
Fritz Online will not finish game?
Is it really possible to beat a stockfish level 8 computer in any time that is between 3+0 and 15+0?
Which chess position requires the most moves to reach?
Formulating a Precise Definition of "Space" in Chess
Is 80 points FIDE equivalent to twice as good a player?
Can White win in this game (Q vs R+N+P)?
Custom Chess (game) engine
Which opening will develop both bishops like the following diagrams?
Endgame analysis : white to play and..?
Do chess engines really prune more than 90% of branches?
Stopping Fritz from throwing away my position
Taking notes of time usage during game
Why do we increase depth of search for a mate detection in alpha beta pruning?
Can one use alternative identifiers (from languages other than English) for chesspieces in PGN?
The principal variation is always wrong!
Why is en passant possibility recorded in FEN regardless of whether there is a pawn ready to make the capture?
In the Dubois-Steinitz match (1862), at what point does the match become irreversibly lost for White? And why does the engine not pick it up early?
What service can be used to save and replay/analyze a chess match?
How to objectively explain a positional advantage is worth a sacrifice (re: a specific example)
Analysing Crazyhouse Games
Why did FIDE allow some random guy to open for white in Chess Candidates tournament 2018?
Engine evaluating changing after making move suggested by engine
Why underpromote in this KNNP-KR endgame?
How is this stalemate?
Online or Print Sources for Historical Games
What is the Elo rating of Stockfish version that played AlphaZero?
How to teach (intermediary) chess to small groups with little time
What to do in between chess matches?
What are some chess books on openings which include computer analysis?
How often does each side win in Rook, Bishop and Knight versus Queen?
Advantage of Diagonal Opposition
If I have only a king left and two blocked pawns, how many moves does my opponent have to mate?
What term is used to describe the following situation?
Data set of board representations at checkmate?
How can I continue in this situation?
How is notation done for similar pieces capturing the same piece?
What is the maximum number of passed pawns in a position?
Understanding the Tarrasch defence to the Queen's gambit
Is this a trap?
Was this Kramnik's mistake?
What kind of semi-open file is better for your rook?
Are connected doubled (4 pawns on 2 files) a weak structure?
Why is White's "25. Bh4" considered a great move in Karjakin vs Kramnik at FIDE Candidates Tournament 2018?
Has anyone had positive results using the Ruy Lopez Norwegian variation nightingale gambit?
What are some of the chess sites that allow Round Robin or Swiss Tournament to be organized?
What would be the ELO of modern-day centaurs?
Where can I find learning material on how to play the Alekhine-Chatard Gambit Declined?
When (if ever) was it a rule that pawn promotion was optional?
Availability of AlphaZero and A. Grischuk's idea in the Anti-Moscow Gambit vs L. Ding
Would a player or computer with infinite proccessing time be unbeatable?
Forcing a draw with knight and king
Taking the King in Blitz Chess
What ELO is it good to learn and play the Kings Indian Defense OTB?
Output whether the best move is "much better" or only "slightly better" than the other moves
Chess engine with danger (mate) warnings for beginners?
alpha-beta algorithm returns a value between alpha and beta inclusive?
How to make Lichess local analysis utilize more cpu and memory?
What are the actions one can do against Chess.com players who stop moving when they are in an objectively losing position and refuse to resign?
Are trap games a good plan versus rated chess players or not?
Why are USCF quick ratings lower than USCF regular ratings?
Rejected game variant for adding a new chess piece
Can a king be checked with another king when checking square is protected by the side which gives the check?
Does the chick promotion rule in dobutsu shogi really matter?
Why does Stockfish prefer White here?
Which is better: 'Scid' or 'Scid vs PC'?
Are there any legal positions known to be impossible to come to in a normal game?
What are the differences that a beginner should be aware of between opening with 1.e4 or 1.d4?
Encyclopaedia of chess openings in machine readable form
On the Mason Attack
What are weak squares in chess; how can they help to mate another player?
How is this checkmate?
Blind and Visually Impaired Chess Players
Claiming a 50-move draw with a mating move
What is the order of actions in chess under FIDE rules?
What is zugzwang in chess?
Checkmate in two moves
E.Umnov's chess problem, 1944. Checkmate in two moves
What are the general principles for playing hypermodern against hypermodern?
Should I just avoid playing 1. e4?
How can I get a collection of chess games with a 'Greek gift' sacrifice?
Adjusting to longer time controls
Coordinate-style move output from chess engine, to control robot
Four player chess (team): is there some opening theory written somewhere?
Do the new chess AIs play gambits?
Origin for this trap of the white queen
What is the best line of the Colle to play against KID set up by Black?
How do top players move so fast?
Is preventing an opponent from castling considered an advantage?
How do chess engines evaluate a position if the position is in the middle of an exchange?
Where can I find details of future tournaments?
Is it wise to resign a game if the win is only apparent too many moves ahead?
Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Accepted, Scheveningen Formation, 7.O-O
How can minimax chess engines do alpha-beta pruning without reaching the final positions?
What is the name of this mating pattern?
Chess GUI that allows null-moves
Way to Logically Predict Approximate Chess Rating in Pop-Culture Games
Is there any more purpose to various openings than to get a positional advantage?
Can you mate with each of your 16 pieces on its original square?
Karpov's Queen's Gambit beats Kasparov. What is Karpov thinking?
Chess960 or Chess959?
why was en passant introduced?
Preparations for chess tournaments
analyse and store a annotated game by stockfish in scid
Training in 10-15 minutes
How to handle Black's Bc5 in Bird's Leningrad?
How do I escape perpetual check?
50-move rule: FIDE wording seems weird
Is this selfmate solvable or fixable?
Is a queen vs rook endgame always winning?
Why continue to increase search depth after mate is found?
Why is Fritz 16 Grandmaster Playing Weak Endgames?
How likely is it that a non-orthodox promotion is optimal?
Fastest possible checkmate by en passant
Simultaneous check
Ratings criteria chess24
Can a grandmaster always draw?
Who is winning is this game of chess?
Is the chess game from the movie "Revolver" a plausible game?
Can white win in this almost 20 year old puzzle?
Checkmating the bare king with 3 knights – can the mate be forced on any edge square?
When was the FIDE title of Candidate Master first awarded?
scid vs pc interface
Why do grandmasters wear suits at tournaments?
Is it possible to win with a black bishop and king vs a king?
Why the Founder of Chess been killed?
Main Ideas behind Spanish Game, Cozio Defense
What's the best move by white in this game?
Are blitz or bullet games better for improvement?
In early FIDE ratings files what does a flag value of "n" indicate?
What is the long-term idea of the Ruy-Lopez opening?
Identify this chess set with heavy painted metal pieces
How can I find my performance rating?
Why do masters open 1.d4 more often than 1.c4?
Easy mate in three
How can black mate white in 4 moves in this game
Checkmate in two moves, white to move
White first move, black second move and white third move
FIDE tourney location
How can white mate black in 4 moves in this game.
convert stockfish pv output to show piece names
What kind of hand-crafted features do top performing family of engines use to evaluate a position?
Is capturing on empty square with a pawn legal?
How can I find all games between 2 specific players?
Team championship pairings
How should I read chess books that show games or parts of games?
What is the process for becoming a FIDE rated chess player?
How can white mate black in 4 moves in this particular game.
Is a candidate master considered a master?
Using the king to prevent castling
How to mate a king already in the corner with a knight and a bishop?
Can I mate black in 4 moves in this game
What age is too old for becoming a good international tournament player?
What chess openings require less study?
Why does Caruana kick Aronian's bishop?
Why has the Petroff Defence become more popular?
Why is exchanging the queens bad in this position?
Why sacrificing a pawn was more preferable over more materialistic moves in Nakamura vs Ding in Altibox Norway Chess 2018?
Standard for receiving live chess broadcast
Must chess studies be composed?
Doubt about best move in lichess.org training puzzle
What is the theory behind Bishop's Opening, Philidor Counter-Attack?
How can I improve my evaluation of exchange positions?
Unknown old FIDE players
In the upcoming Caruana, Carlsen final, who will play with the white pieces?
What's the name of this pieces' design?
Is it possible to get results/crosstables from USCF-rated events before 1990?
What longest number of moves for a forced mate position (including draw rules)?
Is there a good or a proper age to play chess?
Strange pawn double move in McDonnell attack
Are there rules for categorising all pawn-only endgames into won/drawn/lost?
What are the goals for white and black in the Caro Kann exchange variation?
How different would chess be if a stalemate was a win?
Disappointing Drawn Game Analysis
Where to find links to live PGNs from major tournaments?
Simul in which the GM has to make identical moves
What is the Bronstein (delay) equivalent of Fischer time control of game in 90 plus 30 second increment for FIDE rating?
Where did I go wrong? QGD loss as black
Minimax and alpha beta
Why would trading this bad bishop be a bad move?
English/KID loss as white to a 2300+ player
Why can I only move my Queen vertically?
What is Alpha Zero's Play Style? (Including its Openings and its Middlegame)
What is %eval syntax in PGN
Elo rating software with automatic random matchups
Strange 16-move semi-slav loss (black)
What is the result? (Rules + puzzle)
Move my king to check
Site for Multitable Chess?
English opening exchange-sacrifice compensation
Why Qd1 is the best move?
Placing the bishops on the right square
Petrov Defense, 8...Bg4 easy equality for Black?
Loss as black in 4.e3 English / rook ending
How much stronger is a team of GMs compared to a single GM?
Where can I find a good chess database?
Where can I download and how do I set up a 5-man tablebase in Arena GUI?
Catalan opening - plans for white after exchanging on d5
Chess environments for reinforcement learning
Why does Stockfish give a negative score in a theoretical win for white?
Why couldn't I win this Maroczy Bind (vs 2000)?
Am I too late to be a professional in chess?
Is there a way to get MANY and FAST (but not deep) position evaluations in javascript?
How are chess engines able to rank a Mate in X above a Mate in X+Y?
Why h4 is the best move here?
Is Bg5 a mistake or inaccuracy there?
What will replace chess?
How does a GM calculate opening and how many moves in advance?
two or three initial moves = win?
Plans for black in Pirc when white responds to e5 with d5
LICHESS analysis, why did it propose this outrageous move?
How to make a 6 year old think more?
Loss to a master, where did I go wrong? Two knights 4.d3 (black)
Can someone explain to me how I can develop my tactical ability, and what type of practice I should do?
Modern defense Benoni setup with Ne7
Kings gambit for white
When checkmate is impossible in a position
French (white) loss to a master - where could I have improved?
Marshall vs. Queen Endgame
Why I can not improve in chess & why I can not see the things?
Can someone explain why should white lose his queen in the following tactics?
How do I determine whether a game is a draw or not in case of timeout?
What is the right defensive set-up for the King-Bishop_Rook trio in the diagrammed position?
Is it unsportsmanlike to underpromote to improve my chances?
Pushing central pawns
King of Chess 960
Does this opening gambit have a name?
Why do Americans hail Fischer when he was anti-American and idolized Hitler?
Exchange sacrifice to dominate black squares in Najdorf
Magnetic chess question
Reasonable engines to test against (Not StockFish)
In chess engines (A.I) how are the values for Piece-Square Tables for simplified evlaution function determined?
Can a GM title be given to someone after he dies?
En Passant Checkmate
What is the longest variation analysed in opening theory?
Experience of big difference between Elo and national rating?
Is takeback legal in OTB chess?
When should I take on c4?
Bishop's opening - avoiding positional lines as Black after 2...Nf6 3. d3
Calculation skills to 2000 and beyond
Chess players and compicated positions
Is this a stalemate?
Kasparov Quote on Boldness
Does anyone know of unusual and fun chess tournaments around the world?
What's a fun troll bughouse opening?
1900 rating with no progress
Book recommendations on Pawn Endgame for intermediate and advanced level players?
From where to start learning new tactics?
Team League North America
Blunder checklist for strong playrs
King's Indian move order
Why not 4.e3 Bxc3+ in the Nimzo-Indian?
Algebraic to coordinate notation converter
How is average centipawn loss calculated when a mate is missed?
Algorithms to score chess moves
15x15 squared board
Traps in the Jobava Attack
Sales rankings for chess books?
Does threefold repetition take into account the side to move?
Doubt about defending piece
Moving a pawn to attack a piece on the 5th or 4th rank
Studies on how people really improve at chess?
Is this knight sacrifice a good idea?
What is the best strategy for simultaneous blindfold chess?
What's the point of the full move counter in FEN?
Evaluation of this alternative to French exchange lines
Analysis of my recent King's Indian Defense game
How did Taimanov lose this game to Karpov?
What are the most instructive Zurich 1953 games?
Strange reply after winning game
Why is it better to capture the f pawn?
Worst tournament performances of reigning World Champions
Autobiography by Sonja Graf
Calculation of national rating
I need help Identifying this chess set
How to be more aware of smothered mate opportunities?
What is the theoretical assessment of this 4 knights gambit?
Recording- and displaying time usage in Chessbase
Can you check my games?
How to package PGN in Lichess analysis page format
What's the maximum number of moves that can result in a threefold repetition from an arbitrary position?
Can't capture queen?
What is the main aim and object of the kings pawn opening?
Can solving lots of mate in one (or two) problems be beneficial?
How does syzygy store its information?
What are some good attacking games from the black side of the Queen's Gambit Declined (Exchange variation)?
Does this rook endgame have a name or known original analyst?
How to force the computer to play another move on Chess.com?
Pawns VS pawnless?
Why is playing f4 here not correct?
Why was this move in a puzzle?
How likely am I to beat a grandmaster through random play?
Is there any etiquette about how to proceed when a technical problem leads to a misplay in an online game?
Helpful Zugzwang?
What happens when both players are out of time in Blitz?
How can a human figure out best move in this position?
Should you always try your best (play as if your opponent is a grandmaster)?
How should I continue?
Can an Optimal Stopping strategy be applied to search functions?
Giuoco Piano, Steinitz Variation
What are the strategies of Alphazero?
How would top grandmasters fare against engines in correspondence chess?
Finding the losing move.
Can a knight move through all squares from its original position?
Is it possible to give two more checks here?
What is a move that "is recorded in such a way that its true significance is impossible to establish"?
Why do engines run faster if you only have one line of analysis open?
Is it possible to make an illegal move legal? By anyway?
Why is it illegal to castle with both hands?
Why isn't chess960 the standard?
Why is there a minimum rating gain when you win?
Swiss-pairing algorithm
can I move a piece protecting the king if it keeps protecting on its new location?
Swiss Pairing Algorithm
Why was this game drawn on lichess?
Score sheet booklet
Why is 5.c4 playable vs. Sicilian Kan, but hardly seen vs. Sicilian Taimanov?
Why increment isn't popular online blitz?
Are there any free chess engines that can be used to analyze online or in a mobile phone?
How many moves out do the static board evaluations use?
Simultaneous exhibition rules
Must I develop my bishop on next move?
Time ran out against bare king
Is it legal for a move to put both sides in check?
What was Nakamura thinking with 62...g5 against Carlsen in Senquefield Cup 2018 rd. 9?
Why do players resign after accidentally giving their opponent a free queen?
Why is the FIDE name in French?
Why isn't Bird's Opening at least as popular as the Dutch Defence?
Is it legal to hit the clock with piece, captured or otherwise?
How bad is the English Opening Wing Gambit?
Is there a database of endgame positions with known perfect play?
Sicilian Classical
Feeling cramped in the Najdorf
What is the standard way to calculate scores in team tournaments?
What's so important about the h4 square in this endgame?
Theoretical new rating system (dissuading GMs from resigning)
What are the downsides of fast tie-breaks after drawn games?
Multi (N>3) dimensional chess designs
Casual chess meet up in London UK
Should aspiring chess players analyze all of their games?
What to study after someone stopped playing for years?
What are the letters and numbers next to an opening's name on online services?
Why is Chessbase calling this a draw?
What does "Precision: White = nn%, Black = nn%" mean in a game broadcast by chessbase.com?
Chess engine used to point out common tactical blunders
What happens if I push a pawn to the 8th rank and press the clock before promoting?
Checking on the legality of a move
Should a player use the provided carbon copy sheet to record moves in a club/tournament?
Why are three chess sets needed for Kriegspiel and dark chess?
chess24 castling rules
Who said "One bad move nullifies forty good ones"?
confused about a move played by a grandmaster
Python and UCI engine
Can a pawn that performed an en passant capture promote at all?
How to change text color in Arena Chess?
What is the thought process of a GM playing bullet?
Why didn't the White queen take the Black rook here?
Why is it necessary for black to defend e5 pawn after 1. e4 e5 2. Nf3?
What was the youngest age at which a prodigy could be considered to have been a master?
Who is better here? [hard]
Android Stockfish communication works differently than on PC?
Age categories in chess
Is dead position problem solvable?
Bughouse chess tournament pairing software?
Is there any database of every position ever played in a recorded game?
How does White crumble Black's center?
Theory: Things NOT to do in a concrete opening
Which chess rules cover Internet play?
Multiple teams from the same country in Swiss system
Fairy chess: KNNvK
Is this the correct flow of a chess game?
If two perfect chess AI's played each other, would it always be a stalemate or would white win for an inherent first-move advantage?
Best method of remote tutoring?
Why did GM Godena resign in this position?
If a king is in check can the opponents king take said king if it puts him in check?
How to apply handicap given ratings
How to improve my calculation and guess my opponents move
How to learn chess board coordinates?
Is this considered checkmate or not
Guidance on a new idea for an engine design?
How to improve my game
Which chess app plays regular openings
How big is the "opening book" of a typical tournament player
If I touch a piece with my forearm by accident, can my opponent call touch-move?
Which openings (black/white) should man play against a player, who is not good at endgame but a tactical beast?
Why does not castling reset 50 moves rule?
How should a beginner improve gameplay speed?
Collusion in a simultaneous blindfold exhibition
How to play vs 1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.d4 Nxd4?
Why isn't 3.e4 more popular in the QGA?
What is the main idea of 7.Qf3 in the Sicilian Taimanov?
Crazyhouse Chess: Playing with a real board and overall popularity?
Why Stockfish 9 fails to see the draw?
What's the rationale behind chess engines conditionally allowing threefold repetitions when assigning a draw score?
Benko's three-mover that stumped Fischer
Giuoco Piano / Two Knights Defense / Fried Liver Attack
How accurate is Chess Maniac's online rating estimator?
What are the ideas of 6. Qf3 in the Scotch?
Recommended master games for teaching chess
How do TWIC, chessgames.com, chessbase, etc. keep up to date with new games?
Why play Nb5 in this line of the sicilian?
How does one play against 2. d4 cxd4 3. Nf3 in Sicilian?
Why are masters so bad at endings?
Endgame technique: How to win with rook + g and h pawn vs rook?
What activities should we set up in a chess club?
What happens if a player makes an illegal move and nobody notices?
Who is winning?
Is starting from sides a bad style?
Should any information written on the scoresheet by the players be accurate?
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.d4 Nf6 4.Bg5?
How is a game of chess won?
On the feasibility of mating with knight and bishop within 50 moves using a particular method
Who was the last Indian player to beat Vishy, and when?
Name of pawn struture in B42 Sicilian defense
How to describe two knights defending each other?
Are there any chances that the Fischer who reappeared in 1992 was not the real one?
Analyzing using Chess Engines - Giuoco Piano/Steinitz Variation
Story of unexpectedly high (400+) Elo rising in few months (reaching 2500 Elo mark)
How to debug Move Generation function?
FIDE World Champions after 1993
Is there any documented game by Benjamin Blumenfeld where he played Blumenfeld Gambit?
How do delay and increment work, exactly?
Exercises on dynamic play
How to use dice to determine starting position in Fischer Random?
2 Knights against 1 pawn (endgame)
In case of en passant, should I move my pawn first or remove my opponent's one?
Can a King and Queen mate a King and Knight or is this a drawn game?
Professional Databases and Historical Games
Replacement for pgnscid
Why is it allowed to request an increment in time trouble?
Why is there a 50-move rule and a 75-move rule?
What should a chess beginner do with his/her knights after 2. Nf3 or 2. Nc3?
Perfect strategy for winning simple endgames by premoving
What does it take to become a professional chess player?
How to use crafty chess engine in the gui chess64.exe link provided
Move-order issue in the Grunfeld: ...Nc6-a5 vs ...Nc6-e7
Why is 5...Be7 played before ...b5 in the main line of the Closed Ruy Lopez?
FIDE ignores my case. How to proceed?
How do I determine the bye player in a Swiss tournament?
Why should I sacrifice Bishop?
Decent Playing Strength Chess Engine
When does a chess clock start?
Is this a sound elephant offer?
Are there statistics on the results of armageddon games at the GM level?
The London 2018 World Chess Championship live coverage sources
Why isn't Gata Kamsky considered the first American since Bobby Fischer to fight for the World Championship?
Why are Mato Jelic's Youtube chess videos so popular?
Is it better to move a pawn or knight first?
How can I get multiple computer recommended lines in python-chess module?
Tactics to counter Queen's Gambit
Where can I find the saved games or PGN files in the Play Magnus app?
How do I defend against players who keep pawn pushing in the Sicilian?
How is it like for live audience watching long classic chess?
Daily Strategy Traing
How do chess websites relay the moves for tournaments?
Grunfeld Defense
Opening Systems for White which enable long castling
If a player is significantly behind in time, does it mean he's bound to lose?
Queen's Gambit Accepted Nc3 VS Nd2
Comparison between best defense moves
Knight's opening move
Why is this a draw?
Why don't the ratings of Carlsen and Caruana change after 4 games in the WCC 2018?
Where does the phrase "Botvinnik moment" come from?
Why don't we play different openings in chess?
Online Resource for Opening Plans
What is the simplest method to win Queen vs Knight endgame?
Is there a binary of Scid vs Mac which works on macOS Mojave?
Is it possible for a clock to show less than 30 seconds for a player in a game with a 30-second increment?
Rules: How does right to castle and en passant get considered for the purpose of calculating a threefold repetition?
World chess championship final calendar
Is FIDE still using the same logo for world championship final?
How does the last move in the Michael Adams vs Anatoly Karpov game result in the end of the match?
Concentration during games
wrongly accepted stalemate but game is a clear win?
What next after 1 e4 e5 2 Nf3 Nc6 for the White tactical player?
A piece preventing white king from occupying a square can't move for uncovering check on black king can the first king occupy said square anyway?
How do I politely ask a spectator to stop watching my game?
What are the main plans for black and white in the main-line Slav after 5...Bf5 6.e3?
Why did Carlsen play 7. dxc5 in Game 7 of the 2018 World Championship?
Whose games should I collect for Scotch Opening?
Whose games should I collect for Benoni?
Response to King's fianchetto opening
Website that decode chess moves?
Why is there a draw in professional chess?
Why is the Ruy Lopez a sensible opening for white?
Can you improve a supercomputer evaluation on your own move?
Blitz tournaments (time control around 5 minutes)
FIDE threefold repetition and possible moves
What resources (books, videos, websites) are there to help me improve my understanding of pawn structures?
Is there a balanced chess system where players of unknown skill can have an equal chance of winning?
How much does time control affect ELO strength?
How is this checkmate ... or does chess.com have a bug?
How is this not checkmate? I had loads of time to spare
What if threefold repetition occurs in WCC 2018?
What is a good system to evaluate a Fairy-piece value?
What are the worst blunders ever committed in a world championship match (final)?
Leningrad Dutch against Reti
How does black ensure a draw in this R+3P vs. r+2p endgame with all pawns on the same side?
Is there a live streaming of the WCC2018 of the players themselves?
Why is Carlsen criticized for poor preparation at World Chess Championship 2018?
Blitz Touch Move Rule
Is there any analysis of the Carlsen-Caruana World Championsip match by AlphaZero?
Oscillating Stockfish Evaluation on Laptop
Ambiguity in Text
How to check mistakes, blunders and missed wins on Chess.com?
How to deal with your opponent's queen if your opponent rejects any trades?
Does FIDE make any money from media coverage?
How to record these moves?
Is a given time control per side or in total?
Can you take back a draw offer?
Offline move trainer software
What was Fischer's preparation for tournaments?
Would a chess game go on indefinitely if both players played the absolute best move each turn?
Is there a GUI software that exports chess diagrams for chess authors?
Is the Danish Gambit viable for Class D tournament play?
At what playing strength level should one be able to mate with King Bishop and Knight vs King?
super stalemate
Chess software for writing books
Carlsen-Caruana Game 12
Embedding chess games from PGN in markdown
Stuck around 2000 rating. Concrete advice for improving?
Why is Carlsen being praised for his tie-break play, when Caruana made several game-losing moves?
What is the idea behind h2-h3?
Are there any engines that present evaluations based on probability of finding moves?
Am I actually playing against a 1425 rated player?
How to improve on the early endgame?
Strategy according to the pawn structure in the Caro-Kann
Why isn't chess played with flat pieces?
Why isn't the objective of chess to capture the opponent's king?
Next world chess championship
Open source engine that doesn't lose on time
Testing an engine (UCI) against an older version of itself
What makes game 5 of the World Championship a draw?
Why is Stockfish giving me this weird move?
Blindfold game records of chess and xiangqi
Python Engines to Beat to Take the Crown
Do the King's side and Queen's side pieces have different values because of which square color they start on?
Looking for a Python chess engine
What is the average number of legal moves per turn?
A rook up, can black end the checks and thereby win (LiChess.org puzzle 74754)?
Can my pc calculate to depth 125 in 15 seconds, if a chess engine is programmed well?
How to use nodestime option in Stockfish 10?
Would a classic full time armageddon tiebreaker be balanced?
Kasparov's Immortal: Why didn't he play 10.Qg7?
What would you suggest I play vs. the Ruy Lopez, if I already play the Two Knights Defense vs. 3. Bc4?
Question about the move h5
Explanation of my game. Can someone explain the "why" to me?
Why white retreats the knight at the beginning of the game?
How to define a countergambit?
In King's gambit, is Fisher's conclusion that "3...P-KN4 ... is inexact" inexact?
Is it possible for a move to be recomended by engines but rejected by professional human players?
Alpha Zero vs Lc0 - time for self-play
Rules: Is this position a draw?
Are there any gambits involving sacrificing a piece?
Tablebases for variant where stalemate is a win?
Scid vs PC, how to get ECO data ?
Is AlphaZero deterministic?
Blitz games managment
How is MultiPV enabled in general?
The games AlphaZero lost
Is there a Open Source or Shareware Legal Move Checker Executable?
What is the most number of en passant moves possible, and the fastest way to that?
What is the fastest way to an en passant checkmate AFTER all other possibile en passant have been made?
Why did this game end with a draw?
In a tournament game, what should a player do if he find that his opponent's position is impossible, which was caused by an earlier illegal move?
Was the value of thorn pawns fully appreciated in decades past?
Why play 7... Nxd5 instead of 7... exd5 in the QGD?
Is any tool which allow analyse EPD file and add evaluation score per I want specify depth/multi PV
Heavy piece endgame with 2 extra pawn, how to convert?
Morozevich variant in the Tarrasch french
Any online site with limited number of games per day like chess.com or chess24
Advancing the c6 pawn in the Caro-Kann
Is my representation of the Pirc Defense correct?
Are a pair of bishops of the same colour usually worth less than a pair of bishops of different colours?
Why doesn't white play Bd2 after this ...Qa5+?
What is the least number of knights needed to cover the entire board?
What types of pawns are there in chess?
PGN-Extract output each game to a separate file with name like opponentA-opponentB.pgn
Plans for black when White castles short in the Sicilian dragon
Good follow up to 1.d4 Nf6 2. e3 for black
Do someone found if there exists a ever winning side?
What's next after first 5 months and 700 points?
Can't understand a sentence from Nimzowitsch's Chess Praxis
How to disambiguate checking moves in descriptive notation?
What are unsolved problems in chess?
Why queen traps happen so frequently?
Node Cap for Stockfish
Sicilian dragon classic games
Amount of search per decision: GMs versus AlphaZero and Stockfish
Ideas for the English opening
Is a gambit still a gambit if it's calculated through to the end?
Would studying the games of old players hurt my progress?
Why do chess tournaments award so many points for a draw?
Is this a smart draw offer?
Bronstein vs Winter
Why do chess tournaments allow absolutely scandalous draws?
A confusing situation-is this stalemate?
What is 'Depth' in Lichess game analysis?
In tournament chess, is the Traxler Counterattack just a dubious opening or a blunder?
What is the fastest possible checkmate?
Do engines remember previous analysis?
Which is better in the Rossolimo Sicilian, 3... e6 or 3... g6?
Why do professional chess players point at the pieces with a middle finger?
Why in Four Knights, Italian variation the winning percentage favours black after the move 4...Bc5?
What opening is recommended if white is only playing for a draw?
Questions about the beginning of this game
Draw offer without executing move
How good is this variant of the Sicilian defense?
Why 7. Bd3 in the 3 knights opening?
Regarding Chessbase softwares
How many possible two-move checkmates are there?
Magnus vs Tomashevsky Blitz 2012 - why doesn't he take the knight on e7
Importing and analysing games played on chess.com
What is the longest professional chess game that ended in a checkmate?
Is there any software that will analyse games offline?
What's the benefit of using books during correspondence games?
What do advocates of the QGD exchange variation (from the white side) recommend against alternative move orders?
Is the queens gambit declined getting more popular than the slav?
To earn a direct title for coming first in an official FIDE tournament, do we include players who already have that title?
Weird early f4 suggested by engine (English Opening: Reversed Sicilian)
Can a win be claimed on the second illegal move if the first wasn't raised?
At what handicap are humans as good as computer?
The computer said a game was drawn but I think it is won for me
Can we say for sure Black's King has not moved?
What plan should white play with?
Can a tournament director nullify a game in progress?
What is one quick way to reach a mutual, symmetrical stalemate position?
Why is this gambit also known as the Maltese Falcon Gambit?
AlphaZero’s search procedure
Most drawish and least drawish opening?
Establish Rating System for My Community
what is the shortest allowable time control for a FIDE rated standard tournament game?
Can GMs use computers to beat their opponents?
Why does AlphaZero evaluate on the order of 1000 times less moves than Stockfish?
LiChess puzzle 82753: can white win with a queen and two pawns vs. rook and four pawns?
Can one win with two dark square bishops and two light square bishops and his opponent has only one queen?
How bad is the Elephant Gambit?
Why can't I use my stockfish engine with python chess?
"A better move" recommended by chess.com but almost never played?
Have engines refuted any established openings?
In terms of rating points, how much stronger should a coach be than their student?
Knight moves which way?
What is the value of most starting positions in dobutsu shogi?
Are there starting positions in dobutsu shogi that are farther from a win/loss than the standard one?
Daily chess self-training plan?
AlphaZero and the revenge of the Artificial Intelligence
Why are Leela's fans so passionate?
Why bother with human chess when AI is superior?
Position with the largest material imbalance that is a draw, no matter whose turn it is?
Websites for creating tournaments with different starting positions
CLI tool to let chess engines play each other
What is the theoretical maximal material difference of a dead draw which is not a stalemate?
Finding a mating net in a RRN vs RRN endgame
Sicilian Najdorf 6. Bg5 Nbd7 line
How does one know if a position is not reachable from a series of legal moves from the starting position?
Searching for a "where is the black king" puzzle?
Does the winner of the women's Oceania Zonal qualify to play in a world championship match?
Reason why Kasparov resigned in the "Enrage the Beast" game
Caro-Kann 3.Nd2: is it worthwhile delaying or avoiding 3...dxe4 to exploit the poor position on the d2 knight?
Chuzhakin's System Hazardous Elements and Rules
Black only has pawns: Mate in what?
For white's next move, should it be recorded as Nge2 or Ne2 as there is only one knight which can legally move to e2?
Need I be concerned about being classed as a "cheater" if I sometimes play good classical games on LiChess?
Most complicated mode for chess engines
Sicilian Najdorf, Sozin Variation
How to notify check when a player leaves himself in check
How does "go mate <x>" work in UCI
Is it bad etiquette to decline a draw offer when participating in a simul?
What can I learn from my "80 average centipawn loss" game, which I thought I played well?
App Mis-calculated Checkmate?
In online chess with long time controls, does having a title encourage opponents to cheat against you?
Pawn tension in the Caro-Kann
General advice for middlegame
Scotch 4 Knights with 4... d5
Capture the c-pawn, so the opponent has an IQP but improved development, or let them push the c-pawn and form a queenside majority?
In what way is it allowed to alter tournament pairings in favor of a player?
Isolani pawn question
Can you claim a draw, after the position has changed, if threefold repetition occurred earlier?
LiChess puzzle 87510: How much calculation would a strong player do before playing Bg4+ when white has a range of (all losing) responses?
How does Stockfish ensure an incremental change made is beneficial?
What does "TPR" mean in chess tournament reports?
Making the giuoco piano interesting as white
Why does lichess ban players?
What are the similarities and differences in pawn Structure from the Scandinavian and the Caro-Kann?
Why do top GM's "retire" from chess?
In the middlegame, can one avoid compromising the balance one's opening has achieved?
Chess GUI recommendation for linux
Can anyone recommend a Chess platform that, well, you better read further
Which is the most popular and crowded chess server?
What was the first chess engine that could beat the world champion on a standard desktop?
Why might this supervised engine make mistakes based on an example game?
Master blindfold chess in 6 months
In the English Opening, where should the d-pawn go?
Examples of forced stalemate
Punishing player for indicating moves to other team players
Assessing an early c4 against white's Stonewall structure
Is there a reason AlphaZero hasn't been allowed to learn for longer?
What is this opening, can't remember name, driving me crazy
Confusing question about the "Pawn"
Is it allowed to talk to your opponent in a tournament game?
Is it possible to configure SCID to use English descriptive notation?
Why 5...h6 in the Tartakower Queen's Gambit Declined and not in the Orthodox Variation?
How should I play as White if Black Defends the Tartakover QGD without ...h6?
Rating system for 5000 players
Is it legal to play a move without hitting the clock?
Glicko 2- Calculating match-by-match or batch of matches?
Is there a specific penalty for intentionally damaging chess pieces or the board?
Why does NN + MCTS & AB + handwritten eval dominate engine chess?
Touch-move when move is illegal but opponent's piece can be captured by another piece
Any suggested check list for beginners?
Does 40/100, SD/30 d10 mean that the delay is applied to both time controls?
Bonus added at move zero
What is the purpose of 12.a3 in the QGD Lasker Defence?
Not in stalemate, but why is this a draw?
Not Developing a Piece in the First Five Moves
How good of a tactical player is Magnus?
Why didn't Spassky play 26. g3 in game 5 of Fischer-Spassky (1972)?
Rook and Bishop VS opposite Bishop
Where is the neural network used in MCTS?
What are the quckest helpmates delivered by rook, knight, bishop, and pawn?
What did I blunder at move 23?
Setting up the knights
In the opening stage, can we determine that one move is better than another by looking at winning percentage?
Which countries are easiest to gain rating points and earn FIDE titles in?
How do I register for a tournament that appears in the FIDE website but not on chess-results?
Chess FEN winner
Poor gambit for white
What's the winning box for the King in a Queen against 7th rank Bishop-pawn endgame?
On the board: white king vs. black king with knight and rook. Could checkmate be done without the black king’s help?
What is the draw frequency for 3 consecutive games (same players; amateur level)?
Is 6 the limit for the most pawns possible on a single file?
Are there some rules on when you should resign, vs when you stick with it should fight?
What's the point of attack board inversion?
What should be defined as an en passant checkmate?
Rated Tournaments in France - For a Poor French Speaker
Solvable studies that computers fail to crack
Touching a captured queen -- must I promote to it?
What is the fastest vertical castling checkmate for both the kingside and the queenside?
Is there a faster way to do horizontal castling checkmate?
Caruana vs Carlsen game 10 (WCC) why not 18...Nxb6?
Is this the quickest way to clearing the board to two kings?
En passant for beginners
Piece And Pawn Only Massacre Games
Why is c4 a better move in this position?
Playing Ba4 in this position
Resource for Chess Problems about particular topics
What is the record for most pawns on a file of both sides in a professional chess game?
How do opening books in engine chess work?
Understanding Kramnik's play in game 1 of Candidates 2018
What are the pairing regulations for round-robin tournaments?
Why does white sacrifice their queen in this exercise?
Is a "Strong King" handicap really as powerful as is claimed?
How come Paul Morphy has lots of weird and wonderful games?
Would certain checkmates be possible if the king could move into check?
What are good resources for how to play against the french as white?
Human-like engine for endgame training
Bullet tips and tricks
Threefold repetition in view of castling rights
Rating calculation problem
Is there a record for threefold repetition for when the claimed positions are the farthest apart, in terms of moves?
How do I make the right move after an opening?
Can these chess terms be used interchangeably?
When exactly does a checkmate or stalemate take effect?
What is the best way to respond for white?
Is 6...Bf5 inferior to 6...Bd6 in the Caro-Kann Tartakower after 6. Bc4? And if so, why?
Nimzowitsch specific game with Nf6-g8
Chessbase training annotation
Chess strategy versus positional chess
Custom icons/designs for online with other people?
In the Berlin Defence, why is 4.0-0 prefered to 4.Nc3?
Reason why a kingside attack is not justified
Are AlphaZero's openings objectively better than the others?
Is my low blitz game drawing rate at www.chess.com an indicator that I am weak in chess?
Are there ever scenarios where more pawn islands are preferred?
How can the Danish Gambit be exploited?
Is it improper etiquette to ask your opponent what his/her rating is before the game?
A question on a puzzle on chess.com
Python and Stockfish
If you fail to move the king out of check (for any reason) what is the status of the game?
Is there a winning strategy for Losing chess?
Do chess AIs still use old-style opening books?
A position in which checkmate is forced (obligatory)
Predicting color and opponent
Can someone make a puzzle in which a KNN vs. K checkmate is forced in the end?
Comparing 9...a6 to 9...b6 in the Panov-Botvinnik Attack
Studying why Gardner's Minichess Variant is solved?
A master-level game in which one player did not move beyond the third or fourth rank?
At what level would a player be able to correctly analyze how ...a5 is superior to ...Bc5 if LiChess puzzle 94536 arose in a tournament?
What are some ideas for black in the Ruy Lopez when white plays an early d3?
PGN format and comments with tag pairs
Is 9...Nxe5 recommended in this line of the Short Variation of the Advance Caro-Kann?
What is the highest number of possible forced checkmates in a legally reachable legal position?
Standard for current position evaluation via UCIs
Why do people make a huge pause before making even a simple checkmate?
Is there a chess AI that can force checkmate on a specified square?
Traxler Counter Attack
Making an inferior move to get out of threefold repetition?
Help! I cannot understand this game’s notations!
Can you identify the design of these chess pieces?
What are the shortest possible games with a) 20 Bishops, b) 20 Knights, and c) 20 Rooks?
Italian Game Response As Black
Where can I play Quantum Chess online for free?
For those who play the Catalan Opening, what are typical responses to the KID and slav defense?
KID Gligoric-Taimanov Variation [E92] Black inaccuracy? Move 7 .... Nc6
Why is Apronus allowing the white king to castle through an attacked square?
Why is 3. Nc3 played in mainline of the Modern Defense?
An Interesting Idea: Pinned Pieces Stalemate
Is there a name for fork-protected pieces?
What’s the total number of KNN vs K checkmate positions?
Difference in Tactics Ratings
Combining AlphaZero methods with Stockfish methods
What is the longest possible sequence of double checks?
Longest series of mutual "!" moves
What's the most efficient way to get from 2000 to 2300?
Top players move order when playing QGD?
What is the best strategy for white in this position?
Database of chess results
What does the FIDE president do?
What professional game has the quickest sequence, starting from move one, to quadrupled pawns?
Is the exchange of a rook for two minor pieces really worth it?
Is learning the English Opening helpful for learning the Sicilian Defence? How about vice versa?
How do you keep chess fun when your opponent constantly beats you?
Studying Lost Positions
Need help with study plan
Is the notion of an en passant redundant?
Why is it a mistake to trap this bishop?
An objective measure of the difference in strength between top programs and top human players in the four most popular forms of chess?
Stockfish 9 giving erroneous reading
Is this the longest possible series of consecutive captures?
Board editor using customized pieces and board
What is a “dual” in chess problems, such as the Babson task?
How would one respond to the Sodium attack?
How often does castling occur in grandmaster games?
My first tournament
Is this the only opening that allows one side to end up with three knights?
Is it legal to castle by tipping the rook with the king?
Does this knight and rook mating pattern have a name, or has it occurred before?
How do I identify strong pieces?
Why is the algebraic notation not just two numbers?
At what point does this mental trick stop working?
Formal definition of corresponding squares
Ways to notice opponent's threats during one's own move
Why is 6. a3 a mistake compared to Qa4+?
How many different knight's tours are there?
Is black in check?
Are today's top correspondence chess players stronger than those from 5 years ago?
Is there a good opening that revolves around a “crab” pawn structure?
Why does NCM show no progress for Stockfish when each new version has to beat the previous version?
Color-coding moves and games
Is there a low-end ELO Deflation?
Does the MacBook chess game program not allow castling?
Suggestions to improve and learn better chess
Pawn Sacrifice Justification
Has there ever been at least a single instance of promotion with double check in a professional game?
If 1. e4 c6 is considered as a sound defense for black, why is 1. c3 so rare?
How does engine strength scale with hardware?
Using the tree window in SCID on a subset of games in the database
Why did the (Black) computer play 9. ... Ke7 here?
Threatening the Queen in the bishop with Bg5
Where is there a mate in four (pawn moves)?
Of all the possible legal chess games, how many end in white win, draw and black win (assuming 50 move rule)?
Endgame puzzle: How to avoid stalemate and win?
As black, how should one respond to 4. Qe2 by white in the Russian Game, Damiano Variation?
Why does Lichess only tell me my "inaccuracies", "mistakes", and "blunders", and not e.g. my "brilliancies"?
Looking for a real game ending by ... Nf6! leading to a perpetual check by White
Is it possible for an engine to be stronger at short time controls, and weaker at long time controls?
Why always 4...dxc6 and not 4...bxc6 in the Ruy Lopez Exchange?
I play better on the board than online. How can I play better online?
Probability of winning based on Elo rating
Can an Irwin Cheat Detector catch a user who is using a Leela chess bot for cheating?
Can one improve his chess without playing online?
Why not take the bishop with the knight (Guseinov vs. Bauer )?
How to beat King's Fianchetto Opening Modified (White)
How much of the Principal Variation can I trust?
Looping through the same lines while solving puzzles
If we move white's bishop to a dark square in the Fisher-Taimanov (1971) bishop vs. knight endgame, can white still win?
Why was castling bad for white in this game, and engine strongly prefered trading queens?
Why is 7...Ne4 8.Bd2 such a popular line in this variation of the Queen's Indian Defence?
Is it possible to manually alter initial values in a chess engine?
Is the English opening the most suitable for beginners?
In the game Kudrin-Douven, why did black allow white to capture en passant two times in a row?
Could playing in chess tournaments make you really good at chess?
A case where Bishop for knight isn't a good trade
Why is the time control for FIDE chess tournaments what it is?
Do some people play chess with a 5 minute base time and no increments because it's a different challenge than 3 minutes with 2 second increments?
How to evaluate and comment moves in PGN format?
Why aren't 1.e4 g6 2.d4 Bh6, and 1.e4 b6 2.d4 Ba6 considered by theory?
Why is the Advance Variation considered strong vs the Caro-Kann but not vs the Scandinavian?
Is this KBPP vs. KR position a draw or a win with perfect play?
What is a pure checkmate?
How much worse do GMs play in their blitz and bullet games?
In Caro-Kann Defense, what are the differences between 3. Nc3 and 3. Nd2?
Why is 5. f5 so necessary in the Dzindzi-Indian Opening/Modern Defense: Pterodactyl, Beefeater Variation?
How would I train like Bobby Fischer did?
Winning plan for black in this line of French Defense: Advance Variation Main Line
To what extent (if at all) is the new Komodo 13 MCTS an AlphaZero Lite?
Has anyone other than GM Axel Smith and GM Hans Tikkanen had success improving their chess through the "Woodpecker Method"?
Leela Chess Zero - UCI engine
How to play vs. 1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bc4 d6?
(For training purposes) Are there any openings with rook pawns that are more effective than others (and if so, what are they)?
Is it OK to look at the list of played moves during the game to determine the status of the 50 move rule?
Regarding The Horse Concoction-A Retrograde Analysis Question
Eight pawns vs seven exercise: how to win?
Annotations to Fischer vs Sherwin,1957
What's a good way to learn openings when coming back to chess as a former 1400-1600 player?
Where can I find these mentioned chess problems?
Deep Fritz 14, Show Plans-How to activate?
How do you calculate error bars on elo rating?
How do I determine the bye player in a given round of a round-robin tournament?
What are the pairing regulations for a single-elimination (knockout) tournament?
Trompowsky: why does 1.d4 Nf6 2.Bg5 d5 3.e3 e6 score so highly for white in master games?
What is this opening/position called, and what is white’s best move?
How many chess players are over 2500 Elo?
Is it racist that white pieces move first in a chess game?
Which chess courses should I start with?
Could Ding win this endgame vs Carlsen?
What’s the point of early ...a6 move in Queen’s Gambit Declined?
Term for checking piece whose opponent daren't capture it
What is the reason (if any) for 1.e4 c5 2.Nf3 d6 3.Nc3?
What to do if opponent has poor hygiene?
Can I reply to an illegal move with checkmate?
Are there any attempts at writing Stockfish MCTS?
Which opening requires the longest amount of chess moves?
What is the realistic depth in chess we can set in graphical user interface when we have hardware with 16 core processor with 32 threads?
Openings in King of the hill
Why is c4 bad when playing the London against a King's Indian?
Should an arbiter claim draw at a K+R vs K+R endgame?
What are the rules of chess in a nutshell?
What should the arbiter and what should have I done in this case?
What should I do when the announcement of a tournament is violated by the... chief arbiter?
Chess database software for variants
Is White controlling this game?
Sicilian Defence, Dragon Variation
Historical origin of the queen as a chess piece
Options for following the Norway Chess tournament live
Why does Fishtesting test Stockfish against itself, not other engines?
Ruy Lopez, Exchange Variation
Why is Na5 not played in this line of the French Defense, Advance Variation?
Chessbase: how to efficiently use two reference database simultaneously
Looking for an iPhone app for working out chess problems
Draw rates in classical chess between elite players?
How to use the Ponder option in stockfish / UCI
How to search for exact position (FEN) in CQL 5?
King or Queen-Which piece is which?
Fairy endgame statistics for KDDDDvKN (D=dabbaba; '2,0' leaper)?
What is the most suitable position for a bishop here?
How to use opening books on mac/linux
Maximum number of ways to get out of check
Enable pondering with Leela chess zero
How does Allie's search algorithm work?
Games that illustrate attacking themes
Leela chess zero weight files
Short and long term plans in a closed game in the Sicilian Defense
What is this opening trap called, and how should I play afterwards? How can I refute the gambit, and play if I accept it?
I played my first (rapid) tournament recently and I wanted to calculate my ELO
The difference between Rad1 and Rfd1
Most possible movement by the losing side in a zugzwang position
Strategy for next move in a crowded situation
Chess principles for beginner
Losing the queen and then winning the game
Extracting "D" in SCID vs PC Analysis
Which is better, K+QRRBBNN or K+RRBBNN + 8 pawns?
How to efficiently memorize games?
Using Arena (Linux version) with unequal time limits
Analysis of chess by Philidor in PGN
Are there any known examples of spurious strong chess openings, which have been determined to be dubious with the introduction of the first engines?
Can you wait and then perform an En Passant capture?
Was Wolfgang Unzicker the last Amateur GM?
What to choose to play as black if you play King's Indian Attack as white?
How can I use pgn-extract to remove a game from a pgn file when there is an illegal move?
Looking for an old problem that I can't quite remember
Converting from Algebraic notation to Coordinate notation
What is the origin/history of the traditional piece values?
How to "bore your opponent to death"?
Are there any rules for transgender players in chess?
In Swiss tournaments, is it common to play weaker players when playing White?
How to stop Stockfish analysis?
Bad Stockfish evaluation
Are there any tournaments that treat less-represented groups preferentially?
Why do players in the past play much longer tournaments than today's top players?
Novice - Capitalizing on players not knowing their openings?
Leela Chess PUCT Mechanism
Record for most stalemates in one?
Stockfish on Android Question
Is there a good program to play chess online in ubuntu?
What are "full piece" and "half piece" in chess?
How do age and initial rating correlate to decline in playing strength with age?
Attempting to create a retraction puzzle
Possible ways to end a game of chess
What is the format for USCF's Golden Database?
Would a professional level player put their queen in danger of capture from the opposing queen with protection?
How is Buchholz score calculated in a Swiss tournament?
Why aren't there any women super Grandmasters (GMs)?
Why are there few or no black super GMs?
Are there any gambits which yield an advantage for the side down material?
What are these chess.com figures from my English Opening game?
How to mathematically determine if king and pawn versus king endgame is a draw or a win?
What does the following chess proverb mean: "Chess is a sea where a gnat may drink from and an elephant may bathe in."
Is high IQ necessary to become a GM?
Bad symmetrical variations
Chess development strategy for U16 players with the aim of producing future masters on a national scale
A question on psychology / strategy in Chess opening
How strong is each level of Atari 2600's Video Chess?
Should FIDE introduce a minimum rating for arbiters?
From the start of the game what is the longest possible series of consecutive white moves where white can do those moves no matter what black does?
Why is chess failing to attract big name sponsors?
Who is best attacking player all the time?
Why is Russia no longer dominating the world chess championships?
What does Kasparov mean by "I was behind in three and even in one after six games"?
Wrong perft result?
Can a player capture en passant two times in a row?
SCID vs. PC: Multi-Engine Analysis
Which online chess websites allow you to download their games?
Why did I lose on time with 3 pawns vs Knight. Shouldn't it be a draw?
Anti-cheating: should there be a limit to a number of toilet breaks per game per player?
iOS gestures close the game when dragging a bishop from A1 to H8 (or similar moves)
Defensive strategy relying on a wall of pawns
Definition of Soundness
Why do players play this move (bishop to b6) in bullet chess?
How to improve king safety
Why is it important to study classical games?
Is there a name attrbitued to this type of checkmate pattern?
Is there a rule for anti noise earpieces?
Can you manually type moves into Arena? (copy pasting notation)
Does anyone know if there is an English translation of this book?
Life imitates chess: is a player' style of play determined by personality and can style of play be altered?
How is endgame theory developed?
Introduction to the Sicilian
How to detect invalid pawn structures (not based on opponent material) for FEN valdation?
Can it be useful for a player block with a hanging piece in a back rank mate situation?
Tips to improve my chess
Hanging square and deflection tactic leading to a back rank checkmate
Is it possible to block a double check?
In a KP-K endgame, if the enemy king is in front of the pawn, is it always a draw?
What computing knowledge do you need to solve chess?
Which one is more important between endgame studies and tactics?
Is it valid according the FIDE chess rule?
The Game of the Century - why didn't Byrne take the rook after he forked Fischer?
Is it still back-rank mate when there aren't friendly pieces blocking?
Leaving the score aside, what are the criteria allowing Stockfish to choose its "best move"?
Python-chess : how to get a list for the best engine moves
Is there a description of the files used by USCF ratings reports?
If a pawn is promoted to queen beside the king is the king instantly in check?
Python-chess : Are the move scores enough to rank moves from the most to least likely moves played by an engine?
Conceptually, what makes the Sicilian opening sensible for black?
How many different ways are there to checkmate in the early game?
Can you castle with a "ghost" rook?
Is a piece hanging if it is defended by a higher value piece?
Why did I get only 5 points even though I won?
Online chess with full disclosure of name and FIDE ID
What would chess openings be like without castling and/or the double pawn move?
Who has the advantage here?
Lockheed draw rules
Why don't chess tournament organisers use top-down camera angles?
Chess Engine: Generate a Bitboard of Pinned Pieces
Weakening the kingside with g5
Cases of grandmasters renouncing titles, tournament victories, etc?
Moving a game up or down the SCID database list?
Guarding my seventh rank and a King walk assualt
Chess software to analyze games
Sites to learn the middlegame from
Can a pawn be transformed as other higher powers after reaching opposite end?
When king is the only piece left and it has no moves is it a draw or win?
Gambits out of Nimzowitsch Defense
Identify a problem where a potentially winning move draws because of the 50 move rule
Does anyone have a version of the 50x50 article by Nikita Plaksin?
Is there any way white can win?
Who revitalized 5. Bf4 vs the Queen's Gambit Declined?
Why isn't 5. f4 considered strong in the French Advance, main line?
Why is 7 Bd3 in the Cambridge Springs QGD more often met with 7...Ne4 than 7...dxc4?
Why is 1. d4 Nf6 2. c4 e6 3. Bg5 almost never played?
How would you make a queenside pawn storm opening idea work?
Is targeting the f7/f2 square in bughouse a good rule of thumb?
What is the right path to be followed on Chess.com for learning Chess?
Could this kind of inaccurate sacrifice be countered?
Is there any software (preferably Linux) that, when managing a database, can inform you about opening transpositions?
50-move rule: only the last 50 or any consecutive 50?
The move Bg4 in the Pirc defense
An aggressive counter for white vs Scandinavian Defense
Pal Benko's final problem
Is this position a forced win for Black after move 14?
How can I configure Stockfish 10 to make it strong?
Minimal number of moves before castling in 960 chess
How does Alphazero Respond to the QGD?
When is it a good idea to capture the fianchettoed bishop?
First known computer-found error in expert chess analysis
What are the records for highest 1 year span performance rating?
Value Of Pieces
Ideas behind the 8.Bd3 line in the 4.Ng5 Two Knights Defense
Why can Stockfish give different evaluations at the same depth?
