When to omit the modifying 的？
(Cantonese) How to say there are always two sides to a story?
How to say “On the phone” （手机里 vs. 手机上）
How do you ask how old a building is?
Conventional meaning of (你)耳朵生翅膀(了)
Understanding "肯定“ and “一定” in this sentence
How to correctly use 恐怕
Translation: "people with upright eyes will arrive"
What is the Correct Sense of 隔空喊话 in English?
In which Chinese topolect might 門 be transcribed as <mum>?
What is the meaning of 水 in this text?
What is the difference between "吗 (mǎ)" and "么 (ma)"?
Do Southern Chinese speakers have any greater propensity towards using 啦 than Northern Chinese speakers?
Hakka song "kam-thung sim": character approximation and translation required for a part
着 vs 著? Is it the same
Can someone translate this for me?
How to transliterate and pronounce English letters in Chinese?
Translation: Human Penis (Traditional Chinese Medicine)
Is 上下 always interchangeable with 左右?
translation for "melee" in Mandarin
What exactly does this 人单合一的自主经营体 mean?
What is the difference between 省 and 省份?
How should I interpret 最大限度 in this sentence?
What does 'chee' mean in the following quote?
which do I use , 喜欢不喜欢 or 喜不喜欢?
What is the difference between 日 and 号?
When not to split up the VO verb?
成語 with 鮑魚, grammar structure?
What does this mean? It is on the bottom of a strange coffee mug
Is there a difference between 有趣 and 有意思?
What's the difference between 眼熟 and 面熟?
Should names in idiomatic expressions be capitalised?
Whats the difference between the usage of 个, 只, 张, and 条
Translation: “世界上，治疗心脏病最好的方式就是不要开刀。”
Help to translate "红烧肉" to a foreigner
How Cantonese and Mandarin writing can be identical
How would you translate "hard" in "squeeze my hand as hard as you can"?
How to describe 陈省身's name
How does 平均 differ from 均匀?
Why is the 了 here after 错 not after 投?
Confucius quote: what's the original?
What is the difference between 电视 and 电视上?
Is this funny way of saying things some dialect?
Phases to acknowledge being corrected in Mandarin
What is my name?
What is the Chinese word for a Chinese lantern?
Chinese words for "accent"
Translation: couldn't organise a piss-up in a brewery, etc
Meaning/Usage/Translation: 耳膜 vs. 鼓膜?
Why does the order of 人口 change?
How to say "Your eyes whispered:'Have we met?' "in Chinese?
酵: jiào vs. xiào
Difference between these words
How to translate "For all you know"?
Chinese Words that Accurately Reflect English Phonemes
Describing Characters: AB的A/B
What is the right word order?
What is the Difference Between 讲解 and 解释?
The word order of co-existing adverbs in a sentence
Difference between alveolars and alveolo-palatals in Cantonese
不得不, 必须, 只好, 应该: what's the difference?
Colloquialisms: "(Please) Take a Seat"
Why the change in tones of the words in some phrases?
What is the function of in this 为 sentence?
Greeting in an Email Autoresponse: 您好， 亲爱的 or something else?
I need help translating >how< a word would be spoken
或: how did "region" become "either"?
Can someone translate this chinese letter?
勇 character on soldiers' uniforms in movies
What is Mandarin's conversational equivalent of English's "How interesting!" or "That's cool"
Is there a difference between "几点" (jǐ​diǎn) and "什么时候" (shén​me​shí​hou)?
Prefacing questions with 请问
Which one to choose: 赶紧 or 快?
How to translate "nonsense" into Chinese with precision?
How to say "Don't count on me" in Cantonese?
Does 华裔 mean 'overseas Chinese'?
Differences: 干，办，做，搞，弄
How do I properly place each character in this sentence?
What's the difference between ，and 、
Does anyone known a source where find from which characters the modern one borrowed their loaned meanings?
What is this 远 in this sentence?
Where can I go in February to take 2-3 weeks of Mandarin?
新华字典 as CSV download available?
"that" in Mandarin joining clauses or sentences?
What would a good gaming translation for 灵术 be?
How to say 'never' in Mandarin Chinese?
Is There A Way To Say "Fro" (as in afro/fro) In Traditional Chinese?
A more formal way
The usage of 有 in comparisons
Why 干菜类 was mistakenly translated to Fuck Vegetables?
Chinese Starbucks Sizes
What's the different between 不好意思 and 对不起？
Meaning/Translation: 熟肉 [TV Series]
What's the difference between 下巴 and 頷?
What does 小白脸 mean?
How much more is '翻一番‘
what is the difference between 现场 and 地点?
Correct spelling of Min word
Why always go up or down?
How do you learn and remember 左 and 右?
Is there any character with radical 月 that has a meaning of 月 (not 肉)?
The difference between 执著 and 固执
What is the translation for "generic brand"?
An unknown Traditional Chinese character on a decorative piece for Lunar New Year
How do new Chinese characters get added to the language?
What is the order for 雖然 and 當…的時候 when used in the same sentence？
Difference between 别人 and 人家
What is the difference between 他, 它, and 她
Are the Chinese characters really pictorial?
How do you specify 她 in speech?
求解释: "我有问题" 和 "我有个问题" 中英 | Chinese & English
腦力 the way to say "mental strength" in Cantonese?
Translation needed for Chinese vase
How does one best translate 老在 into english
Dictionary meaning required
Generic word for a building
What is the meaning and translation of my neice's name?
What are the most popular new year greetings in Cantonese?
What's the Chinese Converse of English "Engrish"?
What does 唐乐乐 mean?
How can 蔫 be translated as "mischievous"?
Translation of "we", pronoun in official company introduction material
What does 且 mean by itself?
Can I use 的 between the name and 他们
Translation: 'Overwhelm'
Translating "哩哏楞"
Translation: "To Say The Least"
Is there a difference between 復習 and 複習?
What is the meaning of 摸着石头过河
Translation problem
Is there a "Peking Opera dialect"?
I need to write some chinese characters to copy paste
Can anyone translate? Etching on the sword
A game for Chinese learners
What is the meaning of 做一个梳理
Placeholder name for a Chinese person targeting foreign audience, ie. John Doe equivalent
Did some people only have names like 张三?
How am I supposed to understand 充分一些？
What is the Chinese way to say "We had a lot of fun"?
Why 奇蹟 (and not 奇迹) In Simplified Texts
Translation of "想要买什么东西吗？"
Why is "连忙" wrong in the following sentence?
How to translate 掩耳盗铃 into English?
So I was reading this in an online dictionary
Difference: 小气 vs. 小器?
Which meaning of 意见 is indicated here?
Is 我妈妈 or 我的妈妈 more natural?
How do I say that something is "negative"?
How do you say "probably''?
How to spot (if possible) if a final 了 is part of an omitted 要 in a 要...了 construction or simply a past information?
What is the relationship between vernacular and literary Chinese?
How to type 辶 using 拼音
Which one is correct, "有名" or "受欢迎"
毛虫，肉虫，２ kinds of caterpillar
Is There A Chinese Version of Urban Slang Dictionary?
Backwards Translation: "Self-Willed"
Expression 不见不错 / 不见不散
Advice for Chinese listening exams?
Is there a Chinese-Chinese dictionary api or database available that I can use in my own app?
How do I make complex comparison structures with 比?
Translation: 机制 (better translations)
How to type strokes?
What does 'duang' mean in 'online Chinese'?
Is this a typical Chinese way of saying 'lack of strength'?
Difference between 中饭 and 午饭
How best translate 真的要 in to english
Why should I choose 几乎 over 将近？
Why ​摺 in Simplified Texts and not 折?
Difference Between 加 and 添
How is 马马虎虎 used?
Etymology of 白族
How is 之 used in these sentences?
"Learn" vs. "Study"
Is the sentence "我们要怎么去机场？" ambiguous?
Resources: Modern Chinese -> Classical Chinese (Dictionary/References/etc.)
What's the way to say "too/also/as well" in Taiwanese?
Can the famous paradox 白马非马 be translated into English?
What do 总 and 不时 mean here together?
Is 你好，北京 grammatical?
When to use "一下儿"
节期: jiéqī vs. jiéqí
A question about use of 为止
How would you spell this Chinese name?
Origin: of the phrase 不让[能]踩门槛
How to find online freelance teachers?
How to ask for a given choice of options?
丼: why is "well" also "bowl of food"?
Translation of "要" in "我去要出租车"
Why Have Modern *duilian*'s become 成语+3 Random Characters?
Logic behind the strokes of complex characters
What does 精益 mean
早已 and 早就: what's the difference?
What is the meaning of 愣了愣
What is the Socio-linguistic Function of Mixing Pinyin and Characters Together By Adult Native Chinese Writers?
What is the meaning of 这是给谁的礼物？
How are abbreviations determined in Chinese?
Is there a definitive list of countries that use traditional chinese and those that use simplified chinese?
What's a good word for "creepy" in Chinese?
口是心非 歌词 : “怕是怕” What does "x Shi x" mean?
What belongs together here '年产数百万顿的'?
What does it mean by "失敗就懷孕"?
What are the mandarin words for these Chinese altars?
What is the meaning of 十余年 here?
Any historical connection between 筵席 and 宴席?
Birth name question
What does 现代化 mean in this sentence?
How to say: subway line is not in operation
Can someone translate "capital stacks" to Chinese?
Journey to the West / fire mountain
Translation for "ray of sunlight after rain"
What meaning does ** (double asterisk) have in chinese?
What is the verb for "hacking" (as in computing) in Chinese?
Two-character homonyms with same meaning
How can I translate "The Ghost Town's Beauty" into Chinese?
再次 and 再: are they different?
Is this the correct way to say "I practice Chinese with my friend"?
What are the arguments of 结合？
What is an idiom that describes aiming for high achievement or success but not forgetting one's roots?
What is the difference between 参加 and 参与？
What exactly does 服侍我大脚 means?
Subway door announcement mystery
In "会很 <adj.> 的"， is 很 meaningless?
Definitive list of ABB colors
Is 清明节 actually Easter?
Does 道上的人物 represent anything special?
What is he singing?
I need this image translated
Why did they write a comma here?
Need help with 你们不是向着我的吗？
What does 整人 mean?
How to say "gibberish" in Chinese?
Hanzi Underline Rules?
Chinese use of abstract "saw?"
What is the meaning of this?
What's "ended in a disaster" in Chinese?
What is the translation of this nameplate?
What does this headline mean?
中学? middle or high school
Why did the writer use 支 here？
What would 黑著臉 mean?
How to say "a blue-ruled Olympic Exercise notebook" in Chinese?
Ingredients of zongzi
What's the difference between 载体 and 媒介？
Why is 就 used in this sentence?
Why is 跟他一起去不去 wrong but 跟不跟他一起去 right
Are authors of Chinese fantasy novels able to create names for fictional creatures/races?
An English equivalent of "還真是抬舉他了"?
Google, "heavenly"/"original" and Baidu coordinates
Translating a sentence
What's "that" and "which" in Chinese
Is “之” usually used as a possessive pronoun (attributive) in Classical Chinese?
What is 佈施? I found it on a bilingual blog
Should I center a headline written in Traditional Chinese?
Could you help me explain the meaning of "顺其自然"?
Help understanding this passage
How should a professor address a woman student?
Different terms for money throughout history
Mnemonic or Glyph Origin for 御
How to say this sentence in Chinese
How to say "in front of everyone" in Chinese
What does this line mean?
When do people use a one-character given name alone?
Is this ad wrong? Or, is my understanding wrong (quite possible)
What is the formal/polite way to begin and end an email in Chinese?
What is the difference between 群 and 羣?
Meaning of '沒梗'?
What is the difference between 看来， 看起来， and 看出来 ？
Is there one complete list showing Traditional characters in Simplified?
What does the phrase "足矣" mean?
Why do people say "吃飽了嗎"
Is 在我们村里有一所中学 incorrect?
What does "禦姐" mean?
What does "翻起了短信" mean?
What is the meaning of 串串儿？
What does this woman say in Chinese? (From the new Daredevil tv show)
"I thought this would look good" in Chinese?
English Equivalent of "修煉"?
"吃飽了" versus " 吃好了"
What does "現代修真" mean?
Is "戀"/"恋" a word by itself?
What does this sentence mean?
The formal version of "謝謝", "對不起", especially in an email?
What is the meaning of "拜了个拜"？
Why "保重" means "take care"?
What does 神逻辑 mean?
Differentiating Between Dove And Pigeon In Chinese
What does "蕊屁" mean?
What is the first attested use of 美國/美国 in the sense of 'America' in Chinese?
Sect vs School for "宗門"
Zhuyin (bopomofo) vs Pinyin
"同儕" vs "同僚" vs "同事"
Chinese Chengyu (Idiom): Refute somebody with his own argument
道德經 (Dao De Jing): 「五味令人口爽」 translation
A Complex Chinese Character
What is the meaning of 送上 here?
Appropriate way to reject an offer
Translation from english to chinese:
一单字动词，表示给食物过冷水，是哪个字？ / a single-character word meaning to submerge food in cold water
How To *Write* The Northeastern ‘ber lou’?
Quotation Marks ("") and Angle Quotation Marks (《》)
Which Harry Potter Translation is better
Any "casual" translation for 遵命?
Translation/Colloquial Equivalents: “There's More Than One Way To Skin A Cat”
The slang(?) phrase "乾掉了"
What is the original meaning of 匈 (besides "chest/breast/thorax")?
Query about tone and stress in Mandarin foreign transcriptions/loanwords
What is the meaning of '脱产培训‘？
What is the name (in 普通话) of a card game known as "three card brag"?
What is the meaning of '有机结合‘ here?
Characters for Taiwanese
Standards: Japanese - Chinese Name Translations
Difference between 生气 and 愤怒
"惡" vs "噩" vs "厄"
夫唯弗居，是以不去 What"s the meaning of the first 4 characters?
Is there a word to describe "more demand than offer"?
Does Shanghainese have a buzzing sound & what does it mean?
What Does '技能技术' Mean?
What does 国产地效船双船 mean?
Is pronunciation as important as it used to be?
Usage of 一边 (doing things simultaneously)?
Proper way to address a waiter or waitress
What is smaller than 小
Do Westerners 上火?
What does 九洚 mean?
In novels, what would be a good english translation for "師祖"?
What would be an english translation for "手中法訣"?
Thought Experiment: Twitter Character Limits
What is the difference between 哈哈, 呵呵, 嘻嘻, and 嘿嘿?
Where to start/continue my learning?
Any english equivalent for "前輩" or "晚輩"?
Word list for World of Tanks
What are the common phrases in sports when you win the score?
What is the difference in meaning between 应变 and 适应 here？
How to say "you don't need to."
A translation for "嫂子"?
Is 得弄 one word here or two?
Does “些” Work As A Suffix (Ever) In Mandarin Similar To “们”?
The real meaning of "傲嬌"
Questions with multi-syllable verbs
When to use 一言难尽
為無為， 則無不治 translation of Dao De Jing
What is the meaning of 有针对性地
Meaning of "不了" in "忘不了/喝不了/..."
What is the translation of 幼师 喜欢翻唱微博： 动词大茗音 in English?
Formality of "悲哀" as opposed to "悲傷" and "哀傷"
The slang meaning of "Seven/七" in Cantonese
Translation/Meaning: 棒棒机
Translation Resources: Star/Constellation Names
Origin of the slang "機車"
Does this sentence talk about second cars or second hand cars?
the meaning of "grass dogs (dogs of grass)"
Why is 对...不置一词 used like this?
Help to understand this phrase?
What is 声 in this sentence?
Asking "which language do you speak?" on the phone
Why is 情结 used here?
Chinese Languages With Multi-syllabic Readings Of Single Characters
What does "老" in "老虎" and "老鼠" mean
Chinese literature vocabulary
How Recent Is the Divergence In Taiwan- and PRC-Accented Mandarin Speech?
Can't translate this particular symbol
Why is 大消费组 used here?
The pronunciation of 的
What is the meaning of 准新 in this sentence?
What is the polite/proper way to address elderly whom I am not familiar with?
How come 東/东 has a second meaning 'owner/master' or 'host'?
Is my translation right?
What does 眉如點倉 mean?
Translation help please
好久不见＋了＝OK or wrong? What does the "le" add?
How do you say "proud of you" in Chinese?
Difference between 察覺 and 覺察
Anybody know what she say in this song?
How is the meaning of 不得已 formed?
How Many Characters Are There Where The Radical Is The Same As The Main Component?
The usage of 的 at the end of the sentence
Is 同性恋 considered a slur?
Is the word "以后" in "回家以后" an adverb?
What is in 侧面 this sentence?
How is non-standard Cantonese spoken by some mainland Chinese speakers different from "standard" pronunciation?
Forming sentences with resultative and directional complements
What are some good resources for 相声 and 小品?
What are the rules for using commas and periods in Chinese?
Can I replace 当 with 是 in this sentence
百强 specification?
Can I replace 给 with 替 or 为？
What is few English translations for 吃窩邊草?
What is the role of 曾经 in this sentence?
What is a proper explanation of "working knowledge" in Chinese?
Chinese views on Erhua
What is the meaning of the last phrase here?
Are there large discrepancies between what Chinese consider to be words?
What does 战斗机 in this line mean?
What is the meaning of 不该不欠?
Meaning of 所 in "有所..."
Ways to politely insult somebody's intelligence in Mandarin?
Dictionary for Vietnamese to Chinese characters
What does bianniu 变牛 mean?
Difference between 几岁了 and 多大了
What is the meaning of the last part of this passage?
Help with some book titles
English equivalent for 辛苦了 when the speaker is not the person being helped out
How does 甘梅地瓜 mean sweet potato fries?
A good English equivalent for "不過如此"?
meaning of 把自己 and 收下 and 在地里 and some translations
English translation for "廢"?
When describing an idiot, "一根弦的傻子"?
whole text translation and grammar point of 的and给
"Topic-comment" structure
What does "不要紧" mean?
What are the differences in usage and nuances between 现在，正在 and 还在？
What is the meaning of the last part of this sentence?
Neutral tone and erhua (儿化) working as a word distinguisher
Is 未長未短 grammatically correct (in classical Chinese)?
Can “未” modify descriptive adjectives?
Idiomatic Translation: Guilty Pleasure
What's the difference between 许多 and 很多？
Difference between 于是 and 所以
How to type chinese using an English keyboard?
Where did the word "panda" come from?
simple translation of simple text and question about 个 and 自己
Can someone please tell me what 工艺鞋 are？
Is the Chinese character "蒙" being associated with Mongolia and ignorance coincidence?
Difference between 特色, 特殊, and 特别?
How would you translate a name consisting of dictionary words?
How to express "Half a bit like" in Chinese
Rhyming in modern Mandarin
English equivalent of "令牌"?
What's the difference between 之间 and 中间?
What's the difference between 确实, 的确, and 实在?
Can you apply 男子汉 and 女汉子 to non-Chinese?
Earth is a good place?
What's the difference between 只 and 才？
What's the difference between "击毙"， "枪毙"，"击中"，and "用枪杀?"
Any direct English equivalent for "佩服"?
Does anyone know the meaning of this character ()?
What does "生命诚可贵 爱情价更高 若为自由故 二者皆可抛" mean?
How accurate is this Google translate?
GoldenDict Chinese-Chinese Dictionary?
What is the meaning of 附件 here?
How would you describe the meaning of 弯 wan1?
Why Is 浜 (bāng) Used So Much In Panda Names?
What do the Symbols ◒ and ◓ Signify In Old Chinese Poetry Books?
How do you 'second best'?
What is the meaning of 吃瘪?
上的 — How is it functioning in this sentence
Place of 都 in a sentence meaning all
When to use 世界 and when to use 国际
What's the best way to improve Chinese after mastering the fundamentals?
Are "主题" and "内涵 interchangeable?"
Is this an accurate translation?
Can I replace 均 with 都 here?
What is the meaning of 刚一通过 here please?
Transliterated Loanwords From Two Seperate Languages Of The Same Thing
"I will," "I can," "I will (probably)" A fundamental problem with 會
What does "叱吒" mean?
What does this pattern (由 … 而) mean, exactly?
What does this structure (有 … 才有 …) mean?
Lyrics required
What is the difference between 油漆, 涂料 and 油彩 please?
Looking for a Chinese movie or anime with easy dialogues
What is the meaning of this 征 in this sentence please
How to use 像…似的?
Sichuanese: When Is First Tone 55 Vs. 45?
他很慢地走: why there is 地 if the adjective is monosyllabic?
What Different Patterns Are There To Make 不如 Sentences？
乐 Le and Yue: When did they diverge?
Pinyin to Chinese characters
What is the meaning of 建设 here？
What's the difference between 确实, 的确, and 实在?
What is the English translation for this picture
How widely used are 印章 compared to signatures?
"Thank you" in Tibetan, Cantonese, and Mandarin
How does 十分/不十分 work？
What is a good English translation of 土豪?
How to write "Oh" in Chinese （哦，噢，喔）
說-speak? why translated as pleasant?
Meaning of 嘛 in this context?
洗发剂 and 洗发水 difference
Meaning of 狂牛 in this context?
What is the meaning of 相邻权？
What is the etymology of "商" in "商数"
Name underlining (whole word or just part of it?)
What does "滿腦門子的黑線" mean?
Can 当作 ever be used with a direct object behind it?
A noun version of "need"
can you help me translate this ??
What would be the English for 公示？
Punctuation and Footnotes in Mandarin Chinese
"upregulate" in Manadrin
What does this mean "封不觉心中这么想着"?
Is there a single English word equivalent that means 人各有志?
How to end an email asking for permission from my boss in Chinese?
How to say "The general consensus is" or "In general, most people consider"
What is 德国青? 德国青?
”e.g.“ and "i.e."
What is the nuance of 很好?
Notations For Typo Corrections In Chinese Texts
When do you use 呢 ？
Why do Chinese people say 一孕傻三年？
Is there a difference between 非常 and 很?
Why do some Chinese characters have multiple simplified variants?
What kind of voice is "滄桑的聲音" describing?
Can someone translate this for me? It's a family heirloom
Meaning and usage of 得瑟（嘚瑟）
What's the difference between 帐户 and 账户?
Are there any Chinese phrases that have embarrassing meanings if their tones are mispronounced?
Prefix equivalents in English?
What Does Unicode 8.0 Mean For Chinese?
哪里 as an answer
Where to find improved/tonal pinyin input method?
How to translate "web-project" into Chinese?
What does the box say?
Documentation of all hanzi and their stroke order
Which is the right order 您好，大姐 or 大姐, 您好?
What's the difference between 重覆 and 重复?
How Did Third Eye Blind Get Translated As 心灵蒙蔽合唱团?
Why is 两 used for quantities of two rather than 二?
What is the difference between 老X and X老 as a term of address?
What is a "亲传弟子" and how would you say it in English?
Origin of word / term - 怪獸?
Is this sentence ambiguous?
Best Android keyboard for inserting pinyin, simplified, and traditional characters
Poems About Ungratefulness
Translation verification for a notice
枕头 versus 垫子, are these different?
Is this Chinese sentence grammatical? I'm unsure about a few words and phrases
What does 坏坏的 mean in "坏坏的问道"?
A single English word equivalent for "逆天"?
Chinese name for a money belt
What's the difference between 否则, 要不, 不然, and 要不然?
How would one write "face up" (e.g. as an instruction on a copier)?
最后吃的菜 or 吃最后的菜？
Does 青龙 not really mean Green Dragon?
Can 弗 Mean Dollar In Chinese?
What is the difference between 俯卧撑 and 伏地挺身?
What does "二人要通过许多小的管卡" mean?
When is it appropriate to use 剩女?
What's the difference between 圣人 and 神人 in ancient daoism?
How to understand "实" in this context? ”五侯九伯，女实征之“（《齐桓公伐楚盟屈完》）之"实"字何以训？
What is the role of 清楚 in this sentence?
meaning of "然後三個三個分成小組"
Comparison of tools for converting traditional to simplified Chinese
How to translate this old saying into Chinese?
"Immediately" 立即, 即時, 立刻, 馬上 etc
How do you say Difference between?
Why chinese people always use chinese subtitles ¿?
Is  An Acceptable Form Of 逗 In Sichuanese?
Stroke order database
Braille and Chinese Input
How to say "development and support" in Chinese
meaning of 傳 in 傳不習乎?
What does this character mean? 
Differences between 滑鼠 (huá shŭ) and 鼠标 (shŭ biāo)
Character classification by type
Interpretation of second character
Pronunciation Of 佛 in 四川话
What is the difference between 穿 and 穿上?
Can I type pinyin in Debian Linux?
six months or in June
噗通 PK 扑通: What's The Difference? If Any?
phrase for "It happened just as you finished talking about it"
Are 乒 and 乓 used in classical chinese?
What does 含饴弄孙 mean?
Mices and rats: differences between shǔ, lǎo shǔ, Xiǎo lǎo shǔ, etc
Two contrasts between 文 and 武, culture and war
When to use 住在 and when to use just 住?
What is the meaning of 背会?
Were 蒸 and 祯 homonyms?
What should I call a capacitive touchscreen stylus in Standard Chinese?
Is it appropriate to use 喂 by text?
Email salutations for mother / father
I cannot understand the subject exacly of this phrase (DL used in romanization)
When did the usage of "N" to indicate some unspecified quantity come up?
When was 华/華 first used as a reference to China?
Fonts for Unicode CJK extensions C, D, E
Chinese/English/Pinyin Books For Young Adult Readers
What Possible Pronunciations of 也 exist in Suzhou Dialect?
Synonyms of (不会)少块肉?
Writing direction on seals
的 with nouns which classify other nouns
Job requirements for typing Chinese
What's the Mandarin equivalent of the Hardcore History podcast?
啰 vs. 囉 in Old Texts
The two pronunciations of 粘
What does "大开大合" mean?
Cantonese Pronunciation of 户珥 (Hur)
Comparing intensifiers
解 Read as Jiai?
个 ge usage plus 每 mei
Measure words for music
Alternative notations for Cantonese tones
How to say "That looks delicious"
Correct/natural way to say "在我的咖啡可以加糖吗？"
德行：moral integrity or disgusting?
Definite and indefinite noun after 找
written characters: bèi vs jiàn
written characters: yuē vs rì
Different kinds of writing paper
Is this a correct usage of "來日方長"?
Resources for the Chinese section of the Gaokao?
Fast dictionary lookups while reading text
Learning written forms of dialects
Address people using 生 (e.g. 唐生)
What are these 2 的s doing here?
What is the meaning of 变现？
洗尘: why is a welcome banquet "washing dust"?
What kind of food is 漢巴德? (from 官場現形記)
differences between: 过来, 起来, 下来
How should I deal with 产生 in this sentence?
Clarifying usage and definition of 怀疑
many ways to say Today
What is this 某 doing after the names?
Resources For Learning Southwestern Mandarin (西南官话)
Meaning and origin of 小確幸
What does it mean to 占便宜？
What is 去意 here?
Expressing "tea is not just a drink"
What does "须发皆张" mean?
小姐 and similar terms before the cultural revolution
What does "更生" in "自力更生" mean?
Does Cantonese have a falling tone?
Character: “Kei” For “To Go” (去) In Sichuanese
Chinese words for "everything can be viewed from a positive side"
What does 惟覺 mean here?
What is the meaning of 么?
In what context would I use 见怪不怪?
How is 古代汉语 defined?
Comparing forms of humble self reference
Clash of brothers?
Pronunciation of 内容
Etymologically Correct Character For The Sichuanese ‘niang’ Meaning "What"
Translate 'operational' and 'strategic' in Chinese
What contributes to negative emotion / sentiment in this example?
Say hallo to many people: 你好 or 你们好?
How would I translate the two morphemes 基腐 together?
How should I translate 属地化？
How are blanks indicated for placeholders in Chinese (like ???)
What is the difference between 好多 vs. 很多?
Is it correct to say '较出色‘?
meaning of 等 in this sentence
总监，总统，总裁 and other similar words
How do you say "rock a baby to sleep" in Chinese?
How do you say "Do you speak Chinese?" in Mandarin and Cantonese?
Can 持续 have these 2 meanings?
Mandarin Neutral Tone: Tone Value?
Modern loanwords in Chinese
What's the difference between 同样 and 一样
What is "一" doing in "事情一开始进展得很顺利，但后来我们遇到了困难"?
What is the meaning of '中国面孔'?
Is there an official translation for oleogustus, yet?
When did the words 麻醉 and 麻药 first appear?
Is this the way to say 'afford'?
Is  ever used in the Chinese language? And what does it mean?
Why do people say 慢点儿阿("man dianer a") when you leave their shop?
Can I change this '下‘ for '前面‘？
The grammar of 实事求是的石
Earliest usage of 力不从心?
Asterisks in Jyutping Cantonese
What is the best translation for 投胎?
What is this 运行 in this sentence?
Is "Year of the Goat/Ram/Sheep" due to the Chinese language?
Which dialect of Chinese has the fewest tones?
What does it mean?
Use of 如何 versus 怎麼樣
the Master is stopped from investigation?
What is this 予以 doing in my sentence?
How to say "see you this weekend?"
Open Software Two-Line Add Pinyin To Characters
what's the difference between 会, 可以, and 能?
The meaning of a Chinese inscription found under a little sculpture
Why not include "的" in "传统音乐"?
Can I substitute 合适 in place of 量身打造？
Chinese word for X chair in a musical group when it isn't 1st or 2nd chair
Does this 中国是 。。轮番上市 mean 'flooding the market'?
Is "一“ in 一线城市 first or second tone?
韵/声 Dictionary Organization: Why?
Etymological character reference
Why some characters have different sounds?
What is the textbook used to learn Chinese in Havard and MIT?
Are there differences between 朋友 and 我朋友 in modern Chinese?
What is the etymology of "嗨"?
Tree: 树 (shù) vs 木 (mù)
How many syllables does Chinese have?
"Are you still married to Mary?" How to translate this?
你是第幾任總統/校長？How to translate this into English properly?
Are used to and 以往 really the same?
Tradtional Chinese fonts for website
Hong Kong Cantonese: Derogatory Terms For Mainlanders
How to say something is "an acquired taste" in Chinese?
Do 向 and 学 or 学习 work together here？
Could anyone give a proper English translation to "干货”？
What does 探个究竟 actually mean?
What is the oldest known Chinese audio recording?
In 霸王别姬 is 霸 just a name?
What is the function of 贴 in 四贴袋？
Breaking a sentence into grammatical structures
Verbs of two words
The meaning of "宝藏"?
What character is 刄 + 点?
What does this 鼎力 mean here?
What is the origin and meaning of 焗烤
What does "强横" mean when it is used to describe an inanimate things?
When "to be" should be used? When omitted?
How to interpret 休息不了多长时间吧？
Could saying "慢慢吃" to a stranger cause offence?
When should I use "很" before an adjective?
Large List/DB of (Mandarin) Chinese Geographical Names and Entitites (for NER)
English slang translation
Is "谐仿" an actual word in Chinese?
Are Chinese characters taught in school in Vietnam?
How would one translate "full of life?"
Indefinite article vs numeral: use of "一" (yī)
Is this textured bun still "mantou"?
How to translate 抓紧 here？
Words for shopping for medicine for athlete's foot in mainland China?
What is the difference between 汉语 and 普通话?
Email as noun and verb
Hanban/HSK Official Website Resources Download
How should I translate 细心 here?
Confusion when words are combined
How can I translate "To all to whom these presents shall come, Greeting"?
What is the origin of the slang term 6?
What is the meaning of 心理活动 here?
What is the most commonly used way to say "thank you" in Chinese promotional and marketing materials?
磨洋工 Why 洋(?)工? Lazy Foreigners?
Does this 淘 just mean 买？
Is '去+verb' similar to 'to infinitives' in English?
What's Baidu doing with all these crazy characters everywhere?
Phrase to describe "wow" or "amazing" (sounds like 'pang')
What is the negative of 将会？
Usage of word "sun": 太阳 (tài yáng) vs 日 (rì)
Rhyme and tones
Simple poetry for beginners
What is this 让 in this text?
How to say "post" as in "post something online"?
How to translate "passionate"?
Does 宝 have its own history separate from 寶?
words where it is important to distinguish between the neutral tone and the citation tone
What does "兵器谱排行榜第一位" mean/represent?
How to interpret the explanation of '巧夺天工‘？
Open source Sichuanese TTS (语音合成?)
How to translate "hump" or "humping"?
Difference between 'unfortunately'： 不幸 可惜 遗憾
Who wants to visit whom?
Which country is 岛国?
What does this mean symbol mean
What does 冒了出来 mean here?
Where can I find a list of existing Chinese surnames?
What is the meaning of 看在 and 分上?
What is the phrase for "sounds like" as in "it sounds like your dad is getting better"?
Is there strong evidence that Classical Chinese was ever spoken?
Reference: 'hou' in Sichuanese meaning 'to eat'
What does 着急 mean in this sentence?
Word order question. Describing a rabbit's eyes
Chinese vs English
Why is 遞 = (辶 + (厂 + 虎))?
Weird Chinese Characters
What is this 所 here?
What is the English for "地宮"?
Is it possible to 结交朋友？
How to interpret 本质 here?
What exactly does 阅兵 mean/translate as?
How to translate "If everything goes as planned..."
How to translate "leach"?
Difficulty translating "makes". How to translate this sentence:
How to speak more naturally / like a native Chinese speaker
Complete list of albums and songs by 邓丽君。
串 vs 丳: which one is used more often for "skewer"?
Does it matter if I use 要 or 想 for this sentence?
Chinese word for "passed" in the sense of "the test was successful"
Poems/Phrases: Life is meaningful
Does Chinese have an adage saying “It is better to hit to kill than to hit and injure”?
Proper translation of " 倒页、脱页"？
How can I translate "notable user" into Chinese?
When to use 勿忘我 vs 不忘我 vs 别忘我
Why did China opt for 星期 over 曜日?
箭牌 vs 诏书: emperor's decree
What is the difference between 随手 and 顺便？
Bottom component of 青 and 䏍
Building blocks of society
In how many ways can we say "go straight ahead"?
The word 射 vs the word 短
Any record of a "扌笨" character anywhere?
How would you translate 魔都 in English?
What does "上千" + [something] mean?
How to use correctly use 是否?
How to describe something as a 'work in progress'
I need to write the English boys name "Jules" in Chinese.
Chinese characters by sound similarity
How to pronounce words with double fourth tones?
How do you say 'home is where the heart is' in traditional Chinese characters?
Expressing opinion in Chinese
To 了 or not to 了
Please help me with this translation?
Is "不會" a correct response to "謝謝"？
Does this translation of a sentence accurately capture the information and grammar of the original sentence?
How is 还 used with adjectives?
Why do some overseas Chinese restaurants translate broccoli as "芥蘭"?
How to make a tenseless sentence?
Using "抱怨": I'm really skinny, but I'm not complaining
Can people carry on a conversation with each side speaking a different form of Chinese, like in some movies?
Does /Ĩ/ *really* exist in Southwestern Mandarin?
Questions on how to talk about specifics, how to talk about things in relation to other things
Do the notations ⅃⅃⅃ ___ LLL mean anything?
How can I convert Chinese characters sketched with my mouse, into computerised characters?
Are 南瓜小米粥 (nánguā xiǎomǐ zhōu) and 小米南瓜粥 (xiǎomǐ nánguā zhōu) the same thing?
What is the meaning of the phrase 铁血丹心 ?
What is the function of 當 in 當愛已成往事 ?
What does 蕉 mean in Cantonese?
What is the usage of 蔑 as a negation word in classical chinese?
What is meaning of the sentence 「夫非盡人之子與」?
Does this sentence follow the topic-comment pattern? 你家孩子真多
Why is 的 used with 是 sometimes to answer in the affirmative? As in 是的
Chinese idiom to describe a long line
Origin of the term "Sitting the Month"
“FLAG” meaning in ‘bullet hell-style subtitles’ (弹幕)?
What is this written on several buildings in red paint?
凭, 按, 根据, 依据, 依照, and 按照 how to use these words correctly?
Does anyone know why 点 has the meanings of "to light\to ignite" in certain compounds (such as in 点燃\点火\点灯)?
The usage of 醒来 vs. 睡醒, and a little bit about 睡觉。
What is this book called? 汉说文
Do Cantonese 畀 and Mandarin 被 have any historical connection?
Befrending the Learned
What does “杀牛”mean in this context?
What is the title of this song?
Fill in the Blanks/Grammar error
Understanding "當地的頭腦"
How many Chinese characters have multiple readings/pronunciations in Mandarin?
What is the role of 没 here?
What's a good way to review what I've learned?
Is this Chinese and which character is written here if yes?
Asking Someone How Their Chinese Studies Are Going
Difference between 能 and verb + 得了(de liao3)
What is the cultural meaning of the practice 歃 when taking an oath ?
Is the phrase 南狩之志，乃大得也 ironically ?
How to translate "coming along?"
In which ways can I express "to make s.o. jump" ?
what is the translation for 或啁之曰 ?
What is translation for 或作譈懟，亦書作憞 ?
What is the meaning of 貪人之有者殘?
What is the meaning of 豫兮 in 豫兮若冬涉川 ?
What is the grammatical function of 當 and 自 in 爾男子，當自警 ?
How do you translate "if she had not helped her, they both would be dead now" ?
What is the meaning behind 华胄 ?
What is the translation for 淫之以色，啗之以利，養之以味，娛之以樂?
How to write keys with keyboard?
Descriptive / generative grammar of Mandarin?
What was the writer going for with '酗逼'?
What is the meaning of 庸 in the phrase 毋庸置疑?
What is the meaning of 庸 in 利之而不庸?
Difference between 沒轍, 莫可奈何，沒辦法
What is the grammatical function of 到 in 这些的确是铁匠会用到的老式钉子 ?
What is the verbatim (grammatical) meaning of 不了​了之?
Why is 我找不到 correct and 我不能找 wrong? Which grammatical point am I missing?
Is there an "official" translation of Malcom X's You can't hate the roots of a tree and not hate the tree"?
Is Sunday 星期天 or 星期日?
Why did 人艰不拆 get banned?
What's the translation for Mammalian Two-Hybrid System to Chinese?
Is "girdling root" *really* 环根 in Chinese?
How to translate this usage of "afford"
Is 我携带我的猫 grammaticaly correct?
Why in some contexts does 走 mean "walk", but in others "go"?
How would you translate "throttling" to Chinese?
Original Chinese text to Lau Tzu's quotation
How do I make the most of my Chinese language course?
Possessive and plural: usage of 们 and 的
How to translate "take Catholic orders"?
Does this sentence sound natural?
Which is the most frequently used tone?
What is the origin of the word 猫 (cat)?
"是你太能說了"這句話什麼意思？
Chinese TV shows with northern Chinese accents
Meaning of 甜-Z (Z is the upper-case English letter)
Hell yeah! - How to express great joy?
Does Cantonese or Mandarin contain the voiced or voiceless velar fricative?
Any “fai” (zy: ㄈㄞ) pronunciation record in Mandarin?
How to translate "I hope I didn't embarrass you"?
Word list for computer UI and technical. (Simplified character, pinyin, English)
Any difference between 损害,损伤,伤害?
City Name on a Postmark
自习 vs 自学: what's the difference?
How to say when a university was established
Why is "他在椅子上坐" wrong?
Difference between 留神，留意，留心？
Difference between 公告 and 通知?
Difference between 盖，修，建
Please help me translate what is carved on my dizi flute. Thank you!
美国意大利黑帮 - Expressing location without 在?
What is the origin of 抠门儿?
Does an existential sentence with "有" only carry a non-specific noun?
How to type these old and rare Chinese characters?
What is the correct style/format when including Chinese translations in academic articles?
How to parse "就算世界与我为敌"?
Can you decipher what this seal stamp says and means?
How to say "newbie" or "noob" in Chinese?
Where can I find people to communicate in Chinese to learn and improve it?
What is the difference (and english translation) between 风浪 and 涌浪?
What is the etymology and glyph origin of 餵?
What's the Chinese word for "bare-metal" (computer programming)?
Glyph origin of 我 - How did 我's radicals 手 and 戈 create the meaning of 我?
Is 察颜观色 or 察言观色 the correct term to use?
Difference: 些 and 有的
Most common/well known translation (transliteration) of “pizza” in Chinese?
Are 耳光 and 巴掌 the same?
When do I use the state complement?
What is the correct saying?
Difference between 谦虚 and 虚心?
Is Chinese imprecise?
Difference between 新式 and 新型
Translation: Chinese relative names + numerals into English
What is the difference in use between 迷失， 迷路， 走失 and 迷途？
Puzzling negation in a beginner's grammar book
Translating Chinese
Dizi poem on my dizi flute please
What is the difference between 实质 and 本质?
Number of population whose actual mother tongue is Mandarin?
Can the dialectical final "ue" be written in pinyin "ue"?
How to translate “穷则变，变则通，通则久” to English?
Translate "feature" as a verb to Chinese
Saying "you too"
插,刺,捅,扎 what are the differences?
What is the difference between 响，声，and 音
How might 'pidgin' have represented a Chinese pronunciation of 'business'?
Does "sticker" have a transliteration?
What is the correct Chinese expression for "Only child"?
Is the frequency of written characters much different from spoken ones?
Would you use 为 or 给 (or neither) as a dedication?
和 or 或? When to use "and"s and "or"s
Character for "□" 西南官话 kuai³¹: "～着走, 两脚尖向内地走"
Classical Chinese question. 古文。 Meaning of 起予？
How do you say "tape it" as in, "taping a package"?
Help me understand why 我艹你 means i f*** you?
Something I came across in a movie 你说它真它就真说它假
How to tell when one word starts and another word ends?
How to translate "曖昧" into English?
What does 狸猫换太子 mean?
Lowest pixel resolution needed to support Chinese?
What is the difference between 款式 and 格式
Proper translation for nib sugar, coarse sugar, decorating sugar
How would you translate The Martian's: "I'm going to science the s*** out of this"?
Cantonese 咁: adverb suffix?
Would this sentence be grammatically correct?
What difference(s) does it make to use the citation tone instead of the neutral tone, for the tail character in these words?
What does 旧币 refer to exactly?
What role does 的 play in the sentence 我不明白你刚说的第一句话?
What are the differences between 香港繁體, 澳門繁體 and 台灣正體?
What does '所至‘ mean?
Differences: 别的 vs 其他 vs 另外 (other)
How to translate "我爱的很野不会说谎等不等你都是一样" in English?
How to use 主持 in composition
What does 你要买点儿什么？ mean exactly? (吗 question vs. Wh- question)
There's some blurry text I cant quite read, any ideas what it is/means?
Why do Chinese writers have three different names?
What does "犊不畏虎" mean?
A Golden Rule for When Chinese Repeat a Word Twice X Twice? 热热闹闹
Meaning of text on poster
help translating complex sentence
How do you say "I mean", as in "that is not what I mean" ?
What does “作” mean in this context?
How do you say an event will be casual?
Meaning of 则是 in this sentence
Does anyone know the translation of this character?
What does 低喝了一声 mean?
Chinese language?
What is this mysterious elevator instruction: 禁止追逐打闹 or "prohibition of chasing"?
What is the difference between 顾客 and 客户？
a better translation for the expression "psychology is dead"
Is there really no unicode for "扌"?
What does this phrase mean: 请回复我结果?
Does anyone know the reason why 生地黃 is called 地黃 [yellow earth]?
Why use 交货 in the sentence？
谁 as relative pronoun?
What does 这个书包看起来不大 mean?
Bigrams ending in third tone where first syllable is second tone vs. third tone
What characters have been politically corrected before?
Negative sentiment for text
What is the function of 是 in this sentence: 你是怎么学习英语的？
Where to find graduated text/books?
Can someone please check this piece of writing?
What is Chinese for CFD?
Why the sudden rise in usage of "吓死宝宝了"?
Where does the middle name go in a name that has been translated into Chinese?
Comparing 我一个弟兄们 with 我的一个兄弟
What is the difference between 发货，出货 and 交货？
Poems about parents love and care for children
How to use 可爱，properly?
How do I translate "附件是我做的方案针对目前我们存在的问题"?
To see, to watch, to meet - 看 vs 见 vs 看见
書全經聖 - 1881 Chinese bible (what is the 2nd character?)
Why "校车来了“， not "校车来着" and "校车正来"?
Information about the Nantong dialect
How do I say "I've got all his albums"?
Why the long-short romanization system (长短音) for Chinese dialects?
What does "kwukyel" mean in regards to Chinese language characters?
Chinese Dotted/Dashed Line font?
Help translating 安排当无品牌申报出到英国
Help translating 针一的材质
How do I say "most of the time" in Mandarin?
Apple Tablet Dictionary that Supports Drawing Input
Can anyone make my Chinese-English translation sound better?
Where to put 不 when responding in negative
Is 熵 in any way part of the spoken language?
For a long time, I caused the <wide world> to be <manlang 漫浪>
Dealing with expressions in classical Chinese letters: 月日 and 惶恐百拜
Do I have to include 是 in 你的生日(是)什么时候？
Translating "should" to express what is probable or expected
To add: which should I use 新增, 添加or增添?
Which version is correct, 脚趾甲 or 脚指甲?
What is 抢红包，订阅开奖提醒？
What's the significance of Tangut?
Proper translation for "active table"?
How to translate the phrase "just because . . . it doesn't mean that..."?
b and p, d and t, k and g etc. in English and Cantonese
Proper use of 吧 in questions
What are the continents according to Chinese schemes?
How to pronounce 调 in 同调代数?
What is the difference between 夜(yè) and 晚 (wǎn)?
How to say "Oops"; or other exclamation/interjection you might say if you make a mistake
what is the meaning of "他来了请闭眼"
Another couple of doozies: 許臣時一中之... and 敢不勉增淸烈。益播芳芬。
The meaning of 得趣...to get a taste for something?
Whats the most well known 圣谕书?
Which is better for learning tones, Pinyin or Gwoyeu Romatzyh?
"There was no attitude of poverty in his poetry" 絶無窮態
Translation needed for 4 Chinese characters
Are radicals a relatively new invention for looking up dictionaries?
Why is 景 written "wrong" on the Nestorian Stele?
How is 着 pronounced here?
Questions about 时量补语
How to say "here you go" when giving a gift?
Difference between 办法， 方法， and 方式？
What is the difference between 认为 and 以为?
What is the difference between 受 and 收?
What does dian gui bu mean?
她离开了三年了 vs. 她离开三年了 Is there any difference between the two?
What is this character?
Is 多早晚 wrong or right
How do I translate "舒服不如倒着，好吃不过饺子" in English?
Structure of sentence with 喜欢+V
What is the difference between 看法 and 想法?
Translation of 这里开了家医院
Glyph origin of 也
Help with pronouncing 道 precisely
How to determine the end of words?
What can we make of the name 九儿?
What is the difference between 裡, 裏 and 里?
How can I improve my tonal range?
What does 前後鼓吹 mean?
What are the 1,500 chengyu for the 2015 chengyu convention
In Cantonese, what is a less "childish" way to call one's own parents?
How to translate "黑科技" into English？
Please can someone tell me what this says in engish?
What is the Mandarin term for great godparents?
Making sense of '推魏大肚'
What is the difference between 利润， 利益，盈利？
Does anyone know origins of 万一?
The correct usage of 大约 vs. 差不多
How can I get exposure to mandarin usage and pronounciation?
What are some good (native) Chinese online message boards & forums?
What is "Nordic hamstring curl" in Chinese?
产业 vs 企业 vs 商业. What's the difference?
An unknown, calligraphic Traditional Chinese character
How do I answer 这是哪儿?
Do people in China say 新年快乐 at Spring Festival?
Why do Chinese people give their guests tea to drink?
Questions about the meaning and position of 一下
Difference between 不得不， 不免 and 必然?
Differences between 喜欢, 要, and 想?
Is written Hakka the same as simplified Chinese?
How to express sarcasm?
Politeness in referring to a recent death
Is the "shh" expression of silence used in Chinese?
How to say 热闹 in English
Original Chinese version of the mango poem
How to express "x out of y"?
Why does 息 mean news?
What does 都是套路 mean?
What is the preferred relationship title for "my mother's mother's big brother's son"?
Men's and women's Chinese names
Why the popular name for Pandas 熊猫 consists of its words in inverse order 猫熊?
Why does 節 mean both "festival" and "to save, to control"?
How can I memorise easily the four tones?
Question about complement of frequency? (Using 过 and 次)
Why did people sometimes call Liu Bei "明将军"?
Are both 他游了三个小时泳 and 他游泳游了三个小时 fine?
What is the difference between “比照” and “比较”？
Help with translating old signs
Are 总是, 平常, 通常, and 经常 all interchangeable?
When is a 方言 a language and not a dialect
Can I say 没 to negate future events?
What are the flavors of all those "systems":系统,体系,制度
Mandarin pronunciation for <hen> and <yuan>
Learning Chinese from a radio station
Why is the character 漢 built in such a weird way?
Write date and time using 文言?
Why does 赤道 mean Equator?
How do you say 'serving' in Chinese as it relates to nutrition?
Why is 坑爹 such a popular word, and what exactly does it mean?
Where should I place 多 in large numbers?
How to say 治安不好 in English
Difference and usage of 听看，听见，听到?
Difference between 前面 and 面前
What's the correct pronunciation for 骠骑?
What is the best way to say "Under New Management"?
Difference Between 计算机 and 电脑
How to pronounce 的 in 所有的?
How to say 索尼大法好 in English?
Homonyms in the context of humor or satire
What's the correct term for ping (connection latency) in Standard Chinese/Cantonese?
Translation of "Baller"?
What is the meaning of 凡属?
Does 声 exist as a traditional character?
Has 管理 something to do with plumbing? If so then
How to say replica as opposed to fake
poems/phrases/quotes/stories/allegories about “good news”
Phrase "to make your bed" in Chinese?
What Methods Are Used by Mandarin Learners Who Speak Japanese?
Difference between 孩子 and 儿童 (and 孩童，少儿，...)
What is the 蜀语圣经?
Is to embrace or think of spring an expression?
Roots of the difference between 谈,论,说,讲,议, 叙,言,报,告,述
Can traditional and simplified counterparts have different pronunciations?
How can I say "Some users want it" in Chinese?
How can I say "I have translation background" in Chinese?
What is the meaning of 亲收获？
Is there a Chinese idiom that involves a "Creator"?
What is the difference between 只要 and 如果?
Shanxi old postmark: town and date
Difference Between 学校 and 学堂
What do 为至 and 即随之而至 mean?
Does 告 posess negative connotation?
Does xiang (third tone) mean "want" or "echo"?
Why is 儿 in different positions in "儿子" and "女儿"?
了 as "perfect" aspect vs 了 as "actual" aspect theory
钻法律的空子和钻法律的漏洞有差？
"不应" vs. "不该": Which is used in formal writing?
Can 丢 refer to people?
Give further examples of morphological alternation patterns such as Verb/Noun (处 chu3 / chu4) and Active/Inactive Verb (好 hao4 / hao3)
Pairs which are of the form AB / BA
乒 and 乓 characters are together a pictographic group?
How do I tell the difference between "ing" and "in"?
Usage: analogically simplified (类推简体) vs. original characters
Can you explain the differences between the following sentences?
Learning traditional Chinese characters
How does 行 evolved to mean industry?
Stamped Chinese characters on a banknote
How to indicate "long pronunciation" in writing in Chinese?
How does 海报 became "a poster"?
Origin of 天气 (weather)?
What does the Chinese symbols mean?
What semantic field underlies 經?
What does the underscore (_) mean in Chinese?
Differences between 凉 and 冷，冻 and 冰
When to use 手 and when to use 家 for a type of musician or other specialist
Ways to write "strength"
Km/liter or liter/100km in China? 公里/公升？ 公升/100公里？
Is this sentence using 以...为?
Chinese hieroglyphs to English
Translation of "fraction" in a sentence
Which kanji is this: 氵+ 十?
Difference between V+着+V and 一边+V+一边+V
What is the difference between 比如 and 例如
表达 vs. 表现 vs. 表示 vs. 显示
Looking for the right way to combine concepts of (smart) investment and metadata
What is the difference between 涉及 and 涉及到
Radical Pronunciation - Helpful to Learn?
Difference between 两 and 二?
Which number translation is correct?
Parts of speech question.
What is the difference btween 看样子 and 看起来
Is this sentence using 是在?
Decipher particular short cursive inscription (is it really 习近平's signature?)
Weird Chinese text next to the Great Wall
Tips for pronunciating tone value "21"?
What's the difference between 可 and 可以?
Are there concrete rules of conversion between "homophone" English and Chinese proper names?
Which is correct, "我对我的妈妈说很多话" or "我对我的妈妈说很多"?
Chinese Speaker
比 comparison structures: positive adjectives?
不比 vs 没有 comparison usage
When to use of 买
When should I use 经验 and when should I use 经历?
How do I pronounce romanised Chinese names which lack tone marks?
Chinese names: Gah-Ning
Three-digit year in date on Chinese document
Why 就范 means "to give in"?
Reliable source for Chinese translation of Pali Canon Jataka tales (佛传故事/佛傳故事)?
Usage of 我的太太 or 我太太
Why 批 means "criticize" and "a batch" at the same time?
Frequency of hanzi by use in Chinese words
Essay "link" in chinese?
Looking for a legit place for Classical Chinese grammar rules
Are 得到 and 接受 similar?
Translate Zimbabwe to Chinese: 辛巴威 or 津巴布韦?
NYC's death certificate: "as no inquiry as to the facts has been provided by law."
Enigma of 討厭. Why does it mean "to hate"?
What comes after 不愁 is it negative or positive?
How do you use - 我还是做一枚安静的N 吧
How to use 以 in Literary Chinese?
Rule: tone sandhi in topolectical dictionaries
What's the difference between 生态环境观 and 生态伦理观？
Do people still use 炒冷饭？
What does 已出口直封 mean?
Chinese grammar: type of word that is not a part of syntax analysis
What does "不等“ add in 从A到B不等?
Mandarin Chinese Most Frequent 1000 First Names (中国最常用的1000个名字)
Is Regulated Verse Used In Modern-Language Poetry?
Word order in a sentence with 跟 and 在
Pronunciation of 站
Can I communicate without changing tones?
"She" (她) for inanimate objects in Chinese(?)
Beginner learning Cantonese: Start with reading/writing or with speaking?
Would it be incorrect to not include 儿 here?
How to pronounce 廿卅卌 in Chinese?
Why don't Cantonese speakers write their own language?
Rule: erhua (儿化) in topolectical dictionaries
Question about the use of 中 (first or fourth tone)?
Usage: Spaces in Chinese
Best way to express a change of subjects in a succession of events
Idiomatic translation of "passive aggressive"
Why is "感恩" frequently used as a verb?
Friend was given a guitar with what looks like Chinese handwriting on it
What are the etymologies of 局 and 局面?
What is the difference between 诡异 and 奇诡?
What is the correct sentence structure in pinyin?
Are there any online dictionaries that supply IPA transcriptions for Mandarin?
Are there any online dictionaries that supply IPA transcriptions for Cantonese?
How does '一勿' Compound to mean sundial?
Meaning and etymology of the expression “棒棒的！”
Is this a real Chinese Proverb? (Pumpkins and Time Management)
What's the Difference Between 吹风 and 刮风?
What professions can be uncle & aunty-ized?
Phone provider Plenti -> Router write 汥湴槿
Is there an online program that can type pinyin for traditional Chinese?
What professions can be called 师傅?
Difference between 决策 and 决定
How to ask a simple maths / arithmetic question
What is the difference between 经营模式vs。商业模式
Do you add "在“ before saying "___年“？
What is the missing word
How to translate 债权 and 债权转让 into English?
Is there a proverb that means something like an enemy's best tactic is to hide himself?
Proper translation for the exotic pets
Meaning of this sentence: 我几个月后再来
Wrong or merely redundant use of 们?
what does this sentece means 你是边度人?
Help me with correcting the structure of this sentence
The meaning of 拿 in this sentence
How to say " have fun ! " or " enjoy ! "
Similarities between connectives 就 and 而?
What is the story or reason of how 龙 came from 龍?
Are the characters for sleep and feel the same?
Difference between 还 and 又
What's the difference between “睡不着” and "没睡着“？
也 和 并 与 及 跟 而 同 difference?
I want to purchase this jacket for my son but it has this symbol on it. Can you help? I have a picture!
what is the of exact original/source text of "Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated"
hanzis used on their own, hanzis exclusively used in words
Getting my eyebrows done = 修眉 (xiū méi); how do I use this?
Opening a Mahjong business. Does 熬云 sound like a business name? Have no idea what a normal Chinese business name sounds like
Use of complement 到
Well-known Synonym: 打墙也是动土
Is there any relation between the Cyrillic Ш (sha) and the Chinese 山 (shān)?
translate "percent" in chinese 百分之 or 百分比?
What's the percentage of simplified characters in the most common characters?
How do you say "It was added a language menu."?
Sentence structure
Historical Question, Possible Wade-Giles, Sichuan river name
出于考虑 vs。 基于考虑 。 Do Taiwanese say 基于？
Why can't I say "我的腰不好”
双刃剑 vs。 两面刀 which is used more often?
Question about use of 不比
How do I say "share with me" in Chinese?
Word for developing and refining a product: Choppa - dowa?
Meaning of text on a picture
Why is Sherlock Holmes translated as "福尔摩斯" (Fuermosi)?
Tao Yuanming Poem
How to determine what 即 means in a sentence
Meaning of 则 in 欲速则不达？
Artist seal and meaning
Bare verbs meaning and 了
i want to know what i say in text is correct
Are Chinese symbols built from more elementary symbols or forms?
Need help in translation. Problems with 了. Again :)
What does this announcer say after the words 改变？
How to write characters containing the ǚ pinyin symbol in most common Chinese Input Methods?
How to distinguish between 吧 and 嘛, 罢 and 嘛
Why are there four ways of writing 黄?
I'd like to know any resource to check the Measure Word for a given word
Cantonese and Thai similarities
Unclear expression in Pimsleur 3 "here is a small gift"
What do these kanji mean: 吉庆有余
How to express gratitude as a house guest?
What Chinese language(s) have pronunciation ㄍ丨(romanization: gi)
What does 你找我有事吗 mean?
Use of the word BOTH in Chinese.
沒地X, what is the third character?
When does an adjective end in hu1 (乎)?
Is the Cantonese diminutive (粒) the same as the Mandarin (子)?
Meaning of the kanji 目娱乐节今日?
What's the meaning of "神" in "神经"?
What is the difference between 几乎 and 差点儿?
Is there a grammar rule for using 的 in this snippet 但是有意思的是?
Punctuation - 書名號 in writing a title and chapter of a documentation
How do you say "we don't have any common interests"?
The character 双 in the dish name 炒双冬。
Pronunciation of 一 in 一边
Ancient and modern Chinese honorifics
Breaking a single line Chinese sentence into multiple lines for design purpose
Where can I find a dataset for Chinese characters to back an app I want to write?
Neng [能] vs Ke yi [可以]
How can I change the icon used for a keyboard input type in Mac
Starting a sentence with "actually..."
Glyph origin or any mnemonic for 況 and 状?
Using 当然 as an exclamation?
How to express "I think" (not I feel)
准备过奖黑板政治生物历史脑 in English please?
Does this sentence sound awkward?
Why is 走 distinguished from 辵?
How do I type in a Chinese character that I don't know how to pronounce?
How do say "less" when modifying a noun?
Is there a chart of all possible Chinese syllables using Hanzi?
What's the meaning of 登假 in old daoist scriptures like Zhuang Zi?
Learning resources for Minjiang dialect (岷江话)?
Where can I find a good resource for writing work-related emails in Chinese?
Should Pinyin be written as it is (collectively) pronounced or in terms of the individual syllables?
Pronunciation of 这 (ze4 or zen4?) in 天气这么好
"like" and "to be like" in Mandarin
Can anyone suggest glyph origin of 施?
When can I say "说差了"?
What does "被续了" mean?
Recovery; difference between 恢复 and 康复
what's the better translation of "you're out"?
智渊别伤心爱兰可以帮你。 我们一起学习吧 in English please?
Connotations of different "to give"
What distinguishes modern poetry from prose?
Difference from 趁着 and 就
Does watching Chinese movies help in learning Mandarin?
Back to back tones for single character ˩˧ ˧˩?
Sentence Structure for past tense
婴儿、儿童、少年、成年 and other words related to age
When is the 把 construction forbidden?
Sort by date translations?
How are the Kanji in this Dictionary Ordered?
What is the term for these piles of tiles on top of a roof?
Verbs to indicate animals walking?
how to refer to beginning/middle/end in Mandarin?
Who can explain me how to use "就"?
Can someone please translate my picture to English! thank you!
What is the origin of the character 对/對?
How to use “ 难道 ” in Chinese sentences?
What does 劲抽 mean?
Where did the phrase, 太牛了 come from?
can I say "我们这个学期学过的课比上个学期多十课”？
How to translate "inclusive" and "exclusive"?
Why does this phrase use 似的 instead of 似地？
Why are traditional and simplified different in such small manner?
"to slice or cut (a finger)" in Traditional Chinese / Spoken Cantonese?
Asking the Parents of Small Children to be Quiet in Public Areas
Explain the phrase "都不嫌多"
How do I translate 'do well on your test' into Chinese?
Is there any compilation/resources/dictionaries on the transformations of how simplified characters came to be?
How can I ask, "Will this email address be removed from this mail group?"
Has anybody heard of 嵌套结构(nested structure)? The dictionary I use lists 中 as it instead of 单一结构
which one is correct and why "我看书看很长时间” or "我很长时间看书”
Classical Chinese grammar help: 蓋將自其變者而觀之，則天地曾不能以一瞬
Derogatory usage of 靈 in old Chinese?
A unified theory of 就 meaning
How can I say “there was already a lot of salt in the meat”?
Would Like to learn Chinese Language
What does this translate to? ㄨㄞ
Spoken Cantonese | using '緊', and difference between continuous and progressive aspects
Is there any printed or handwritten precursor to this 门 (door, gate) glyph?
Complicated that-clauses
Confused with the use of 的 with respect to '住在上海旁边的一个小村子里’
A more direct translation for "I [verb] [x] more than [y]"
How do I say "least" in the superlative sense in Mandarin?
zh sound with a flat tongue?
Do native speakers think about compound words as "东西"?
Why is Russia translated to 俄罗斯(E Luo Si)?
Chinese for "rebirth"
砲響: were there cannons in ancient China?
What is "Black tie optional" in Chinese
The phrase "Brush Stroke Order"
how to say "learn" without involving studying?
what does this symbol mean in chinese?
Why is 是 in this sentence?
How to say "One of these" and three other mini phrases?
"May you live in interesting times"
My Chinese Story, need correction, any suggestion?
Stroke order of 㠭
如果真的有 what does this mean?
Is this usage of 不 before a noun acceptable?
没有人不喜欢自己的。 what does 的 imply here?
What does 她是笨蛋的学生 mean?
Chinese given names with 3 or more characters?
Difference between 生活 and 生命
Difference between 借 and 贷
Are these greens 苦木？
What is the difference between 钱 and 金钱 (and 款)?
What is the difference between 交易就告成立. and 交易即告成立.?
How to translate "顾方略何如耳，不至学古兵法“?
Where is the right place of the 的 in this sentence
What's the difference between this 的and this 得 when it comes to meaning in the following sentences
How to pronounce multiple consecutive third tones in a sentence
What is the difference between 阅读, 读, and 看?
Is 创业者 the best translation of entrepreneur as somebody who is trying to run a startup?
Why 文以載道 but 以文會友?
Translation of "繟"
Why do some Chinese characters for animals not use the radical 犭?
Should 屋 and 居 use radical 户 instead of 尸?
Why so many variations for traditional 只 zhǐ (衹/祇/秖/隻)?
Word that I kept hearing at the end of a sentence
Translating song lyrics: SHE Starlight 2 verses
Is Chinese really that ambigous in oral communication?
Why there is 份 in 身份?
Distinction between 水果 and 果?
Does the word 酱 in 酱香 refer to 醬油?
爱、采 ( A trivalent verb takes 2 objects )
What percentage of Chinese words are 1-character ? ... 2-character?
What is the difference between 退欧 and 脱欧?
How many peaches in 桃是水果?
"我被他当做(了)自己的儿子。" 干爹 gāndiē or 教父 jiàofù?
Is 医好了 outdated in favour of 治好了?
How to express 踏实 accurately?
Recommended methods and resources to prepare for the listening part of HSK4
"I am good" in Chinese
Does a Chinese character almost-always represent a word?
Is this sentence grammatically correct?
，如禮何？，如樂何？= rituals according to what?
Chinese Stack Exchange Computer
Sentence using 是……的 vs sentence using 很
Boundary-shifting wordplay (or mishearing) in Chinese?
Modern words to compliment a beautiful woman/girl beauty
Which proverb / expression is original? -- 爱及屋乌, 爱乌及屋, 爱屋及乌
In mathematics, how to express "两者不能同时成立"?
When 了 has the same verb before and after it, is it reduplication combined with 了1?
A few lines from 明日你是誰
How to ask how much shipping is
Does anyone know the source of this proverb?
Is 谑 (xue4) occassionally used in modern Chinese?
Good Transliteration of the name "Chloe"
Translation: 学理解释
Is there a more colloquial way of saying “vegan” than “纯素食者”?
How to start the sentence with "or" in Chinese?
Are Chinese people aware of the difficulty of their writing system?
How do you enter a half comma (顿号, dùnhào) with Google Pinyin IME and a French keyboard
Are things ever dialect checked?
Differences between 增加 and 增长
Are the two pronunciations of 谁 (shéi / shuí) the result of regional differences?
If you have vs if you had
Meaning of menghe
What is the best translation for 会说?
What languages have been approved by SARFT for use?
Comprehension of untoned speech in Cantonese
Western grammatical influence on vernacular Chinese in the 20th century
Translation for "Woodlouse"
Different ways to phrase “生活的發現”
How to pronounce 绿林?
Where to put the adjective when asking for something that comes in multiple sizes?
Media Source for "Natural" Sounding Mandarin Chinese
How do I say "convince (someone) that (something)"?
Meaning of the name Didi Chuxing/滴滴出行？
Meaning of 有輪有得
Is there any other language intelligible to Mandarin Chinese speakers?
Original phrase: You’ll earn less building rockets than you’ll earn selling eggs
Handwriting Certain Radicals
Proverbs and saying for not achieving a specific situation (or objective)?
Verb used to deny age
Why are measure words sometimes omitted?
Translation: Feng Guifen's comments on English (1861)
What is the purpose of the 賣 (卖) component in the character 讀 (读)?
What's this vegetable in Taiwan called?
Why would the name of the 慈祐宮 temple in Taipei sometimes be written "Cinyou" instead of "Ciyou"?
What is the third character on this sign seen in Taipei?
Is this a rare/variant character, or not really a Chinese character?
Too many synonyms. How do I know which words are too formal/informal?
Does "女朋友" work for older couples?
How do I join more than one adjective together?
Quenching thirst by thinking about plums
What's the tone on 河南话's 中 (as in: very good)
How do I say "It doesn't matter if..."
How well-known is the expression 杯弓蛇影?
What's the difference between 集中 and 专心
What are the rules for this grammatical construction: 我去听他的演讲去晚了
Which verbs DO NOT go with 了 and or 过?
如果做这样，他要看不懂。 what does this mean?
Site/ Method for Watching TV Programs with Simultaneous English/Chinese Subs
Example cases with 了
How do you say 'I hope you got to know a little more about me'
How would you translate "one minute of this film is two minutes too much"?
Ahjumma in Chinese
How to pronounce the Mandarin third tone
How to express [Adjective + enough] or [Adverb + enough]
How to write " moving on" in traditional Chinese?
Alternatives to 自圆其说, but for self-justification
成语 versus 俗语 versus 谚语, what is the difference?
Character name help (beautiful?)
What is the difference between 向来, 一直, and 总是?
Is the following sentence grammatically correct?
What does the phrase “花钱买气受“mean？
What does 也 mean in this sentence?
How do you say "Welcome to English", as in welcome to English class?
What is the difference between putting 今天 before or after the subject?
What is the function and/or meaning of the 2 '以‘ in this phrase?
synonyms/phrases/poems related to: 情深恭敬少
Has 朅 (qiè) ever been commonly used for 去 'to go'
来不及爱你 Too late to love you
What is the difference between these two sentences?
Need a Chinese/English technology translation website 请求汉英电脑技术词典的网站
交流，交际，沟通: whats the difference?
What does 解压密码233（19个3）mean?
What characters belong together as words in this sentence?
how to say Relationship chemistry
What are some well-known "magic" terms, phrases, or incantations in Chinese?
I wonder is there a Mandarin term for " jump the shark"
Difference between duìbùqǐ and duìbuqǐ
Does anyone have a list of SCUBA diving related terms in Chinese?
What's the Mandarin equivalent of 埋 in Cantonese?
Can I just translate 犯 as often?
What is this 会 doing in this sentence?
Does this letter to our adopted Grandmother make sense?
Is 請 also mean "to treat" in Mandarin?
Which word to use for "day" when talking about lengths of time?
Categories in Chinese literature - Original terms
Where does the word 完美 come from?
Are there any original sources documenting the simplification process?
Localization between Mainland China's 姑娘 and Taiwan's 小姐
Looking for Pinyin/Traditional Characters eBooks
What are some good Chinese short books/novels for beginners?
API for transliterating a traditional character (writing the pinyin)?
blood wall translation
Would it be appropriate to translate a Chinese New Year Greeting(s)
雷 vs 雷聲 vs 雷鳴 for "thunder", which is most common?
Difference between these two phrases for "Killing two birds with one stone": 一箭双雕 vs. 一石二鸟
How do say toilet paper in Chinese?
Implications of pointedly avoiding 了
What is the correct usage of 犯險?
Understanding 年頭 in context
What was the idea behind simplification, given 行書 existed?
你给我死 - what emotion does this convey, typically?
When/where are chopsticks referred to as 箸子
What does this phrase mean 给你操床头柜里去
What is the origin of the character "糬" seeminly only used in "麻糬" to translate a Japanese word which doesn't use either character?
Does 芋頭 have a different pronunciation in Taiwan Mandarin vs Mainland?
What does 还要 mean in this sentence? "释然啊，你现在心里在想什么，我恐怕比你还要清楚。"
What is the meaning of "一把把" on "他更是一把把她的书包给枪了过去“？
Difference between 冲昏 and 抓狂?
Origin of Chinese Parable: Devils and Righteous Man
Is there an authoritative list of most frequent to most infrequent pronunciations for individual Chinese characters?
Can someone please clarify the different sentence structures I can use "下去" in?
怎么不 VERB (why didn't/haven't VERB)
Explanation of location 一般
Meaning of 嫑 and its middle radical
Chinese verb 'to become'
What is this de 地 or deyu 地与 doing in this sentence?
What is the meaning “这是后话”?
What is the difference sound between zi and ze?
What are some more detailed dictionaries?
What is the meaning of 赶上 in this sentence?
sentence structure when talking about weather
Phrase said thirty seconds to mars from yesterday
What is the meaning of 一不留神 in this sentence?
Can 有 be used to form present perfect tense?
I'm currently walking (mostly) around Taiwan. When telling locals this, which of the many words for "walk" is the best to use?
How was 辣 used before the Columbian Exchange?
How would one say: "You should be ashamed of yourself." in Mandarin and Cantonese?
How do I say "Why not both" in Mandarin?
Do all 汉字 components (radicals and non-radicals) have names?
What do the character components in 旅 and 派 represent?
What does "his laughter usually at his own expense" mean in Chinese?
Is this 肠 a mistaken character?
What does peeling shrimps mean in Chinese?
(女 vs 女): Unicode points U+5973 vs U+F981
What's the meaning of this ideogram?
Is the potholing term for 天坑 sinkhole?
For the character/word 煎, which of the English words "braise", "pan fry", "sauté" are the best way to think of it?
How to translate「暗戀」to English?
Why does 千秋 mean a swing?
How to explain usage of 照得上 站得下
What's the meaning of 擦脸?
What is the difference between 喝 and 饮?
Is there a database/application that sorts characters based on pronunciation, radical, frequency; and disyllabic compound words by frequency?
Why use 甩 twice?
Is there a better word than 生存 for uses such as "I survived the typhoon"?
What is the origin of 洋罪?
How to catch up with advanced group?
Word choice between 推舉 , 推選 , 薦舉
What is the sense/meaning of this 着？
What is a better way to say the phrase 腳都軟掉?
What is the meaning of 忚 and how is it pronounced? -- (a logical argument)
poems/phrases/quotes/sayings/idioms/stories/allegories: evil vs. good
Where to look for history and etymology of Chinese characters? For example 工
What does 之为 mean?
"Disgusting" as the Chinese would say it
To what does 身体的反应能力 refer here?
Is this dictionary Chinese, Japanese or both?
meaning of the uninstallation sentence?
What's the difference between 周 and 星期?
Meaning of characters in 休戚相关, 患难与共
How to translate 'Market Access' into Chinese?
Should I use "闷声发大财" or "闷声大发财"？
What is this “XX” 開 “#” “上/平/入/去” “XX” method for describing character pronunciation?
What does the following phrase mean “士不可不弘毅, 任重而道遠”?
When searching in Chinese, why do things always come up in traditional characters?
Chinese writings on this movie plane
What does 帮忙 really mean?
Do native speakers learn about 4 tones in school or do they naturally pick them up without formal education?
Do tones change at the end of an interrogative sentence?
How to determine the part of speech tags of words succeeding 不 like these?
To live: 住 versus 居, what's the exact difference?
Meaning of 翼 in 不翼而飞
Is there a difference between 摆 and 放?
Meaning of 别 in 别开生面?
What's the difference between 也 (yě) & 和 （hé)?
Generalize consecutive third tones change rule
精益求精, how to properly interpret this classical Chinese chengyu?
What do you call a 成语 made up of three words instead of four?
Chinese IMEs - Wubi, Cangjie
What to mix 会 and 没有 to say "We won't have any problems."?
矢, how does it look like an arrow?
When might you say 借你吉言？
Three words for "test": differences?
Translation of 愿你出走多年，归来还是少年
Difference between 哥 and 哥哥
What is the meaning of 很搭?
How do you express intention (for + gerund English structure) in Chinese?
Mandarin equivalent of 返 in Cantonese? Is it 回?
ideal way and easiest method to learn Chinese
Character Identification
What's the meaning of the first part of: 他爱怎么想就怎么想，我才不在乎呢
Techniques for improving listening comprehension under background noise conditions
Reliability of HSK practice tests
What does 麻烦你了 mean?
'最终有个交代‘, '交代’ meaning
which one is a better translation and seems natural in Chinese?
Poem source and English translation - 愿无岁月可回头，且敬往事一杯酒
Is 弄 + complement of result only used for actions with a negative outcome?
Which is a better translation for the sentence "Let's make a website for remote sensing and photogrammetry real." which will be used as a slogan?
What is the meaning of 确定 in this sentence?
Meaning of 蟗
(qiū)
How to use RSUNICODE codes?
Did 李白 and 杜甫 popularize/standardize any 方言?
Cannot find Japanese kanji in Chinese dictionary
How to translate "thread" to Chinese？
When should I use 多少 or 几?
How do you address someone with their name in Chinese?
What is the polite way to say a grandparent has passed away?
The difference between simplified and traditional Chinese and how should one convert a traditional sentence into a simplified one?
How to translate "define , commit , and private beta"?
What's the meaning/reason for sudden influx in usage of English word "word" in Chinese?
What percent of the Chinese speakers can read the Latin alphabet?
袖手旁观 generalizations
Which translation is best for 'quid pro quo'?
What is this radical called? 
What is a good English translation of 相见亦无事，别后常忆君。
Types of 剧 in (modern) China?
聊天一会儿 or 聊一会儿天?
What are the most common Chinese terms for travel power adapters between different international socket and plug standards?
How to translate 'serve' in these sentences?
Is the pronoun 大家 (everybody) a subject only?
Care yields fine products
斯 vs 这 vs 此 for the meaning "this"?
What are some US Mandarin curriculum standards?
How do Chinese themselves enter characters into computer?
What is the Chinese equivalent of “to pick up a girl” or “to hit on girls”?
What is meant by 废钱？
Why do some Chinese characters look like western ones?
Please explain the meaning of the sentence
How to interpret a sentence with two clauses but no conjunction?
N and NG in Mandarin
How to improve speaking skills during "real" conversations
Is it possible to get novels written in Chinese and English on the same page to download?
What does the zhe 着 after a verb do?
Combining sentences: use of conjunctions, omission of subject and verb
Illegible embroidery
What tool allows a fast translation from Chinese that is both scaleable and exportable?
What is a non-gender specific way to specify a group of people when writing Chinese
how to say "projected numbers" in chinese (mandarin)?
Erhua and reduplication
translation of simple excel formula
Why is it incorrect to say (Someone) 想要了一 (Something)?
Help me identify this Chinese word?
In ancient China, was there an equivalent of pinyin?
Examples of "bad" simplified characters/简体字?
Lai Fa - beautiful flower?
Is there a Chinese saying similar to “Once two men share a woman, they’re brothers.”
How can I get a Mandarin teacher while living in a small town without Chinese schools/institutions?
Why is 台北 spelled Taipei, not Taibei?
What does this phrase mean in Chinese “珉，石之美玉者”?
What does the following phrase mean: 故虽有珉之雕雕,不若玉之章章——《荀子》
Can anyone recommend Chinese names that mean "a rainfall of jade"?
How to translate "it is what it is" ,etc.?
Using ＂的＂ with people
How to say "increase the food price" in Chinese?
What's the difference in use of 女, 女人 and 女子?
Impact of order of bilingual dictionary entries, dictionary searching, and input method on Chinese learning
What is the meaning of the words on the pictures
Blessed bat pun: 蝙蝠→__福
How to translate 举杯邀明月，对影成三人?
Was "jih pun"- an origin of "Japan", came from Cantonese?
How many different dialect known to exist in the Chinese language and what are they?
太... 了 (tài... le) vs 很(hěn)
What does the following phrase mean “扈江离与辟芷兮，纫秋兰以为佩.”?
Saying "thank you"
Can someone please tell me what this poem means?
Is this translation correct?
How do you say bot in chinese?
Is there any record on this specific variant of the character 選?
What is the meaning of 练 in 冬练三九？
Difference between 面包 and 列巴
不 at the end of sentence
chinese grammar, 做饺子 or 做饭饺子?
The location of my country within Europe
Differentiating the words 阿姨 親阿姨 and 姨 correctly
Is there any difference between 姨丈 and 姨夫？
What is this called?"橱"or“抽屉”？
Looking for Hakka old song about Tofu Seller
The question is about 成语－虚有其表
How would you translate the phrase "Concession Speech" in Chinese accurately?
What does "总价,以分为单位" mean?
Polysemous disyllabic words
How can you discern which meaning of 怎么 as an interrogative should be used in a sentence?
How to say: "at three different sides of the room "
Using "shì" for noun + adjective + noun
Using SHI4 for noun and adjective, exceptional rules
Could you please tell me what these characters are?
How do you say "immersion" as in "full immersion language program"?
chinese bound trisyllabic morphemes
References: north-eastern Mandarin: xier meaning 'great/awesome/excellent'
What is proper way to WRITE "knock-knock"?
The question is about 问讯
Sentence with demonstrative without explicit subject - de required?
How to determine if character can be used separetely?
Structure: X is the most Y of Z
What does this mean in English, very few words (Screenshot inside)?
character encoding, script, typeface/font
Chinese word order assistance
Please explain 要不了多久
Adverbs that don't use 地
How to say 衬托 in English?
Translation of "无论如何, 你一定要平安"
Is classifier/measure word required after demonstrative?
Are there any dictionaries that show the relative frequency of 多音字?
Difference between 肯定 and 确定
What does mean zhōngxing from ZTE in Chinese?
How to hear tones in speech better
A 理解 and 了解 comparison
一方面...另一方面 Can you use it with a positive and negative idea?
Why is latte written as "那堤" in Traditional Chinese?
What is the real original of 微妙在智，触类而长 ，玄通阴了， 巧夺造化
What is the motivation for the use of 把 or 将？
这就是台湾，这才是台湾. Cracking the 就 again
Why is there a special pronunciation of 论 just for 论语?
Hanzi pronunciation by radicals
How to understand "请勿复敢见矣"?
is 尿 still pronunced `yao` in 江西话?
Translation of clout
Does 广安话 have 翘舌音?
The question is regarding 成语－挟怨报复
What is the difference between 必须, 得, and 需要?
How do you specify past tense for 是?
What does 論 mean in 時情天意枉論量？
What are the characters in the image?
Vocab problem: 肥 vs 胖 vs 肥胖
Why can't 去 or 回来 be used with 在 or 正在 to become progressive
This 收 means what here?
Question to radical (部首)"辵"
What is 死間 in English and is there a second way in English that could describe this?
How to ask "Is it because..." questions
Is Wade-Giles "Shih" pronounced the same as Pinyin "Shi"?
How are new element names/characters decided?
The translation of 被世界遗忘的人
How to write "Everyone" in Chinese？
Reference: （彝语）杀只鸡，你死了我开心
How are ambiguous “brother” and “sister” typically translated into Chinese?
Difference between 关 and 管 in the context of caring?
Meaning and use of ideograms around "language" : 说，话，语
Understandable names of the radicals
Chinese Translation of these certificates (old hanja)
How to decide which part is a subject and which a predicate?
Translation of "Please tell me how to get to your house."?
Problem with Windows 10 Chinese Input
How do you say "this article was originally published in German?
Is 笨蛋 a derogatory word?
The difference between 送 ,带 and 捎
Meaning of 用光 in context of photography
Can you use 希望 for actions in the past?
What is the difference between 对不起, 请问, 不好意思, and 抱歉 to express "excuse me" or "sorry"?
How do you say "much better" in Mandarin?
Very frequently used word in Mandarin that sounds like "nica" or "nigah"
How old is the "你吃飽了嗎" greeting in Chinese?
Is there a dictionary of standard character variants?
How to translate "干妈","干爸/义父","干儿子/义子“?
Web Developer Vocabulary
Is there a standard for how wildcards are dealt with in dictionaries?
How is this character written: “一点一横长，二字下来口字方，两边丝绕绕，中间马大王，你也长，我也长，心字底，月字旁，打把金钩挂衣裳。”
I am confused by how time is discussed in Chinese,
Pinyin "jiu" / "you" final pronounciation difference
What's the difference between 慢慢 and 渐渐？
Yahtzee score card — what is the term for a “full house”
What is the name of the university in this seal?
Looking for 2 legal terms
Why no 的 in this sentence?
Are there any pre-modern/non-romanization examples of attempts to alphabetize Chinese?
What is this a mistranlation of?
Transliteration of Sanskrit
Can someone please translate this from Cantonese to English for me?
Radical names and stroke names
天干、地支、八卦和六十四卦 Heavenly Stems, Earthly Branches, 8 Trigrams and 64 Hexagrams
What should I consider for a one month language program?
（古文) Is ‘attract’ for 援 in 人所援也 acceptable?
What is the following label specification for M6?
Modifying nouns with phrase + 的
Meaning of a seal
认识 vs 知道 based on glyph origins
Signs for Traditional Mandarin comming back as technology grows?
Confusion between "planet" and "star" in Cantonese?
Are characters divided into meaning part and phonetic part, with no overlapping?
Can there be a danger of safety?
Internet user - 网民? 互联网用户?
How to define this usage of '以'"？
Good resource to learn scientific Chinese
How to say "One day we will meet"?
Usage of "ni men"/你们 or "you all" ?
Why is hot water called 开水?
What is the correct meaning of "孩子帶財"?
Questions about the Taiwanese mandarin accent
What does 多一些 mean?
Which Mandarin learning textbooks have the largest amount of practical exercises?
The meaning of 牛气 and 很牛
What is 棒打鸡丝拌拉皮?
Any real difference between 句子 and 句话 in Mandarin?
What is the difference between 公分and 厘米?
I would like someone to translate the writing on this plate in to english please
Pinyin of 車 in idioms
Official Pinyin of 《卜》 in 《卜姓》： "Bǒ", "Bo" or "Bǔ"?
Are idioms like 亡羊补牢 commonly used by native Mandarin speakers?
When can 叫 be used saying that someone is calling someone and when for asking a name?
Usage of 的 to refer to a generic class of things
Need help translating a few words
弟弟 denoting cousin (of younger age)?
Do the Chinese have text speak?
Where can I find a list of (acceptable) 连读 words?
How to enter 女人 with QQ pinyin?
Was Shuowen Jiezi 說文解字 originally written in the seal script 小篆?
Chinese characters picture dictionary / mnemonics?
Which characters are used to write 'a cha', a slang word for South Asians?
Various uses of 有
Measure word and vocabulary for internet posts
What kind of nuance does 呗 have?
Translate 表面風光、內裏陰乾 in English
What are the words printed on my dizi? Who is the maker of my dizi?
Yahtzee score card — sm and lg straight?
Yahtzee scorecard — well-chosen word for “chance”?
How exactly do time and "tense" work in Mandarin REALLY?
How do the Chinese address letters?
What does "你吃了吗?" mean?
Are `sh` and `x` really different phonemes, or just different realizations of the same phoneme?
What does 荠麦之茂，荠麦之有 in 《猗兰操》 mean? 韩愈《猗兰操》“荠麦之茂，荠麦之有”一句作何解释？
What is the subtle difference between 志愿, 意愿, and 心愿?
What is the meaning of 为零 here？
How to Interpret 認不真 in this sentence?
Chinese names for different types of radicals?
is this translation in Chinese of grammatical quality and flow?
How should I reply to 吃完了 (chīwánle = "finished eating") after I've finished eating?
Structure <verb> 一 <verb>
What is 越级挑战 in one English vocabulary form and if possible, also in idiom?
How to say emojis in Chinese?
Why a cat and dog share the same 'dog' radical?
"keep it real" - chinese translation
Are these chinese letterings real or fake
Airplane status - boarding delayed check in?
Practicing pronunciation via app
List of all traditional Chinese characters
What do chinese people understand by word 漫画 "manhua"?
Trying to find the meaning of this tattoo
Ancient forms of characters
Expressing translations between English and Chinese
What is the meaning of 冒 in 感冒？
Meaning and translation of: 钱米?
What is the meaning of 厚重感？
Translation: 前期编排
Can someone translate this?
How do I use "由她吧"?
What is the difference between 没有+V. and 没+V.?
How do I look up a graph in 說文通訓定聲?
Traditional alternative to 水寫布 (water-writing paper) for calligraphy practice?
What is the difference between 抽烟 (chōu yān) and 吸烟 (xī yān) which both pertain to smoking?
Colour code characters according to tone on iPhone/Android
What is the definition of 外省?
What does this text bubble mean? i believe it's kanji
position and meaning of 了 in "一...就" construction
How to form a relative clause with a 是 in it?
Why is New York called 紐約?
How to enter pinyin itself under Windows?
How is aZn written in Chinese?
Can someone identify these marks on the bottom of a blue porcelain bowl?
Could someone tell me what is 奶思 means?
What is the difference between 鸡蛋 and 鸟蛋?
What is this character used for: 夰
Insults in Chinese
Wht is the right word order?
Is 中文亲属名称 the correct translation for "Family member names in Chinese"(i.e. as in regard to one's family tree)?
What are the most accurate Chinese to English translation APIs?
Does 来 show fruit on a tree or ripening corn?
Is there a distinction between 禁止 (jìnzhǐ) and 严禁 (yánjìn), which both mean "forbid"?
What is the appropriate response to "Your Chinese is so good!"
How does "migrating birds have lost the south" fit into this song?
Where can I find 下江人's article《释四川话 (二)》from《旅行杂志》1945/7/18?
Where to write a diary in Chinese?
Difference between 兵法 vs 武術
How to look up seal script characters?
一点 or 一点儿 on HSK 1?
How do you say "She was generous with her time"?
What does 形势大好 in this situation mean
Should I use 向前 or 向后？
How does 麦 connect 烧麦 (shāomài), a kind of dumpling, with 大麦 (dàmài), 小麦 (xiǎomài), and 燕麦 (yànmài), which are types of grains?
What is the best way to say "fresh baked cookie"?
Which is the correct glyph origin of 入
Where can I find recordings of old Chinese pronunciation?
Expressing 'about' in Chinese
Why is Western punctuation used in Chinese writing?
Can someone tell me what this means, please?
Please, help me to translate these sentences
Origins and usage of '襨'
please translate this text from My Mother-In-Law from China. I don't speak any Chinese
了 usage conflict "now" vs "completion"
What is the difference between 敬仰 and 瞧得起
Is the following correct ? (sign in Chinese seen in Thailand)
could you break down the meaning of that sentence?
If the form for the character "I" (我) had been related to its meaning - how would it look?
Are Chinese and Japanese characters decomposed the same way?
Which decomposition option of the Chinese character 天 tiān ‘sky’ is correct?
I dont know answer the question, could anybody help me?
What is the difference between 店 and 馆?
How do you say "to stay" or "to visit" a business instead of a person or vacation destination?
What character could be made with these radicals?
What is this 给 doing in this sentence?
Difference between 元宵节 and 灯节？
What these means in chinese language, during uninstallation of OSTOTO hotspot?
I visited shanghai a few years ago and bought a necklace. Unfortunately, I don't remember what the necklace says. Can someone help me translate?
What is the best way to memorize Chinese characters?
What is the difference between a 民國 and a 共和国?
What are the seal characters on this white jade pendant?
What is the meaning of this 将？
How would I say "I will get laughed at"?
Chinese equivalent of "a bad apple spoils the barrel"
How are 连绵词 used in modern Chinese?
How many different types of adverbials exist in total?
In 我去北京旅行, is 北京 the object? If not, what *is* it?
What is the semantic relationship between the verbal phrases of a serial verb construction?
What distinguishes 教师 (jiàoshī) and 老师 (lǎoshī) which both mean "teacher"?
Is 视死如归 seen as "See death as returning home"(Respect to someone who died) or "Not afraid of death"(arrogance)
What other words than 奥 exist for places of reveration?
Could a Chinese person understand this?
Does Chinese character recognistion software exist?
Is there a chengyu to mean "walk with one's own legs"
Rockwell's Chinese Newspaper
Question about how to say "sounds like" "looks like" "tastes like" "smells like" "feels like (referring to touch)"?
How is it decided where 了 goes in this sentence?
Can Chinese people pronounce the tones correctly with a stuffed nose or soar throat?
Mandarin in Hunan Province
Is the following sentence correct?
How does a body with no arms mean finished? 了子
Should I use modal (语气) "了" in this sentence?
In Chinese, how can I describe someone as being cynical?
How come 星 (star) is used in 星期 (week)?
Can anyone tell me what this means please? I think it is a proverb
Simple grammar question about 讲: language placement and adverb phrase
What is the difference between 怎么 and 怎么样 ？
Use of 真的 as adverb
How to write your original (non-Chinese) and Chinese name, jointly
Reference for different looking ways of writing a character?
sentence structure: location of object after action applied to it
how do dialects deal with two seperate falling tones accents?
Which is correct when referring to stroke count: 畫 or 劃?
Is 了 a pictogram (象形字)?
二 Mandarin pronunciation vs. other dialects and Japanese
Can I rewrite this sentence using 的 or 地 instead of 得？
Chinese songs for hiking
How should I translate 认知组成？
How to state fractions with units of measurement? (e.g. 0.75 lb, 1.5 lbs, 1.75 lbs, etc.)
Need help finding the character encoding for my name
Where to find online and easy reading material in traditional Chinese
知識分子 - can it be translated as `intuitive person`?
What does 憋得通红 mean here?
What does TJ mean in the Chinese Language?
How to translate 'Computer Support Person'?
Why would topolects get described in terms of Mandarin? (声母变异、韵母变异)
Cantonese comedy cartoons
What is the difference between using the 能 and 得 potential forms?
Are 必需 and the 必須 interchangeable？
How to stylized back-to-back or consecutive western-style quote marks?
What are a few alternative ways to say "to expect"?
Does Chinese distinguish between (western) pole dancing and Chinese pole dancing? If so, how?
Is it correct to introduce yourself as "我是 name"
Placement of object with adverbial phrase
What's the difference between xuéxí 学习 and xué 学?
How to translate 之为 into English?
Are [ɚ] and [ər] interchangeable for (儿化) er-hua?
What is the role of '之' in '為之' ? As in "未經許可而出口黃金就為之犯罪"
What are some ways I can learn Chinese characters effectively?
汉 as "person who …"
What's the glyph origin of 妖?
Typing ü on a pc
Confusions with third-tone reading
Has Unicode included these Classical Chinese characters?
Pronunciation of 要
Did Mandarin Pinyin `chiang` used to exist?
What are the common tennis terms in Chinese?
How is this commode style toilet seat called in Chinese?
How to use the expression 一個上年
What does 就 mean in this sentence?
Three ways to say "I danced for three hours".
In this sentence what is 辉煌 describing?
Wu dialect children's learning materials
A strange short sentence with 就
Why is the penis, a male organ, "阴茎"?
What does it say on this coin?
How can I say "I think the Eastern culture is much wiser than Western culture"?
The interpretation of a sentence in the Qieyun (切韵) preface
Using 得 without single character verbs
图片 and 照片: are they interchangeable?
Can someone help me translate this Chinese on the jade stone?
What is the meaning of 让?
phrase request: complexity of interpersonal relationships
Is there a word for "shadow"?
In these 2 sentences does 得 have the same function?
Where did "Chinchew" come from?
How do we answer to offensive phrases like 你 妈 bi?
Can I say 爸, or do I have to say 爸爸?
Can you please help me identify this type of tea?
Why can a Chinese person have a nickname as 啊+surname?
Where can I find "A Course of Lessons in Spoken Mandarin" ( 《华英联珠分类集成》)?
Why Romatzyh and not Luomatzyh
How to say "at the start of the year" in this context?
What are the differences between 报名，登记，挂号？
How is "戚" Being Used as a Standalone Verb to Mean "Feel"?
How to name these cones to mark a field for sport activities?
How to use / translate "as well as" in next sentences?
How to express words variants in Chinese?
What are the different words for "and" that can be used in a list and how do they differ?
How do I get the enumeration comma (、) in Google input tools?
Can I use 告诉 to quote what someone has said? Please help!
How do waves relate to this?
What is the 行 in 行有餘力？
Why can't 了 be used to indicate a completed action that has yet to come?
Asian ornate bakelite? bowl that is prob 20th century
Got a strange email
跟您请教一个字(Do you know this Chinese word?)
Meaning of 的 in 我买了一些吃的。
What is the meaning of this expression (落了下乘)?
Standard tone for 面 (mian4 or mian5) when used in words like 后面, 前面, 对面?
Use of 的 in this sentence
老氏讀易得間 Help me understand this, not homework
How to use correctly 只要?
Any formula for final sentences in 長爪梵志請問經 (Dirghanakha-sutra)?
How do Chinese speakers convey emotions by speech?
Could you please explain me a difference
Is it necessary to use 在？
How to say 上蹿下跳 in English?
Is this Chinese and what is the meaning: 阿ㄘㄟˊ
Talking future tense: 将，要，将要， 会， 将会
Chinese ellipsis marks
Are there characters in which the radicals are the same but the position changes the meaning?
Meaning of these characters
Is there Netflix-like service in China that lets you see Chinese dramas with subtitles for the learning purpose?
Do 朋 and 友 differ in meaning?
Help with a better translation for 展示着它罕见和珍稀。
What is the meaning of the expression 丘壑凛凛?
how can I translate 翳红?
Why Chinese use too many 错别字?
I Want to Switch Baidu to Pinyin from Simplified
What is "Tao of Jeet Kune Do" known as in Cantonese?
How to say that you were accepted/rejected from a college in Mandarin?
How to interpret 尽一份责任？
What is the meaning of 㫬 in the given sentence?
Books/websites for learning Chinese business letters
Polite noun to refer to a colleague who is departing a company?
What's this "O<" (capital O and subscript less-than sign) Sinological IPA transcription?
What is the meaning of 立体 here？
Learning Chinese and Korean
How to say network but not internet
Use of 比如 to answer a question.
How to say "it is actually something that does something"?
Use of 还 in reference to "on top of that, also"
吃 and 食 difference
What's the difference between 好 and 完？
What is the correct way to say "-shaped"?
How does one express frequency in Chinese?
Is Southwestern Mandarin different from Mandarin?
Is 爱 limited to people?
Is "Big Nose" really used for Westerners?
Can someone walk me through 其餘又何論矣?
What's the opposite of 儿化？非儿化？
When do you use 所有， 全部， 整个, 完整?
What is the translation express (adjective meaning fast) in Chinese?
揠苗助长 or 拔苗助长 ? Which one is correct?
What is the connotation for gay蜜 and 闺蜜?
Why is the phrase 我與父親不相見已二年餘了 correct?
Poetry that deals with wanting to be rescued?
How you say 捅人牛 in Hokkien?
Is there a 成语 that means something like "Little dogs always bark the loudest"?
Please critique my short story
What does 三人行，必有我师 mean?
Question about the usage of 是---的 in Chinese Bible translation
What does 春德东更 mean and in what language?
What does 防海固圉 mean?
Why does Chinese sometimes put 儿 after verbs and nouns?
Elements of a business tag
What is the precise meaning of 還虧空？
Chinese traditional singing
How do you translate "could have been" sentences?
What does this name mean in Chinese?
Questions about a website: 作文把
Fridge and Freezer Beyond 冰箱
Narrow fonts for Chinese characters?
"Eh?!" in Chinese and How Native Speakers React to It
What does 己所不欲, 勿施于人 mean?
How do you say "cupcake"?
Recommended free conversation based lessons / materials?
Difference between 顾客, 客, 客户 and 客人
Pronunciation of Tang Dynasty Poetry
How to ask "anybody/anyone/somebody/someone" questions in Chinese?
What does 装卸 mean here?
How to use nouns as adjectives?
Is Cantonese a better choice in looking for characters in rime dictionary (韻書)?
What are the common words for "clean" "dirty" "tidy" and "untidy"?
Is Cantonese a better choice in studying classic of poetry (詩經)?
What is the 平仄 rule in 無情對
Does a good OCR of "Western Mandarin, or, The spoken language of western China" by Grainger, Adam exist?
How do I say "It's alright"?
What is "singleton set" in Chinese?
Which memorization techniques are useful for remembering characters?
Help in this sentence
For 錢應該花在刀口上, 錢 and 刀口 are so different things... why associate 錢 with 刀口?
What is the best way to explain "plausible deniability" to a Mandarin speaker
Usage of 行 as "walk" in Literary Chinese
Usage of 是 in 自以爲是
Structure of phrase: 當為汝說無為法，及無為道跡。
ID the Artists signature
This string of characters: 如力士屈申臂頃
Can someone translate me this to english?
What does 虚怀若谷 mean?
Southwestern Mandarin: what does 欛新床/铺新床/压床 imply?
Could someone translate this poster for me?
Is the rendering of 相 into English as "mutual(ly)" sensible?
How serious is 折杀 today?
Is there a generic way to say "weekday" without the concept of "work/business/school day"?
Which of 不谢 and 不用谢 is correct?
What does 風雲 mean?
Is it correct to say 人在中国喜欢乒乓球比踢足球, 但是人在美国喜欢踢足球比乒乓球?
Why did they write "这是人的智慧" here?
What does 33天 mean?
What is the difference between 讲课 and 演讲?
Word that sounds like dumpou or trumpou
What's the difference between voiced and "unaspirated" consonants and how can I check if I got it correct?
What is the difference between 怀疑 and 疑惑?
How are the two versions of 別 / 别 used?
Why 天 is chosen for counting days instead of 日 in Mandarin?
Is it proper to say “她给我帮助”？
Is phrase 他活说得好快 grammatical?
What is a 四副做汤的银模子?
When does 给 object come before a verb, and when does it come after?
什么人 vs. 谁 usages？
What is the difference between 赞成 and 赞同?
Grammar behind “你的脑子进水了”。
Difference between 晃, 摇, 抖, 荡, 摆, 挥, 颤 and 滚
What is the difference between 连续， 陆续， 接连， and 一连？
What does 相逢是首歌 mean?
What is the difference between 紧迫 and 急迫？
Words and phrases related magic(like in fantasy movies&MMO games)
Alternative translations of ‘狗长尾巴尖儿’ et al
Does Chinese have a saying about Cantonese people eating almost anything?
What is the difference between 缩减 and 削减？
Translating the shortcomings of a primary school student
出生 vs. 出世 differences?
Does this placement of 已經 alter the meaning?
Translating the two meanings of 好自为之
疯狂的 "crazy" meaning "unconventional"?
To add or not to add adjective after 一樣。
臀部，屁股和腚： When to use these and other words for buttocks?
What was the relationship between 诸葛亮和周瑜？
How to translate 谈情说爱 in English?
How to translate 撒娇?
Is saying hao3 ch1i ba rude?
Usage of 非不 in Middle (?) Chinese
What is 吐槽? How should I translate it?
Can someone please help translate this?
专心 VS 专注 VS 关注, with 于 in the mix
MSM equivalent of 倒...不... or 半...不... construct?
Proper use of 了 in Chinese
How to give a thinly veiled threat?
Is there a word for 1/3?
我的个娘？ Does this really just mean 'my mother!' and why?
Was 我 pronounced 'è' at some time in the past?
What's written on the pig?
What is the difference between 情势, 局势, 形势, 情形, 情况 and 状况?
The use of the particle "de"
How does 衣衫 compare to 衣服 in terms of meaning and flavour?
What does the "hào" mean in "àihào" for "hobby"?
Is the grammar of this correct?
Is 得了 the opposite of 不了？
How to express that someone is old?
What does the use of 'verb 了 verb' indicate?
"心中" as "in mind"?
What is the difference between 锋利， 尖利， 锐利， 锋锐，尖锐？
Sites with big collection of ebooks in chinese language, but western titles mostly
Need an API to convert Pinyin to Simplified Chinese characters
Female equivalent of 兄台
Do you say "别担心” or ”不担心” for "don't worry"?
TRANSLATE ASAP PLEASE
Is there an English counterpart for 陷某某于不义之地?
Poem "口占" by 區越
Who translated "deductive reasoning" into 演绎推理?
How to describe the state of a locked door
Why is 的 used in this sentence?
how to use 对此 in a sentence?
下残 in text on "Jesus-sūtra" (景教)
What does the Kanji on this t-shirt say?
A wired idea: Are there any Chinese idioms dictionary which is specific to translate a English word?
规规矩矩: 国语 vs. 普通话 (Taiwanese Mandarin vs. Mainland Mandarin)
What can 侃大山 mean？
What does "liam" mean in this song's lyrics?
when do I use 东西 instead of 件事 to express "something"
Why is 了 used in this context?
Has 碾玉觀音 been translated into English
Punctuation - Omiting part of a quote
一趟 vs 一次、is there any difference?
Can anybody tell me who this artist is?
When does evening, 晚上， begin in China?
What is more appropriate translation of "running store"?
Another inquiry about the passive 所
我很喜歡你呀 in a specific context
How to talk about identity politics in mandarin?
What is the difference between 广阔，宽阔，宽广 and 辽阔?
What is the name of this tonal marking system?
Postal cancels - city name unknown
Another unknown city - postmark -Anhui?
Pinyin chart which links to dictionary
How many stroke does Chinese Traditional Word "蕭" have?
Why does Montevideo has a specific translation in Taiwanese?
Need help! installed a virus need to uninstall it!
News video/audio with transcripts (or consistent subtitles)
Please help to translate the Chinese script from this box
What's the difference between 扣好安全带 (kòuhǎo ānquándài) and 系好安全带 (jìhǎo ānquándài), which both seem to mean "fasten seatbelt"?
What does this stamp mean?
Are both 回了 and 回来了 correct responses to 你回天津了吗 (have you returned to Tianjin)?
Does this 去 mean reduce?
Do you use 和 when listing adjectives the same way you do in english?
Is there any relationship between 田 (tián), 由 (yóu), 甲 (jiǎ), and 申 (shēn)?
What is the difference in usage between 势必， 必定 and 必然?
The Middle-earth - how to translate?
Meaning of the chinese translation of italian name Federico
Why is 面巾纸 different from 纸巾?
What are these sentences in English?
What does this symbol mean?
Difference between 小老婆 and 小老太
Question about 比之为 construction
What is the difference in usage between the pairs 依然/仍然 and 依旧/仍旧?
When is it appropriate to address someone as 老板 [laoban]?
HSK form machine readability
In Chinese culture, who should sit at the most honorable seat during meals?
What's the difference between 停车 (tíngchē) and 泊车 (bóchē), which both seem to mean "park car"?
Google Translate English to Chinese roman letters
What are people saying when I buy something using the exact change?
来 去 depending on location
How important are tones in comparison with vowels or consonants in Mandarin?
how to search words / clauses in classical / literary chinese?
How to improve knowledge base for vocal conversation in Mandarin
What is the usage of 有 here?
What is this handwritten character?
Proper translation of 妖怪?
How often is 羊肉 Goat in chinese?
What is this translation of "Journey To The West"?
What does phrase 死牢 refer to?
Learn to read online - resources
Size of vocabulary of highly educated Chinese person
How is 由此 (yóucǐ) = "herefrom" used?
How does 文科生活组团 mean "humanities life block" and is there a better translation?
What are these characters from this chopsticks packaging?
Chinese anagrams
Is there any difference between 制定, 制订 and 拟定?
Why do we have 好 in translation of "You're beautiful"?
Meaning of the headline 超流量平台
Does 出太阳时候不能吃饭 (chū tàiyáng shíhòu bùnéng chīfàn) express "I can't eat when the sun is out" appropriately?
Could someone please someone translate 舒心顺气茶
What is the correct tone for 压 in 高压电 (high voltage) and 低压电 (low voltage)?
What does this 落实 mean here?
How to specify the length of a short haircut in China?
Poem for Calligraphy Art
Is there a difference between 風景 and 風光？
What does 一票 mean here?
干父母 vs. 义父母 translation/meaning?
Can one use 过 in conjunction with 知道?
What's the state of Chinese classical texts in the mainland after Simplified Chinese (and the Cultural Revolution)?
Is there a comprehensive list of 语气词 or 语气助词? Or a place I can research more about them?
Character-component "spelling" software
What would the meaning of '之前知道' be? And '之前知道了'?
What does this symbol on my hoodie mean?
Is there a distinction between 肉夹馍 (ròujiāmó) and 馍夹肉 (mójiāròu)?
What is the difference between 欢喜 and 快乐
What exactly is meant by 光彩照人？
What does 绝 means?
Could you break down the meaning of this sentence?
Ti Pronunciation of "Di Renjie"
How can I put the understandability of classical Chinese and modern Chinese into scale?
Different terms for 'family' and 'family member'
How do I parse 天津图书馆园区馆 (tiān jīn tú shū guǎn yuán qū guǎn)?
How do I say 'excuse me'?
Is the sentence "我知道它，但是我忘了“ unnatural?
Is there *really* no native term for "stoning"?
无奈我爱你，How to use 无奈 and 有奈?
Why does the romanization Mahjong have a final H after ma?
A few questions before taking an online course
What is the difference in usage between 风光，景色 and 风景?
Time duration in question
Why is the HanYu Pinyin entry method for 亅 "jue3" instead of "jue2"?
What is the meaning of 气 in 贵族气？
Can someone please help me translate the writing on this dizi?
How to display CJK Extension F?
Question about 受 in the Lotus Sutra
What makes the Chinese think that Bollywood is best of all film industries
Best translation for: “Frequent abuse leads to restrictions”?
Is it correct to use 首都 for capital of province?
Is there a difference between 患者 and 病人?
Why it is called 没大没小?
Can 使劲 only be used for physical effort?
Would a picture of an ordinary axe be inuitively assoicated with the word 鉞 (yuè)
Is 不错 used only to mean "good" and never mean "not bad"?
Should I use 写的是"..." vs 写得是"..."?
Which pronunciation of 云 (yun) is correct?
What is the Mandarin equivalent of Cantonese's 麻麻地 (so-so)?
Meaning of 踏破铁鞋无觅处，得来全不费功夫
Is 做事 just Taiwanese, or does it have a different flavour than 工作？
Mandarin: difference between 還好 and 還可以?
What's the difference between 开放 (kāi fàng) and 开门 (kāi mén) which both mean "open"?
Is 有方 an abbreviation of 有方法？
Mandarin: when is it okay to use only 點 instead of 一點?
Significance of 門 in traditional chinese
Radical repetition in MTR station names
Why is there multiple ways to say the same thing in Chinese such as 等, 等下, 等一下?
Are people's names always pronounced the same in Mandarin?
Meaning of 他是以朋友說這番話的
Are there readings exclusive used only for people name?
Better translation for "Grateful for everything life has given me"
Zhong Shan Suit Inner Shirt Cantonese Name
What does 辛苦了 mean?
Mandarin: when do you use 那麼 vs 這麼?
What is the equivalent phrase of the figurative 'red meat' in Chinese?
What is a polite response to 《很高興認識你》？
How do you translate the phrase 'complete sentence'?
Which is more common in Mandarin: 四處 or 周圍?
How do I best translate the interjection "Entertaining!"?
How would you say "X, the Y" in Chinese?
Use of 书 or 书籍 for 'books'
Chinese(?) number, name, or symbol? 于
What's the difference between 懒惰 and 懒?
方便: a "skillful means" of translating upāya or not?
What's the etymology and significance of yuenyeung (鴛鴦)?
Etymology of 'go dutch'
What does the phrase "这才是快给我住手" mean?
Number of Characters an Average Imperial Times Scholar Knew
Translation of "we won't be able to see you"? 我们会不会看你？
Difference between 游学 and 留学
What is the difference between using 叫　and 叫做　？
What is the rule for a series of third tones?
The absence of specifying when something happens in Chinese
Result Complement
How do you say "I will have (something) in Mandarin?
Why is 蜀 composed of net (网), packag(ed) (裹) and insect (虫)?
What is the difference between the two characters of 自己?
How to say "trash talking"?
Why is Mainland China referred to as "大陸" (大陸)?
Why do Malaysians have Cantonese surnames?
Objects with potential complements
Difference between 着 正在　and 把
What motivates the use of 把 in Chinese?
Website about talk /speech in Chinese
What is the difference between 把 吧 and 巴?
The Radical 辶 (Chuo)
How does 非机动车 (fēijīdòngchē) mean "bicycle"?
What are five most useful or common Chengyu phrases in the workplace?
About pronunciation of 大家
Should the object always be placed after the verb, and is a target and an object the same thing?
Meaning of 这道题其他很容易
When do you use 知道 vs 認識 when discussing when you know someone or some thing?
Interpreting the Grammar of 用你給我的翅膀飛
Is there a list of characters that have multiple sounds?
What does 马大碗 (mǎdàwǎn) = "horse big bowl" mean in 马大碗拉面?
Characters for ben1 ben1 meaning 围巾 or 围嘴?
Does the word '攬' in Mandarin carry the meaning of "to loop ~ around"?
Difference between 犹如 vs 有如
成语 for expressing that a couple was meant for eachother
Additional meanings of 也
中国人 vs 华人 which should I use?
What is the difference between 刚刚 and 刚才 in Mandarin?
Character with the 殳 radical
Meaning of 自己被收拾得乾淨漂亮 in context and significance of passive voice
Difference between 傍晚 and 晚上 and their etymology
Can't discern how a set of clauses function
What does the phrase '我的妈来' mean when it is used to express shock or surprise?
Why do the chinese count with 正?
Word translation
Original English Freud quote, “words and magic”
讨 at the beginning of the sentence
How did 马马虎虎 come to mean so-so?
Which is the correct grammar: 我比你更了解你自己 or 我比你更你自己了解?
What does the 光 in 时间之光 mean?
What does "有蛋黄的迎春花" mean?
Help with correct translation
Help translating "她只觉得眼前一花，就里看到一个一身锦衣的男子"
Translation into English of “交通银行”, “交通大学” and “交通职业技术学院”
Placement of characters in a simple question
How come AFC Championship become a "洲际比赛”
Are there any circumstances in which 弈 (yì) could be mistaken for 野 (yě)?
What does '一个赛一个不讲理的' means? Does the '的' in this sentence determine its meaning?
How do you explain the "祖" in "祖国"?
What is learned by analyzing the component and relationship of 牧野 in regards to The Battle of Muye?
"Whatever you can do today, don't postpone it to tomorrow"
What is the difference between 扰乱 and 捣乱?
What does "主体责任" mean?
Could you please explain what these words mean and transcribe them in Chinese script?
How Do I Write "At [descriptor], ..." in Chinese?
Particle to express pride or accomplishment / 自豪感的助词
Confusion of “首相” and "总理"
What does 为 mean here?
Is swapping words within an idiom often done in chinese language? (example: "万绿丛中一点红" to "万红丛中一点绿")
can I use （女）孩子 even if the person in question is an adult?
消费 coupled with the MW: 个
The difference between 警察 and 警方?
Etymology of 南/西/东瓜
How to negate an adjective in the past?
What is the difference between 入 and 进?
What is the colloquial/comman usage of '棒'
What does "落地" in "政策落地" mean?
Do you mind checking my grammar?
Is Google Translate image feature accurate at this?
Is 空姐 still used?
How is "床" related to these contexts?
What is the difference between 这个 and 此?
Why doesn't the Chinese language have a one character word for "young"?
Could you please explain the words in this '一边对着双桅小帆船呶呶嘴'?
What does "青年文明号" mean?
What does 融 in 融资 mean?
What is the difference between 经验 and 经历?
How is 眷顾 used in spoken Chinese?
For part 1 of HSKK高级 exam, do you really need to repeat word for word what is said in the recording?
What does 旗舰店 mean?
How do you learn and remember Chinese words or "词语"
What is the equivalent in Chinese for the English word "horny"?
Why is “Jung” translated 荣格?
Can anyone translate this Chinese text?
Can anyone explain to me what "热闹的嬉笑怒骂外加弹唱小曲" means?
How may "Donald" be rendered in Chinese?
"Seems to [...]": how to express tha indirect object?
What does 系 in 日系车 and 德系车mean?
Associating times of day with meals
What are the distinctions between 大概 and 大约？
Strange order of 國立臺灣大學?
What is the equivalent in Chinese for the phrase "get laid"?
Why is Belarus called "White Russia"?
The use of '的', please explain to me what is the difference between '自由翱翔' and '自由的翱翔'?
Irregular syllables in Mandarin—how does 二 ("èr") exist?
Where one can find example sentences with translations?
Can "东西" refer to a person instead of thing?
Is 朱日和 the homophone word of 诛日俄？
How is Analects split up in English? Chapters? Verses?
How to pronounce three third tones in a row?
Is this correct usage of the word 天资?
Which is more common in Cantonese?
What does 约谈 mean as a penalty?
Same radical/character with different pronunciation
Usage of 对峙 in colloquial Chinese.
Addressing an acquaintance as 小妹
Are subtitles (often) necessary?
What does the second "幅” mean in the following sentence?
Use of 放 in 放学 to mean school?
Tones and Pinyin, Foreigners vs Natives
Structure and Interpretation of 走得到吗？
Is the '之' in '要之何用' also regarded as a possessive article?
What does the phrase '痞痞的' mean?
What is the difference of the meaning of 挂牌 in 挂牌督办 and 挂牌上市?
What are the characters in this image and what do they mean?
Colloquial equivalent of the English: “good for you”
What does "Why is C++ used at all now that a faster language (Go) has been created?" really mean?
Ordering take-out in Taiwan 带走 vs 外帶?
What is the difference between 迟疑 犹豫 and 踌躇?
这个 and 个 Pinyin
Connotation of "May you live in interesting times"
What does the 3rd symbol on this sword label mean?
Strolling/pacing back and forth
What does the phrase 'holding in the palm of hands' in chinese mean?
What is the difference between 一切， 都 and 全部？
How can I use 其 properly?
Could someone please help explain to me what '收尸' means?
What is the difference between 蟹 and 螃蟹?
Why is 西藏 Tibet but not Xizang in English as are other names of place in China?
Is there an English name for 过家家?
Does the word '铬' have other meaning besides chromium/chrome?
Help understanding song titled 天嫁
How to say this joke in Chinese
Why does Gu Hongming translate 弟 as "be a good citizen" (做个好公民)?
Min Nan expressions: spelling, meaning and pronunciation?
What does 没门 mean?
What is the difference between 这类 and 这种?
What does 前方高能 mean?
What is the difference between 诚意 and 诚信?
The secret sauce
The origin of 水母
What is the difference between Chinese simplified and Chinese traditional?
What does this '这样真的容易累成胖子' means?
On average, how literate in Mandarin are overseas Chinese?
What does the phrase "说不好比起~" mean?
The difference between 路 and 道?
What does 上纲上线 mean?
Can anyone help me see which translation is correct? Is '了' needed in this sentence?
Difference between 等待 and 等到
Is 外地人 a derogatory word?
What do 切入点 and 突破口 mean?
Essays in school
Where can I find a Chinese common phrase database?
Is there a distinction between 空港 (kōnggǎng) and 机场 (jīchǎng) which both mean airport?
Why is the boss called 老板?
What does having disposition of 护短 means?
Radicals vs glyph origins (specifically for character 肚 in 肚 子)
What's this chinese symbol mean?
乐谱 Chinese music tablature
what's origin of the Chinese character for time?
Proper form for "I would like to..."
What is a '翠烟衫'?
Why are mussels called 淡菜
Hakka song: problem translating a bit
我昨天去的图书馆: "The library I went to yesterday" or "I went to the library yesterday"?
Does 石 have two dissimilar pronunciations?
Help with translation
What is the usage of 所 here?
What response is expected to Chinese people's "Have you eaten?"?
What does 即 mean in this sentence?
Question about Chinese hip-hop song
What is 前源? If not the 'spring ahead'?
What is the idea behind creation of a compound word - 处决?
What verb is the 捏 in the Min sentence 将你捏絚絚?
Do '之后' and '后位' have the same meaning?
"Do what you can": Is 做可做的 natural?
How to translate the phrase 利而物利章 in context?
Difference between 妖魔 and 妖怪
Interpretation of Embedded Questions as Relative Clauses
The correct meaning for '要多讽刺就有多讽刺'
What does 放 mean in the following contexts?
What is the Chinese term for a DGEN or Degen Gambler
How is it decided as to which character is used on the tech terminology?
how to translate "何如" in 呂氏春秋?
Is there a difference between 买 (mǎi), 购 (gòu), and 购买 (gòumǎi) which mean "to buy"?
How can "binary cross-entropy" be expressed in Mandarin Chinese?
When do you need the 的 at the end of sentences?
What is the relationship 驩 required by the 大略 between husband and wife?
How do you phrase XXX number of people have Internet addiction in Chinese?
Is 拿 only used to take "thing" and not "person"?
What's the best way to phrase "没事是......做什么?" in english?
Radical choice for 安全
Why is 見 replaced with 见 from simplified to traditional Chinese?
Why is 挺 used in the following sentence?
Difference between 语言 and 言语?
Help checking the correct meaning of '遐想连篇'
What does '麦上' mean in 小蛮腰 song?
Can I omit certain words if it is understood what I am talking about?
A reputation for something
Turning tables in restaurants
Help translating 块子 and 还看到了小时候才看到“块子”
How to say "backup (option)"?
What's the accurate translation for: "Please queue here for takeaways."? To be used in a restaurant?
The meaning of idiom '急火攻心'
Complete end-to-end reference guide
The abbreviation rule of a measure word
Help making a Chinese version of a Sicilian song (Si maritau Rosa)
Meaning of 说话人最可能 **是** 什么关系？
What is the meaning of 躺着躺着?
Should I use 就 in this sentence?
How does 鐘頭 come to mean hour?
Using 鸟 as a verb
exact meaning of 你自以为的极限只是别人的起点
How to say: "I have been studying Chinese for 4 years."
The order of currency name and its numerical value (i.e. 人民币五十元 vs 五十元人民币)
Teapot Mark - What Is it?
What is the meaning of 喜欢是喜欢?
What is the meaning of 凝聚人心？
Why is Oxford called 牛津?
How to translate 城隍庙 into English?
Character difference between 'buy' and 'sell'
Why must 到 be chosen in the following sentence?
Does 意思意思 have an English translation？
How to translate: have you finished doing the homework (which) our teacher gave us last week?
What is the relation between 国家主席 and 总理 in PR China?
What does the '头' in '头一次遇到' mean?
How to figure out the rhythm of new materials (poems, rhymes, etc)?
Translating a quote about Zhuge Liang
How can I tell apart which two-syllable adjective forms "ABAB" to emphasize it?
Why are there duplicates in the following words 游游泳, 化化妆, 散散步, ..., etc?
Hi, what is the meaning of what is written on the shirt?
What role does 事 play in 事不師古？
Jean Pasqualini's book Prisonnier de Mao
Is it permissible to use 个 in any nouns as a measure word?
What does 弹性 refer to in this sentence?
Does "太 + adjectival verb + 了" mean the change?
What does 三声无奈 mean?
Evaluating / Grading A Short Chinese Translation (tech writing) - 4 Versions
Why is 果子 in 煎饼果子 (jiānbǐng guǒzi)?
What is the equivalent in English for 喷子？
Can I omit 之 in 之后/之前/之内?
What is the difference between 社会主义and 共产主义？
What does the phrase "其空有名头" mean?
The difference between 选择 and 选取?
Can all adjectives be transformed into adverbs with 地?
Does "格秀拉康" have an equivalent proper noun in English?
Is 涼台 not used anymore and does it differ from 陽台？
What is the right spelling, 乌兹别克 or 乌孜别克?
Spoken unsubtitled Min in a (now deleted) Youtube video: characters?
translating in english 转发两个，会有久违的惊喜
Basic sentence: "I have lost my... (camera/keys etc"
Translations of "to try"
Problem in understanding classical Chinese sentences
Modern and ancient word choice: 昔人 vs 古人 vs 前妻
What's the format of official "online" HSK tests?
What's the difference between 顿 and 道 as a measure word for meals?
How do Chinese people call each other?
What is the difference between 中国歌, 中国之歌 and 中国的歌?
What is the equivalent in English for 情怀？
What does 套 mean here?
水平 VS 程度 in the context of language proficiency
How come the first tone in the character of 边 in the word 东边 is not written?
What is the 门 in 厦门 and 澳门？
Translation of a long phrase 但便捷的本质 并不是让你的麻烦凭空消失 而是另一个特定的群体 替你经历了
The difference between 皇帝 and 皇上
In what kind of contexts should you use 处于/处在?
Why is it suggested to "范畴论" translated with "general nonsense"?
What is "at" called when giving an email address over the phone?
Is 一 not omitted in Mandarin when it comes to measurement classifiers followed by '半'?
What is the Mandarin equivalent of Cantonese's 一係 A 一係 B?
What is the origin of the word "香蕉?"
How to say “grammatical case” in Chinese?
Translation of message from Chinese to English
Can anyone help me with the meaning of this sentence? (...以...为...)
What is the Mandarin equivalent of 唔夾 in Cantonese (i.e., not complementary)?
"Speak Greek" in Chinese
Difference of 了 and 過's usage
What distinguishes 各位 (gèwèi) from 大家 (dàjiā)?
What is 建设 in this sentence?
How are postal notifications called in Chinese?
What are 因 and 而 doing in the sentence 他因受到热烈欢迎而高兴?
What does 社会 mean in this context?
Why is 点 in 光学硕士点?
When you gotta go…
What is this 喜迎十九大 event all over the recent Chinese news?
Why are the new law students being welcomed with 允公允能 日新月异 (yǔngōngyǔnnéng rìxīnyuèyì)?
Is 羊汤 (sheep soup) an alternative word for 羊肉汤 (mutton soup)?
What reaction would you (a Mandarin/Chinese speaker) have to my Chinese name (宁春菊)?
Where to put location words in a sentence
Why is 大家们 (dàjiāmén) a thing?
What is the best way to ask a Chinese person to give / leave feedback
Are phrases of the form 我[something]去 informal or slang (or just plain incorrect)?
I can't find the equivalent for 撞衫, could you help?
What does 乐群 (lèqún) mean?
才vs 先: When to use each one in Mandarin?
Can someone please translate for me
documentation/references: 全 being pronunced `qian` in Southwestern Mandarin
Is it a pun intended here in the lyrics?
Does “Lock shat hoo-la ma sho gong um hom tak ti-wak yet gee sam see baa gow!!” mean anything?
How does 受 work in this context (on the first article)?
What does 德法兼修 mean?
What is the equivalent in English for 移步？
When should one use 报告 (bàogào) or 演讲 (yǎnjiǎng) when saying "to give a talk"?
遲 vs. 晚 in Mandarin: when to use which one?
How to say "it was nice meeting you yesterday"
Colloquialism - "I go to school by bus"
Does "6514" have a meaning?
What is the usage of 物 here?
How would I say "beauty"?
質: when to pronounce in 2nd tone or 4th (Mandarin)?
What do I say when a friend tells me about the death of a loved one?
Looking for best rendition
Meaning of 五 in this sentence
List of all verbs that accept location complements?
Mandarin: when to use 面 (mian) or 臉 (lian)?
Difference between Cantonese and Mandarin: using 係/是 to link noun with adjective?
Seeking the equivalent in English for "厚脸皮"
In the context of a video lecture/vodcast/... how to translate "I would like to talk to you about ..."
Best way to translate 见闻 in a sentence
When do I use 儿 to modify a word?
What's wrong with saying 染眉毛 (rǎn méimao) to mean "color eyebrows" when 染头发 (rǎn tóufa) means "dye hair"?
Are 这是哪 and 这是在哪 different questions?
What do 抓铁有痕 and 踏石留印 mean?
Do 跟我读 (gēn wǒ dú) and 跟我念 (gēn wǒ niàn) have the same meaning ("read with me")?
Mandarin equivalent to 而家做嘢做成點?
What does 我看 do in the sentence 我看我吃不了这么大一条鱼?
Who should be counted when responding to 你家有几口人 (nǐjiā yǒu jǐkǒurén) "how many people are there in your family"?
When is 系 pronounced xì/xi and when is it pronounced jì？
What order does the country name sort by in Chinese?
Why is 看来 in the sentence 照他的年纪看来,他显得年轻？
How did 革 get the meaning "change" 變革？
How would you say: "But only X years ago, in month Z of Year Y ..." in Taiwan
How to say "Because it was predicted that the typhoon would pass over PLACE-X on DATE-Y"?
What's the difference between 拍照 (pāizhào) and 照相 (zhàoxiàng) which both mean "to take a photo"?
How to say: "This advice/guideline was distributed via (newspaper X、Y and news agency Z)"?
Are 无期 and 无限期 same?
Translation particulars in “当你老了”
Does 溺水 only mean "to drown" in relation to water?
What does 唯物史观 mean here?
What is the real meaning of 爸爸去哪儿?
How can I write my cat's name, TK-421, in Chinese?
The wrong word order
會講國語 vs. 講國語: when to use one or the other?
What is the meaning of 大专?
Difference between 製作 and 製造?
上帝也哭泣, Cantonese version, is this bit of lyrics correct?
Some 阿-prefix Sichuanese Hakka words (阿妹, 阿姐, 阿妈, 阿孃, 阿祖) - what do they mean?
偷看一眼 sounds like "Ta kan yi yan": wrong lyrics (as happened with 一切都这么美好 which is sung as 一切都变得美好) or weird pronunciation?
What does 则 mean in this sentence?
闭上 pronounced pei-soeng in Cantonese: just Wang Jie in this song or something more?
地位 sounds like tek-ui or te-kui: singer's mistake or lyrics should be different?
Must Japanese people's name be mapped to equivalent Chinese characters?
Please translate the chinese word
The relationship of 我 and 咱们
Flexibility of word classes in Chinese
都 vs 也 in "连。。。都／也" structure
How to write "Some more prominent figures who have led the protests are ..."
What does 尽信书不如无书 mean?
The sentence structure of the following sentence
What role does 成 (chéng) play in the sentence 我把十块美元换成人民币?
How to translate a non-recreational but activism/protest "campout"?
Can I express the numbers at more than one decimal point using 成?
What does 央企 mean?
Should tone sandhi be written in pinyin?
Is it overly formal to say 南开大学 (Nánkāi Dàxué) "Nankai University" instead of its abbreviation 南大 to people at 南开大学?
Why is the word "canal" called 运河 in Chinese?
The words for "boyfriend" and "male friend" - 男朋友，男性朋友，男的朋友
How do you write “hacker” in Chinese?… (where hacker doesn't have an evil connotation)
Is there some other meaning in this sentence?
What does 狗血 mean as an adjective?
Chinese phrase for 'stripped of one's rank'
Should I pronounce “er” as [ɚ] or [aɚ̯]?
Tone Change: Why is 欢 (huan1) in 喜欢 (xi3huan0) pronounced with a neutral tone? Would you do that for all words ending in a first tone?
Is there any news website that shows English translation side-by-side?
In what contexts would someone say 她说话很刻 (tā shuōhuà hěn kè) ("she's got a sharp tongue")?
Hakka equivalent of 把
Questions about policy of taxation
Stroke practice
Hesitation noise and how to write it?
About a line in 爱拼才会赢
What does 群峰争奇 mean here?
About an extra sentence in a Min song in a CD
What is the difference between 学科 and 专业?
Is 做 necessary in the sentence 我不打算做决定 (wǒ bù dǎsuàn zuò juédìng)?
How to translate 动感强？
Is there a distinction between 我们决定早动身 and 我们决定早些出发 which mean "we decided on an early start"?
Simplified-traditional conversion; character disambiguation
Glyph origins and meaning of 敢
How many traditional chinese characters needed to know how to read a basic restaurant menu only?
Where can I find a list of Chinese language learning karaoke videos for kids or adults that have a basic conversation level?
Do more people use simplified or traditional Chinese worldwide?
What is the English original of 精致的平庸?
Translating ministerial job title
Why use 有 in this sentence?
What does 什么叫 mean?
代表你的猴山; why can it be used in this way?
How does 他对我的... work?
Is it possible for 已 to make a sentence into the future tense?
Parsing “你如此特别，如此与众不同，是那样的特别。” into words
How do I say "earlier"? (头先 in Cantonese)
Is it incorrect to answer a 是不是 question with 对 or 不对?
What is the difference between 妥善 and 妥当?
What is the tone for 少 in 老少边穷地区?
What is the meaning of 咬人猫
Is there a Chinese equivalent of the Japanese Kanji Kentei?
Mandarin: different ways of asking if someone prefers A to B
What is the meaning of 教训 here？
Is 公安 an informal expression when used in the title?
Why does "拒不" mean "to refuse to do something"?
黑 and 乌 talking about colours
What phrases in Cantonese are thought to be colloquial but are actually used in Mandarin?
What is the difference between 目前 and 现在?
Chinese Dialogue Assignment
What is the difference between 能 and 能够?
What is a comfortable English translation of 姐夫
Gaoxing (高兴) vs. Kaixin (开心)
Is it OK to use 只 (only) when it already uses 只 as a measure word?
How does 客 (kè, "customer, guest") and 气 (qì, "gas, anger") combine to give 客气 （kèqi, "polite")?
Why do you use 说明称, not either 说明 or 称?
For the HSK, what do I need to know about characters which appear differently?
What's Jackie Chan's Character's Chinese Name (in Characters) in Rush Hour?
What is the difference between zhèng and zhēng in 挣?
How to say "Exactly" in Chinese?
how many characters should i learn?
How to say "a quarter past nine" in Chinese?
Does '几个运动员应该尽到自己的努力了，' have a critical tone in this sentence?
What is the meaning of 具 in 最具魅力的市区町村?
Is the phrase order in this sentence correct?
What is the difference between 哥 and 哥哥?
How well is pinyin known in Taiwan?
How "bad" is a Taiwanese accent on the mainland?
How do you say "Thursday will be cloudy" in Chinese
Why is the Cangjie code for 海 inconsistent?
Are these chinese characters understandable?
What is the meaning of 心理 in this context?
What is the difference between 会 and 说 in a simple 吗 question?
What does 常务 mean in an official title?
What is this 倒 in this sentence?
What is the difference among many "if" words?
How to translate "雲兒" into English?
The New York Times - English-Chinese side-by-side bug? No 繁體 traditional characters in parallel mode?
Verify/Correct my Chinese complex sentence?
Why is China National Highway called "国道", instead of "国路"?
Character for dice in Cantonese
What is the difference between 降水 and 增水?
What are the radicals that make up 地?
Why is the American TV Drama "Friends" translated into 《老友记》?
what's mean of "打的"？ How to understand "的"
The grammatical component of 来 in this sentence
Phonetic pronunciation help for "秋子/Autumn Child" - Chinese trad
Is there a distinction between 怎样 (zěnyàng) and 怎么样 (zěnmeyàng)?
What is the meaning of 原湯化原食？
The difference between 比～更 and 比～多了
What does 之 mean in this sentence?
Which de to use, 的 or 得？
What does 一番 mean in 与5年前相比翻了一番?
How to translate 師資培訓授竹典禮 into English?
Why is 的 needed in 二来是更深度的了解中国文化?
What is the added benefit of using 所 in 我所认识的人?
Is this sentence correct? 打扫大客厅这么多累的啊
What does 高举旗帜 mean?
What are the words that are missing after the 的 so that the sentences make sense？
Im going to china with my friends in feburary
Min 毋免: m̄-bián only, or possibly m̄-mián?
What does the term '死人不偿命' mean?
What is the difference between 麵粉 and 麪粉?
Where do people use 来着 a lot?
What does 第四台 mean in the context of immovable property?
How can I use 这么/那么 properly?
Is the meaning of 卖 the original meaning in 卖力，卖萌，卖国，卖傻，卖弄?
What does 这是 ～ 更是 mean?
What does 个 mean in 感觉这像**个**文盲一样
When should I use "了" in “把”字句 and where should it be placed?
Are 根 (gēn) and 条 (tiáo) both measure words for 油条 (yóutiáo)?
Please help to identify the character
Is this sentence 以 ~ 为 pattern?
Which is correct, 经验非常丰富or 非常经验丰富？
What is the use of 的是?
Do you know the Chinese character which is formed by 王 on the left and 力 on the right?
Is this sentence grammatically correct? 中国的建设开始的时候，人人是不以为过环境污染的。
In Taiwanese, what can the erhwa be replaced with when it means something?
What does 金山 mean?
What is the meaning in this 兼？
What does 初期运营速度 mean when we talk about high speed railway?
Is there any university in Scandinavia where one can study Traditional Chinese (繁體字)?
Which word is correct 秒 or 妙
What's the difference between ‘谁是你？’ and ‘你是谁？’?
What is the difference between the measure words 面 vs 张
Can 奉 be attached to verbs I want to use?
What does 遍 mean in 小编遍搜多名?
Is spelling with numbers a viable option to remember tones?
What is the difference between different words of "note" - 便条，笔记，备忘录?
What does 上 mean in these lyrics?
Are these all correct ways of explaining I'm from Australia?
How to start a letter with self introduction to a friend you haven't seen for ages?
Why is it 高考那天, not 高考的天?
When did 像 become the 'proper' form for "to be like"/"to resemble"?
What is the difference beteween 并 and 和 in sentence (S. V. and V.)?
What is the meaning of 奇牛? (odd + cow)
Do characters like 司, 习, and 可 have different first strokes?
Meaning/pronuncation of 祢
Tones of Mandarin words in military drills
What is the difference between 于 and 以 to express "a certain time" or "a fixed date"?
translating the word and picture from Chinese to english
Could you correct me if I'm wrong
Are idioms affected by tone changing rules?
Word function and back translating '今天难得工作轻松些‘
Is it okay to say both 冷清清 and 冷清冷清?
Which is the proper translation for 委员会？
Chinese Listening
If I forget how to write a character during the HSK, can I copy it from the supplied exam materials?
The etymology of 便当 in Chinese
What does 膝盖 mean in this context?
Is it true that a word that consists of two adjective words has a neutral tone on the second word?
What is the full name of 中央军委?
Where should I put a neutral tone in 雪白雪白?
Is there a difference between 型態 and 形態？
Hand and Fist gesture of gratitude
"If you can't beat them, join them" 成语 or 俗语
How to say: "the water is boiling" in Taiwanese Mandarin?
How to say "I don't want you to be sad" in Taiwanese Mandarin?
Are there any chengyu or xiehouyu that only mean their literal meaning?
Is 委员会 a commission or a committee?
What does 什么每天 mean?
What is the correct word order for words 跑步 and 轻快?
How to say "season's / personal best (result in sport for athlete)" in Chinese?
"躋春臺" PDF version?
What could be the meaning of 主治陳進陽草菅人命, 插管插到死, 腎臟料 and 人命?
Would it be correct to use “它” in a sentence like this "它在外面下雪了."？
What would a non-binary tā （他／她） look like?
How should I express 太 ~ 了 in a verb?
When does 秋分后遇壬/逢壬 refer to?
How to translate 目的性？
Does saying 我今天26岁 imply it's my birthday today?
Is it OK to use the word 了 on 很 + adjective phrase, to emphasize?
Does 'chicken dinner games' refer to all battle royal type games?
Is there any difference between 重大 VS 重点 (used as adj.)?
Words that have confusing meanings in a diplomatic notice
Chinese aphorism about smile
How do I say "who" as in "I have a few friends who are in that class"?
What does 为 mean in this sentence?
Does a 不会拍照的男友 not want to be photographed or not want to take photographs?
Is it legitimate to write 男 merging the two vertical strokes?
What is the meaning of 屏幕前的你?
How to use 弄 in a sentence?
What's the difference between 表明 (biǎomíng) and 清楚地表明 (qīngchǔ dì biǎomíng)?
How to parse and translate 必须要有?
How could I correctly say "I moved here when I was eight years old"?
Any difference between 发蒙 and 上学 for children?
Some words look like English, but they are Chinese
What is 到 doing in the sentence 他可能会到地址目录中查找?
Does the convention to paraphrase a word in an article exist in Mandarin?
Where are people using the expression 過得 / 过得?
What does the sentence 多用心译 mean?
Missing someone (but not romantic)
Is there a way to respond to 你做什么工作？starting with 我做...？
What does 一样 mean in "适度的睡眠时间与合理饮食，积极运动一样"?
When is a degree required? or: hai6 vs hou2 vs gei
Is the mūdra "little tarzan" a real thing? what does it mean?
Should the second 你 in 你的身体会告诉你应该做什么 actually be 你你?
The meaning of 说不好
Cantonese special characters
English name for this musical piece?
What is the 以 in 给人以？
Why is 开 written within a 门 in this sign (without being written 開)?
Personal Pronouns and Complement of Duration
Did the name "白俄罗斯" exist in Chinese before 1991?
Is it possible to use 比如 at the end of a list of examples?
Usage and Grammar of 看我这脑子
What's the differece between 朘 (U+6718) and 脧 (U+8127)?
If a word is used in 成语, does it mean the word could stand alone in Classical times?
In a word combined with two morpheme, can I use a adjective in front of the noun?
I have problems analyzing the constituents of the following sentence: 德国人不习惯他们旁边围满了人
A Chinese-language joke where near-identical sentences have different meanings: how do I translate this and find the humor?
Why can't I use 我的 in Classical Chinese?
In 脱衣, can I put an adjective between it?
Please correct my chinese "Today is my day"
What does 这些地方 mean in this dialogue about health checks?
Does 很 actually convey a meaning of very/extremely?
What does 这一 mean in 在追求这一目标的过程中?
上[將] in 4th tone instead of 1st tone?
How to say "at first sight"?
Can I use 跳舞 into these three words?
In a set word, can't I use a complement between it?
Why use 有 in 看到有？
Is it not correct to use 逗号 (punctuation) in a place where 顿号 should be used?
How to thank someone for following you back on social media?
Simplified Chinese Stroke order animation
Using 也 (ye3) vs. 又 (you4)?
洩氣 for frustrating?
Difference among 走去 vs 走路 vs 步行?
Omitted 了 for multiple verbs in sequence
How to say "slang" in Cantonese and Mandarin?
Which one to use: 搞笑 vs. 攪笑 and 搞亂 vs 攪亂?
Difference between 商店 and 店舖?
Can the pinyin for 边 be either "biān" or "bian" in general?
Can 吃的人 mean both a person who eats something and a person who someone eats?
How to translate 周同比 into English?
Can 再说 be used in a written context?
Apple Watch has a built in response of "一个字。非常棒！". Is this correct?
Which one is correct 你说的对 or 你说得对？
Is it correct ot use 以前 in sentence with meaning of future plans 我以前打算去北京?
What to use instead of em-dash (U+2014), etc
Generating ruby markup for HTML
Difference between 岸 vs 畔?
What is wrong with my sentence 我的同屋睡觉时候想开屋门一点点?
What is the antonym of 不如?
What mental imagery does 如麻 invoke?
Why do characters for "opposites" often have very different frequencies on frequency tables?
When should "度" be used? When should "量" be used?
How do you parse 我觉得你说的是真的。
Two questions on a sentence in a Min song
Order of adjective and noun
What do 风、雅、颂 refer to in 《诗经》
Is there a reason the 月 radical occurs many times in body part names?
What is the grammar behind "上去“ in 听上去不错?
What is the difference between 没有 vs 了没有in sentence?
Does 我喜欢你上课 mean "I like your class" or something like "I like it when you go to class"?
Is my translation correct? If not, please correct me
In daily casual conversations in Mandarin are silent initials often ommitted or spoken?
Does describing a woman as 帅 (shuài; handsome) imply she is mannish?
Can you help identify the artist for these Taizong horse rubbings?
What does 而在此前 mean?
Can 谢谢 be abbreviated to a single syllable 谢?
How To Go About Learning Tangut
What's wrong with 一个年?
What is the meaning of 冲着
What does 骑在 someone's 头上 mean?
Why can't we use 什么的 ("and so on") with lists of people, and what can we use instead?
Conjunction to express extension (of area) "In Moscow and also in the whole Russia there are..."
Pronunciation of 汎 in the Analects
What's the difference between 我是老师 or 我当老师?
Informal way of saying hello?
Cantonese called white language by mainland chinese
Understanding how to use 多 properly
How to say tradeoff in Cantonese and Mandarin?
How to say throw away: 扔掉?
About the last non-repeated sentence in 爱人是行船人
Which adjective is the most suitable to express "rich" for a person?
How to identify rhymes in a Tang poem?
Why can't I write the character 台 in my pinyin input method?
Is 一日千秋 a chengyu?
Is 马克又会汉语又会日语 an error in my Chinese book? Isn't 会汉语 incorrect?
In the grammar structure 又 [adjective] 又 [adjective], is there anything wrong with combining a negative adjective with a positive one?
Mandarin equivalent of 後尾 (in the end)?
List of verbs followed by 給
Example of grammar difference between Cantonese and Mandarin?
What is the difference between colloquial and literary readings of characters?
How to say "productive" in Mandarin and Cantonese? Google Translate says 生產的
How is 天论问宪 translated in English?
What does 过得 mean in 过得比较舒服?
Does the meaning of 靓丽 change depending on how 靓 is pronounced？
Why does 写 not have a dot on top?
Proper way to say "I don't know what the problem is."
Which characters belong together in 区分开来？
What's wrong with the four highlighted parts of this foreign-written Chinese passage about campus bells?
How to phrase "If I had to choose..."?
How to say the following phrase in Mandarin?
How to write basic titles for your assignments in Chinese? (such as "[Topic] Reflection")
How does 馬 resemble a horse?
Have I understood the joke 男：我一直就很爱你啊！ 女：那不直的时候呢？ correctly?
What's the difference between 后 and 以后?
What is "god" in Chinese?
What are the original Chinese characters for the Filipino-Chinese family name Suico?
Details of TOCFL online?
Can 將 (or 将) only be used for events/actions that will take place in the near future?
Can I always write the 艹 (grass radical) with three lines only?
What does 如 in 如通常在论坛比较普遍的部分网络用语 mean?
A question about 了 and a verb 挂
What is the meaning of Confucius' 一以貫之
Can one use 热 and 冷 to describe people?
Meaning of 纸 in radicals
How do I combine two subject + location + verb + object clauses with the same subject and verb?
What does 没有最好只有更好 mean?
What does this sentence 我是足不出户的半宅体 mean?
How do I type  on a keyboard?
What type of tree is 香榭?
Can someone tell me what this Chinese symbol means?
人无千日好: Literal Translation Is Completely Different
我好想你 and tone shift
Verbal reading of 块?
Why didn't they write 取了 here?
Chinese writings in Blade Runner movie
What does this sentence mean 我是男猪脚?
Does 留言 mean "comment"?
What does 而 mean in 因森发·加计学院问题而曝光率增高的?
What does 每隔 mean?
Is 不仅仅 the correct word?
What is the meaning of these words?
How is 堪 different from other auxiliary verbs?
The Phrase 朋友 vs 朋友们
What does 要不不留学要留学就要留出个性 mean?
Why is there no 地 in 他读书很用功?
What is the difference between 賺錢 and 掙錢？
What does 就那样吧 mean?
Please help me translate this message
How to reply to a recruiter ‘thanks for reaching out, I'd like to hear more’?
What does 哈批 mean?
What is the meaning of the phrase 俫气更有仙气?
The examples make no sense (translation)
Does this conversation/exchange of words make sense?
Gender and age neutral word for partner (not married) in Mandarin?
Translate 'suffered for your sanity' in precise chinese
What does 连句话也没人说 mean?
How can express a sentence containing relative pronoun in Chinese?
What does 俗话说的好 mean?
Decent OCR for Chinese?
Segmenting question
Why is 伴 used for buddy?
How does 也 work in 宁愿冻死也不穿?
The glyph origins of 半
How to translate 超然物外?
How to express giving two people some privacy?
Why "Lie to me" is translated as "别对我说谎"?
What does "悠" mean in "悠久"?
Correct the sentence
What's the general word for '样‘ in '这样，那样’，‘小样’, ‘怎样', ‘好样的’?
Is there an proverb or saying in English for '叶公好龙'?
Is there really no word for individualism in Chinese?
How to translate 渗透渲染？
An expression found in a short story by contemporary writer Han Shaogong
To be good at something. Is 很會 appropriate?
Three Chinese characters (?) on the entrance of the History Museum of Ho Chi Minh city
Colloquial translation of "preaching to the choir"?
How to express a hairdresser in Mandarin?
colloquial idiomatic translation of: "beating a dead horse"?
What does "死党" mean?
Is 你是哪个人 the correct way to ask where you are from in China?
What's the difference between "博物馆长" and "博物馆馆长"?
Has there ever been an English translation of 《輶軒》"Fangyan"?
What kinship terms to use for spouses of aunts and uncles in same-sex relationships?
How can I search for a Chinese character when I see it on a picture?
Alternative expression for 二位小姐
Can I translate 哭拜 as mourn?
How to Discern '降维攻击'?
neutral tone in a non-final syllable
What does 以 mean in 也提供了低层级的控制功能以尽可能提高灵活性和性能?
刀削面: who says xuē and who says xiāo?
What's the difference between 浪费 and 白费？
Effect of 在 and 着 on verbs. What are the best single word translations?
What does 500多个 mean?
Questions about "本" as Pronoun
What is the role of 方 in 貽笑大方？
What does "淦" mean?
Study abroad in Hong Kong, should I start learning traditional?
The function of 这么 in this line
What is the meaning of 方 in 方向？
How do I write "One can ..." / "You can ..." (general personal pronoun) in Chinese?
(Well-known) poem request: the wonder/beauty of nature/world/universe
What does 专门用来找工作 mean?
Where does the phrase 镜中花，水中月 come from?
How to express 忽悠 in English?
How should I use 哟?
What’s the difference between 円 and 月 as character components?
Future perfect tense sentences in Chinese (eg. "Next month I will have been married 3 years"
你 <verb phrase> 你
What is relation between 得 and 他 in these sentences?
Longjing tea in English
What is the difference between 乘 and 坐?
What is the difference between 嫐 and 嬲?
Need help translating artist seal
Tone contours along diphthongs
Can someone explain the meaning of this sentence?
至多，最多，顶多 … what's the difference?
What Chinese lesson (Category of words) should I be studying?
Is Chinese writing pictorial, ideographic - or neither?
Use of written Chinese in spoken context
What are these two questions asking about? (See information from the passage)
In this sentence "请问，哪里可以买到票？" is the character 到 necessary?
How to make analogies?
Was the word 男朋友 borrowed from English (or maybe the opposite)?
Why is inital /ŋ/ considered hick-ish?
What do these two seal stamps and these three characters on my Chinese painting mean?
What does 的 mean in sentences like "我会死的"?
Grammar/meaning of 好 in ”怎么才能唱好歌?“ ？
Does 周末那两天 means both Sunday and Saturday?
How to use a question word in a statement that isn't a question?
What's the lyrics to Onra's "Like the Seasons"?
Does 都 refers to the 天天 or to the 晚上 in the following sentence?
Can "比" go without a subject?
What is the meaning of "比一比" in this sentence?
At what age one stops calling a person 孩子？
Is this a proverb: "Food comes first for the people"?
What translation of "carrot" sounds like "Robert"?
生气 -> 生我的气 . 的 in a certain grammatical structure
Where can I find Chinese language soft subtitles for domestic television programs?
In which pitches do I pronounce several first tones in a sequence?
Commas, which one is proper?
Names in original Chinese
How to interpret 主题先行？
The origin of the word chopstick
Parsing "他是…" in this short sentence
What does 这鸡儿啥东西 mean?
What is the meaning of 两条腿走路？
What dialect/topolect is 凉薯 a part of?
How does 速 come to mean invite?
What rules are there for combining characters in couplets? (对联)
What do "BS" and "BH" mean in the 现代汉语词典?
2 word (Mainland) versus 3 word (Hong Kong) Chinese names
In the simplest way what's the difference between 对不起 and 对不起嘛?
Determining what the meaning of part of a character '益' is
How can I use 有点 or 一点 to add "a little" to a verb?
How to translate "evaluate, estimate" [time for smt.]?
Why is 在...里 in the front of 在大学里她学习了生物?
Best words in Chinese characterizing "cynical"?
How to say "I thought you are..." to a response?
How is "biang" as in "biáng biáng miàn" pronounced in other dialects?
Translation of "Thank you for your attention"
How does one translate expressions like "PC Master Race" or "Ultrawide master race" into Chinese?
What is the difference between 毕竟, 究竟, 到底, 终究, and 总归?
How to translate this conversation? 就是那种又泡又回吃的那种
Should old texts characters be modernized?
What's the reverse version of the saying "既要做婊子，又要立牌坊"?
What's this character that looks like 七 with a ～ in the middle? And what's its history?
Can 上 always be used like English ” ” (i.e.: same as above)?
几 in declarative and interrogative sentence
method to type Cangjie secondary signs?
Correct usage of 「您是指？」
how to type the degree sign (°) using Chinese IME on iOS/(mac)OS?
Which online resources (preferably open source / cc) does contain info on which Chinese verbs is separable?
Do I drink (喝) or eat (吃) a soup in Chinese?
Deeper meaning of 爲 (beyond one sentence definitions)
Why are there two 我们 in this sentence?
Similarity in geographically close areas (越南,云南)
Is "ne" used as a pronunciation for any character except 呢?
What's the translation of 这是瘤売肉?
We say 上个星期, 上个月 and 去年 why not 上个年?
Isn't it confusing to have Japanese words just next to Chinese words?
What famous word or phrase can I use to tell people my surname is 袁?
English text of 穆天子傳 (Tale of King Mu, Son of Heaven)
Courtesy name or?
Can I use 又 to give more than two properties of something?
Ordering and grouping of Chinese characters
What does 2月头的样子 mean?
Understanding the role of 將 in a sentence
What is the difference between 打算 (dǎ suàn) and 计划 (jì huà)
Confused about 民国 dates on receipts
What's the relationship between 暖, 爱 and 愛?
Is it ok to use 他 as a gender neutral personal pronoun (instead of 她) when the subject is known to be female?
有一點　can only be used for bad things, but how about 一點？
Main verbs for to think
"or" usage for choices
How do I know whether to write the written character or printed character?
Plural marker 们 in 哥们（儿）
Why does 空 have a fourth tone reading in 空格, but a first tone reading in 空调, 空气 etc
大兵小将 Little Big Soldier
兆 as (part of) a number
What is the difference between those two expressions
Is the 边～边 the synonym for 一边～一边?
What does 甘蝦 mean when used as an answer to 保重? (Taiwan)
The use of "、" in more than three items
I am happy for you (on your behalf): difference between 為你開心 and 當妳開心？
Anaphrodisiac in Chinese?
Should I use 为 instead of 是 to mean "is" on a date?
Explaining “留守儿童”？
Has 咖啡色 replaced 茶色 in everyday use for "brown", or can I use both?
What is the difference between the different words for street: 街，路 etc?
How do I write "but if" in Chinese?
What is "skate ramp" in Chinese?
What does 扔下 mean in 还有的人把车扔下不管?
比 vs. 跟 for comparisons
How do the words in 让我不断想不敢再忘记你 piece together (from the song Mouse Loves Rice, 老鼠爱大米)?
What is the difference between 嘗試，試圖，and 企圖?
What is the difference between 拥堵 and 堵车?
Only two characters but I have no idea what they signify
The grammatical construction of 比较有名的开始
When should 叉 or 岔 be used when talking about a forked road?
Meanings of 何以家为?
Pinyin vs. Pronounciation of 嗯?
How to translate "minister for loneliness"
How does 在 function in 男女结合在一起?
How do Chinese students write words whose characters they haven't learned?
Does 与 change the meaning of this sentence?
Why is 得 put before 我 in 搬家公司只管大件，小东西还得我亲自动手?
What is 夜来香 in the song by Teresa Teng?
What does the phrase 豪华名贵 mean in Dave Wong's song "爱不起"?
Classifier choice for 荚谜
Why does the squirrel say 我才不是吃货?
Quotient is translated as '商' in mathematics
Saying 不是很多人 or 没有很多人 sounds clunky; how can I say "not many people" smoothly?
What does the Mars symbol (♂) mean in Chinese (subtitles)?
Is there any difference between 相濡以沫 and 以沫相濡?
Sogou IME (on Ubuntu): How to output pinyin with tone marks?
吧 with the passive voice
行旅 vs. 流浪者 vs. 游民?
What is "kao se" in Taiwanese for "挖苦"?
As nouns, is there any difference between 变化 and 改变?
Difference between 打算, 安排 and 计划?
What part of speech are 应答用语?
Chinese Pronounciation App
What situations would one use 祖父 as opposed to 爷爷?
Is there any difference between 办 and 申请？
Taiwanese brand of computers called 嘉馬電腦
Translation of 'I do not need what I think I need'
How would you interpret: "你的美如日; 你的智若猫头鹰"?
Cangjie reference
How to deal with elasticity/flexibility in HSK vocabulary?
What is the variant bā character for 巴掌?
How to say "when their ears stopped ringing"?
Trying to Write a Short Photo Caption and Description
What is the relation between 寨 (zhài, "stockade, stronghold, fort") and 塞 (sài, "place of strategic importance; pass; fortress")?
Etymology of 若 vis-a-vis 如果
What are nonstandard forms of written words called?
Parsing and understanding 吃 in this sentence?
Alternative name for Hong Kong 香港
What is the meaning of this question 怼回去?
Difference between 正在 and 在?
In Sichuanese does 日本人 mean “fuck me”?
Can you please help me translate this title and signature?
What does Shih Dao name and tiles mean?
I'm strugglign with word order. Is this correct?
Was there ever any mixing up of 阙 and 缺 for the meaning of 'lack' or 'short of'?
Difference between 須要 vs 需要 and 嘗試 vs 試試看?
Mandarin version of 冇屈得就屈 (Don't accuse me without evidence)?
Mandarin version of "because of you" or "thanks to you"
Using 是 properly in sentences
Mandarin version of 剩翻 (left over)?
Resources for Cantonese speakers learning Mandarin?
Grammar for "You flew such a long distance for such a short visit'?
How did "kitsch" (刻奇) come to stand for emotional contagion in a group?
Is there any evidence that 90% of characters are phono-semantic compounds?
What does 所 mean in 正如我们之前所说?
Does "这很大钱! 再见大学钱...." make sense? Or have I written it wrong?
hao de pengyou vs huai de pengyou
Correct pronunciation for 北, 白 in Cantonese?
What does the '欢' in '苟且偷欢' mean?
How to set normal Chinese font in MS Power Point 2016?
How similar are Hakka and Cantonese?
When to use 只 or 仅
How can you say "We have to let you go", in the context of firing somebody?
Please correct me for this '人多就是非多'
请教一下『还』字（huan2、hai2 两者）的语源
Where did the words for various colours originate from?
Can anyone explain the pictograph representation of 巴拉斯 please?
How to say "until when do you stay here?" correctly?
Two word verbs with adverb
Written electronic communication speed in Simplified Chinese vs English
Common usage of 戈
I want to know if this sentence is correctly translated and makes sense in terms of Chinese grammar
What are the differences between 锻炼 and 运动 for "exercise", "work out", "train", etc?
What character can "□" [fei3] meaning 呕吐 be?
What does '来' means when it is used to describe age?
Jewish texts in Chinese?
Is '我还需要多加练习' okay as a dance video caption?
What common words in MSM actually come from taboo?
What does 其 mean in 授予其创意改变世界和影响今天所有人类的人?
Bad word that will curse a family
What is the difference between 楼 and 塔？
Difference between 兴趣 vs 意思?
Does A而B且C mean "A and B and C"?
Why are certain Chinese surnames common in certain provinces?
Difference between 家 and 家里? Also 家人 and 家里人?
Is it ok to say “发达的教育”或者“先进的教育”？
What is the meaning of 忽爾間 in the song "說散就散"?
Which is more common: 川普 or 特朗普?
The connection of multiple adjectives
How much did the Cultural Revolution change the Chinese language on the mainland?
你不敢吃我 What's the meaning of this?
What are these characters on old brass stamps?
Usage of "│" (vertical bar) in Chinese?
The difference between 呀 and 啊?
Translate “修路致富” into English
Does 上不去 mean "can't get on" or "won't get on"
Is this an actual phrase, "Sao Wei Deng Yi Xia" (please wait a moment), or am I crazy?
Understanding a line from a song: ‘沾染魔法的乖张气息 却又在爱里曲折’
详细 vs. 仔细 - are these interchangeable？
Difference between 室友 and 同屋
What's the meaning of these 2 lines of this song (焚城雪)?
How did Chinese people know in the past the pronunciation of words?
How to tell Simplified and Traditional Chinese apart?
Assistance Please
Grammar structure for "which do you like more?" questions
The word for Silicon Valley in Chinese
What character might ler1 be for "不渗汤的面条"?
What is the term for alluding to a more formless concept by listing its specific members?
Dali si ci jiu kan-le san ben shu ‘Dali read three books in only four times'
Why is 才 correct but 还 not in 我才27岁?
Difference between 几点 and 什么时候?
Is there any way to make a Chinese speech transcribed to written format?
How is the quality of Google's automatic "translation" for single words?
The word for "why" in Chinese
What is the meaning of 機歪?
Book and material to prepare for TOCFL "Test of Chinese as a Foreign Language"
Is 微话题 an acceptable translation of “hashtag”?
How do you say "You mean ...?" to respond to what you don't understand enough?
The word for "usually" in Mandarin
Classifier omission
What's the difference between 差異 and 差別?
Is there a difference between 一共 and 总共?
Is the opposite of 上床 下床 or 起床?
Does "chà" requires "dào" when expressing time?
Is this placement of 於 wrong or just unidiomatic?
Does 外地人 include those who were born outside but grew up inside?
Usage of 何 in Buddhist Hybrid Chinese
Is 交替更迭 redundant? Would this be proper grammar: 雨天與晴天交替?
When to use 于 and not 於 in traditional Chinese?
Why is 于 needed after 不屑 (but sometimes not)?
Do 男人 and 女人 have an unfavourable connotation?
Why does Mandarin differentiate 发[發/髮] fa1/fa4 when most topolects don't?
In Taiwanese place names, how are 宮 vs. 寺 used?
How to express "until ~" in Chinese?
What pronunciation is '骑‘ in 千里走单骑’的‘骑’是什么的骑？qi 或者 ji?
Why does 哆啦A梦 use an alphabet instead of an equivalent Chinese character?
Translating 胸怀 in this sentence
What's the difference between "现在几点？“ and "现在几点了？”
Do "lipstick on a pig" and "画蛇添足" share the same meaning?
Learning the Chinese Language
Proper translation of "dancer"?
怎么用草船借箭这个成语 how／when to use 草船借箭
Asking someone's age
At what situations should I leave out 话 in "~的话"
Word pairs like 嫉妒/忌妒 with similar pronounciations and meanings - examples and discussion please
Is there a difference between the use of 暖和 and 温暖？
Idiomatic use of 距 and 離
What is the difference between 抽 and 拔？
Is there any specifically masculine character for 他
Do I necessarily have to use 第 when talking about a page number?
Can 人 be used without a measure word?
How to say "the fish's home is the water"
Could a translation error lead to squares to not be considered as rectangles? (Mandarin)
How to correctly translate 为达目的不择手段 in English?
How do I say I Love You in Chinese
What usage does 有 have in ~的有 (e.g. 偏向于data reseacher的有)
Is "v" ever an acceptable English rendering of ü?
Has MS DOS ever been used in a Chinese-speaking country?
How do I say "as 引导倒装句" in English?
Could a translation error lead to squares to not be considered as rectangles? (Cantonese)
Is the word “恶犬” trending IRL?
How to say "small cat", when 小猫 is "kitten"?
How can I know a similar or related word in Chinese?
What is the difference between 妳 (nǐ) and 他 (tā)
Meaning of 祝愿 as wishing or congratulating
Can 岁数, 年纪 and 年龄 be used interchangeably?
How to guess when to use 銷 or 消 in compounds?
Is there any proof that learning ones own dialect will improve ability in Mandarin?
The difference between 你不知道吗？/你知道吗？/不知道吗？/知道吗？
What is the difference between 不由得 and 不得不?
戴绿帽子 as based on a pun?
What is the difference between 完成 and 完毕?
What does this seal stamp on Chinese painting mean?
Difference between "蝈蝈", "蟋蟀" and "蛐蛐" (Also: 纺织娘)?
Mandarin dialect pronouncing sizzling consonants differently
How to translate squire and page
Is the halfwidth ideographic comma (､) (U+FF64) ever used in Chinese punctuation?
The synonyms of '雨后送伞'
Pronunciation of 壹 / 一 in Mandarin
Can I use 兼 for more than two positions?
How is 卻 & 接受 used in John 1:5 CUV?
How do you say 直播 In English?
Can you say "好久不看“ in written conversation?
Is 州平 a name or a title or official position?
Since Putonghua is a standard English word, why do people use Mandarin for standard Chinese?
Is “little” an appropriate translation for 小 in peoples ‘nicknames’?
招待人 for "host" of guests or visitors (e.g., our "host" was kind)?
Can I use 现代汉语词典 outside of the paper dictionary?
Word for banana blossoms in Chinese
Does 开他的玩笑 mean "he" plays or is played?
Shen (神) character painted over a seal
Lists and Conjunctions
What's the difference between 应急出口 (yìngjí chūkǒu) and 安全出口 (ānquán chūkǒu) which both mean "emergency exit"?
What is the difference between 全部 and 整个?
Usage of 與 in this sentence
What money is being exchanged here?
Why do both 太 (too) and 过于 (excessively) occur in 外国人有时候太过于开放 (foreigners are sometimes too excessively open)?
What does 勾过来 (gōu guòlái) mean in 你就直接勾过来，我觉得欠妥?
Why does the shopkeeper say 要不了 (yào bùliǎo) after the customer proposes a too-low price?
san1 vs tai2 vs san1 tai2
Why is Húnán pronounced with an F?
When do I have to use 做/当 instead of 是?
"Perverse" for movies and scenes
How do I say "Love is irreversible"?
How can it be single characters for new chemical elements like 鈽 and 鈾?
Is 猪肉饭 the actual name of a specific Chinese dish or is it merely a description of any pork-and-rice meal?
I'm writing a self-introduction and need help with some translation
Is 你怎么知道怎么做中国菜? (How do you know how to cook Chinese food?) a grammatically correct question?
Is "⤒" (UPWARDS ARROW TO BAR) (U+2912) not easily confused with "不"?
What's distinguishes a chengyu (Chinese idiom) from a 4-character expression?
What is the difference between 人才 and 人材, and which should I use？
Is 实验动物中心 (experimental animal center) ambiguous in that it could mean either "experimenting on animals" or "experimentally creating animals"?
Help finishing my translation of a (short) Chinese forum post. Also looking for advice about parsing Chinese stories/narratives
Terminology for Teacher Pension Form in Taiwan: "基数“ and ”大口“
I've no idea how to parse this sentence into English despite knowing every word, can anyone help?
Is 用一下 preferable to 用用 or 用一用?
What's the difference between 基建 and 基础设施? (Chinese words for "infrastructure")
are these symbols chinese and can you interpret them for me
What is the difference between these sentences? (过 vs 了)
What does 头 mean in 时常一待就几个钟头?
why is ‘fruit’ referred to as 水果 if 果 already means fruit?
Difference between 晚安， 晚安安，安安, and 晚安啦
Chinese-English translation
How to ask Chinese tourists keep their voice down?
我最近没打过羽毛球 "I haven't played badminton recently" - is the 过 necessary in this sentence?
Difference between 大兄弟 and 小伙子
How many days a 节气 last for?
What are written name conventions in labels?
When should I use 兆 instead of 万亿?
I don't know what this says and what language it is
What does this phrase mean? 有你真好。
How should I translate "找你两块“？
When should I use 地 on an adjective and when not as an use for adverb (and why do some adverbs require 地)?
Which edition of《杜骗新书》contains modern parallels?
是……的 construction without 的?
Mandarin equivalent of 轉行 (zyun3 hong4), which means to switch industries?
每个人都...... Why the 都 is compulsory in the sentence.
Is there any distinction between 二百 (èrbǎi) and 两百 (liǎng bǎi) which both mean "two hundred"?
Are 使用 and 施用 interchangable?
Usage of 的要 in this sentence
Why is 两十万 (liǎng shí wàn) okay when it contains 两十 (liǎng shí) which is incorrect?
Chinese gibberish in a desktop program
What's the original Chinese to “To one who has seen too little of the world, everything is strange.”?
What does 太搭了 mean?
What is the pronunciation of 着重?
How do I translate 黄金鸡柳咖喱饭 (huángjīn jīliǔ gālí fàn), which means something like "gold chicken willow curry with rice"?
Understanding the structure, '又什么...' and '又没什么...'
Curious structure with 的 in conversation
What is the verb of 要回过头来走老一辈的路?
Where -and- how does 郭先生 mean dildo?
What does 你呢！mean?
What does 照你的意思 mean in this dialogue?
Do any names start with 谦？
Whom did this happen to? 发生 and friends in sentence
What is the meaning of 臭石头 (slang)?
Is the pinyin of 「操」in「情操」and「步操」the same in Mandarin？
Examples of Epenthesis in Chinese
Confusion about the usage of hěn
What does the sentence 该视频随即被上传至网络，转发量过万 translate to?
In 泰坦尼克号, why is it a 号 at the end?
Why is 少数量 wrong?
What is a polite way to ask to 打包 (dǎbāo) "take away" my meal? Is 我想打包 acceptable?
Location of Certain Location words
Name of strokes in Chinese character Heart
Is this dictionary confused "start at" with "startled at"?
Is there an Old Chinese dictionary which shows clearly the usage of a word?
Why are the lists of Kangxi radicals different everywhere?
What is this character and what does it mean?
湖在城市的北部 or 湖在城市的北边?
Can 一会儿～一会儿 be replaced with 有时候～有时候?
Does 汉语书 (Hànyǔ shū) "Chinese book" only mean "a book for learning Chinese", or can it also mean "a book in Chinese"?
What do 即 (jí) and 已 (yǐ) do in the sentence 病征在成年早期即已显露 ("symptoms become visible at early adulthood")?
Any evidence for z(h)uang (这么) and luang (那么)?
Why is there no conjunction between 健康 and 有活力的生活状态 in 无法保持健康有活力的生活状态?
剩一点儿都没地方搁　How is the sentence composed of?
Which 相呼应 should I use in 只要?
The IPA for pinyin x
Polysyllabic adjectives with double 不
How to say, "Let's test your sense of direction. How do we get to the car from here?"
What character might "lia" [Ĩia⁵³] meaning "lick" be?
What's the difference between 听 and 听听?
缓解 vs. 缓和 - are the true synonyms/同义词?
Nouns where the negative demands a different verb
In what cases should I use 条 for 猫?
Why is the result complement wrong?
Why is 肯德基 (Kěndéjī) = Kentucky Fried Chicken not called 肯德鸡 (Kěndéjī) when it's pronounced the same and 鸡 means "chicken"?
How do you say "ball of foot" in Chinese?
Are 仙草, 毒草 and 良草 broadly-used idioms?
Using those characters only/with out adding, replacing, or removing is my sentence structure and grammar correct?
What is this exclamation and how is it written?
Is 下个星期三 (xiàge xīngqīsān) = "next Wednesday" ambiguous like in English?
What's the difference between 秒钟 and 秒?
Difference between 太太 and 夫人?
What does "(卐)" as part of 两分字元 mean?
Did the man lock up his 6-year old son at home overnight? (把6岁大的儿子一个人锁在家里整整一夜)
Was 司马懿 a crossdresser?
也 in classical Chinese as copula
Does Chinese have any structure similar with this Japanese term?
Translation of "to substitute for"?
Is 我去广州见朋友 or 我去广州看朋友 better for saying "I go to Guangzhou to see a friend"?
Help understanding "Hen ngai cang hiau chut-theu" by Zhang Shaolin
Help me understand/translate "不留到晚自习就写完多好" (context supplied)
What does 的 mean in 表示对某人某事的亲近和关心?
How should I understand "～长～短" phrase in English?
What does 其实也没什么 mean?
How does the grammar of 拿把伞 work?
What does the woman know when she says 后来才知道 (hòulái cái zhīdào)?
Doubts on some words in a Deng Lijun song
Correct translation of "I need some help with my homework."
Is it acceptable to omit the main clause in 只要～ phrase?
HSK and most used Chinese characters
Words and characters that do not appear on HSK lists
What is the implied meaning of 社会人
How do I determine whether to use 次 (cì) or 遍 (biàn) in these sentences?
Status of a sandhi "rule" for 2nd tone
Lao-Tseu carved statue signed sigillary caracters
Why is there the character 李 in 行李？
What does 如此 mean in 表示显然如此或确实?
What does this sentence mean
Is it weird to say either 我今天休息了一天 or 我今天休息一天了 ("today, I rest for one day") because of the repetition of 天?
Is there an equivalent to "awww" in English for expressing sympathy?
What does 老外 mean if the Chinese speaker is in a foreign country?
Can't track down an early 20th century short story
Which of "她睡觉的时候...", "她在睡觉的时候...", "她睡觉时候...", and "她在睡觉时候..." are grammatically correct and do they all have the same meaning?
Is there a difference between Seals written before 1900 and after 1900?
How is 妻 written according to PRC and Taiwanese standard?
The difference between 都没有 and 不都有
Is it incorrect to use 儿化 (érhuà) inside a word, e.g., 门儿口, and 小孩儿子 and 玩儿具?
When should I exchange nouns to pronouns?Is there a obvious rule in it?
Is this correct? 用实际行动来（回馈）父母的期待。
Translation of 立方固奇，而立论甚正
Is there an official stroke order for each character?
Correct grammar for "While speaking Cantontese with my mom, I accidentally said one half of a sentence in Mandarin and the other half in Cantonese."?
Is there an expression in Chinese for saying "I'm taken"?
What does 尽 mean and what tone does it have in 对我父母也极尽照顾?
Are the two 勾魂鬼 actually 黑白无常？
Is this email correct grammatically and structurally?
Can I use 在 with 一边... 一边?
Is "(t 某某, s 某某)" accepted notation for showing tradtional and simplified characters together?
What is the character `bia` in `bia响`?
The classifier 一把for 手機
What does 风轻发自然 mean here?
Questions on a Hakka song and its particular Hakka dialect
Help translating two lines of Zhang Shaolin's "Hakka homesickness" (客家乡情) + some weird pronunciations in that song
Where was the heartland of the pre-historic Chinese branch of languages (or that of the entire language family)?
Help please me find out what this means
Is it acceptable to say 我的名字是……?
About a (Southern Sixian?) Hakka folk song found on Youtube
What does 是 mean in 因为比读书有趣味的事情实在是太多了?
What is the difference between 发财 and 致富?
How to translate "The Dreams that Stuff is Made of " into Chinese?
Translation Exercise Unit 1 - Part 1 [Basic Spoken Chinese Practice Essentials]
How many homophones for "shi" are there in Chinese - with or without considering tones?
What is the difference between 回答 and 答复?
Why is 我草 (wǒ cǎo) vs. 我操 (wǒ cāo) funny?
Chinese literature database 中文文学作品资料库
When/where is cancer [癌] pronunced yán?
My dictionary shows 说 is both shuì and shuō
It's been a week since the middle exam is over
How do I use the character 当, pronounced as a 4th tone?
How are 我们把那张画儿挂上去吧。and 我们挂上去那幅画吧。 different?
What does 听得见摸得着了 mean?
Saying 'doubled' in Chinese 一倍 vs 两倍
What does 在来自中 (zài láizì zhōng) mean in 在来自中、俄、美、英、韩等五国, ...?
What is the etymology of 居然?
Is 个 acceptable for all nouns?
What does 有一千零一种用处 mean?
Understanding how to pronounce the “er” at end of words
what's the term for “tone contour”?
What is the phenomenon of putting a verb twice in a sentence called?
How can I distinguish different yet similar sounds when listening?
What are expressions for head and tails on a coin?
How to express "Now, ..." in Chinese (the usage of "now" to draw attention to a particular statement)?
Can Chinese words start with a vowel?
Why does 他没看书 use 没 and not 不 in this dialogue?
How does 土口 match 'a person wearing a pendant'?
Why curse the unborn to be without an anus?
What language is this and what does it say?
Can 发火 and 着火 be used interchangeably?
What is the meaning of 成器 and how do you use it？
Why does 考 precede 中文 in 我下个星期要考中文?
Why are people writing 打井 (dǎjǐng) = "to dig a well" on this construction site wall?
What is the difference between 本来 and 原来?
What does 这样才不白来世上一回 mean?
What is the difference between 绝对 and 肯定?
Where can I find a list of chinese characters and their transcription in the 5 stroke classes used in the 五笔画 (wǔ bǐhuà) and Wubixing input method?
Games to learn Chinese with?
Does the job title 弼马温 really signify 辟马瘟 'avoid horse fever'
Difference between 到, 到了, and了 to indicate completed action?
What's the English equivalent of "闺蜜"
What does 合痕类的个数 (hé hén lèi de gè shù) mean in this mathematics article?
What Chinese languages are spoken in South East Asia?
What does “tm” mean?
Is it acceptable to omit 的 before a noun in degree complement, when the verb follows the noun?
Why do the Taiwanese have such strange characters for names?
What is the difference between 抗拒 and 抵御?
Why is 做 in the sentence 不知道大家觉得做女人最大的悲哀是什么？
Does 的话 in 这句常挂在嘴边上的话，便点点头答应了 create "If~" subclause?
Can I translate "still alive" as 还活着?
Interesting "bullet points"
What is the word to emphasize the 最~ ("by far the best") in Mandarin?
隹 colloquial name
Why is 性 in the sentence 你不能吃凉性的水果?
What does 赔着 mean in this sentence?
Is the position of 都 in a sentence important？ (example inside)
Chinese phrases akin to “back to the grindstone”?
What pinyin combinations spell out English words?
Taking medicine off the shelves
Duoshao vs shenme
Is it acceptable to omit 来 in 起来 as a direction complement?
How do I resolve dictionary ambiguities when looking up words/phrases?
untranslated characters and their meaning
Mandarin equivalent to 話事?
最好还是问问老师吧？还是最好问问老师吧？ Which is correct? and Why is it?
What is the meaning of 妖星?
Jin tian ji hao?
Is 请扫我的 an appropriate way ask the cashier to scan my phone for payment?
"Aren't you both also Americans" in Chinese ?
What tone is 杆 in 扶杆？
Pronunciation/tones for hug (擁抱): yong1 bao4 or yong3 bao4?
Correct grammar: 沒有把你照顧好 vs 沒有好好照顧你?
Is there a character for `biu`?
Is this [Ivanka Trump] Chinese proverb real? —“Those who say it can not be done, should not interrupt those doing it”
What does 翻了个儿 mean?
How do I say "choose one of these"?
人摔了出去　人 is my body. Is it common?
Is the phrase "that guy so inch" related to Putonghua?
What is the difference between 种类，类型 and 品种?
Tang Dynasty Inscription
这个型体脚板是射出不喷漆的，脚板模具就是砂面的 Help with Translation
Does 一屁股坐下来 just mean 'sit down' or is there some other meaning in there?
What does 拜 mean in 拜在俄做生意的中国有钱人所赐，他们的入境手续都不合法?
Why would 人 be used for names?
are there any free bilingual sources of chinese proverb?
How to use what, that, who, where, etc. in Chinese?
Which is correct: 一 (yao1) or 幺 (yao1)?
Using xiànzài and zhèngzài in a single sentence
Natural translation for "Everything worth doing requires self-discipline and effort"
What is the difference between 井底之蛙 and 坐井观天?
Translation of "辨人禽界，立天地心"
Word order in “出去了几个人。”
Meaning of 走马看花
Descriptors for moody teenagers?
What words exist that come from deconstructed characters?
Why is 本人 inappropriate in an objective text?
How to interpret the oracle poem (諸葛武侯乩文)?
Mandarin: tongue placement when pronouncing ü words like 學 and 去 that begin with q, x, j?
Is it incorrect to write 少 with a hooked first stroke, like 小?
"How are you this morning" in Chinese?
Does 好 + adjective with negative connotation reinforce the negative connotation or mitigate it?
Why is the use of 本人 appropriate in the contexts below
What are these Chinese character stamps?
How do I write in Chinese, you look well today, as in good colour in face?
Does this box in the movie 妖猫传 (Legend of the Demon Cat) say 鳳栖樓 on its lid and 私人必死 inside, and what do they mean?
Chinese character decomposition
Ambiguous characters
What does the word 绑架 mean in these contexts? (not "kidnap")
Difference between "游泳" and "游水"
Obscene: translate 下流 or 輕佻?
How is 是 in these two sentences?
Why is there no 的 in the question 你是第一次去北京吗 (is this your first time going to Beijing)?
Are they in Britain?
Translate the characters in this sign
How do you say "Where is Beijing?"
How to ask questions using CAN?
How can I improve my translation?
Are all these ways of saying 1.59 in Chinese currency correct?
Where are you? What are you doing?
Better translation for "underdog"?
What does 能得以 mean?
How do form this sentence "I want (object) to (verb/be) that..." in Chinese?
Question words at the end or beginning? Shei (very confusing)
translating a few words on this microprocessor block diagram
How do I say "did you watch the football?"
How do I say "I need some advice about X"?
Why is 右助 (yòu zhù) in this Chinese translation of Qur'an 1:5: 我们只崇拜你，只求你右助?
给 with inanimate objects
What does 的 mean in 随着学习的深入 (a verb modifies a verb via 的)?
what do 接盘 and 接盘侠 mean?
What is the difference between 因为 and 应为?
What does 尿尿 mean?
Are both these stroke orders for 里 and 再 correct in mainland China?
Question about the use of "零" in money
Need help with Classical Chinese
the meaning and translation of 悲亡 in a poem by Bei Dao
Are there any sentences where if you skip one (or more) characters from the beginning, it's correct but has entirely different meaning?
Are 朝鲜冷面 (Cháoxiǎn lěngmiàn) from Korea (North and South) or only North Korea?
What is the true pinyin pronunciation for this radical?
How to type zero initial in the common Shuangpin Pinyin keyboard layouts?
What does 打着 mean in 不能打着传统文化的旗号去否认简体字?
还是付了吧，要不忘了。了 is ...?
Why is 他 put after 出 in 认出他来 in 女大夫很快认出他来?
What exactly does 硬 mean here?
'Shí yuè' vs 'jap ghuet' differences?
Express"with each other" or "amongst themselve"
Extended use of the Complement of direction and 把。
What is the difference between 费电 and 耗电?
快把大衣穿穿！When is it wrong?
What is the meaning of 刚 in 变形金刚?
Gigolo translated as 基哥儿龙（音）?
What’s the difference between a jianli 简历 and a lülibiao 履历表?
How to correctly use "多" to say "more than"?
What are the different uses of 体会?
What is the difference between 挣扎 and 奋斗?
碗掉地下，Why not 地上？
What does 的 mean in 电影展示在盲人面前的不只是一时的多彩
What is the meaning of 磨练?
Meaning of seal and engraved characters on teapot
bkrs Chinese dictionary?
What does 无妨 mean in 即别人都过“低碳生活”，我自己过“高碳生活”也无妨?
The translation of "I never said she stole my money."
What does '眼观鼻鼻观心' represent? Obedience or an attempt to be invisible?
What are the Chinese characters for Cantonese 'tìm ge la wo'?
Children's room in Chinese
Chinese painting poem and seal meaning
去 + Action vs 要+Action+了
"Subj + 打電話 + Obj" vs "Subj + 給 + Obj + 打電話"
What is the difference between 魂 and 魄?
Why does 一幅幅图画, not 一幅图画?
就要 contraction juo?
What is the difference between 國語 and 普通話?
What does this say? I need help
Chinese quotes for tattoo
How to say: "screwed it up"
How to say, "Could you please move over?" (Cantonese and Mandarin)
Why did my friend write 发发发 on her note?
The use of 地 after multiple, related nouns (e.g. “鸡”，“猫”，“狗”地)
你 vs. 妳 for second person
Why does 定 (dìng) disable the monsters' movement in the movie 捉妖记 (Monster Hunt)?
How does 设A是..., 若A的..., 则称A是... work for mathematical definitions?
Can 从来 mean since forever?
Why is Cristiano Ronaldo known as “C罗” in Chinese?
Can someone tell me what this says?
What does this seal of 宋高宗 say?
What is the difference between 原则 and 原理？
How to determine if a personal name is feminine or masculine?
How is this effect achieved for Chinese characters?
How is a speaker introduced at a Chinese mathematics conference?
Are witches/wizards the equivalent of a devil in China or which cultural thing am I not getting here
Are my answers to this question about 不仅 appropriate, and how can I make them more elaborate?
Help with chinese letters
Help choosing a Chinese name among a few shortlisted ones
Why is 把 in 我去洗把脸 (wǒ qù xǐ bǎ liǎn) = I'm going to wash my face?
Why doesn't 褱 sound like its phonetic etymon 眔?
How do I say "from this"/"this shows"? Like, "this shows you are lazy" or "from this I can tell you are lazy"
In my bullet list, is ...是个... [something]的 problematic, and do I need an "and"?
How to learn pronounciation effectively with help of books?
Are too many 的s for multiple adjectives a problem?
How to phrase "You know what they say? [quote]" in Chinese?
把 grammar and when it MUST be used, not when it CAN be used
Can I split up time phrases and adverbs?
Is the non-literal interpretation of 浪漫是她想要月亮时，你不会给她星星 that young romance is selfish, particularly of women?
Where can I find a decent Seal Script font?
What did my wife write?
Is it common to call a waiter "朋友"?
Character translation chinese or japanese
What's the difference between 战略 and 策略？
Is this book simplified or traditional?
What's the difference between 部件, 零件, and 配件？
How to translate 欢迎乘坐我们的出租车！
if ... then ... in Chinese without any special words
How to write 7th month, 2nd day of year 4714 in lunar calendar?
How to say "Throw something at someone"
Why is 不 sometimes put between the syllables of a 2-syllable word?
How would I say "What does X mean?" in mandarin?
Need help in understanding this question from sample hsk question
公共职员在超市进行了调查 sentence order
What does B格 mean?
What's the function/meaning of 就不要 in 过去的事情就不要说了?
How to translate these inspirational phrases correctly?
Can a single consonant (辅音) ever be used in transliteration?
How do I say "I just went to the shops"?
Where can I find a graded reader with pinyin alongside the simplified characters?
What do you call your father's twin brother?
Historical: How was Chinese written in telegrams and early computers?
What does j8傻逼 mean?
Mandarin equivalent of hai 係噉㗎嘞?
Used degree complement I am not sure of
Under what circumstances can you use 又...又...?
What is the most appropriate literal translation of 赚钱
Degree complement and using 那么
What does this say?
What is this character? How to identify it?
What is 那种带有 doing in 我喜欢喝农民那种带有苦味的茶水?
What are the prefixes for animal genders?
How can I say "a class in Chinese" (and not "a Chinese class")?
Why is both 盐 (salt) and 咸 (salty) in 尝尝他们的盐一样咸的咸菜?
In 很高兴认识你 is there an implied 我 at the front or is 很高兴 modifying 认识 as in "happily meet"?
What input method is easier to learn for a someone who can speak Chinese?
What does “他并没有来北京” means? What does 并没有 refers to?
Isn't Chinese SVO? then why is it SOV here?
How do you translate "place" in an address into Chinese?
How to understand "ideographic" decomposition of characters like 不 and 与
What does '根筋' in '一根筋' and '少根筋' mean?
Condom poster: What should 爪 in ...因爪安全性行为感染艾滋病 actually be? And why is 经 in 预防艾滋病经性传播?
Why is ７元/并 written instead of ７元/瓶?
Which pronounciation of “kun” is correct or what’s the difference?
When Chinese speakers read arabic numbers, do they still read them in chinese?
很难抽时间和您见面了 grammar
Official Naming of the Characters (Hanzi) in Mandarin Chinese
A Word A Day for Chinese
Is the word 懵逼 dirty?
Need help completing this sentence using 打折
Why does mulberry have so many different endings? (桑葚、桑椹、桑甚、桑黮)？
Mandarin equivalent of the English opening word 'since'?
I asked my Chinese friend a question in Chinese, but she doesn't understand
Subtle definition of 喜欢
Help with sentence construction
Do you let go of some 的 when there are multiple?
提高 and degree complement
The list of official Chinese names for common vegetables
What is the most appropriate English word to describe '面' in phrase like '看在A的面上, B...'
Do all syllables occur in all tones?
Difference between 你能看完这本书吗？ vs 你看得完这本书吗？
是 in using 好像／像
Why such a bizarre placement of 关于 in this sentence?
Do many Taiwanese self identify as Mandarin speakers and if not, why?
Does this scroll say 䤛食琴心?
What is the real etymology of "China"?
How do form this sentence in Chinese?
提交给 vs 提交 difference
Encountered usage of 为
Are independent and dependent clauses reversible?
Why is 去 ("to go") in 也不去考虑以后会是怎样 ("...and don't think about how it will be in the future")?
Does 屁股 refer to the womens' bottoms in 几个包着头巾的女人正将棉秆拔出来，她们不时抖动着屁股摔去根须上的泥巴?
The meaning of 是...的 in 有什么事是我该做的吗
Chinese Font - Some Characters Rendered Strangely (外，将）
what does the lettering on my shirt mean?
help identifying the meaning of the word in the picture
The differences between 生日 and 生辰
Is "光轮" for "Nimbus" as in "Nimbus 2000 broomstick" just a transliteration?
Pronouncing Xué (学)
Is Siri good for practicing Chinese pronunciation?
How do I say "did you see what happened?'
When will one be able to
Need help understanding: "人生要就不忍，不然就請你一忍到底。"
What is the use of "的" in "辞的职"?
Interesting tongue-twisters like these?
Difference between 学, 校 and 学校
Meaning of the word 黄毛小儿
Why is my Microsoft Pinyin IME suddenly making traditional characters instead of simplified?
How to separate the words in the phrase 博格瑞牌法兰希小金文奶酪 & match it to the word translation in english
How to translate 冲 in a phrase 道冲。
Chinese expression for "go out early and return early"
Is there a Chinese variant of the expression "and the list goes on and on“
Why use combined characters that have the same meaning?
How are my 用词造句 ("use the word to make a sentence") sentences using 幸福 and 俩?
Where to find all/most variants of a glyth?
Mandarin Chinese Alphanumerical Ordering
How does 一面向 break down in 她一面走着，一面向旁边张望着?
What is the difference between 网上 and 在线?
Can someone translate this Chinese calligraphy into English?
What to use when referring to the character 格
Help with Buddhist meaning of 麼
How do i write Erobee in Chinesse?
What kind of pen/brush do 水笔 and 签名笔 refers to?
What is the difference between 收了 and 收到了?
Could you please correct my sentences?
着 meaning in 只要看着你
Why is 叫 ("call") in 叫我马上到北极?
What are the characters on this seal?
Using 瑞士的瑞 to address the character 瑞
Which one out of these two sentences is the most natural?
What's the joke about Guanhua in Ticklish Tales Contiuned by Xiaoshi Daoren?
Use 個 if the correct measure word is unknown
Role/Grammar of 找 and 跟 in this sentence: "他找白如玉跟他在師大附近走走"
Why number 2 has two forms?
How to translate "note:" into Chinese?
How to use "considering [that]" as a conjunction?
帅哥/美女 to get attention of someone who isn't handsome/beautiful
Multiple characters for the same sound in Chinese
How many supplies did Liu Bei have at Dangyang?
can anyone identify the markings found on a purple clay teapot?
How to pronounce 日?
Pronunciation of 册
Is my joke about my first talk at Nankai correct, understandable, and funny?
What is the Chinese Homophonic Group?
Could someone help me to identify these characters on the screen walls
Difference?? : 聊，聊天，聊聊，聊聊天，聊一聊，闲聊
What does 再 mean if it's added after 后?
What is the purpose of verb reduplication?
Is it 在桌子上面 or 在桌子的上面?
Translation for these symbols (Google turned back nothing!)
Why is there 比率 in this sentence?
Chinese Poem And Seal Translation Needed
Is there a Mandarin dictionary with the frequencies listed for each translation?
References for Tibetan?
博士 Pronunciation /ʃə/ or /ʃi/
Difference between 品格 / 品质 / 人品 / 人格 / 素质?
Why is 挺 used as measure word for machine guns?
Would "mutual acquaintance" in Mandarin be 共同朋友 or 相識朋友?
Is it ok to answer only the day of the month to the question "今天几号?"?
Is it ok to omit "也" in responce 我也很好?
What are the six characters on this seal?
Please help me translate this sentence
What does 会 mean in this sentence?
Is there a difference between "这里 的 天气跟 我 老家 一样", and "这里 的 天气跟 我 老家 的 一样"
What resources can I use for learning character decomposition?
Difference between 讨厌, 恨, 怨恨, 忌恨, 恶, and 恼恨?
The correct way to parse "就打赢了" in this sentence
Where can I find old HSK tests?
Looking for help with knitting machine terms
Why 又 is used in this sentence?
What is the missing character on the seal?
"Shakespere" Pronounced wrong upsets my teacher
The position of 已经 in "have been doing something for some times already"
Mnemonics for 汉字: examples and resources
Handwriting 行書 semi-cursive online
What does 亲你一口 mean?
How to refer to someone if he is younger than I (but not knowing his name)?
Mandarin/Cantonese translation of "it depends on your definition of 'good'"
How many 行书 semi-cursive handwriting variants
Proper grammar: 生活 中 不是 缺少 美 ，而是 缺少 发现的?
Translation of 追番
Can anyone translate the Chinese text on the picture attached?
How to ask for response and closing statement in a letter in cantonese and in traditional chinese?
Antique Chinese painting
One more painting signature, ink + gold
I am confused with this " 最开始" in a specific sentence
Why 了 is not used in this sentence? And what's the meaning of 玩 in this sentence?
How to translate “路人缘” or “观众缘” in English
Is it fine to use “锻炼” as in "good practice" or not?
Say time in 24 hour format
Identify artist of tapestry
To-do list words
Translation for “as it is”
Where can I find a full list of combinations of sounds and tones used in Chinese?
Assimil Chinese Old & New Editions
Why does Chinese combine words with the same meaning to produce again the same meaning like 睡觉?
What's the difference between 要 and 想 for "to want"?
Placement of adjectives with verbs?
Why would Antimony (Sb) and Aluminum (Al) be confused?
How to say this in Chinese? (This contains 7 questions)
Would 怎麼知道 or 怎麼知 be the right Mandarin equivalent to the Cantonese phrase 點知?
Do Mandarin people use 補鑊 as slang to represent fence-mending or damage control?
How to translate the fictional name "yuan-ti" into meaningful Chinese words?
What is the meaning of 子 in words like 菓子(과자), 帽子(모자), or 獅子(사자)?
What's the role of 了 in this sentence: 你要是喜欢我就给你买了
What is the purpose of "到" in 他在行窃时被当场抓到
which sounds more natural? 我今天已经把猫食放了 or 我已经今天把猫食放了
I can't think In Chinese, I always instantly translate what I am reading into English
what is the difference between 條 and 匹?
Safe to always use 之後 instead of 以後, and 之前 instead of 以前?
Why is 有 used here?
Would 反駁 be the Mandarin equivalent to 駁嘴?
Which is the more polite way to ask for permission: 能 or 可以?
Is Pinyin recommended for Mandarin Chinese?
Shi / Hen for adjective + noun when discussing facts or perceived facts
How come 将 is a "future marker" and a "passive marker"?
Difference between 客气 and 礼貌
Is this use of 把 and 过 correct?
Meaning of 厨 as a slang
Names for forms of ancient poetry
is there a way to know which words are grouped?
Difference between location nouns and place/position nouns, 方位词 vs 处所词
Is it possible to ask a question with just a single noun?
Please some Help me translate this
What does "三魂去了两魂半" mean?
HELP!!! Can someone translate this image for me
Asking for a small business favor (whom and how)
I would be grateful if anyone can translate/identify the artist of this Chinese "Farmers' Art" painting
几点 position in sentence
pronunciation of more than 2 following 3rd tone
Why is there such a difference between "first name" and "last name"?
What is the meaning of 要 in these sentences?
How modern Chinese singing works if Chinese has tones
Is this a Chinese symbol? Cufflinks that belonged to my uncle
为什么“道友”被译作“fellow cultivators”？
How do I resolve issues with my translation of a snippet about 观潮 (guāncháo = tide watching) from a 4-th grade Chinese book?
不能得到 vs 得不到 difference
Gender neutral term for family members who are all first born?
Does China have any website like Youtube?
In what circumstances can 呢 be interchangeable with 吗？
会计 instead of <美>收银机，现金出纳机, cash register?
Understanding 到，去 in a sentence:
On the day: Difference between 每到教师节 and 每到教师节这一天
Using a verb as a habitual thing vs Chinese
Does Taiwan have any website like YouTube?
How you know multiple characters are one concept
If Pinyin (or Other Romanization) can be Translated Back into Chinese Characters
Example of stress or tone on a consonant
The max number of characters that map to a single pronunciation
How to translate 乎 in classical Chinese texts?
Etymology of phrases 靜雞雞 and 靜靜雞. Are both correct, and is there any difference in meaning?
What does this phrase mean?
The meaning of 开 in this sentence
Why/how does 说 mean update in 下次再说?
What does this seal stamps on chinese painting mean?
Meaning of “帶看病做工!她的一家人還是餓看！“?
How would I go about saying: "I am not at liberty to say" or "I am not at liberty to discuss"
Is there a dictionary that includes 搭配
Chinese Speaking Gps Tracker For My Dog, please help to translate
What does this seal stamp say?
How to understand "喝茶"？
"Baby" vs "宝贝" - coincidence?
Can "秀气" be used to describe objects that aren't people?
Aid programs to study Chinese?
Requesting something to be done for me in cantonese
What does 到 mean in this sentence?
Place of 了 particle for the past tense?
What do these stamps mean?
What do these characters mean?
How did the abbreviations 520 and 521 arise?
Help me translate the red signature seal on this picture?
Radicals in 等 - Why 士 instead of 土?
Help me translate the Chinese in the login
Contracted pronunciations of 今天 and 这里【這裡】(Taiwan)?
What do these characters painting mean?
What does 都挺 indicate here?l
I have been learning traditional characters but my professors dont accept it. What do I do ?
Shenzhen IO character differences
What variant phrases of 五里不同天 exist?
Where in Sichuan is 虾 pronunced ha1 (xa⁵⁵)?
Why does 牛车水 mean Chinatown?
How is 那还用说！translated as "Of course!" or "That goes without saying!"?
How to say "where else", "who else", or "what else" in Chinese?
Placement of 在 in the sentence
Mystery Character (Components: 禾日日皿)
Is this a spoken contracted form of 現在【现在】？
我 or 我的 to show possession?
How to say "I wouldn't go so far as to say..." in Mandarin
Is this pinyin alphabet used to spell in Chinese Sign Language? Otherwise, which one is used in Mainland China?
Is there any specific rules or, at least, common rules that can help us decide when to use "verb-object" words?
What are simplified characters and traditional characters? Which should I learn first?
Mandarin vs. Cantonese: 令 vs 讓 for making something happen
Can someone help translate 不枉 lyrics to English?
Chinese for 'row' & 'column' in spreadsheets/tables
Difference between 學識 and 知識？
Is 看怎麼理解? a generalized expression for "it depends" in Mandarin? How about for Cantonese?
When writing, do chinese people rotate the page to write more easily?
How are "vernacular" and "literary" readings of characters chosen and used outside of Mandarin?
才能 vs 能 in this sentence
Difference between 儘量 and 盡量?
Handwritten note in chinese
Difference between 水果 and 果实
Could 看不起 work as the Mandarin equivalent of 睇唔起?
Understanding 了: difference between 她上个月去了北京 and 上个月我去台湾了?
Using the word 为止 (with a time phrase)
I want to know what's written in the photo. Especially the name of the company or maker
Can any one tell me about the script or the seals please?
Is "JJ" slang for "penis" in Chinese?
Difference between 可能 and 能
Difference between the verbs 轮 and 轮流 (meaning to take turns)
Difference between 诚实 and 老实 (and possibly 天真)
How can I sort a list of words by frequency or by hsk level?
Past 了 used with a simple object
Can someone explain the meaning of 都 in 我都說?
来 vs 去 usage for the speakers movement towards a place
Chinese loanwords whose characters also carry the corresponding meaning
Differences between 读 and 阅读?
Playing a game, a Chinese player says this: "德莱厄斯两兄弟" What does it mean?
The use of 部 as a classifier in Mandarin
Meaning of 依 in 大凉山失依孤儿
What is the meaning of the 打 in 打坐?
Is "和声细雨" ever an acceptable variant of "和声细语"?
How similar do terms have to be to connect them with 與, 與其，及其？
What is the meaning of 心兴?
"Light reflects off mirror" in Chinese
还 vs 也 for expressing multiple actions
How are individual seconds counted in Chinese?
Single-worded verbs being repeated when use in a sentence
Can one radical contain another radical?
Translation of characters on antique metal
History/usage: 耦 vs. 偶?
If it is possible to figure out pronunciation of Chinese text
從上次我們去那個咖啡店這次是第一次去了: This is the first time at the coffee shop since the last time we went?
How to express: a narrator is narrating an event in the past, and wants to describe an event 2 years before that
Artistic characters?
Can any noun be duplicated like 人人 and 天天?
Wishing a happy 30th wedding anniversary
How do I say "the school was sold to that big company"?
Difference between 偏見，偏私，and 偏心？
Is the layout of the Chinese characters relevant to the meaning?
Spacing Guidelines for Modern Chinese Writing
What phrase do you use to express “don’t use sth”
Why cangjie code of 誤 is YRRVK?
Glossary Implementation
Is 学长/学兄 gender specific？
need help me translate this title and signature?
What role does 很 play in A和B很像?
What is the difference between 书呆子 and 迂夫子?
Difference between 一顿饭 and 一碗饭
vocabulary choice: 导致 / 促使
What is the function of 便 here? And what does the sentence mean?
Appearance should be 現象, 跡象, or 表面？
How to express psychological insecurity (not physical insecurity)?
Do you change your voice when you're surprised, unsure etc. in Mandarin?
Difference between 好看、美丽 and 漂亮
Do Chinese learners find the tone sandhi phenomenon a natural way to pronounce?
How to express "tend to ~" in Chinese?
Can someone translate this message?
How could I translate "一语道破", "一语道破天机"
Grammar: verb + 的 + verb
Help identifying characters on a memorial coin
Chinese names for Lunar Features?
can someone help me edit this essay about u.s. vs. china: college admissions
Is 太君 a derogatory word?
Verbal or transitive arguments to 对
Can someone analyse the word 路 and 㦱？
Say no to Animal Cruelty
What does 惊鸿 mean in this context?
Need help with translating operating instructions
Difference between 持续 and 继续
Why is 狗屎运 a commendatory term?
What does the word "于" mean when it's used along with "不容'?
Why is a measure-word not required in this case?
Mandarin equivalent of 同 when the meaning is "for, on behalf of"
What it mean the name Alexander Esam Abood in Chinese and what it is it’s calligraphy?
Differences in "surprise" translations: 驚奇, 吃驚, 驚喜
Best translation for “confused”: 迷惑，困惑，弄混，搞亂，搞混？
Can anyone identify these characters?
very old chinese language
Difference between words that tell time
What is the purpose of 焉 in 「不近人情焉」?
How do expressions like "二嫂" work in Mandarin?
How do you translate "share" in the context of social media
Taiwanese People Reading Mandarin Audio Files
Does Chinese have an equivalent to “Person A”?
Trinket translation problem
What does 是 in these sentences mean?
What does 是是 mean beyond 是? Is it just a typo?
How to ask for "free-range eggs" in Chinese?
What do these Chinese symbols mean?
How many of the definitions in dictionaries generally are really used?
Which font is the very best (most faithful) to simplified mainland Chinese writing?
Grammar for 看來妳忘了發一個訊息。還是妳有用一些避忌的說話所以中國政府阻擋的
Function of 吧 in 循环吧代码
How do non-Mandarin speakers type Standard Chinese Writing System?
What's the difference between 我住在 and 還活著?
Pronunciation and the usage of 啊
Selling it as soon as you've bought it — Chinese expression
Meaning of 如何 as a single-word declarative sentence?
Is that chinese language is easily learn from watching chinese dramas?
The difference between : 日 vs 号
The meaning of 到 in this sentence?
Asking close friends what they like as souvenirs/gifts
How to modify a two-character verb that has an object using 得?
What is the difference between 覺得 and 想？
Are the wiktionary definitions for 切 qiè correct?
What does this mean in English? (Its upside down I think in the pic)
Especially at the beginning stage, how can one teach Chinese culture and integrate cultural elements into the language class?
"Everywhere" as 到处都 or 到处都是
Why is 就 needed in 美國國務院稱華府仍未就卡舒吉案下定論? If it's needed, shouldn't it precede 仍未?
了 vs 是...的 as "factuality markers"
Translation help needed
Reduplication of the noun 小时 in this sentence
Meaning of 道生一,一生二,二生三,三生万物
Understanding how to use 以後
Are there any fora for conversing in Classical Chinese?
What's the difference between 恭喜發財 and 恭禧發財?
Need help translating writing on painting
What's the difference between 在 and 于 as a preposition?
To 的 or not to 的
Is 受得了 the Mandarin equivalent of 頂得住 in Cantonese?
Chinese school group stereotypes?
"That's so like you!" or "That's typical of you" in chinese
What do the characters I've found on this old gun mean?
What is written in this Chinese painting?
Omitting repeated text with 
Differentiating 着 (zhe/zháo) and 着/到
What is the characters for qilou, the sidewalks in Taiwan?
Proper Way to Address a President in a Formal Letter
What is the difference between 吾 and 我 in 文言文？
Yinwei or Yinvei? 因为
一会 vs 一下 vs 一时 vs 一时半会 vs 片刻
Result complement plus 过
Why is 扬 written twice here?
Why does a search for the Hanja in the Korean word 순진(純眞)하다 yield pictures of Japanese Whetstones?
Can bù (不) change its pronunciation to bú?
How do I translate the words “player” and “team” into Mandarin?
Could you please explain to me the structure of this sentence?
HSK 6 Writing: automatically saved?
Chinese Proficiency tests available
Meaning of 的 and 之 when both are used in the same sentence
How to translate "and" to Chinese
What 意思 means in below?
What do 了 and 好 indicate in this sentence?
At what rate can native speakers of Mandarin Chinese read?
Difference between 必 and 一定
What is the purpose of 一切信息 in this sentence?
What is the best way to ask for a draw in chess?
What language is this tattoo? what does it mean?
What does 嫩主 mean?
Are we allowed to omit 载 when it's clear what we download?
Are we allowed to omit 在 in 在…里，在…内 structure?
How to write Chinese fluently?
How is【的、得、地】pronunced when talking about the difference in usages of 的·地·得?
What is the meaning of 奴 this poem from 红楼梦？
What are the characters for punctuation in older literature?
Difference between 忘 and 忘记
What's the difference between 逼, 迫, and 逼迫? Do they all carry the same connotation of "to force?"
Need translation please
理由的理: specify a character by context
What kind of appearance does 丰泽的肌肤 have？
Help with the confusions around 了
Is 不 A 不 B a grammatical structure like 又 A 又 B?
List of fixed character descriptions (eg. 白勺的)
The difference between 规范，规则，规章，规矩，规定，规律
What are the characters in this seal script inscription on an ancestral altar?
Why 你在笑什么？, why not 你笑在什么？
Sample papers / Mock tests of HSK level 11 (Old HSK)
Clarification of Chinese Language
Is 不要在厨房里留下任何废物 the correct way of saying "do not leave any waste in the kitchen"?
成语 or expression that one is speaking about a topic he knows nothing about
What is "qiou"?
Why is "纸“ used in "肚纸饿”? 为什么说肚纸饿，不肚子饿?
When to use 相比 and 比?
Correct grammar? 她对待客人很友好。
What does my tattoo mean?
What are the differences: 效果 vs. 效应
Difference between 厉害 and 利害
What is the "ba" that 周恩来 used when speaking to Kissinger?
Could somebody explain the meaning of the sentence to me?
Any ideas on the origin of the 绍 character?
What is the colloquial Cantonese translation for "还真是"?
The difference between 和谐，和睦 and 融洽？
木兰辞 original poem
Why does 要 mean "will" and not "want" in this sentence?
How To Interpret 患难见真情
what does triple 有 mean (非汝佛有有有无也明矣)
Is ”一些队员一样太好“ correct?
A better translation of 假作真时真亦假，无为有处有还无。
Using phrase 打不死
What is 汉白玉 and is it 大理石?
How to say "often" in an imperative sentence? (eg. "come back often baby")
Ways of negating statements in Chinese
飛鵝山 final paragraph translation to English
Please may someone tell me what this symbol means?
Help me choose a Chinese name from a list of ideas
Difference between “当…时”, “…的时候”, and “当…的时候”?
The use of 放在 in a sentence
What is the difference of use between 没空 and 没(有)时间?
What is the translation of my guild’s name?
How to translate the famous saying "路漫漫其修远兮，吾将上下而求索" in Li Sao?
照顾 vs 安慰 zhaogu vs anwei
How to refer to 'depression' in Chinese?
How is this sentence translated as "I can't believe it!"
Connotations of 兔子它爹/兔子的爹?
What's the best translation to 「要看两千年的中国，去西安；要看一千年的中国，去北京；要看一百年的中国，去上海；要看十年的中国，去深圳」？
Can someone please translate this for me? I’ve had a piece of metal with this written on it for years but have no idea what it says!
Please help me fix wrong grammar in birthday letter
"To give someone space"
Difference between 很 and 挺
Etymology/meaning of character 绍 and its relation to 介绍
乘 vs 承 - are they related?
辩论 vs 吵架 - both mean to argue?
Congratulate someone for having a baby
I looked for it “until” I found it
How do I translate these verbs?
Does anyone know of a good prescriptive mandarin writing style guide
Why is 尊重 considered 不礼貌 in this context?
How did 孬 become pronounced "nāo"?
催 vs 促使 - cui vs cushi
How to translate "舔狗" to English?
The difference between "忍受不住" and "忍受不了"
Grammar of 大道無門
Informal asian signs for numbers
等待 vs 等候 - dengdai vs denghou
地 in this sentence
Does 再见 work for "goodbye forever"?
How to understand 灵魂 sense of spirit?
Does '到现在' imply a recent change?
必／会， 这个句子为什么用”必“？必 vs 会？ Why does this sentence use "必“？
What is the difference between 安排 and 布置
Difference between 搂抱, 喂抱, 拥抱, 抱抱?
Why is 又…又 structure used to connect verbs here?
Does the word proud exist in Chinese?
What does the notation “【方】” mean in a Chinese dictionary?
How do I say "我不是太喜欢旅游." in English?
参加 vs 参与 - cānjiā vs cānyu
What is the difference between 明确 and 清楚?
Chinese this and that
Using 滿喜由 as a male name in Mainland China
How to say "it's a function of ..." in Chinese?
Different given names in Chinese and English
Optional components in conditional statements
Difference between 一般 and 一样 meaning “same”
How do you say 学霸 in English?
Is the Filipino word "buwisit" really from Hokkien?
What is the common word used among programmers for a bug?
What is the most efficient method in memorising written characters so as to expand written vocabulary?
Grammar question from a Chinese Magic card
What is the meaning of 一草一木 here?
Meaning of the saying 逢着天门
Is the title "二寡妇" synonymous with prostitution?
anybody knows what this means? tatto from my brother
Stroke order for 长
How to list adjectives in Chinese
What is the function 就是 and 对 in this sentence?
無神除神, There is no God but The God
Sichuanese : any tips to learn some vocabulary?
The number of "components" (potentially) to define a Chinese character typeface
Does anyone know this Chinese poem?
A good web font size for Chinese characters
The amount you can adjust a Chinese characters look without it changing meaning
What is 了 doing in the sentence 我出发了?
If there are ever "annotations" above or below Chinese characters
The minimal set of characters containing any stroke a Chinese character might have
Does reading Chinese sentences improve my speaking?
Hello, i have a porcelain with these symbols on it. can someone help me decifer them ? Huge thanks
Can you omit the “的” that is after the verb “举办”？
How do I enter a four-character character using ibus?
What do the first 4 letter stand for? Are they company name that made the tool or something else? ( From history )
When is it appropriate to use 在 with a time phrase?
How to kept Chinese character in mind?
What is the difference between 抓 and 捉?
Difference between 思想，心思 and 思维
How do these characters represent the animals in the Chinese Zodiac?
Translation of oracle bone《甲骨文合集》11503
How to use the phrase "尝一尝"?
Most popular question and answer and forum sites in Chinese
Why so many people pronounce "馄饨" as hún dùn?
Why native speakers always say "一块钱" and write "一元钱 "instead of "壹圆钱"？
When do we use "廿", "卅" and "卌"?
Does pronouncing every word accurately make you sound less like a native speaker?
Why 250 is a rude word in Chinese?
Is the female name 桂英 outdated? Why?
Can “相” ever be translated as “elephant”?
Is the phrase "因为爱所以爱" a tautology?
What word should be used to describe anyone who is counter-revolutionary, that is, one who opposes a revolution?
Does the word 肉 always mean pork (unless preceded by another word which means a different animal) in Chinese menus?
Why 青椒牛 instead of 青椒牛肉 in this Chinese menu?
How to say 'what's the difference between' in Cantonese?
What does 死锤 mean?
Why 中華民國 = Republic of China?
Are 中国 and 中华 synonyms?
Is it grammatically correct to say 西南人?
If 蓝天 means "blue sky", does 青天 mean "cyan sky"?
Should 118 be read as 一百一十八 or 一百十八?
What's the meaning of "氪金"? How to translate it?
What is the difference between "博览会", "交易会" and "展销会"?
What is the difference between「唐人」and「漢人」in Cantonese?
How to translate "detangling knot" or "knot that unties"?
An extremely rare same name used by two people
What are the surnames and given names of these fictional people of the Three Kingdoms?
Chinese paintings
Can I say 在..住? Why we say 我住在？
the leaf always falls down on its root
Please translate the image that looks like breasts
Is there a variant of 溏 without the 口 component that's used in Taiwan?
Is "投个好胎" a proper set phrase/idiom? What does it mean?
How do I use 着呢 correctly?
Can anyone tell me the translation of these words?
What is the use of 色 in color names?
Is the meaning of 把人的牙笑掉 exactly the same as 'laugh your head off'?
Difference between 到处 and 处处
present perfect with stative verbs
How did 子, meaning "child", become a noun suffix?
Dialect in Chongqing and Huaihua
Is this use of 喜得 a typo?
When 少 is used in someone's name, is it always pronounced shào？
How to say "calendar" in Chinese?
When to use a complement?
Can a Good Listener Help Me Translate?
Use of Preposition or Verb with telling time
What is the meaning of 一看 in this sentence?
I have a tattoo, i wish to find the meaning
Uses of interrogatives as pronouns
Can someone please translate my grandfather's signature
Which is better, 其他所有 or 所有其他？
如何把名词形式的 'Nothing' 翻译成中文 How to translate the English noun form of Nothing into Chinese?
Why is 快樂 after 新年
What does it mean to be scratched or scraped?
What exactly does 差不多先生 mean?
What is the difference between 真确 and 真实?
Difference between 余 and 多; the use of 岁 and 年
"学大汉，武立国"? Is it not "国立武汉大学"？
Can anyone read Seal Script? I'm completely stuck
Identifying Chinese tea
What does 管 mean as in "他管我借钱."?
How to understand “有理数贯逼近实数”？
Identify Mandarin word - "kiāng"
Is the 有 in this sentence some kind of auxiliary verb?
Why does 子 work with some nouns but not others as a nominal suffix?
Do the patterns in this New Year card have a meaning?
What does the 月 (moon/month) in the Taiwanese MRT platform's 月台 refer to?
好 vs 住 (in resultative complement)
Are Chinese native speakers more sensitive to tones or phonemes?
'To revise for an exam' idiom
How many distinct characters are there in a typical Chinese book?
Is 你跟家人一般见面？ a yes-no question?
Unknown Traditional Chinese characters on lacquered boards
How to say "oink!" in Mandarin in a family situation?
How to say "martlet" in Chinese?
Are my chinese characters readable?
What is a Singapore Sling drink known as in the Chinese dialects of Singapore?
when is the suffix 边/面 required?
Does cursive script have any order logic?
Were women not allowed to honour their ancestors?
Where can I find a collection of samples of Mandarin spoken words, annotated with pinyin and tones?
Not sure what I should use for "when"?
Meaning of 上不上下不下
Most appropriate word for proxy/substitute/surrogate
Curious about different ways of swearing in Mandarin
Words order: 我们两个是好朋友
On Linux, how do I output Chinese Characters (not pinyin) using tones in the input
How to type Chinese vertically from the right to the left?
Which part of speech is 看起来?
How many English words does 4000-8000 Chinese characters correspond to?
Chinese honorifics + thanking familiar elders
If 衔 means 'hold in the mouth', why bother adding '在嘴里'?
多 as an adjective and adverb
To express surprise with disappointment, if 卧槽 is vulgar, is 苦也 considered a decent alternative?
How does the order of noun modifiers affect emphasis
Chinese Dictionary Question
Meaning of "当鬼"
What does the Chinese text on this card say?
Chinese vocabulary resources - 中文材料
Abbreviations for Parts of Speech
What is the difference between 可是, 但是, 但, 而, 不过, and 然而?
Is ䷊ a chinese character?
In this dialogue, why does 一米八几 mean "more than 180cm tall"?
Why is my translation different from theirs?
Hanzi for xuetou
Help translating writing on a bowl
How to display the "left hand" radical as Unicode text?
Hanzi for "daigang"?
How to say catcall in Chinese? “Catcall” 怎么翻译？
Translation from english into a phonetic Cantonese "Forces of Evil, Come and Obey."
Difference between 图画 and 绘画
Difference between 一共 and 总共
Why Fiorentina is commonly translated as "佛罗伦萨" instead of "费奥伦庭那"？
一...就... vs. 了...就
Does this sentence make sense?
What is the usage with these names?
What could 轰 be a contraction of to mean "what"?
我可不觉得 - agree or disagree?
Difference between 经常 and 时常?
Meaning of 惹人嫌?
More common way to say "squared", 二次方X or X的平方？
Meaning of 纷纷 (fēnfēn) referred to 雨 (yǔ)
Difference between 马上，立刻，直接
Is there any font encoding the second stage of simplification?
What are the best Chinese terms for the correct sense of the English adjective "everyday"?
Why did the actor pronounce 程, "du" instead of "cheng"?
What are some backgrounds and references to obsolete simplified Chinese characters?
What does 臉盆 "washbasin" mean when it's part of the names of dishes in Taiwan?
What kind of words can be followed with "感“？
What are good resources for Chinese calligraphy?
What's the most accessible translation for 修仙 or 修真?
In “我给他打败了”, who defeated whom?
Why 偏 has a meaning of partial?
Could someone tell me if I interpret this sentence correctly?
How to pronounce several consecutive '“三声” characters?
Cookies information
What are the original Chinese characters for the Chinese family name Suening in the Philippines?
在。。。中 / 在。。。下 / 在。。。上
what does 革去功名 mean?
How to interpret 肉麻
Seal identification under a Chinese bronze censer
Differences between 摔，落 and 掉
Translate “当然” with a truning meaning
What does the 呢 in "你听什么呢？" mean?
does 好 mean "it's better to" or "in order to" in complex sentences
Is ㄙㄨㄚˋ (sua4) for the character 嘴 from another Chinese dialect or language?
Glyph origins of the character 拜
How can I ask for extra ingredients in a dish?
Adding emphasis to "you"
Character Components-vs-Simple Characters 成字部和独体字是同一吗？
If Chinese characters are ever used like numbers like in English
How does 子 come to mean 'midnight'?
Place to convert English sentence to interlinear gloss with Chinese sentence
演唱会 vs 音乐会 difference
When should we use proper name mark and how to type it?
Why this header of "世界日报" is written as "世界曰报"？
Help in identifying an object
也许 vs 或许 vs 可能 usage
What is this proverb?
"Sheng" as a male given name
How to say 破釜沉舟 in english?
What does this character mean in Chinese? pubg
How to say "this" in "This is my third time in Taiwan"?
Does 丢 mean "discard" as well as "throw" and "lose"?
If you can use Chinese nouns as verbs, or vice versa
Difference between 小吃 and 零食
What's an effective way of explaining the difference between 思想 and 想法?
Documentation of 不+"x" contractions resulting in "r" sounding initial consonant?
Glossary of Technical Terms relating to Knitting and Knitting Machines. English <>Chinese
Any chance someone could tell me what these characters mean?
Which is used more often, 日没 and 日落
A question about Google Translate
What is the difference between 主菜 and 主食?
What's the missing character: 幼儿为「么？」?
In online gaming, how would you exhort a Chinese teammate to die gloriously?
停止 vs. 停住 usage/difference?
Does Taiwanese Mandarin have the neutral tone?
What does this character mean? (Screenshot)
How to use 者 as "... one who is ..."?
Is there a website for generating xíngshū (semi-cursive script) from jiǎnhuàzì (simplified characters)?
Is "空时间" a valid phrase in chinese? If not, why not?
If you are introducing a menu as a waiter at a Chinese restaurant, how would you say for 主菜, we serve 北京烤鸭, 点心, and 四川火锅?
How do you say or write love yourself in Chinese?
What words are used in Taiwan for a place or person that mends clothing?
Usage of 就 in these two examples
What is the meaning and function of 幸 in "则幸分我一杯羹"?
Is 想必一定 a wrong usage?
Meaning and function of "以" in "子路，人告之以有过，则喜"?
meaning and function of 使 as in "不如小决使道，不如吾闻而药之也"
Whats the difference between 毁灭，销毁，和烧毁？
Touch: difference between 碰，碰觸，觸碰, and 觸
What 蛋 is referring to in "完蛋了"
What's the missing sentence to this rice-planting song："花花铺盖几朵云，刚刚盖到两个人，[.......]"?
Whats the difference between 抛弃，放弃，舍弃, 丢弃？
How to translate "de-"?
How do you translate "I always drink coffee with cream"?
What is the grammatical structure of: 我把你们带到茶馆来。
Differences between 条 and 根
Translate into English this pic
Is the traditional form of 复 always used in “翻天復地" and why?
How to translate "march wearing in one uniform: leadership"
Why the surname 유 (Yoo) is translated as 刘 instead of 余 or 于？
Is the pronunciation of a heteronym in a given name indeterminable unless we ask the person personally?
Should 企 be pronunciated as ㄑㄧˋ or ㄑㄧˇ?
When did "妳" become the second person singular feminine pronoun?
Proper participle
What does this 切 mean here?
What is the meaning of the Chinese word translated to English as "sincerity"
In what cases must I use 了 and in what cases not?
What's the common Chinese term for a chest cold?
Translation of this sign
What does it mean to end a sentence in 没?
Is it known to which bird species 雎鸠 refers?
Difference between 汉语 and 华文
part of speech - "微" 管仲，吾其被髮左衽矣。
Can I get a clue as to the meaning of this spam?
How much is 三百文钱 today?
Benefeciary ： 受益者 vs 获得者
How to say "If you would like to know any updates , you can always call or message me"
Is `方法是通过xxx` a correct sentence? i.e. 中文中,介宾结构能作为名词(宾语)使用吗
What is Alex and John Dent-Young's translation of this passage of the Water Margin?
Is this the character 良?
Thank You : 谢谢 vs 感谢 vs 跪谢 vs 多谢
How to understand 美人只配强者拥有?
Tone 平仄 of the 5th character in a seven-character jueju 七絕
Do people say 一下 as a very colloquial "just a sec"?
All the cases where 的 (de) can be used
What's the function of 让 here?
What title did the merchants who dealt with Canton's 13 Factories have?
Difference in meaning based on position of modal verb
Why does 葛藤(갈등) mean 'conflict' or 'troubles'?
App to learn stroke order and writing chinese characters
What tense is this sentence?
Differences between 访问，面试 and 采访
What derogatory terms are there for Chinese people?
How to formally say : "I am yyy calling from xxx company, how can I help you ?"
Can anyone translate this Seal Script into english for me?
How does word order affect the meaning of a sentence
Usage of 长短 vs 长度
为什么 “也” 发音为 "ye" 但是 “他”发音为"ta"？？？
How do I analyze "是其于主也至忠矣"?
Usage advice: 什么时候vs哪个时候
Error in Book? Need help
What is the character for romantic love in classical Chinese?
How do Chinese people say it when they are proud of someone?
Why is a "thing" called "东西" and not "南北"?
Is this a true translation of a famous quote?
How do you say 头大 in English?
What is 剋 doing in the Cantonese translation of the movie title “Widows”?
What is 異 doing in the Cantonese translation of the movie title “Us”?
How should you start a letter in Chinese?
What does 算不上 mean in 算不上太美好的日子?
Is 电视剧 equivalent to "TV series" or "TV drama"?
How does the score of the writing part of HSK4 gets counted?
Does 飛機 mean airplane, or aircraft?
Asking Chinese mother-in-law to learn pinyin?
Which organization defines CJK Unified Ideographs?
Why is Higher Brothers pronouncing 你 as "nie"?
Meaning of the characters she tatooed on her back (it was supposed to be her name)
Pronounciation and etymology of 啱
What is the difference between 翼 and 翅膀?
How would a person start translating classical stories from the Han dynasty?
译成 To translate from... into
How do you pronounce Erjie?
Is Classical Chinese the shortest language?
what's the best translation for English for the following words?
Usage of 理由 vs 原因
What is the taboo against "fox"?
When handwriting 黄 (huáng; yellow) is it incorrect to have a disconnected 草 (cǎo; grass) radical on top?
How old is the usage of the word 上帝？
Chinese modern vocabulary 包饺子
When was 呌 replaced with 叫?
What is the idiomatic way to say "clothing fits"?
Is there any study on the relative difficulty of native Chinese speakers with different dialects learning another dialect?
"I didn't buy that" without 了
Distinguish between 眼睛 (Yǎnjīng) eyes and 眼镜(Yǎnjìng) glasses
Is referring to Mandarin as just "Chinese" problematic?
What is the difference between 華誕 and 誕辰?
I want to identify the chinese stamp and words on a painting
Journey to the West: "Mother of wood"
What does "明微推远，憭若蓍蔡" mean?
What is 茜 in the phrase 茜纱窗下?
Translation for "what a coincidence"
What does the 过 mean in 我有点过厌他?
Can anyone read Seal Script? I’m completely stuck
Chinese-Chinese dictionary definitions re-using characters from the word
"以" in "敗義以求生， 豈荀巨伯所行邪"
Which is "with" and which is "and" in 与,和,就,跟,同,并,及
Words for "thing"? Different usages? 办法说“事情“或者”东西“？用的时候是一样的吗？
"One" (eg. one must) in Chinese?
Do Chinese people not use "和"?
Using 反切 to determine readings of characters in modern varieties of Chinese
How to say job offer in Mandarin/Cantonese?
Chinese numerals or Arabic numerals?
What is the difference between 元 (圓), 幣, and 金?
Why is "weight" = 体重 and why is "height" = 身高?
敌人 vs 冤家 difference
Is this a correct way to use 呢？
What usage do left tortoise shell brackets (〔) play in plays?
When did the meaning of shi 是 shift from »this« (此) to being a copula (»be«)?
Why “相同意思的词” is called “同义词” instead of “同意词”？
The meaning of “射” and “矮”?
What does 白沾 mean here?
Words related to several 成语 (via 《AB》 → 《-A-B》)
English text from chinese author - What does "It will be better to ..." mean
Help with tones?
Meaning of 重剑 aside from the fencing sword epee
吃 VS 吃掉 difference
一直 yi4 zhi2 in Taiwan rather than yi1 zhi2?
What is the usage of 子 in 「修我戈矛，与子同仇」?
Why is the object placed in the middle of the sentence here?
what is 以及与? is it "and + and", if so why use such a thing?
躲 vs 藏 usage in terms of objects and timing
„Incognito” in mandarin
Why is 到 necessary here?
How to translate 就 into English as in 这就是个很好的例子?
Why is proton called 质子 and charge called 电荷?
Why “mistreat” is translated as "三顿饭" by Google translate?
衰落：decadence or decline?
"The people" translation?
Does 跟 and 和 sounds the same meaning in this case?
生抽 vs. 酱油- differences?
Chinese equivalent of eggcorns?
Substance in Chinese
Chinese Seal on silk painting - what does it mean?
When did 方便面 become 泡面 and why?
Metaphorical "opening" translation
What does 还真别说 mean?
What is the right translation for "replacement class"?
How did 鳥 end up a Kangxi radical but not 烏?
Matrix movie quote question: Advice on saying/translating "There is a difference in knowing the path and walking the path"?
What does 丫 mean? 丫是什么意思？
What is the meaning of 以 in 以 ... 來 pattern?
蘇 (Su) surname Generation Poem
What's the usage/meaning of 就 in this case?
Chinese phrase for residency program
What is the purpose of 并 in this sentence?
Usage of 就 after a noun and before a verb
What is the biggest font by percentage of CJK symbols already encoded?
What are Chinese terms for 'androgynous', 'gender neutral', 'non binary' etc. to imply gender neutrality?
What is the difference between 准时 and 按时?
Are the "h" in pinyin always pronounced as "[x]" in IPA?
大半 vs 多数 usages
Why is "xiang4" in 摄像 and 照相 different from each other?
Please help identify traditional Chinese painting
He “looks like”
What can I do about "Written Chinese"?
Trying to figure out what says here and what this artifact is
How to say "make money"?
Confused about 们 in this particular sentence "你们家有几口人"
Usage of 万 (wàn): ten thousands or just a great number?
The word for clean (verb)
Is the text 若承租人是公司，则必须提供法定代表人资料 official and correct?
Translating "wings" (of a stage)
What's the difference between 兵器 and 武器?
Composed forms of radicals in unicode
Looking for chinese R/C car remote instructions translated
Do Chinese speaking different languages use written Chinese to communicate?
Can anyone translate this seal scrip?
Excuse me, Can I post your photo on facebook in mandarin
Can’t identify this character
Translation of 这庙又不是我家开的
Small Seal Request
Where is 肉 pronunced "you"?
How would one write the following officially?
脑袋 vs 脑子 vs 头脑 vs 脑筋
Are begging and ball homonyms in spoken mandarin?
How did 零 came to mean zero?
What does 有多 mean?
Chinese Poem Crossword Puzzle
Vegetarian and vegan in Chinese
This is a seal on a painting. I have identified several but 8 are still unknown. Please can anyone read this seal?
Meaning of 对拆 (對拆) in 套路 names
how to translate the idiom 阴阳怪气?
A song called "Lu Hua"
What is the 統 in 傳統？
Does anyone out there have an old textbook about learning Moiyen Hakka?
Is it a solvable Idiom Crossword Puzzle?
What does this seal mean? Can it be the seal of a Tang Emperor? It is over 2" square
Is this the seal of Empress Xiaogheghdan? Birth Mother for Qianlong Emperor? It is about 4" square
Translating sentence of Luxun
How do the terms in this sentence modify its meaning?
What is this thing?
How to better identify the location of these land forms?
What does 好 mean in this context?
Idiom, common phrase crossword puzzle
倔强 vs 固执 vs 顽固 usage
part-of-speech of 只有
Logic of the word 上午 (shànɡwǔ, morning)
What's the difference between 都 and 对?
Word in Mandarin that is often used that sounds like "jigga"?
Etymologies and relationship between the characters 錘, 槌, 鎚, and 椎
What about the orthography of 苹 (like in 苹果)? It seems consensus is missing
tattoo on wrist written in kanji
Asking for right answers for 中级 questions
How to distinguish PICTURE OF ME and PICTURE OF MINE in Chinese?
之后 vs 过后 usage & differences
Passage in Seal Script - 18th C Japanese Book of Chinese Poems (?)
Chinese words with non-Chinese letters / characters?
Unusual looking characters at a temple in Hong Kong?
Seal Script Title + Artist Seals
What is the function of 的 in the sentence below?
How would you translate "grit" (personality trait) to Chinese?
褒贬句 In chinese language
Existential sentences that used to be but are no longer
Is there a proverb that means "the squeaky wheel gets the grease"?
Subordination in Chinese
Is this translation English to Chinese translation correct or close?
What does 玄机 mean?
Function of 开了 in 我开车开了半天了
Ten obligations in 三字经
我明天开始放寒假。What is the meaning of 放？
How to pronounce the word 月 (Yue) in English？
Is there a breakdown of the simplification scheme into methods?
Why Chinese subtitles in American shows are relatively simple?
How to ask about chinese firstname?
Is it possible to shorten 你叫什么名字? to 你叫什么?
What is the meaning of 左右着 here?
忍耐 vs 忍受 usage/difference
What book is this passage from?
What exactly does 就 mean in combination with other words?
What do Chinese write on a condolence card?
What is this flute inscription?
What were the tools that Chinese teachers could use in China, before Zhuyin and Pinyn
What is the translation for terms associated with "predatory lending"?
Using 是不是 vs. 吗
Translation of 白眼狼
What's the difference between 主任 and 主管?
Can someone tell me if this script is correct?
Why do we use 做 in this sentence as "being"?
Can You Help Me Translate?
尚活 can still work without 着?
Mixed Simplified-Traditional script on Twins' album cover - why?
A shorter translation of 举案齐眉
Part-of-speech problems about adjectives or adverbs preceding 地
How does 一个， 一位，一名 change the meaning of a sentence?
Translation for 无效
How can i translate "Please fill the code shown" in Chinese?
Why was Jutland transliterated as 日德兰?
How limited are Cantonese dictionaries?
Help with Cantonese correct translation
Help with names for ancient Chinese novel characters
Word count in Classical Chinese vs English
What is the difference between 怕，害怕 and 恐怕
Need Help to Translate Please
將以求吾所大欲也 meaning of 將
When are semi-colons used in Chinese?
Are there any fonts imitating the correct handwritten forms for Chinese students?
Does "免费" mean "free" in terms of price?
Chinese inscription teapot
Chinese Teapot inscription
Difference in word order of these two adverbs: 再 又
马耳他屿, 为什么这个岛屿用了这些字？
How to distinguish two words the same pronunciation but different meaning (gāo jià)
Why does the second sentence use 个?
Why does this sentence use 东西?
Is 来自 a 口语 or 书面语?
Pronunciation of 辆
What is the Chinese equivalent of the English morpheme 'e-' indicating "digitalization"?
Characters for foreign names / places
Is it ok to use colour character in name (not surname character)?
Chinese commentary about a Sun Tzu quotation
Should the second character in 回来了 be pronounced with second or fourth tone?
I'm getting a package and I'm trying to find out what this phrase mean
Difference between 事情 and 事件？
Mandarin equivalent for 返嚟?
How are those "sentence shrinking" exercises called and where to find ones on my level?
How does 巨 resemble a hand (彐) holding a carpenter's square (工)?
Meaning in car/wiring context
Difference between 顺顺当当 and 顺顺溜溜?
Can anyone identify the characters on this seal?
What is the sequence of the Boya Chinese textbooks?
I have a few seals I would like to learn about
Does 现在 make 就 redundant in "你现在就去做。"?
Commonalities in Hong Kong place names
What is the difference in usage between 似乎 and 宛如?
Can 宁和 be used as a real name
What is the original text to the quotation of “The Burbank of Humanity”?
快 vs 快点, what's the point of "点" in this case?
"Please hold the handrail during the whole journey" in Chinese/Cantonese? (As heard in Hong Kong airport trains)
上网 vs 网上 word order
无聊 vs 闷 differences in usage
What is this character: ⿲舌⿳十⿴囗⿱龹贝⿱一八乚?
English translations for the operatic terms 二流 and 倒板?
Etymology of foreign names translated to Chinese
The Meaning of “~” in Definitions
How would I ask for a fade haircut plus a little bit off the top in chinese?
What was money worth during the Republic of China (1912 - 1949) era?
What is "语气词"? Why does this question end with 嘛 instead of 吗?
What is the line “大势一去水东流” from?
How does 遥望却间隔 translate to "Look at the distance?
Add 很 or not in these cases
Can someone please translate what she has on her back?
Why is 弄 (nòng) in 他终于弄明白了?
Why is it 出差去 and not 去出差?
why 对 and not 关于？
Please help me identify the characters on the seal
Various uses of the English "for" to indicate purpose
Why one uses 了 and the other one doesn’t?
What letters (A-Z) have Chinese counterparts?
Glyph origins of '進'
What is difference between 吃 and 在吃?
Origin of transliteration of ~j/sw to ~r in Mandarin
Does 家医院 just mean hospital?
Toponims of China limitrophing countries
Is 呆 just a casual description or a medically-related thing
孤单 vs 孤独 vs 寂寞 usage
How can I find where a dialect word come from?
help translating art seals
Can you help translate this Chinese scroll?
Why is a Big Mac called 巨无霸 (jùwúbà)?
Differences between 移民 and 移居
Uses of 正好 / zhènghăo
Correcting a false negative answer to a 是不是 question
How has "素以为绚" be rendered into English?
What are the differences between 违犯 and 违反?
Why does 努力 which means "to make a great effort" sound so similar to 奴隸 which means "slave"?
What does 东突之敌 mean here?
Where to find questions from the imperial exam?
How do I parse 宋耀如一家用过早餐?
Does 海半仙 have an English translation?
Can someone please explain this term/slang “问个P”
讷 as nò, an exclamation meaning "Here you go"
How do I parse the Zhou Enlai quote 为了中华之崛起而读书?
Which grammatical rule is being used here?
this mughal jade cup, it's "瓜瓣瓢" or "瓜辨瓢"?
Is Autumn being referred to by the female pronoun 她? Is this normal?
How do Chinese people correct their characters?
Why are many Chinese characters almost symmetrical but not exactly symmetrical?
Is "繁体字" a “贬义词”？
What is the difference between words that mean "to throw": 摔, 扔, 投
Difference between words that mean "take by force": 抢 and 夺
What does 暴走 mean?
Different way of saying "throw rubbish" in Cantonese?
Is Putonghua Mandarin Chinese or is it standard Mandarin Chinese?
Back with another question about names!
Can Speak - Can't Read
How correct and how widespread is the usage of writing pinyin "ü" as "yu"?
Why is there repetition of the measure words in 一把把小扇子 and 一枚枚邮票?
Does 害虫 and 益虫 cover different types of animals?
Is it OK to use 子 as a measure word
Difference between 给 and 跟
敢于 vs 勇于 difference in usage
Usage of 能骗就骗 (if you can cheat, then cheat)
Hi! Can You tell me what this Word is (is it a brand?
Fixing sentences with object and complement after a verb
Artist Seal Meaning
Where does the 'nominative object' go?
Meaning of repeated "什么"
What are the characters on this?
How to say 反常识的 in English?
Backwards translation: “It was you who taught me that peaceful protests are futile.”?
What are the differences between 本 and 版 when it comes to edition
there's this theme for android i don't understand the characters, can you help me translate it? (the characters are on images bellow)
Pronounciation of 腺
Indicating degree with 比 and 不如
缺乏 vs 缺少 - differences?
Are there distinctions between the various terms for "Confucius" (孔子, 孔丘, 仲尼)?
Can someone put this chinese word on the TEXT so I can copy it. Thank you!
How to say ‘run for office’ in Mandarin?
受到 vs 产生 - in terms of 影响，兴趣 etc
How do names translate between Mandarin and Cantonese?
Translation needed for painting scrolls
身 as a measure word is it commonly used
How is 果岭 a loanword from the English "green" (i.e.: putting green)?
What is the moral of the short story 三块巧克力?
is 晚 verb or adjective in the sentence 我 晚了一 个半小
是什么 ?系？ when is it right to use it. In Spanish we always use 有什么关系。
What is wrong with this sentence and why? 我们八点上课，老师八点半才到了。
Resource request: Hainanese dictionaries
Differences between 细腻, 细致, 精细 and 深入
Is there a difference between 杀害 and 杀死?
What language is this, Simplified Chinese, or...?
A city is located east/north/west/south of a country; what is the correct Chinese grammar for that?
兹 as a phonetic component
Double (overlapping) separable verbs?
What are the differences between 的,地 and 得?
Is there a Chinese name for the initiality theorem?
What is the proper order to list the noun and adjective when using 的
Translation of "you either speak too quickly or too slowly." without repeating 说
努力工作 用功学习 adjective, verb or adverb
Why does Hong Kong use a different spoken and written language?
What's a good translation for 说法？
Saying “instead of” in cantonese
遮 versus 捂 versus 盖 in terms of usage
What is the function of 哩? (Cantonese)
了 particle usage
Cannot recognise a chinese chracter handwriting
Why does the object come first in the sentence 这本书我要再看一遍?
“The X you asked me to Y” (cantonese)
Can anyone figure out if this tattoo means anything?
Where does "⿲米米産" come from?
Help translating instructions since English website has been shut down
What denomination does 穆斯满教依祥派 refer to?
What purpose did "道搿" serve?
Handwritten shape of 「舟」 when it appears like 「月」 and the component form of 「肉」
What is Eric Bana saying in Chinese in this movie scene?
Help with Zen Painting translation?
What Hanzi-Latin hybrid characters exist?
Is there just one word, 哈密瓜, for both honeydew melons and cantaloupes?
Does the single character 神 refer to "God" (the unique God, such as in e.g. Christianity) or just "god" or "deity"?
Why “外籍球员” is written as "外援" instead of "外员"？
Help with song lyrics pronunciation （我的新衣）?
"Repeat" in Chinese
Conventions for indicating a surname
What are the Chinese characters for the American English word "Dishonored"?
Meaning of the elements of 爵 (baron)
Is there a good monolingual learner's dictionary for Chinese?
Is 家婆 the term for a woman's "mother in law" in Mandarin too?
Is there an English translation of "The Legend of Oghuz Khagan"?
Why is 砼 considered to be dated?
Is lo (咯) valid pinyin?
Why -ian instead of -ien and -üan instead of -üen?
Is the 要...了 grammar structure needed in this sentence?
How to say "Hopefully we can treat each other with more X"
Pronunciation of "轧" in 富顺(县)?
Why is "marshmallow" and "cotton candy" both 棉花糖?
Is 香气袭人 only ever used for a good smell?
Does any know what the translation is?
Writing-out numbers in mandarin till 19999 algorithm
Empathy and Sympathy use same characters in Chinese 同情?
why are Pinyin tones mapped to ⌥ a e v ' on macOS?
What is the correct simplified character for Macau’s Taipa and Cotai?
How do you say, "What's your problem?" in Mandarin？
What exactly does 拆开 mean and is it commonly used?
THE WAY TO OR FROM SCHOOL 上下班
When is it necessary to say “_色的” when telling the color of something?
Why is “的” not necessary when talking about someone's body parts?
What does 经济生活 mean here?
Confused by 的 and 地 in 掉的那么地刺耳
How can I say "孤陋寡闻" in English?
Pewter tea container seal character translation
Why is there a village called "Cat Cat Bamboo" (猫猫箐)?
Pls help translate a short sentence
How does do (做) mean become (成)?
Fonts that compose Ideographic Description Characters into one character
察尔汗: Mongolian and Tibetan transcription into Chinese
了 position with 把 construction
Correct word for shiver 打颤 or 打战
没有 as an answer. Cannot be 不?。
曲子 pronunciation
looking for a chinese simplified fonts which unable to find under the default fonts in Words
Etymology of glyph 袭 = dragon + clothes?
How to type a Simplified Chinese degree symbol on a regular English keyboard?
What do these stickers say?
What is this word (audio)
Is there Chinese slang for sexual references?
What's the difference in use between 教 and 教给?
Sports verbs 打 and 踢: which one is suitable for martial arts?
Question about third tone sandhi in two specific cases
Can anyone tell me what this says
How do you pronounce the name "Liqun"
What is the difference between 王 and 皇?
“管你是[surname] + [name]还是[same surname] + [different name]”
Chinese stroke order diagram styles resources
How widespread is the idiom 蘑菇?
Can 吃 be used for liquids?
Homemaker in Chinese
What does this say
The name of the California high school fraternity, Hi Tow Tong
How to say 'to keep' in Chinese?
How to translate 脑袋短路 into English?
What does 的 do in "现在的Paul已经63岁了“?
make/become friends. 成为朋友，交朋友。 Since we were friends
Why can't I repeat the verb with degree complement in “昨晚我的朋友表达得很明确”?
Does it sound like a natural name?
Seal & Calligraphy translation
Differentiating between adjective and adverb?
How was Switzerland transliterated into Chinese?
Express when festivity or event happens
Good resources that complement HelloChinese?
What is the difference between 保持, 维持 and 维护?
How to say grandparents (as in the collective group) rather than the specific individual?
Express that an event in the past could have occurred, if not for some condition
How do you say mixer in chinese?
Meaning of a Fan Inscription
Translate: This is a love worth killing for
Translation of 飞架 in 港珠澳大桥飞架三地
Translation of 大日如来寺?
What's the difference between 大哥 and 大哥哥?
How did 秘 "bi" become "mi"?
Sentence construction for “whether or not”
What does this mean: 更不是被告?
What is the right Chinese translation of the technical term 'Data Feed'?
What does "起" mean in "饮食起居"
Are Chinese characters always in a perfect square shape, or are there fonts with rectangular characters?
Words for acronym, initialism and abbreviation
Shanghai - DVD Collection?
What is the concept behind 人不坏，没后代?
Object before the verb 每次地理考试我都不及格
这回事 - what does the 回 do here?
How to say "for" in Chinese?
Where did  originate from?
Open Source Character Components Source?
Need help with unknown engraving
Lost Postcard Shop
