What cautionary advice have evangelists given that address Gandhi's concern about "Rice Christians"?
If God is unable to change, why did he (after the Flood)?
What defined a "clean" animal prior to the flood when mankind did not eat meat?
Did any other philosophical systems have as much influence on the early Church as Platonism and Stoicism?
In the Anglican Church, how is the Archbishop appointed?
How do you know when you are truly saved, and how do you live as a Christian afterwards?
Was regular weekly fasting a widespread, formal tradition in the early Church?
Who wrote the Book of Revelation?
What is the basis of the LDS/Mormon prohibition of facial hair for men?
How broad and inclusive is the definition of service in exhortations to serve one another?
Why didn't Martin Luther provide for his family to be taken care of after his death?
Is the Thief on the Cross the exception or the norm for quick salvation?
How does Christianity work with all the biblical covenants?
What are the arguments for and against miracles performed by Jesus?
Why is "being created" considered an imperfection?
Is Joseph Smith the last prophet?
Does a literal reading of Romans 4:25 conflict with Reformed theology?
How do Calvinists interpret 2 Peter 2:1?
Are there any specific rules on everyday life at all in Christianity?
Female Sunday School teachers for 17, 18 year old male students?
How do Protestants in general respond to these points concerning them?
Are Mormons Protestants?
Where did the mockery of Jesus take place?
Is Christianity more friendly to its own Scripture translation than other religions? If so, why?
If Jesus is God, who/where does Jesus pray to?
Was the snake a wayward animal?
What are the theological roots of "my testimony" in evangelism?
What is appropriate age group for an altar call?
How do opponents of Decision Theology distinguish themselves from Universal Salvation?
Does the Gospel imply that the victim in the Good Samaritan parable was a thief himself?
Why did Daniel consider the allotment of food and wine to be wrong for him to eat?
What is the role and significance of Zion in Christianity?
Is the Bible literally the word of God?
Is a confession valid if I only voice the sins I'm comfortable sharing and confess the rest in my heart to God?
Does this scripture shed light on the humanity of the unborn child?
Must everyone live a quiet life?
Why did the KKK "light" aka burn crosses?
Is there any evidence for the claim that the Catholic church suppressed translation of Scripture?
When/why did the [N]RSV become a "Catholic" Bible instead of a "Protestant" Bible?
What determines the denominational "value" of a given Bible translation?
Can a non-Catholic be Canonized by the Catholic Church?
Why is “faith” omitted as a doctrinal consideration in TULIP (five point) Calvinism?
Why was the Bible not available to common people in the Medieval period?
How did Adam and Eve win at Hide and Seek?
What caused the Fall of Mankind?
Can Grace be irresistible and still be a gift?
Does the Bible make a distinction between Christian and secular love?
What are Christians trusting God about, when in fallen world circumstance?
According to Catholic doctrine, how can an angel be a saint?
Does the Bible require us to vote?
Magnitude of the earthquakes of the Book of Revelation
Who were the 40 men who wrote the Bible?
If Jesus was Emmanuel why was he named Yeshua?
Will we not recognize our loved ones?
What is the biblical argument for eating meat, or that vegetarianism is possible but not commanded?
Does "faith" enable "love"?
Why is the term Immanuel/Emmanuel considered to be a title rather than a proper name?
What is the basis for the belief by some groups that a Christian can live a sinless life?
Did Saint Patrick actually explain the Trinity using a shamrock?
The use of the term "scripture" in the Christian Bible
Is reference to "God" as a rock unique to Judeo-Christian usage?
Why did Jesus have to leave for the Holy Spirit to come?
What Christian denominations (if any) permit gay marriage?
Blue plate special as metaphor for the Trinity
According to Two Kingdom theology, could a man hold both secular and spiritual office?
What is the relationship between God the Father and the Holy Spirit?
Does a classic Trinitarian formulation consider God to be his own "Family"?
Do any denominations have a positon on the doctrinal value of Job's friends?
Where, exactly, were Christ's body and soul during the Descendit?
Are there any Biblical passages that say that devil is able to make you doubt your faith?
How does OEC explain the existence of pre-fall death?
Thou shall not kill?
Is God setting us up for failure?
What is so appealing about Christianity?
Do Christian groups which think homosexuality is a sin think you can be a practicing homosexual and also a Christian?
What is the biblical basis for singing in church?
How to answer: "If God is omnipotent, can he create an object he cannot move?"
What is the basis for why certain musical beats are deemed by some to be unchristian or immoral?
Is song a critical component of worship or something that we've just borrowed from example?
How do Christians that do not believe in inerrancy interpret the Bible?
According to reformed theology, is hypocrisy a sin?
What does biblical inerrancy imply?
How do Christians in support of gay marriage interpret anti-gay Bible verses?
What is the role of the Pope?
What exactly is sin?
How is the feet-washing ritual observed during Lent?
Are there any examples of Jesus praying publicly?
From a non-Trinitarian perspective, how is love explained as an attribute of God?
The differences between the NKJV and KJV Bible translations
Which kind of relations are considered incestous in Christianity?
What is the role of "Sign of the cross" gesture in Catholicism?
When did the Orthodox and Catholic Churches distinguish the manner in which the Sign of the Cross was to be made?
What is the historical Christian view on the rebuilding of David's Tabernacle?
Why is the Lord's Prayer different in the NIV and KJV?
What is Holy Water in Catholicism?
What is Heaven's Mercy Seat?
Why do Catholics observe Eucharist every Sunday?
Why can't Catholicism just drop its Marian devotion?
Is Partialism a real heresy?
What does "to pray" mean in Catholicism?
In Catholicism, what does it mean for a priest to bless an object or person?
How do protestants understand Jesus' statement that unless we eat the flesh of the Son of Man we will have no life?
Is "the observer on earth" view common among Creationists?
Can different levels of the Church hierarchy provide different types of blessings?
Can a Sovereign-will authorize personal liberty?
Veracity of Carte Blanche in The Three Muskateers
Is there any tradition that argues for prophetical succession under the Old Testament just like some argue for Apostolic succession?
Does the story of the Rich Young Ruler preclude Jesus from having any money of his own?
Is Jesus the Creator?
What did Jonathan Edwards have to say about the fact that he owned slaves?
What is the significance of the four laws given to early Christians who were not ethnically Jews?
Can you give some example passage that is not so easy to decide whether to interpret the passage literally or metaphorically?
Have Christians opposed "Good Luck" wishes?
Doctrinal significance of the tense and subject of "Adored and Glorified" in the Nicene Creed
On what basis does the Catholic Church teach that women cannot be ordained?
What is the earliest written surviving liturgy?
What is the justification for reciting creeds in public worship according to the regulative principle?
Is it a correct to say that Jesus did not entertain His family’s request in Mark 3:31-35?
What is the significance of dead saints being resurrected to life at the crucifixion of Jesus?
Why is Jesus occasionally referred to as "The Christ"? Is there a different definition between the two?
Nuns wearing wedding bands?
Who believes the incarnation and resurrection wouldn't have happened without Mary's faith?
Can the devil and/or yourself lead you to a wrong form of Christianity?
According to Catholicism, is the Body of Christ the same as the Bride of Christ?
How does the Catholic church deal with the differences between the God described in the old and new Testaments?
How do trinity-believers explain these verses from John 17?
What is the difference between Reformed and Presbyterian
Who are the 144,000?
Why do Mark's and Luke's quotations of the Greatest Commandment have four different words instead of three?
What is the Biblical basis for disbelief in the doctrine of the Trinity?
Has any prominent theologian ever explained why Jesus let a thief be in charge of the money?
What is the reasoning for Latin being the official language of Catholic Mass?
What does it mean to "flee to the mountains" as writen in Mark?
What is the theological basis for readmitting a Protestant preacher to preaching after divorce?
In CS Lewis's 'Transposition' essay, what does he mean, in the last sentence, by 'meaning'?
What was the main reason for excluding 35 latest names from the list of recognized saints by ROC?
Does the Evangelical Free Church allow women elders?
Is there scholarly concensus on the historicity of Foxe's Book of Martyrs?
What are legitimate reasons for a Catholic priest to take a sabbatical?
What is the biblical and traditional support for the Catholic Marian devotion?
What is the difference between "Elder led" and "Elder ruled"?
Does Exodus Ministries' about-face on "pray away the gay" signal a theological change?
Why is Jeremiah 31:31-34 interpreted by Catholic Christians to point toward Jesus?
Does specific authorship of a given book of the Bible "matter"?
Did Jesus visit India?
Why is Jesus portrayed and remembered in a state of suffering?
How do Protestants understand major differences in doctrine between denominations?
Is there biblical evidence that the New Earth is our final destination?
Did CS Lewis see 'pleasure' as being the purpose of our existence?
What is closest thing Baptists have to a catechism?
Did Martin Luther ever remove books from the New Testament canon?
Is there Biblical support for Christians basing their beliefs on extra biblical texts?
What does the LDS church teach about what men and women did or do in the pre-existence?
How is doing 'what is right in the eyes of everyone' different from being 'politically correct'?
Is Jesus eternally the Son of God the Father?
What is the scriptural basis for believing that God wants us to know an action is morally, objectively right or wrong?
What support is there in the Patristic writings for Marian Devotion?
How do Reformed Baptists view Dispensationalism?
When the humans' freedom of choice was firstly stated in Christianity?
HOW good will our joy be when we reach the ressurection? Infinite, transfinite or finite?
According to the Catholic Church, do animals have free will?
What is the Roman Catholic position on the validity of the marriage between an infertile man and infertile woman?
Why is globalization the mark of the beast?
Is it true that Luther intentionally mistranslated Romans 3:28?
Trinity (Christians) = Trimutri (Hindus)?
Has Protestant-led public bible study ever been viewed by Roman Catholics as violation of the Magisterium?
Which temple is being referred to in Acts 2:46?
What is the argument in support of personal interpretation of the Scriptures?
Are Christians supposed to be like-minded?
Do Mainline Presbyterians oppose Satisfaction Theory? Is this why "In Christ Alone" was rejected for their Hymnal?
How has the Catholic Church interpreted the tearing of the temple veil?
Could you please help me locate this hymn?
Is Thomas of Aquinas's idea of 'beatification' still held?
What is the Septuagint?
Who symbolizes Christ in J. R. R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings"?
What are typical Christian responses to The Grand Inquisitor?
Is it biblical to burn the heretics?
Why do Mathew and Luke present a different order of Satan's temptation of Jesus?
Psalm 14 and psalm 53 are similar?
Why do Roman Catholics show devotion to the Sacred Heart and Immaculate Heart?
CS Lewis said time would probably continue in Heaven...But how?
What is the biblical basis to say it is the duty of every minister to know his congregation?
How could a seventh-century heretic have possessed papal infallibility?
Is the New Covenant a unilateral or a bilateral covenant?
What biblical or historical reasons have been given for avoiding creeds & catechisms?
What Apostles-Creed affirming groups claim priesthood of Melchizidek?
CS Lewis said time continues in Heaven...Peter Kreeft says that is exists more as a 'point'...which is right?
In what manner did Christian baptism differ from ritual washing as part of Jewish Teshuva (repentance.)
Do United Methodist Church members really eat ham during Easter?
From a Fundamentalist Church standpoint, what is its equivalent of a catechumen?
Does the Holy Spirit indwell the Christian, and if so, how?
From a "traditional", Trinitarian perspective, what is the effect of the doctrine of sin in the doctrine of creation?
Did John Calvin teach that God creates certain souls only to be destroyed?
Isn't CS Lewis's idea that time is still successive in Heaven frustrating?
Why is death a vital piece of God's plan in LDS theology?
How much water is necessary for baptism (Catholic perspective)?
What is The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints view of historical-critical methods?
Bible Translations and Omissions
Is John Piper a five point Calvinist?
Which type of Baptism is preferred in today Catholic Parishes?
What did David mean in Psalm 39:13?
What do immersionists believe it means to be buried with Christ through Baptism?
What is meant by "love covers over a multitude of sins"?
Does the indwelling of the Holy Spirit encompass a person's body, soul and spirit?
In "The Ball and the Cross" where did McIan go wrong?
Do any denominations believe in reincarnation?
Meaning behind skull at the base of a cross?
Any mentions of Environmental protection in Bible?
What is the source of the phrase "in your chamber bewail your sins"?
Does anyone know where CS Lewis said (or maybe implied) the following...?
Does James contradict Jesus when he says some foods should not be eaten?
Do any Lutheran denominations (or parachurch reform groups) successfully represent "repristination theology"?
What does the Bible teach about domestic discipline?
Does 1 Corinthians 9:27 contradict the doctrine of "The Perseverance of the Saints?"
How can Dietrich Bonhoeffer's inclusion of non-Christians be explained theologically?
Has "angels walking among men" been invoked to solve theological problems?
Praying with non-Christians as evangelism?
How is the Catholic interpretation of the Woman of the Apocalypse as being Mary reconciled with the dogma of perpetual virginity?
How do Protestants respond to the JW interpretation of John 14:28?
In which Christian denomination(s), do people plan their weddings around the bride's menstrual periods?
What was the Sin of Gomorrah?
What is the origin of the idea that Michael is Jesus?
Is this a mistake in The Book of Mormon?
Can you give example about prophecies that have and haven't been fulfilled?
How does Original Sin come back in man even after being washed at the time of baptism?
Is the philosophy of René Girard compatible with mainline Christianity?
Does God punish babies and children who die in sin?
Do humans have free will?
Are these the same 2 trumpet blasts?
Do Catholics psychologists have a moral obligation to treat homosexuality as a perversion?
Why does God command us to have children?
Did the devil reject God in heaven?
Is it immoral to allow children to believe in Santa Claus?
If God is omniscient how can he "Forget our Sins"?
Does infant baptism determine the child's afterlife, according to practitioners?
If God is omniscient , He would have forseen how He would send the flood and kill everyone
Does the concept of Gentile exist in Christianity?
St. Thomas Aquinas' contingency proof and LDS cosmology
Why has Mary Magdalene been portrayed as a prostitute?
How do JWs respond to Jude 9 in light of Matthew 4:10?
How is Matthew 18: 8-9 explained in the context of non works-based salvation?
Does the Bible or Church tradition differentiate marriage from partnerships?
How does Proverbs 2:21-22 not disprove "once saved, always saved"?
Who uses the term "God-talk", and what do they mean?
Is there a Biblical basis for believing someone can be saved after dying and going to Hell?
What are the various eternal destinies or after lives that are possible in LDS Mormon Doctrine?
Why did God change Jacob's name to Israel?
Why didn't the KJV translators transliterate יהוה?
Why did the KJV translators translate יהוה on the extremely rare occasion as IEHOVAH rather than LORD?
When and where did the Catholic tradition of first communion at 7 years old start?
What is the dominant "Other Christianity" of the Members of the US Congress from the Dakotas?
How do those who hold doctrines that God is omnipotent and omniscient answer what 1 Corinthians 1:25 implies?
Blasphemy Against the Holy Spirit
Why does God punish people?
Do Latter-day Saints believe Muhammad is a prophet?
Are there any passages in Sacred Scripture that explicitly describe apocalyptic weather patterns?
Why are sandals considered to be unholy?
What is purpose of being ready for the End Times?
What has been said about happy unbelievers?
Does 1 Corinthians 2:9 mean Heaven will be more joyous than we can contemplate?
If one's entry into the church is solemnized by baptism, then how does one leave the church?
Did Judas betray Jesus willfully?
Does Cain still have descendants on the earth?
Does God's knowledge increase in time?
Is it orthodox to abandon the concept that God of the Bible is person, but say that He is spirit?
What is a gospel, and how many gospels are there in the Catholic Bible?
What terms have been used by missionaries to Islamic countries to describe Islam?
Are any Greek or Roman gods mentioned by name in the Bible?
Are Job's seven sons and three daughters in Heaven?
How do Orthodox Bishops and theologians view the Church Fathers' definition of the word "catholic?"
Are angels spirits?
Why did God only cure Naaman?
How did the Crusades affect the Pope's power and authority?
Why are all angels masculine?
What is the difference between Magisterial teaching and Sacred Tradition in Roman Catholicism?
Do Proverbs and Ecclesiastes have polar opposite views of wisdom?
Why aren't the books of the Bible in chronological order?
Harmony in the pseudepigraphal writings?
Is the present-day Roman Catholic Church the same church on which it was founded?
Why is Satan called the prince of the power of the air?
What did the Early Church Fathers think about pets (animals) going to Heaven upon death?
Are wives still called to be a "help meet" for their husbands?
Is the Gospel book censed, or the reader, or both?
Where are the majority of Roman Catholic converts from today?
Is it moral or immoral for Satan to punish souls for immoral acts?
How does fasting affect violent situations not under my control?
Why do Jehovah's Witnesses not celebrate birthdays?
Which Christian groups prohibit playing cards, and what is their basis for doing so?
Do Rastafarians believe in Jesus as the Way to God?
What is the baptist view on "gambling" in scenarios like "Jeopardy!"?
Did Martin Luther believe the Church needed to be reformed before the Great Schism of 1054AD, or after?
Does everything happen for a reason, and what is the biblical support for the different views?
What is the basis for saying "God bless you" when a person sneezes?
Can or should a consecrated Host be adored by way of a live Eucharistic televised broadcast?
How did the Crusades affect the King's power?
Does John 14:16 really talk about prophet Muhammad?
Why do the Abrahamic religions tend to keep sexuality in the private sphere?
Is there a Christian basis for using garlic, crosses, and holy water against evil?
Is an intellectual comprehension of the gospel by the earthly mind required for salvation?
What is the Bible's take on the existence of dinosaurs?
Do any Christian groups regularly practice the "lifting up of holy hands" during prayer?
What are the oldest surviving manuscripts of the scriptures?
Seraphs in the Bible?
Why does a beheaded saint have the halo above the stump?
In which denomination(s) are Christians allowed to bury and hold a Christian funeral for their deceased nonreligious or just non-Christian relative?
Is there a prescribed posture for prayer?
Are the gospels comparable(equal) to contemporary works of historians?
What passages of Scripture were used by the popes and crusaders to justify the Crusades?
In what situations does the Bible say it's acceptable, perhaps, to do an action you might consider sinful?
Who Were Mark and Luke?
Who is Jesus referring to when he is speaking to the daughters of Jerusalem?
Is the “Dome of the Rock” the “Abomination of Desolation” spoken of by the prophet Daniel?
What is the "veil" that covers the heart when the Old Testament is read?
Where did the "humans become angels" tradition come from?
Was "No prophet ever came out of Galilee" sarcastic?
Was Charles Haddon Spurgeon a five-point Calvinist?
Do Pope Francis' recent comments on atheism represent a change in doctrine?
Why didn't God decide where the temple should be built during the exodus?
Is Christ's love for us greater than the Father's?
What did Jesus mean by saying "only a few find the narrow gate"?
Why was Christ's sacrifice such a big cost?
What did Jesus mean in Luke 18 vs 25
Fallen Angels worshiped in ancient civilizations?
What is the basis for the position that only Paul's writings are applicable to the church today?
What is the argument AGAINST the position that only Paul's writings are applicable to the church today?
How does Christianity deal with biblical criticism related to the Old Testament?
Why did Jesus change Peter's name, according to non-Catholic theology?
Does Exodus 19:8 imply a will of the Jews to fulfill the Law in their own strength?
Can a Catholic ask for protection from a priest in case his/her spouse has filed a no-fault divorce?
We can't say for sure when angels were created, but can we even say if angels were created at all?
For Eastern Orthodox churches, what are the main references concerning Biblical Interpretation methodology?
Are the Disciples of Christ trinitarian?
Which liturgical rites (forms of Mass) are presently used in the Roman Catholic Church?
Does God require us to have faith because Adam and Eve sinned?
How does Jesus' death and resurrection save humanity?
What is the history of the "Sunday School publishing industry"?
To whom do the Eastern Orthodox Church's believe the "Keys to the Kingdom" were given by Jesus?
Biblical literalness and the speed of light
Comparison of worth to the Father between Jesus and His people
Which translation of Augustine's Confessions is the easiest to read in English?
so few churches acknowledge singles in light of 1 Corinthians 7: 6-9 is this an oversight?
Why does no one know what Jesus looks like?
Was God living in darkness before the creation of light?
Catholic's view on artificial self-enhancement
What is the creationist view on animals equipped with lethal weapons?
Why did the disciples cast lots when the Holy Spirit was promised
How do Old Earth Literalist handle the Biblical Earth age?
Seeming paradox arising from idea of eternal life
Was Jesus perfect his entire life? - Isaiah 7
The Eunuch being converted by Phillip?
Example for children of common sense in the Bible
Is there a good example of believers seeking out advice from other believers in the Bible, especially one that is a story children would understand?
How do we know that Satan, Lucifer, and Devil are the same guy?
Is *infallibilitas in credendo* a new or established doctrine within the Roman Catholic Church?
What is the biblical basis for the idea that the church is a hospital for sinners?
With the priesthood of all believers do we need priest or pastor as church leaders?
Why are Kingdom Halls sometimes built in the "quick-build" manner?
Where did the Petrine title of "First Among Equals" originate?
What evidence is available that Mt. Moriah is actually the Temple Mount?
Under Catholic dogma can someone publicly rebuke the Pope like Paul rebuked Peter?
To which prophets does Peter refer in 1 Peter 1:10-11?
What are the reasons for having special names for God/ Jesus?
Is there anything in the Bible that suggests joy in Heaven is greater than best of Earthly joy?
Are there equal numbers of male and female Christians?
Does the taxpayer take any part in funding Christian Churches in Britain?
Can theological trends explain reasons for male / female divide in (US) worship?
What is the biblical basis for restricting administration of the sacraments to ordained church leaders?
Do most Christian scientists have a Literal Creationist viewpoint?
To whom does Pope Francis confess?
How many children did Adam and Eve have?
What questions raised by ancient Greek philosophy were answered by Christianity?
Can you proof trinity by Jesus's words alone?
What were the early Christians officially persecuted for?
Commandment about idols and idolatry in OT
What is the symbolism of the Peacock?
Are we saved by grace or works?
What does Karl Barth imply by God entrusting us with a "nobile officium"?
What is the Biblical basis for thinking that Jesus died for me specifically?
What is a spirit attachment?
What is the Roman Catholic stance on levitation?
Old Roman Catholic Bibles having indulgence charts?
How young do children start to receive communion regularly in Eastern Catholic/Orthodox churches?
Are there any well-known Christian nihilists?
Why is the Bible said to be twisted like a wax nose?
Why was David disqualified from building the temple?
When was it first said in Christianity by a Church Father that heretics must be put to death?
What is theological root of global warming skepticism?
Is there any Biblical prophecy about Damascus?
Who pays for Protestant seminary education for aspiring ministers?
Why was Jesus called the King of the Jews?
Is it impossible to think that after judgment day being thrown into hell and then not existing after that is way worse than being in hell?
What are the differences between Mormonism and Islam, and how do Mormons react to comparisons with it?
How do classic Trinitarians answer the implications of Revelation 1:1?
Why does Jesus have to be fully God and fully man? Is it not sufficient to be the son of God and fully man?
Under what circumstances is disobeying a bad law justified or even obligatory?
Why do Catholics recite the phrase "Thanks be to God" during Mass?
What do Chinese Christians wear to a Western or Chinese Christian funeral?
How to interpret the ban of unions between believers and non-believers?
Who was the first to describe Methodists as the "People of the Extreme Center"?
Is manhood defined in the Bible?
Did it ever happen that a Christian died simply because he had no food at his disposal?
Does the Bible forbid a man from dressing like a woman?
What ever happened to the ostiarius?
What 'cubit' did the Lord refer to in Genesis 6:15?
What are the requirements for establishing an Eastern Orthodox church or mission?
What is the endgame for sedevacantists?
What is the nature of the theory for Pope Joan and the evidence that substantiates it?
Were the medieval popes examined on a toilet-lid-like chair to establish their masculinity?
Why do people say that God denounces the handicapped in the Bible?
What does it mean that Eve was beguiled?
What is biblical view on curiosity?
Why did God give man an imagination?
Did those feet in ancient time walk upon England's mountains green? (Origin of the story)
Under a Protestant perspective what sort of ‘sacrifices’ as a symbolic priest can a believer perform within the ‘priesthood’ of all believers?
What evidence is there that the Herodians were distinct from mainstream Phariseeism?
Why was Jesus called Jesus, and not Immanuel?
Are there other biblical examples of people turning into pillars of salt?
Why does Paul emphasise that Jesus is the Son of David in 2 Timothy
Age of accountability?
According to the Catholic Church, will we have physical bodies in heaven?
Why are the other names of God not used in Christianity?
When Meister Eckhart deliniates the "ground" and "powers" of the soul, what is he differentiating?
When Jesus was nailed to the cross, did the nails go through his hands or through his wrists?
Did Plotinus get his ideas from the Bible?
When were the Fasting Patterns of the Eastern Orthodox Church Established?
Where does the Old Testament mention "the devil"?
According to the Catholic Church, do guardian angels graduate?
What is the source of the belief that the deceased become angels?
Why did Jesus say that "Mary has chosen the better part"?
What does Ravi Zacharias mean when he says "Intent is always prior to content"?
What does the Bible say about a father walking his daughter down the aisle at her wedding?
What is the biblical meaning of "believe"?
Is a Roman Catholic obligated to believe in the Trinity?
What is the origin and purpose of a new bishop being questioned by a layperson?
How does our work on this earth transfer into the new earth when God returns?
Is there any Method in Methodism that people practice?
What are Presbyters in Presbyterian groups supposed to be?
Is it against the Bible not to have a funeral for a family member who dies?
Who says, "If you are going to Heaven, you will know it"?
Where in the Bible does it mention that God mourns with us when we mourn?
What prophesies are people alluding to when they say "look at the Middle East"?
How to receive the gift of tongues according to the New Testament?
Any instructions given by the church fathers on how to receive the gift of tongues?
Any instructions given by contemporary prominent preachers on how to receive the gift of tongues?
Did God create Earth as a temporary place of confinement for Lucifer and his Angels?
Eating of unclean meat
At what age and how do young Catholics know or be notified that they have committed a mortal sin or a venial sin?
What is the history behind Angelus prayer?
What is the way of Cain, the error of Balaam and the gainsaying of Core (Korah)?
Is God still in the process of creation?
What is the difference between an "issue of covenant" and an "abomination to God"?
Why did Pope Francis say, "When we encounter the Cross, do we turn to Mary," rather than to Christ?
Do any denominations object to writing/ saying "the god" instead of "God"?
Does the Lutheran view of pope as AntiChrist stem from doctrine of justification?
Did God create man to replace the fallen Angels?
Did God create man to worship and praise Him?
Which denomination allows homosexuality and why?
Original number of angels and fallen angels
How do churches (specifically WELS) proselytize while barring all forms of fellowship?
How do practicing Catholics keep track of all the sins they commit before going to Confession?
Does Satan still masquerade as a angel of light among Christians?
In Romans 8:1, what does "in Christ" mean?
Could you add in romans.8:1 "made righteous" either just before "in Christ" or after "in Christ"?
Do holy relics lose power over time?
Were the sins of the Israelites forgiven with the animal sacrifices or simply held in abeyance until Jesus death on the cross?
Why do many churches use grape juice in communion?
Why was heliocentrism such a threat to Roman Catholic leaders that their proponents were threatened to be burnt at the stake?
Is it Proper to State that Chalcedonianism is a Moderate Position In-between Nestorianism and Monophysitism?
What evidence do we have that Blind Bartimaeus approached Jesus naked?
What is the English monarch's current relationship to the Church of England?
How do Jehovah's Witness view divorce?
Were the similarities between the miracles of Elisha and Jesus deliberate or simply coincidental?
When Did Catholics Cease to Fast as the Orthodox Do?
How trained are the elders in the Jehovah's Witness denomination?
Is the desire for a spiritual mother natural to mankind?
Can a gay/lesbian person get to heaven?
Was the Lord with whom Abraham negotiated material or Holistic?
Was Jesus two separate individuals in one body?
Does Catholic doctrine teach that the Incarnation would have taken place regardless of Adam's decision?
What Christian groups believe sex was the original sin, and not disobedience?
Did church fathers ever deal with "Bible requires brutality" critics?
What are Lutheran teachings on salutary effects of communion?
Why do Latino Christians treat their patron saint's day more importantly than their birthday?
What did Luther consider to be novel in his theology of creation?
Since Satan was defeated by Jesus on the Cross, why is he still allowed to vex us today?
What is the Catholic response to the Eastern Orthodox view that the Immaculate Conception remove Jesus' ability to redeem all of humanity?
Why is there so little written on the greatness of the happiness in Heaven?
Is Job's statement that his redeemer lives and would stand upon the Earth, a statement of faith or a prediction of Christ?
Were all the various systems of Gnosticism Docetist?
Does eternal damnation still exist?
Do non-christians of other religions have salvation or not beacuse they don't believe Christ is Lord?
What does the Bible say about this question- Why do Jesus and God have two seats in heaven when they are the same God?
Saints in Heaven?
Is it a good guess that Heaven's joy surpasses even the keenest felt here?
Which scriptures tells us that Jesus laughed or was happy?
What is the meaning of the following Bible quote
Were those who perished in the flood of Noah eternally damned?
Why not the Orthodox beliefs instead of splitting away?
What is the role of a "Methodist lay pastor"?
Can humans fall in love with each other in heaven?
Is "Rapture" or "Caught up alive" in contradiction to God's words "Dust to dust"?
Where can I find the Orthodox response to the Augsburg Confession?
What is the difference between Presbyterianism and Evangelicalism?
What properties does Christianity attribute to God
Other than Augustine, which Church Fathers have directly influenced John Calvin's teaching of "double-predestination?"
What made Luther a heretic and not a schismatic?
What are the good Bahasa / Malay / Indonesian words to refer to the Christian God?
Did St. Thomas come to India?
Did Jesus ascend to Heaven twice?
Christian Toleration
What languages were used during Mass from paleo-Christianty until the Council of Trent?
What did CS Lewis mean by 'art'?
Who was Chuck Smith, and what was his place in Christianity?
Do mainstream believers believe there was a large interval of time that elapsed between the fall of angels and God speaking creating the universe?
What have prominent theologians said about Halloween?
Why did God create man with the ability to sin?
What is the definition of 'free will' as explained in the Bible?
Is the Babylon of Revelation 14 the same as the Babylon of Revelation 18?
Why didn't the Jews understand "Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani"?
Why did Jesus say he came to create division?
Do spirits/souls make decisions/think?
Is there a standard version of the Bible?
What's a list of theological terms to describe how one approaches the bible?
Should Catholic christians be obligated to use in vitro fertilisation? If not, why not?
How does Pope Francis's popularity compare to Pope Benedict XVI's?
Can anyone explain Pope Paul VI's arguments in favor of Padre Pio?
The stone in front of our Lord's Tomb
How and when Pentecost People raised in this world recently
Clarifications on the concept of Trinity according to Catholic creed
How do you get to be in Christ?
Jesus said he was sent only for the lost sheep of Israel, so what is their destiny, according to Catholicism?
How do Christians respond to and/or explain the similarities between other societies' Gods and that of Jesus
What word did Jesus use for God in Aramaic?
Why do Salvation Army members wear uniforms in the church?
Salvation Army and the brass band
Modern musical instruments in Catholic church service
Did Jesus tell us that at the Bema judgment Minister, Evangelists, and etc. would face a higher standard of judgment than other Christians?
Life of Jesus from the age of 12 to 30?
Will Elijah return before the final judgement?
Are white lies sometime justified?
What is the difference between belief and faith, from a Protestant perspective?
Is there a converse of "judge not, lest you be judged?"
Was the Tabernacle and its furnishings a copy of things in Heaven?
Digital versions of Greek Bibles
Man Exists in earth
What is the Catholic Church's attitude to the use of Viagra in marriage?
Is there consensus on the age of human civilization?
Does the Bible prescribe any rules for who may attend and "join" a Catholic church?
What is the difference of the 10 commandments from other Biblical laws?
How do decentralized churches/denominations practically deal with "brothers" from another denomination in light of Matthew 18:17
A little more about natural law, the rules and punishment within natural law?
Natural law, accident
What's the difference between 'Divine Providence' and 'Holy Spirit' in this statement?
What about the "beforelife"?
Is there really a Catholic "blessing for bacon?"
What is the historical origin of this hat [image] - worn by Pope Ratzinger
Is it just Christian Ministers who are Watchmen, or are we all...Ezekiel 3
What is the official Roman Catholic Bible?
Is the Eternal imperative?
Are all of the red letter text the words of Jesus?
Why are Holy See-PLO's relations "special"?
Was the Synagogue of Satan the same as the Synagogue of Libertines?
What is the thesis of the church towards asexuality?
What does it mean that the Virgin was assumed "in body" in Heaven?
What biblical (scriptural) basis does a Christian have to command the blessings?
Using context in interpreting Scripture
What is the theology of the Semi-Arians?
Was the Son eternally begotten?
Why does the Son have a source of existence?
Are Left handers servants of the devil?
Is this about 'sehnsucht'; in which case, can God be Pleasure manifest or is he a being who is full of pleasure?
Why did God relent on killing Moses when Zipporah circumcised their son?
Why does the Pope include himself among the sinners?
What does Isaiah 2:22 mean?
What does Acts 13:39 mean?
What is the biblical basis for ascribing theological worth to "human dignity"?
How did the livestock of the Egyptians die twice?
Do we know which sea Jesus calmed?
How do Christian theologians view and/or use Jewish commentators?
Why is it that so many Churches have a problem with Halloween but not with the other pagan holidays?
What biblical verses have been used to justify or even inspire working women?
Is dressing oneself in formal attire on Sundays (Sunday hat and dress) solely an American Christian custom?
How do missionaries communicate to people in foreign countries without previous exposure?
What is "New Creation" according to Protestants?
What is "New Creation" according to Catholicism?
Does God consider nudity a sin?
Is the beast of Revelation 13 the same as the beast of Daniel 7?
In Roman Catholicism, what is the right way of praying for the salvation of departed souls?
How is the Son begotten?
Why does John 1 say "the Word was with God" and not "scripture was with God"?
What is the difference between original sin and a sin nature?
Can humans aquire 'infinite' joy when they are finite beings?
"καὶ στρατείας κλῆσις" - Cyril, Procatechesis, §1
Are there any churches that claim to be Sola Sciptura that also are pro gay-marriage?
What is the difference between "belong fully to God" and "belong to God"?
Who were the non-gentiles implied in Matthew 6: 32?
Why is God three persons rather than four or more?
Why did John the Baptist compare the holy spirit with dove?
Was incest allowed by God before?
What crime was committed by the "thieves" crucified with Jesus?
How do Catholics explain Jesus' words to the thief on the cross, in light of the doctrine of Purgatory?
Why is the Bible divided into Old Testament and New Testament?
What is the Obsolete Covenant?
When did the insertion of title-page for Old Testament and New Testament started?
How can you serve God when you can't see him?
How do Protestants view "Catholic" miracles, such as those that attest to a saint?
Are Christians monotheists and what is the nature of Jesus? (i.e. Give me the basics of Christianity please)
Could there be a "Newer" Testament? If so, how would it become canonical?
What is the meaning of the statement in Genesis 4:26 stating then began men to call upon the name of YHWH?
Doing Good Deeds In the Sight of Others
Why doesn't God stop suffering?
Is faith the only thing we need to attain salvation?
Why fasting prayer?
Why (and when) did the Apostles stop requiring exactly twelve apostles? Why was James not replaced?
Who is the "Seed of the Serpent" spoken of in Genesis 3?
Why would Jesus begin to be called the Son of God?
Was Jesus command to watch in Matthew 26 just for that night or was it a general caution for the Church?
What specifically is in the Pentateuch that later writers could not have known?
Does Christianity allow allegorical readings of creation and the deluge?
How did Moses write the events which happened ~2000 years before him?
How many Christians believe there is time in Heaven?
Is there an evidence about the doctrine of Christophany in the New Testament?
Is the title of Jesus "Son of God" synonymous with "Messiah"?
Is there a scripture affirming the begetting of the Word?
Is the experience of God the fulfillment of all our desires here...or an unknown quantity?
What exactly is manna?
How do young Catholics remember a set of prayers in order to pray the rosary?
What are the 'Scriptures' mentioned in 1 Corinthians 15?
Does 2 Peter 1:10 teach salvation can be gained through faith plus works?
Is John saying that Christ is God and eternal?
In 1 Peter 4:18, what does Peter mean by the righteous having difficulty to be saved?
Why is "in the name of Jesus Christ" usually used at the end?
Is the Society of St. Pius X schismatic or not?
Why does the Catholic church have so many Masses throughout the week?
Do Christians still make icons?
Is Catholicism a "works" denomination?
What is Matt Redman's denominational background?
Does Christianity claim itself to be the final revelation from God?
How could Jesus get through locked doors?
Why is there no marriage in Heaven?
Can you refer to the Trinity as "Others"
Why Can Prostitutes Come to Solomon?
What is the Mormon position on keeping weapons and on war?
Does it actually SAY that Heaven will be joyous in The Bible?
Does the garden of Eden still exist?
How did the Willow Creek church come to allow and encourage women in leadership?
How to find bible verses?
How to pronounce references in the Bible?
What is the purpose of other planets and solar system according to the bible?
What is the Biblical basis for "God's already forgiven you" teaching?
What is or are the mechanism(s) behind the naming conventions for a church building or organization?
How old is the earth?
Forgive Others As We Have Been Forgiven?
Curious re: Scientific evidence
What is the historical and theological basis for Protestant anti-Catholicism?
Did Jesus preach One God and follow the commandments to the Jews, and another message to the Romans?
Why do folks clasp their hands and bow their heads when praying?
"Ask and you shall recieve" Can we ask for anything?
What are some good resources that explain the rational reasons behind the faith for a questioning Atheist?
What exactly is hermeneutics and exegesis?
When and why did the Catholic Church first start issuing annulments?
What are the necessary circumstances that qualify a marriage for annulment in the Catholic Church?
Are those that enter into a marriage that is later annulled required to do any penance?
What is the Biblical basis for a resistable enabling (prevenient) grace?
The land of bread and honey or just a diversion?
Prevenient Grace - Negative Responses to Scriptural Examples of It
did GOD predestinate all of us?
Does The Revelation chapter 20 tell us that the Rapture will take place after the millennial reign of Christ?
How to know when a text on religion is using hyperbole to describe Heavenly joy?
When was it first said in Christianity by a Church Father that heretics must be tortured physically?
What is the evidence that the bones found under St. Peter's Basilica are actually St. Peter's bones?
How did Gideon win his battle against the Midianites?
Why have Ministers and Preachers stopped preaching on Hell?
Evidence towards Christianity
Do we find any (even hazy) references in non-Jewish traditions about Jesus, as promised saviour?
Is there any scriptural support for the belief of convulsions/seizures being a sign of the Holy Spirit's presence?
If Hell does not exist would God have sent Jesus to die?
What is the Roman Catholic interpretation of John 3:16?
Was the Trinity still a Trinity when Jesus died?
St Augustine's 5th and 6th Needs - Translation
What did Jesus mean by "not peace but division"?
Does Hell exist according to Catholicism?
What is the difference between Hell and Lake of Fire?
What is the role of human judgement given God's omnipotence and his plans
If there were no punishment for sin would salvation be necessary?
What is the difference between an Apostolic Exhortation and an Encyclical Letter?
What is the difference between the Roman Catholic and Greek Orthodox churches?
Is man God's greatest creation?
Would aliens invalidate Christianity as we know it?
What kind of worship does God look for, for Salvation?
What does it mean when Jesus say "Love your enemies" (Matthew 5:43-45)?
Does playing Video games affect our relationship to God?
What are the differences between God and mankind?
Book recommendation that goes over how the bible is compiled based on manuscripts
Can one be baptized and become a Catholic if they don't believe in every particular Catholic dogma?
Why are there differences in the "Greeting" of the Mass?
Clarifications on "Temporal Predestination"
Abstinence from meat
Where did the idea that Cherubs were baby Angels originate?
Where can I find a free Russian Bible other than the Russian Synodal Translation?
Why does the Mosaic Law demand the death of so many innocent people?
Slavery on Exodus 21 verse 20-21
Slavery verses on the bible (1 Peter 2:18-20)
What does Matthew mean by "if your eye causes you to sin, tear it out", etc.?
What does John 12:25 mean?
What does the Catholic Church say about the experience of Joy felt by the martyrs?
Do Protestants believe that "Our Father" is on par with "Our Mother," or is Jesus strictly invoking a male symbol only?
Is Aquinas' idea of 'Beatific Vision' widely accepted today?
Why do Jehovah's Witnesses have a problem with my relationship with one of their members?
Was Christmas a replacement of the feast of Hanukkah or of the 'Invincible Sun'?
What is the basis for the belief that the wise men did not arrive in Bethlehem until several months after the birth of Jesus?
Why can't people change their denomination?
Is it right for us to help more non-Christians people as compare to Christians? jesus sacrifice for us then more eligible christians or some ane else?
What kind of star was shining when Jesus was born?
How did the wise men (Magi) know the country where the new king was born?
Does God Abet Sinful Behaviour if it Brings About His Justice?
Why did the slave girl at the gate stop Peter but not John?
Did Jesus have a normal childhood?
Why do we assume that the events in the bible actually happened?
Did Origen castrate himself under a literal interpretation of Matthew 19:12?
Where can I find some information about Nathanael besides John 1?
Since Jesus death paid our sin debt in full, why do Christians still die?
How to make driving out demons reasonable for non-christians
How does "Evangelii Gaudium” pose a new perspective on capitalism?
How do Christians reconcile Isaiah 42:4 with the death of Jesus?
When God said to man that if he sinned he would die, was he speaking of death of the human body or death of the Soul, or the Spirit?
Does Luke 13:24 give us a more vivid picture of how many people will be saved?
Are Bartholomew and Nathanael the same?
What is the First Death?
Was the Covenant made with the Church or does 'Everlasting' mean something other than 'eternal?'
What is the significance of one-third in Revelation?
Are there any laid down guidelines to enrich and strengthen Christian faith?
Is the Catholic faith based purely on the Bible?
What is the "Holy place" Jesus spoke of in Matthew 24:15?
Readable presentations on theodicy (problem of evil) theories?
Was man judged at the cross along with Satan and the rebellious Angels?
What type of Christianity does Hans Christian Andersen depict in *The Red Shoes*?
Why is the Solemnity of the Immaculate Conception treated differently?
What is the scope of gambling prohibitions for JW's?
What are the responses to the "Radical's Critics" argument concerning Genesis 1 and 2?
If I was christened am I not Catholic?
The Unforgivable Sin
How do Christians reconcile Deuteronomy 13:1-4 with their belief in the abrogation of the Mosaic law?
The Trinity before the birth of Jesus
Do Christians believe that Jews must still follow the Mosaic law?
Pre-Vatican II Latin Prayer
To where was Satan cast out?
Is 'sola gratia' as a soteriology traceable in the period leading to the Protestant Reformation?
What is the emotional appeal of the trinity?
What was the makeup of beliefs during the time of the 325 Councile of Nicaea
What is the technical understanding of the assertion of Jesus dying on the cross?
Are the Gospels considered anonymous by historians only or by the Catholic Church also?
How do Jehovah Witnesses explain differences between NWT and Hebrew/Latin/Greek in Zechariah 12:10 and Acts 20:28?
Who are the seven princes of hell?
Why is Apostolic succession required in some denominations?
In LDS teaching, do gods and goddesses produce spiritual offspring forever?
Does Christianity as described in the Bible support dualism of the mind and body?
According to Acts 20:7, which day was the first day of the week?
Who were the 'synagogue of Satan'?
Did Jesus commit any sin pertaining to the Sabbath?
What is the biblical basis for the concept of being "slain in the spirit" and what exactly is it?
Why did Joseph Smith return the golden plates to the angel to be buried?
What does God mean by 'us' in Genesis?
What are the qualifications for becoming an eternal family according to LDS teaching?
Does LDS teaching hold to a multi-universe theory or an infinite universe theory in order to account for the doctrine of eternal progression?
Do any Christian denominations believe in a "duality" rather than a trinity?
In what countries is Christianity banned?
If Adam and Eve were exempt from death, why did they need to eat?
What is renewing of the Holy Ghost?
How is the belief that Christians are both adopted and begotten sons of God reconciled?
What is the Book of Mormon story of Christmas?
According to the LDS church, why was Jesus Christ born when he was born?
Did Jesus tell us that we should give a tenth to The Church and then give of the excess to the poor?
What Biblical justifications are used for having separate denominations?
In any of James's passages, does he agree to the law being cursed and abrogated?
How does the relationship compare between earthly children and spiritual children in LDS theology?
"You must use the psalms of the day at Sext" - why?
How did the Apostles die?
Did all Popes use the inverted cross?
The Luke 2 census - did everyone travel?
Is Jesus using a rhetorical device when he says "turn the other cheek"?
Who were the Galileans whose blood Pilate mingled with their sacrifices?
What does the Bible say about ones wishes concerning their body after they have died?
How does a person become a godparent in the Roman Catholic Church?
What was/is different about the way the Franciscan Friars of the Immaculate celebrate the Novus Ordo Mass?
Does God Answer Every Prayer Asked In Jesus' Name?
How much are we personally responsible for the salvation of someone else?
Why is Jesus portrayed as a white man in western civilization?
Can an adult be Baptized if they are not Catholic
Who were the men of Siloam's tower?
Why don't creationists teach a literal firmament anymore?
Why did Pope Francis tell atheists "just be good"?
Will there be sex in Heaven (the new Earth)?
Why is the Son of God called the Eternal Father in the book of Alma?
Did Jonah think that God exists only in Israel?
Why is God the Father referred to as "Eternal Father" in LDS writings when He is not believed to be eternal?
What does "...bring them here and kill them in front of me" in Luke 19:27 mean?
Are LDS members expected to contribute a certain amount of time as a full-time missionary?
Does God have a form as seen by John the Apostle?
When did the LDS church start teaching that God the Father had a beginning?
Why are many Christians antagonistic towards the idea that God has a form?
Why does Genesis record only 10 names from Adam to Noah?
How pure were the witnesses of the martyrs?
How (and by whom) are financial decisions made in the Catholic Church?
In the LDS Church, who decides where to place new Churches, and how?
Is there an instance of parents lying to their children that was approved by God in the Bible?
What might the capitalization of the word "church" indicate?
Is the register where the first marriage was registered still available?
What is the meaning of the word Devils in the King James version of the Bible?
Do churches host distinctive, special services on Christmas, Christmas eve, and Easter?
In what way was the Law of Moses "a good thing whose purpose had now been accomplished"?
How do i get the original text of the bible?
How long did David live?
Doesn't the scriptures clearly state that buying and preparing spices mean that the messiah must have died on a Wednesday Pesach?
How to corroborate the Tower of Babel account? Is George Smith a credible historian?
Does 'no more room in the Inn' mean spare room not big enough for a birth?
How are prayer and asking the saints to intercede distinguished?
Why isn't the Eucharist of protestant churches considered valid by non-protestants?
What is the difference between lust and sexual desire?
Are the requirements for attaining godhood in LDS teaching the same or different for every world?
In what sense is Jesus understood to be "the only begotten son of God" in LDS teaching?
How do Arminians understand the doctrine of Unlimited Atonement in a way that does not make God unjust?
Why are the Jesuits and Society of the Sacred Heart gender specific?
How does the LDS Church handle verses that imply there is no one like God?
According to LDS teaching, was Adam the first man created in all the worlds or just this one?
Is there a respectful way to dispose of old or worn out scriptures?
Does "gospel-preaching church" have a shared meaning?
Does Revelation 22:19 apply to the whole Biblical canon or only the Book of Revelation?
What does "believe the Bible" mean?
What is the basis for the idea of a seven year peace treaty with Israel in the end times?
In Matthew chapter 26 verse 64 was Jesus saying that He would one day be their judge?
Why did God create the idea of opposites?
What is a mission trip?
How widely accepted is platonism in Christianity?
Does the right side have a higher status than the left?
Why didn't Mary tell Joseph what Gabriel had said to her?
Salvation by good works alone?
What are the Gnostic Gospels and why are they not part of the Bible?
Is there a generally accepted term for "Christians in Communion with the Bishop of Rome"?
What is the basis for the doctrine of the Trinity in the Book of Mormon?
What is the 70 weeks prophesied in Daniel chapter nine?
Does The Book of Mormon contain Jewish literary techniques?
Other than non-Trinitarian, what terms are there for Christians who don't believe in the trinity?
How does Calvinism explain how an omniscient, omnipotent, and omnibenevolent creator could NOT have a plan for universal salvation?
In Rev 9:4 What grass was left for them to not hurt?
What is the Biblical definition of what makes one a Christian?
To what degree does the Church of England consider the Genesis creation account to be metaphoric?
Was the account of eating forbidden fruit a metaphor?
What's the difference between resurrection and reincarnation?
How did God speak in Genesis?
Are there exactly 12 resurrections in the Bible?
What's the difference between resurrection and revival?
What is the basis that many mainstream Christian groups justify labeling groups like the Mormons and Jehovah Witnesses as Non Christians?
Does the Bible suggest that there would be a literal apostasy of the early Christian church?
What is the biblical support for the original sin being an infinite sin?
Interpreting the Bible as a cultural piece of literature?
Is Satan's kingdom here on earth?
Are sinners in Satan's kingdom?
Why did the early Christian church stop building and worshiping in temples?
If Satan is not omnipresent and supposedly wanders around like a roaring lion, how can he tempt and interact with all humans?
Was the Scapegoat of Leviticus an allusion to Barabbas?
The Cost of Salvation
Do Christians need to keep the 10 commandments?
Is spirituality different than superstition?
Was Jesus obligated to answer the High Priest that he was the son of God?
God loves everyone... Even dictators?
Relativism and salvation
What are the various types of laws that govern our world and lives?
What attributes does Jesus have from an LDS doctrinal perspective that are different from the Jesus in the Holy Trinity?
Does the Bible ever say that the Ark of the Covenant flew or levitated?
How can repentance for our everyday sins lead to forgiveness?
What are the facts concerning resurrection of Jesus Christ according to general documents like the Bible, contemporary historians etc?
What does the Church have to say about the Pope's latest statement?
Was Antipas a person or is the word a symbolism for Christian?
Don't The Translation missed God's words?
Is this proof of Heavenly joy?
Is the idea that the pleasures we experience now are mild foretastes of Heaven Biblical?
What is a non-denominational church?
Huxley? Agnoticism and Christianity. Both at the same time?
Which encyclical talks about the Mass as a sacrifice?
Does Romans 7:20 contradict Genesis 4:7?
In the following Scriptures joy fills Heaven when a sinner repents, conversely is there great sorrow when an unsaved rejects salvation?
What does the Church say about the statements that the Pope Benedict XVI made in the book "God and the World"?
Do Christians typically switch denominations?
Why did Pope Francis raise the minimum age for being granted 'Monsignor' from 35 to 65 years?
When were the Hades and the lake of fire created?
how does the bible WORD FOR WORD say that homosexuality is wrong?
Are people 'made for each other'?
What exactly are 'private vows'?
Vain Repetition in Prayers, What Does it mean?
Did Jesus mean a truly spiritual man should feel this rewarded NOW, or in the world to come?
What does Leviticus 25:10 mean in context?
Mark 10:29-30 vs Matthew 19:28-29: when will we receive our reward?
Origin and details of -10 to +10 model of becoming a Christian
Does this mean He will help us overcome difficulties in this life?
Are 'treasures' all Earthly goods or wealth?
Will executioners of capital punishments be saved?
Jesus' completed messianic prophecies
Does Platonism have a denomination/group/following within Christianity?
Is David's Love for Jonathan erotic?
What are the differences between Catholic and Episcopal saints?
Why is Jesus often depicted with long hair if 1 Corinthians 11:14 says it is disgraceful?
Do angels possess 1) a body, soul and spirit, 2) a soul and spirit or 3) just a spirit?
What is the essential argument in favor of the tripartite nature of man?
What is the biblical basis for the Dual Nature of Man as opposed to the Tripartite Nature?
When we forgive our offenders, does it mean we do not want God to punish them anymore?
On the validity of the anticipated absolution in absence of the related confession
Into how many languages has the Pearl of Great Price and the Doctrines and Covenants been translated?
Why did Adam and Eve not die after eating from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil?
How did Paul know that Satan hindered his movements?
What is so special about a fig tree. Is it the tree of life?
What do the Nicene, Apostles, Chalcedonian, Creeds add to the concept of God, Jesus, and the Holy Ghost that is not found directly in the Bible?
How far do most Christians accept Plato's 'the Forms'?
What did CS Lewis think didn't reflect God?
How many stalls for horses and chariots did Solomon have?
What is the Scriptural basis for Modalism?
What is the Biblical basis for binitarianism?
What is the Scriptural Basis Against the Trinity
The lake of fire and the New Jerusalem as two different perspectives of God
What did C. S. Lewis base his idea of sehnsucht/joy on?
Jesus teaching about the Trinity
What is Christian about Christian Kabbalah?
Is "Rapture" mentioned in the Book of Revelation?
What is the meaning of the parable in Luke 17:7-10?
Can a non-christian be trusted to translate the Bible?
Is it allowed to do bad things for a good reason?
`Art thou that prophet?` do they mean the Prophet Mohammad?
Does Luke chapter 16 verses 9 through 13 warn us that there is no middle ground between serving God and serving mammon?
If you have a strong desire, is it a given that it's ultimately from God?
If God is power beyond this reality, is there an infinite measurement of possibilities?
Who is being referred to in Isaiah 42:6?
Has the gospel been "preached to all nations"?
Did original Christian theology that predated the birth of Jesus teach anything similar to the doctrine of the Trinity?
Are there any Christian sects that allow for the existence of other "God" claims?
Are there any Christian traditions that say anything about feminism?
Which Mormon doctrines does the Bible accually teach against?
Can I get some help understanding the exact definition of an Idol, and Worshiping an Idol?
Why did God kill a man for picking up sticks on the Sabbath?
Who tells us that the whole Bible is inspired?
Does God like us finding something admirable/beautiful in a creature's dangerousness?
What does "therefore be as shrewd as snakes and as innocent as doves" mean?
How and when do I take God's word literally?
Could Jesus have extraterrestrial brothers or sisters?
Are there Christian denominations debating whether Jesus was really the son of God?
Why is a distressing spirit said to be from God?
Is the catechism of the Catholic Church seen as official doctrine for Catholics?
What does the word Glory mean in the Bible?
Are Catholics more likely to accept Platonism's idea of the Forms?
Is it a blessing to live long on the earth?
What is the Biblical basis for claiming that Paul upholds and teaches the Torah law?
Do Jehovah's Witnesses believe that their "Governing body" will rule the world after "Armageddon"?
Does the New Testament have any mention of Kolob and if not, how come?
Is there one guardian angel for each person?
Who is an "enemy" in the context of this video?
What is the current Catholic church's view on Haitian Vodou?
Since Mormonism allows for humans to become gods in the afterlife, does this mean it is polytheistic?
What is the meaning of the word "ONE" in the Bible?
Why was the devil given power over death?
Mormonism or LDS?
Is God one but multi-instantiated?
When did Joseph Smith first understand the doctrine of eternal progression?
When did we stop practicing Exodus 35:2
Catholicism and the Laws of Moses
Is the light that is created on the first day the sun?
Does the word ONE in the verses listed below denote a physical oneness of substance or a oneness in unity, purpose and nature?
How do restorationist Christian churches cooperate with mainstream Christian churches?
Cain vs Adam / Eve
Did Jesus condemn wealth?
Why did Jesus not stone the adulteress?
What is the theological justification for only the priest drinking the wine in a Catholic Mass?
What is omitted from the current Western, Catholic Psalter?
Are there any surviving (English translated) works by Athanasius about the Apollinarian heresy?
Orthodoxy's "ancestral sin" versus Calvinism's "total depravity"
Why didn't God remove the rainbow?
Why was Jeremiah called the "weeping prophet"
Kids christian music from the 80's
How are the teachings in the Book of James consistent with Salvation by Grace alone?
What is the significance of a double cross?
Is it Christian Doctrine to say that macroevolution is not the same as microevolution?
Why do some people say that the angels wanted to preach the gospel?
Are Catholic bishops infallible?
Who Killed the giant Goliath?
As there are so many documents of Catholic doctorine that are considered infallible in content, how to search them?
Is the Summa Theologia infallible to Catholics or not?
What does the Catholic Church mean by "beatific vision"?
Mark and Paul's view that 2nd coming would be in their lifetime
Is baptism a form of exorcism, or is that just a Hollywood myth?
Where can I get Papyri 75 images?
Why were verses taken out of the Bible when it was being formed? Was there any major stuff taken out?
On which parts in the gospels is Weatherhead's argument about Mary, mother of Jesus, founded?
Which doctrine supports the idea that Daniel 2:44 is the Millenium Kingdom?
How do we know prophets are prophets?
What is the Christian take on reincarnation?
Why don't we stone people?
Are sins forgiven without a payment in Matthew 9:1-7?
What are the rules for inheritance for women?
What is the scriptural basis for believing the judgement comes immediately at death?
Can a Catholic marriage be annulled because one doesn't believe to Sacred Trinity anymore?
Does the New Testament mention Christians worshipping the Holy Spirit?
Why is the second beast of Revelation called the Antichrist?
Why is Origen considered a Church Father, but not a saint?
Verse that mention Jesus eating meat?
Jakob Böhme - influence
What is the Biblical basis for requiring someone to have faithful children to become an elder?
What does it mean to not to turn away from your own flesh and blood?
Does Acts 20:33-34 suggest that a church should not have a paid ministry?
In which denominations are Sunday school classes categorized distinctly by grade/age level?
Is it wrong to say Jesus is the God of the Old Testament?
In Catholicism if God is infinite love, can love always increase in intensity or does that mean quantity?
What was Jesus' soul?
From the literal perspective, the truth whispered in the ear, are we literally to proclaim that truth from the roofs?
Fish on good Friday
What is the breath of life spoken of in Genesis 2:7?
What is the earliest appearance of the expression "swallowed up in God"?
Can theology still be defined "the science of faith"?
Which portion of Revelation is the Rapture?
What theolological distinctives are exhibited in 'The True Furqan'?
Do Jehovah's Witnesses have a systematized way of finding specific types of persons?
Did Jesus sacrifice his soul to save ours?
Was Bible Revealed to Jesus? (Christian Perspective)
Luke's introduction, doesn't seem like he is claiming he was inspired?
What kind of baptism is essential to salvation, and what does 'essential' mean in this context? (Catholic perspective)
Crucifixion, why the son?
Why doesn't Paul sign all of his letters like he says?
What time is the "sixth hour" in John 4?
What is the "Leviathan" mentioned in Job?
How can Pharaoh and Abhimelech be attracted to Sarah?
Which churches today send the most missionaries?
Reconciliation of all things
Did Adam and Eve have children in paradise?
The New Testament teaches that Christ was baptized to “fulfill all righteousness” (Matthew 3:14–15)--what does this mean?
Baking and cutting eucharistic bread in the Eastern Orthodox Churches
Did John forget about Elijah?
Is adultery grounds for excommunication or other discipline in a Jehovah's Witness Church?
Binding of Satan -- for amillennialists
Why is the Catholic Church called "The Roman Catholic Church"?
Was Adam mortal before he partook of the tree of knowledge of good and evil?
Do self-identified Christian fundamentalists have their own geographical communities?
Are there any reports or stories that the pope has seen God face to face in the last 200 years?
Why do Carmelite nuns change headwear?
Is it generally acceptable to attend a bible study as a non Christian?
Why do Jehovah's Witnesses believe that angels are doing the talking between God and mankind?
In Psalms 2:7, does the expression 'this day' forbid the thought that Jesus is eternal?
Visitors giving money to the church
How do people who reject transubstantiation interpret these verses?
Is the idea that God is infinite in all ways accepted by all Christians?
How do Arminians reconcile free will with God's omnipotence logically?
Which denomination(s) believe(s) there are many heavens?
How do Roman Catholics and Orthodox Christians evangelize?
What does R. C. Sproul mean by the 'essence' of God?
Does God sleep?
Is there any historical evedence of more apostles being called that were not mentioned in the Bible?
Why can't there be another fall?
Is calling the church the "body of Christ" merely a metaphor or is there a deeper significance?
Why are Christians sure that prayers to Jesus are answered when "Jesus" wasn't the name he used?
What Scriptures tell us what man having free will actually means?
Is there a Christian equivalent to the Wiccan 'fluffy bunnies'?
What is the source for Martin Luther's quote against the use of pipe organ music?
Is there a difference between theology and apologetics?
What do the scriptures tell me to do after committing a sin?
Apologist for keeping salvation
What is the support for saying Jesus believed Genesis was a literal account of creation?
Do any Early Church Fathers ever argue that the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil (Gen. 2:9) is the Law/ Torah?
What does it mean that Christ experience death for me?
Why do Mormon missionaries travel in pairs?
What does "holy thing" refer to in Leviticus?
Why do Jehovah's Witnesses travel in pairs?
Which scripture was Paul quoting in 1 Corinthians 15:45?
Who were the intended audience in the Epistle to Romans?
Did Jesus say to preach to Gentiles, or not?
Why didn’t the blind man at Bethsaida get healed the first time?
Does this passage imply salvation cannot be lost?
Are there tenets of Rastafarianism that run counter to Baptist theology?
Why don't Presbyterians have altars?
According to Catholic teaching; how long do we go to Hell for?
Where did the trait in man come from which causes him to deny the superiority of God?
Did the Christian practice of having a prayer before Bible study evolve during Martin Luther's time?
Need to know exact sacrifices required in the Old Testament Pentecost Feast
Is money the root of 'all' evil or 'some' evil?
Why do high-church people call their personalized Bible study exercises "devotionals"?
Do these Scripture say that prayer along with fasting is more powerful than either alone?
Did Jesus/God/Jehovah know that Jesus would die on the cross BEFORE coming to Earth?
Was Jesus Circumcised for the Romans to nail the plaque 'King of the Jews' above his head on the Cross?
What denominations believe that Jesus Christ has a current physical body?
Did the early church record other events of handing people over to Satan?
Is there anything known about Jesus time as a carpenter - was he a small business owner with employees?
Is "Worship Pastor" a new term?
What established Christian theology speaks to the question of whether or not God is contingent on his followers?
Why would one literally eat the body of Christ, if it is literal?
Was removing one's shoes a special sign of respect?
During Lutheran Confession, can the confessor refuse to absolve the sins of the penitent?
Why are many Protestant Churches not practicing Confession?
Do I have to disclose my private life to a stranger?
What churches eat undercooked meat?
What is the significance of transubstantiation?
What was Martin Luther's perspective on the early Christian church?
Does Paul ever actually quote Jesus anywhere?
When did the African-American population become Christian?
According to Catholicism, what does 'come upon thee' and 'overshadow thee' mean?
Should the Catholic rosary be recited in Latin or the vernacular language?
Trying to understand Original Sin in light of OT
Does the Roman Catholic church consider HIPAA to be an unjust law?
According to the Catholic Church is the individual mandate in the Affordable Care Act an unjust law?
Is there any holy language for Christians according to words of Jesus Christ and the apostles?
Why did Jesus physically throw out the money changers instead of winning the argument with reason?
What is the waving cloth in the Creed and what does it mean?
How do the Dead Sea Scrolls impact modern apologetics?
What denominations subscribe to or accommodate the Annihiliationist doctrine of hell?
What is the scriptural basis for the conditionalist doctrine of hell?
Is the King James Version Bible in the Public Domain
Can I project more than 500 verses of Scripture over the course of a year? Or, an entire book of the Bible?
How did the second Vatican council (aka Vatican II) address the concept of limbo?
Is it true that the Southern Baptist denomination marks no distinction between member and non-member?
Where did the Young Earth Creationist doctrine originate?
Are there any denominations that accept the gap theory?
What does "biblical Christianity" mean to evangelical Protestants?
Can Christians be judges?
In which denominations do people consider Mary, mother of Jesus, to be the "Second Eve"?
How do Pentecostals theologically justifiy when "faithful" snake handlers die?
How are penances decided?
Who talked to Moses in Exodus 33:9?
What is the biblical basis for Eternal salvation?
Do Luke 1:48 and Luke 11:27-28 contradict each other?
According to SDA can all pastors forgive sin, or just the original twelve apostles?
Why is smoking a sin?
According to Jehovah's Witnesses, how many of the 144 000 have already been identified?
Who believe that innocent children will also go to Hell?
What are the reported effects of a pilgrimage to Saint James of Compostela?
Is SIN a sin just because God says it is sin?
Where did the concept of separate races originate?
What did Paul mean when he called Jesus the "firstborn from the dead"?
In the Anglican and Catholic church, are any of man's creative ideas seen as original?
What actions does the LDS church (Mormon) take when a member does not pay tithing?
Why do God and Jesus seem so different?
Christening - what exactly does a Godparent have to promise to do / be?
How should we call a book with New Testament and Psalms?
What is the importance of reading the Bible personally in Catholicism?
What is the importance of reading the Bible?
Why do some people get healed, and others don't?
What does John Calvin mean to imply by the "suffrage" of the church?
Are there female devils cited in scriptures?
What is the purpose of attending the mass and going to Confession?
Why is the Roman Catholic infant baptism called "christening"?
Real vs fake pastors
How do you reconcile Hebrews 9:27 with Elijah and Enoch?
Why would God send a deceitful spirit?
Are Naaman's actions considered an exception to God's laws?
How does Christianity explain the health benefits of sexual intercourse
Did Martin Luther think John Calvin is a "son of the devil"?
Is there assurance of salvation in Catholicism?
Does Deuteronomy 17:18 prevent bible translation copyright
Music Ministry in Evangelical Free Church of America
Different types of Cross shapes significance?
Is Lutheran confession necessary for salvation?
Which Christian churches have an entirely unpaid/lay clergy?
How do Trinitarians explain verses where Jesus claims to have a God?
Did Hosea love Gomer the prostitute?
Is there any reference to Abraham building a house of worship? Where is Bakkah?
Is there a need for Christians to believe in Christianity at all, if they don't believe in Resurrection and Salvation through Christ alone?
Where does the story of "the Cross on top of Adam's Skull" come from?
What does "labor or cost of a godly life" mean?
What is the significance of Jesus saying "I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending"?
What is the meaning of 'I desire mercy and not sacrifice'?
What details does the Bible have about Jesus' birth and childhood?
What does the Bible say about being a witness to sin?
What is the Biblical basis for the idea of accepting one's "station" in life?
What is the biblical basis for group prayer?
What can we infer from the dialogue in Luke 22:70 that Jesus is the son of god?
Acording to the Bible how does one recieve the gift of the Holy Ghost?
Where can I find sources showing ecclesiastical vestments of the 1200s?
Why is the Ark always depicted as a ship?
Why was it necessary for some people to receive the Gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands and others just received it after believing?
Was the Nicene Creed accepted under duress?
Question regarding the nature of moral absolutes
In LDS doctrine, why isn't repentance possible without eternal punishment?
Is enjoying an apocryphal book a sin?
From an LDS perspective, what is the difference between feeling the influence of the Holy Spirit and receiving the gift of the Holy Spirit?
Are there any writings from the church fathers teaching Original Sin before Augustine?
What evidence is there to show that John Wesley and John Calvin did not believe that Jesus is Michael?
What is the history of offertories?
Use of "the LORD" in Old Testament names
What is the Catholic understanding of the idea that Jesus descended into Hell?
Why did God not want man to have the knowledge of good and evil?
Did God use man as a vehicle to bring about death?
What do Chinese Catholics call their priests?
What is the Biblical basis for the belief that Jesus is Michael?
What is the Biblical basis for the belief that separation from God is in itself sin?
Why did Elizabeth keep herself hidden while pregnant?
Why did Zechariah's neighbours make signs to him?
Did Satan unwittingly create his eternal punishment by instigating the fall of man?
What is the argument supporting that there is a break between the 69th and 70th week in the book of Daniel?
Have Christians ever followed Leviticus?
What of Augustine's ecclesiology was rejected in the Reformation?
Is Cecil B. DeMille's narration of Moses in the desert based on the Bible?
What does Paul mean when he says that we are no longer under the law but under grace?
How does Oneness Pentecostalism interpret Matthew 3:17?
When was it established that there were 14,000 innocents martyred?
How did early "street evangelization" differ from the modern practice?
When is Isaiah 32 supposed to happen?
What is the Difference Between ROCOR-MP and ROCOR-A (ROCA)
What are the name(s) of the archaeological artifact(s)/scroll(s) where the New Testament was based?
On what side was Jesus' stab wound?
Can we visit loved ones in Hell?
According to Scripture, where is Hell?
Will Angels teach us to sing?
What rules does the Catholic Church have for venerating crosses/crucifixes on Good Friday?
In Protestant faith is one's old self dying on the cross with Jesus symbolic, or the actual assumption of a new Eternal life?
In Moses' time, would freeing a slave be harmful to the slave?
Imposition of Ashes - where in Catholicism is it commonly practiced?
Which Orthodox Churches Accept the Baptism of Heretics?
Does 1st Corinthians chapter 15 say that we will have a permanent physical life?
When did the LDS church begin teaching the Word of Wisdom?
How has the LDS Word of Wisdom changed since its introduction?
How should we interpret Leviticus 18, 19?
When were the doctrine and covenants published and distributed to members of the LDS church?
What reasons do Christians have to believe there is one God?
What are the major views on Adam's motivation to sin given that he was not deceived?
How does a baptismal certificate work?
What does Hebrews 10:26 mean?
In the LDS church what is the process of calling a new prophet?
How could Matthew change the same story found in Mark
According to the doctrine of the LDS Church what is man's relationship with God
Complete online editions of the Church Fathers
How do Mormon missionaries learn foreign languages so quickly?
Was Noah a Prophet?
Roman Catholic: Is piracy of information and media wrong in all circumstances?
What is the biblical basis for the claim that Jesus took on the sins of mankind?
Are some people born without hope?
Jesus's atonement equivalent to sinners' punishments
What does Romans 13:13,14 mean by "behave decently, as in the daytime"?
Which Christians refuse vaccinations on religious grounds?
In which Christian groups is "prosperity theology" derogatory?
Movies and Music during Lent for Orthodox Christians
How do Trinitarians explain the Father granting life to the Son (John 5:26)?
If Jesus ascended to heaven as Michael the angel why is he still called a man?
Which Orthodox churches are on the New Calendar, and which are on the Old Calendar?
When does the fall of Lucifer from God occur?
For whom did Solomon write Proverbs?
If the dinosaurs and man co existed, why did the dinosaurs perish?
How is the LDS churches belief on a pre-mortal existence different than other Christian religions?
In Reformed Theology, what are seen as the implications of Traducianism versus Creationism (of the soul)?
In "take up your cross daily" what does "cross" refer to?
Why did God hide away the fact that He had the Son in the Old Testament times?
Where did the concept of Christians attending a church building come from?
Exodus 25-27 Question
Are names of godparents written on Baptism Certificate?
Jesus' divinity among denominations
Why is the Old Testament included in the bible if we are no longer under those old laws?
Does the Bible indicate when the Ark of the Covenant officially disappeared?
Joel 2: From Eden to Ruination? To what is this referring?
Did Jesus die for our sins?
Is there a biblical ban on running a casino?
How did the sabbath come to be? Who started it? Is it the same now? What is the Lord's day?
What evidence is there to suggest that denominations have different epistemological preferences?
What does the Bible teach/say about luck?
Why do Christian missionaries start schools?
What do Christians do on a Fasting day besides worshipping?
All is vanity in the Book of Ecclesiastes
What is the Difference between a Heretic and a Schismatic, according Catholic and Orthodox tradition?
What is the significance of Luke 22:44 where Christ's sweat was as great drops of blood in the garden of Gethsemane while he prayed?
Can we at some point take on a Divine Nature?
Does any church still provide a pension for widows?
Does anyone have a good definition of "Evangelical"?
What exactly did Pope Gregory the Great mean by "Universal Bishop?"
What is the Christian view on Breatharianism?
How do YECs respond to the lack of non-Christian buy-in to their "creation science"?
What is meant by a new heaven and new earth?
What did Jesus mean by "this generation will certainly not pass away.." in Matthew 24:34?
Know any Bible verses on 'faith,' 'knowledge' or what it means to 'believe'?
Is Jesus talking about supererogatory merit in Matt 5:38-48? i.e. earning a reward rather than sin
Is there any difference in meaning between "Holy Spirit" and "Holy Ghost"?
If flesh & blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God how did the Lord Jesus show His "hands and feet" after the resurrection?
How many copies of the Bible are there per capita?
What is the significance of the names of the 4 rivers in the Garden of Eden?
Is the tree of "knowledge of good and evil" the same as the "tree of life"?
Did God's curse on Cain extend to only Cain, Cain's descendants or to everyone?
What is the mark placed on Cain?
Why are we given details about what the descendants of Cain did? Is there special significance to these details?
Why does a clever Satan fight with God even though he knows he will lose?
Why are the men of Genesis so old? Were the dating systems just different? Are all of these old ages supposed to have symbolic meaning?
Where did the notion that Adam and Eve ate an APPLE come from?
Why is the line from Seth to Noah often called righteous?
If there is only one God, why are there so many different religions?
What is the difference between the Trinitarian concept of God and the Mormon concept of God?
Why does Jesus say "Why have you forsaken me?"
Does Genesis 30:25-43 defy genetics?
What does it mean when God 'hardens' a heart?
How many of each species went onto the Ark?
Can you give air-kisses to icons in the Eastern Orthodox church instead of physical kisses?
Why is Christianity so despised in the World?
What is the basis for First Communion?
Is "Christ" a title of Jesus, or a name?
Does the flesh of the peace offering get offered to women?
How does Western Christian theology explain the doctrine of the Filioque within the context of the Old Testament?
Which scriptures are used to justify ignoring feelings?
How does the Filioque affect Reformed Protestant theology?
What is the basis for faith not being an emotion or feeling?
Is life hereditary?
Is the Roman Catholic understanding of forgiveness different from the Protestant understanding?
How does Protestantism explain Matthew 18:20 in this technology age?
What is the Catholic view of Matthew 18:20 in this technology age?
Which group adhears to the idea of heavenly amnesia?
Ten commandments contradiction
What does the Bible say about giving one's word?
What does it mean to say an original Greek manuscript did not survive?
What feast does Paul refer to in 1 Corinthians 5:8?
Are these verses from Proverbs contradictory?
How are Romans 3:24 and James 2:17 reconciled?
Pre-flood Rock Monsters? Modern Noah Mythology?
Is the feast of 1 Corinthians 5:8 the same feast as 1 Cor 11?
Did Jesus use non-believers to perform acts of community service on his behalf?
acts 16 Earthquake
What does the Bible say about people who see dead people?
Marks of the true church in Protestantism or Catholicism?
Do any Christian traditions think that evil desires are not sin?
What is the Biblical basis for the formal 'membership' requirements that some Baptist churches have?
Has God ever commanded or instructed anything that He himself did not also satisfy?
Why do Catholics bow for icons of the Virgin Mary?
Why didn't Jesus want the demon possessed people to tell who he was?
According to the LDS Church, what is the purpose or result of proxy baptisms for those who have already died?
Why is blasphemy against Mary, mother of God, bad?
Is Mary, "Mother of God," the mother of the Son or of the whole Trinity?
How do proponents of sola fide explain Titus 1:16?
Were some of Jesus' disciples more privileged than others?
Can anyone explain sacrilegious object in Mark 13:14 to me?
Do non-Catholics ever have the priest visit the sick parishioners and deliver them communion?
Does the Holy Spirit's procession from the Father and Son infringe on the co-equality of the Trinity?
How many wives did Joseph Smith Jr. have in his lifetime?
Noah's flood and Giants
Is the al-Hallaj of the Yazidi religion Jesus?
Why do adherents in laestadianism consider watching television and listening popular music as sin?
With whom did Cain and Abel marry?
What does "witness" refer to in Matthew 24:14?
Who is the author referred to in the Pope's 4 April 2014 homily?
Why did Pilate insist on writing 'Jesus of Nazareth, King of the Jews'?
Are the powers and authorities in Ephesians brought under Christ's rule - the same as every nation bowing in Revelation?
Why did Elisha curse children?
Does Paul say in Galatians that we put our faith in Jesus or work to stop sinning?
If we are to think good things(Phil 4:8) why are there seemingly pointless sinful things in the Bible?
Does the Bible say for sure that Daniel was a eunuch?
Why is the Vatican against "The Son of God" movie?
Was Jesus present at the beginning of time? Or when did the Trinity come into being?
Which Catholic encyclicals discuss the Catholic teaching on the results of Jesus' sacrifice?
The Burden of Proof
Why is Mark not the first gospel?
In what sense was Jesus's death a sacrifice?
What did Jesus mean by 'take up your cross and follow me'?
How could Stephen be stoned without a trial and conviction in front of the Roman Governor?
Where is the Third Temple to be built?
Is it ever right to sin in order to potentially prevent others from committing far more damaging sins?
Definition of "Prince" in Bible?
At what time of day was Jesus crucified?
What is the reason and meaning of the symbols on the garments worn by Temple-worthy LDS members?
Was Pilate also the father of the son who was healed by Jesus in John 4?
Why don't Catholics divide the blood of Christ into individual cups?
Why do some Protestants divide the Blood of Christ into individual cups?
Covering of the hair for women, and beards in 1st Century Palestine
Did early Protestants consider transubstantiation to be idol worship?
What does this Catholic symbol mean?
Demon Possession of Jesus' Time - Today's Diagnosable Mental Disorders?
What is the basis of the LDS teaching that the angel Michael became Adam?
Is Mormonism a Mystery Religion?
Why did Jesus turn water into wine?
German Bible translation like NKJV, ESV, NASB.. etc
How can a Christian effectively explain the seeming contradiction between Gen 1:31 and Gen 6:6?
How can the Bible say God was refreshed if he never gets weary?
What is the "present crisis" in 1 Corinthians 7?
From where does the teaching on women in ministry come?
What caused people in Jerusalem to change so much from "Palm entrance" to crucifixion day?
According to the Protestant faith, was God grieved when He cast Satan out of Heaven?
Is there a doctrinally supported name for a designated "home prayer space" in the RCC?
Which is the "correct" bible for Catholics?
Why are bibles sold for profit?
Where does the Catholic church stand on governments supporting foreign groups or other governments that abuse human rights?
Why are both Joseph and Manasseh listed as separate tribes in Revelation chapter seven?
Is there a significance of the "Christian name"?
What scripture speaks of filling a bag and "compressing" it?
What is the LDS Church's position on spiritual gifts
If God wants everyone to repent, why God didn't do such miracles in Tyre and Sidon?
Can we really claim to have the power of God's heritage?
What denominations use the Revised Common Lectionary?
History of Christian Prayer
What is the meaning in the Bible for the "Branch"?
Who is entitled to partake in the Lord's Supper?
How much time elapsed between Jesus's betrayal by Judas and His crucifixion?
Questions about Lent
Isaiah 34:11 translation of animal names
How could Jesus' audience hear Jesus without audio installation?
Catholic Marriage to an Infertile spouse
Is an adulterous priest still a priest?
Are our sins of the future forgiven? (John 20:23)
What is the basis upon which the concept that God and Allah are the same?
What is the Biblical basis for the idea that God doesn't have form?
How does someone accidentally make an oath? Leviticus 5:4
Why does Jesus' Resurrection mean hope for an individual and in what context?
Were humans once angels?
When was the Biblical canon formalised?
In Romans 7 is Paul talking about before or after he was saved?
A question on 'leadership'
How are American non-denominational campus outreach lay ministries conducted?
Do Christians need to keep the Passover?
Moses - did he kill thousands?
Is there a sense in which Stephen was the first Catholic saint?
Can you renounce part of the bible, and still be a Christian?
Why did God tell Moses to make a bronze serpent on a stick?
Does Eph 3v10 hint at Gods supernatural purpose for creation, humanity and our history?
Why are there no longer large-scale miracles from God?
Does Joyce Meyer preach salvation by faith in Jesus alone (ie not works)?
Why did Christ need to be the first person to be resurrected?
Where in the Bible does it say we have a sin nature?
Why does the Bible talk only about the people of Israel?
What is the Orthodox teaching about touching Jesus' body?
Does the Bible say that it is better to have been born after Christ?
What are the 'things offered to idols'?
Is it okay for Christians to study philosophy?
Fake Jesus reincarnations
What is the history of the doctrine of inerrancy?
Why did Christianity not follow Philo of Alexandria's definition of logos?
Why has "Devil's advocate" office been changed?
Why is it important for people who believe in Trinity that Jesus is God?
Was Zacchaeus saved before he met Jesus?
Why was having concubines not a sin like adultery?
What happened to Jesus' physical body after his death and resurrection?
What are the biblical reasons for why a Christian should not participate in an election process
Why doesn't the Catholic Church support female priests?
Why must we obey the ten commandments if Jesus died for our sins?
Who is Jesus' Father?
The Virgin Mary, "the perfect non-divine human being"
What is the meaning of Holy Spirit in Mark 3:28-29?
Freemasons and Christains
How do I know that an "Orthodox" theological work is officially Orthodox doctrine?
Why do we have to go to organized institutions to practice our beliefs?
1 Timothy 4:1-3 - Are We Still Living in the Great Apostasy?
Why do Daily Office readings in the BCP 1928 sometimes repeat?
Miracle of the loaves and fishes, multiplication or sharing?
Who did Abraham worship?
Is Jesus alive? Or did he die 2000 years ago?
Ark of the Covenent
What do the Apologists mean by three persons as "one in nature" if the Son and Spirit are not eternal?
Is there a reason why female Mormon missionaries wear such varied dresses but male Mormon missionaries wear uniforms?
What was the point of the third article of Remonstrance?
Did God still dwell in the temple while Jesus was on Earth?
Do non-Catholic traditions ever have family altars?
How did "credibile est, quia ineptum est" become "credo quia absurdum"?
Sodom and Gomorrah and God's judgement in the Christian age
Why did the Apologists adopt Stoic Philosophy of the λόγος?
Interfaith marriage in Christianity with Bible reference
What is this Bible with red printing?
Cross, holy or not
Is the enemy a creator relatively the same as God and creator of what?
Do young earth creationists believe that God has a body?
What are the essential components of a Protestant evangelical church?
Ark of the Covenant
Accuracy of History Channel's The Bible
What exactly was the purpose of the Council of Nicea?
How can we defend our faith against the "Argument from Evil" or "Problem of Evil"?
Why would anyone name their child Oprah?
How do Protestants explain the incorruptibility of Catholic and Orthodox saints?
Moral implications of heaven and hell doctrine
Why is there a modern misconception about Christianity and Science?
Why does the Battle Hymn of the Republic say Jesus was born "in the beauty of the lillies"?
Why are LDS covenants and ordinances 'too sacred' to be discussed outside of the temples?
Did Jesus say "worship me, I am God"
At what age should my daughters start wearing a head covering when they pray?
What is the Roman Catholic method of salvation?
Does God care about Denominational differences?
If God desires salvation for all, how come many people died without hearing the gospel?
Jesus's growing years
Aim of christian missionary in India
What is the protestant's view on cybersex?
Why does only one person "teach" during a church meeting?
If Jesus always was Fully God of Fully God, why do we speak of him dying?
What did Charles Hodge teach about theology as science?
Why do some Christians wear crosses?
What is the history of Irish Catholic resentment toward Protestantism?
How does one discern a calling to the vocation of priesthood?
How does one discern a calling to the vocation of religious life?
A woman's testimony was considered inadmissible in a court of law. Whose law?
Humans doing miracles
Why did Moses have the sons of Levi run about with swords slaying family and friends?
Couldn't it be dangerous to pray to Jesus if he may be a man?
Couldn't it be idol worship to pray to Jesus if he is not God?
Does the Pope have the authority to baptize aliens (martians)?
Why does an omnipotent God allow evil to flourish on his earth?
If Protestants won't ask dead saints to intercede because there is no mediator but Jesus then why do they ask living Christians to pray for them?
What is meant by the punishment for Satan in Genesis 3?
What are the differences between Eastern Orthodoxy, Oriental Orthodoxy, and Nestorianism?
How does calling someone an "idiot" make one bound for Gehenna?
What is meant by "atheism is a religion"?
Is the Genesis creation account consistent with the Big Bang theory according to Catholic theology?
What is the Catholic teaching on technology and faith?
Forgiveness Blasphemy of the Holy Spirit
Why would Jesus beg himself in the Garden of Gethsemane?
When did people start to deny Jesus as a historical person?
What biblical/traditional elements lead Catholics to believe that saints can hear our prayers?
Can blood disinfect a house from plague according to Leviticus?
What common dog species were the ancient Jews familiar with?
Why did people stop worshipping God after experiencing the flood?
Why do Christians pray to Jesus instead of to God the Father directly, and isn't it risky?
Was there any christian church that kept the Passover before the 1900?
Was Jesus a Cynic (Greek philosophy)?
Does one have to admit to not being a virgin when preparing for a Catholic wedding?
If God is going to fix our "nature" why didn't He do it from the beginning?
Where does the Bible say that nature will speak the word if men don't?
What determines when the Flores de Mayo and the Santacruzan festival will occur each year?
Unexpected sexual incompatibility in marriage
Sex and Pleasure?
The Bible and Gender
What is the theological justification for my pastor friending gay men on Facebook?
According to Christians who will go to hell?
What are the various evangelical views regarding the agricultural revolution and it's impact on primeval history in Genesis?
No matter how badly a person sins, are they always forgiven?
Blaspheme one part of the Trinity but not the whole?
Is Ecclesiology more closely related to Christology or Pneumatology?
How is "binding and loosing" extrapolated to all clergy?
What does "saving grace" mean in Christianity?
Christian denominations that believe in salvation for non-Christians
Why Don't Christians Accept the Oral Torah?
When & where did the word "Christian" originate?
Is the Hail Mary a prayer?
Who is the comforter?
What does Romans 11:32 mean?
Is it possible (intellectually honest) to 'contextualise' the 'anti-divorce' passages, but not the 'anti-homosexual' ones?
Why do Indian Christian women wear head coverings?
Do the Catholic Church ex cathedra pronouncements about necessity of Catholicism to be saved still apply?
Red Sea or Sea of Reeds?
According to Catholic doctrine, would a cloned human being have a soul?
Looking for source for quote from Christian author
Why does Catholic Church (and possibly some other denominations) approve natural family planning and condemn different kinds of contraception?
Examples for passages of the Bible which teach us how to be kind and not judge people for their own misery?
Is salvation acheived by faith alone, or does it in fact require some works?
Why was it so special that John the baptist was not called Zechariah?
What is the Reformed perspective on "All people are called by God to salvation in Christ"?
What tribe was Joshua from?
The Messiah and Joseph's genealogy
What does the The Episcopal Church mean when it says it allows everyone to participate in Holy Communion?
What is the opinion of the LDS Church in regards to unbaptized people's taking communion?
She is only sleeping
Are tithes allowed to be food items in the Mormon church?
Did Jesus help drunk people in Cana to be even more drunk?
Why not directly confess our sins to God?
Is the Eastern Orthodox doctrine of "the Monarchy of the Father" consistent with the Athanasian creed?
How verses from OT are selected for Jesus
If the wages of sin is death, why then Jesus died? Does it imply Jesus sinned?
What is the difference between commandments, testimonies, statutes, precepts, judgements, and law?
Children of Adam and Eve
Why is it the soul takes the punishment in hell after a sinful human body died on earth?
When did physical Death come to the world?
How did Jesus get heard by 5000 families at once?
How was Moses able to speak to over 600,000 people at once?
Why do Catholics believe in the immaculate conception?
Would organisms genetically descendent from humans fall under the purview of the Catholic defined God?
Does the Bible contain a definitive explanation of morality?
Was Paul the ideal Christian we were meant to emulate?
Can a Catholic priest conduct a Catholic baptism upon the request of non-Catholic parents, assuming that they will raise the child Catholic?
What is the falling out between Tullian Tchividjian and The Gospel Coalition about?
Where within Biblical Scripture does it mention anything similar to the official Catholic and/or Orthodox church's hierarchy of church officials?
Heart, Mind, Soul and Spirit
Sexual intimacy for widows and widowérs
What are the Presbyterian denominations in England?
How can God be Sovereign (in the Reformed sense) if a man can ignore His call to repentance?
Why aren't there any Baptist monasteries?
Altars in today's Christian Churches
Why does the Holy Spirit not take the form of a human being just like Jesus did?
What's the difference between a psalm, a hymn, and a spiritual song?
Are there any major Protestant denominations that meet every day and are together all the time like the early church was?
Is Jesus the reincarnation of Adam?
If an asteroid obliterated Planet Earth, could that be interpreted as God's "Second Flood"?
Before St. Thomas Aquinas, who laid the foundation for the existence of God?
How do some Franciscans brothers become priests?
Interpreting Acts 2:38 together with John 1:12
In Genesis, how did the first language come to be?
Why are most Christian beliefs match with the spiritual practices of the Ancient Egypt?
Who is the Spirit hearing from in John 16:13?
Why do Evangelical Protestants reject the Catholic approach to venerating Mary?
Which Protestant Christian denominations accept the Deuterocanonical books?
Where did Catholics and Catholicism come from?
When did the Catholic Letters get called the Catholic Letters
Is numbers.10:7 a picture of how the church shall be spared from "sound of alarm" or great tribulation?
What are the biblical arguments for and against the "two books" view of God's revelation?
Can people come back from Heaven or Hell?
Are Catholics obligated to follow the 4th Commandment in Heaven?
Should Jewish Christians not work on Saturday or Sunday?
Do people who commit "major" sins after accepting Jesus go to Heaven?
What does it mean that the "The Evil One snatches away what was sown in them."
Are the people involved in killing Jesus innocent
Does the Orthodox Church accept Gay marriage and why?
Why doesn't God have to keep his own commandments such as "Do not murder"?
Why is there such an emphasis on Jesus's suffering - particularly by the Catholic Church?
Does Orthodox theology emphasize "redemptive suffering" as much as Catholicism does?
Was the serpent's temptation necessary for Eve to sin?
Why can't God persuade all mankind, in their free-will, to believe in him?
Does a Christian have enemies outside of the world, the flesh, and the devil?
According to Pentecostalism/Charismaticism, can Satan understand all tongues?
According to churches which teach Believer's Baptism, what are the consequences of not being baptized with water?
What is the relation between Christianity and Islam
Why do Orthodox Christians baptize infants?
Why did Jesus need to suffer?
Abomination of Desolation
What do I do when watching a video of someone praying?
If Satan is not a fallen angel, created by God, then where did he come from? How was he created?
How is it possible to be saved through "grace alone" if you have to be baptized to be saved?
If the Bible contains all of the word of God and there can be no more, then why do we need the Nicene Creed?
Biblical basis for non-practice of Kiss of Peace
What important Mormon doctrines are taught in the book of Mormon that we couldn't find in the Bible already?
How does a person determine whether they are a "false Christian" or "inconsistent Christian"?
Why did God create Adam and Eve so that they would sin?
Why are babies dressed in white during a Roman Catholic christening?
Transcendence and Revelation
Was Zwingli the first to preach lectio continua?
Do any of the Mormon doctrines that cannot be found in the Bible come from the Book of Mormon?
Are translations of the book of Mormon into other languages made from English, or are the golden plates stashed in a temple somewhere?
What would the Catholic Church's hierarchy look like without the Vatican?
How does Jesus show love by suffering?
Are Catholic priests expert in exorcism?
What do people fear in Jude 1:23?
What would inerrancy imply for Mormons?
Once a Catholic always a Catholic?
Why our life on Earth defines our future life in eternity?
Why does blood need to be put on the mercy seat
Unless your righteousness exceeds the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees
If Adam and Eve didn't know good from evil, how can we say they sinned (according to Roman Catholicism)?
Has the world always been imperfect?
How old did Adam and Eve look when they were created?
What are the primary differences between these Lutheran denominations?
How is it possible that a being created wholly (completely) good would choose not to be?
Were Adam and Eve meant to live forever; had they not disobeyed God?
Who was the first major Christian figure to popularize a figurative interpretation of Genesis?
Catholic Communion under One Kind
Was there a war in Heaven?
How old is the doctrine of a sinless Mary?
Who is God's God?
What happens if someone spills the wine during the Eucharist?
What does Paul mean when he says "do not go beyond what is written."
Who are the "Non-Evangelical Protestants"?
Can ministers of other denominations marry people in a Catholic church?
In Mormonism, how is the doctrine of Adam & Eve inability to have children prior to the Fall explained?
How non-trinitarians explain Jacob wrestled with God
Why do some Christians (Coptic orthodox and catholic) kiss the priest's hand?
What is the Catholic point of view towards animals?
Ephesians 4:5 what does "One faith" mean?
Why are the bread and wine mixed together in the Holy Eucharist during an Eastern Orthodox Divine Liturgy?
Why do JW think other faiths are unbelievers?
How widely held among Protestants is the belief that the authors of the books of James and Jude were half brothers of Jesus?
What were the motivations of the Council of Trent?
Difference between wisdom and knowledge in 1 Cor. 12?
What is the basis for the claim that Ezekiel 44 is about Mary the Mother of Jesus?
Why is the funeral/burial several days after death?
What are the stipulations for a mixed marriage to be valid in the Catholic Church?
Do Christians have the authority to forgive sin?
Why did Paul go to Arabia?
Why couldn't a person in the OT be both priest and king?
Does Jesus's soul exist before his incarnation?
Why did the Old Testament command to kill?
Can we tell when the Roman pontiff is speaking "EX CATHEDRA"?
Do Catholics believe that they are actually eating the body of Christ? Does this make them cannibals?
What does the Catholic church say about the book of Ezekiel, chapter 23
What is the difference between the first and second resurrection in the book of Revelation?
What is the justification of disallowing women to become Roman Catholic priests?
Can a Christian marry his deceased brother's wife?
Does the Eastern Orthodox Church consider belief in the existence of Jesus' soul before the incarnation a heresy?
According to Catholicism, in what cases is Purgatory necessary?
Why do Protestants hold "prayer services"?
Question about the PCUSA treatment of Scriptures
How is Jesus God's final word? (Catholic Perspective)
How do Jehovah's Witnesses explain John 8:58-59 in a way that accords with their doctrine?
What connection does the Jesus movement and the pentecostal/charismatic movement have, if any?
How is Jesus God's final word? (Protestant Perspective)
Is receiving the Holy Spirit the completion of Salvation?
Was there a reason why God sent Jonah to Nineveh and not some other city?
Does Jesus do for Gentiles what the Torah does for Jews?
How do Catholics and Eastern Orthodox justify their clergy praying with those big hats on their heads?
What is the minimum amount of action required to get in to heaven?
How are Lutheran weekday “prayer services” different from “matins” or “vespers”?
Why did Philip the evangelist have a house?
Did Pontius Pilate follow God's Plan?
Are elders needed to have an "ordered" church?
What core LDS doctrine(s) contradict the Protestant doctrine of salvation by grace through faith?
What is the Biblical basis for idolatry being "things" we put higher than God?
Is there a Biblical basis for the concept of being allowed to "be angry with God" or "tell him just how we feel"
Does the Bible provide any passages that might help in understanding how Satan became sinful?
What does the Bible tell us about how people knew right from wrong before the Law of Moses?
How was sin not counted before the law?
Does it state ANYWHERE in the Bible that pets can or can not go to heaven?
How does someone hinder their own prayers?
If we want to know what the Bible says about an issue, what methods can help us to find all the relevant scriptures?
Looking for a specific sermon about Barnabas
How similar was the resurrected body of Jesus to his physical human body?
Why do we focus on faith in Jesus' death and resurrection vs other kinds of faith?
Why did Jesus weep when Lazarus's friends agreed to show him his body?
What does Jesus mean that those that can be trusted on small matters can be trusted in large matter?
Is there a biblical basis for God's omnipotence or have we mistaken 'symbolism'?
Why are certain Books Excluded from the Canon?
Was Modalism (or "modalistic language") ever considered to not contradict orthodox trinitarian beliefs?
Why wasn't Noah's wife name revealed?
Malachi 4:6 vs Matthew 10:35: did Jesus come to reconcile parents and children or the reverse?
Why did God tell David to go to the town of Hebron?
How do Roman Catholics interpret 1 Timothy 4:3
How do modalists understand the role of Jesus as mediator?
What do red garments represent for leaders in the Catholic church?
Can Christians be guilty of "robbing" God like it says in Malachi 3?
Are there Christian denominations that promote making themselves eunuchs?
What is the biblical basis that Satan is/was an angel?
What is the reasoning behind the belief that Eve was NOT created on the sixth day?
What is the basis for the belief that Eve was created on the sixth day, like Adam?
Is modern Evangelical Protestant soteriology consistent with the early Christian idea of "theosis"?
Can Trinity be taught only from Bible?
Where did the idiom "asking Jesus into your heart" come from?
Difference between contraception and abortion?
What are the different names of God in each book of the bible
Do any sects permit consensual open marriages?
Why wasn't Solomon's polygamy sinful?
Did Jesus teach the Trinity?
What does Catholicism teach about 'The Massacre of the Innocents'?
What is the basis for an omnipotent God allowing imperfect transmission of his Word?
Biblical reference that if someone is saved through someone else, that creates a "reward" or "treasure" in heaven?
Do any Christian groups sell all their possessions as it seems the Early Church did?
Is there a biblical basis for the division caused by theology?
What are all the different species of intelligent beings that God has created?
Which order/choir of angels did Satan most likely belong to before he fell?
Why did Jesus tell his disciples to buy swords?
Do the scriptures indicate the physical appearance of the Israelites?
Is the “dark night of the soul” mentioned in the Bible?
Given a Catholic understanding of Hell and individual judgment, do Catholics believe that all Protestants will go to Hell?
How have US Christian churches handled discrimination and segregation in the past?
Papal Infallibility and teaching heresy?
Where Does Jesus Say "I will save humanity"?
Examples of people who fell from grace and earned it back?
Was Jesus a political revolutionary? A violent one?
What does it mean to shed blood in the name of Christ?
Is the entire Bible read at mass?
What's the justification for believing that God interacts with us today the same way He did thousands of years ago?
Ex Cathedra -- are there other Christian groups besides Catholicism that use a similar tactic?
Is it ever revealed that Paul released those that he imprisoned?
How were people baptized in the name of Jesus without the Holy Spirit in Acts 8?
Was the Assumption of Mary a belief in the early church?
Is Mary Our Mother? Evangelicals please explain John 19:26–27
How was Abraham able to rescue Lot?
When was the third heaven where God dwells created
Has the Church stated any advantages or reasoning or prompting to re-formulating positively the Catholic Church's salvation doctrine?
Moses' age when before the burning bush
When, how, and why did the Moravians stop praying 24-7?
Are we avatars (incarnations) of God?
Did Augustine teach sola fide?
Who if any Evangelicals still believe that Adam was created with "a perfect knowledge of God" and everything else?
Is there biblical basis for the "blood moons"?
What is the "Israel Mandate"?
The seriousness of sin changed?
Can our own spiritual gifts be given to others?
How does transubstantiation account for the amount of Christ's body eaten over the last 2000 years?
Why do priests wear a white collar?
What does being Born Again mean per Catholic teaching?
Why do Anglicans have the "give away" optional in Common Worship but obligatory in Anglican Book of Common Prayer?
When did Sarah call Abraham "lord"?
What does it mean for Christ to have been slain before the creation of the world?
Is "Mary Queen of the Universe" a recognized title for the Virgin Mary in Catholicism?
When did Martin Luther begin to see the church as entirely apostate?
Does the Bible ever mention atheism and where?
Where do primary sources for the Bible reside?
What Is The Roman Catholic Church's View on Mohnism
What is the Catholic Church's view of Anne Catherine Emmerich - can her visions and prophecies be trusted?
In what way does God derive pleasure from us?
why can the devil offer riches?
Where do Mormons believe heaven is right now?
Why can the Catholic Church declare one person a saint but has never declared another damned?
What is the Catholic understanding of 'age' in Scripture and in its Tradition?
Is it appropriate to leave a Catholic rosary in place on a cemetary headstone?
How comparable are the concepts of the Teaching Magisterium in the Catholic Church and the Jehovah's Witnesses view of their Watch Tower society?
What's the reasoning behind sacramental architecture?
In Mark 10:17-31, what did the rich man lack?
Who were Agur and Lemuel?
What were the scriptural arguments used for modern western racism?
What is the specific meaning of "believe" in John 3:16?
What does Paul mean when he speaks of "in Christ"?
What is God's throne like?
What is the Catholic understanding of 'reign with him' in 2 Tim 2:12?
Did Jeremiah lie in Jeremiah 38:27
How do non-sacramental denominations identify and ordain pastors and other leaders?
From a Trinitarian perspective, does the term 'only begotten Son' make sense outside of the concept of the incarnation?
What scriptural evidence exists in support of our spirit's pre-mortal existence?
What is the Authoritative Catholic explanation of why the Magi get a pass, yet Catholics are to reject astrology?
Is there Scriptural Evidence that Moses had a command that made it Lawful for a Man to Divorce his Wife?
What belief system would combine both elements from Calvinism and Arminianism?
Do Calvinism and Arminianism cover all Christian doctrines?
According to Catholic doctrine, is every woman that has an abortion automatically going to hell?
Have any prominent theologians written on what the ascension looked like?
What happens to Hell after Revelation 21:1?
When did the concept of "wine is grape juice" originate?
To a YEC, how does a metaphorical interpretation of Genesis 1-3 distort the gospel?
What is Christ's role in salvation according to Arian theology?
Does the incorrupted body of St.Cecilia still exist?
How have prominent apologists answered those who claim that Jesus does not love his enemies?
How could God hold Adam and Eve accountable for sinning when they didn't know evil?
What are the views of Evangelical Christians on whether it is possible to go to heaven and back to earth?
How are first-grade relics prepared?
What is the context of Chesterton's quote, "When we bind our hearts, we free our hands"?
What biblical passage(s) reveal(s) what God says was the fallen angels' sin?
What are the differences between Catholics and the Jehovah's Witnesses
What types of signs are given by the "lights in the expanse of the heavens"?
How is offering X Hail Marys not considered vain repetition?
What is the justification for applying God's promises to Israel to modern day Christians?
Do Christian concepts of fellowship allow for a congregation to welcome atheists to participate in their community?
Why eat when there was no death?
What do Jehovah's Witnesses believe about evolution?
What action would Christian ethics guide this missionary to do?
Why do some Pentecostal preachers claim that Lucifer was a worship leader?
What is the Unity teachings of Jesus' resurrection?
Is Freemasonry now open to Catholics?
Is the Catholic Church NOT against all birth control?
What does Paul mean by "Love believes all things?"
Why are some of the Psalms written by authors other than David?
Was there doctrinal difference between Lollards and Waldenses?
Why should we pray if God knows everything?
What does the bible say about drinking?
Conscience: Christ's sacrifice vs the blood of bulls and goats?
Explain to those knowing only of the Ordinary Form of Mass, what incense is and why it is used during the Liturgy at Mass?
Who are the five brothers mentioned in the story of Lazarus and the rich man (Luke 16:28)?
Why can't the laity preach a homily, and can a lay person ever preach?
Please explain how the Israelites were supposed to keep the Sabbath year
In the Catholic Church, what makes something illicit vs. invalid?
Is any of Jesus' carpentry still around?
Did Augustine often complain that his contemporaries burdened the church with their traditions?
To understand the "The Bible is the Word of God"
What is the Catholic Church's explanation of its listing of the Ten Commandments?
Does Jesus/God understand uncertainty or sin?
What is the origin of the tradition that Mary lived in Turkey after John took her there?
Is there any scientific explanation for the Sabbath Year?
Did Ignatius believe in the doctrine of Eternal Generation of the Son?
Do Christians receive the same inheritance as Messianic Jews?
Where does the idea that you cannot conceive of light until you see it come from?
Does the Catholic Church still stand behind Isaiah 14:21?
Did God change the DNA and genetics of Adam's rib?
Six-hundred-sixty-six or six-six-six or six-one-six
What does the Parable of the Vineyard Workers mean?
How does the Catholic Church reconcile the holy Catholic Church with (the) Pope(s) asking for forgiveness?
In the Seven Gifts of the Holy Spirit, what is the the distinction between the gifts of wisdom, understanding, and knowledge?
Why was Paul annoyed with the loud slave girl in Acts 16?
How do you equate Christian teachings with certain worldly(non Christian) achievements/attitudes?
What does it mean that "the two natures of Christ cannot be separated"?
Elijah "The barrel of meal shall not waste, neither shall the cruse of oil fail" miracle or not?
Why doesn't the Catholic Church kill heretics anymore?
How are spirits born?
Modern Book of Jasher - Genuine?
What is the Biblical basis for born-again virginity?
Do divorced non-Catholics need an annulment to marry in the Catholic Church?
What is the background of the words "notitia," "fiducia," and "assensus" and how do they relate to the biblical notion of "faith"?
Is there modern evidence that the Sun stood still?
Did Jonah die and rise from the dead?
Do Protestants believe that the Holy Spirit stopped leading the church?
Is BDSM dealt with in Scripture?
Do humans inherit sin from their earthly father?
What was the nature of the miracle experienced by Zacharias & Elizabeth?
What did Jesus say about the end times?
According to LDS doctrine, what is the source of God's power?
Was Absalom's hair really that strong?
During the Mass, may the Priest skip the Act of Penitence and the Kyrie Eleison?
Should those who fall away and return to the church be baptized again? - Overview
Creation Ex Nihilo?
What is the Jehovah's Witnesses response to mixed marriage with a Christian of another denomination?
Where is this C.S. Lewis quote from?
According to Catholic Tradition - Was Jesus' experience on Earth scripted? Or did human actors shape it?
Was the virgin conception of Jesus known to the people at the time?
Does the Bible say if animals in Eden were carnivorous, or when animals on Earth became carnivorous?
Is there Biblical support for the concept that 'Whenever a man lies with a woman...a transcendental relation is set up between them'?
What is the purpose of Evil and Sin?
Any non-exorcism style of healing miracles recorded in the Scripture?
How do Old Earth Creationists use 2 Peter 3:8 to support the "day-age" theory?
What contemporary criticism was given to Belloc's claim that the Protestant Reformation was the work of a few oligarchs?
What does it mean that God's wrath is infinite and what is its relation to existence of life on other planets?
Why do we use the name "Jesus" if the apostles did not use it?
For Jehovah's Witnesses, what are the ingredients to the bread and the wine?
How is "their angels always behold the Father in heaven" a warning?
If God is one then why is belief in God insufficient?
What tribe is David from?
What is the source DNA for the body of Jesus?
By what did Jesus call Joseph?
Is there a Christian definition of "social justice?"
What does the Bible say about praying too much?
Genesis 28:18 Where Did Jacob Get the Oil?
Can the belief of Jesus' listeners be considered belief unto salvation?
Is there any substance to the claim that Origen supported reincarnation?
Why shouldn't we swear or curse- LDS
Did God give Moses visions of History and the Tabernacle on Mount Sinai?
How is rosary different from chanting Mantra?
Context for Paul and Solomon's usage of "heap burning coals on his head."
Was the book of Enoch once part of the holy scriptures?
Are (or were) sacraments necessary for salvation in the Catholic religion?
Are we supposed to ASK for wisdom or SEEK it--or are they the same thing?
Why did God kill Uzzah ? - 2 Samuel 6:6-7
If Jesus was God, then why did he pray?
Why does Jesus say this about disciples forgiving others their sins?
applicability of various biblical laws to today
Are there other denominations that believe in pre-human existence?
Where in God's promises did it show that Abram needed to have a child through Sarai?
Why does God promise descendants for Hagar?
Why did the Catholic Church change so radically after Vatican II in regards to the status of Jews?
Was David mainly upset about Uzzah's death?
Are my feelings altered when I enter the Kingdom of Heaven?
Why was Jehu considered a "bad" king of Israel?
Why do some Christains feel the obligation to remove their hats during prayer?
Praying for Jesus?
Do Mormons practice "soaking," and is it an officially sanctioned activity?
The dove at the Baptism of Jesus
Jesus' sacrifice covers our eternal hell?
Catholic Exegesis: The Cleansing of the Temple
What is the difference between a Christian and a Messianic Jew?
During creation the Bible says, God saw that various things were 'good'. Did He not know they were going to be good?
Why is baptism by the Holy Spirit called a "baptism"?
Are humans above angels?
What is the puropse of the other choirs of angels?
For Catholics who object to Vatican II, what are the key issues?
When can our prayers change God's mind/will? Is it wrong to pray against the will of God?
How is the view of guaranteed salvation for infants justified?
How well supported is the generic interpretation Rublev's Icon as being a depiction of the Holy Trinity as portrayed in Genesis 18?
How can a non-physical God create a physical universe?
If God is all knowing then why didn't he prevent Adam and Eve from sinning?
What are the fruits of the Spirit?
The question of graven images
Is there any evidence to support a preference for second-career pastors coming disproportionately from IT?
Is there a scriptural example of a non-believer speaking on God's behalf?
When are the various assorted labels for Catholics - see body - applied and how are they related?
Why are the books of Matthew and Mark almost identically written?
How do Catholics reconcile these verses about giving publicly and yet privately?
Is the Holy Watcher of Daniel 4:23 of a Similar Class to those Found in Scroll of Enoch?
Is Jesus the seed of Abraham?
Is Asia in the Bible the Asia of today?
Is John 3:23 contradicted by 1 John 4:5-6? Does the born again experience happen by the Holy Spirit or by both the word of God/Gospel and Holy Spirit?
Were OT prophets poor or wealthy?
Does "all Israel shall be saved" mean that all Jews, even those who die in their sins, will be saved?
Was Phoebe a deacon?
Is every Doctor of the Church a Saint? What are the requirements to be made a Doctor of the Church?
In modern times, what would happen to a Roman Catholic monk if he were to violate his monastic vows?
Looking for red letter bible in database format
What does the Bible say about vegetarian diets?
What Bible passage does this $1,000,000 dollar bill reference?
When did the use of formal, seminary-type education begin and why?
How does the Catholic church explain Matthew 19:9, which seems to allow divorce in case of sexual misconduct?
Is there any evidence that Paul was a descendant of Jonathan?
38 or 29 cities?
Is Galatians 4:6 speaking of the Holy Spirit?
Interpretation of Genesis 15 - 17
New Age Movement
What is the scriptural evidence for Satan "taking hold" of Christians' minds or implanting/whispering thoughts?
What does 1 Corinthian 2:15 mean?
Why did Jesus favor Peter, James and John more than the other disciples?
What is the definition of being offensive according to bibile.?
Why doesn't 1 Timothy 5:21 indicate that angels are part of the Godhead?
How do Protestants harmonize the creeds and confessions on anthropomorphism?
Athanasian Creed article 6, meaning of "the glory equal"
Meaning of end of chapter 3 of the 2nd Helvetic Confession
In light of Article of Religion XVII, why is teaching predestination a good thing?
Did the early church believe there were TWO types of descendant from the Nephalim?
LDS Free Agency viewpoint
Where did Aaron die?
Homosexual marriages in the Catholic church
Was Jesus omniscient regarding earthly matters?
Difference between Eutychianism and Monophysitism
What are the main differences between Anglicanism and Catholicism?
What was the Original Purpose of Fasting from "Wine" and "Olive Oil" in the Orthodox Tradition?
Are Angels more accessible than Jesus?
Understanding grace
Why didn't God reveal all the answers to life?
What happens to one's sins if the priest omits the words of the Absolution?
Did medieval European monasticism provide a release from certain societal pressures?
What is the Catholic Church's official position on the Spanish Inquisition?
Hierarchy of Catholicism, government, and papal teaching
King David accepts God's will by touching the Ark
Is there extra-biblical evidence for the earth going dark at the Crucifixion?
Tower of Babel dispersion after the Table of Nations?
On what scriptural basis do some Protestants end their prayers "in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost"?
Did any other early church fathers besides Origen teach the pre-existence of souls?
In Matthew 5:25 what does it mean to be in the way with our adversary?
Where do Christians believe the Qur'an came from?
Why do Baptists even baptize in water at all considering their "spirit baptism" views?
Why was there a 'governor' at the Wedding in Cana?
Which Psalms did Wesley leave out in Sunday Service of the Methodists? and why?
Who was the Egyptian that led the revolt of the Assassins in Acts 21?
What is Roman Catholic Church's official view on the nature of Christ?
What is the cross in the mantra "carry your own cross"?
Where did the term "Jew" come from?
Judas in heaven
LDS Church and Genealogy Research (What is the connection?)
Does human effort oppose God's grace?
Is the unpardonable sin unpardonable?
Is the height of first century Judeans evidence against the authenticity of the Shroud of Turin?
Where does the tradition come from that Noah's sons went separate directions?
Are there any Catholic sects which disagree with the sinlessness of Mary?
Is there Christian scripture or literature absolving the old Jewish laws of usury?
Did the early church fathers view "monogenes" as "only" or "only-begotten"?
Is there anything like a curse on some people?
does God know the people that are going to hell?
What is Alvin Plantinga's view on divine sovereignty and free will?
Are these LDS scriptures consistent with LDS doctrine?
Is the sermon on the mount intended for unbelievers?
What is the Biblical basis for believing that God punishes Christians for disobedience?
What is the Biblical basis that God does not punish disobedient Christians beyond the immediate natural consequences?
What is the Biblical basis for saying one won't be healed if they lack sufficient faith?
How does the Bible teach us to direct our prayers?
Is the Pentecostal concept of "praying in the Spirit" consistent with any pre-Pentecostal teachings?
Do any church writers compare or contrast Jesus and the burning bush?
By what process were the Scriptures written down?
What was the early American church like?
What's the name of the process by which the scriptures were written down?
Creation order of events: Was there unanimous consent among the Church Fathers?
Are the Local Churches (associated with Watchman Nee) Calvinist?
What does the chaining and locking of Satan in the bottomless pit for the millennial reign accomplish?
Stars in the sky
What theological teachings of Watchman Nee, Witness Lee, and the Local Churches differ from Reformed Theology
What is the Scriptural basis for Catholics praying to Mary and the various saints?
How old were Joseph & Mary when they marrried?
External reference of Jesus's resurrection?
How does the Catholic Church reconcile evolution with original sin?
Where is the story that James (the 'brother') shared one-half of his inheritance with Jesus?
What is the difference between the Edomites and the Amalekites?
What was the population of the world at the time of the flood?
Does Scripture mention whether it rained before the flood?
Do infant-baptizing Protestant denominations have any requirements on names?
How do we know the Saints, the Righteous and the Holy Ones are alive and in heaven?
How do people become the sheep that Jesus speaks of in John 10?
Can a disfellowed JW marry after being reinstated?
How was the word preached in NT era churches?
Are Jehovah's Witnesses particularly anti-violence?
What is the scriptural basis that the Devil or Satan understood God's salvation plan?
What's the Biblical basis for calling God by the name of Jesus in prayers?
The inhabitants of Heaven will express love intimately through the use of their sex organs?
Support Material for Reading the Bible
Alpha, Omega, & everlasting God?
What's God's justification of not allowing the choice of personal annihilation?
Anglican Minor Orders?
What are some criticisms of "Spirit-filled" church soteriology?
Are there any verses in the bible which specifically talk about education?
Where in the Bible does it say "I will destroy those who destroy My land"?
How do Catholics reconcile a metaphorical Adam and Eve with Original Sin
What is the very least a Catholic needs to believe about Genesis 2 and 3?
An image of half a leg on a church wall?
Does the Catholic church believe that God really forgives by confession alone?
What is the context of the "unequally yoked" passage?
How would Mormon christology be classified?
What is the Biblical basis for saying that God can annihilate human souls?
Is it possible to just visit heaven?
Those who believe that Baptism is necessary for salvation explain the apparent uncertainty with scripture please?
Why does Paul say that a husband is "divided" between his wife and God?
What would be a typical Christian Pacifist response to 'rampant evil' - say in the form of large scale terrorism?
Do any Christian versions of 'Just War Theory' address cases in which foes exploit the principles of Just War to their own advantage?
Would Jesus weep for the souls in Hell?
From Scripture, what are the signs of demonic presence?
Christ in the context of Predestination
Is impotence developed AFTER the marriage (and consummation) a ground for annulment in Catholic canon law?
Is the Catholic Magesterium in favor of hard liquor prohibition?
How did Martin Luther see Israel?
Origin of the saying: Ex Deo Nascimur, In Christo Morimur
How do Theistic Evolutionists reconcile that Eve was called the "the mother of all living?"
When did guitar led worship music become accepted?
Why do the later versions of the Book of Mormon contain added phrases that seem to change the nature of Christ?
According to Catholicism, Can God annihilate the soul?
What is the difference between Eastern Orthodox doctrine of deification and the "little g" god doctrine of the Word of Faith movement?
Was Cain a descendant of the serpent, through Eve?
Biblical basis for two aspects of the Gap Theory
Does Jesus have two kingdoms?
Where is the prophecy of the star that the wise men followed?
Did Calvinism borrow its scheme of predestination from Valentinian Gnosticism?
Why did Christ have to pay the price?
What is a Pacifist interpretation of the Cleansing of the Temple?
What churches identify themselves as being Modalist?
Does Mark 2:21-22 mean that we don't need to obey Old Testament Laws?
Isn't "Jehovah-Jireh" (and other such names) just the name of a place?
What changed between the Old and New Testaments?
What are the general positions of different traditions on the question "did Jesus have to die?"
Are there any denominations that believe that Jesus' body was separate creation than was mankind?
Why did Jacob curse some of his sons?
What are the different uses of "heaven" in scripture?
Is this a christian symbol?
Is the tripartite God the judge in the Old Testament, and Jesus the appointed only judge in the New Testament?
What role does the New Covenant play in Reformed Theology?
Why do adherents to Hypostatic Union believe that God the Son (Jesus) must be fully Human?
What is the biblical basis for why the sending of the Holy Spirit was necessary?
What is the significance of Ehud being left-handed?
A Christian view of Mohammad
What is the Wesleyan Church's View of Initial, Progressive, and Entire Sanctification?
What does the phrase " saved as by fire" in 1 Corinthians 3:15 mean?
What is the Roman Catholic view of Christian perfection or entire sanctification?
From a Lutheran perspective, how can we attain unity of mind while disagreeing with our brothers and sisters?
The Eucharist and the supernatural Priesthood
Are Israel and the Church two different kingdoms?
What are the differences between Apostles, Prophets, Peter and Jesus Christ in being the "foundation" whereon the church is built?
According to the gospel of John, on which day of the week was Jesus crucified?
Is there a non-Catholic view of purification of the spirit after physical death?
Are there any denominations that reject Mary's virgin conception of Jesus?
How did Matthew conclude that Isaiah 7:14 refers to Jesus?
What is "Christ Consciousness"?
Why must the hypostatic union be viewed as taking place at Jesus' conception?
How should Christianity respond to the person who defames it?
How do these parables explain time in Heaven?
According to the Catholic commentators, was Mary the original candidate for mother of God?
From a Catholic perspective, what do family relationships look like in heaven?
What is the biblical basis for the argument against the Catholic teaching on the primacy of Peter?
Thomism, Natural Law and our Fallen Nature
How does dispensationalism reconcile Romans 11?
Which Protestant denominations support the position that Peter is the rock that Jesus builds his church upon?
Is there a difference between celebrating Mass for a living person and for a deceased one?
Was Jesus circumcised and did he eat pork?
What are the most prominent christologies in all of Christendom?
Are there any denominations that baptize ONLY in the Name of Jesus?
Why did God want a Tabernacle built by Moses?
According to Catholicism, what are the requirements for baptism?
Are there any Protestant denominations that have specific requirements for baptism?
What would be the consequences for refusing confirmation in the Anglican Church?
Is LDS baptism considered valid by the Roman Catholic Church?
Why do Mormons use Trinitarian language in baptism when they explicitly reject Trinitarianism?
What is the single best reason - specific to Christianity - that the Christian God is the real God?
What does it mean for the Spirit to only speak of what he hears?
What does it mean for the Spirit to only speak of what he hears? (trinitarian perspective)
What religious order do these nuns belong to?
Has the Catholic Church ever declared any group that identified itself Christian as not Christian?
When were the early Christians no longer considered a sect of Judaism?
What happened to Joseph, Jesus' father?
Which denominations allow abortions, and why?
Are there any Christians who only accept the gospels?
Who are the many nations that Abraham was called by God, 'the father' of?
What is the weight of authority behind a teaching of the Papal Magisterium?
Why is the miracle of raising the dead often noted as being done privately?
Where did the Roman Catholic denomination in India originate, and why are there differences amongst Indian Christians?
How would it be Just to have Jesus blaspheme against his own Law?
Why, according to the Catholic Church, did the Reformation happen?
God is eternal and everlasting; "omni" word for this?
Was Thomas a believer before seeing the resurrected Jesus?
Why was Jewish High Priest commanded to have a golden plate inscribed “Holiness to the Lord”?
What is the difference between Abraham's and Sarah's laugh after the LORD's promise?
Is there Catholic teaching and/or prophecy that a pope may be the false prophet of Revelation and the Church the whore of Babylon?
What is the Calvinist perspective on John 5:28–29 in regard to earning salvation?
Does the fact that Joseph was a *tekton* require that Jesus was as well?
Does being Protestant imply you are also a Zionist?
Understanding Trinity, is the belief that each Person has independent Will?
Why aren't any dinosaurs written in the bible?
What is this box that can be found in Catholic churches?
But, what is the greater baptism?
What is the Catholic explanation of the particular temptations of Jesus in the wilderness?
Who are the 144,000 according to the Roman Catholic Church?
What would the Jews of Jesus' time have known about heaven?
Can Christians manufacture cigarettes?
Is Heaven up and Hell down?
What is the scriptural basis of the Tabernacle with the Blessed Sacrament as in the Catholic churches?
Verse that says we should spend much or most of our money on food?
Why does childbirth still hurt?
Does the Catholic Church teach that it has the authority to change what is morally right and wrong?
What do Southen Baptists believe about Jesus' dual nature?
What does the Catholic Church mean when it says In-vitro Fertilization separates the procreative act from procreation?
What Scriptures are used to justify the belief that Christians of Denominations other than a specific one will be rejected by God?
If the Devil is the Great Deceiver, how would I know that he's not deceiving me through Christianity?
Who may receive Holy Communion in a Catholic Church?
Did the LDS believe that Christians are doomed to hell?
Why is vengeance for the Lord?
How do proponents of the Prosperity Gospel interpret Matthew 6:19-21 and Luke 6:20-26?
Sola Scriptura and the Biblical Canon
Is Eastern Orthodox Christianity against doing yoga or meditation?
What are the meanings of the mote and beam in the parable?
Why is the Gospel of Thomas considered heretical by Nicene Christians?
Explanation of the bell, book, and candle ritual of excommunication
How does the mainstream Christian view of the physical body differ from that presented in The Gospel of Thomas?
In reference to humans becoming Angels?
In Proverbs 19:20 whom should one hear, receive from, and accept? God or any wise man?
Did Martin Luther effectively teach that our justification is like white snow covering over dung?
What blood type has been found on the relics of Jesus Christ here on earth?
Can a child presented by a same sex couple be validly baptized in the Catholic Church?
Origins of Ash Wednesday
Have Archaeologists recovered pieces of Noah's Ark?
What is the case in favour of adelphopoiesis as a relationship akin to marriage?
How do we know we aren't worshipping the same God?
How are Roman Catholics to receive the holy Eucharist at Mass?
Can Catholics receive sacraments via Skype?
What is the biblical basis for the idea that men can't stop sinning?
Does sin hinder one's ability to speak God's word?
What does 2 Timothy 2:15 mean?
Under what conditions can a re-married Catholic couple receive the sacrament of the eucharist?
What kinds of Mormon missionaries are there?
What is the scientific effectiveness of "street preaching" as a method of evangelization?
Was the Roman Catholic Church responsible for the change of Sabbath to Sunday as day of rest?
What is the earliest non-Judeo-Christian reference to Jesus?
Poor defined as 'Any Poor' or 'Christian Poor'
Is a Catholic annulment divorce in a Catholic way?
What is the basis from the Church's Sacred Deposit of the Faith for the concept of "gradualism"?
New Testament Poetry
When will believers of Christ get punished?
Is there biblical evidence that God knows my unspoken thoughts?
Why did Ananias die?
Whom are the 'least of these' in Matthew 25:45 refering to?
Why is Mary Magdalene the patron saint of hairdressers?
What is considered chaste behaviour from a Catholic perspective?
What is the case against seeing the Medieval Catholic Church as oppressive?
Why does the Lord's Prayer instruct us to ask God to forgive us "as we forgive others"?
According to Calvinism, why does God give mercy to some and not to others?
Why did John the Baptist question the identity of Jesus?
According to Catholic teaching, where does the disorder stem from?
Why does the LDS Church put an emphasis on prepping?
Is love in a human being immanent or is to say that heresy?
Is God's glory presented as something that increases over time?
What does "live in you" mean?
Does Jeremiah 8:8 imply that the scriptures were corrupted?
Did only Jesus human body remain in the grave for the three days?
Drawing of a Christian helping his own assailant
According to Scripture, is sacrifice a requirement for salvation?
Referred to as 'slaves'?
What is the meaning of Isaiah 1:17?
According to the Catholic Church, does any child have the "right" to be baptized?
Do Protestants believe Jesus and Satan are brothers?
By what ordinary methods has God preserved infallibility in the Catholic Church?
Is Tim Keller's view of idolatry Biblical?
"Felix culpa" - is it correct?
How do Quakers know when to start and stop their church meetings?
What do Evangelical Christians consider "the traditions" to be in 1 Thessalonians 2:15?
Does the Catholic Church have a position on slavery reparations?
How can anointing the sick confer forgiveness of sins in Catholicism?
Does God Laugh?
What is the biblical basis that people who are attracted to the same sex were not created by God that way?
Are there any Christian Churches or communities that teach same-sex marriage is a right? On what biblical basis?
What is meant by hot drinks in section 89 of the doctrine and covenant?
According to Catholicism, what are angels and what are they for?
When and how did the Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament start in the Catholic Church?
What happens if someone who is not elect tries to seek God?
Baptized in a Mennonite church?
Why does God use an army of Angels to fight against evil when he could do it himself?
Why were the General Epistles written?
What is the Catholic Church's answer to a woman/women claiming that God has called them to the Priesthood?
Can the Pope speak ex cathedra about the return of Christ?
Was adelphopoiesis a plural rite?
Why do (some) Anglican vicars use 'sing-songy' voices?
Literal or legend: how do Catholics treat non-Biblical miracles?
What is the Scriptural support for the Catholic Church's "depositum fidei"?
Why aren't other religions welcome to heaven as well as subject to hell?
Is virginity more meritorious than marriage, according to St. Paul in 1 Corinthians 7?
What does Liberate 2014/Tullian mean by 'One Way Love'?
Are there historical accounts of the character of the people of Sodom and Gomorrah?
Is there a Biblical precedent for the Petrine privilege?
Scriptural basis for replacement theology?
How do the LDS interpret Matthew 19:12?
Why do Protestants say: "In Jesus' name. Amen.", whereas Catholics say: "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. Amen."?
How was Lucifer created?
Does believing Christ died make you saved?
Does the Church acknowledge any revealed book given to Jesus by God?
Where can I find scans of original Biblical manuscripts?
Why was Lucifer created?
Does God ever impute sin?
What is the Biblical basis against the omnipresence of Satan?
Are Anabaptists' re-baptisms really conditional baptisms?
Why do Jehovah's Witnesses not pray with people of other faith?
What is the understanding of "an evil spirit from the LORD tormented him"?
According to Catholicism, does the eighth commandment (Do not bear false witness) obligate us to always tell the truth?
Who is credited with being the first to use these terms "conservatives", “traditionalists”, “progressives and liberals” within the Catholic Church?
What is the origin of the Covenant of Grace?
Do Mormons believe that all spirits are omnipresent?
Did Jesus mean that heaven and earth would actually pass away in Matthew 24:25?
Did Jesus ever say that Heaven is the end?
Are there any English Bible translations whose primary text for the OT is the Septuagint?
How are patriotic songs used in US churches?
How did the Brownists/Calvinists justify capital punishment for witches?
What is the biblical basis for the Covenant of Redemption?
Do Catholics celebrate Halloween?
What is the biblical basis for All Saint's Day?
What is the biblical basis for modern-day prophets?
Are the theories of Evolution and the Big Bang now binding to Catholics and to be held as true?
What do modern evangelicals/dispensationalists believe about the general resurrection and final judgment?
What is the biblical basis for the belief that Satan was the serpent in the Garden of Eden?
What is the basis for the idea that the Song of Solomon is about the relationship between God and the church?
How can the Pope's recent actions not be viewed as condoning homosexuality?
How does the Pope's recent evolution comments line up with the Gen 1; 1-5 text?
How, as a spiritual person do you differentiate your Intuition from Holy Spirit's guidance?
What would happen if the Pope were to abuse his power?
What's the name of this setting for the Angelus?
Is the presence of evil necessary for good to be expressed?
What is the biblical support that the Catholic Church is the custodian of truth?
How can God judge us if we are born sinful?
What is the difference between evangelizing and proselytizing?
What is the biblical basis against polygamy in the New Covenant?
How widespread is the safe environment program in Catholic Catechetical programs?
Can an early date for the certain Pauline epistles and a late date for Luke-Acts be reconciled?
What is the Catholic Church's position on recreational marijuana use?
What is the biblical basis for venial and mortal sins?
What is to be understood by Mary being the "mother of the church"?
Are there any differences between Protestant and Catholic theology concerning the distinction between demonic possession from mental illness?
Do modern descendants of the Levites need to be ordained with the Aaronic Priesthhood?
Why does transubstantiation refer only to communion?
What is the biblical basis for God being omnipresent?
What was C.S. Lewis referring to in The Weight of Glory?
What is the difference between Tradition and Revelation according to Catholicism?
How many apostles are there?
What is the scholarly biblical argument against theistic evolution?
Can a married woman enter heaven if she bears no children?
Does the Eastern orthodox church prohibit Christian meditation?
How do Calvinists interpret 2 Peter 1:10?
Did God promise to appoint prophets in each generation?
What is the Catholic Church's answer to whether one is really Catholic if they don't accept some of the Church's teachings?
What is the Catholic Church's position on the scientific theory of evolution?
What is the connection between Charity and Virtues according to Aquinas?
Is it known who first associated the Beast of Revelation with the Antichrist, and when?
According to Trinitarian belief how is Isaiah 48:16 interpreted?
According to Mormonism, what are angels?
What is the basis for the idea that marriage requires a ceremony?
How do creationists explain the geologic column?
Is a claim of 50,000,000 Baptist martyrs accurate?
Did Jesus say "My people perish for lack of knowledge"?
Is there biblical evidence of seraphims being angels?
Do Messianic Jews practice the jubliee?
According to Catholic Teaching, what is sinning against the Holy Spirit?
In the Gospels, is there any recorded instance of the Pharisees quoting Scripture?
What is meant by "men have been raised up from the fall to far greater heights?"
Did Casting Crowns ever say why they chose their name?
Is sacred music still sacred if performed by non-believers?
What is the difference between apostolic pardon and absolution?
Justification for Marriage without State
For Catholics who have expressed concern about Pope Francis and are wary of his pontificate, what are the key issues?
What is the Catholic understanding and explanation regarding Num 11:25?
What are the main differences between the Catholic and Protestant definitions of Biblical inerrancy?
Was David aware that his words were prophetic according to any doctrines, traditions, or exegesis?
When did the idea start that divine revelation is "finished"?
How are the Catholic church's teaching on plastic surgery and GRS self-consistent?
Why are Jesus' sayings about the poor concentrated in Luke?
In Catholic teaching, to what scripture is each of the seven sacraments referenced?
Was Jesus literate?
Research project: am I missing any verses where Jesus addresses wealth and greed?
How can I fairly use copyrighted bible translations in an app?
What is the Biblical basis that through the covenants God has promised to bless his people materially?
What is the process within the Catholic Church to get a clarification on Church teaching?
In Aquinas's first proof of God's existence, what is the difference between accidentally and essentially ordered causal series?
What does this reference in the Watchtower Online Library mean?
Is there a systematic theology resource based solely on the words of Jesus?
What is the Protestant explanation for how Mary could provide Jesus with his flesh but be part of the fall herself?
If God is good and knows the future, why does he knowingly create people who go to hell?
Does "Positive Christianity" still exist?
When and why did the Catholic Church stop the Crusades?
What denominations obligate daily Bible reading and prayer?
What is the meaning of the strange fire in Leviticus 10:1?
What's Moses up to nowadays?
What does the Catholic Church say happens on the New Earth?
Are there no families after this life?
What did Paul mean when he wrote 1 Corinthians 14:22 in the context of 1 Corinthians 14:23-25?
Which year did Jesus die? What is the most commonly held view
If every stone of the temple was thrown down how is the Wailing Wall still standing?
Does the Pope teach infallibly ONLY when he speaks ex cathedra?
According to the Catholic Church in her recent pronouncements, what is the order of truths to which the believer adheres?
How can Pharisees turn someone from God if His grace is irresistible?
Why is it not a sin when God asked Moses to lie to Pharaoh?
What is the Magisterium of the Catholic Church and what power do they have?
Does the Bible indicate whether Solomon is in heaven?
Are there Christians who believe Jesus was an ideology and not a person?
Is there a commandment to love your parents?
What is the case against Gore Vidal's view that St. Paul "invented Christianity"?
Are there any scholars or doctrinal schools that address the conspicuous dearth of needy people in Jesus' sayings and stories?
How do Leslie Weatherhead's views on the will of God compare to contemporary Baptist thought?
Why did God deliver his message through Jesus instead of a flesh-and-blood prophet?
How might one categorize all of the books of the New Testament by theme?
Yhwh: Exodus 3, 14. «I am that I am» and relationship to Metaphysics as Ontology?
Do the angels in Ezekiel 1:10 represent the 4 aspects of creation according to evangelicals?
Do (or did) any Protestant denominations believe in apostolic succession like Catholics do?
How do Lutherans who accept apostolic succession trace theirs?
What is the Biblical basis that prayer is sufficient as a way to recognize truth?
Is Jesus speaking in Isaiah 40-48?
Is Jehovah Jesus Christ?
Does the Catholic church today require for you to pay taxes?
Biblical basis or rationale for Christian Identity Movement?
Does the Catholic Church verify whether candidates to the priesthood are really men?
Are there physical or psychological conditions that are a barrier to ordination to the Priesthood in the Catholic Church?
What is considered to be free choice in the context of "choosing to go to hell"?
What is the basis for seeing Christ's words in the Gospels as part of the New Covenant?
How do Anglicans, who recognize apostolic succession, trace theirs?
On what basis do Popes choose their papal name?
Are there Christians that try to change the date of Second Coming through their actions?
Did Jesus visit the temple before the wise men came?
In whose name was Jesus baptized?
According to the LDS church, when was the priesthood lost?
Is theodicy considered an open problem or a solved one, according to catholicism?
What is Martin Luther's approach to liturgical services in light of Paul Tillich?
If Jesus was sinless then why was he baptized?
2 Corinthians 2:15-16 - what does this passage mean?
How did the tradition of Mothering Sunday arise?
Why was Aaron not allowed into the promised land?
Book of revelation what is wormwood?
What does it mean to judge the fatherless?
What is the meaning of the bronze serpent used to save the Israelites?
What is the basis for translating the serpent in Gen. 3 as a being of light?
Recognition of Previous Marriage by the Roman Catholic Church
How were the quarter-millennium anniversaries of the resurrection of Jesus commemorated?
How do Seventh Day Adventists interpret Romans 14:5?
What happens to a human after he dies according to Catholicism?
Does Daniel 12:1–2 indicate the damned will have physical bodies like the Saints?
Can annulments be granted after a marriage has received a Radical Sanation?
What is an overview of the schools of thought regarding the soteriological status of alien life forms?
What happens if the Cardinals who voted against the Pope get stuck with a Pope they don't like?
What is the origin and development of the calender of the Western Church?
How often are books quoted outside of their own book?
Why does the Catholic Church require miracles for someone to be canonized?
What is the biblical basis for the belief held by Jehovah's Witnesses that Jehovah and Jesus Christ are separate entities?
What is the Biblical basis for the belief that God foreordained the fall of Adam and Eve?
Is there a verse about "big" and "small" lies being the same in God's kingdom?
Why did God instruct the Israelites to perform so many different types of sacrificial offerings?
Did God forgive sins based on Jesus' future sacrifice?
How did the Virgin Mary's title "Mirror of Justice", used in some Catholic prayers, originate?
When did the practice of bringing non-believers to church originate?
What does the parable of the "goodman of the house" mean?
Does Roman Catholicism teach that man is body and soul (bipartite) or body, soul, and spirit (tripartite)?
Is there a biblical basis for Zoroastrians worshiping a different God than the God of the Bible?
What are the positions relative to each other in the Catholic church's clerical hierarchy?
Is Jeremiah 10:2-5 referring to a Christmas Tree?
How do Protestants understand the blessedness of Mary in Luke 1:48?
Are there any Christians who understand Daniel 10 implying that there is an evil spirit prince over each country?
According to the LDS, do Michael and Gabriel have resurrected bodies?
What is the earliest recorded instance where Mary is called "Blessed Virgin?"
What, historically, was the age of accountability for Latter-Day-Saints before D&C 68:27?
Did the forbidden fruit make us wise?
What does Revelation 19:12-16 mean?
Did King James really have his name put into the Bible?
Is there a biblical basis for Pescetarianism?
Is Jesus' statement that Satan is the father of the Jews anti-Jewish?
How can 1 Corithians 7:14 and Luke 14:27 be reconciled?
Are Christians called to forgive Unbelievers?
According to Catholic Tradition, did God create people to be prophets or did He choose people to be prophets based on good works?
What is meant by "order" in reference to ministries within the Church, and how did its usage come about?
Are there examples of English words and phrases that are associated with blasphemy of the Virgin Mary?
How do the Pope, Bishops, Priests relate to one another in the Catholic Church's hierarchy?
Is it true there is only one other place in the bible we can find the number 666?
What is "spirit" in Holy Spirit?
Do Catholics regard the wine at The Wedding at Cana as "holy" wine or "normal" wine?
What is the history and explanation as to why the "diaconate" was MIA in the Western Church over a certain period of time?
What is the Catholic understanding of "the thousand-year reign of Christ and his people"?
What is the view of Islam within the Catholic Church?
Who disciplines who within the hierarchy of the Catholic Church?
What is the Biblical argument that homosexual attraction is sinful by itself?
Why did Mary and Joseph look for an inn?
How do non-Trinitarians who do not believe Jesus is God Almighty explain how Jesus can effect atonement for all of humanity?
When, how and why did Mary start to be called "Queen of heaven"?
Does the Bible say we will die sinning?
What is the scriptural basis, if any, for the Catholic teaching that the homosexual tendency is of itself not a sin?
What biblical evidence is there that our spirit only began in this life?
Can Man see God?
Are there any traditions or schools of thought that track Jesus' movements?
Jesus said he was like the bronze serpent, which was destroyed because it was worshipped. What does this mean for those who worship him?
The difference between how the Holy Spirit and Son "proceed" from the Father
Is Jesus God, as well as the son of God in LDS?
In two online Catholic Bibles, what accounts for the difference in the numbering of the verses in Sirach Chapter 7?
How did the phenomenon of "Megachurches" come about?
What is the status of Catholics who reject Vatican II? Are they considered heretics?
What is the Catholic view on frozen embryos
What issues do Catholics representing God in fiction historically face?
If Noah's Flood was a historical global flood then how is the evidence that Egypt was founded before the Flood explained?
What reasons does the Bible give for why the tribe of Levi was chosen to have the priesthood and temple duties?
How do Trinitarians reconcile Jesus is a spirit?
On the Catholic Perspective on the incarnation of Jesus, according to St.Thomas Aquinas: Two natures, one Person
What is meant by keeping people blind and deaf so as not to get healed?
Did Jesus own a home as an adult or was He a nomad?
How does the Catholic Church explain their belief that Jesus chose Peter to build upon?
What is the Biblical basis for saying that wives can divorce their physically abusive husbands?
What did God do to the Jews in Thessalonica?
Jesus cried: my God, why did they hear Elijah?
Did Jacob Arminius and/or the remonstrants believe they were in agreement with John Calvin?
good ways to deal with "It's just a pagan holiday, he wasn't even born then"
Does Catholicism confound the role of "elder" and "priest"?
Was Keturah Abraham's wife or concubine?
What is the biblical argument against having a concubine?
What does childbearing have to do with the salvation of a woman?
Could Jesus Christ hate something or someone?
What's the Biblical basis for "all Christians will be together in heaven some day"?
Is this age the only opportunity for salvation?
Are Catholic Bishops the successors of the Apostles alone or the Elders too?
Why did Daniel feel the need to pray towards Jerusalem, even at the cost of his own life?
How do Jehovah's Witnesses interpret verses like Isaiah 9:6 which call the messiah 'God'?
What did Mary and Joseph do with the gold, frankincense, and myrrh?
How many Wisemen were there?
Where did the translators of the New World translation study the Biblical languages?
Sisters giving the concluding talk in a sacrament meeting, where did my source go?
Is there any scriptual proof of annihilation?
Did Thomas Aquinas rate masturbation as a greater sin than rape?
In what churches does this set of beliefs and behaviors best fit?
What happens to those souls who have not been--nor ever will be--exposed to the teachings of the Bible?
How do Jehovah Witnesses come to the conclusion that the Holy Spirit is a force?
Catholic Baptism Process Pre-Vatican II
Do Jehovah's Witnesses object to praying with other Christians?
Is there a particular order in lighting candles on an advent wreath?
Burying a fish as a Christmas tradition?
Why is Jesus looking on an oddly standing stone?
Was Esau's Birthright also a physical token?
Is there such a thing as a Catholic commentary on the Bible?
How can we be so sure about the authenticity and genuineness of all the new "versions" and translations of the Canonical Bible?
What is the basis for the LDS belief that religious truth is confirmed by what you feel?
Why is there not a single date in the Bible?
Anne and Joachim are the parents of Mary - is this a Catholic dogma?
In the Catholic Church's calender, what are Solemnities, Feasts, and Memorials?
Do Catholics believe that Jesus' time in the wilderness was meant as an allegory?
Was Jesus' time in the wilderness the only time that He encountered Satan on Earth?
Do Catholics believe that God is actively "fighting" Satan?
How do Calvinists interpret "Your word is a lamp to my feet And a light to my path" and "He shall direct your paths"?
Did the Bull, Unam Sanctam, authorize/promote Christian aggression by the "temporal sword"?
What are the differences between cherubim and seraphim?
What is the Catholic theological basis for the Munificentissimus Deus?
Where do I go to get official Catholic answers?
Why do (at least some) Messianic Jews celebrate the birth of Jesus on the 15th of Tishri?
Protestants and Sola Scriptura adherents: When was scripture alone sufficient?
Why does Isaiah not mention himself after chapter 39?
Why are the Ammonites excluded instead of the Midianites in Nehemiah 13?
According to Catholicism, in the Eucharist, does the bread become Christ’s “spiritual body” or “natural body”?
Where did the custom of dancing with flags during worship originate?
What does it mean that "many parts which are plain have been taken away"?
How do Roman Catholics reconcile Acts 15:20 with transubstantiation?
How sound are the arguments that Melchizedek invoked a Canaanite deity when he met Abraham?
Why don't Mormons sing the second verse of, "Hark! The Herald Angels Sing"?
Why did Esau despise his birthright?
What is the Lutheran doctrine of consubstantiation and how does it differ from transubstantiation and a more general protestant sacramental view?
What does it mean to be "poor in spirit"?
If God is omniscient how can he regret?
Are Roman Catholics *required* at any time to bow down to statues or images?
According to Mormonism, how does a person get saved?
What is the source of the story about the melted gold in the destroyed temple in 70 AD
Is Christianity unique in the way it uses the historical method?
What is the source of the tradition that animals can speak on Christmas Eve?
What are the requirements for godparents in the Roman Catholic Church?
Why (and when) did the empty cross v.s. crucifix split happen?
What is the difference between humans as "image of God" and Jesus as "image of God"?
Why do Seventh-day Adventsists believe in a great end of days conflict about the Sabbath day?
Where is Jesus's Soul according to tripartite theology?
Do the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Churches observe different dates for Pascha?
What is the basis for the idea that God is highly involved in human lives?
What is the distinction between a sacrament and an ordinance?
According to Mormons, what is the Holy Spirit of Promise mentioned in Ephesians?
Surveys to find out which Christian denomination I am most like
What did Luther have against Zwingli?
Did Matthew the Tax Collector author the Gospel?
View on divorce after civil marriage in Protestant Churches?
How did the people know that John the Baptist was a prophet?
Can I say, "Bless You" to our Catholic priest?
When did the massacre of the innocents happen?
Do emotions dictate our destiny/faith?
Where can I find a simple but complete taxonomy of churches?
Why are the letters and psalms and such considered God's Word if they are written by fallible men?
Mentioning of Prophets
May Christians work while fasting?
Respect for other religions
Meaning of the expression "I cling to cross of Christ"
Can a Roman Catholic be re-catechized and re-confirmed?
Does Jesus say that he is God?
What are the best ways to refute the position that Paul started Christianity?
What are all the things that can contain the Holy Spirit?
Is Yahweh the Golden Calf?
How do we explain Paul's encounters with disciples of Jesus in light of the Great Commission?
What is the basis for saying that Adam was created without sin?
What's the name of the heresy that declares Mary Mother of God is a goddess?
When and why were stained glass windows first incorporated into the design of a Christian place of worship?
Why does Joseph have a staff in nativity scenes?
Meaning of "Confirmatio" in relation to the Sacrament of Confirmation (Sacramentum Confirmationis)
Confused on Nahor and Haran
Does Mormonism rest on Joseph Smith's credibility alone?
Why was it important that Isaac's wife be from within Abraham's family?
What is an overview of Protestants' answers to why I still sin when I have the Spirit of God in me?
What is the Biblical backing for the perspective that our actions affect who makes it to heaven?
How does the Catholic Church explain passages that seem to use culturally specific logic?
Bland white rice and tea in Chinese-American Christian Churches
What is the Catholic interpretation of 2 Thessalonians 2:3?
Unitatis Redintegratio: Analogy to describe those in "partial" or "imperfect" communion?
Why does the LDS church believe that alcohol was forbidden, despite being common in the Bible?
What is the Christian position on sleeping with a menstruating woman?
Is church attendance and/or participation in Communion a requirement for Roman Catholics?
What are the soteriological consequences of heresy?
What are the biblical arguments against Arianism?
Do any denominations take "turn the other cheek" as a literal command to be followed?
What is the Lutheran view on sovereign election?
Who rejects prosperity theology?
Latin Lyrics for Gregorian Chants
Does the Catholic Church have any mechanism to improve poor homilists?
Where are the Mormon "relics"?
What is Protestant Scholasticism?
Did the notion of "Youth Group" exist in the early church?
Orthodox Priest Assignment
Did Melchizedek worship the same God as Abram?
From a Lutheran perspective, does Hebrews 6 mean that some who fall away can never be restored?
Pride of the humble
How do Mormons understand Revelation 22:3?
What's the difference between predestination and predeterminism?
Does Catholicism teach that the Pope is God?
Why do Protestants trust what Paul and Luke wrote 100%?
Is Ecclesiastes 2:24 advice for Christians or non-Christians
What is Reasoning behind the Inquisition and Separation of Holy days to be separate from the Israeli Sabbath
Who was the Christian missionary who helped reform English Missions?
Do any Christian groups refer to God as "she", "it" or "they"? (Or is it always "He"?)
Can the Bible become an idol?
Where did the idea of being "called to preach" come from?
How do the rites for a first and second marriage (after death of a spouse) differ in the Orthodox Church?
Do any prominent theologians point to Old Testament prophecies of there being two comings of the Messiah?
Did Luther have any disagreements with the teachings of Augustine of Hippo?
What is the Biblical basis for the use of extra-Biblical books in the study of Christ?
Why would people make themselves eunuchs "for the Kingdom of heavens sake"?
How do demotions work in the Catholic Church?
What does "give that which is holy to dogs" mean?
Is all prayer supplication?
What prophecy was about Timothy?
What was the "Sect of Nicolaus" and did elements of it's influence carry down to our day?
Children picking parents before birth. Is it biblical?
What is the Catholic explanation as to why God has revealed himself in "male" terms?
In Matthew 23:35, who was “Zacharias son of Barachias”?
What is the biblical basis for the JW belief that only 144,000 go to heaven?
What is the Biblical basis for opposing State Brutality?
How does the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America handle heresies?
What is the decree that Pope Gregory IX issued in 1231?
Is a Catholic "blessing of a marriage" not a wedding?
According to the LDS faith, did Noah build the Ark in America?
Are Followers of Christianity Allowed to Love Whomever They Choose?
What things led to the canonization of Thomas More?
Scriptural arguments against Prosperity Theology
What does it mean that God is the saviour of all people, especially those who believe?
Jesus said no one had gone into heaven except the Son of Man, but what about Elijah?
According to the Catholic Church, what is to become of a family when the married couple discovers they are brother and sister?
How to reconcile the number of people that went down to Egypt with Jacob?
Was the cave of Abraham in Shechem or Hebron?
If Jesus is the son of God then why bother listing his genealogy?
According to Catholic sources, what is the "Leviathan" in the Bible?
Is the Sacrament of Confirmation really necessary to complete baptism?
In Jerusalem around 600BC, who was Laban?
What spirit(s) is referred to in 1 John 4?
According to Catholic teaching and theology, can man ever see God as he really is?
Are there any Christian churches or groups which teach that all religions are inherently good?
What are the Church fathers' arguments that Peter is the rock?
How does the Orthodox Church view the Roman Catholic Church?
What are the main beliefs/themes of the Prosperity Gospel and which are the current prominent groups and their pastors?
What is the Catholic interpretation of John 19:26-27?
In Catholic Church History, when, why and by whom did the four living creatures become associated with the four evangelists?
According to Catholicism, when exactly were the souls of those who died before Christ conducted to heaven?
Renouncing the devil during baptism
How is Abraham able to speak to the rich man across the chasm of hell in Jesus' story in Luke 16?
What is the significance of Jesus' spitting on the ground in the book of John?
Has the Vatican issued clarification for pictures which appear to show Pope St John Paul II kissing the Qur'an?
What exactly is "Ordinary Time" in the Catholic Church's liturgical calendar?
Where to find information about numbers of Mormons in France, Poland, Russia during WW2
In the Catholic Church, what is the explanation for having, and the history behind Principal Co-Consecrators?
What Scriptures did Arius use to support teaching that Jesus was created?
Did this phrase "love the sinner but hate the sin" in this form originate in Christianity and who is credited to have first used it?
According to Catholic teaching that is biblically supported, who are "the enemies of Christians?"
What was Anselm's biblical basis for his theory of atonement by satisfaction?
What are the steps for a non-Catholic Christian to become a Catholic?
Why are the Psalms numbered this way in some Catholic Bibles?
According to Catholicism, why is the Holy Spirit never spoken of as the Father of Jesus?
How do Calvinists account for Calvin's statements on atonement?
Why do Catholics make the sign of the cross at the Eucharist?
What gift of God did Timothy have?
Is it possible that a new book could be added to the Bible?
In LDS canon, is the Final Judgement before or after the resurrection?
What are the biblical arguments that the Bible canon is NOT closed?
Why do Protestants worship on Sunday?
Is there a logical flow in 2 Timothy 2:4-7?
What evidence is there that Peter was a bishop in Rome?
When did the idea of a scriptural "canon" originate?
Is the LDS observance of the Sabbath on Sunday based on revelation?
When was the idea of all humans worth equal incorporated into Lutheran Christianity?
Which Reformation theologians used the analogy of water and ink for sin?
Why does the Coptic church still perform circumcisions?
Ezekiel Temple and Prophecy
First Occurrence of "Sea of Forgetfulness" in Christian Literature
How Does the Copper Serpent Relate to Jesus?
Why do non believers hate being confronted with the truth?
Where was God prior to creating the ***Heavens*** and the Earth?
Reading NIV bible for AR points
According to LDS, what is the purpose of the final judgment?
Chronologically, when was the concept of Hell first mentioned in the Bible?
What is the Biblical basis that it was was the second person of the Trinity that walked in the garden of Eden?
What is the position of the Episcopal Church on the evolution of man?
Why is Ruth's child in the line of Boaz and not Mahlon?
Are there any verses showing God being fooled or deceived?
How does mainstream Christianity's perception of Heaven differ from the Mormon perception of the Terrestrial Kingdom?
Why is the name Jehovah not used more in the Book of Mormon?
What is the difference between 'Hell', 'Sheol', 'Hades' and 'Gehenna'?
Does Catholicism Share Some Beliefs with Deism?
What is the position of the United Methodist Church on creationism and evolution
Why is God referred to as male rather than female?
Is it true that people in the Genesis and Exodus are only given promises for future blessings?
Do the Majority of Denominations believe in a literal flood or a metaphorical one?
How does the Jehovah's Witness denomination deal with the filial piety among its East Asian believers?
What is the Biblical basis for continuationism?
Why do Pentecostals believe in a closed canon?
Is Catholicism the only religion to uphold the indissolubility of marriage?
According to Catholic theology, why are there two and only two processions in the Godhead?
How is the Book of Enoch ascribing all sins of fallen angels to Azazel not Scriptural?
What is the purpose of angels?
Why do Roman Catholics consider eating fish on Friday a good work?
According to Catholic theology, why does God have an only Son?
Are there example writings of general refutation from Jesus' time?
Why or where were the 1000s of people who knew Jesus, why didn't they help
What does James mean when he says that Judging a Brother Equals Judging the Law?
Who found whom? After Jesus FINDS Philip, why does Philip tell Nathanael "We have FOUND the One..."?
What's the purpose of angel's fight?
Levitical Law obsolete?
According Catholic theology, what does the suffering of hell consist of?
According Catholic theology, what does the joy of heaven consist of?
According to Catholic teaching, does sin disfigure?
"Kingdom Of God is at Hand" - Which Kingdom was Jesus and John the Baptist talking about?
Can Matthew 27:53 resurrection be verified or confirmed in history or other writings?
When is the first documented case of Christians praying to the dead saints?
What is the basis that some Protestants teach the non-necessity of baptism for salvation?
Who developed the doctrine of Biblical Inerrancy first - Catholics or Protestants?
Washing of feet - Is it a part of Communion?
Is the gender of the Holy Spirit, feminine or masculine?
What is the traditional view of Divine Command Theory in accordance to the Reformed tradition?
How many people saw Christ Jesus rise from the dead?
What if Israel had accepted Jesus as their Lord? (Catholic perspective)
What significance do Catholics see in the fact that Adam and Eve 'knew each other' only after original sin?
What is Heaven like according to Catholics?
What is the meaning of 'the Sun and the Moon' in Joseph's dream?
What is the Baptist justification for anti-confessionalism?
How do Baptists catechize children?
Abraham, Moses and God's names
What are the major differences between the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Catholic Churches?
Why are Christianity and occultism irreconcilable?
Am I a party to the covenant of atonement?
Is Genesis 18 regarded as a Theophany of the Trinity by any denomination?
How did the phrase "getting to know Jesus" come to be ubiquitous among Evangelicals (i.e. Campus Crusade for Christ)?
What is the name of this fragment? Where can I find more?
Where does "amen" come from?
What was the justification of morality in Puritan Antinomianism?
What is the basis for the claim that Judaism is a Christian Heresy?
In Catholicism, what does "mystical" mean?
C.S. Lewis Reference: True Myths
Within the Catholic Church, what are the main reasons given for the decline of Catholicism in the Netherlands?
When is earliest mention of the Church tradition that Jesus was born in a cave?
How do cessationists interpret James 5:13-18?
Is Baptism of a child still valid if one of the pouring during baptism misses?
What does Catholic teaching/theology say about familial relations in hell?
Within the Catholic Church, when and by whom did the story that Jesus was born in a house arise?
Why do so many baptisms occur with regular clothes on and not swimwear?
How do we know the words accredited to Jesus were the words Jesus actually spoke?
According to Catholic Church tradition, where, when, how and by whom did the devotion of the Stations of the Cross begin?
To use or not use portable receptacles for baptism?
Why was the Angel Michael fighting the Devil for Moses' body?
Was Jesus crucified naked?
Is creationism falsifiable?
To JWs, how is Jesus Christ "the same yesterday and today, and forever"?
Where are the tombs of Jesus' original 12 Apostles
Can a prospective Catholic convert skip the RCIA by self-teaching?
In a Eucharistic miracle, do the communicants still partake of the sacrament?
What is the Catholic understanding of omnipotence?
Have Creationists advanced any particular Theories of Origin that they claim are falsifiable via the scientific method?
Was it just Daniel who prayed toward Jerusalem or did all exiles do so?
Gifts of the Holy Spirit according to Seventh Day Adventists
Did Karl Barth confess an orthodox doctrine of the Trinity?
Is there a patristic precedent for understanding "foreknew" as "foreloved"?
Is it known when and why Christians began to sign themselves and impart blessings with the Cross?
When and why did blessing by the sign of the cross begin?
Is there a deeper meaning for the reason for the new translation of the "Sanctus?"
Are prospective Mormons allowed to be baptized during their menstruation periods?
Do JW teach that Luke 23:43 was corrupted? On what basis?
A curse be unto you
Why did Luther add the word 'alone' to Romans 3:28?
What are the requirements for a teacher in the Baptist church?
Why does Iglesia ni Cristo use the Lamsa Bible?
What are the reasons for the Catholic Church's term "ecclesial community?"
What is the difference between Apollinarianism and Eutychianism?
What is the difference between the Christologies of Nestorianism and Pelagianism?
What does it mean that baptism "erases original sin"?
Mormons, for how long can I be forgiven of all my sins?
Do Calvinists believe they know whether they are saved?
Which people in the Bible are antichrists?
What is the substance/nature of God based on Trinitarians?
Is it a common view among Christains that Satan is the lord of this world?
Does St. Thomas Aquinas think idolatry is the main cause of homosexuality?
Are the apostles the final authority on interpreting the scriptures in the LDS church and how can I get their interpretations of specific passages?
How was slavery in the U.S. justified by Christianity?
How were the Nephilim still in existence after the flood?
Does Song of Solomon encourage pre-marital sex?
Why was the gift of the Holy Ghost not operative during Christ's mortal ministry according to LDS doctrine?
Are LDS church manuals considered to be the words of God?
Was Emperor St. Justinian an Aphthartodocetist?
Does the Eastern Orthodox Church believe in Aerial Toll Houses?
Does the Catholic church allow a previously divorced man to remarry?
Can Southern Baptists take communion at home alone?
What is the difference between original sin and original guilt?
Where does the story of the spider on the cross come from?
Are there examples of royal Orthodox saints (not martyrs) who have executed people?
Is there any equivalent of the Shivoham experience in Christianity?
What is the basic Protestant understanding of oneness in these Scriptures?
If Orthodox Christians must repent of any act of violence, how does this not entail pacifism?
How did Baptists in the southern US justify slavery as compatible with Christianity?
What is the name of the theory or thesis that the brothers of Jesus came from a previous marriage of St. Joseph?
What is the biblical basis for the claim that the Father is a bodiless spirit?
Reason for rise in evangelical observance of Lent in the United States
Does the Eastern Orthodox Church eat leavened or unleavened bread during the Eucharist?
Eucharist for Catholic Candidates after Easter Vigil?
The task of interpreting the Word of God - The Pope
Were Luther and Calvin Aphthartodocetists?
Was Calvin a Nestorian?
Why does Nephi believe he can keep all the commandments?
Why did the blood sacrifice in Genesis take place as acceptable to God?
What influence does pietism have on modern-day Lutheranisms?
Did Jesus have a divine biological Father?
What is the bottomless pit?
Does Jesus call himself divine in the synoptic gospels?
What is the difference between Lutheran and Calvinist beliefs in the apostasy of the Church?
Does Catholic and Orthodox belief say 'antichrist' has already come and gone?
What are the "heavenly realms"?
Catholic response to Luke 11:27-28
What is the Biblical basis for the concept that demons have an odor?
Why is God on Sarah's side when she asked Abraham to cast out Hagar and Ishmael?
How is the Catholic belief in Purgatory supported?
Who is allowed to read the handbook of instructions in the LDS Church?
What was Origen's view of Jesus' soul?
What are Mormons allowed to discuss about the temple, when not inside the temple?
According to Evangelicals, before the Reformation, who were Christians if “Catholics are not Christians”?
Had Jesus already read the end of the book?
God's sacrifice to himself
Is the Tetragrammaton YHWV or YHVH
Italian Version of St. Maxilmian Kolbe writings
Origin of the idea that "demons" and "fallen angels" are the same thing?
Basis for belief that a person can be "possessed by" a demon?
What are the rules or laws a Catholic must follow if he/she has a website or blog?
Does the RCC permit Catholic laity to answer exegetical questions (i.e., interpret scripture) on a forum or website?
Does the RCC allow confirmation names that aren't based on saints?
Usage of Hades in the New Testament
Was Martin Luther a Rosicrucian?
What is the biblical argument against baptism by sprinkling/pouring?
Is there a Catholic list of Old Testament sacraments?
In which language is the Bible most read today?
What is the difference between an Apostate and an Antichrist?
How could the person in Luke 9:49 cast out demons without Jesus' mandate?
What are the theological implications of "pray for us sinners, now and at the hour of our death"?
What is the reason for differences for Genesis 3:9 among Bible translations?
What is the Christological difference between the early Church fathers and the Arians?
Online resources for the Churches of Christ (USA)
Gospel writers who were not disciples of Jesus
Was Elohim the Saviour and Redeemer of his world?
How do Mormons translate, "Elohim"?
Romans 16:1 vs 1 Corinthians 14:34 - Position of Women in Congregation?
Did Judas identify Jesus with a kiss because Jesus could change his features?
Does the Bible explain why God chose Israel?
When did the Community of Christ (formerly RLDS) adopt the doctrine of the Trinity?
What are the similarities and differences between the LDS and RLDS D&C?
What is the gist of CARM's criticism of Joyce Meyer?
Animals eating animals - Noah
How do people who believe in immediate heaven for believers at death explain Tabitha?
What is the basis for the belief that there were twelve Magi?
When should we not receive holy communion?
What power do spirits have that resurrected beings do not?
Has the Catholic Church outlined specific Biblical passages which should not be taken literally?
What kind of ecclesiastical structure did Ignatius of Antioch discuss in his epistles?
What will be the indication that God accepted Jesus' sacrifice on our behalf
Biblical basis for "We are the living law"?
What is the name of this theological problem?
How old will we be in heaven?
Is there a future for ecumenism? What is the main obstacle for Christian unity?
What was at issue in the Clark-Van Til controversy?
Origin of "This is the Word of the Lord" "Thanks be to God"
What is the difference between these versions of the KJV?
Why does 1 John say Christians are unable to sin?
According to Reformed Theology how can we saved by Grace 'Alone' and Faith 'Alone'?
Does God know me personally?
Parable of The Two Sons [Matthew 21:28-31]
What is the biblical basis for classifying the Eucharist as an offering or sacrifice?
Why is our righteousness as filthy rags?
Samaritans, the Jubilee and Jesus
Why do people call Mary Magdalene the "Black Madonna"?
Why would the baptismal state of a spouse be relevant to whether someone can be confirmed in the Catholic Church?
Which, if any, Protestant bodies affirm punishment in the afterlife for the unrighteous prior to the general resurrection and the Day of the Lord?
If we are the bride, who are the invited?
How is the Book of Mormon different from the Bible?
Are there any archaeological evidences suggesting the existence of the Book of Mormon?
Is the Doctrine of Resurrection of the Dead expressed in Pentateuch?
How Christians explain that Isaiah 7:14 refers to a virgin?
"The Son of Man", Jesus' favorite designation of himself, in view of Numbers 23:19-20?
What misconceptions about the LDS church are a product of Mark Hofmann's forgeries?
What are the main differences between the Baptist and Pentecostal traditions?
How do non-Reformed Theologians interpret Romans 9:11-23?
How is Acts 7:48 reconciled with omnipresence doctrines?
Is the Number of The Beast 666 OR 616?
At what age should Christians be confirmed according to St. Thomas Aquinas?
When did the "upside down cross" become a symbol of anti-Christianity?
Faith is certain: "Ten thousand difficulties do not make one doubt" doubt versus desire to know the One
What's the biblical basis for non-believer's ability to do good?
During Catholic confirmation, what criteria should be used to choose a saint?
What do Evangelical Protestants say about sanctification?
What is the Vatican's position on ISIS?
Did the American Evangelical Church Excommunicate Ted Haggard after his shenanigans?
What support is there for the Jehovah’s Witness translation of John 1:1?
In Catholicism, what can the Saints be patrons of?
According to the Catholic Church, does abortion need to be confessed, and is it a mortal or venial sin?
How do Trinitarians explain that the Logos is a person?
Was Luke an eye-witness to the crucifixion?
What is an overview of beliefs on "Jesus is the Word (Logos) of God"?
Origins of requesting prayer from people in Heaven?
God promised never to do an event such as the flooding ever again. How can judgement day happen then?
Who witnessed the crucifixion?
Are unbaptized RCIA candidates required to celebrate the Sacrament of Reconciliation during the RCIA process?
Besides the LDS church, do any other churches believe there will be a restoration of all things?
Was this teaching (of soul existing before a birth) condemned by the Church?
Permission to print a parallel Bible
Creation vs Evolution
What plausible explanation can we find for the points of contact between Moses in the Pearl of Great Price and the Book of Enoch?
Are there examples of God forgiving without sacrifice?
Why did Judas need to identify Jesus?
Was chaos the initial state of the earth at creation?
What is an overview of the way Adam and Eve ate and became like God?
How accurate is the movie Prince of Egypt? A few questions about Moses
Was Luke, the author of the Gospel and Acts, a slave?
Biblical basis for God's egalitarian love
Do any Protestant denominations organize a canon starting from a collection of books other than the Roman Catholic Church's canon?
A Warning from Jesus
Is 'Non-Catholic Non-Orthodox Modern Western Denomination' an ok definition of Protestant?
How are justification and sanctification related to salvation?
From a Calvinist perspective, does Limited Atonement make the Gospel offer empty?
Were other sins possible in the paradise?
Did the Community of Christ denounce the Book of Mormon?
Why did the RLDS start giving the priesthood to women?
Why did the RLDS change its name to the Community of Christ?
144,000: is there any denomination or group holding this symbolic interpretation?
When was the first recorded account of pre-tribulation teaching?
In 1 Samuel 20:30.. Is Saul saying: "SON of a *****?"?
Requirements to be a Sponsor for a Catholic Baptism
Genesis 1:3; 1:5 and 1:16
What is the name of God in the Bible, Quran and Talmud?
The original number of The Beast is 616 not 666; previous Bible prophesies effected?
Is polyandry legal in the bible?
Blessings of objects by the Priest
Need help remembering CS Lewis Quote about Joy and Chemical Reactions
Reasons many Christians not reading the Bible both OT and NT?
What does the Nicene Creed mean when it says that the Father and the Son are of the same substance?
Where do dead in Christ rise from if they're with Jesus?
Is there any evidence that some Christian leaders discourage lay Christians from reading the whole OT or NT?
Did Jesus Christ certify that the Apostles were infallible?
Phonetic sound of Uzziah
How do we know that death has no mastery over Christ?
Could a Catholic justify remaining an active member of the Catholic Church if the Pope permits homosexuals to receive Communion?
Dating the sacerdotal hierarchy
What makes the spirit and body inseparable after the resurrection?
Does the Bible command women to cover their breasts?
Does a person lose anything by just praying to God the Father all the time?
Do prayers offered to anyone but God the Father go unheard?
How many times did Jesus rise and come back down?
A Catholic uncertain of the trinity
Why are wise men common in contemporary [American] nativity scenes?
Was Jesus Christ crucified on the 14th of Nisan (April 3, 33) or the 15th (April 4, 33),?
Jesus celebrated Jewish Passover; why Christians celebrate Easter, a different feast?
How does Mark's Gospel mark the final hours in the life of Jesus
Did the Herodian Temple have virgins?
Did Judas Iscariot know that Jesus would be killed when he turned Jesus over to the Pharisees?
What is an overview of different stances on whether and why it is a sin to pay taxes?
What is an overview of how Christian commentators have explained rulers to be a terror to bad conduct?
What is the significance of Palm branches?
Why is the Nation of Israel called Israel and not Abraham?
What Christian denominations/groups believe in biblical prophecies based on number of The Beast being 666?
Do any denominations besides the United Church of God commemorate Jesus' death on a Wednesday?
Where and/or when did the tradition that Methuselah died seven days before the Flood (for a period of mourning) originate?
What is the Catholic stance on creation science?
What should the man of God in 1 Kings 13 have done when faced with the old prophet's lie?
How do Catholics interpret Isaiah 2:4?
How do different eschatological views interpret Isaiah 65:17-25?
What is the origin among the Church of England of the Paschal Greeting?
Do non-Catholics get protection by confessional seal?
What is the biblical basis for the forgiveness of sins for very evil persons?
When Pilate offered up Jesus or Barabbas for release, was this to the crowd for their justice or for pardon?
What is a biblical commandment?
What are Christian theologeans referring to when they talk about "God's glory"?
Can Pope use his Interdict power to force changes in national laws regarding abortion?
Eternity in Christianity
When in the development of trinitarian doctrine was the word "persons" first applied to God?
Is an icon of Christ without a cross in the halo Orthodox Christian?
Was there anyone specific who ever argued that God was dead?
Aren't the Nicolaitans the guys who formed the Roman Catholic Church?
If God doesn't tempt us, why does the Lord's Prayer petition Him to "lead us not into temptation"?
Why does the Eastern Orthodox Church dislike the idea that the Spirit proceeds from the Son?
Why did the Apostles not go with the rest of the believers outside of Jerusalem?
How do Protestants interpret Malachi 1:11 and Isaiah 66:20-21?
Are there any authors that who believe Eph. 4:11 is not describing titles but general characteristics of how God created the church to work together?
Catholic chronology
Is 1 John 5:7-8 (the Comma Johanneum) a Latin corruption?
What reforms did Erasmus seek for the church?
Who is Mammon whom Jesus warned of in Sermon of the Mount?
Was Adam anatomically God's image, as Michelangelo's painting seems to indicate?
Books of NT written after the assumption of Mary
What order were the Pauline epistles written, according to evangelical critical scholarship?
Do the Adultery Pericope and Mark 16:9-20 disprove the inerrancy of the Bible?
Can you re-enter the catholic church after leaving?
In the Lord's Prayer, to what does "daily bread" refer?
How do Reformed Churches justify applying the 4th commandment to the Lord's Day?
How did St John of Damascus view Islam?
According to baptist belief what do you do to be saved?
In what ways did orthodox trinitarianism diverge from Tertullian's proto-trinitarianism?
Why did a loving God ask Abraham to kill his own son?
Reconcile God's sovereignty with Satan being the god of this world
When was the word "trinity" first applied to God in Christianity?
Was her name really Bathsheba?
What is the biblical basis for humans becoming angels after they die?
When was the New Testament divided into sentences and paragraphs?
Is there a doctrine that God grants revelation in layers?
Bible comparison KJV vs NRSV-CE
What does the phrase "God of God" means in the Nicene Creed?
According to Emanuel Swedenborg, why are there different types of angels?
When Christ was pierced with the spear, why did water come out?
What do Christian Pacifists believe is necessary for a killing to be justified?
How could Christ offer His blood to those under the Law, when He was forbidden by heritage?
Claims by Jehovah's witnesses from doctrine?
Why didn't God the Father answer Joseph Smith's questions directly?
How were the footnotes in LDS scriptures created?
Could Christ who carried our sins on the cross forgive those same sins?
According to the Church of God (Cleveland), are children sin-free?
We will judge angels? But we are lower than the angels
In what way did the ante-nicene church read Sapiental passages like Proverbs 8:22 christologically?
Purpose of giving up a prisoner on the Passover
According to Emanuel Swedenborg, do infants go to heaven?
According to Emanuel Swedenborg, will a good person who rejects Jesus go to heaven?
Is there a scriptural basis for treating the non-Gospel books of the New Testament as scripture?
By what authority does the Catholic church have priests?
What is the storyline order of the Bible?
For those who view Israel typologically, what is the significance of the 12 tribes?
Does God punish people for their ancestors' sins or not?
What is meant by "Calvinistic Work Ethic"?
What do the Catholic Church consider constitutes intrinsically impossible things?
What does title of "Bishop" mean in some African-American churches?
Denominations that interpret Matthew 5:32 & 19:9 as NOT permitting divorce in the case of adultery?
Were musical instruments alowed in the temple holy and holy of holys?
If salvation is possible from all religions, then is proselytizing required?
Why do Christian's associate Jesus as the son of God?
Did Philip see Jesus turn water into wine?
How well-accepted are Thomas Paine's views about the Bible being against monarchy?
In Catholicism is salvation by grace alone or by following the ten commandments and confession?
Is baptism by water necessary for salvation?
Was Mohammed a Christian?
What does Greek Christos mean
Where did the belief that Saul fell from a horse come from?
On Method in Catholic Moral Theology
Doctrine of biblical inerrancy and Pope Benedict XVI questioning the historicity of passage in the Gospel of Matthew?
What is the process of removing an automatic excommunication?
Protestant denominations that reject solas?
How did Cain kill Abel?
Have Catholic views on Grace and Justification changed?
Questions about soul
Why do people say the holy spirit is a spirit?
What are full-time protestant proselyting missions like?
Matthew 18:10 "Children's angels always behold the face of the Father" - what does this mean?
What are modern full-time Catholic proselyting missions like?
How do Congregationalists explain 1st Tim 1:3 and Titus 1:5?
Is having a collection greed?
What is the Biblical basis for the idea that the 'quality of life' in hell is not the same for everyone?
What compelled the fishermen to "immediately" follow Jesus?
Are the services in the Orthodox churches regulated by canon?
In Christ's time, who possessed the written word?
Psychic medium sin
Did Jesus know from the outset that He was the Son of God or did Mary tell Him?
Where does the communication between God and Satan take place?
Eastern Orthodoxy, The Trinity & Theology of the Body
New Perspective on Paul?
Relationship between God's power and God's will
Nakedness in the Bible
Refutations of, or Thoughts on How Jesus Became God (Bart D. Ehrman)
Can a Catholic married to an Orthodox in an Orthodox church re-celebrate her wedding in a Catholic church?
What is the modern argument against obligatory head coverings?
What's the context in the "Hail" part of Hail Mary?
What was Isaac Newton's view of the Trinity?
Do women have to be quiet?
Did Noah's family still have Original Sin?
What are the foundational texts on biblical interpretation?
What type of Sabbath rest is Hebrews 4 talking about?
God's emotions in contrast to his transcendence? (Catholic position)
What are Anglicans' opinion about Muhammad (founder of Islam)?
Sacraments of Christianity
Spirit and flesh
What did salvation mean to the Israelite people of the OT?
What’s so liberal about the NRSV?
Why would a loving God prefer one nation over another?
Is all the land in the universe called Earth?
What is the basis for King Melchizedek actually being Jesus? Where did this idea come from?
Why did the soldiers go backward and fall down when Jesus said "I am he" in John 18:6?
Catholic teachings on the new life in resurrected body
What year did the Hebrew nation with Joshua cross the Jordan river into the promised land?
Scriptural Basis for different kinds of marriage
Is it fair to say that the Anglican Church was originally intended to be a 'middle ground' between Catholics and Protestants?
Which Apocrypha are part of the Catholic and the Orthodox traditions and which are not? Why?
Is white underwear necessary while being baptized in The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-day Saints?
According to Catholic Tradition, Is It Really Necessary to Say "Holy, Holy, Holy Lord"?
Attending two different churches
How did the Christian movement distinguish itself from Judaism?
Why aren't the Oriental and Eastern Orthodox Churches in communion with each other?
Why did Jesus use a Greek proverb when He spoke Aramaic to Saul in Acts 26:14?
Is there any explanation from the early church Fathers as to why there is no record of the Apostles being baptized?
Does any version of the Anglican church associate 'confirmation' with the Baptism of the Holy Ghost?
Hosea 2:16-17 or Hosea 2:14-15?
Do the Orthodox pray to John the Baptist?
Why are archdeacons (Anglican, Catholic, or Orthodox) called "The Venerable"? What is the origin, in Latin and English, of this title?
What was the charge that was given by the Jewish court to Jesus?
What were the disciples afraid of?
Are foster children considered covenant children in Presbyterianism?
Was Jesus' human nature included in the Trinity?
Who is Enoch's mother? How is Enoch born?
Why doesn't faith heal like it did when Jesus was alive? Aka, "yes-no-wait"
Why was Ham cursed for seeing his father naked?
What's the difference, if any, between the Swedenborgian and Oneness Pentecostal doctrines of God?
Why did heaven need to be purified by Christ's blood?
Is there a theological lesson (modern or traditional) in who carved the tablets for each set of the Ten Commandments?
Are there one or two covenants in Exodus? Clarifying the role of the first set of laws compared to the second set
Why would God permit divorce because of Israel's "hardness of heart"?
When and where does the statement, "Christ paid the penalty for our sins" first appear?
How do Calvinists explain Luke 19:41-44
How are emendations to the Masoretic Text viewed within the doctrine of inerrancy?
Why did Saul name two of his sons Eshbaal and Merib-baal?
What is the scriptural basis for a monarchical episcopate?
Why First Epistle to St. John by St. Ignatius of Antioch is considered to be spurious?
According to Jehovah's witnesses, why does an active force have a name?
What is known about the Apostle Paul's family?
What does it meant that Jesus "breathed on them"?
Where did Aquinas say that the "greatest penalty of sin is the loss of the sense of sin"?
Is the term *Kyrie Eleison* Latin or Greek?
Is the Roman Catholic church condemning Protestants?
How do new converts to Christianity learn about the Bible, Christian faith, and Christian practices?
How would Matthew 24:36 be explained from a Post-Tribulation perspective?
Does Eastern Orthodoxy teach that there are other Apostles?
Lot's virgin daughters had husbands
Where can I find official documents of Buenos Aires' Eucharistic Miracle?
Does the Catholic Church teach that some who died before Christ are still in Limbo? Why?
Do Anglo-Catholics encourage closed Communion?
What is the biblical basis for the phrase "God wants the best for us"?
How were the authors of the four gospels literate?
If marriage is not a sacrament for reformed churches, how to interpret Ephesians 5:32?
Are Catholics allowed to leave marriage in order to become a monk or nun?
In the context of 1 Corinthians 7:10-15, is a Christian free to remarry if his Christian spouse falls away from God and divorces?
How does one become an Apostle in the LDS Church?
Interpretation of Exodus 21
What is the Catholic Church's position on the drug DMT?
What is the meaning of the large statue of a pine cone in Vatican City?
Is the Catholic Church actively preparing for the contact with a highly advanced sentient alien species?
What is the evidence that Ignatius of Antioch was ordained by the Apostles?
According to the Catholic Church, can having ideations to sin ever be mortally sinful?
How has the position of the Catholic Church on drugs changed over time?
Romans 1:4 / Resurrection implying Divinity of Christ
Who does Paul consider to be "Saints" in Romans 1:7?
Judah, Joseph, and Jacob's birthright
Crucified for false accusation, how did Jesus' death turned into a redemptive sacrifice for our sins?
If Abraham, Isaac and Jacob are patriarchs, then what are Adam, Abel, Enoch, and Noah?
How does the LDS Church decide what is included in their scriptural canon?
What must we do if the vast majority of the members of the Catholic Church here on earth profess heresy and are thus excommunicate?
What is an overview of early church opposition to authorities?
Why were none of the Apostolic fathers' writings included in the last canon accepted in the Ecumenical Councils?
Is there a name for The God Who Hears?
How how can God be loving if he lets tragedies happen to his children?
What is the name of this painting of Mary and the infant Jesus?
Hearing Bell sounds - What does the Bible say about bells?
I have OCD, is my 'ritual' considered prayer?
Confession and Penance in the Catholic church
Proof of Prophethood?
What is the origin of the Catechism of the Catholic Church?
How is it just that Jesus, an innocent, would be punished for our sins?
What is the biblical basis for the Catholic and Eastern doctrines of the Assumption of Mary?
Where did the disciples meet Jesus after the resurrection?
Contradictions and misunderstandings
How has apostolic succession been "unbroken" in the wake of depositions, antipopes, immorality, and simony?
Is there a concise eschatology in the Catholic Church?
What religious beliefs did the Galatians hold when Paul first preached the gospel to them?
Does Catholicism have a notion of "the God in me"?
What is the argument that we should honour government laws?
Why did Calvin reject these Catholic doctrines about Mary?
A promise in Acts 16:31?
What is the Biblical basis for death being the last point for repentance?
How is the Solemnity of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary celebrated within the domestic church, that is, within the Catholic family?
Which has greater authority to Mormons: Book of Mormon or the Bible?
How do Jehovah's Witnesses respond to the charge that they are false prophets (because their end-of-the-world predictions didn't come true)?
If Catholics have to be open to new life how can they practice Natural Family Planning?
What is the difference between AME and AME Zion Churches
Does the Pope's encyclical Laudato si' have a Latin version?
What is the difference between "love one another" and "love your neighbour"?
What does catholicism say about inheritance?
What is consumerism and what does the Pope see wrong with it?
What is LDS teaching about how Bible verses came to be in the Book of Mormon?
What is LDS policy/teaching on not taking God's name in vain in languages where it is extremely common?
Born of water and of the Spirit
Are there any christian denominations that think having concubines is sin and why?
Could a lowborn during the middle ages read the bible?
What are some examples of the restoration theme, in the OT, that Christ makes all things new?
Why Does Matthew not give Jesus Christ's genealogy from Adam?
Does the Bible say anything about chimeras or explains their purpose?
Catholic Encyclicals/Bulls in Which Jews and Freemasons are Mentioned?
What is a Catholic's response to advice contained in Laudatio Si?
Which Prominent Modern Religions Came from the "Great Awakenings" and What Have They Done For the World?
What is the basis for missions in a wider hope/inclusive framework?
How do Premillennialists explain Matthew 25:31-46?
Why do Mormons wait until the age of 8 to baptize their children?
How do Jehovah's Witnesses understand the essential nature of hell, and how does it differ from that of Seventh-day Adventists?
How does the Catholic Magisterium advise the married laity to defend the institution of marriage?
Does "Jesus Christ" come from "Hesus Krishna"?
Jesus' power going out
Did Lactantius ever say why it was good for Christians to be ruled by a Christian emperor?
Can Hebrews Chapter 4 use of "Today" Be Used to Refute mistranslation of Luke 23:43 in the New World Translation of the Bible?
Are Jesus and Lazarus the only people raised from the dead?
Sense of humor that Jesus had
Carrying the cross: a profane act or religious act?
Did Jesus ever directly say he would die as a voluntary sacrifice? If so, was it double sense?
Why don't young-earth creationists just explain things (usually considered as miracles) as miracles?
Did the Jews think it was immoral to have leprosy?
What distinguishes Christian meditation from the Catholic tradition from non-Christian meditation?
Are there any non-pacifist traditions that object to military chaplaincy?
"Blessed Virgin" - not Saint?
Did God inadvertantly create evil?
Jesus' power to forgive sins and to cure the sick
What is a word to describe someone who is not a Protestant?
What is the base of the bible as the unique source of revelation?
In Luke 5 did Levi become an apostle almost straight away?
In Romans 3:1-8, what is God being faithful towards?
What does the Orthodox church consider to be the defining features of Christian meditation?
Why does the Episcopal Church take votes on moral questions?
Are there any active Christian ministries that preach from the Jefferson Bible?
How does a lamb take a scroll and break its seals? (Revelation 5)
What is the biblical basis for specifically associating armageddon with fire from heaven?
Why didn't Protestants argue for traditional marriage by natural reason?
Which was the first Roman Catholic hymnal to include Martin Luther's "A Mighty Fortress Is Our God"?
What is the significance of colour purple in the robe that Jesus was made to wear?
Catholic marriage between a Catholic and baptised non-Christian
Are there any Christian denominations that incorporate Odinism?
What are some of the reasons for which mainstream non-Catholic Christians are against gender-neutral secular marriage?
What are some of the reasons for which Catholics are against gender-neutral secular marriage?
Where is there official writings from Perpetua or Felicity?
What is the Biblical basis against Melchizedek being the Holy Spirit?
Does God share moral responsibility for our deeds, good and bad?
Can a practicing Catholic who joined a Protestant church still receive communion in the Catholic church?
When was the last time, if ever, the secular world acknowledged a demonic possession?
Did the midwives in Exodus 1 sin by disobeying and lying to Pharaoh? (Catholic/Protestant overview)
How would the Bible advise a Christian to cope with fear?
What is the source and context of this St. Bernard of Clairvaux quote?
What is the difference between Systematics and Dogmatics?
Why was Esther not sinning when she broke the law and approached the king?
What did Jesus mean by "mustard seed of faith"?
What is the Biblical basis for a Heavenly Mother?
According to Pentecostal doctrines, can a widower marry a divorced person without committing a mortal sin?
Refusing to Baptize Illegitimate Infants
Religious Clothing
How do Young Earth Creationists explain the teeth of animals if there was no death before the fall?
Do Young Earth Creationists believe that insects, microorganisms, and animal cells died before the Fall?
Was satan a worship leader?
Without Hell, from what does Jesus save?
Why were we created to serve if He is all-powerful?
Clarification about "sons of God" who caused flood?
What is biblical theology?
Did Rahab sin by hiding the Hebrew spies and lying to the leaders of Jericho? (Catholic/Protestant overview)
Do Catholics consider saying "Jeez(e)!" to be a violation of the Second Commandment?
What is the Biblical basis for saying the Apostles did not necessarily expect the final judgment to occur in their lifetime?
Re-marrying in the Church
How many practicing Canon Lawyers are there in the USA, and the world?
What are the moral, religious, and promissory obligations of canon lawyers?
What Christians connected the Great Schism and Crab Nebula Supernova (1054 A.D.)?
Was there a first God in the Mormon faith?
According to LDS teaching, why should we worship this God?
According to LDS teaching, Does God have a God?
Can people pray with those from other denominations?
Do Protestants believe that all sins are equal?
Can other "scripture" (such as the Quran) be used as ultimate authority in presuppositional apologetics?
What exactly is Peter's connection to Rome according to Catholic dogma?
Why is the matter of women's authority determined by Eve's acts in her life?
How do Protestants understand the "unforgivable" sin?
Where did Jesus stay during his 3.5 year ministry?
Do the Orthodox and Catholic Churches allow participation in each others' services?
Why did the mid-early church consider the Gospel of Matthew to be reliable?
Can a true Christian continue to commit a particular sin? Like sin of porn watching
What did Pope Francis mean when he said "who am I to judge" homosexuals?
If God "shows no partiality," how do Calvinists defend predestination?
When did "he descended into hell" become part of the Apostles' Creed?
Did anyone understand the Holy Spirit to be a person prior to the Council of Constantinople in AD 381?
St Augustine's saying on redemption
Are Father, Son, and Holy Spirit explicitly identified as "persons" in any writings directly associated with the Nicene Creed?
When did the immutability of God become entrenched in Christian literature?
What is the evidence that the Angel of the Lord in the old Testament is probably Jesus?
How have Calvinist theologians dealt with statements about God repenting?
What countries today have severe restrictions against Christianity as state policy?
Where does Jesus Say He is God?
Did the early church condemn the teaching that God the Father is a person with a body living in space somewhere?
Does the Orthodox church ever condone violence on an individual level?
What is the biblical basis against the idea that Jesus descended into hell?
What indication is there that the famous census under Quirinius is the first-ever done in the region?
Do Reformed paedobaptists call for the baptism of household servants, just as Abraham's servants were circumcised?
Are the "Great Supper of God" and the "Wedding Supper of the Lamb" the same event?
Defense of ancient Enoch authorship
According to LDS, what principles of the gospel were corrupted in the Great Apostasy
Why was God not angry with Solomon's Census
What was St. Thomas Aquinas's view on the difference between punishment accorded to original sin and punishment accorded to individual sin?
Why was no one able to recognize Jesus as Messiah using prophesy, yet we believe end times prophesy will be easier to clarify?
Why don't Protestants engage in monasticism?
Prior to the burning bush event - what was Moses's knowledge of God?
Is there a Christian counterpart to practical kabbalah?
Would Christianity (in general) agree with "That which is necessary is moral"?
Does the Catholic Church believe prostitution should be legalized?
How can one "buy" oil and "buy" gold, garments, and eye salve if these things can only attained by grace?
What arguments were made against William Carey's missions efforts?
What are the 19 gifts of the Spirit, as listed by Leslie Flynn?
What is the Biblical basis for favoring the Majority Text?
What proportion of Christians worldwide identify as Christian for social/cultural reasons rather than religious conviction?
Catholic Church's History Reflects The life of Christ?
According to the penal substitutionary atonement view, why was Jesus' punishment not eternal?
What does "to appeal from the Hell" mean?
What is truly meant when it is said that Holy Scripture is 'inerrant' according to the Catholic Church?
What is the Catholic explanation for temptation?
Did Jesus perform a single miracle before his fast and temptation?
If God cannot tempt anyone, what is the meaning of the following scriptures?
What is the significance of what Jesus ate after his resurrection?
What is the origin of the tradition that Thaddeus founded the Armenian Church?
Differences between the "son of man" and "son of God"
If someone claims himself to be Jesus Christ does The Bible tell me to immediately disbelieve him?
Is the Wesleyan Quadrilateral present in Luther or in any other pre-Wesley theologians, Protestant or Catholic?
What is the basis for the Swedenborgian view that the most common concept of God in Christianity (the Trinity) is a belief in three gods?
Why has a Brazilian church built a replica of Solomon's Temple?
What is the Catholic view on EFT?
Have any Christian thinkers expressed the idea that the trinity can be proven independently from Scripture?
Has there been a paradigm shift in the `image' of devil?
According to Catholicism, why do we worship Christ?
Are there any ecumenical movements among lay people working to unite Roman Catholics and Orthodox Christians?
According to Roman Catholicism, what is the soul and its purpose?
According to Charismatic Christians, do those who never hear the gospel of Christ go to hell?
How widespread is panentheism within Protestant schools of thought?
What is "manna" in the Old Testament?
Why do Protestants accept the inerrancy of the canon, while rejecting other decisions of the Roman Church?
What do Christians against state recognition of same-sex marriage think of the fourteenth amendment in US law?
What does the "reformed and recovered Christian fundamentalist" mean?
According to Calvinists, how could Adam and Eve fall? How could Satan fall?
What name was Yeshua baptized in?
Why were early Mormon leaders so critical of traditional Christianity?
Are the word of faith/prosperity doctrines biblical?
Confusion regarding the son of God
What is "jubilee(s)"?
According to traditional Catholicism, what is the spiritual solution for the divorcee who hasn't had their marriage annulled?
What are the biblical justifications for racial segregation?
What does "bowels of mercies" mean?
Explain the last sentence in Matthew 6:34
Is Luther really the originator of "We are saved by faith alone, but the faith that saves is never alone"?
How is "every man be fully persuaded in his own mind" not contradictory to the "narrow is the way leading to life"?
What prominent Christian thinkers (if any) held to polygenism and if so how did these thinkers view original sin?
Do any theologians argue that in the Fall, Adam sacrificed himself out of love for Eve?
How is "abstain from things strangled" not contradictory to "Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man"?
What do non-trinitarians mean when they call Jesus the "Son of God"?
Did Samuel act as a priest on top of being a prophet?
Why is there a need for a perfect sacrifice? Why does Jesus have to be perfect?
Why do Christians in India eat meat in church?
What is an overview of Christian viewpoints on the accuracy and truthfulness of the Bible?
Why do Anglicans kneel when Catholics would stand?
Was Satan created to accuse, or has he assumed that role in rebellion?
According to Catholicism, did God create humans to directly perform His Will in the physical world?
In the NPP, if Paul's "works of the law" are only circumcision and diet, how is Galatians 3:10 interpreted?
Is Israel still God's Chosen Nation according to Catholic doctrine?
Have any popes explicitly expressed disapproval of the inclusion of homosexual priests, including the nonpracticing, into the priesthood?
How does the Swedenborgian Church explain passages where Jesus talks/prays to the Father?
How do those who believe in a pre-tribulation rapture explain that not everyone who remains will believe?
What level of will-power do humans have according to Luther?
Did any of the Catholic or Protestant paramilitary groups of the Northern Ireland conflicts of the 60s and 70s ever have an actual theological creed?
How do opponents of Penal Substitution explain God's declaration that He "will not leave the guilty unpunished"?
Do proponents of Federal Vision believe that there is no hope of salvation without baptism?
What is the biblical basis that we no longer need to confess and repent?
What was John Wesley's view of the Lord's Supper?
What is the biblical basis for dual-covenant theology?
How does dominion theology affect eschatological views?
What's the biblical basis for Dominionism?
What is the Universal Church of the Kingdom of God?
Do any trinitarian Protestant traditions teach that anyone who denies the Trinity is necessarily unsaved?
What is the meaning of "baptism by fire"?
Are there any major Protestant denominations that have rejected salvation by faith alone?
Where does the idea come from that the KJV is the proper bible to be used?
When did the early church begin reciting the Lord's Prayer in corporate worship?
Who is the "advocate" in John 16?
Did Jesus have suicidal thoughts?
Reconciling Peter in Acts with Deuteronomy/Psalms on the burden of the Law?
How do local flood proponents explain God's promises to never do it again?
The names of our god and meanings
Did Augustine believe in Purgatory?
Wilhelm Gesenius' vowel pointing of the tetragrammaton YHWH
What is an overview of interpretations of "all Israel will be saved" in Romans 11:26? (Catholic/Protestant overview)
What is Thomas Aquinas' perspective on salvation for baptized heretics who believe in the Trinity?
What is meant by the "fullness of the Gentiles" or the "times of the Gentiles"?
Why was Jesus afraid/agonizing in the Garden of Gethsemane if the Spirit of God isn't one of fear but of power?
When and why did Protestantism begin moving away from liturgy?
Jesus called God his own Father, and this is supposed to mean that Jesus is equal with God. Why?
What is the means of forgiveness in Purgatory?
In what way was Isaac's blessing on Jacob manifested?
Does Young Earth Creationism teach that Adam and Eve only had a concept of morality after the fall?
From whom or what Jesus was hiding (afraid of) in the given cases during his ministry?
How do the Orthodox and Catholics understand the spiration of the Holy Spirit?
What explanations have scholars proposed for the rejection of the Didache from the Canon?
What evil things did Alexander the copper-smith do to Paul in 2 Tim. 4:14 that led to Paul saying God will recompense him?
What is the Protestant argument against Immaculate Conception?
What do you call the adherents of Covenant Theology (CT) and New Covenant Theology (NCT)?
Why does the KJV capitilise 'Devil' in Revelation but not in Luke?
What is an overview of Protestant critiques of Swedenborgianism?
What explanations have been offered for the "messianic secret" passages?
What does Christian Science teach about mental illnesses?
If a husband wants to recommit to Catholicism but his wife does not want to convert, will they be considered to be adulterers?
In Galatians 4:19, what is the meaning of "Christ formed in you"?
What is the Biblical basis for man being created perfect, or for man not being created perfect?
According to the Catholic Church, is practicing spiritism moral?
What evidence is there that the Jews thought leprosy was due to sin?
To "once saved always saved" advocates, what does it mean that church leaders "keep watch over our souls"?
Is God ever said to be a "soul" in the Scriptures?
What happens to the Vicar of Christ when Christ returns?
What reason did a group of Christians have that the world would end on Oct 7, 2015?
Is the Christian concept of "redemption" meaningless apart from God?
Will World end on Oct 7,2015?
How do Catholics explain 1 Corinthians 11:21 in light of Transubstantiation?
What information do we have on the real vision of Pope Leo XIII?
Did John Calvin ever read Thomas Aquinas's Summa Theologica?
Is Jesus depicted as dead or alive on a crucifix?
What is the Catholic interpretation of Soteriology in the Bread of Life Discourse in John chapter 6?
Were any prophets sent to the Canaanites before Jewish immigration?
According to Catholic teaching, what constitutes a prophecy to be Messianic?
In the Latin Catholic Church, would clerics administer the last rites if the sick person's illness is contagious and deadly?
Did Jesus lie about going to a feast?
How was Jesus the Seed of David if Jesus is God who created Man (Adam), and David is the seed of Adam?
Does the Catholic Church still stand behind Deuteronomy 22:28-29?
Do both Godparents/Sponsors have to fulfill all the requirements?
Why doesn't the Roman Catholic church defrock Richard Rohr?
Parable of weeds - where did the enemy get seeds from?
Did Jerome’s doctrine of Mariology affect his translation?
What impact did Karl Barth have on Roman Catholic theology?
How did the Roman Punishment "cross" became a holy symbol to Christians?
How have commentators historically viewed the death of the fetus in Exodus 21?
What Christian denominations accept the idea of a pre-Genesis creation?
What are the names of two thieves who were crucified along with Jesus?
According to Catholic teaching, was Joseph and Mary's marriage a true marriage?
What evidence is there for the Resurrection of Jesus?
According to Catholic tradition, why doesn't God the Father punish ISIS?
What is the purpose of asceticism?
Why did this Early Version of the Watchtower Magazine include Crosses, and what do these other Symbols on the Magazine Represent?
Why did David wish to send Uriah back home?
Can a Catholic priest take Anglican services?
What is the Biblical basis for the belief that there are humans in heaven now?
How do Jehovah's Witnesses explain Thomas's exclamation, "My Lord and my God"?
Why is archangel Michael portrayed with a sword in art?
Among modern critics who believe in the attributed authorship of the Gospels, what are their arguments?
What is the relationship between commandments and salvation in Roman Catholicism?
Consulting of fortune tellers, palmists and astrologers
Is there evidence that Isaiah 53 was viewed as a Messianic prophecy within Judaism, or is it an exclusively Christian interpretation?
What is the Biblical basis for believing that it is sinful to commit illegal actions?
What was the Biblical Basis Tertullian used to support what he termed the "refrigerium interim"?
What is the evidence that the New Testament authors believed, or did not believe, that they were writing an inspired record?
Which Ante-Nicene Church Fathers believed that Jesus is the "eternal Son" of the Father?
Do Orthodox believe the eternal fire is related to the uncreated light?
According to the Church of England, if humans have free will, why do we ask for things in prayer?
Who first distinguished between the inerrancy of the Bible and the inerrancy of the original autographs?
According to the Catholic Church, when Jesus speaks, is he is speaking as a Man or God or both?
Is there a way to know for sure that a given practice is true Catholic Tradition?
What is the biblical basis for the concept of "partial" or "imperfect" communion?
Did Matthew, Mark, Luke, or John write anything other than the Gospels?
According to Catholicism, why did Jesus not name the rich man in the story of Lazarus and the rich man?
Why did God have to rest?
Does any church believe in Sola Scriptura, but without allowing private interpretation?
In 1 Corinthians 8:5, what do the "many gods and many lords" refer to?
Besides Paul, were there any other enemies of the early church who converted to Christianity?
Does water baptism or a subconscious intention to be baptized with water by a human being necessarily and logically follows one's spiritual salvation?
Does Catholicism Have Anything to Say About 'Physical Evil'?
Has the Catholic Church ever opposed interracial marriage?
In Catholicism, is skipping weekly Mass a mortal sin?
Is the Holy Spirit the 'Seven Spirits' in Revelation 1:4?
Why do Covenant theologians use the word "dispensation," and what do they mean by it?
What is the role of the Three Persons of the Godhead in creation?
How did Zipporah know that God was going to kill Moses?
Are there any parallel Russian / Slavonic – English prayer books for Orthodox Christians?
The Trinity as one being of one substance
Relative popularity of premillenialism, postmillennialism and amillennialism in North America (excluding Catholics and Orthodox)?
Are there any followers of Catharism today?
Why was the first man called Adam?
Have any critiques of Lindbeck's principles been offered by academics?
Is a marriage between a transman and transwoman in accordance with Roman Catholic canon law?
Why did the medieval church become involved with marriage?
God's sovereignty and man's predicament in light of evil forces
Did the Saints commit mortal sin sometimes?
What view of eschatology did the early church believe?
Why did human lifespans drop after the Flood?
Where is the jug of oil that never ran dry?
According to Reformed Baptist theology when did the Church begin?
How do creationists explain some recent hominid discoveries
What soteriological doctrines are most prevalent within Protestantism throughout the world?
Did Roman Catholic Church law ever condone (the contemporary practice of) incest?
According to Catholicism is feeling nostalgic a sin?
What is the historical cause between the discrepancy of evangelical approaches to original sin and Jewish ones?
Why is Ephesians after Galatians?
Is anyone familiar with this strange logo resmbling 'nfw'?
How does one reconcile the sinlessness of Mary with her sin offering in Luke 2:24?
Can priests (or popes) administer sacraments in a liturgy other than their own?
How do those who believe man is tripartite respond to Gen. 2:7, "the man became a living soul"?
What did Jesus mean by "whoever believes in me will do greater works than I do"?
Is God cruel if he allows Satan to hurt us?
What is the Biblical basis for mankind being morally required to treat animals well?
Does the Catholic church have an officially-sanctioned, organized form of spirituality analogous to Orthodox hesychasm?
Catholic and other faith intermarriage
Do any Christian traditions permit suicide to avoid being dishonored (raped)?
Dispensation vs Dispensationalism?
a/pre/post Millennialism summarised with bible verses?
If God is a Trinity, are Father and Son manifestations of Divinity without being spirits?
What books did Calvin consider canonical?
What is the Biblical basis for it being wrong for couples to live together *chastely* before marriage?
Why does the Roman Catholic church allow girls to serve the altar?
Acts 6:8 - Stephen is described as "full of grace" (πλήρης χάριτος)
How could a just God design vessels whose only purpose is damnation, as predestination seems to teach?
If I seek God, does that mean that I MUST be elect, according to Calvinism?
Was Jesus having the beatific vision when He said: "My God, My God, why have you forsaken Me?"
Who is the John Owen that translated Calvin's Commentary on Romans?
Where does the Scripture say that you need to be in the state of Divine Grace in order to go to Heaven?
According to Catholicism, does the last judgement include a last chance to reconcile?
Do Jehovah's Witnesses recognize marriages performed by non-denominational ministers?
According to biblical inerrantists, are the apostles' recorded speeches in the book of Acts inerrant?
What is the biblical basis for the belief that the Lord Jesus Christ does NOT presently possess blood in his incorruptible body?
What is the biblical basis for the belief that the Lord Jesus Christ DOES have blood in his incorruptible body?
John 1:18 - "No one has ever seen God" - How do Trinitarians reconcile this scripture with the belief that the Lord Jesus Christ is God?
What is the Catholic teaching on oral sex and impotence?
According to Roman Catholicism, is it a sin to vote for pro-choice politicians?
Where does C. S. Lewis teach that a virtuous attitude can be developed by acting virtuously?
What were the advantages of a monarchy system that Israel wanted?
What is the Christian symbol of the unicorn, and what does it suggest?
Was the doctrine of the rapture rediscovered by the Plymouth Brethern?
Was There a '7' Associated With the New Covenant?
Who exactly is resurrected and reigns in the millennial city in premillennialisim?
In John 17:19, what is Jesus referring to specifically regarding His sanctification, and how does this then apply to us being sanctified?
What is the Biblical argument used by Evangelical Christians against the Catholic doctrine of the invocation of the saints?
How do evangelical universalists reconcile their position with the designation for Judas that it would be better if he had never been born?
According to Jehovah’s Witnesses how many people will live on the earth?
When was the acronym ACTS first used to refer to components of prayer?
What does 'ages of ages' mean, specifically?
Does the Bible tell us who should be interpreting its message?
How did Stephen know that Abraham bought a tomb in Shechem?
What is the origin of the idea that the baby Jesus did not cry?
What's "reciprocal subsidiarity"?
What were the major disagreements between Erasmus and Luther during the Protestant Reformation?
Were any popes or patriarchs converts to Christianity?
In light of Catholic Teaching, what is the Catholic explanation of "But who can discern his errors? Clear thou me from hidden faults." [Ps 19:12]
In the Angelus, which is theologically correct, "conceived of" or "conceived by"?
What writings are held as "biblical canon" by Swedenborgians?
How can we be with Christ when we die, if Christ has a glorified body and we won't until the resurrection?
Caesar Augustus' census in Luke 2 - is it a-historical? Fabricated story?
Have any Orthodox clergy expressed a belief in an impending doomsday/judgment?
Purgatory - is it a place or state?
Is there acceptable pride based on Galatians 6:4 and if so how is it different than regular pride?
Did Martin Luther accept or reject the existence of Purgatory?
According to Roman Catholicism, are humans the only beings that can be tempted?
What is the origin of the story of the Apostle John surviving being dipped in boiling oil?
Is interpreting Noah's flood as a civilization-wide event compatible with Roman Catholicism?
Does St. Gertrude's prayer have any (semi-)official standing in the Catholic Church?
Are there any written or oral OT guidelines on who the 'poor' are?
Who, exactly, are James son of Alphaeus and Judas the Son [Brother] of James?
What is the relationship between YEC and rapture theology?
What is the evidence that Thomas Aquinas was assassinated?
Which Catholic theologians say that Purgatory is a "fiery moment"?
Is there a New Testament parallel to cities of refuge?
Communion of saints - Is there a Greek equivalent of "ecclesia penitens"?
How far advanced was the Virgin Mary's Pregancy when she returned to Nazareth?
What is the LDS church's stance on the curse of Cain?
Can prayer change God's mind?
Do the Roman catacombs confirm the early Church believed in the doctrine of the communion of saints?
How did the Church fathers of the first four centuries understand 2 Corinthians 5:21?
How does sola fide doctrine reconcile with how much David talks about his own righteousness?
If Jesus is God the Father, did God the father die on the cross when Jesus died?
What arguments have been offered as to how Christianity is incompatible with a system of forced collectivism?
Is there a theological distinction between being a "sinner" and being"wicked?"
What does Colossians 2:11 mean in light of Evangelical Protestant Soteriology?
Are Russian Orthodox Christians considered heretics by Roman Catholicism?
What is the basis for arguing that Paul should have been selected as the 12th apostle instead of Matthias?
What is the origin of the belief that Satan tortures the unsaved in Hell?
Do Evangelical Christians interpret James 1:2 and Romans 5:3 to mean that we should enjoy our problems?
What is the difference between the Jewish celebration of Passover and the Christian celebration of Easter?
What is the Catholic concept of "freedom to sin"?
Do any Christian traditions assert that there can be more than one "messiah"?
Why Jeremiah 10:5 was changed from palm trees to scarecrows
Is there any Christian theological model for a non-literal ark?
What does the moniker "the beloved disciple" imply about the marital status of John the Evangelist?
What is the biblical basis for the immortality of the soul?
Looking for a passage in the Old Testament
Significance of different colored vestments worn by Catholic clergy
What evidence is there that the genealogies in the early part of Genesis refer to tribes instead of individuals?
What did the early church believe about the "rapture"?
What is the purpose of the Tree of Life according to YEC?
What is on the cover of this printing of Ladder of Divine Ascent?
Are there any historical examples of Binitarianism?
Gregory of Nazianzus - First Oration - Translation of καὶ ἡ ἀρχὴ δεξιὰ
Is there any branch of the Protestant Church that can receive Communion at Mass?
Do JWs believe the water canopy theory and do they think it will be restored?
Is there any theological reason that Eastern Orthodox clergy tend to maintain long beards?
How do those who believe or ascribe to Hypostatic Union interpret Philippians 2:7?
How do Catholics explain that the fighting leaders of the Hebrews were old men?
In Calvinism, is there any correlation with the elect and the "blessed" in the Beatitudes of Matthew 5?
Have any noteworthy church councils denounced Full Preterism as heresy?
What is the biblical basis for the personhood of the Holy Spirit?
According to Catholic doctrine, do our fallen, finite nature and our relationship with God set us up for abusive relationships in this life?
Did Angels sent to earth before Jesus have literal human bodies?
Have any ante-Nicene writings been discovered in the past 20 years?
How would Catholics respond to the theory that Mary was a surrogate mother that had no DNA in common with Jesus?
How do different Protestant denominations view the relationship between Israel and the Church?
What are the different views of Evangelical denominations about when Jesus became the High Priest?
What is the biblical basis for the replacement of God's law by the new covenant in Christ?
How do Catholics explain Mary making sin offering 40 days after Jesus' birth?"
How do Eastern Christians explain Jesus "sending" the Holy Spirit in John 15:26?
Lending with Interest in Christianity
Is it justifiable to kill an innocent person with the following conditions?
Did Paul/Saul teach Christianity with Jewish traditions to Gentiles like what we see in Messianic Judaism today?
Does the Bible allow second cousins to marry?
In Catholicism, what is the proper order of the sacraments of initiation and what are the summary arguments in support of this order?
In John 4:1-3, in whose name were Jesus' disciples' baptizing?
How does one "leave his wife" for the Kingdom of God?
What is the framework and concise definition of the New Perspective on Paul?
Is the Catholic canonized Bible closed?
How do Roman Catholics reconcile the apocalyptic sayings of Jesus with his not having returned?
What was the earliest Papal condemnation of slavery?
How do Jehovah's Witnesses interpret Jesus' words in Matthew 24:1–34, about the generation that would not pass away before great tribulation?
Did Luther say he "might well have entrusted the whole affair of this [Eucharist] controversy to [Calvin] from the beginning"?
How do sola fide adherents explain The Parable of the Ten Virgins?
Are there any Reformed theologians who support the practice of mindfulness (inner body awareness)?
In the tradition of Jehovah's Witnesses, does Romans 6:23 mean that all people who are resurrected have their sins blotted out?
Baby Jesus couldn't exist in "Total Depravity" because he was God?
Where in the Pentateuch does it indicate that it's better to sin against God than against your spiritual director?
When and by whom was the Exsultet written?
Did common folk have the opportunity to read or hear psalms in common language starting in 1000 in Europe or in Africa?
Did the early Church fathers see a distinction between Matthias' and Paul's apostleship appointment, considering Paul's peculiar verbiage choice?
In Catholic evening prayer, why do some days have Psalm prayers, other days do not?
Do all Orthodox saints have their own akathist?
Has a Pope ever encouraged separated or civilly-divorced spouses to strive toward reunion?
Why would witnesses of the crucifixion think Jesus was calling for Elijah?
Do Catholics subscribe to the "once saved, always saved" doctrine that many evangelical Christians believe in?
Why are Catholics singled out from "Christians"?
Has there ever been an exorcism conducted by the Mormon Church?
How did the church calculate Sunday as the day of the resurrection?
If Mark's gospel presents Jesus as servant, why does John say he's unworthy to loose his shoes?
According to the Catholic Church, what was the point of all the plagues?
What did Jesus do regarding the Jews believing that some diseases were sometimes due to sin?
Do people who adhere to the immaculate conception of Mary believe that Mary and Jesus were both conceived in the same fashion?
"Jesus Christ, son of God" or "Jesus Christ is God"?
What has the Holy Spirit taught people after Jesus left?
Is the Catholic Church the oldest church?
Marriage and annulments
What is the difference between "ransom theory" and "penal substitution"?
How do Southern Baptists who believe in the immortality of the soul explain what death means in scripture
What is the basis for the belief that Christianity and Islam worship different gods?
In Luke 1:67, was Zechariah filled with the Holy Ghost as the Apostles were in the book of Acts?
What was earlier the Earth or the Solar System?
How are John 18:36 and Matthew 13:41 reconciled according to Protestants?
According to Evangelical Presbyterians, do ghosts exist?
What are the differences in belief regarding Hesychasm between the Chalcedonian (Eastern) and Non-Chalcedonian (Oriental) Orthodox Churches?
How do credo-baptists explain baptism in the Nicene Creed?
According to the Eastern Orthodox, in what sense did the Theotokos (Virgin Mary) give birth to Christ's divinity?
Who is permitted to write a canon or an akathist hymn to a Saint in the Eastern Orthodox Church, and how is it done?
Eastern Orthodoxy - When a liturgical hymn to a Saint is composed (such as a Troparion), how is the mode/tone for the hymn chosen?
Eastern Orthodoxy: what is the difference in character between each of the 8 modes?
Byzantine Chant vs. Gregorian Chant: What are the differences in goals as far as attitude and concepts between these two chanting styles
Eastern Orthodoxy: What is the 'nous' and how is it distinguished from your mind and the rest of your spirit?
How do the early church fathers expound upon the "exaltation of Christ" (Philippians 2:9-11) in light of the immutability of Jesus Christ?
Why do some Christians use a period instead of a colon in verse references?
What did St. John Chrysostom mean by saying there is no difference between what is demanded from the monastics and the laity?
How do the Eastern Orthodox interpret this verse from Psalm 69:3?
According to Catholicism, does the Eucharist have all the same physical and chemical properties, and physiological effects, as bread and wine?
How do "once saved, always saved" advocates explain the Parable of the Sower?
Can a Mormon reach salvation if they do not pay tithes?
What is the test that determines doctrine from discipline?
What is the Catholic view of what it meant for Jesus to be "called" Immanuel?
Why do Catholics teach that Catholics go to hell if they die in a state of mortal sin, but teach some Protestants may go to Purgatory/Heaven?
Are there reliable statistics about divorce rates in Christian churches?
Did Jesus change his mind in John 7?
What are the differences/distinctive between the Anglican and Episcopal churches?
Immortal soul concept: why does Bible say Jesus was resurrected after 3 days, as he should never have been really dead?
Does Bible say anywhere that if a woman was raped, she needs to marry the one who raped her?
What, if any, were the Catholic orders that opposed the Catholic Inquisition?
Did Origen support the idealist view of Christian eschatology?
Will family members get to visit each other if separated into different kingdoms in heaven?
Who was Darius the Mede?
is there a magnitude to sin?
Was the dogma of the Immaculate Conception formulated in response to someone challenging Mary's ability to bear a perfect Son?
Why did Clement and Eusebius believe that Paul was married?
What percentage of Christendom takes early Genesis in a literal sense?
Is there a tradition of breaking pottery in the Paschal Liturgies of the Eastern Churches?
How do evangelicals interpret 1 Corinthians 10:16?
Is there a concept of Ministerial Priesthood existing in Protestantism?
According to Roman Catholicism, in what way do wives need to submit to their husbands?
Did St. Francis pray the Rosary?
How do Roman Catholics interpret Luke 4:13, regarding the devil leaving Jesus "until an opportune time"?
What in Deuteronomy implies that God gave those laws through Moses and not directly?
When does a tradition become a Tradition?
Do Orthodox Christians believe that God wants a personal relationship with the individual?
According to Catholics were Adam and Eve aware that they possessed immortal souls before Satan told Eve that she would not die?
I am a free will baptist ordained minister, and I want to join a baptist church, do I need to be ordained again?
Was it necessary for Jesus to be identified by a disciple of His?
What is the biblical basis for those in heaven being able to pray for the living?
How do Catholics reconcile the Immaculate Conception with Romans 3:23?
According to dispensationalists, does the "secret rapture" include a bodily resurrection and new earth?
Immortal soul concept: afterlife and the sentence spoken to Adam (Catholic perspective)
Is Christmas not a christian festival
According to Catholic Tradition, what is Jesus doing right now?
What is the consequence of being baptized twice, according to the Catholic Church?
If a Pope does something wrong, or less than ideal, who is he representing?
How can the "Son of Man" passages of Matthew 24 be interpreted as a fulfilled prophecy?
Why did John the Baptist preach repentance through water baptism and specifically how is that different than repentance through ashes and sackcloth?
Which, in Catholic belief, is the higher form of prayer - the Lord's Prayer/Our Father, or the Eucharist?
Mark 6:48 - Why was Jesus about to walk on water past the disciples?
If "Old Law is done away with",then what about bestiality and incest?
Where does Calmet write when idolatry began?
John 1:47-49 understanding Nathaniel
If Adam is an allegorical character, which Bible character in messianic genealogy is the first real human?
How do Trinitarians interpret John 3:35?
Why did Justin Martyr speak so harshly about Christians who ate meat sacrificed to idols?
According to Christians that believe in Evolution, when did people start getting Souls?
Is Xmas a secular name for Christmas?
Can an act of martydom include the taking of another's life?
How do Catholic apologists explain the cross to a Muslim?
Is Romans 1:26 a condemnation of homosexuals or the sin of lust?
Do any Christian groups believe that Joseph built the pyramids to store grain in?
Why was St. Joseph given instructions in dreams? (Roman Catholic perspective)
Is it likely that Christianity was born from Judaism?
Are supporters of gay rights considered apostates within the LDS Church?
Famous theologians or saints who held that there were no valid Popes during the Great Western Schism?
What is the origin of the tradition that priests had a rope tired around them when they went into the Holy of Holies?
Do any Protestant denominations recognize Latter Day Saints as Christians?
Does Catholicism teach that Jesus was a theistic evolutionist?
How do dispensationalists understand the "antichrists" and "last hour" in 1 John 2:18?
Looking for a good overview of atonement theory (book or other resource)
Do Matthew and John have a discrepancy with regards to Jesus before Pilate?
When did Judas Iscariot kill himself?
What does Christianity say about the phoenix?
Did the coins at the time of Jesus have distinct images and inscriptions?
Who were the "scribes" whom Jesus often disputes against in the canonical gospels?
Which theory of the atonement did C. S. Lewis hold?
Does the Catholic Church consider the 40 year trek in the wilderness an allegory?
Are there any Trinitarian Protestant denominations that deny the doctrine of the eternal generation of the Son from the Father?
What is the difference between the names of "Jehovah God" and "The Lord"?
What did Jesus mean by saying "the works of God might be displayed" in the man born blind?
What does the Catholic Church think about God being defined as "that than which nothing greater can be conceived"?
Would the Catholic Church have problems with gays or lesbians getting married under state law but not having sex?
Are there any conditions at all that allow a married Catholic couple to use contraceptives?
Is masturbation worse than smoking (for the Catholic Church)?
Does the Catholic Church consider it sinful for couples who aren't able to conceive to have sex?
Does CCC 2291 imply smoking is sinful?
Does the very meaning of the word Catholic indicate how the church came about?
What are the biblical arguments against soul sleep?
According to the wider hope/inclusive framework, why does the church still exist?
Do most Advent Christians hold to eternal security?
Is there an example in the Bible of a human ever praying [a prayer] to someone other than one assumed to be God/god?
According to Catholic Tradition, can God the Father and Jesus disagree?
How do Catholics view physical and digital copies of the Bible?
Why didn't the universe fall apart when Jesus died?
According to the Catholic Church, why did Jesus co-relate end of the world and passing of the generation of His time?
How do Catholics explain the stance of Pope Paul VI on contraception?
Since YHWH and the Bible acknowledge other gods, does that mean that they literally exist?
How do Catholics believe God is eternal if Jesus died on the cross?
Does Roman Catholic doctrine recognize a moral distinction or difference between abortion and birth control?
According to Catholic doctrine, why did Jesus Christ have to die to save mankind if only the physical body is involved in death?
Does the Catholic Church allow a professor in a Catholic university to support an idea which is seemingly contrary to Catholic teaching?
What's the Biblical basis for "Without God I could do nothing"?
How do Catholics explain Hebrews 13:10 and John 6:54?
What are the Biblical arguments against Transubstantiation?
Did Luther consider Erasmus an unbeliever, and if so, why?
What pronoun do Catholics typically use to refer to the Eucharist?
How many Catholics are excommunicated in an average year?
Do Protestants accept the similarity between Mary and the Ark of the Covenant?
Why did the unborn child become happy at the voice of Mary's greeting?
Is there any denomination that fully embraces Dispensational Premillennialism?
According to the Orthodox church, what is the purpose of the Bible?
What Biblical scripture is used to support the concept of waiting for God to give direction?
What is the Orthodox canon?
Do Catholics believe that Mary is above all other humans in holiness?
Why did Simon Peter react so violently?
Why did the Roman soldiers compete to possess Jesus' clothes?
Why was the prodigal son spoken harshly of by his elder brother?
What does the Emerging church see itself as emerging from?
Do Mormons respect the EU "Data Protection Directive" of right of access to personal data?
In Mormon theology, why didn't John the Baptist baptize Joseph Smith?
How was 'years' defined in the book of Genesis?
From a Catholic perspective, why does Wisdom merely "infer" the things to come?
Why did the children of Israel run out of food in the wilderness, causing them to complain?
What is the origin of the story that the Apostle John taught only "love one another"?
Alexander Helios disappearance-Scriptural Nephites?
What is an overview of Christian arguments against the "unconscious violinist" analogy used to support abortion in the case of rape?
What is the biblical basis for "March for Jesus" or "Jesus Day"?
When was the number of the beast, 666, first identified as referring to Emperor Nero?
What's the biblical basis for the belief that God truly judges our hearts behind our actions and not the actions themselves?
Have any major Christian intellectuals responded to Stephen Hawking's "The Grand Design"?
Do any groups of Quakers still disapprove of the fine arts?
Why do Syrian Orthodox churches use only paintings and not sculptures, unlike Catholic churches?
What did the early church fathers (pre-5th c.) teach with regards to baptismal regeneration?
Why was God so specific about how to make the Tabernacle?
What arguments are used by Protestants who object to the use of marijuana, even where it is legal?
What did the early church fathers (pre-5th c.) teach with regards to the doctrine of baptism as a necessity for salvation?
Is there any basis in Catholic theology or in the writings of major Catholic theologians for the belief that snakes used to have legs?
Why are church leaders called "Father"?
Does Stained Glass art hold any special meaning for Catholics?
Origin of the story that James had knees as hard as a camel's, because of praying
Is there is any external source about Demas, Paul's fellow worker?
What are the different views on the nature of 'hellfire'?
Where the church should gather?
Why do some Christians object to images of Jesus?
Vatican approved miracles
Are gluten free diets in violation of the word of wisdom?
What is meant by, "mild drinks" in D&C section 89?
Covenants and reformed theology
What is the origin of the interpretation of the Song of Solomon as a picture for Christ and the Church?
What is the basis for believing that the wrath of God is not an accommodation?
Are Catholics allowed to call Mary 'perfect' by virtue of her Immaculate Conception?
Explain similarities and differences in "sinless from the womb " for James, John the Baptist and Mary
What are Christian arguments against the use of anesthesia?
What happens if one wishes to go through the RCIA process but lacks a sponsor?
Which church traditions regard Constantine the Great as a Saint?
What is the basis for arguing that the gospel has already been preached to "all nations"?
How do Bible scholars reconcile the differences between Greek and Aramaic in John 21:15-17?
Where is the verse about people sinning because they know God will forgive them?
What are the main biblical interpretations used to defend the point of view that Nicodemus had inferior faith?
Did Jesus forbid debt collection?
What are the major Christian Festivals
Are Convent Schools only for orphan children?
Are there official guidelines for mortifying the flesh in the various Christian denominations?
Are there any groups of Christians who believe that all loans made with their money should be made without the expectation of repayment?
Is there any Biblical reference strictly speaking about God being timeless?
What did Jesus mean by seventy times seven?
Where did the "theology" behind the Cherry tree carol come from?
How is theistic evolution and the fall of man compatible?
What Conservative Catholic publication am I looking for?
How is the amazement of the Jews explained by those who believe that "Render Unto Caesar" affirmed the paying of taxes?
Is there any Ethiopian ancient source about the eunuch who was evangelized by Philip?
Will we still feel affection towards others when we are in heaven?
Communion of Saints and Our Relationships in Heaven
Spiritual gifts and their exercise within today's Catholic Church
What is the biblical basis for the freedom of religion?
What Biblical evidence is there that the Apostles feared for their lives after Jesus was crucified?
According to Catholicism, does saying "God loves everyone equally" mean that God *likes* everyone equally?
Why must God reach the fullness of Glory (reformed theology)?
From a Jehovah's Witness perspective, why don't we have the option to choose whether or not to come to this world?
According to the Catholic Church, are Jews saved without faith in Jesus?
Are crucifixes used in Protestant churches in Germany?
Phileo/Storge love in God and heaven?
Why is Satan referred to as Beelzebub?
Early church writers opposed to the baptism of infants?
How does Ravi Zacharias reconcile prayer with free will?
When was “pistis christou” first understood as a statement about Christ’s faith?
What doctrinal value does the Catholic Church place on "Cantate Domino"?
Why do some translations render Genesis 3:8 with "the voice of the Lord" while others don't? Is it a reference to Jesus?
What do the woman and the man child from Rev.12 symbolize, for diferent traditions?
The book of Jasher
What is the farthest back an LDS Member has traced his family tree?
Is Calvary Chapel a denomination?
Where was Herod's temple built?
According to reformed theologians, was Barnabas an Apostle?
Does God encourage hurting or killing others in his name in the Bible?
Does the Catholic Church rank the cardinal virtues?
Why is the Bible seemingly silent on the love which the God the Son has for God the Father?
How can one offer Christ's sacrifice to God?
What is the name of a film about three brothers saying the Jesus prayer?
Did St. Paulinus of Nola sell himself into slavery to redeem one slave?
Is Jesus the real name of Jesus or is it some kind of translation?
In the Catholic understanding of the Eucharist, is the body and blood of Christ his living body or his deceased body?
Are the Sorrowful Mysteries recited when Christmas is on a Friday?
From a Reformed perspective, does retroactive prayer makes sense?
Why do some Advent calendars have days in random order?
Perfect life in heaven?
What is the biblical basis for the centrality of preaching in worship?
Sermon on the mount by Jesus Christ
What verse in the Bible talks about bad people preaching the gospel being a good thing?
Violence and Iconography
If faith without deeds, or actions, is dead, then what are these concrete actions?
Dinosaurs offspring of demons?
What's the difference between Actual Grace and Karma?
According to Catholicism what does it mean for every relationship in heaven to be perfect and fulfilling?
What is the Calvinist and Hyper-Calvinist understanding of the "whosoever will" from Rev. 22:17?
What do baptists mean when they refer to an ordained baptist minister?
What basis is there for defining sin as "rebellion"?
Creed, Encyclical, Decretal, Canon, Bull, etc - What's the difference?
When was Satan cast out of heaven according to Catholics?
What's the biblical basis that Joseph adopted Jesus?
What is the earliest historical testimony of the celebration of the nativity of the Lord Jesus Christ?
Can someone explain the argument that Jesus believed in Adam and Eve?
In heaven, will we desire to receive more intimacy, affection, and care from all others compared to our earthy life (catholic)?
What is the relation of Jesus's and Jonah's boat stories?
What is the purpose if the feast of visitation and on what day of the year is it celebrated?
Where did our spirit come from? (Overview)
From a Catholic perspective, why did Jesus address Martha in Luke 10:41 by repeating her name?
Were the 12 apostles all Jewish?
According to Evangelicals, who now has the authority to bind and loose (per Matt. 18:18)?
What caused the shift from "Faith Of Christ" to "Faith In Christ" in modern translations?
According to Catholicism, why was the rabbit declared as unclean for the people of Israel?
Please clarify Phil 2:8-9 with reference to the Trinity
Where can one access Aland's 23rd edition which was used for the first edition of the New American Standard Bible (NASB)?
Epiphanius: where does he describe Indians as the descendants of Abraham and Keturah?
Do any Christian denominations consider it not sinful to commit suicide in order to donate organs? If so, why?
Is this the original Lord's Prayer?
Positional and Relational Forgiveness, what is the Biblical Basis?
Are Iraqi Chaldean (Suraye) related to the Chaldean mentioned in old testament?
From where did Jesus draw the notion of salt losing its saltiness, for his usage "You are the salt of the earth"
Do any denominations read Matthew 24:5 as meaning believers in Christ using his good name to deceive many?
According to Aquinas, does "love" towards something always bring "desire" towards that something?
What defence can be made for Christian anthropocentrism?
What is reason behind Christianity most popular religious as of now?
Generational Curses vs Personal Resposibility
In heaven, will we have desires (Catholic)?
How close is the English word "father" compared to the original word used by Jesus in the Lord's Prayer?
Does Luke 14:26 justify divorce?
How does C. S. Lewis define the "natural" and "supernatural" in his book Miracles?
Aquinas' understanding of love - is it desire?
What's the level of the teaching that we can't be sure someone is in Hell?
How do those who believe in a works or works + faith based salvation interpret Jesus' words to the criminal in Luke 23:43?
According to Molinism, what is the meaning of a counterfactual of freedom?
What is the history of silent prayer?
Who said that the mere sight of devils was one of the greatest torments of hell?
Are there any accounts of the wise men story outside of scripture?
In Catholicism, Eastern Orthodoxy, and Lutheranism, what are the main explanations on the matter of why Jesus Christ needed to be baptized?
What is the rationale for forbidding priests to marry in traditions where already-married men are allowed to become priests?
What theological differences exist between Baptist and Evangelical Free denominations?
In Catholicism, in what sense is free will restored by baptism?
What are common explanations for the angel being delayed for 21 days in Daniel 10:13?
Does the nature of God's love for us include what we humans would call "constant, strong, and genuine affection"? (Catholic)
Are there any surviving Acta Diurna copies mentioning Jesus' trial or other aspects of his life?
What are the reasons for the Catholic Church's law regarding the Communion fast?
What scriptural arguments are there, if any, that there is hell but it is not eternal?
Why is oil the suitable "matter" for the Sacrament of Confirmation?
How have mainstream Christian denominations interpreted the Acts command to abstain from blood?
In which one of the four Gospels is the Old Testament quoted the most?
Is the Star Wars "Church of the Force" a revival of the Manichaean heresy?
Do any Christian denominations prohibit eating rare meat?
What is the basis for the belief that the name of the Messiah is יָהוּשׁוּעַ (Yahushua)?
How is the matter of why the Son of God needed to be sacrificed explained in the Roman Catholic Church?
What is the Biblical basis for using the names "Yeshua" and "Yehoshua" (Joshua) for Jesus?
What is the Catholic definition of meat for Lenten Fridays?
What denominations consider Apocrypha to be heretical?
Does everything - everything in our heart and every external event- happen according to God's plan? (Catholic)
According to the Catholic Church, what is meant by the prophecy, "A bruised reed he will not break . . ."?
Did Emanuel Swedenborg posit a hard distinction between the head and heart?
What is the biblical basis for the belief that God likes or feels affection toward us?
How does washing your face and anointing your head hide that you are fasting?
Why is Pontius Pilate blamed for killing Jesus in the Apostles' Creed?
If I win the Powerball jackpot will Catholic Church accept a donation?
What is the significance of the Julian calendar for the Orthodox church?
What are the meanings of the abbreviations used in the Hatch/Redpath Concordance to the Septuagint?
What is the biblical basis for believing that Christ is the man upon the throne from Ezekiel 1:26?
What is the biblical basis that Noah died just before the birth of Abraham?
Did Isaiah prophesy the countenance of Jesus who was undergoing Passion?
Is there a customary way to go around rosary beads?
Where can I find the text of the documents produced at the Council of Quiercy (853)?
How do young earth creationists explain the evidence for ice ages?
In Catholicism, what are the arguments for the reasonableness (see body) of an eternal hell?
Is Frisbeetarianism a Christian denomination?
Do any young earth creationists believe that a change to the earth's axis tilt was God's way of shortening human lifespans?
Does the Catholic Church teach that God requires our consent to work miracles on us?
Is a radically sanated marriage a true marriage without subsequent marital intimacy?
Who was the first to reject the historicity of Adam?
What did Jesus mean in Matthew 16:18?
What is (or where can I find) a summary of David J Bartholomew's views on God and Chance?
Was the "Nicene Creed" of AD 381 an update of the Nicene Creed of AD 325?
Does the Catholic Church have any guidelines as to what is the ideal age to start dating?
Does the Catholic Church say which is the correct rendering in english of The Glory Be (The Doxology)?
In Church History, when and how did The Glory Be (The Doxology) originate?
There are some Catholics who disagree that Muslims and Catholics "worship the same God". What are their arguments that Allah is not God?
What is the source of the quote attributed to Origen, that "the soul has neither beginning nor end"?
Are there other sources for the belief in Catholicism that the Apostles composed the articles present in the Apostles' Creed between them?
Are there Catholic guidelines on naming of children?
Is the global Christian population increasing?
In Catholicism, why should Jesus have been murdered on the Cross instead of just dying of old age?
Can Bishops give dispensations from certain marriage vows?
What views are there about the necessity of Jesus' murder?
Why were animals killed in the OT?
What is a Miracle and does it require Faith?
According to the Catholic Church, if the penitent thief had died before Jesus, would he have had to wait for his reward?
How many Christian missionaries are sent by the "global South"?
Is there an explanation in Catholicism as to why it was the Son and not the others of the Blessed Trinity to become man and be crucified for our sake?
Why did the Presbyterian Church of Korea split in 1959?
What is the significance of position of fingers in Jesus' hand as shown in his images?
According to Catholics at what moment did the ransom sacrifice go into effect?
In the Church of England, can one accept communion without being confimed?
Has a Pope ever secretly canonized a saint?
Is it mandatory for a Roman Catholic girl to convert to Syrian Orthodox if the boy is of the Syrian Orthodox church, in the case of marriage?
Who first divided the Bible's books into chapters?
Does the Catholic Church endorse the children of narcissistic parents breaking off contact with them?
Is the doctrine of the Trinity the primary difference between Islam, Christianity, and Judaism?
What is courting according to the Catholic interpretation of the Natural Law?
Why is the day before Ash Wednesday sometimes called Pancake Tuesday?
Have any Protestant leaders in Korea expressly supported the destruction of Buddhist statues?
Why are the Vatican archives kept secret?
Why is our physical world so different from spiritual?
Why Moses is not Sargon I?
Remit of Defender of the Bond in Catholic declaration of nullity investigations
Is it true that there is an inscription that says that Yahweh had a wife?
What is meant by 'genuine affective' considering a homosexual relationship?
How do Oneness Pentecostals (and other modalistic denominations) interpret Revelation 3:21?
In which languages could the Tridentine Mass be said?
What is the origin of the "in sæcula sæculorum" of the «Gloria Patri» being translated as "world without end"?
In Catholic doctrine, is limbo eternal?
Who first said, "We are all born Pelagians?"
Was defining the New Testament originally condemned as heresy?
Did GOD create pathogens after the sin of Adam and Eve?
Did the Apostle Paul actually go to Rome?
What are the current views of the Catholic Church on the right to secession?
Is there a term for a marriage between a Catholic and a Protestant?
Where can I find the original scanned BCP printed in 1662?
How does the Catholic Church interpret "you are gods" in John 10:34?
Were there any female priests in the temple?
What common apologetic arguments support the view that it is more likely that Jesus was resurrected than his body was stolen?
What is the state of Christianity among the Huaorani people today?
What is Church of England's doctrine on unbaptised dead infants and how was it formed?
Is celebrating Christmas required of Catholics?
What is the biblical basis for commemorating the birth of Jesus?
What is the Catholic Church's position on the relationship between science and religion?
Why did Jesus confront the official who had slapped Him in the presence of the High Priest?
Why are there only male popes?
In Catholicism, do the teachers more truly constitute the "church" than the hearers?
Why do some Bible Translations omit John 7:53-8:11?
At what point is a new soul created according to the Catholic Church?
Is there any apocryphal gospel where someone else is crucified?
Where does the concept of "unconditional love toward others" come from?
Why are some words of Jesus in Aramaic transliterated in the Gospels of Mark?
Is there any extra-Biblical 'evidence' of Herod's murder of babies?
According to Roman Catholic Church is it only via Jesus you can come in Heaven?
Who coined the phrase "Bema Seat"?
What happens when one returns to faith?
Why doesn't the Catholic Church give indulgences to everybody, regardless of their works?
What is an overview of the interpretations of Acts 16:31 "Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved, you and your household."?
Why do some Christians oppose Tarot cards?
Why are psalms in the bible printed with funny spacing?
Do the notes in the NABRE accurately reflect the Catholic Church's understanding of biblical inerrancy?
A gull and a crow attacked the peace doves released by the Pope. What is Christian interpretation?
Which bible is the best for the Catholic faith?
Does the Roman Catholic church recognize LDS baptisms?
What is the general Baptist stance on pacifism?
What country has the largest Catholic population without a cardinal?
Is there a list of popes by autonomous particular church?
Were Jews allowed to sacrifice to the LORD at altars other than at the tabernacle and temple?
In Eastern Orthodoxy, how is an icon recognized as inspired?
How has the ontological argument been used to explain the Trinity?
The Jews were so offended after Stephen said that he saw Jesus "standing" at the right hand of God in Acts 7:55 that they stoned him. Why?
Is there a medical dispensation formally allowed from Lenten fasting in Catholicism?
What is the Biblical support for a distinction between veneration and worship?
Wouldn't the "spirit of Jesus" [mentioned in Acts 16:7] challenge the idea of the Trinity?
how are tarot cards,horoscope,and readings aginst God and scripture?
Has there ever existed a Catholic local church feast at Rome in honor of the Domine Quo Vadis?
Using the Hebrew calendar is there a way to determine when the seventy seven's starts and ends?
Is Luke's label for Christianity - "the Way" - used in later Christian writings?
Texts in Eastern services expressing ideas about the role of woman in child development
Did Jesus and the repentant thief reunite in heaven on the very day they died?(Catholic view)
Did John Wesley reject the Athanasian Creed?
What specific good does Catholicism attribute to play and entertainment?
Why doesn't the Pope try asserting doctrines ex cathedra to check if they're true?
Have LDS missionaries stopped preaching door-to-door?
Understanding Jesus counter argument against the Pharisees (Luke 11:19 )
Zealot hypothesis for empty tomb
How was John the Baptist, as a child, protected from Herod's soldiers?
Are Catholic priests not supposed to get paid or have any belongings?
Were the children of an annulled marriage planned by God?
Does Dietrich Bonhoeffer fit the requirements to be declared an official martyr?
In dispensationalism: Was gracious salvation through Christ an alternative plan
In Calvinism, why does free will to accept salvation seem to take away from God's glory?
When omniscient God had a plan for Jesus, why did God think of killing everyone?
According to the Catholic Church, what did Jesus mean by saying that the least in the kingdom of heaven in greater than John the Baptist?
What is the difference between classical and revised dispensationalism?
What is the Biblical basis for moral absolutism?
Trinitarian Christianity and Numbers 23:19 - Was Jesus a man?
Did Pope Francis overstep any official Catholic boundary when he criticized Trump?
Which Catholic writer(s) has compared St Paul's "third heaven" to the third stage of interior prayer?
Do I need to confess the sins I committed before becoming Catholic?
How could David enter the congregation of the Lord when he was descended from Ruth the Moabitess?
Can a Catholic married in a civil ceremony still take communion?
How is sin transfered from one to another?
Was Augustine opposed to the death penalty?
How do Evangelicals understand "holy children" in 1 Cor 7:14, with respect to the salvation of children dying in infancy?
Discrepancy between Yahweh (Christian Bibles) and Eh-yeh (Torah)
Kokabiel's History Forgotten?
How is God the Father and God the Son and God the Holy Spirit the same?
Who wrote the Sub Tuum Praesidium?
Raised Catholic, I was born again at age 19, felt led to be baptized by Immersion. Does this condemn me?
Did the Annunciation and Good Friday coincide?
Who is a Christian according to the Catholic Church?
What is the Amish view on the use of social media?
What was silent about the night in 'Silent Night'?
In Marian Consecration, does invincible ignorance apply to grace as well as sin?
If a Catholic converts to some Protestant religion is he excommunicated or given any official rebuke by the Church?
Did Luther believe in gnomish creatures?
What is the theological background to the belief that taxation is theft?
In the Catholic Church, other than cardinals, are there any other prelates that may don red cassocks?
Meaning of term "satisfactory" in T. S Eliot's Journey of the Magi
What arguments do the Church Fathers make for nocturnal emissions not being a sin?
Why doesn't the Catholic Church ordain women to be deacons?
Book of Mormon writers by verse
Why are the dates for Passover and Easter almost a month apart this year? (2016)
What verses are commonly cited to support that unity, despite differences, is preferable to dividing the Church?
How do Baptists interpret the summoning of Samuel by the medium of Endor?
Is there a name for the low wall that is often in front of a choir?
How long did Jesus know Judas?
How long did the drought that Elijah prayed for really last?
What Bible verses deal with a man stealing bread and having to pay double?
Looking for Nanjing Mandarin Colloquial version (南京官话译本) of the New Testament
What are the main theological differences between Reformed Baptists and other Baptists?
Exorcism and repentance
How does the Catholic Church interpret Galatians 2:7?
What Bible "type" disambiguation?
Lutheranism: "Pastor" or "Priest"?
What is the earliest extrabiblical teaching of baptism using a trinitarian formula?
Was the washing of feet of the disciples by Jesus, part of a Jewish tradition?
What is the Biblical basis for the idea that spiritual gifts are no longer relevant?
What is the 'reward' that Jesus is referring to in Matthew 6:6?
What happened to Nebuchadnezzar's kingdom during his punishment
According to the Catholic Church, could a "Jesus-name" baptism ever be considered a valid baptism?
Tridentine Latin Mass in Hebrew?
Is there any substantive difference between the verbal reference "second Corinthians" and "two Corinthians"?
Can a person be baptized against their will, according to Catholicism?
What does 'do not be overrighteous' mean in Ecclesiastes?
Does Catholicism consider body building to be a sin?
How do I interpret Joshua 10?
What is the basis for "Church Shopping"?
What is the name of the belief that each of us is guilty for the sins of our neighbors?
How does the Roman Catholic Church interpret predestination?
How do Calvinists interpret 1 John 2:2 in light of Limited Atonement?
What does the abbreviation "RNIO" mean in a painting of the Virgin and Child?
How Can God Be A Trinity
Is there any historical evidence for the practice of "foot washing" during the first centuries of Christianity?
Changing determined fate?
What is the significance of the donkey Jesus rode on Palm Sunday?
Are we living with Angels in flesh?
Who adheres to dual-covenant theology?
According to Catholicism, does God create new angels?
How do nontrinitarians view Jesus? (overview)
According to Catholicism what happens to young children who die before being baptized?
Has Revelation 14:9 changed from bibles printed over 40 years ago?
What was Calvin's view of capital punishment?
Punishment for apostasy in Catholicism
What is the meaning of this excerpt from Foundation of the Christian Faith, by Karl Rahner?
What explanation did the Catholic Church give regarding the incorruptible bodies?
Did John Calvin believe there was no salvation outside the visible church?
Which tribe did Paul belong to?
Is there a Christology that states that Jesus inherited divinity?
Are Easter eggs derived from Ishtar Religion?
Second Coming of Jesus Christ on Easter Sunday?
Why didn't Jesus write books of his teachings but charge his apostles to spread the Gospel?
What is the Catholic interpretation of Romans 14:5?
What is an overview of "mysteries" in the Catholic Church?
How do Mormons interpret Phillipians 2:6?
What was God the Father like, when he was a man?
Is Jesus speaking from Himself or is the Holy Spirit speaking through Him?
According to the LDS Doctrine of Exaltation, where did the Father live as a man?
Does the Bible say that the Devil was an archangel?
Why is saying Vespers on Holy Thursday and Good Friday discouraged?
Is it acceptable to repeatedly pray for the same thing?
How the two blind men can follow Jesus in Matthew 9:27 if they are blind?
When were Gentiles under Law?
What is the status of the New Testament in the LDS teachings?
Paying respects during grace, benediction, etc. as a non-Christian?
Is there more than one Joseph in the Bible?
What LDS scriptures support the doctrine that Jesus is Jehovah of the Old Testament?
What significance do the church fathers attribute to Simon of Cyrene carrying the cross of Christ?
Can the human spirit remember anything without a physical body? (LDS perspective)
Why does the bible never specifically condemn premarital sex?
Was the "abomination of desolation" Caligula's proposed statue in the Temple?
How is the Feast of the Shipwreck of St Paul celebrated in the domestic church, that is, within the Catholic family in Malta?
Was there any significance for the make of the tomb which was used to lay the body of Jesus?
Where in Old Testament is said something like we must be cautious reading it because prophets can make mistakes?
Why is so hard to find a print version of ASV bible?
What did St. Thomas Aquinas write about Christ's passion?
What is the scriptural basis for the Holy Spirit speaking to you through other people's words?
Was Jesus in unity with the Holy Spirit?
Why is foot washing so uncommon nowadays
Adam and Eve Clothed in Light Before the Fall - Origin of Teaching?
In Canada, is it true that when Mormons first arrived (1887) they weren't allowed to settle within 50km of Lethbridge?
On what day did Jesus die?
Was Charles Russel, Founder of the Jehovah's Witnesses, a Freemason?
What was done with animals WITH defects?
When was the name "Easter" first used for the celebration of the resurrection of Jesus?
How does King James-only-ism apply to other languages?
Did Jesus really go to "hell"?
Where does the bible reference a pagan sun god that was worshipped by the pagan cultures surrounding Israel?
Prior to Exodus 3:5, was it customary to take off one's shoes on sacred ground?
Does transubstantiation occur when the Eucharist is received by one barred from sacraments?
Is there evidence to suggest that John Wesley targeted the bottom third of society?
Jehovah's Witnesses Memorial of Christ's Death
Who is the king described in 2 Kings 8:1–6?
Baptism in the New Testament
What is the basis for saying that the Antichrist, man of lawlessness, and the beast of Revelation 13 are all the same?
Why do we confess?
What is the Catholic doctrine on how to humble oneself before the Lord?
Did St.Thomas really throw water in the air (in India) and it remained airborne?
What is the case that 1 Corinthians 15:7 refers to James the Just, relative of Jesus, rather than James, one of the Twelve?
What does Pentecostalism consider Prophetic Fine Art to be?
On the which council did Joseph of Arimathea sit?
How was the Catholic Easter calendar established, despite this passage?
What is an overview of Jesus' ministry during Holy Week?
Are Catholics permitted to honour Mary as a priest?
The Apostle Paul and the doctrine of forgiveness?
Do Jehovah's witnesses believe that Jesus appeared in the Old Testament?
What is the Biblical basis for considering Satan the author of evil?
Cities of Refuge - Churches of Refuge
Who wrote the book of Hebrews and is the book complete?
What is the biblical basis for celebrating Easter?
Was each "Book" of the Old Testament on a separate scroll prior to the second century A.D.?
In which writing(s) does Hugo Grotius set forth the "Governmental Theory of the Atonement"?
What is an overview of the differences between Old Testament and New Testament?
What is the significance of the phrase "Sic Transit Gloria Mundi"?
Can a baby be baptized in a Catholic Church if the mother does not have papers proving she was baptized?
Baptism of grandchildren
What arguments do KJV-only proponents give to support that the 1611 translation is better than say, Greek language Bibles?
What are the differences between editions of Ryle's Expository Thoughts?
What is the earliest use of the phrase "God the Son"?
Did Justin Martyr and Marcion of Sinope have any contact with one another?
When did the Church in the West begin communicating in Latin, instead of Greek?
How do Catholics in Japan celebrate the Feast of the Discovery of the Hidden Christians?
What is the source of this numbering anomaly in Ambrose's De Officiis?
According to Unitarians, to whom does the word הָאָדוֹן refer in Mal. 3:1?
How does the LDS church back up the statement "I'm stronger than Satan"?
What is the biblical basis for the belief that destroying a grave or body is an act of desecration?
Why did Paul Thank God he didn't baptize some individuals?
Is there any evidence in the Roman catacombs that the Early Church had a devotion to the Virgin Mary?
Christian Flag symbol
How old was Moses when he parted the Red Sea and how old was he when he wrote the ten commandments
Does the Bible ever mention class systems?
How to go about learning about Christianity for someone from a non-Christian background?
What are the theological reasons some Protestants are Zionists?
Are there any Tridentine Rite Catholic communities that also use the Liturgical Calendar of 1970?
From an LDS perspective, what is an Unclean Spirit?
How did the four living creatures become associated with the Gospel writers?
Which Christian traditions value the Gospels more than the Epistles?
Relationship between Mary/Elizabeth or Jesus/John?
How are eschatological beliefs distinguished in the Evangelical churches?
What arguments are given that Ephesians was not written by Paul?
Where did the account of Veronica originate?
Is God accountable for all things - good AND bad?
According to Catholicism, why are some demons more difficult to cast out than others?
How can 1 Corithians 15:3 and Psalms 49:7 be reconciled?
John Chrysostom, On the Priesthood - Translation of Greek Phrase
Is there a complete list of Catholic Saints somewhere online?
Where did the idea of the inerrancy of the King James Bible come from?
Scripture reference on quoting scripture in a hurtful manner
What is the Catholic Church's stance on baptism after death?
How do Catholics view the role of conscience in determing morals?
As a Christian but not a Catholic, can I confess to a Catholic priest?
Do any Christian groups forbid lending at interest?
What does "Christ was born across the sea" mean in Julia Ward Howe's The Battle Hymn of the Republic?
Works Rightouseness - Is there any Christian Group that focus on this
Were the names Matthew, Mark, Luke and John common in the time of Jesus?
What was the timeline of the reigns of David and Ishbaal?
What does "the old is better" mean in Luke 5:36–39?
Historical evidence for a separate Jewish branch of Christianity?
Origin of quote: "If you wish to speak or hear about God, renounce your own body..."
Does the Catholic Church in Turkey celebrate the Feast of the Chair of St Peter at Antioch?
What is the name of this Christian kids' song and tape?
How are the broken bones in the Shroud of Turin seen to be consistent with the bones of Jesus not being broken?
According to the Catholic Church, did Jesus fulfil the prophesy of Isaiah by being buried in a tomb hewn in rock?
Why is God said to have married a couple?
Do laws and policies restrict religious freedom in Saudi Arabia?
What was the normal way to cross the Jordan River during first century in Israel?
How do the church fathers reconcile the accounts of Jesus calling Peter and Andrew to be apostles?
Did Jesus as told in the New Testament really exist?
How do those who support the perpetual virginity of Mary doctrine harmonize the Protevangelium of James with the Gospel of Matthew?
According to Catholicism, what is the purpose of praying for the dead?
According to Catholicism, does the depositum fidei include the proper interpretation of scriptures about Jesus?
How does Reformed Theology consider passages that may imply that God is the "subject of sufferings"?
How does the Catholic Church justify discouraging romantic freedoms of homosexuals?
Why do Popes have seven candlesticks on the altar at Mass?
When was the first time God promised eternal life in the Bible?
Has the Catholic Church made a list of events in the life of Jesus which took place in fulfillment of prophecies of the Old Testament?
Has the Catholic Church responded to the argument that sex between a married couple can strengthen their emotional bond?
Christianity and Usury from a Historical perspective
According to Catholics, what is the law placed within the Israelite in the New Covenant?
Can a Uniate (Eastern) Catholic priest celebrate the Mass according to the Latin Rite?
Is there a recognised soteriology that combines selective election for some and general election for everyone else?
According to the Catholic Church, does Jesus condemn those who don't believe?
What term is used to mean a prophetic message has a present and future application?
Historically what percentage of the Catholic Church's liturgical function was done in Latin?
Did Tertullian forbid Christians from being school teachers?
What is the biblical basis for the belief that people do not go to heaven or hell immediately when they die?
What is the biblical basis for a continued illness indicating unforgiven sin?
From a Catholic viewpoint, why will there be a particular judgement and a general judgment?
Can more recent revelation from LDS prophets nullify or change official Mormon scripture?
In Jeremiah 12:7, who is the "Beloved of my Heart"?
KJV version confusion
When and why did the modern literal 6-Day creation theory become popular?
Was Paul ever recorded as having done a good deed?
Why is Saint Paul considered gnostic? (by some)
What is the difference between Anglo-Catholicism and Catholicism?
Where does the Bible support the idea of church budgets, for those traditions that think it does?
According to Pentecostal doctrine why is a Catholic Christening not a valid Baptism?
Catholic position about non-truthfully conversion to islam
What is process eschatology?
Is Jesus seen as both the Passover Lamb and Goat(s) of the Atonement in any Protestant Theology?
Why don't most Protestants consider confession to be a sacrament?
Why is wine associated with St John the Apostle?
How Does Catholicism Refute the Reasons Muslims Claim That Jesus Was Not Crucified?
According to Roman Catholic Church, why should we pray to Mary and not just through her to her Son?
What do the Amish believe with respect to Creationism?
What day and year was the first public and general confession held in the Church of England?
Did any of the Apostolic Fathers know Paul?
Was knowledge of the pronunciation of the Tetragrammaton a component of the "deposit of faith" entrusted to the apostles and their successors?
Was Jesus a Hindu saint and belong to the religion of Hinduism?
Confused About - Judism - Christanity - Hebrew Bible - Old Testament - New Testament!
Do any of the Church Fathers draw a connection between Eve and the Holy Spirit?
How do proponents of the perpetual virginity of Mary view Matthew 13:53–57?
What did Christ mean in Matthew 10:34?
Does the divine name YHWH (יַהְוֶה) apply equally to all Persons of the Trinity? (Catholic / Nicene perspective)
Was Arianism spread using musical jingles?
Are all forms of giving equally morally 'good' according to the Catholic church?
How do Lutherans interpret Matthew 15:11?
In heaven, will everyone be equally special to us (Catholic)?
The Blessing of Herbs on the Feast of the Assumption?
Are there any Protestant denominations or churches that reject penal substitution?
Is there a scriptural support for "man are ‘half animal, half angel’"?
What is an overview of resurrection events in the New Testament?
Earliest case of pointing to heaven as consolation and hope to loved ones
How do (non-Catholic) proponents of an intermediate state interpret 2 Corinthians 5:4-9?
By what process did the miraculous conception of Jesus occur?
What is difference between God and Jesus Christ in Mark 10:17-19?
What is the difference between an Apostle and an Evangelist according to Charismatic Christianity?
How can Saint Thomas Christians who are Catholic have confidence that St. Thomas sailed to Muziris?
Looking for a website with the 1984 NIV Bible version
Can I say Jesus' arrival was through conception of the Holy Spirit?
Are Catholic priests allowed by church law to provide professional counseling and referrals to penitents who come to them to confess?
Does current Church doctrine/law allow the veneration of a saint's social media accounts?
Did Pelagius believe in "faith alone"?
Are monks allowed by Church law to set up a religious order for clergymen with a particular profession (ex. developers)?
What is an overview of arguments given by churches that allow women to plait their hair to support that practice? (1 Peter 3:1-6)
Is the receipt of the Sacrament of Confirmation a requirement before receiving the Sacrament of Holy Matrimony?
Is praying Rosary by listening considered by the Catholic Church to be as effective as reciting?
How should/must Catholics handle, transport, and use holy water?
Can all Catholic sacramentals be re-consecrated after being desecrated?
What is the role of the Holy Spirit in Swedenborg's soteriology?
If jealousy is sin, how can God be jealous?
Are Christians still persecuted in Afghanistan?
Are blessed secular objects categorically lower than or different from traditional sacramentals like altars, priest vestments, etc.?
How do indulgences remit temporal punishment?
Who first described Pentecost as a reversal of Babel?
Why doesn't the Orthodox church consider Saint Augustine Doctor and Father?
Why did Jesus wash his disciples' feet?
How were women to serve the church according to the Apostolic Fathers?
How did the Emperor Constantine the Great impact christianity?
Does Pope Francis recommend giving communion under both kinds to the laity?
1 Kings 18 Obadiah and Elijah
Who first came up with the phrase "an over-realized eschatology" and in what context?
In Presbyterianism, what is the basis for a parallel between the office of deacon and Christ's priestly office?
Is there consensus between Christian commentators about how Jesus came to be atop the temple when being tempted by Satan in the wilderness?
Is an adult convert to Catholicism required to accept everything in the Catechism before he/she is baptized?
When did the concept of οὐσία begin to refer to God's nature?
Why did God tell David he could not build the temple
What prompted the second century writers to adopt the concept of οὐσία to refer to God's nature?
How far was Peter from Jesus when he denied him?
Is penal substitutionary atonement most prevalent among Calvinists?
In light of the list found in Isaiah 11:1-3, why are there seven gifts of Holy Spirit and not six?
In Catholic teaching, what specific actual sinful act did Adam and Eve commit, and what level of authority can be applied to this teaching?
How would Biblical Inerrantists resolve perceived tensions between 2 Timothy 3:16 and Hebrews 7:18?
Original Sin as described in The Poem of the Man-God
Perfect relationship between Trinity and other relationships in heaven - Catholic
Why cannot I believe in other religions as a Christian?
In heaven will we love God more than everyone else, or will we love everyone as much as we love God? (Catholic)
What is the Biblical basis for the "penal" in penal substitutionary atonement?
Did any early church fathers, other than Augustine, condemn or write about numerology?
How do opponents of penal substitutionary atonement theory handle Isaiah 53?
According to proponents of penal substitutionary atonement, were the Levitical sacrifices also penal substitutions?
Is there a moral goodness in In vitro fertilization?
What does the Catholic Church think John the Baptist was referring when making the statement on greatness of Jesus?
Can a practicing Catholic be an ordained minister of the Universal Life Church Monastery?
What was the explicit purpose of Jesus' question to James and John?
Why did the Western and Eastern churches react to their respective states so differently?
Did the New Testament writers use a specific word to refer to the personhood of the Trinity?
Why wouldn't a practicing Catholic joke about the Sacraments and what would happen if they did?
Does the Old Testament anywhere imply that the Law of Moses may be abrogated?
If there is No sin in heaven and God is all love then how could the devil ever have sinned
Does the Catholic Church teach that humans are superior to all other creations on Earth?
The order of Communion in Luke 22:17-20 versus Mark 14:22-25 and Matthew 26:26-29
When was the name of Sinai first applied to the Sinai peninsular?
Who told Eve about the fruit?
Did any ancient source believe in more than four gospels?
What do day-age theorists do with "very good" in Genesis 1:31?
Is it necessary to read Aristotle's books in order to understand St. Thomas Aquinas's «Summa Theologica»?
Why does the Salvation Army not administer the sacraments of baptism and the Lord's Supper?
How do trinitarians explain Luke 4:8, if he's a God himself?
What is/are the Hebrew/Aramaic word(s) for "devil" in The Passion of the Christ movie?
200 Denarri sufficient for purchasing Bread?
Would reading "The Street Bible" help me understand the KJV Bible?
What biblical support do Arminians and open theists find for libertarian free will?
How old was Timothy when he became a Christian?
According to Ravi Zacharias's apologetic argument, how could love have existed prior to the fall?
Why is Eben Ezer used as a shop's name in Chile?
Do a significant number of Biblical scholars presently support inerrancy?
What scriptural support do Latter-day Saints find for their moral agency doctrine?
What Bible passages do Jehovah’s Witnesses use to support their view on free will?
What Scripture passages do Latter-day Saints use to refute the Trinity?
According to proponents of penal substitutionary atonement, why do we still die?
Are Catholics expected to bury amputated body parts in a cemetery?
Obtaining Wisdom in the Bible
Do Jehovah's Witnesses maintain 'secret' teachings?
What is the biblical basis for the Athanasian Creed's statement that believing in the Trinity is necessary for salvation?
Does the catechism teach not to kill animals for food?
What Justification can be found in revealing contradictions within the Bible?
LDS teaching about man being able to become God, and the snake telling Eve that she can become "like God"
Help with Verse Identification -- 'Jesus has not yet returned because...'
In LDS church, what is the difference between formal probation, disfellowshipment, and excommunication
Statements about the doctrine or the future made by current LDS Prophet, and the church view on those
LDS expected future relationship with God after exaltation
Why do Catholics consider praying to Buddha to be idolatry and praying to Mary is not?
In 1611, in the KJV, what did the words "ghost" and "spirit" mean?
Is God always near in times of need?
Complete list of versification differences in the Tanakh
What does "he finds his truth" mean in Pope Benedict's Caritas in Veritate?
Why does God promise something that satisfies our greed for longevity?
Catholic priests in China that reject the papal primacy, are their administration of sacraments considered valid?
What is the biblical basis for valuing virginity, but dispensing with levirate marriage?
Could a Christian remain in the sect of the Pharisees?
Acts 17:30 What does "overlooked" mean?
How can Evangelicals link baptism and circumcision without practicing infant baptism?
What do Protestant churches teach about the fate of deceased infants?
Could Satan have created the "World"?
Jesus withdrawing from his disciples to pray
According to the Catholic Church, how did Paul become a saint?
Are Extraordinary Ministers of the Eucharistic allowed to break the host?
Has there been a shift in Christian metaphysics from a unitary cosmos to a binary one?
What arguments from scripture are given by Baptists for the belief that one third of the angels were banished from heaven with Satan?
Are there any commentaries from Trinitarians that explain why the Holy Spirit doesn't have a throne/receive worship in Revelation?
What is the difference between the Ebionites and Nazarenes?
Roughly how many Christian priests, and how many 'rotten apples' are there?
Does Catholicism consider bisexuality and asexuality sinful?
According to the Catholic Church, will people be able to have private conversations with God at any time in Heaven?
Is promotion of contraception a reason to excommunicate?
What is the earliest indication of controversy regarding the anarthrous θεός in John 1:1?
Did John Wycliffe accept extreme unction?
In pre-tribulation pre-millennialism, will those who have died before the millennium return to earth?
Philosophical proofs that God must be triune?
How did the Born Again teaching be associated with one first believing in Jesus Christ?
Are Catholics required to accept every article of Aquinas's «Summa Theologica»?
Why was a sign being sought?
Did a pre-schism Roman Bishop say he is not special?
What is the origin of hands lifting in worship?
Why do Catholic laity cross themselves three times before the Gospel is read?
Was John Smyth, the earliest Baptist, influenced by the Anabaptists?
How were the prophecies of the prophet Isaiah first published or disseminated?
Has T. D. Jakes clarified what he believes about the Trinity?
Reward in Heaven? What is it? (Catholic)
Do Mormons believe that Jesus was not begotten by Holy Spirit but by Adam?
Where does Augustine say that the rapture of the saved soul will "flow over" into the glorified body?
Why is blasphemy against the Son or Father forgiven but blasphemy against the Spirit isn't forgiven?
Has a study been done on the "Power of Prayer"?
Did John Calvin help Nicolas Cop write his infamous inaugural address?
What do Christianity and Judaism have in common?
Are there gender requirements for Sponsors for a Catholic baptism?
What is the biblical basis for the belief that people must have children?
In LDS belief, why are eternal families so important?
Is the type of love shared between all heavenly members an affectionate brotherly love mentioned in the Bible? (Catholic perspective)
Is there a study that has been done showing the transformational power of the Holy Spirit in people's lives?
Blood of the New Covenant offered to whom?
Why did Augustine attempt to stop Christians from walking barefoot?
Do Lutherans believe in a literal interpretation of Genesis?
Can we ask God to bless unsaved people so that they will be more open to the Gospel?
In LDS, how are 'milk' doctrines distinguished from 'meat' doctrines?
Is there a clear verse to stop circumcision for all males?
What is the Catholic view of separation of church and state in terms of war and application of the death penalty?
How does "believe that you have received it" practice in the ​Christian life?
Where does the book of Job come from?
Nature of Agape (Catholic)
How do proponents of the dual nature of man address Hebrews 4:12, "dividing soul and spirit"?
According to Catholicism, what is wrong with Luther's doctrine of ubiquity?
Is there such a thing as a 'concordat' today in the Catholic church?
Reading the genealogy of Adam up to Noah as a sentence in Hebrew
How does the Catholic church prioritize different sources of information in coming to doctrinal/theological conclusions, and how do they justify that?
Jesus concealing his identity
In today's world, what drug use would be deemed pharmakeia, or sorcery, as it is listed in Galatians 5:20?
According to proponents of transubstantiation, in what sense is Jesus present "where two or three are gathered"?
What are the claims of authenticity of these two sites of Jesus' burial, the Garden Tomb and the Church of the Holy Sepulchre?
Was it culturally acceptable for the sinful woman to enter the Pharisee's house to see Jesus?
Do any church fathers directly connect "speaking in tongues" with anything other than existing human languages?
In Catholic understanding when there is more than one Pope, who decides which Pope is real and by what criteria?
When it seems a Pope has heretical beliefs, who determines whether those beliefs are Magisterial?
Was the transition from establishment to voluntary church support made with "little difficulty" in the US?
Has Catholic Church always taught that our corporeal nature necessary for humans to experience affection? (Catholic)
Why did the temple in Ezekiel have stairs leading up to the altar?
Is the book "The Supernatural Occurrences of John Wesley" a legitimate collection of Wesley's journal entries?
How does scripture suggest "How Can I Love God More"?
Does Irenaeus indicate that people were raised from the dead in the 2nd century?
What happened to the sandals of Jesus?
Did Peter fully enter the tomb?
Who named the books of the bible?
Papal Blessing at World Youth Day 2016
According to Protestants, what is the biblical basis of Jesus being "one substance with the father"?
Did John Calvin discourage harmonies in congregational singing?
According to Catholicism, how does God expect us to realize the truth of Christianity?
According to Catholicism, does God want everyone to be Catholic?
Why are verses missing in the Psalms in my Bible?
Ten commands say to kill is wrong so why did God tell the people to kill the man who gathered sticks on the Sabbath?
What are the divisions between Vatican I and Vatican II Catholics?
For those who oppose interfaith worship on Biblical grounds, what Scriptures do they use to show that such worship is unacceptable?
What are the main similarities and differences between the Genesis and other major ancient flood accounts?
Is there a historical reason why the liturgical colour purple eventually replaced black to symbolize penance?
Maintaining the number of Disciples
Why is incorruptibility of saints' relics used as proof of their sanctity?
Can you only have a sacramental marriage?
Did the Quartodecimans perform the eucharist only once a year on Nisan 14?
What is the first recorded observation of Good Friday?
Those who enjoy pain: where do they go [according to Catholicism]
Why does it appear that judeo-christian sects avoid referring to the god they worship by his name?
When was Good Friday first called "Good"?
Considering the Lord's Supper was instituted on the Passover, would the apostles have concluded it was to be an annual celebration like the Passover?
What is the origin of the Christian tradition of praying before eating?
Which specific canons of the Second Council of Constantinople do Lutherans and Calvinists reject?
Why does Catholicism believe in purgatory?
Which, if any, of the seven Church Councils viewed as "Ecumenical" by Eastern Orthodox Christians are rejected by the Roman Catholic Church?
What is the earliest mention of how often the Eucharist was celebrated?
Can obstinacy in sin be forgiven in Catholic teaching?
Are there any Christian sects that say salvation is based, in whole or in part, on your response to Jesus on Judgment Day?
What do Catholics believe about Yom kippur and judgment?
What is the basis for the Catechism saying that one can always be forgiven by perfect contrition come from?
Which are the exact differences between catholics and Christians?
What positions with regard to epistemology exist in Catholicism?
Under what basis does the Catholic Church condemn the use of drugs while permitting alcohol?
How do paedobaptists address the argument that infants are incapable of doing what those of Cornelius' household did?
Was Jesus referring to 1 Kings 19 while delivering His teaching on pursuit of the Kingdom of God? (Roman Catholic perspective)
Jehovah's Witness officiating a non-denomination wedding ceremony
Why isn't the Book of 1 (Ethiopic) Enoch considered cannon for the LDS Church?
What is the basis for forbidding prerecorded music in worship services?
Can non-Catholic Christian souls participate in Intercession?
Where is the italicization in the King James translation of the Bible from and what does it mean?
Can Catholic priests disclose the fact that someone has seen him for confession?
Where did all the worlds population come from?
Did anyone try to convert Catholics on the Isle of Man to Protestantism?
What is the Testament of Hezekiah? I know it exists, but I can't locate it
Why did Jason attack Jerusalem?
Did the Catholics or Orthodox suspend the Lenten fast during times of war?
Why are slaves and slave women mentioned distinctly in the Old Testament?
What does TULIP stand for?
How do those who believe in the immortality of the soul explain Leviticus 21:11?
Are there any modern Nestorian or Jacobite systematic theology textbooks?
According to authoritative Catholic exegetes, does 2 Cor. 6:14 forbid Christians from working with non-Christians in the workplace?
Can I become a messianic Jew
What is the origin of throwing dust over head (as a sign of mourning) in the Bible?
Why do Christians have different books in their Bible?
What is the Biblical Basis for "Schools of Prophecy"?
Was Joseph Smith interested in and familiar with Kabbalah?
Tree of Life in the Book of Mormon a common Near Eastern motif?
Who populates the Millennium as mortals?
In Scripture - Was Prophecy That was Spoken in Good Faith, ever Corrected?
Can LDS women be Sunday School Presidents?
Why doesn't God remit everyone of original sin in Catholicism?
What is considered Gnosticism (within the context of Christianity)?
Why is beating one's breast used to show sadness and guilt?
What does Tertullian mean by the Son being a "portion of the Father's substance"?
Does the Jerusalem Bible teach that Adam had a wife before Eve?
What is the Catholic argument against scripture alone?
How do apologists defend against Bart Ehrman's arguments that Church scribes corrected and changed the Bible to fit their theology?
Does the LDS Church prohibit the use of caffeine?
Why do Jehovah Witnesses think that the cross doesn't have hands?
What is the Biblical Basis for considering techniques like cold reading to be prophecy?
When is the first time in church history we find a prayer ending with "in Jesus' name, amen"?
What are the current guidelines for Jehovah's Witnesses regarding blood use in medical treatment?
Modern religious law it still applicable?
According to the bible, where did egypt arise from?
What is the Catholic Church's Official Stance on ISIS?
What is the biblical basis for the belief that good works are the fruits of faith?
Are Catholics prohibited from getting their body tattooed?
What are the Roman Catholic pilgrimages in Northern America?
What is the Biblical basis for the belief that the Jews rejected their king?
What is the Etymology of the Name of Jesus?
What is the basis for saying that the Catholic Church is the largest charitable organization in the world?
What manuscripts did people use to create the NIV and KJV? Are the manuscripts used to fashion the NIV older than those used for the KJV?
Why are three "Comings" a problem?
During communion, when does the wafer stop being Jesus' body?
How many Catholics believe in Transubstantiation?
Which version of the Gospels do the authors of the Philokalia refer to?
When and how was the doctrine of the one divine will established?
What do Catholics think of the Philokalia?
According to Reformed Theology do non-trinitarians go to hell?
Why do some adherents to the Westminster Standards sing hymns, rather than just psalms?
Did Waldensians believe in unconditional election?
Were there women leaders in the early church?
Liturgical prayer in Aramaic
According to Catholicism, how should Christians react when an unbeliever dies?
According to Reformed theology, how should Christians react when a non-believer dies?
Why did Huldrych Zwingli oppose music in the worship service?
Are incenses burned inside LDS temples like the ancient Jerusalem Temple? Why or Why not?
What is the prayer roll at an LDS temple, and how is it used?
What is the Ezekiel War Theory?
According to Wesleyan-Arminianism, does God fail?
What's the Eastern Orthodox view on Roman Catholic notion of sanctifying grace?
In accordance to LDS doctrine, would Mary & Joseph need to be sealed (by proxy) in the temple?
According to the Catholic Church, when Peter briefly walked on water, was it a miracle attributed to him?
Did the Second Council of Orange deny the "certain efficacy" of grace?
Is there an established concensus meaning of Vicarious Atonement?
According to the Catholicism, is a conscious denial of the gospel of Christ a mortal sin?
In Eastern Orthodoxy, when doing a service, do little mistakes really matter, and should they be cause for concern?
How was Pelagianism originally formally defined?
Which English translation of the Bible does the Orthodox church use?
If "the Kingdom of God comes not with observation", how can it be "taken by violence"?
Does the Eastern Orthodox Church have guidelines on which language to recite the Jesus Prayer in?
What were the findings of the Acts Seminar?
According to those holding that Lazarus was literally raised from the dead, why did Matthew, Mark, and Luke not mention it?
What are the arguments that the book of Acts was written after 70 AD?
What are the arguments that Acts was written prior to 70 AD?
What is the Catholic Church's interpretation of 'hunger and thirst for righteousness'?
What is the origin of the idea that Matthew, Mark, and Luke didn't mention Lazarus in order to protect him?
Origin of the quote "If he'd had anything more precious, he'd have given it"
Why did John Newton oppose Handel's Messiah?
Can I take notes during a mass?
If unconditional election is true do we worship God in vain?
Did William Cowper believe himself to be saved at the end of his life?
What prophets did Messiah mean in Luke 16:16 when we see yet more prophets thereafter?
According to Catholicism, is it unlawful to cause others to work on Sunday?
According to Catholicism, is going to work on Holy Days of Obligation sinful?
Why do Mormons believe that Joseph Smith is necessary to teach us?
Is there any historical evidence that Gnosticism disappeared because Gnostics converted to Christianity?
In the Christian Reformed Churches, who evaluates the pastor's theological beliefs?
Where were the Magi from?
How is repentance understood in Lutheranism?
How is the ‘Resurrection of the Holy Ones’ in Mt.27:51-53 understood by those who do NOT consider it a literal, historical event?
What Judaic Laws are Christians responsible for upholding?
Is there an Arabic translation of the Book of Mormon?
How is the ‘Resurrection of the Holy Ones’ in Mt.27:51-53 understood by those who consider it a literal, historical event?
When was Sunday first called the Sabbath?
According to the Catholic Church, can you cook food while you're fasting?
According to the morality of the Catholic Church are there any organs that are not permitted to be offered in organ transplants?
How do the Seventh Day Adventist approach OT laws?
Who was house of Chloe?
Scripture explanation: spiritual person can evaluate everything
Isaiah 25:6 "On this mountain, the Lord of Heavenly Forces"
Matthew 11:3: Was John the Baptist losing his faith?
How prevalent is the group known as the 2x2's?
Is Meister Eckhart's teaching condemned by the Roman Catholic Church?
Was William of Ockham the first sedevacantist?
Does the Evangelical Lutheran church see Mormons as Christian?
Does Bible say that God created insects?
According to Catholicism, is there hope for people to get saved after they're dead?
When were "psalms and hymns and spiritual songs" in Colossians 3 first argued to refer only to the Book of Psalms?
Who are David and Sybilla in the first stanza of Dies Iræ?
Jesus rejects equality with God - How does this statement reconcile with traditional teachings?
What is the biblical basis for allowing atheists to speak openly and freely in society?
Is there a formal statement or opinion in the Catholic Church regarding martial arts?
What was the rationale for worship only in Latin?
According to the Anglican Church, did the prophets in Old Testament have a concept of life after death?
Has a parable originally used by Jesus been left out of Luke 14?
Who first explicitly understood "works of the law" in Galatians 3:10 as referring to only the ritual law, and not the Mosaic law generally?
Why can't God cope with Iron chariots?
What is the highest position a married man can achieve in the Catholic church?
Why is the Crucifixion said to have been between 30-33 AD, if Jesus was born between 4-6 B.C. and lived to be 33 years old?
Does God, according to Catholic theology, precondition His help on other people's prayers and if so, why?
Was Galileo mentioned during Vatican II?
Who is Augustine arguing against in his Confessions, book 12?
How, according to the Catholic Church, can God order genocide even though the Church has declared such a situation impossible?
Why was Descartes' interpretation of the Catholic transubstantiation not approved by Church and how can it be improved?
Wedding after a death in the family in the Eastern Orthodox Church
How was the idea of homoousion developed, and when was this term used prior to the Nicean Council?
What was the difference between Jerusalem's honorary primacy and the primacy of Rome, Alexandria, and Antioch?
What's the source of the "new world religion" memorandum signed in Strasbourg?
How do denominations that ordain women at the same time justify not ordaining homosexuals?
Why did Ninevites respond the way they did?
Why is denial of the primacy of the bishop of Rome considered a Schism, not a Heresy?
What does "Throwing Pearls to Swine" (Matt 7:6) mean?
Who is the most recent saint recognized by both the Catholic and the Orthodox churches?
Help me locate a passage regarding driving out the Canaanites before Israel
How do Calvinists explain God's wanting no one to perish and electing some to judgement?
How do Catholics understand the gathering of Jews in Isaiah 43:5–6?
Was Herod Antipas an official king?
What miracles were performed during the beatification and canonization processes of Mother Teresa?
How is the New Covenant consistent with Deuteronomy 4:2?
Has there ever been a saint who has had their sainthood revoked due to falsification of their life details or the miracles leading to canonization?
According to Reformed churches, is the trinity a finalized doctrine?
Does canonisation make one more meritorious before God?
Why doesn't the Catholic church have prophets and apostles?
Does the Chicago Statement meaningfully support a doctrine of Biblical inerrancy?
Do any non-Swedenborgian Christian denominations have a smaller biblical canon than Protestantism?
According to the Assembly of God, must a person love God to get into heaven, if he believes in Christ?
How are the soul and the body related to each other according to the RCC?
What is the origin of the Catholic Pope in the Bible?
When will the Millennial Reign prophesied about in Revelation 20 take place?
Why aren't Moses, Elijah, and other Old Testament heroes of faith given the title of "Saint"?
What is the name of the view that the Earth is 4 billion years old, but God inserted human beings 5000 years ago?
According to Reformed theology, what is an infant's first sin?
Why do Catholics believe that Mary is co-redemptrix?
What is an overview of Pentecostal views on killing in war?
According to the Catholic Church, are there levels of spiritual enlightenment in Christianity?
which denominations have a catechism and if possible can you add a link to it?
According to Catholicism, why did Jesus address inanimate objects?
Scriptural reference to explain what the word "gospel" means?
Is Holy Absolution necessary in the Lutheran Church?
Sola fide and Satan?
The meaning of "The Other" in the writings by pope John Paul II
Catholic Blessing at a civil wedding
According to LCMC Lutheranism, why is human imagination considered evil, when unsaved people do some amazingly good things?
What major changes have American Presbyterians made to the Westminster Confession of Faith?
What do Evangelical Protestants mean by "receive Jesus"?
Assumption of Mary (Salvific issue) Catholic
Lords Prayer. Asking for Forgiveness
Are there or have there been any Christian traditions that follow Kosher food laws?
How could Adam and Eve lose their just standing before God if it was given to them as a Grace and not earned?
Did David prophesy "God ruling the nations from a Tree"?
Did adherents of apocatastasis in the early church believe that the devil and his demons would be restored?
How do Catholics speak with their Guardian angels?
According to the Catholic Church, who taught Moses the Law?
What does the Catholic Church require for a parent's name to appear on the child's baptism certificate?
In Catholicism, what are some examples of views considered opinio tolerata?
Can a priest resign?
Can a third party ask for an annulment if neither married person wants it to happen?
Which Episcopal Conferences set alternatives for abstinence on Fridays?
What is an overview of teachings of Messianic Jewish Christians regarding circumcision?
Why sleep put apostles into temptation?
Where in the bible is Jesus referred to as Jesus bin Miriam?
On what basis is Genesis 1 said to be Hebrew poetry?
How should Reformed people deal with Wrong doctrine?
What is the basis of God's Goodness/Righteousness?
What are the practical differences between German Lutheran and Swiss Reformed traditions?
Why does the NIV have 16 verses missing from the Bible?
Moses' Age when moving to house of Pharaoh
Do any Christian scholars contrast Islamic eschatology with Christian eschatology?
According to Catholicism, when is vandalism not sinful?
What is the difference in doctrine between the Pentecostal church and the Assemblies of God church?
In Catholicism, do scripted and unscripted prayers have equal importance to one's spiritual identity and development?
According to Catholicism, can you hit someone in self defence?
With whom did Abel and Seth marry?
Crucifixion and the principle of double effect
Does a comprehensive list for apostolic succession exist?
Early 90s Jungle themed christian childrens Musical
Why is the Lord's Passion read on Palm Sunday (in the Roman Catholic tradition)?
Are there members in people's ancestry who claim to have seen Jesus, or witnessed His acts?
What is the scriptural basis for gluttony being a sin?
In what sense was Mary born without original sin in Roman Catholic dogma?
In what ways did early Jansenists believe that their doctrine of salvation differed from that of Calvinism?
Testimonies of the existence of Mary and Joseph
Mark 1:41 - Was Jesus indignant or compassionate?
How do various traditions define the term "sufficient grace"?
Quote like "Anyone can endure an insult but it takes a saint to pass through praise unharmed"
What were the three miracles that St. Stephen performed to be canonized?
Did Martin Luther teach penal substitution?
In what specific ways does the content differ between the standard edition and the student edition of The Apologetics Study Bible?
What were the specific changes to the canonization process introduced in 1983?
Why doesn't the Gospel of Peter, who was given the keys to the kingdom of heaven, lead the new testament?
According to the Catholic church everyone has a Guardian Angel,but what happens when you get married?
Why is everything created spiritually before physically?
Lutherans: Shells, baptism, why?
"All" Scripture?
How long was David on the run from Saul?
According to Protestants following the Reformation, what did Jesus mean when he said "do this and you will live"?
What is the difference between transubstantiation and consubstantiation?
Can an uncatecized but baptized Catholic receive absolution from a priest?
Is there, or was there, a Christian denomination that believes, or believed, that Jesus Christ was "just a normal human"?
What is the biblical basis for a marriage not sanctioned by the government being a sin?
Does the Roman Catholic Church consider other religions evil, demonic, and satanic?
First Peter, 5:13 mentions "Mark, my son."
When does the obligation to attend Mass begin?
Did any Jesuit opponents of early Jansenism argue that Augustine was wrong on any points?
Does the Southern Baptist Convention consider other religions evil, demonic, and satanic?
If Anger is one of the Seven Deadly Sins, how could Jesus have been angry yet still be sinless? (Catholicism)
Is physical presence in the church necessary to fulfill the Sunday mass obligation?
Why have some conservative Reformed churches objected to the Belhar Confession?
Any research done on the Narrative of Zosimus & Lehi's "Tree of Life" Dream in 1 Nephi (LDS scripture)? Similarities? More info on N. of Zosimus?
When was the first African American ordained in a US Presbyterian denomination?
What differentiates a priest, a clerk, a capellanus, a subdeacon and a rector?
How do I interpret this list of mediaeval rectors?
Which prophets died outside Jerusalem?
Are there any Christian denominations that deny the existence of an afterlife?
According to the RCC is it allowed to have more then one wife?
On what basis does the Catholic Church oppose penalisation of women guilty of abortion?
Laurentian Litany - How pray it?
If Jesus is God then how could he die?
Why do Catholics baptize children?
Does Jesus' public reading of the Scriptures imply that he had any authority within the religious community?
Which book of the law is Joshua 1:8 referring to?
What is the Full Preterist perspective on ghosts and paranormal activity?
Does the Church believe that an economic system with shared property is better than one based on private property?
Is there any Biblical answers to what condition our bodies will be in after the resurrection?
Does the Catholic Church recognize any marriages performed by a Justice of the Peace
Is God fully Jesus?
According to Catholicism, how many times did Jesus "rise again"?
What are the differences between the CRCNA position on infallibility and the ICBI position on inerrancy?
In Catholicism, does sin compound?
"God Bubble" - Who teaches/believes such a concept and what is the basic teaching behind the concept?
How does Reformed Theology reconcile Jesus' meaningful temptation and impeccability?
According to Roman Catholicism, what does "proceeds' mean in the Nicene Creed?
How do devils know what God permits in their doings? (Catholic perspective)
What feast is mentioned in John 5:1?
What does "proceeds" mean to Eastern Orthodox?
What is the difference between "person" and "substance"?
Did Churches plant a tree at their entrance in 13th century Christian Spain?
What are the differences between "spiration" and "procession"?
How do I clean, iron and fold purificators?
How does Swedenborgianism understand Amos 3:2, "You only have I known of all the families of the earth"?
In Romans 16:7, are Andronicus and Junia apostles? AND... is Junia a woman? How did the Church Fathers interpret this?
At what point would a sin become mortal if you learned about it through self-study?
what is the background situation of Paul's vow ? (Acts 18:18)
Why doesn't the Father have additional attributes like the Son and Holy Spirit?
If we say "God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Spirit" can we say "God, God, and God"?
Did Pentecostalism lead to Cessationism in the modern Reformed churches?
Why is Mary's perpetual virginity a Catholic dogma?
Did the Father and Holy Spirit become man?
Is the Divine Substance rational?
How can I find and read Alpha News?
If you are in mortal sin but went to mass anyways are you in less of a sinful state?
How is age defined in heaven?
Why have conservative Presbyterians objected to chapters on the Holy Spirit and the Gospel in the Westminster Confession?
Hierarchy and paid clergy of Jehovah's Witnesses church
In what year was the letter to the Galatians written?
According to Reformed theology, where is the Scriptural evidence for homoousion?
Why Does Herod Say He Had Beheaded John the Baptist When He Knows He's in Prison? (Mark 6)
How does John Polkinghorne define the soul?
What is the distinction between Justification and Salvation? (Roman Catholic view)
On what basis is mental illness considered the result of sin?
Are there other historical accounts of the tower of Babel?
How were the old saints justified under the law? (Catholic and Protestant views)
What is the distinction between Justification and Salvation? (Orthodox/Greek/Eastern View)
What is the distinction between Justification and Salvation? (Reformed point of view)
Why has the Church moved toward the West since it began?
What is the distinction between Justification and Salvation? (Swedenborgian View)
What is the biblical basis for a post-tribulation rapture?
According to Catholicism, does the Old Law justify?
What are the memorized lines people are reciting in church?
Did Jesus forseeing the different Denominational division of the Church, unify them together into the Kingdom of God in John 3:16?
What is the meaning of 'is' in the context of the Trinity?
How many modern day pages were lost by Martin Harris?
Old Testament Evidence of the Hypostatic Union
How can one cease to exist when Jesus and many Bible verses state that hell a real place?
What effect did the 1897 decree regarding the Johannine Comma have on Catholic scholarship?
According to Reformed theology, is teaching a false Trinitarian concept considered blasphemy?
According to Catholicism, is it sinful to drink alcohol in order to get drunk?
What evidence is there to support Deuteronomy being written during the reign of King Josiah?
What is the biblical basis of the "goats are evil" trope?
Can a woman cut her hair and not cover her head?
What is an overview of Reformed beliefs about hell?
Is a testimony from devil about Jesus, good?
In RC doctrine, when is pop culture, like Bernstein's Mass, appropriate to tell sacred messages?
How can I find this letter from Ambrose?
Receiving the Holy Spirit after conversion Acts 8:14–17
Hebrews 5:1 and the pope
What is the biblical basis used by Reformed theologians to argue that all those dying in infancy are saved?
Does Jesus's name lose authority in other languages? (Catholic)
Who first clearly formulated the penal substitution theory of atonement?
Does God intend to replace the fallen angels with humans?
According to the Catholic Church, what did Jesus mean by saying "Neither this man nor his parents sinned"?
What is an overview of Lutheran faith-alone systematically taught before Martin Luther?
How did the man with leprosy come into the city?
Why is hell for a literal eternity if it does not have literal flames and worms?
Where, if anywhere, is it explicitly stated that the Church may borrow and adapt heathen feasts?
According to the Catholic Church, why did Jesus walk on water?
Why does the RCC create modern saints?
Did Philip Melanchthon teach penal substitution?
According to the RCC, is supporting abortion the same sin as having an abortion?
What was the stance of the Roman Catholic Church on the Vietnam War?
Is repenting the same as it always has been or do we in the New Covenant repent in a new way? (Roman Catholic perspective)
Was Samuel a judge?
Pope Benedict XVI and Pope Francis and the Prophecy of the Popes
Creation, Fall, Redemption (Restoration/New Creation): Who said it first?
What is the biblical basis of the belief that Earth is the center of the universe?
Are there any Christian denominations that reject some of the gospels in the New Testament?
Was what I was told about Catholics correct?
Can I pray for the past to change certain aspects of life? (Catholic perspective)
What is the basis for the belief among some Protestants that Christ's teachings do not apply to us today?
What is the Biblical basis for believing God is the same throughout the Old and New Testament?
Are the five propositions condemned by Cum occasione in the Augustinus?
What is the Swedenborgian (New Church) view of therapies that involve access to the subconscious mind?
Incense, candles, crystal and exorcism (Roman Catholic perspective)
According to Augustine, what's the difference between regenerate life and that before the fall?
Comparison of church services between Church of Ireland and the Catholic Church
Did a married couple live in fornication if annulled? (Catholic)
How does Mormonism (the LDS Church) answer "the problem of evil"?
According to reformed theology, who or what will the saints reign over in eternity?
According to reformed theology, who or what will the saints reign over during the millenium?
What is the meaning of 'scandalous' associated with the crucifixion of Jesus?
How is Jesus' will in union with the Father's? (Catholic perspective)
Does the Book of Mormon (& LDS doctrine) pass the test found in 1 John 4:2 as the true spirit of God?
In Reformed theology, are Christians still "totally depraved"?
Where can I find Calvin's commentary on the Hebrew Bible in the original Latin?
What evidence is there to suggest that Daniel never existed?
Is falling to the floor during blessings or prayers supported in Roman Catholic doctrine?
Jewish Festival of Lights and the Feast of the Immaculate Conception
Why isn't consecrated virginity a sacrament?
Praying to saints
Why did Jesus predict martyrdom of some of his disciples?
Psalm 144:5 Bow Your heavens, O LORD, and come down; Touch the mountains, that they may smoke
100 Year Anniversaries? - Sacred Heart of Jesus
According to Catholicism, were animals created in the image of anything?
Saving the Earth is very in fashion these days,but is this a problem for the church, according to the RCC?
In Federal Vision theology, what is the difference between decisional regeneration and presupposed regeneration?
What happened with the schools of Luther and Melanchthon?
What are demons according to the Catholic Church?
Mormonism view on God as a physical being
Who or what is the origin of the Seven Mountain Mandate?
Do Mormons celebrate Christmas on/or around the 25th of December?
Location of Jesus' tomb identified by Helena, mother of Constantine?
Does the church have any teachings on whether the Assumption of Mary occurred indoors?
According to the Roman Catholic Church, is halal meat being offered up to idols?
When did Jesus assume human nature?
What is the will of the Father according to the LDS vewpoint?
Bible versions quoted in book - need copyright info on each or just the major one?
Why do Pentecostalists often use the word "fire" during exorcisms?
How could Abraham dine with God?
What do "sin" and "death" mean in Romans 5:12?
What is the biblical basis for the theory that Christians should not eat pork?
Seventh day Adventists...will the saved ultimately take on a new form in the kingdom of God?
When did a "formal act of correction" of a pope's statement happen in the past?
The sacrificial perogative of the kings of Israel
When did marriage become a sacrament?
When and for what reasons does the Pope have the right to legitimately excommunicate members of the Church?
Can any sin be forgiven? (According to the teaching of the Catholic Church)
Are the books known as the "Book of the Covenant" and the "Book of the Law" the same book or two separate books?
What does "the Holy Spirit and us" mean in Acts 15:28, according to Catholicism?
Who created humans?
What is a good beginner reading-level Bible book for adults?
Tithing and excommunication question (LDS)
What Christmas traditions have roots in Jewish traditions?
What was first, sola scriptura or sola fide?
Were the indulgences in the Catholic Church always to be followed by Confession?
How do the proponents of the doctrine that salvation can't be lost usually explain Matthew 7:21-23?
Is a baptized but not confirmed Catholic really a Catholic?
When is the first documented case of making a confession to a priest?
What was the organizing principle of Melanchthon's Loci Communes?
At the time of Peter's confession, who knew that Jesus was Messiah?
Are there any known non-trinitarian apologists in the Anglican communion?
What is the biblical basis for the imputation of Christ's righteousness to believers?
What is the current stance of the Catholic Church regarding the legality of non-Catholic religions?
According to the RCC, why did God create so many planets?
Are there any buildings standing that Jesus visited?
In Roman Catholicism, does an individual's history of miscarriage lead to different or more specific guidance on pregnancy prevention?
Where does this Martin Luther quote come from?
No non-Latin prayers in European churches before Reformation?
Bible Memorization App
Outdoor wedding for Catholics
Evidence of Jesus being either autistic or having difficulty speaking?
In Catholicism, is the Eucharist observed during funerals?
Where does this Augustine quote come from?
Is there a reason why the story Bel and the Dragon is included in the Book of Daniel by some churches and not by others?
Why are Matthew, Mark, and Luke called 'synoptic' gospels?
How do the Assemblies of God interpret 1 Corinthians 11:2–6?
Did Jesus wear premium clothes?
What is the basis for saying that B. B. Warfield believed in theistic evolution?
Saying the concluding prayer in the Liturgy of the Hours
What is the source of the image of angels in light and wings? (Roman Catholic perspective)
What sins can be absolved only by a bishop in the Roman Catholic Church?
Do all Christian sects believe that Paul's writings are words of God?
Different Lectionary Readings For Sundays
What is the origin of 'omnipotence' as an attribute of God in the ecumenical councils and other Christian authorities?
According to premillennialism, are the nations in the New Earth still procreating?
Sources for Luther and Calvin quotes supporting geocentrism
Why are days like "Sunday" or "Monday" not mentioned in the Bible?
Funeral Mass vs. Mass for the Deceased
Who influenced anabaptist teachings the most and where did anabaptist teachings come from?
What are the six original sons of Israel that Exodus 28 speaks off?
How can there be Five Sola's (Solae) in Reformed theology?
What is the basis for Calvinist double predestination, as opposed to single predestination?
What is the basis for Lutheran single predestination, as opposed to double predestination?
What is the biblical evidence against the idea that God, pre-Fall, always intended Jesus' crucifixion?
Why sleep next to an open Bible?
Does divine simplicity imply that God is identical to his attributes?
How can we be sure of the authenticity of the bible
Did St. Nicholas punch Arius at the Council of Nicaea?
How old was Flavian of Constantinople, roughly, when he died?
Why is Mary's mantle blue?
What's the main contribution of William of Ockham?
What was St Paul's age at the time of his conversion and what was his age when he died?
Christmas Tree Angel holding bread in one hand and coal in the other?
What is a special sign of predestination? (Catholic)
According to the doctrine of Trinity, was Jesus always co-equal to the Father?
What is the Christian (or commonly used) term for "god of relativism" (small g) in Tim Keller's book Hidden Christmas?
How do one know that the Bible is absolutely true and is not a "make believe" fiction?
Why does John the Baptist decide upon water and baptism as the form of repentance (Catholic viewpoint)?
Did Moses have an Egyptian Stepbrother?
How does Dietrich Bonhoeffer's theology relate to salvation by faith alone?
From the Reformed Perspective, What are "The Secret Things that Belong to the Lord"?
If Jesus' ministry was to the Jews, why did He go to Syria?
According to Baptist theology why doesn't Satan surrender?
Is Jonathan Edwards's view of "philosophical necessity" compatible with the Westminster Standards?
Did the Council of Trent define rules for encasing Relics?
What is considered "The Word of the Lord" in the Episcopal Liturgy
Why did the reformers include the book of Hebrews in the canon?
How do we know that Judas was a "wealthy landowner"?
Why does Catholicism impose restrictions on receiving the Eucharist?
Did Santa Claus really Punch Out Arius?
Why "Sons of Levi" particularly?
Did Luke provide other writings under a different name?
One Essence Three Persons of Trinity
How did the tree of life in the Garden of Eden serve its purpose? (Roman Catholic perspective)
How did Matthew know that Hosea 11:1 was about Jesus?
Who is "I" in Isaiah 44:6
Do Lutherans define Justification and Atonement as different things?
Was Jesus a sun god?
Can English people go to Greek Orthodox churches in England?
Where in the Bible does it mention that every person has a guardian angel?
Where in the Bible does it say angels sing?
Refuting British Israelism
Pre-Vatican II guidelines for vestments
Saints: Are they always comfortable in society? (Catholic Church perspective)
If Joseph was Jesus's adoptive father then did Jesus really have David's blood?
Is there a modern translation of the critical text of the Bible into Classical Latin?
Anathemas concerning the soul
Ghosts Appearing as Children [Latter-day Saint perspective]
When Friday asks "Why God no kill the devil?" is Robinson Crusoe's response in line with Anglican theology?
According to evangelicalism, did Jesus' divine nature suffer on the cross?
What does "persecute with cups" refer to in Augustine's first homily on 1 John?
What is the basis for Lombard's view that the basis of justification for OT men was different than for OT women?
Is there any doubt among New Testament scholars that "and then to the Twelve" in 1 Corinthians 15:5 refers to an appearance to a group?
If we are certain there is a God then why is it called a 'faith'?
Why does the Roman Catholic Church not hold to the perspicuity of Scripture?
What do proponents of "Free Grace" theology believe about the salvation of Judas?
What non conformist churches begin with 'M'?
Did the Israelites/Hebrews have their own slaves or servants?
Why Was Jesus Represented as Being Born in a Cave?
What are the massive stables at Megeto?
Why did "versus populum" (instead of "ad orientem") become commonplace after Vatican II?
What writing materials did the writers of the Gospels use?
Feast of the Holy Innocents traditions?
According to the Bible narrative, who was the second descendant of Adam to die?
To what extent were original papyri used as sources in the translation of the NIV New Testament?
Can a devil use one prayer to prevent us from praying different one? (Catholic perspective)
According to the Book of Mormon, D&C, Pearl of great price and/or prophets, what prohibits lust?
What is the biblical basis against a child's right to privacy?
What is a Sabbath day's walk?
How is the 'New Perspective on Paul' different from Catholicism with respect to good works?
Why aren't all unbelievers given a "Road to Damascus" moment, according to Catholicism?
When was the early Christian apology "Dialogue with Trypho" written?
According to Catholicism, why do some possessed people vomit during exorcisms?
Has a pope ever been corrected publicly by a non-cleric in the presence of cardinals because of the unclear wording of a papal document?
How can the translators of the New World Translation say that their version is near what was originally written?
Why was God threatened by Man's cooperation to build the Tower of Babel?
LDS viewpoint on decafinated tea and coffee
Papal resignations and participation in subsequent conclaves
What is the biblical basis in the Old Testament for the belief that the Messiah must be God?
How did Martin Luther justify the separation from the Catholic Church?
Is it possible for a spirit to eat fish?
Does the LDS discuss the issue of LDS children "playing Sacrament"?
How do Catholics describe "eternal generation"?
In which writing(s) did Augustine assert that God exists outside of time?
How do theistic evolutionists explain moral reasoning?
Is there a "Reina-Valera" only movement?
What is the origin of the word "Nativity" as a title for Christ's Advent?
How did John Calvin reconcile killing followers of opposing religious views with the New Testament?
What is the basis for saying that the Gospel of Thomas was accepted as scripture by early Christians?
Which manuscript was the LDS Book of Moses translated from?
How do Catholics explain the fact that Jesus is male yet he has no human biological father?
Does the Catholic Church attempt to explain scientifically any miracles associated with Jesus' time on earth?
According to Catholicism, what did St Paul mean by "a thorn in the flesh"?
Do Protestant catechisms teach that man is created by and for God, and God always draws man to himself?
How do Christians reconcile the following reasoning?
What is the biblical basis to say that prophetic words spoken today are equivalent in authority to scripture?
How does the Catholic Church respond to the claim that its authority to interpret scripture is based on circular reasoning?
Dates of Epiphany and Baptism celebrations shifting in Ireland and England
Hebrew New Testament with cantillation marks
Origin of La Madonna Del Gatto
Can I take communion in the Catholic Church?
According to the LDS faith, if our spirits lived with God before this life, why is spiritual birth during life on earth required?
Why did Joseph Smith translate the Book of Mormon into Jacobean English, not in use in 1830?
Did Joseph Smith “translate the Book of Mormon”?
How can Jesus rule the earth during the second coming, if he is only in Jerusalem?
Why do Catholics ask for things from an omniscient and omnibenevolent God?
What is the biblical basis for the belief that Mary is the mother of God?
Are there any Christian sects that believe the Old Testament was written (inspired) by Satan or that these scriptures are evil in some way?
What was the explanation for why Catharism identified the Old Testament God as Satan?
Why is use of the phrase "for God's sake" often considered sinful?
Is there a name for the belief that God is not omniscient, but rather is "learning" how to deal with humanity?
Why didn’t the disciples baptize using a Trinitarian formula as commanded in the Great Commission?
If the premise for Marcion's Two Principles (Dualism) is correct; which words in the Bible belong to the Demiurge?
Is there a Christian equivalent of the Muslim hadith, but for narrations relating to Jesus?
What is the biblical basis for the logical Problem of Evil?
On the topic of marriage in heaven, how does the LDS church reconcile Matthew 22:23-33?
Is the Testament of Solomon Biblical?
What is the biblical basis for free will?
In the "Creed of Athanasius" does "before all things" mean "sooner" or "most important"?
Worklabor during construction of Solomon's palace?
I'm looking for a multilingual glossary of Christian/Bible terminology
Were there any converted children or teenagers among Jesus disciples or in the first century church?
Were the friends of Job, who came to him when he was in pain, of another religion?
Is the Church both the Body of Christ and the Bride of Christ?
What is the Biblical basis of the idea that a deceased person has "entered into eternal rest"?
Is Jesus saying "God willing" the same as "Insallah", said by Muslims before doing anything?
Does Catholicism teach that Trinity is reflected in Man?
How do small groups pray the Liturgy of the Hours?
Introduction to Greek Texts; Byzantine vs. Alexandrian
Why do images of saints often depict them with unusual hand gestures?
How could Satan be cursed to crawl on the ground, yet walk before God in Job?
Where did the claim that "the Bible we have today is unreliable because of retranslation" come from?
Will I get in trouble if I copy the whole KJV into a book?
What is the position of Catholic theology on human rights in transhumanism?
Can a pope be a heretic?
According to Catholicism, how did Clement of Rome become a Pope?
What is the earliest mention of the Three Pillars of Catholicism?
What is the difference between Irresistible Grace and the Immaculate Conception?
Is the Book of Mormon considered to be another Gospel? (LDS perspective)
Is there no salvation among any Christ-professing faiths, apart from the restored gospel of the Latter Day Saints? (LDS perspective)
Can a Pope elevate a non-heretical yet minority opinion to the level of dogma?
In what sense is the bible is "clear"/perspicuous?
How did the Catholic Church function logistically/liturgically prior to the invention of the printing press?
According to Catholicism, do the saints and martyrs in heaven rise again on judgment day?
Mormonism doctrine of a flesh & bones God
How does Catholic doctrine differ from LDS doctrine concerning God the Father?
Do Catholics have to accept the early chapters of Genesis as literal historical truth?
How do Mormons interpret Isaiah 43:10?
In Catholicism, how is the practice of infant communion reconciled with the rule that first reconciliation must precede first communion?
How do Anglicans interpret the great crowd (144,000) of Revelation 7?
Was Catholicism chosen by the Roman Empire because of synergies to Roman hierarchy?
How do Protestantism and the LDS Church differ as to what is required for a believer to attain salvation and eternal life?
Who titled the poem: "The Dark Night of the Soul"?
Where can I find a complete set of Ante-Nicene Writings?
Was there a "cessation of church fathers" in Catholicism?
Does the Lumen Gentium dogmatic constitution say that non-Catholic Christians cannot be saved?
Has the prohibition against construction and veneration of statues and images been abrogated?
How does repentance fit into the doctrine of sola fide ("by faith alone")?
Do any traditions hold that the Jews will return to Israel prior to Christ's Second Coming?
Where can one buy a new physical copy of a full (OT & NT) Protestant RSV where its NT is of '71?
Questions about Eastern Orthodox infant baptism practices
Is Mary omniscient (by participation, not by nature)?
What is the LDS stance on John 14:9-10?
Was it possible for God to be a single person like in Islam and Judaism? Or is the attribute of "Trinity" an essential property of God?
What does heaven look like for Protestant vs LDS?
Did the original reformers believe in a Magisterium?
Did the ante-Nicene Church fathers write in uncials?
According to the Puritans, at what time did the Sabbath start and end?
Why aren't there any examples of a child or teen conversion in the NT?
According to Reformed theology, when did the New Covenant start?
Will men be circumcised after the Resurrection?
How possible is it that the Septuagint / LXX wasn't specifically quoted in the NT?
According to the Trinity doctrine was the Son created by the Father?
What is the biblical support for the Nicene creed's statement of the Son being "eternally begotten"?
What is the theological justification for believing in the real presence of Mary in the Eucharist?
What did the early Christian twice weekly fasts consist of?
How do proponents of Apokatastasis deal with the "Everlasting punishment" texts in scripture?
What version of the bible do Greek speaking Christians use?
Why did the distressing spirit from God come upon Saul
Is there a 'correct' pattern for Anglicans and/or Roman Catholics when crossing yourself?
According to the Catholic Church, what did Jesus mean by the phrase "in the age to come"?
How does the Trinitarian defend this argument from a JW?
How do Unitarians interpret John 1:1?
Why do Rastafarians believe it is okay to use cannabis?
How do paedo-baptists interpret the Great Commission?
Why are Catholic bishops styled as archbishops?
How do Modalists interpret John 14:28?
Saviour of all people, ESPECIALLY of those who believe
Word Count: Ruth
What Prayer/words are associated with the solemn sign of the cross?
Do the conditions for mortal sin apply to non-catholics?
Did anyone who was a part of the Counter reformation consider Luther to be the Antichrist?
How did Swedenborg interpret 1 John 2:2: "He is the propitiation for our sins"?
How do NON soul sleep adherents interpret 1 Thessalonians 4:13–18?
Which eschatological belief does Catholicism profess? Deem heretical?
Do Pentecostals include the Old Testament in their Bible? Or do they only follow the New Testament?
What's the point of the Day of Judgement?
When was Jesus anointed and who did the anointing?
What is the protestant apologetic for James' explicit statement that we are justified by works?
In Catholicism, in case of emergency Is it valid to baptise a large assembly of people with a fire hose?
Is it possible to repent after death in Catholicism?
What would happen to the Catholic Church if all of the bishops get wiped out?
According to Evangelicals, will the saved ever experience the magnitude of suffering associated with their sins?
In what way is the Son of God "one with the Father"?
Connection between the Jesus Prayer and chanting "Jesus!" during worship?
In the Catholic Church, is there a punishment for "heresy"?
Is there a trend toward not capitalizing the word "Bible"?
What is the basis for the Catholic teaching that Mary is holy?
Is there a story in the Bible about a certain person named Cartaphilus?
Explain she bore again from Genesis-when Eve gave birth to Cain & Able?...who was Cains fathet?
Have Christian Scholars been forced to use BCE and CE instead of AD and BC?
Does the Catholic Church permit one to choose two godparents of the same gender?
Do protestants believe that the New Testament is the final covenant?
When did versions of Scripture start being regarded as not fully infallible?
What is the biblical evidence against a pre-incarnate Jesus?
Does the Presbyterian Church in America (PCA) have a policy regarding admitting members who do not accept its doctrines?
What key differences should I be sure to cover when explaining how I study the Bible as a Catholic to my Episcopalian friend?
Is it permissible for a Catholic to pray the Salat?
What type of church or Christian would a Rob Bell follower be or attend?
What did Christians write about Muhammad during his life?
In 1 Corinthians 5:9-13, is Paul really saying to avoid the immoral? (Catholic perspective)
If you request and receive pastoral advice from a priest, are you culpable if the advice is wrong?
How many hells did Swedenborg say there were?
How is it that Georgian Orthodox Church are in full communion with the Eastern Orthodox Church when they have a different biblical canon?
What is involved in the consecration of a Church?
What is the significance of a church being "consecrated"?
How is the Trinity compatible with divine simplicity?
Do Mormons actually believe in any sort of supreme being/ultimate reality/"Absolute"?
Are modern Amish much more dissimilar from society than the original generations of Amish?
Has there ever been an Eastern Catholic Pope (Post-Schism)?
What are the details for the Catholic position on the inspiration of Scripture?
How do monothelites explain Jesus' prayer in the garden of Gethsemane?
The nature and extent of the atonement of Jesus during the crucifixion
Has a pope ever been corrected publicly by a non-cleric in the presence of cardinals because of his immoral conduct?
Why do Catholics usually baptize by pouring?
Are the any Christian denominations that have doctrines in place that prohibit a national flag in the worship space?
Being an endtime prophecy, how does Genesis 49:10 affect Christians since one side of it in ''Judah'' already has?
War between the ‘inner being’ and the ‘fleshly nature’
Does the Roman Catholic Church embrace theistic evolution?
Besides Satan, was Jesus alone in the desert?
Are there any complete tables that can accurately pinpoint the year of the flood?
How do we explain the flood happening on 2348 BC with Pyramid and Chinese that's been around long before that?
According to catholicism, what is the signification of burning incense during the liturgy?
How did early childhood baptisms started in Catholicism?
What is the origin of vicars/priests wearing the white dog collar?
What is the origin and meaning of this symbol?
I seek the LDS perspective concerning Cornelius and his house receiving the Holy Ghost without laying on of hands in Acts 10:44-45
Request: Christian demographic statistics at the time of the reformation
What is the relation between the Logos of Greek Philosophy and the Logos in Christianity?
Is there a Catholic ceremony for virgins who are not nuns or sisters?
What is the Catholic Church's position of a marriage between a menopausal woman and an impotent man?
Are there any positive statements of the golden rule in extra-biblical literature?
Absent the original golden plates, which translation of the Book of Mormon is considered to be the "official" version?
Is the English translation of "Book of Mormon" ever revised or updated, and if so, on what basis given that the golden plates have disappeared?
According to open theism, did God know that the crucifixion of Jesus would benefit anyone after him?
A older man and woman living under the same roof
Can a person lose salvation if publicly denies Jesus but keeps living a christian life? (Catholic)
What's up with Tobiah's dog?
What, if any, are some first-millenium mentions of prohibitions or approval of interracial or international marriages?
What is the difference between a Use and a Rite?
Does the Anglican Use have the capacity and resources to celebrate daily mass and if so, are there any Ordinariate communities which do?
What liturgical calendar does the Anglican Ordinariate follow?
Do good works always express saving faith in Christ, even when that faith is not explicit?
Do Lutherans believe that the sacraments are necessary for salvation (similar to Catholics), and if so, how do they reconcile this with Sola Fide?
Where did Roman Catholicism connect modern heresies with the Reformation?
According to Catholicism, why does Paul spend so much time arguing that the law doesn't apply, when Jesus seems to indicate that it does?
According to Protestantism why did God choose the persona of a Father?
How do Young Earth Creationists explain artifacts dated to 20,000 years ago or more?
Did some Christian sects ever hold the opinion that ritual slaughter was obligatory, before the 10th century?
According to the Catholic Church, does the spiritual sense of scripture change with the times?
According to the Catholic Church, why is God called “Father” (and not, say, “Mother”)?
Authenticity of the Pontius Pilate's letter to Tiberius Caesar?
Catholicism - Consequences of not believing in all dogmas
What is the understanding between the Genesis account and the book of Abraham account of creation? (LDS)
What was the amount of bread and wine used when Jesus did communion?
According to the Catholic Church, do conjoined twins have two souls?
Ezekiel on Egypt's 40 year desolation
Why is it a custom in Baptist Churches to vote on new congregation members?
According to a Catholic interpretation of the Bible, was Jesus being glib in Matthew 6:34?
Are there any Christian Restorationist denominations that believe their establishment was the fulfillment of Biblical prophecy?
What is the biblical basis for the belief that God loves individuals?
Where does the word 'Eloheim' originate from?
Do any Christian denominations believe God can annihilate his creation?
Fathers of the Desert story
Does Christianity allow eating pork and horse meat, which even though it is prohibited by the Jewish Law?
Prayer of Manneseh, not in the protestant bible?
How long are extraordinary ministers allowed to possess the Eucharist?
How is the situation of "divorce her quietly" in Matthew 1:19 according to Catholic?
Where was Joseph when Mary visited Jesus on the cross?
Is the Vulgate the official version of the bible for entire Catholic Church, or just the Latin Church?
How did the threefold distinction of Deacon, Priest and Bishop come about?
Reading the Bible Literally
What constitutes a half-tribe?
What is the history behind/Origin of the doxology that often gets added to the end of the Lord's prayer?
Why aren't some words like "Maranatha" or "Talitha Cumi" translated in English Bibles?
To the Calvinist, what does it mean that in the beginning God already has His object of wrath?
What is the difference between Consubstantiation and Impanation?
Why are the civilly married not allowed confession in the Catholic Church?
Old Portrayal of St Michael the Archangel
Do Mormons believe in the Virgin birth taught in the Bible? (LDS)
What does Paul mean when he says "rather we uphold the law"
Do heterodox have a guardian angel as well? (Eastern Orthodox perspective)
How is Article XVII of the Articles of Religion defended by Arminians?
What's up with churches and guitars in this joke from The Big Bang Theory?
Mark and Romans: are these the same Rufus?
Could a Catholic priest potentially use a digital tablet (iPad, etc.) for the Lectionary or the Book of the Gospels during mass?
How is one expected to ask for a dispensation to miss Sunday mass due to work obligations?
Is there a canon law for what to do if a hostage situation breaks out while consecrating the Eucharist?
To the Calvinist, is Romans 9:21 potter story based on Jeremiah 18:4?
"You are dust and to dust you shall return" versus resurrection of the body (Catholic perspective)
Need help identifying a relic
Does the Catholic Church have to submit to an approved private revelation?
How do Trinitarians interpret John 14:10?
What did John Wycliffe teach about the fate of infants who die?
How do Catholics interpret Romans 10:9-13?
How does ordination confer priestly powers to Catholic priests?
How is the Vulgate rendering of Romans 5:12 explained (Roman Catholic perspective)?
Why isn't supralapsarianism's first decree to create?
Do any conservative Baptist churches recognize infant baptisms despite not performing them?
What is an overview of non-literal methods of interpreting the Bible in Christianity?
Which denominations teach that Christ received the Holy Spirit at His Baptism by John?
Why is the sin of the fallen angels unforgivable? (Catholic catechism)
What is the biblical defence used by Anglicans to appoint female vicars/bishops?
Apart from Milan is there any other Roman Catholic place where Lent does not start on Ash Wednesday?
Do Orthodox churches offer daily Mass?
Is it ok to pray different prayers in conjunction to one another?
Did St. Thomas Aquinas write anything about historiography?
Are there any Lutherans that have a different view about Salvation?
Was any of Flavius Josephus' work relevant to the Council of Nicea?
What is the theological basis both body and blood being present in both the eucharist host and the wine? (Catholic perspective)
Does the Russian Orthodox Church venerate the saints of the Orthodox Church in America?
Why did St. John Paul II add the Luminous Mysteries to the Rosary?
Not understanding the meaning of the song Resurrecting by Elevation Worship
What books are in a modern Peshitta?
Does the Catholic Church quote any saying of Jesus to which His question in John 14:2 can be attributed?
Why is the interlocking-squares (gammadia) a symbol of the Melchizedek Priesthood?
What is the prayer of faith as recorded in James 5:15?
Does Roman Catholicism teach that appearances of *Santo Nino De Atocha* have some particular meaning?
According to Catholicism, can the saints be given the title "co-mediator of Grace"?
What is the eastern Catholic and Eastern Orthodox understanding of mortal and venial sin?
According to Calvinists, why did God say what He did to Cain in Genesis 4:7?
Where did the formula, "Good works are the fruits of faith," originate?
Why would Catholics believe that being kind to one's father will bring reparation for sins?
What is the Biblical evidence in favor of a pre-incarnate Jesus?
Looking for the source of a Cardinal Ratziger quote regarding the liturgy
What do Catholic traditions say was the real name of St Thomas?
When was the actual Transfiguration of Christ?
What steps has the Catholic Church taken as a whole to address a shortage of priests?
How can a supplicant offer "the first wounds, the first pains and the first bloodshed"?
What exactly is the process of becoming a Jesuit?
Were plenary indulgences issued during the crusades, as indicated by Dan Brown?
What is the standard length of assignments for Catholic priests in parishes?
When did Paul receive Holy Orders?
Has the Bible ever been translated into Egyptian Hieroglyphics?
Some questions concerning Aramaic in the Old Testament
Why did St. Peter propose to make different tents at the time of Christ's Transfiguration? (Catholic perspective)
What are some of the recent doctrinal controversial matters in the Eastern Orthodox Church?
Married man becoming Latin Rite Catholic priest if giving up sex?
To what extent did BC gentiles have access to the Old Testament?
Regarding women participation in extraordinary ministry (Roman-Catholic Church)
Is it appropriate (as a Catholic) to make the sign of the cross when passing an Eastern Orthodox, Oriental Orthodox or Church of the East church?
What liturgical languages were used in the worldwide church/broad christiandom around 500 AD?
If Jesus Christ is supposedly part of the trinity how come he didn't even know when the hour would come
To the Catholic, is the Saviour is in a form of historical time?
Where does Jonathan Edwards describe his expectations of the second coming of Jesus?
Can Orthodox Church members be extraordinary ministers in the Roman Catholic rite?
What is the biblical basis for the belief that man is no longer made in God's image?
Why did the disciples have to be silent about the supernatural event of the Transfiguration? (Catholic perspective)
What differences are there between the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox understanding of the sacrament of marriage?
What is the theological difference between conviction and condemnation?
According to Reformed Theology, how does one make disciples?
From a Roman Catholic point of view, what should a Protestant chaplain do for a dying Catholic?
What is a "just cause" in the context of Code of Canon Law, Canon 308?
Are there aspects of the Imitation of Christ that are biased towards a Devotio Moderna perspective? What are some of them?
Why Does Passover "Skip" Over Easter?
How do Catholics defend the apparent errors found in the deuterocanonical books?
What are some sources of March, 25th being the date of the creation of the world, or of the creation of Adam and Eve, or of their disobedience?
How much money does the Christian Church save because of religious tax exemption in the United States?
Absolution for daughter
What is the difference between a priest and a pastor?
Are Catholics not supposed to pray the St. Michael Prayer?
Marriages that are blessed (convalidated) and Holy Communion
Are any fundamental Protestant beliefs historically heretical?
Why do LDS cross their arms during prayer?
What is the Calvinist view of Christians with different levels of loving God?
Is it the idea of Platonism that describes the mind-body distinction in 1 Cor 6?
How is the "spirituality of the church" consistent with theonomy?
Are LDS required to take their hats off when they pray?
Why are there different sects of Christianity?
Is God's sovereignty a term associated with Reformed theology?
When will be the end of the Catholic Church on earth by definition?
What is the Biblical support for praying for the dead?
Prior to 1900 were there any depictions of Satan in Christian art as a woman/female?
In the Catholic or Orthodox tradition, did Jesus appear to his mother after death?
What are common ways for contemporary Christians to fast?
According to Roman Catholicism, is a person required to fast?
Can a male Catholic and a female Non Catholic have their marriage blessed at the Sacristy?
Why did Jesus use parables to teach?
The first premise of the Kalam Cosmological Argument for the existence of God
In view of Mark 9:1 why say the kingdom of God will come at Jesus' second coming?
Using the invitatory at the office of Vigils
How many Christian denominations are there?
Spectrum of Interpretation on Great Flood
What oil was used at the time of James?
Acts 11:26 regarding the word Christian?
Is it permissible for a Catholic to believe in Miaphysitism?
Why is the number 40 so common in the Bible?
What, exactly, happened to the good thief on the cross, and why? (Catholic perspective)
What do Jehovah's Witnesses believe about other Bible translations?
What does Paul grieving over the Corinthians imply?
Can I be baptized as a non-Catholic Christian if I was baptized as a Catholic when I was little?
Are Catholics allowed to celebrate the Reformation?
What happens to Lutherans who become Catholic?
God's free will - biblical and other arguments
Has the Catholic Church made any comparative study of the faith of Martha vis-a-vis that of Mary?
Can a pope name his successor?
How and when did the penal substitutionary view become popular? How popular today is it?
Did the Christian bible corrupt Isaiah verse 8:23
What are some scholarly biblical arguments for theistic evolution?
Was Lazarus of Bethany a bachelor?
What is the Catholic/Anglican understanding of how the Sacrament of Reconciliation began?
Why did Peter, James and John (all three) appear to Joseph Smith?
Where did the idea that Catholics can have a break from their Lenten discipline on Sunday originate?
According to Reformed theology, does God show special favor to some believers?
Why did no New Testament books mention AD70?
Why were Pseudo-Dionysius's works accepted as authentic for so long?
Identifying General and Universal Magisterium
How have Churches interpreted handing people over to Satan?
Did Moses leave his wife and kids? If so, why?
At what point is a person considered to be married to someone else?
Seeking a graphic or flowchart of the history of the formation of Christian denominations
Do married couples need to live sexually?
What are some uses of the Magnificat, Benedictus and Nunc Dimittis in the Eastern Rites?
Not Tithing Is Stealing? (Baptist perspective)
Is the Russian Orthodox Church pressing the government of Russia to ban Jehovah's Witnesses?
Offering Indulgences to the Poor souls in Purgatory
Which Jesus' movie is shown in this image?
Is it accurate to say Jehovah's Witnesses do not view Jesus as divine?
Israel without spears and the value of a shekel
What is the biblical basis for the idea that God stores our prayers?
When did Jesus preach from inside a building?
Purgatory for those who are saved outside The Church
From the perspective of Roman Catholicism, what do Orthodox churches have to do to become "Eastern Catholic Churches"?
What happens to Jesus when received in a unworthy manner in the Eucharist?
Do Catholics believe everything in the bible is true as written?
According to Jehovah's Witnesses, when/how do the 144,000 ascend to Heaven?
Will the Earth last forever? (Catholic perspective)
Was the Second Council of Quierzy (853) controlled by Hincmar against the Augustinians?
What verses focus on the prophecies that were fulfilled by Jesus being pierced on the cross?
When/where did the practice of giving abbreviated names/initialisms to Bible translations begin?
How much time did Jesus spend in Gethsemane?
Why is Good Friday not called Black Friday?
How did these people see God's face? (Catholic perspective)
Can a Catholic priest adopt a child?
Where were the two 'thieves' that were crucified at the same time as Jesus, laid to rest?
Is death a conscious act?
Good Urdu Translations of the Bible from the Masoretic and one of the Textus Receptuses, or just either?
How common were blasphemy accusations and trials among the Jews during the time of Jesus?
What does the Bible say about body art/tattos?
Can we treat sin with another sin?
According to Calvinists, is each person "dead in sin" at birth, or only after committing a sin?
What does the letters 'JHS' mean?
Have sons of Orthodox priests often taken over their fathers' ministries?
Wasn't Peter just trying to avoid getting caught when he denied Jesus three times?
I'm a practicing Roman Catholic, but considering attending a Greek Orthodox church instead of our local RC church. Will I be welcomed?
In which language did Pontius Pilate communicate with Jesus?
Is the Book of Enoch authentic?
" IN Quires and Places where they sing, here followeth the Anthem " (Book of Common Prayer 1662)
Biblical era gesture signifying peace between two parties?
Were humans created before the animals? (Catholic perspective)
Why was the Baptist Confession of Faith changed in 1986?
Need help with Latin Formula for an unusual Saint Benedict Cross
What relationship does the Harlem Gospel Choir have to Christianity?
Baptism in the Spirit
What does it really mean [not able not to sin] according to Augustine?
Why was Abraham better able to protect Sarah from Abimelech as her brother than as her husband?
Who is this member of the Catholic Church?
What is the Biblical basis for preachers to be paid from members' tithing?
What are the rules of Exorcism (Catholic Perspective)
How do liberal Protestants reconcile support for transgenderism with scripture?
According to those holding that Jesus was literally born of a virgin, why did Paul not mention it?
Is punishment for sins forgiven by baptism? (Catholic perspective)
Is brethren a currently used plural for brother (monks)?
Why is Jesus never portrayed as a child or as a teenager?
Why pray to Jesus and not to the Father? (Catholic perspective)
Which church father first taught the perpetual virginity of Mary?
Why such importance given to the hour of death?
In 1 Corinthians 1, who were Crispus and Gaius?
According to the Calvinist, how to choose which one is the meaning when the word Thanatos ---VS--- Neukros appear in a sentence?
What is the difference between Baptism of Jesus and Baptism of others?
Should a wife of permanent deacon candidate be a Catholic?
Is Matthew 17:24 a reference to the Fiscus Judaicus?
How prominent was "prosperity theology" in the early church?
The Mark 16:15 Command as Practiced by the Apostles
Looking for the right Church
Has the Catholic Church ever attempted a local substitute for the word Amen?
Is Satan's name Lucifer, Satanail, or Samuel?
Is there precedent for a carnivorous interpretation of Genesis 1:30?
What is the historical origin of the "Last Supper" expression?
What resurrection are they talking about? Matthew 22:28
Where did the phrases "God the Son" and "God the Holy Spirit" came from?
Which pre-Nicene Christians who helped shape the trinity doctrine are now considered heretics?
Actual days taken from Maundy Thursday to Crucifixion
Are there explicit statements in the New Testament about the purpose of life?
Did the early church accept lifelong, faithful concubinage?
Is God the Son's blood divine and infinite or human and finite (Protestant interpretation)
Catholics ordained as "mail order ministers"?
Is God the Son's blood divine and infinite or human and finite (Western Catholic)
Thomas a doctor?
Is every single minute of the year a mass being celebrated in the Roman Catholic Church? If so, since when?
Did St. Paul ever claim prophethood?
What is a good reference to explain the different protestant sects and denominations?
Pope John Paul II and the Agnus Dei sacramentals?
Does the Catholic Church teach there is only one person?
Which Christian denominations believe there is a biblical basis for hunting animals for sport?
Where to find the up to date catholic missals for each languages?
What are the conditions for removing excommunication of a married priest?
Is there a co-relation between the name or Bethlehem and Jesus' teachings?
In consideration of Numbers 23:19, can God be a human? (Catholic perspective)
What is the biblical basis for a pretribulation rapture?
Are there any existent military orders?
What is the name of this disciple of Jesus in the English language?
They will see but will remain blind
What were the topics of discussion which Jesus had at the Temple? (Catholic perspective)
What are the duties of a Pope? Can a pope be "good" or "bad" in this perspective?
Why would orthodox Christians consider Christian Science unorthodox if it essentially a mix of Augustine and healing?
Did Jesus die on the cross crucified or was he hung to death from a tree?
What is the difference between the two creations of humans, according to those who believe they are in chronological order?
How could Jesus be descended from the royal line of David if he was born of the Virgin Birth?
Do Christians believe the gospels were written by some of 12 apostles?
What is the New Testament basis for capital punishment?
What was the original rosary?
Who is the great prophet in Luke 7:16?
How to propose a change in a prayer?
Variances in the sacrament of confession
Why is St Martin "in-the-Fields"?
What prompted the change in Christian attitude towards usury?
Which is the book in the Protestant Bible containing most quotes of verses from other Bible books?
Why is the perpetual virginity of Mary important in Eastern Orthodoxy?
How do Modalist and Oneness Pentecostals interpret Revelation 3:12?
What part do Monks play in the Christian church?
Will the faithful eat and drink after resurrection?
How do Christians reconcile this passage?
In what way has belief in the Trinity decreased?
Are there any other judgments of Solomon in Christian tradition?
Are there any Christian sects that believe in "curative intercourse"?
What is the earliest manuscript of the Gloria in excelsis Deo (Greater Doxology) hymn?
Why did Magdalena use her hair to dry Jesus' feet?
What was the early Coptic doctrine for beliefs in the afterlife?
If someone doesn't know about Christianity, and they sin, do they go to hell?
Does the love of God fulfil the Law, or keep the Law, or both? (Reformed view)
Are there passages in the synoptic gospels that could be used to support faith alone?
According to Orthodox Christianity, did God die on the cross at Calvary?
Does the Catholic Church perform non-civil marriages in the Dominican Republic?
Why did Theodore of Mopsuestia interpret John 20:28 as an exclamation?
Does the Catholic Church officially claim that the Bible is insufficient without tradition?
Who was Cain afraid of?
How do Mormons interpret Daniel 2:44?
Why is Jesus' lineage different in Matthew and Luke?
Are there any universally accepted or non-Abrahamic based records in history that have mentions of longevity of prophets?
Matthew Henry's Commentary on the Unfaithful Wife
Is God the Son the God of God the Son?
According to the LDS, is Jesus "the Son" or "the Father"?
Concept and permanence of hell and the "outer darkness" according to LDS beliefs
Noun for a person who believes in ordinances?
What is the earliest systematic New Testament commentary?
Toddler song about heaven
Has the Categorical Imperative ever been denounced by the Catholic Church
If war were to break out between Russia and USA, would Russian Mormons fight against the USA?
Do Catholics object to autopsy?
Is the ICOC trinitarian?
Can a priest add his own prayers to the Mass after the dismissal?
What is a good starting point for a study of the early Church?
Why was Jesus amazed by the Syrophoenician women's faith?
Under what basis does the Catholic Church consider animals, in particular great apes, not to be persons?
How do Mormons understand 2 Nephi 5:16 in light of 2 Nephi 5:15?
The history of the Confession sacrament
Why does Justin Martyr say that those who are unworthy of seeing God will become imprisoned in animal bodies?
What was the role of Christianity in establishing Monogamous societies?
Why is the Feast of the Visitation held on May 31st, during the Easter/Pentecost season?
According to Orthodox trinitarianism, can the Father exist without the Son or Holy Spirit?
Has there been any major discussion in Catholicism about whether Christ smiled or laughed?
Did Jesus forgot that he was asked by his disciples where he was going?
Where did Swedenborg believe man originated from?
How can an atheist or Jew Baptize?
How does the Swedenborgian Church interpret Psalm 110:1 and Mark 15:34?
Who learned that Abraham would even sacrifice his son in Genesis 22:11?
Can a Christian eat semi cooked or red-blood running meat?
What was the first name of Barabbas whom Pilate let off from the prison?
Why was the epistle of Clement to Corinth not considered canonical?
Ruth 'the wife of Mahlon' or Elimelech?
Who has the power to annul marriages in the Catholic Church?
Is the American version of the "Father Abraham" song anti-Christian?
Biblical basis for Heaven *not* being a physical place?
Which Christian denomination removed trinitarian language from the hymn "Holy, Holy, Holy"?
Early Christian Reaction to Muhammad
Converting from Russian Orthodox to Roman Catholic in 1820
How do "once saved, always saved" advocates explain the Parable about wise virgins?
Is there any significance to the aside in Luke 23:12, regarding Pilate and Herod?
How does an unconfirmed Catholic engaged person get confirmed before marriage?
According to Catholicism, is repeatedly visiting a Protestant church a mortal sin?
What is a mystical experience according to Catholicism?
Did Pope Francis say that the Gospel is radical?
What planet do Mormons think God the Father was born on?
Have there been any Christian writings on the genetics of Jesus?
Did the conversion of Paul occur before or after the Ascension?
Did the LDS ever recognize non-LDS polygamous marriages?
Schism leading to present day Christian Churches?
Do Jehovah's Witnesses have membership fees or how are they funded?
According to Mormons, why did God make Eve's childbearing painful?
How does a full preterist interpret the 'Thousand-years reign' in Revelation 20
Has the Roman Catholic Church ever officially condemned the Croatian Ustashi?
Has Pope Francis indicated a position on the use of genetically modified mosquitoes for the control of Zika?
What Bible translations are accepted by Mormons?
Sponsors of converts to Catholicism
What is the earliest known instance of a petition directed to Mary?
What record is there of a canon of Scripture having been set at the First Ecumenical Council?
What is the earliest reference to the notion that we killed Jesus?
How do the Eastern Orthodox view using the term 'catholic', particularly in regard to Roman Catholicism?
What is the Roman Catholic view on using the term 'orthodox', particularly in regard to Eastern Orthodoxy?
Catholic baptized in another church
At what point did the Roman See start self-identifying as the Catholic Church?
At what point did the Eastern Church start self-identifying as the Orthodox Church?
Do Mormons believe that black skin originated as a curse by God?
Is a word [letter] and [scripture] in 2 Peter 3:16 the same meaning?
Was there a different method of counting of age at the time of events of Old Testament? (Catholic perspective)
Is there any extra-biblical evidence of tongues from the first, or even second, century?
Ephesians 2:2, which one comes first in the Catholic view?
Catholic restricted from Communion
Are there involuntary Catholics?
What were the Jehovah's Witness arguments against doing the Nazi salute?
Was St. John Chrysostom Pelagian?
Did Pelagius or Pelagians in General Deny Orthodox Christology
How does "Lead us not into temptation" need to be interpreted?
Have Jehovah's Witnesses always been politically neutral?
What objective, foolproof method do Eastern Orthodox have for working out which side is correct in the case of a Schism?
According to Reformed theology, why does God tell people to repent if they don't have the choice to do so, as in Exodus 10:3?
How can 1 Corinthians 15:3 be reconciled with Calvinism and limited atonement?
Have Jehovah's Witnesses' top leadership made a "vow of poverty"?
Does "Being in schism" merely imply mutual excommunication? (Catholic perspective)
1 Corinthians 11:18, what kind of divisions actually?
Do Jehovah's Witnesses have anyone recognized as a "prophet", or what kind of titles do they use?
Weight of importance on the belief that Jesus is Michael for Jehovah's Witnesses?
What is the Biblical basis for the doctrine of the Trinity consisting of different persons?
Jeremiah's seventy years
How do Mormons interpret Psalm 110:1 and Matthew 22:41-45?
Do Jehovah's Witnesses believe in ghosts (or what-ever these may be)?
Catholic orders controlling diocesan territory
A canon priest's impressive clothing
Since Mormons believe in multiple earth-like planets, do they believe that the "fall" was likewise needed on each of them?
Is cleanliness next to Godliness?
What are Babylon The Great and the scarlet coloured beast according to Mormons?
What is the biblical basis for the belief that some people will live eternally on earth?
Adam and Eve, and the 10 Commandments
In Catholicism, does the efficacy of the sacrament depend on the intention of the priest?
It Still Confuses Me: Who can receive Communion where (Catholic/Orthodox)?
What event does Revelation 17:16, 17 refer to according to Mormons?
In the Catholic Church, is there specific canon law on voluntary excommunication?
Who first understood the "authorities" in Romans 13 as spiritual, not secular, authorities?
Do Mormons secretly pray about you and then consider you included in their church?
Can any catholic rite call themself Roman Catholic?
Oldest monasteries where natural science is still practiced?
Did Voltaire actually say "If you want to kill Christianity, you must abolish Sunday"?
Mormon perspective on "Heavenly Father", "Heavenly Mother" and "Holy Ghost"
Can the devil be considered guilty?
How do Catholics understand Matthew 10:37?
Which faiths are accepted for membership in the Catholic Church?
Mormon understanding of what kind of bodies people have in heaven
Did Mormons have a "blood oath" ceremony before April 1990?
Ephesians 2:2, which one comes first in the Calvinist view?
What is the Mormon view of Matthew 7:13-14?
What is (the source of) this quote about God's turning any evil into good?
Do Christians Believe Persecution is a Part of Their Identity?
On the body of Satan and Holy Ghost and angels according to Mormons
If God cannot cause or be evil how did he send an evil spirit to Saul?
Jesus was dead for close to 36 hours, what happened to trinity?
3 Nep 20:24 - Why does Jesus Christ mention Samuel specifically?
Which non LDS Christian denominations believe in baptism after death?
Under what conditions can one experience the power of the Holy Ghost?
According to Mormons, what is the benefit received from paying tithes and following the temple ceremonies?
What were the "sons of God" in Genesis 6, according to Mormons?
How do molinists justify a world where not everyone freely chooses salvation?
According to Trinitarianism, is Jesus God Almighty?
What exactly is a liber ordinarius?
What does it mean to hate your life and keep it for eternity?
Reason for the references to Christ hundreds of years before first century, in Book of Mormon
When Saint Rita was born, how old was her mother?
Mormon view of the wrong action committed by angels according to 1 Peter, 2 Peter, and Jude
What are the first references to a tradition of fasting before partaking of the Lord's Supper?
Who are the hypocrites associated with fasting in the Didache?
What is the basis of not following Halakha?
Can the faithful receive Holy Communion on repenting after committing a grave sin?
When did the Latin Catholic Church begin to generally require fasting only one hour prior to the Eucharist?
Why isn't there a Joseph Smith Translation of Luke 23:43?
How do "faith alone" proponents interpret James 2:24?
Does the Orthodox Church accept the Athanasian Creed?
Source of the view that the human will is necessitated but not coerced
Does Christianity recommend learning other languages or dealing with non-christians?
Do Mormons believe in the immortality of the soul?
Are there documented reports about Jews around the time of Jesus? And what did they say about the first christians?
What did the Centurion mean by ' the word '?
Mormon concept of 1 Timothy 6:16
To the Calvinist, does Phillipians 1:29 mean that all the Philippians will go to heaven because all of them have already been elected?
When and why did Jewish Christian separate from "mainstream" Christianity?
Is God more just than he is love? (Catholic perspective)
According to the Catholic Church, how do you perform an examination of conscience?
Is keeping kosher impermissible?
What is this (presumably Catholic) uniform?
In what sense they don't have life in them? John 6:53-57
Rapture according to Mid-Tribulation Theory
What is the difference between "Catechism" and "Canon Law" in Catholicism?
What is the biblical basis for in the catholic theology of a priest being in "persona christi"?
Why were the apostles still going to the temple for prayer and rituals?
How did James Orr's view of the inspiration of the Bible differ from B. B. Warfield's?
What was the most likely method of crucifixion that was used on Jesus?
When did the word "Catholic" become a proper noun?
If you are a cardinal, does that mean that you are an immediate successor to a dead or resigned pope?
Why were Saul's descendants killed?
Why the Western European style names?
Was Paul's Relationship with Jewish Leadership Close Enough to Act as Their Agent?
Did biblical polygamy ever involve group sex?
State of Grace and Demonic Possession
What was Jesus wearing while drying the disciples' feet?
What is mortal sin? Is agression a mortal sin?
Who was Jasher, the author of a book referenced in the bible?
What New Testament passages clearly show "healing | ἰάομαι" indicates a spiritual (not physical) healing"?
If baptism cleanses original sin then why do the children of baptised parents still need to be baptised?
What did the fathers of the early church think of Tertullian?
From a LDS perspective, when does the Holy Ghost get a Physical Body?
What does "Tres Personae" mean in Tertullian's "Una Substantia Tres Personae"?
God's presence in the temple during Jesus' earthly ministry
What are some comprehensive, reliable resources to learn about the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church?
Do the "Anathemas" Pronounced in the Council of Trent still stand today?
When a Jehovah's Witness is reinstated how does the congregation react?
How is the "perpetual" excommunication of Acacius by Felix III currently understood in Catholicism?
Have any Wesleyan theologians compared Outler's Quadrilateral to PaRDeS?
the word "ascended" and what does it mean "No one has ascended into heaven" in John 3:13?
If A = x and B = x and C = x then why isn't A = B = C? (Trinity)
What is Gideon's ephod, and why did he build it?
According to dispensationalism, why will Satan follow what is written in Revelation?
What qualifies the 3 entities of the Trinity as one?
Did Martin Luther ever admit that his approval of Philip's bigamy was wrong?
Protestant Interpretation of John 20:23 in Light of Matthew 9:8?
According to literal dispensationalism, how does the short time of Rev. 12:12 last for 2,000 years or more?
What do Seventh Day Adventists believe about baptism?
The Interim Roman Missal of 1965?
According to Reformed - 1 Corinthians 11:29-30, the words [weak, sick, died] literal or not?
What is the biblical basis for women being created in the image of God?
Did Jesus really had to be God for the atonement of sin to work?
What was the name of the Pharaoh during the time of Moses?
What does "people of good will" mean in Encyclicals?
How can a non-Catholic get into state of grace as understood by the Catholic Church?
What impact did the False Decretals have on Gratian's collection of Canon law?
What, according to Catholic Church, does the name "Son of Man" signify?
In John 1:45–51, did Jesus prophesy that Nathanael was one of the 144,000 Jews in Revelation 7 and 14?
What is the significance of the Eucharist's sacramental species?
In Korean Protestantism, what is the position of Kwonsa?
If the second person of the triune god bears witness of himself, why is it not true?
Earliest use of the term triune
Who first associated the fourth beast of Daniel 7 with the Roman Empire?
Praise and Worship, what is the difference?
What are the written signs referred to in John 20:31?
What is the best way to distinguish when God (the son) is talking in His human nature or in His divine?
Have any Christian theologians discussed whether Jesus resembled Joseph?
What does it mean of 1 Corinthians 2:8
What was Esther’s relationship to Mordecai?
Are these citations from St. Ignacius of Loyola?
What did Luther and Calvin believe about "Lucifer" in Isaiah 14?
What defined the ownership of a treasure in Jesus' time?
Is there reference to Jesus or the main Biblical characters outside the Bible?
What is the biblical basis for the belief that Jesus' death made satisfaction for individual sins?
I'm looking for the title of a Children's cassette, late 80s or early 90s
Do Mormons believe that we currently live near the time when Jesus would return?
Did JWs believe in trinity and immortality of the soul before they got their own Bible?
According to Roman Catholicism, was the 1054 excommunication of the Patriarch of Constantinople valid, in light of Leo IX's death?
What's the significance of this image for Jehovah's Witnesses?
According to Baptist teachings, what are the actual precepts God requires of us who are his?
What is the premise from which "the greater works" promise was made by Jesus?
Is there a term for children whose parents' marriage ends with nullity?
Catholicism: Does a second marriage become valid when the previous spouse dies
What is the status of Humbert's views on the efficacy of sacraments in Catholicism?
What is the difference between an apostle and a disciple?
In the Catholic Church, what are the options for a person whose spouse abandons them?
What was the basis for saying that 11th-century Greek churches were "rebaptizing" Latins?
Salvation for Protestants who knowingly reject Catholicism?
According to the Catholic Church, is a marriage consummated if the couple had premarital sex?
How does the Reformed tradition understand Philippians 2:6-9 as it regards the Hypostatic Union?
How does the Catholic Church view Penal Substitutionary Atonement?
Does 1 Corinthians 8:6 prove Unitarianism?
Do saints and church fathers generally make the claim that most people go to a hell of everlasting torment?
The Resurrection: early Jewish writings on it?
Who shall not taste of death? Matthew 16:28, Mark 9:1, Luke 9:27
According to Trinitarian theology of Calvinism, was the Word (2nd person of the Trinity) missing from heaven when He (the Word) incarnated on Earth?
According to Roman Catholic teaching, did Martin Luther's alterations to the order of the Mass invalidate his consecration of the elements?
Do Mormons in European countries also sing patriotic American songs?
What is the specific biblical factor that makes homosexuality a sin and not heterosexuality?
Did Jesus wear tsitsiyot?
Omniscience, Omnipotence and Modern Science
Is the Patriarch of Alexandria an Eastern Orthodox or an Oriental Orthodox?
Is the emotion of sexual passion a result of the fallen state? (Catholic perspective)
What role do the people of Rome play in the election of a pope?
When is "Thanks Be to God" said in the mass?
To what extent do Mormons believe that miraculous healing happens in our days?
Meaning of the original Hebrew of "thou shall not" in the ten commandments
What is the biblical basis for Christians being instructed to tithe (10%) of their income to the modern day 'church'?
How are 3 days/nights in grave prophecy reconclied if Jesus died on Good Fri & arose Sun?
What part did the Psalms play in Jewish worship?
Is the Catholic teaching regarding the definition of mortal sin de fide?
What was the difference between Ratramnus's view of the Eucharist and that of Calvin?
Were we to remain in the Garden of Paradise forever if Adam had not sinned?
Don't understand the Trinity doctrine
According to Reformed Theology, why do unbelievers deserve punishment?
What Saints have given guided written meditations?
What type of angel was the Morning Star?
How do Mormons view this prophecy Joseph Smith seemingly added about himself in Genesis 50:33?
What are the Biblical arguments against man having an immortal soul separate from the body?
Has the Catholic Church responded to the apparent implausibility of a census as described in Luke?
I'm looking for an obscure version of John 4:32
Do any Theistic Evolutionists deny the possibility of (intelligent) life on other planets for Biblical reasons?
How did Paul learn the gospel?
Can the laity use exorcised salt? If so, what are the rules for the proper use, handling, and storage of exorcised salt?
How do Theistic Evolutionists who are Christians reconcile these Scriptures with the adoption of evolutionary theory?
Is asceticism defendable under a Christian world view?
According to the Catholic Church, why did Mary go with haste to visit Elizabeth?
What influence did Greco-Roman philosophy have on the doctrine of "creatio ex nihilo"?
What is an overview of what the kinds of things the beast in Revelation represents?
Is the resolution not to sin again a must for absolution?
Why does God say we shouldn't eat Crab & Pork but Jesus says that doesn't really matter
How can we identify, sometimes, the angel of the Lord as God if the prophets also spoke as God?
What is the full meaning of Mathew 24:36-51 from a view of Methodists or Baptist
Is God the Son's divine nature human?
Why do Catholics believe transubstantiated host may still affect the gluten sensitive?
As Christians are we called to convert people who have no Faith in anything or Faith in different religion. Baptist/Methodist
Are we in the Messianic Age? (Catholic perspective)
According to Reformed Theology, how is Compatibilism different than Hard Determinism?
How did the pattern of church today come to be?
Is the validity of the ransom contingent on Jesus being God?
How does one reconcile the changelessness of God with Jesus' incarnation?
Are we blessed when people hurt us?
How do trinitarians interpret John 8:58?
Is healing with honey mentioned in the Bible?
Do Unitarians believe in the same number of books? Do they reject certain verses?
What is the difference between a denomination and a movement?
Why is the term "hymn" used so frequently to refer to "old-church-hymns?"
Were Christians in the Roman Empire known to rescue abandoned babies?
What is an overview of different denominations' beliefs about how Jesus Christ performed miracles? (By the Holy Spirit or by something else?)
Was Psalms 45:6 Mistranslated?
Is there any institution that has translated or is translating the Bible to Indian languages from Textus Receptus?
When and how can a pope revoke the decrees of an ecumenical council?
How can we reconcile Judges 10:13 with Numbers 23:19?
Transition from a natural to a sacramental marriage
is Adam no longer the son of God?
Have cardinals ever been deprived of revenue or rations for taking too long to elect a pope?
Could there have been a different translation for Matthew 14:28? (Catholic perspective)
Was everyone who worked on the tabernacle given the Spirit?
Is there a specific purpose in placing a hot coal to your lips?
Do any early Church Fathers record the event of the ceasing of spiritual gifts?
What is the Jehovah's Witness perspective on salvation?
Does the JEDP Theory propose that the Scriptures are not inerrant/inspired?
How has Roman Catholic Confession changed throughout the centuries?
According to Catholicism, did Moses believe in the Trinity?
1852 Das Buch Mormon text
How many New Testament Manuscripts do we have from the period between the first century and the fourth century?
What Scriptures was Paul referring to in 1 Corinthians 15:3-4
How would different Protestant denominations reconcile Matthew 5:19 with the notion of being saved by grace?
What did Jesus mean by 'going for a second mile '?
Was the near-stoning of the adulterous woman something to be considered common practice, or was it strictly to trick Jesus?
Identifying a Saint on a Greek icon?
What was the difference between Berengar's view of the Eucharist and that of Zwingli?
What scriptural arguments for the Trinity were used in the First Council of Nicea?
According to Catholicism, is it possible for the Devil to kill someone?
Did any of the Church Fathers think the current-day Gospels were not inspired?
Which 20th-century Orthodox Christians said that the crusades were more oppressive than the Marxist anti-religious campaigns?
Why did Nehemiah need to tell us that the Queen was sitting beside the King?
How does Catholicism interpret Deuteronomy 13:1-11
Is it possible for Rome to fall, in the Catholic view?
How do Evangelicals explain when Paul writes "I, not the Lord"?
In Western communion services, when was the origin of the practice of consistently offering only the bread to the laity?
In light of Romans 3:23, how do Catholics support their belief that Mary was without sin?
No one has seen God
Why were Anabaptists called Anabaptists?
Which sacraments can be administered validly but illicitly?
The right to read a Catholic church's sacramental register
What is the translation methodology for the Nueva Versión Internacional (NVI)?
In John 20:17 does Jesus have a God?
Romans 6:5 and "Where's Wolfius?"
Why in the Roman Catholic Church does the sixth commandment differ between languages?
How do adherents of soul-sleep interpret the parable of Rich man and Lazarus (Lk 16:19–31)?
God's commandment to marry an unbeliever?
From Catholic perspective, what is the meaning of the tearing of the veil at the death of Christ?
What is the biblical basis against seeking medical advice?
From the Preterist (fulfilled eschatology) perspective, who was "the prince that shall come" of Dan. 9:26?
From the Reformed perspective, what is the meaning of the tearing of the veil in Matt. 27:51?
Is a marriage valid if couples got married invalidly?
In Reformed Covenant Theology, why does the covenant sign of circumcision pass away but the Abrahamic covenant of which it was the sign of does not?
How many commandments in the New Testament are in the imperative in the Greek?
Do catholics do exorcism only at night?
Paintings of the Holy Family with a young St. Joseph?
How old was St. Joseph when he married the Blessed Virgin Mary?
What is meant by the statement of Our Lady to St. Dominic according to the Catholic Church
What Defines an Early Church Father?
What is the origin of the Orthodox belief that Sts. Joseph and Mary were betrothed but not married?
What is achieved by baptism in Eastern Orthodoxy (compared with Catholicism)
If Eastern Orthodoxy sees marriage as an eternal and unbreakable bond, why do they permit divorce?
Is the Promise of Regeneration Enunciated in the Old Testament?
Does participating in an RCIA class require an initial commitment to convert to Catholicism?
Is there a good Swedish Bible Translation that's not the equivalent of the NIV?
Today shalt thou be with me in paradise
What are the differences between the ELCA and UCC?
Did the virgin Mary worship Jesus?
Why have Christians often had in their possession the Book of John as opposed to other books of the Bible?
Did Jesus work for a living?
What was Saint Thomas Aquinas's girding by the two angels?
When were the "three times a year" when one was supposed to receive communion?
Would men have ever sinned if Satan did not tempt Eve in the garden in the first place?
Are there any Antipope Saints aside from Hippolytus of Rome?
Anah contradictions in Genesis
According to full preterism, who is 'the dragon' and what are the differences between 'the dragon' and 'the beast'?
What is a "Daud of Sons" as stated in Definition of Faith of the Council of Chalcedon?
Tombs of Mattathias and Sons
What is Ultramontanism & Neo-ultramontanism?
Virgin Mary in Old Testament?
Did any church fathers after Chrysostom believe that Mary committed sin?
Annals of John Hyrcanus
According to dispensationalism, who is 'the dragon' and what are the differences between 'the dragon' and 'the beast'?
Early Church Fathers and "Q"
What is the justification used by the Nazarene denomination that permits women to be pastors/ elders?
Marriage between syrian catholics and roman catholics?
In which writings does Tertullian apply the concept of satisfaction to salvation?
Why does church tradition teach that one third of the angels fell with Lucifer when no verse supports that
Fr. Pedro de Corpa and Companions
Is a Roman Catholic allowed by Church law to receive sacraments from other Churches in full communion with Rome?
Is the Eastern Orthodox opposition to the Immaculate Conception an innovation?
What does Lev 18:18 "Rival Wife" Mean?
Were Prophets Moses and Aaron magicians?
How did attitues to the deutero-canonical books in the Western Churches change during the second millenium?
Can An Extraterrestrial Be A Christian?
Why did St Martin give half of his cloak, and didn't give the whole?
Can I have my marriage blessed in the Roman Catholic Church?
Did the early church devote themselves to prayer or to "the prayers", and if the latter, which prayers?
What did the commisioning of the preaching of crusades involve?
What is an overview of the perspectives on how a miracle is actually done?
Ephesians 1: 13-14 and falling from grace
What are arguments supporting "rapture" theory?
According to Calvinists, Luke 22:8 what date did it happen?
According to Catholics, when is Luke 22:8?
According to Lutherans, is it 13 or 14 or 15 Nissan when Luke 22:8 happen?
In Trinitarian theology who created the world?
How do the Personal Ordinariates differ from Anglicanism?
To the Protestant, what is the benefit of putting a cross inside the church?
When was papal supremacy accepted by the entirety of the Catholic Church?
Why did so many early church fathers say that sex was a consequence of the Fall?
How many hours does Jesus speak in the New Testament?
What is the/any Arminian/Catholic interpretation of Hebrews 10:14?
Would Jewish religious leaders have travelled by horse or camel i.e. Saul?
How did the doctrine of the pope having "supreme, full, immediate, and universal power in the care of souls" originate?
In John 8, were the scribes and pharisees guilty of the sin of Fornication / Adultery?
According to Calvinism, when and what happen during the Lord's Passover in the time of Moses?
Was there a judgment before the Last Judgment? (Catholic perspective)
What is the Catholic teaching on the use of animals?
Do we have or know of additional writings from the four Gospel Evangelists?
How do proponents of Original Sin support a strictly literal interpretation of Genesis
What was the early-Christendom position on attributing pagan names to Christian concepts (mainly god)? Was there opposition to doing this?
Was casting out of demons done in the Old Testament by any Prophets or was it started in the New Testament?
Why a soul needs to be in a state of grace when receiving the Eucharist?
Sunday or Saturday?
Was it common in Biblical and Early Church times to use sports for illustrating sermons and lessons (as Pope Francis and Paul did)?
Use of single and double quotation marks in Isaiah 7
What does the Bible teach about "fire" in the phrase "Hell fire"?
What is the Catholic belief concerning Deuteronomy 24:16
Why did Jesus not share the meanings of the parables? MARK 4:34
2 Samuel 12, David's son, and justice
Do all Catholic seminary schools require instruction in Latin and/or Greek?
Who was Jethro? What religion did he and his daughter Zipporah practice prior to her becoming the wife of Moses?
What is the meaning of CCC-135?
To the Lutherans ELCA, how is the Bible the word of God?
Did Paul hear Jesus teach in person?
Why was Solomon chosen as King instead of one of his brothers?
Was Barnabas' land ownership as a Levite against Mosaic Law?
To the YEC, did God make a single male/female pair of each kind of animal?
Author's words in Proverbs 5:20 compared to his way of living?
In Catholic theology is Yehovah the Father or all three persons?
What is the Roman Catholic Church doctrinal justification of its perceived opposition or support of the independence of Catalonia?
Is this appropriate to give to a Jehovah Witness?
Who first addressed a religious male or female with "brother" or "sister," respectively?
What is the take of Catholic Church on the dream of Pilate's wife?
According to Protestants, why was Mary troubled at the greeting of Gabriel?
Could a cardinal or pope have children if they are a widower?
Is it possible to describe Christian lifestyle?
Did Martin Luther express his views on suicide?
Did Luther ever acknowledge that his Catechism would require textual changes as language evolves?
Does Christianity believe in reincarnation?
Does Christianity have any connections to the Hinduism?
What is the process for remarried couples to convert to Catholicism?
To the LCMS Lutherans, how is the Bible the word of God?
In what sense do Presbyterians consider Christ's sacrifice "perfect"?
How do proponents of the Prosperity Gospel interpret Matthew 19:24?
What is the Catholic Church's teaching on embryo adoption?
Are there non-medical miracles that can get a person beatified/canonized?
How are Orthodox monastic names chosen?
How does reformed theology reconcile the universal resurrection with limited atonement
Is the 'Ho' in Hosanna! connected in any way to the 'ho' in Jehovah?
What is the textual evidence from the Bible that the resurrection for believers happens in stages (a Dispensationalist View)?
Why does Roman Catholicism reject reincarnation?
How would a Calvinist interpret Matthew 13:37-40?
What was the origin of repeated confession of fault during the Act of Contrition?
Are all humans in Heaven equal or is there also a kind of hierarchy? (Roman Catholic perspective)
Did a Seventh Day Adventist start the Jehovah Witness organization?
Refute perceived differences in the Gospel between Peter and Paul from Sola Scriptura perspective
What is meant by "the first will be the last and the last will be the first"?
According to Reformed theology are the Psalms suitable preaching/prayers/songs for Christians?
Is there a Catholic council that established the dogma that the eschaton is in "Heaven" rather than in the Promised Land?
According to Catholic theology are the Psalms suitable preaching/prayers/songs for Christians?
Is there a German version of the Message Bible?
Question on "The Forged Origins of the New Testament" and Josephus
Did the 1983 Code of Canon Law change the law on celebrating/receiving the Eucharist in a state of serious sin?
Which Latin manuscripts were used by the KJV translators?
How did Elijah know he was going to be taken up to heaven?
Was Tetzel robbed by a man who had preemptively bought an indulgence?
How would a Reformed theologian distinguish his or her view of atonement?
Evidence that Peter alone was made a Bishop by Christ?
Meaning of the Parable of the Talents
Who was the first Devil's Advocate?
Abraham's bosom and Praying to Abraham
Where in the Biblical narrative does God first reveal himself as the only living and true god?
How was Solomon considered one of the wisest?
Were there indulgences sold for those who had no family when they died?
How did Karl Barth justify his relationship with Charlotte von Kirschbaum?
From reformed perspective, what does the oil in the foolish virgin's lamp represent?
How do Calvinists understand "anyone" in 2 Peter 3:9?
In LDS doctrine, what is the difference between the Holy Ghost and the Light of Christ?
Could Jesus have sweated actual blood in the garden of Gethsemane?
What are the historical arguments against a literal interpretation of Luke 22:44?
What does "one another" mean in John 13:35?
What is the biblical basis for Docetism?
What to do with a Nun’s silver wedding band?
Is Any New Testament Book Undisputed In Its Authorship?
Is Deism in Christianity possible? If so, what does it look like?
How was circumcision practiced in Jesus' time?
Reformed View of Titus 2:11 and Irresistible Grace
Is an out-of-the body-experience (OBE) possible according to the Catholic Church?
Understanding Zechariah's prophecy in Luke 1 as a Protestant, Evangelical Dispensationalist believer
Does faith cometh by hearing only as alluded to in Romans 10:17?
What to think of miraculous images? (Catholic view)
If God created the sun and the moon on the fourth day what had been lighting the earth for three days?
What Greek manuscripts were used for the KJV NT other than the Novum Instrumentum omne?
Can Patron Saints be "dethroned"?
What Evidence Is There That Saul/Paul Actually Killed Christians?
Looking for a verse like "if all the Jews repented at once the world would be saved"
Why do Saints Perform Less Miracles Over Time?
Why could not Mary Magdalene touch the resurrected body of Jesus?
Does the Catholic Church teach that we can choose when to use an indulgence?
According to Catholicism, what is the difference between forgiveness and release from punishment?
Were celebrations for the 400th Anniversary of the Reformation held in Germany during World War I?
Why did Luther not support iconoclasm like some other reformers?
What is the estimated membership of Eastern Lightning?
Did Jesus or any of the New Testament authors ever quote a textual variant?
What are the major criticisms of the NIV?
Who was Theophylact?
Did Martin Luther really nail his 95 Theses to the church door?
How long can the Catholic Church be without a pope?
Where is it documented that some people didn't want Gospel of John to be included as canonical?
Why did Katarina von Bora need to hide in a barrel to escape from her convent?
Did Calvin and Luther believe in free will?
How can a Church Theologically Justify not Paying Taxes?
Where do the 'nine rivers meet'?
According to Lutherans, do angels pray for us?
How does Catholicism contradict Brene Brown? (Lev 19:18) Practical implications?
What is the extra value of the body of Christ in the Eucharist when someone is already full of the Holy Spirit?
What are the sources concerning the deaths of Peter and Paul
Has Madonna been excommunicated by the Catholic Church?
If Christ took our sins on him, why do we still need an imputation of God's righteousness on us?
Why do we use the Hebrew name for Daniel, but Persian names for his companions?
Epiphaneus: “Martyrdom of Peter and Paul”
According to Lutherans, under what conditions (or at what moment) do the consecrated species cease to be the blood and body of Christ?
Are Lutherans comfortable with worshipping a consecrated host or do they consider it to be idolatry?
Where are the manuscripts of Dean John Burgon?
How will Satan rage in the hearts of the children of men? (LDS perspective)
Which Roman Catholic figure(s) has/have accused the Church of Mariolatry?
What are the general categories of benefits of being part of a denomination?
What does John 3:16 mean according to Calvinism?
Does the Roman-Catholic Church recognize the Quinisext Council?
According to Catholicism, is our world the only one?
How did Christians cultivate their knowledge of the Bible before mass-printing of the Bible?
How do monergists respond to Bible verses that support the doctrine of synergism?
Is the choice, or decision, to accept Salvation through Jesus Christ a Work?
Can a Catholic have communion if they married outside of the Catholic Church?
How do Seventh Day Adventists understand "a form of [a] God" in Philippians 2:6?
What do the names of the different hours of the divine office mean? Where do they come from? (Etymology)
How does the divine office compare between the different rites?
Can a person be forgiven outside of confession? (Catholic)
Who are the "Sons of Israel" mentioned in Numbers 28
What does Lutheranism teaches in regard the eastern orthodox doctrine of theosis?
Does any one know about this painting?
Who made the distinction between heaven vs. sky explicitly
Why didn't God forgive Saul when he asked for it?
Can Saints in Heaven Refuse to Pray for us?
Where is the martyrology in my breviary?
Luke 16:19-31—Is the rich man in Hell or Purgatory?
1 John 5:16 "you don't need to pray for that"?
What was the first recorded near death experience of a Christian claiming to have one?
According to Catholicism, will those who are alive on the Day of Judgement die physically?
Is the Pope allowed to notarize various Vatican documents?
According to Martin Luther, which Councils contradicted each other?
Do LDS believe other churches to be the church of Satan?
Can Papal Supremacy be relinquished?
Do Jehovah Witnesses believe that Jesus Christ returned to Earth in 1914, or has this teaching now been abandoned?
Is being asexual considered the same as having the virtue of Chastity?
How can I defend my position of being against homosexuality in front of unbelievers?
Where is the dust of the earth?
Why did Saul's sins lead to his rejection as King of Israel, but David's sins did not cost him his crown?
How can the existence of other species of the genus Homo be reconciled with Christian belief in the uniqueness of humankind? (Catholic perspective)
What do charismatic Christians actually mean by the phrase "tonight is an open heaven"?
Who does John 6:40 refer to according to Reformed theology?
Old Testament verses other than Genesis 3:15 speak of the "seed" of a woman. How, then, does it indicate a virgin birth?
Why were Saints risen after the death of Jesus?
What is the Biblical basis for the belief that God cannot be manipulated?
The rules on how and when people can wear a cross
What does the Bible verse saying "don't boil a goat in its mother's milk" mean?
Do OT scriptures clearly indicate sacrifices will be replaced?
Reformed Theology
What was meaning of `Talent' as used by Jesus in His parable?
What are the reasons for fasting from midnight before Eucharist?
Who is this Saint?
What is the Orthodox Position On Lack of Veneration for Mary in NT Epistles?
What do the Catholic officials intend to do for unity with the Orthodox Church? [2017]
Which denominations regulate how a cross is worn on the body?
Is Eastern orthodox christian is also called Jacobite?
Orthodox / Oriental Orthodox Reunion - What's the hold up?
Are there any surviving writings by Marcion or is everything we know of him what his enemies wrote of him?
How was the term 'The Cross' understood by the audience of Jesus? (Catholic perspective)
Did the pre-Christian Greek Bible contain only the five books of Moses?
According to Catholicism, is it a sin to participate in gambling such as State Lottery?
Since when have JWs said that United Nations will launch an attack on religion?
What denominations, besides JWs, hold that the Star of Bethlehem was sent by Satan?
What is the LDS Church's instruction concerning debt?
Are there any declarations of canonisation (Saints) reversed in history in the RCC?
Would Mormons accept communion, administered by a representative of another Christian denomination, as valid?
What is the biblical basis for the idea that the Bible cannot be understood without aid from God?
Why was it not necessary to break Jesus' legs during crucifixion?
Can anybody identify from which order these nuns are?
Do Mormons consider participating in game shows to be gambling?
Can we better love others by loving God? Catholicism
Is "You cannot love your neighbour unless you love yourself" a form of antinomianism?
Can Prince Harry marry his fiancée by the Church of England's precepts?
What are the main differences between Mormons and Jehovah's Witnesses?
After resurrection, which one (if any) of the Mormon heavens will be here on earth?
Would a JW be disfellowshipped if they join a military (and are unrepentant about it)?
Did the New World Translation lead to any doctrinal changes?
Why is masturbation not allowed while intercourse without the purpose of offspring is allowed in RCC?
What is the Biblical basis that God "cannot" act against his nature?
What do JW, Evangelicals and Mormons believe about hastening the Return of Jesus?
What was the general opinion of the Early Church Fathers concerning the giants/nephilims?
According to the Catholic Church, does God punish sinners?
Christ is true God and true Man... from when?
How is the divinity of Jesus defended in light of Philippians 2:9 ("God exalted him") and Matthew 28:18?
What is the purpose of the Penitential Rite in a Catholic Mass?
Did Jesus celebrate Hanukkah?
In a Venn diagram of the scriptures of Islam, Catholicism, and Judaism, what would be, roughly, the percentages of each portion?
Do Mormons have Sunday services?/What does the regular Mormon liturgy look like?
What fancy word describing a church's stance on the Eucharist most closely applies to Mormonism?
Given that Mormons believe the father has a physical body, what is the significance of the incarnation?
Do mormons have a doctrine of afterlife preaching and repentence?
What did Jesus actually get up to in America (according to Mormons)?
Assuming the Book of Mormon is historically accurate, does this necessarily imply the Great Apostasy?
What do mormons believe about eschatology?
What does mean the fact of washing the feet of the disciple by Jesus?
According to Catholicism, if someone receives last rites, is everything forgiven?
Are there any American Christian denominations that refer to the days of the week by alternate names?
Why is the The Nativity called "Christmas"?
Did the mention of Simon Magnus contribute to Acts of Peter not being part of the New Testament?
Do these videos represent JW meetings or do they have other secret/sacred meetings that are not available to public?
Was the First Apocalypse of James written after the Second Apocalypse of James?
Am I still Catholic?
Do Mormons view the LDS Church as a pure restoration of first century Christianity?
When would a Mormon choose to go to the temple instead of the church?
(LDS perspective) How would people before Mormonism have entered heaven since they would not have known the masonic handshakes?
Is it possible for an Eastern Rite Catholic to change over to the Roman Rite and become ordained as Latin Rite priest?
Where does the thought 'we were not even fit to eat the crumbs from under your table' originate, in the Anglican communion service?
Relics of Noah's Ark?
What did Jesus mean by his apparent racial taunt to the Canaanite woman in Matt 15 when he inferred that they were "dogs"?
Can livestock or grain be used for tithe?
How are Supererogative acts even possible in Catholicism?
What are Jehovah's Witnesses beliefs on how those who died before Jesus, or before JWs existed, will gain salvation?
Does Catholicism allow the possibility of new books being added to the Bible?
In Christ's time the Jews believed in Purgatory and still do. Why don't Protestants?
Missing work of St. Augustine in Latin?
What is a priest of Rome?
How big was the wilderness in which John the Baptist lived and preached?
Is it only Catholicism that says grace on food?
Who has the authority to change the wording of the Lord's Prayer in the Catholic Church in the United States?
Did Martin Luther write his own Bible?
What was the weight of Noah's ark before and after the animals were loaded on to it?
What is the "Magnificat"?
How are the Decretive, Preceptive, and Permissive wills of God defined?
Was the full Sign of the Cross prevalent in entire Catholic Church?
How do Catholics answer the question of idol worship within the faith?
Why was Jesus condemned for blasphemy by the Jews?
Can a bishop allow Marriage between cousins?
What is the age at which Peter the Apostle died?
Do any Christian groups consider divorce sufficient cause for excommunication?
What are the "Beatitudes"?
Why are relics that can perform miracles not idols?
How do JWs reconcile the belief that Satan was cast to earth in 1914 with Job 1:7 and Job 2:2?
Why are Lussekatter served on St. Lucy's day (i.e. why cats?)?
Why is the word "dragon" in the Bible?
What kind of characteristics does the Great Tribulation have in LDS eschatology?
What is an overview of Protestant explanations of the difference between dead faith and perfect faith in James 2?
What original text is the King James Version (KJV) translation of the Old Testament based on?
Why is Christ often shown with long hair in Christian iconography?
Is there an English translation of the OT, which is strictly based on the Septuagint?
Is the OT translation in "The Apostolic Bible - Polyglot" based strictly on the LXX or MT text?
What are the six OT quotes in the NT, which are not from the Septuagint?
According to the Jehovah's Witnesses, why was Jesus likely not born in December because of Levite temple service schedule?
Do any Protestants teach that everyone really knows God according to Romans 1:21?
A Question Regarding the Variation of Doctrines within Christendom
Do Jehovah's Witnesses believe that the 1918 influenza was caused by Satan?
Is there extrabiblical first-century documentation of sadducee theology?
Has a pope ever visited Macau?
Did John Calvin observe Christmas?
Can an Orthodox Christian of one diocese receive sacraments at a coterminous one, e.g. a Greek Orthodox at an OCA parish?
Why are a Catholic bishop's Coat of Arms green and not purple?
What is the Biblical and Traditional basis for doing Penance for others?
Did Saint Paul attend the council of Nicaea? Which other councils did he attend?
Why the wrongness of "Our Father" translation wasn't spotted earlier?
To which cleric(s) does a lay Catholic have to obtain Nihil Obstat and Imprimatur?
If only those who died after Jesus death are among the ones that go to heaven, how do JWs view the ascension of Elijah?
What was the Angelic Psalter that Our Lady told St. Dominic to preach?
(Catholic perspective) Why was the Jesus body consumed at the Last Supper due to transsubstantiation was not mentioned to Thomas?
Who were the eyewitnesses mentioned by name who were still living to the audience of the book/letter in question?
What does Lutheranism teaches about demon possession?
Why does God desire glorification?
How are people who were not approved by Jesus (Matthew 7:21-23) still able to expel demons?
Have there been any cases of Stigmata outside of Catholicism?
According to Christianity, is only the Christian faith a gift from God?
Does the Catholic Church have a list of Good Books?
Was the 1914 prophecy (derived from the book of Daniel) ever mentioned in any newspapers before World War I?
When Pope Francis dies, is Pope Benedict automatically the 'new' leader for a short period?
Why are 1 Timothy, 2 Timothy, and Titus referred to as the “Pastoral Epistles”?
How did Christian come to be the name for believers?
Do we know the fates of any of the implausible relics Martin Luther described?
C.S. Lewis and Transposition
Has there ever been a successful Catholic Christian rock or pop band since the Singing Nun?
Do the religious figures leading a particular See of Christianity have a specific title(s) for that office?
According to Protestants, must clergy be ordained by other ordained clergy?
Who were the Celebrants of the Eucharist in the Early Church?
Differences between paranormal entities like banshees, poltergeists, demons, ghosts, etc..?
Who changed the Sabbath to Sunday according to the Seventh Day Adventists?
How do priests choose who is going to be the main celebrant at Mass?
Was the 66 book Bible being used by early Christians?
How should the Mass be explained to a first time visitor?
How is Aaron is the oldest when Moses was the first born?
A Question Regarding the Relationship between God and Messiah
Were the Gospel of Luke and the book of Acts written by the same person?
Who started the Judensau image?
What version of the Bible should a beginner read?
The word "faith" in Matthew 17:20, Matthew 21:21 according to Reformed?
What does the quote from the Old Testament in Luke 2: 23 refer to?
Does Jesus’ purification after death apply to all or just to him?
LDS Church view of 1 Timothy 3:2 and 3:12 when they supported polygamy
Trying to find information on a crucifix found whilst metal detecting
Is there any Denomination which think that the "serpent" at the beginning of his existence in Eden is not a bad being?
On what day of the week did Thomas first meet the resurrected Christ?
How do soul sleep adherents explain Lk 23:43?
Is there any theological tradition holding that soon after being born, baby Jesus was full of wisdom because this baby is God?
What is the Adventist response to Justin Martyr?
How do you defend the first clause of the Kalam Cosmological Argument?
Was Satan/Lucifer the angel of music before his fall?
The chronology of Genesis in relation to language
How many languages has the King James Version been translated into?
Lutheran response to non-literalist interpretation of the Lord's Supper
What is Jehovah's Witnesses view of Revelation 20:10 since they do not believe in hell?
Matthew 5:13-16 is for the Israelites ONLY?
Can a Mormon wife be unsealed from her husband, and what is required for it?
Does evanescent grace remove all assurance of salvation?
Why Sarah was angry to Abraham about Hagar
Is a indulgence valid if granted the night before?
Is there an online or downloadable "copyable" bible?
Were the Wise Men from the East in fact, Jews settled in a far away place?
Why is the Bishop of Jerusalem still Greek?
What does the 'will' of St. Paul mean?
What is the Catholic interpretation of Sirach 42:14?
What is the ‘Gospel of the Grace of God’?
Did the metaphor of ' cup of suffering' as used by Jesus derive from OT?
According to the Catholic Church, is there any supernatural (non-physical, non-mathematical, non-scientific) part of a human being?
Does the cosmological argument ignore the Spirituality of God?
When the early church was formalising the canon, what did they understand by the word 'Inspired'?
What are the main differences between the Seventh Day Adventist church and the Worldwide Church of God?
Where do those who say Noah's flood was an actual event say the water went?
Besides St. Casimir, are any other saints portrayed with three hands in iconography?
In which year did Chesterton write the 'I am' (what's wrong with the world) letter?
What did early Christians say about apostolic succession?
How do Mormons view events like the Holocaust considering that they view Adam's fall as a move forward?
God won't give us more than we can handle?
What happens to a rejected grace?
Who are the prominent Christian thinkers that define "permissive" will?
Did God really "regret" making man? (Catholic perspective)
does sword in Matthew 10.34 mean a branch?
Was the darkness that came during Jesus's death a solar eclipse?
Can a priest act on a confession of molestation?
Do any Christian denominations prevent their congregations from having Christmas pageants?
Where did the rich young ruler hear of eternal life?
Did the symbols of star in Christianity and Judaism originate independently?
Did Mary and Joseph become rich with the presents given to them by the magi?
What is the main theological point of Philippians?
How many times does the New Testament quote the Old Testament?
According to Catholicism, is the blessing of food by a lay person different from that of a priest?
In Catholicism, why can deacons not celebrate all sacraments, but only Baptism (and Matrimony)?
Historical figures mentioned in the Bible that skeptics doubted existed but were later confirmed by archaeology
Lies of the Desert Fathers
Do orthodox christians eat pork and are they circumcised?
What is the best interpretation of Matthew 24:29, from the perspective of an evangelical Christian?
Why was the name of St Joseph not mentioned at Luke 2: 19?
Why did Jesus get baptized?
Did Abraham have faith in the future coming of Christ?
What does it mean to "Make a Mission"?
What is the difference between Demon and Devil?
According to Lutherans, what is the Kingdom of God?
A female demon name starting with the letter "S"
Who is "you" in Genesis 3:15 according to the Calvinist?
Did any Church Fathers believe that angels could still choose to become demons?
Does Hades (The bosom of Abraham) still exist after Christ's resurrection
What general theological framework(s) are represented in the Life Application Study Bible commentary?
Does a Roman Catholic priest have to intellectually understand a confession in order to grant absolution?
Which Lent should someone Baptized in an Eastern Roman Catholic rite follow?
What were St. Maximilian Kolbe's views on general relativity and sanctifying grace?
What did "Teaching of the Twelve Apostles" say about the Epiphany?
Is there a rule, on how many Patron Saints a Catholic can have?
How do the merits of the Saints in Heaven operate?
Why doesn't dispensationalism identify a dispensation focused on David?
According to Catholicism, why did the Blessed Mother stay a virgin during her pregnancy with Jesus?
According to the Catholic Church, did Jesus have faith or hope?
If Christ had a complete human nature, how come his human nature wasn't totally depraved as ours is?
Have any Catholics (e.g. Eastern Rite) ever followed the Old Calendar since the late 16th century?
According to the Westminster Confession, what is the Biblical basis for the belief that the guilt of Adam and Eve was imputed to all mankind?
Why did Mary need to remain a virgin during pregnancy according to those who deny the perpetual virginity doctrine?
How does the Westminster Confession address the paradox of the Bible canon?
Why did Paul VI strip József Mindszenty of his archbishopric?
What is the Catholic Church's position on a divorced man attending services
(Jehovah's Witnesses view) Jesus statement about Great Tribulation and the situation due to which "no flesh will be saved"
What does the term ' a wind from God' as used at Genesis 1:2 (NRSVCE) imply?
Is there a way to help choose a Catholic Church?
What role does the Gospel Music Association have in standardizing what is played on Contemporary Christian Music stations?
Christian story/song from the 1980s
According to the Catholic Church, why does God hurt others to punish David in 2 Samuel:24?
According to the Catholic Church, if God is just and loving why is Nature so needlessly brutal and cruel sometimes?
How do Jehovah's Witnesses explain Paul's apparent equating of Yahweh and Jesus in Ephesians 4?
Why are there so many priests in the LDS Church?
On what grounds was Arius refuted at the First Council of Nicaea?
Did Job hold the priesthood according to LDS teaching?
Is there something in Sirach that caused it to be considered Apocrypha?
What is "the moon runs down in a purple stream" referring to?
What is the difference, if any, between elders and priests in the LDS church?
LDS Church view: was the earth and all life on it created in six 24-hour days?
What are the main reasons of EOC for why the Protoevangelium of James was not to be included in the canon?
How is the earth soon after God turn the light on according to the literalist / YEC?
What does "God is just" mean according to Calvinists?
How to ask a Catholic priest to bless something for someone else?
Do any denominations rank the apostles?
Which books is Ross Douthat citing in relation to his conversion to Catholicism
Is there a Catholic bishop with jurisdiction over space?
In Mormonism, do persons ordained as Teachers in the Aaronic Priesthood have actual teaching duties?
Why did Jesus compare the Kingdom of Heaven to leaven?
God and Satan in the book of Job: how did they know about this conversation?
Identify this story about the end times from the Desert Fathers
Overview of countries using the Gregorian calendar vs the Julian calendar for calculating Easter?
I have some question about joining the Catholic Church
Why was the Holy Family instructed to flee to Egypt?
Do Anglicans believe the decision on the 66 book canon was infallible?
Is the Pope limited in his authority over the Order of Malta?
Acording to Orthodox Christianity does God know the future?
Why did early Christians believe in the Real Presence?
For those who deny the Immaculate Conception, why did Jesus not have original sin?
Did the church use stories like the Holy Grail to attract pagans?
What is the basis for saying that Aquinas accepted the Immaculate Conception?
Why did Jesus groan and use spit while healing the deaf man? (Mark 7)
From a Calvinist perspective, if Adam refused the fruit what would happen to their descendants?
Where does Augustine say that Adam and Eve were in Eden for just six hours before sinning?
"Holy man / saints" in the point of view of God according to the Calvinist?
Catholic Church and the Critique of Pagan Worship?
How do adherents of sola scriptura respond to "extra" biblical beliefs?
Do Mormons believe that marriage is eternal?
What's the Greek manuscripts of John with the oldest discovery date?
Can Catholics knowingly work for evil entities?
Would this confession be valid?
How did Paul know so much about Melchizedek?
According to Catholicism, why was Adam alone given the charge of naming the animals and birds?
What clues for the "sola scriptura" Church did the Apostles leave behind?
What was the socioeconomic makeup of early Christian Gnostic sects?
Between Sola Scriptura Churches, has it happen that there is a difference interpretation to the same verse?
Perseverance of the Saints – Historical Interpretations before Calvin
What precisely is the sacramental "economy"? In which sense it is an economy?
Churches that Teach Tradition as Inspired have Different Traditions. How do They Explain This?
Do JWs have vestments, clothing, or "sacred" or symbolic objects that are used for any particular occasion or position?
About praying for the dead and anointing of the sick
Who is "the Lord thy God" mentioned in scripture?
In Roman Catholicism, how far back in history does the process (Sacrament) of Confirmation go?
From a Dogmatic Catholic perspective, what is the eternal destination of an unbaptized embryo?
Are (or should be) the resolutions of the SDA General Conference public?
How does Protestantism defend the adoption of practices and beliefs not found in the Bible?
Are the contents of the Jehovah Witness website dogmatic?
Quotation from Desert Fathers
What is the relationship between the mass and the cross in precise terms?
How does LDS handle doctrine changes?
Are there any denominations that do not require pastors to be college educated?
Is there any truth to the story that Martin Luther "bought" hell from a priest?
Are the Ten Commandments in OT arranged in the order of their importance to the believer?
Where are the LDS revelations published?
According to Catholicism, do Gabriel, Michael and Rafael still have the option of turning away from God?
Job and the Heavenly Host
Why did the Catholic Church rule out meat?
What are the traditional reasons ascribed to why God saw it fit that Jesus be born of a virgin?
What did Protestant reformers think about the date and authorship of the New Testament?
According to Protestantism, why God did not inspire New Testament writers to explicitly assert Sola Scriptura?
According to Catholicism, does God actively cause suffering in Hell?
Can orthodox Trinitarians say, "God died on the cross"?
Is there any denomination which teaches that God never commanded burnt offerings and sacrifice to Israel?
How do Arminians interpret God's reserving of a remnant in Romans 11:4?
Similarities and differences between the priesthood of all believers and the LDS priesthood
to the literalist (YEC), question about the name "LORD"
According to Reformed Theology, how does omniscience relate to election?
From a Protestant perspective why didn't the Apostles address the problem of deutrocanonical books?
Why does Methodism exist?
Is it allowed to deviate from the Catholic Liturgical Calendar during a pilgrimage?
Why do human beings have enmity towards snakes? (Catholic perspective)
How much of the Catholic Mass is inherited from the Jewish Shabbat service?
LDS belief in pre-existence of the human person vs. human physical deformities
The name and origin of the doctrine of justification by restructuring the narrative
(LDS view) Do animals have a possibility to eternal life and is this dependent on Jesus atonoment applied to them?
How do Calvinists explain Calvin's use of Baruch?
Was it possible for Catholics to express their faith openly in England during the time of persecution?
What problems, if any, do Jehovah's Witnesses have with the Apostles' Creed?
Do conservative Presbyterians accept 4-point Calvinists?
What is the difference between the Gospel and the Holy Bible?
Besides JWs, are there other Christian denominations where meetings regularly consist of congregation-wide study sessions?
When did tradition become first used as Tradition?
"living water" association with Feast of Tabernacles
What do Evangelicals who speak negatively of "religion" mean by that?
What does the Roman Catholic Church teach about covenant theology?
Why did Israel under Moses take a longer route to Canaan?
How do Covenant Theologians explain the Noahic covenant?
What was the literal meaning of the term 'stone rejected by builders'?
How was Queen Keran, wife of Leo II of Armenia, able to become a nun?
What problems, if any, do Mormons have with the Apostles' Creed?
In what order were the 12 Apostles called?
If a priest makes a major mistake during confession, can they later talk to the person to correct themselves?
Would a confession be valid if the priest and penitent can't speak the same language?
How do Jehovah Witnesses explain the anger of Caiphas?
What is the biblical basis for Christ living on earth during the Millennial Reign?
What is the biblical basis for praying to Jesus, as opposed to praying to God in the name of Jesus?
Looking for a Catholic Arabic bible
Looking for an apologetic to the "Cosmic Child Abuse" objection
What are the different "Marks of the Church" of Christian denominations?
Will Agnostics and Atheists go to Hell? (Catholic)
Trouble finding these quotes from St. John Chrysostom
What problems, if any, do Swedenborgians have with the Apostles' Creed?
(Catholic view) What was the scriptural basis for the existence of limbo?
When did God create Hell?
How many people were killed by Protestant Inquisition style tribunals? Asking for references
Why were Catholic fasting obligations steadily relaxed?
Isn't Israel the firstborn Son of the Lord?
Are those who have a history of eating disorders excused from obligatory Roman Catholic fasts?
Has any scholar argued that the Trinity doctrine solves the "best possible world" and "divine freedom to create" objections?
Does the Catholic Church allow the use of birth control to save the woman's life?
Is every Roman Catholic Church saint also an Eastern Catholic Church saint (and viceversa)?
What is the process of conversion to Orthodoxy from Anglicanism/Catholicism
Has Numbers 19:11-12 been considered when discussing why Jesus rose on the third day?
Are there any Christian denominations that believe in sex and marriage in the afterlife?
How do those who believe the Son is not Almighty God interpret Revelation 2:23?
If we can't fully comprehend God, how can we ever know that what we believe is true?
According to Calvinism, if Catholicism might lead to salvation, why to remain a Calvinist? (Henry IV story)
Is the Catholic declaration of an extra biblical saint infallible?
Did the 12 disciples represent all 12 tribes?
Why when all are separated by mans sin was Noah chosen?
What was the earliest reference to the 3 States of the Church?
On what scriptural/traditional bases do some churches allow gay marriage?
What is the Protestant interpretation of Philippians 3:12?
What is the biblical basis for the belief that the soul/spirit continues after death?
What is the justification for relying on faith healing and conventional medicine?
(LDS) What kind of payment can a murderer make to receive a pardon?
Do JWs have books besides the Bible that they view as "sacred" or "inspired"?
Why did Swedenborg accept any New Testament books?
How is the atonement sufficient for salvation according to Calvinists?
A quote from Calvin about all five points?
What are the Catholic Church's views on the title of Good Samaritan's Parable?
What problems, if any, do Christadelphians have with the Apostles' Creed?
According to Reformed Theology, what is the doctrinal basis for belief in New Testament tithing?
Do Lutherans and Catholics have the same beliefs regarding the purpose of Confirmation?
Which Christian sects do not beleive in original sin?
Is this quote actually in the Gospel of Mark?
Calvinism: limited atonement and the negative inference fallacy
What does "Style" mean in the context of feast days
According to Catholicism, why do we need a resurrection if we have an immortal soul?
What characteristics does the Great Tribulation have in JW eschatology?
From an Orthodox perspective...how do we know the saints specifically hear an individuals prayers?
If a monk dies after been married to a woman, who inherits his legacy?
What did kids of polygamous Mormon parents call their half-sibling's moms?
How do Bible scholars view the accuracy and reliability of the Aleppo Codex?
Why do some Christians believe a very young Earth?
Origin of the (mis)translation "Ten Commandments"
How can I know that GOD really loves me?
Greek orthodox prophecy of the messiah in Meteora
Finding a mural of an unknown cathedral?
How is the date of Easter set on the Orthodox calendar?
Do orthodox Christians fast on Monday to exceed the righteousness of the pharisees and scribes?
Matthew 24:15-20, If we can't go back and get our clothes, where are we to go?
A question on Cohabitation
Martin Luther Quotes Regarding Hebrew
What is the basis for the idiomatic understanding of "three days in the tomb" as two nights and a day?
What is the meaning of "overshadowed" by the power of the most High in Luke 1:35?
How were missionaries able to convert native populations?
Why do many old churches face east?
Must Catholics believe in Christ's historicity?
What is according to the RCC the creation story in Genesis?
Has anybody heard the word "beatified love"? Is there a biblical passages or traditions to support this word?
Does the Devil hate Latin?
According to the Catholic Church, in Luke 10:19 what kind of authority & power Jesus had given the Apostles & Disciples?
According to Catholicism, when a person dies, is that person's spirit/soul limited as to where it can be present?
What is the meaning of the phrase "Entertaining Angels"?
Is it true that some of the Catholic saints did not existat all?
How do Jehovah's Witnesses explain Paul's apparent equating of Yahweh and Jesus in Romans 10?
Where do Saints go after we return with Jesus (Pentecostal perspective)
I am fasting for 40 days
Is there an equivalent to cantillation or tajweed in Christianity?
Ancient Western Christianity & Indian Christians
Why did Pope Pius XII mention the soul of Mary?
How do Jehovah's Witnesses explain Mark 1:1–3?
Why does the Catholic Church prefer burials over cremation?
What do Protestants think about canon laws given by the Church Fathers?
What is the Eastern-Orthodox interpetation of Romans 3:10-20?
Did God commit injustice by punishing the serpent if the action of the serpent is based on God's providence? (Roman Catholic perspective)
According to Catholicism, is the power of exorcism the fruit of the true church?
Were there other people with camel hoof knees from praying?
Following the Doctrine in Council of Trent, does God give a soul to human at conception deprived of sanctifying grace?
What does the Catholic church say about its own presence or absence when the tribulation starts?
Did the myth of the holy grail originate from Catholicism?
What is the Catholic teaching on tattoos?
On what bases do Eastern-Orthodox reject total depravity?
What exactly does the Catholic Church mean by the "Virginity" of Mary?
When did the term "New Testament" first come into usage?
What is the biblical argument that contraception in marriage is acceptable?
Why do Jehovah's Witnesses hold a "commemoration of the death of Jesus Christ"?
What constitutes a "serious" crime for the purpose of LDS baptism preparation?
What is LDS church view of a baptized member owning machine guns?
How easy was it to get a Bible (Old Testament or both Testaments) in the Eastern Roman Empire during the early reign of Justinian?
I've read that 19th Century and early 20th Century Mormon Utah was very feminist for its time. What evidence supports or contradicts this?
The Catholic Perspective concerning the Four Horsemen
Similarities and differences between the priesthood in the Catholic and the LDS Church
Does anything different happen during General Conference when there's a new president?
Does the Westminster Confession affirm or deny Luther's predilection for Paul's writings?
Why are the Immaculate Conception and the Assumption of Mary such a big deal that all Catholics must believe in them?
How does praying the rosary becomes a spiritual sword that can slay the dragon?
Are there any trinitarian Christian denominations that believe one should only pray to the Father, not to Jesus?
To break apart families or bring them together?
Why did the early Christians think Jesus would return soon?
What was Van Til's view on the use and validity of historical proofs for the resurrection?
The Protestant perspective concerning the Four Horsemen
Regarding the biblical phrase 'everlasting life', would Catholics, Protestants and Orthodox be able to explain how everlasting life destroys death?
Can Catholics serve as godparents at an Anglican infant's baptism?
What arguments support an early date for the Didache?
Is Trinitarianism Biblical or pagan?
What is the biblical basis for saying that Middle East Region will not have peace?
Calvinists: How to avoid justification from eternity?
Is this interview with Pope Francis going to change Christianity?
What does Jesus call God?
Did Jesus commit suicide?
Is the use of rosary by Catholics a pagan practice?
Is there any theological basis for the eating of lamb at Easter?
The Jehovah's Witness perspective concerning the Four Horsemen
Anglican apostolic succession
What is the earliest surviving reference to the Paschal Greeting?
Why do the majority of Protestants celebrate Easter on the same day as the Catholic Church?
Can the King James Bible be extensively quoted in commercial books?
What was before the king james bible and what sections might have been lost in translation?
Is Methodism more strict in biblical interpretation?
What problems, if any, do Oneness Pentecostals have with the Apostles' Creed?
What is the biblical argument for forgiveness ruling out punishment for grievous crimes?
How do Jehovah's Witnesses understand Hebrews 1?
Are we the result of God's permissive will?
The LDS perspective on the Four Horsmen
According to Eastern Orthodoxy, does Matthew 17:20 apply to all people?
Daniel's timeline - Yom Kippur dates 2024
To what extent (if any) does the Catholic Church recognize adoption?
Why don't Christians believe in the Gospel Of Barnabas?
Did any actual Puritan congregations impose scarlet letters on adulterers?
Is there a Biblical reason why the church of Christ does not use instrumental music?
Do the Eastern Orthodox think the state of virginity is more meritorious than marriage?
Who is Saint Assam?
Which denominations believe in eternal marriage?
Was there a special Sabbath in addition to Passover when Jesus was crucified?
What is the fewest number of cardinal electors are needed to validly elect a pope?
What is the meaning of "excellent things" in Proverbs 22:20
According to Protestants, what is the lesson being taught by scripture when God killed so many men for looking into the Ark?
If a Catholic priest absolves my sins without taking a confession, does it still count?
Are all confessions protected from being used in criminal court as evidence against someone?
What is the "Catholic Church" acording to Anglicanism?
Things that are common exclusively for Protestants and Oriental Orthodoxy
How did Aquinas and Reformation-era Protestants disagree on God's will?
If God only forgives our sins at the Sacrament of Penance, why do ask forgivness in prayer?
Do any Bibles contain the Book of Nathan the Prophet and/or the History of Nathan the Prophet
How do Catholics respond to the claims that the cross has pagan origins?
Was Judas based on the story of Buddha and Devadatta?
According to Reformed Covenant theology, how were the people of Israel "purchased" per Exodus 15:16?
How does Luke 11:5-13 fit as corollaries to the Lord's teachings on prayer [Luke 11:1-4]?
Did Baptist and Methodists ever believe that Jesus is Michael the Archangel?
Why were some words omitted in Luke 18: 24 in Catholic editions of NT?
Do Pentecostals believe that they are speaking real languages or that God purposely uses gibberish?
Do messianic Jews claim to be the beneficiaries of the new covenant now?
What is Jehovah's Witnesses view on a baptized member owning machine guns?
Why was Jesus offered vinegar and gall on the cross, and why did he refuse it?
Where did Martin Luther say that he placed "his Christ higher than any dogma or council"?
what is "the argument" of Jesus in Luke 24:39?
Does Catholicism have a stance on horoscopes?
If the flood was recent and local, then when did humans become omnivores?
What practical experience does Pope Francis has with parenthood / fatherhood?
According to the Catholic Church, when did the Church begin?
How do various Christian traditions view the expression "crossing over Jordan"?
How do Lutherns and Reformers explain when God's Preceptive Will goes against His Decretive Will?
What is the original appearance and sound of the Nicene Creed?
Election, Gods Sovereignty and Is Cain Saved?
According to Preterism has Matthew 19:27-30 been fulfilled? If so, when?
Do any Christian denominations forbid pronouncing the Tetragrammaton?
The Biblical God and the Kalam Cosmological Argument
Why do Catholics have to go to regular confession to have their sins forgiven if they pray The Lord's Prayer and ask for forgiveness daily?
What does Catholic Church say about the post-resurrection wound marks of Jesus?
Can protestant churches join the Eastern Orthodox Church?
How do Protestants interpret "covers a multitude of sins" (James 5:19)?
Was Martin Luther a Protestant or a Traditionalist Catholic?
From an Evangelical perspective, why didn't the resurrected Jesus appear to those who doubted that He was the promised Messiah?
What was the original word used to imply goodness at Mark 10:17-18?
Did St. Augustine think sexual pleasure = concupiscence?
To Catholics: Natural Law and Marital Intimacy
Was Paul ever accused of lying?
According to Catholicism, is it ever permissible to produce physical evil so that good may result?
What language(s) was Christ likely to have spoken during his mortal ministry?
According to "continuationists" what explains the 1900 year hiatus?
Do Mary and the other saints know what we are praying for before we ask them?
What is the earliest explicit mention of infant baptism?
What is the source of this quote testifying Mary's assumption?
How did Pope Urban II justify the first Crusade?
Has the term "born again" always been synonymous with baptism with the Christians of the Early Church?
What does Eastern-Orthodoxy teach about the Law and Gospel division?
Referencing a Biblical narrative for a piece fiction I am writing?
What's the scriptural basis for Protestants to believe that their future sins have been forgiven?
Akathist to St. Lawrence
Was there any meaningful difference between the terms "presbyter" and "priest" in early Christianity?
In the New Testament who was the first person to recognize Jesus as the Messiah?
Did John Calvin believe that the grandchildren of a believer are entitled to infant baptism?
According to Jesus in the New Testament, where by name are the three places one ought to worship God?
What rubric, canon, and/or rules forbid(s) the use of recorded music in a Tridentine Missa Cantata?
Which doctrine was formalised first: Infant Baptism or Original Sin?
Are mainline Protestants our Brothers in Christ by virtue of the Trinitarian Baptism? [Catholic]
How do I verbalize "Lesson: 1 John 4:7-21"?
According to Jehovah’s Witnesses why did John write the words found in John 1:1?
Being flogged in the synagogues before the second coming?
Is there any clue/hint in the Bible that tells us *why/how* we won't sin on heaven?
What is the source of the count of 40000 denominations, and how are they classified?
Prior to the scientific consensus regarding the age of mankind, were there any theologians who argued that the date of Adam's creation was unknowable?
What is the easy and less complicated definition of predestination [Calvinism]?
Did Jesus ever say in the Bible to preach Christianity or his message to the Non-Jews?
According to Catholicism, who can be referred to as the One Flock of Jesus in today's context?
In LDS Doctrine, is the Resurrection a Priesthood Ordinance?
Why did the ancient Jews use a candelabrum with 7 candles?
Greek- what's the difference between Ιησοῖ, Ιησούς, and Ιησού?
According to YEC, did all plants and trees survive the Great Flood? If so, how?
Who is the best prophet in Christianity? and is he the best human being in the eyes of God?
Does a Catholic bishop appoint the Canon priests of his cathedral?
Which sacraments can hermaphrodites validly receive in the Catholic Church?
Priestly hiring competitions in the Catholic Church
Popes' Coat of Arms and Saint Malachy Prophecy of the Popes
Under What Conditions Can a Priest Validly Refuse to Absolve Sins?
Is It Possible for a Penitent to Bypass a Refusal of Absolution and If So How?
Is There an Exhaustive List of All/Most Common Venial and Mortal Sins?
According to Mormonism, is the Black race cursed and if so what does that imply?
Where did the rule regarding abstaining from Communion after divorce originate?
When was David born?
What is the LDS Law of Common Consent and why is it important?
Why do religions seem to insist there are different 'races' of people?
What did Augustine mean by "The OT is the NT concealed. The NT is the OT revealed."?
What are the main differences between the Catholic Popes and the Mormon Prophets?
What are the Main Characteristics of Mormon Prophets?
What does the LDS Church teach about infallibility?
Do the theological virtues apply to mundane situations?
Did Christ consort with mystics?
Are couples with secular marriages not allowed to serve in their Catholic parish?
What hard evidence is there that Charles Wesley was Arminian?
What is the definition of ancestral sin from the perspective of Eastern Orthodox?
Who said something along the lines of us never knowing more than 1% of our sin?
Was Mormon a priest according to the LDS?
Did any of the Apostles travel to present day Saudi Arabia? Apostle Thomas?
What is the origin of this triplet: Time, Talents, and Treasure?
Can "feelings and passions" make an act involuntary?
Does the Catholic word Priest actually mean "Presbyter?" Or is it a conflation of roles?
Atheist Arguments
Can Catholics attend the secular wedding of two people baptized as Catholics?
Other than JWs, which denominations (or religions) recognize God's personal name as the form "Jehovah"?
When did the Lion of the tribe of Judah take the book from the One sitting on the throne?
According to a Catholic teaching, whether Thanos did anything wrong
How do Calvinists argue that limited atonement is just and merciful?
What is the biblical basis for Christians quitting their jobs?
Why does God forbid Aaron's descendants with "defects" from offering food?
What were the main arguments put forth at the Fifth ecumenical council against the preexistence of human souls?
What do the paragraph markings in the Jubilee Bible 2000 translation mean?
What is the Current Official View of the Catholic Church on the Redemptive Work of Christ?
How is free-will formally defined as distinct from determinism, randomness and determinism-randomness hybrid to support moral responsibility?
How did the Gift of the Holy Ghost operate before Christ came?
Are Jehovah's Witnesses Protestants?
Did St. Anthony of Padua write the "Be Satisfied with Me" prayer?
Does the Seal of Confession include saying whether or not a person confessed to them?
Modern Hesychasm in Christianity
What is the biblical basis for Christians NOT to quit their jobs, sell all their possessions, and preach the gospel?
At what moment did humans become sinful?
What is the best response to give when someone asks if you think that your religion is the only true one
What was Jesus referring to when He said "it is finished"? What is "it" in this case?
What, specifically, if anything, is heterodox about LDS eschatology?
Did the Risen Lord appear to Mother Mary?
How does uniting to Christ's suffering work?
How do you obtain spiritual gifts? (Overview)
The Prohet and the Messiah in John 1:20-21
Is it possible to get a divorce (not an annulment) in the Catholic Church?
What is the origin of the story of the angel Raphael and the boy Tobias?
What is the oldest surviving photograph of someone who was later canonized as a saint?
Can we know the exact date of Resurrection?
Is Gertrude the Great's mariology considered erroneous in modern Catholicism?
How are King Zedekiah (Old Testament) and Laban (Book of Mormon) related?
Herod great and Jesus birth death dates
How do those who reject the deity of Christ understand the 'sameness of honor' in John 5?
What's the time limit for a Council's sessions to reconvene after a suspension?
Did the Catholic Church proscribe private ownership and reading of scripture?
Transubstantiation and John 6:27
According to Preterists did "the man of sin" (2 Thessalonians 2:3) become manifest before 70AD? If so, who was it?
How does the Catholic Church visualize Jesus breathing over His disciples post-resurrecion?
Who, how many are the authors of the book of Genesis?
Do exorcisms need to be performed in a particular language?
What denominations of Christianity forbid meat from strangled animals?
Is a Catholic dogma that Moses (as the Exodus prophet) actually existed?
History of the age restrictions in the Priesthood in the LDS Church
How is it possible that Saint Andrew was an apostle of Jesus Christ?
Is the incarnation of Jesus permanent, according to reformers like Luther or Calvin?
Why does the bible say that David kept all the commands of the Lord when he so clearly didn't?
Where does the Bible say along the lines of, "The weakest saint is stronger than the strongest demon?"
What are the NIV cross-references? Where do they come from?
Has the Catholic Church ever excommunicated someone based on their ideology?
Early Church Persecution
Must all Mormons marry and have children?
Where did the name Jesus come from?
Why did God spare Abraham's child but not Jephthah's?
Scriptural/theological reasoning for renaming: Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob
How do Christians justify worshiping someone who kills naive children/innocent beings?
Is there a bad part of heaven?
How to understand the paradox of 1John 5:3 and Mathew 5:29
Marriage invalid. Would a church annulment require a state annulment or state divorce?
How do Catholic courts evaluate evidence admission?
What is Catholic Church's view on capital punishment?
Calvinism: Dealing with paradoxes
What's the meaning of this quote by C. S. Lewis, regarding the heart and head?
Revelation 18:4 - Should we leave Babylon if we are in the "Great Babylon"?
Had Jesus formally been given authority to preach in the synagogue?
What is Book of Esthers purpose?
What are the different Categories of Charismatic Graces?
What kinds of things are mutable in Latin Rite Catholic Liturgy?
What is the biblical basis for relics?
Are relics only considered first class if they were collected from a Saint's dead body?
The Legitimacy Of The Mark 15:34 And Matthew 27:46 Accounts Of Jesus' Words
Where can I find the 5800 Greek NT Manuscript copies?
What is chronologically the last mention of redemption in the Bible?
What and where are the evidences for the Catholic Church's Apostolic Succession?
Why is the feast of the Visitation not transferred when impeded by Corpus Christi?
The word "raised" in Romans 9:17-18 and Exodus 9:16?
Why did God create us so that it is in our nature to sin?
What do Bible lexicons, like Strong's, mean when they use the phrase, "by extension"?
Was the covenant with Adam suspended or replaced by the covenant with Noah?
According to Catholicism, is marrying a divorced woman a sin of continual adultery?
According to Catholicism, is marrying a woman who had children out of wedlock a sin?
Do Jehovah's Witnesses believe only they will be saved after their organization came into existence?
What theological differences distinguish the Three-Self Patriotic Movement and the house church movement in China?
Scientific contradictions in bible
Is a mass interruption a standard procedure in case of a supposed Eucharistic miracle?
How were the blood globules of Lanciano weighed?
Does Paul in 2 Corinthians 6:14 contradict Jesus in Mark 2:17?
Was Matthew 28:19 changed? The greatest commission
Why does Romans 5:19 say "many" instead of "all"? (Overview)
According to Genesis 3:1, what could be God's necessity to create serpent(intelligence) to act aginst self
What is the Ontological Difference between the Catholic and the Orthodox View of God?
"Time Capsules" in the architectural plans of Catholic Churches and Cathedrals?
Why are most Christians reluctant to identify the Lazarus Jesus raised from the dead with Lazarus in the story of the rich man and Lazarus?
List of old heresies condemned by the Catholic Church now present in Lutheranism and Calvinism
List of old heresies condemned by the Catholic Church now present in Mormonism and Jehovah's Witnesses
Does the Minimal Facts Argument have the potential to the biggest Christian revelation over the last thousand years?
How does Catholic Church view the new school of thought on multiplication of bread by Jesus?
Why do Catholics venerate Our Lady?
How could Queen Victoria of England marry her first cousin?
Is belief in the suspension or replacement of any of the previous covenants necessary for salvation today?
According to Mormons, how did the unclean spirits sin by "not keeping the first estate"?
Franciscan apostolic college governance
Does the priest ask for reasons to prevent a marriage during a Catholic wedding?
What is the meaning of John 13v31?
How do Protestants justify the baptism of infants?
Church Fathers on the Queenship of Mary
Which are the sins that will not be forgiven in the age to come?
Why is hell more prominent in the NT and not the OT?
Which prophecies does Justin Martyr claim predict Jesus' Advent? Please identify them
On the Eucharist and Human Digestion?
(Catholic view) Why do we pray for God's Kingdom to come if good people go to heaven when they die?
Revelation 10:4: "Don't write this down....?" (Catholic perspective)
Is there an equivalent of analytic meditation in Protestantism?
To whom the Election applied according to the Calvinist (TULIP)?
What verified, uniquely Christian principles support scientific approach?
How is the election of Adam and Eve according to the Calvinist?
Why was Lot's wife judged for looking back?
Why is it not that a state divorce is actually an argument AGAINST a church annulment petition rather than a necessary condition for such petition?
How does Roman Catholicism justify a literal meaning of 'Hoc est meum corpus'?
If I undergo baptized am I still Catholic?
According to Full Preterism, what do Thunders mean?
What is the LDS line of authority should a Bishop be unavailable?
Why is Christianity fixated on ancient Israeli culture? Is such a 'spacetime-lock' evidence of falsehood?
In the bible, who saw the light and was blinded?
Has the Episcopal Church ever identified "patriarchy" as a sin?
Has the US Catholic Church given an imprimatur to any English Bible translations intended for children?
The Holy Bible a Sacramental?
I'm trying to find the title of a Children's cassette tape with a mouse who would teach the books of the Bible by singing?
Are there eyewitness accounts of Jesus Christ written during (or closely after) his lifetime?
What Protestant/Evangelical tradition is represented in the Casting Crowns song "What the World Needs"?
Why is "Battle Hymn of the Republic" considered to be a patriotic hymn in the United States?
In John 14:16, according to the Catholic Church, who is the Spirit of Truth?
Nature of the Church in 1st Corinthians
Lazarus and the rich man's table
Why does the Catholic church not sanction the KJV translation?
Are menstruating women considered ritually impure in Christianity?
Is there a denomination which espouses hard-determinism?
According to the Catholic Church, are Adam and Eve in heaven?
How does the existence of the Tomb of the Blessed Virgin Mary fit with the Assumption of Mary?
What was Samuel Rutherford's view on the role of pastors in wedding ceremonies?
What is the source of this quote from St. Augustine?
Do Presbyterian Protestants have a 'day of rest' or a 'day of religious works'?
Is there a sound doctrine or biblical explanation why Satan is called "the ape of God"?
According to Catholicism, who is the Wisdom being described in Proverbs 8:22–36?
What Christian companies, today, have no name by which they are known?
Was Adam's rebellion the first sin?
Is a priest's sermon an explanation of bible?
Does the Associate Reformed Presbyterian church believe in replacement theology?
Does God cause the punishment or is that the effect of his absence?
According to the Catholic Church, is it a sin to marry your cousin?
What did Christian authors of the 7th - 15th centuries say about the Muslim claim of Gospels being direct revelations from God?
Help in calculating cousin degree according to Catholic Church
Burial of remains following medical research
Has 'Affirmation 2010' been adopted, generally, by those called 'Reformed'?
Do Protestants believe Jesus misquoted Psalm 8:2 in Matthew 21:16?
On Amillenialism and the Catholic Church
Why does Humanae Vitae not mention involuntary celibates/singles?
Why is the first question of the Westminster Shorter Catechism so different from the Westminster Confession opening statement?
What happens if the Pope is automatically excommunicated?
Why do the Seventh Day Adventists consider the Sabbath to begin on Friday at sunset?
Is it true that anyone who prays the rosary cannot be touched by Satan?
Two questions of the Belgic Confession
What happened to Aaron's staff and the jar of manna placed by Moses in the Ark of the Covenant
Why do Protestant Presbyterians no longer use a congregational Psalter?
How is the command to "Take it to the Church" interpreted in light of Protestant Ecclesiology?
Is there a Christian philosopher who has published a book challenging compatibilism from the point of view of hard determinism?
Why and How the Lion is being removed from almost all printed bibles and replaced by the Wolf in Isaiah 11:6?
Which versions of the Bible do contemporary British Pentecostal churches typically use?
Can a priest administer last rites to himself?
What were Martin Luther's opinions on the Crusades?
Was Mary given a glorified or "spiritual body" like the resurrected body of Jesus while on earth?
Has Protestantism relegated the scripture to be the 'Subordinate Standard'?
Are there any Church traditions or legends that state what species of fish Tobias caught in the Book of Tobit?
According to the Mormon Doctrine, when God said, "let there be light," was He talking about the Light of Christ?
What do People of Praise believe?
Is there a word for describing the existence of a unique or controversial interpretation of Christianity within a denomination?
How does Jesus' pre-incarnational existence relate to oneness pentecostalist godhead doctrine?
What did Jesus mean by " many" beneficiaries of His ensuing blood-shed?
Where did Augustine say "It is certain that few are saved"?
How would miaphysites approach the question of monothelitism versus dyothelitism?
Was Mary’s appearance to St.James the Greater in year 40 AD an apparition or bilocation?
Are the Seven Sorrows of Mary the seven pillars in Proverbs 9:1?
According to Calvinist, are there another kind group of people besides "they" in Revelation 22:4-5?
What is the meaning when Jesus said "I commend my spirit" in Luke 23:46?
What are the important gifts and graces given to Mary to become Mother of the Church?
How to reconcile Aquinas' analogical view of God with God's self-revelation?
Why have a photo of the bishop in the sacristy?
Does modern protestantism have any deviations from sola fide?
How does God reconstruct your brain if it has been destroyed in the afterlife
Why did Jesus treat the dove-sellers at the Temple with kindness?
Calvinism: Does God force people to be saved?
Is it in anyway lawfully possible for the Catholic Church to one day recognize the Anglican Church as having valid orders?
How to reconcile God telling Jeremiah to preach to people that won't listen while also saying not to cast your pearls before swine
How real is Matthew 4:1-2 in terms of physical realities?
Who are the "extreme Anabaptists" who believed that regeneration makes people incapable of sin?
Why is "She" used in the Douay-Rheims translation of Genesis 3:15?
How does the Catholic Church choose the patron saint of a parish church?
Jesus said I am the Way, how does the Catholic Church best explain this passage?
How does the Bible justify geocentrism?
Was Abel regenerated before the offering according to the Calvinist?
How does open theology interpret 1 Peter 1:2?
Was Jesus The Lamb of God or the High Priest (that offers the lamb as a sacriffice)?
Does Joshua the high priest make the list of figures of Messiah in the Bible?
Kurds n' Whay Cassette tape, circa late 80's - early 90s
From the Baptist perspective: Does Leviticus 20:13 prove that God is advocating for the murder of homosexuals?
What is the purpose of offering a mass for someone?
What is the logic behind the present arrangement of Seven Sacraments?
The Omnibenevolence of God
What is the corruption Mormons believe will infect their church before the second coming?
What is the meaning of "Advocata Nostra" according to Catholic Tradition & Teaching?
What was the significance of thirty pieces of silver Judas was offered for betraying Jesus?
An explanation from Calvinist about why Cain's offering is not accepted by God?
Why there is a different translation in 1 Timothy 4:7?
What is the difference between Jesus "resurrected body" and Mary's "glorified body"?
Why does the Eastern Orthodox church forbid blind men from becoming priests?
Who are the lambs in John 21:15?
Was any early martyr of the Church sawn in two, as mentioned in Hebrews?
If faith is a gift from God, and atheists (might) go to hell, is God ultimately willing to send atheists to hell? (Catholic perspective)
An example of C.S. Lewis’s claim of the pitfalls of pity
Is the Gloria primarily a song of repentance, contrition and forgiveness or of praise?
According to the Eastern Orthodox, what are the rules for acquiring / owning icons?
Does the Catholic Church allow annulments in the case of infertility?
Pope says Heaven apart from Christian faith?
How did Isidore of Seville become the patron saint of the Internet and computer programmers?
What particular action that is in excess to God's Permissive Will did Satan commit in the Garden of Eden?
How do I know when to cross myself during Mass (Novus Ordo)?
What is a Catechism and when and how did they originate
What do these verses mean?
How much can holy water be diluted?
According to Eastern Orthodoxy, is googling the serial numbers of a software and using cracks a sin?
Were any of the Apostolic Fathers Jews?
What is the rationale for not making the Sign of the Cross after receiving Communion?
The Genesis gap and Re-creation
Who are the Nicholaitans
What is this icon that Putin touches/kisses at monument of St.Vladimir?
Does Catholicism or any church father make a connection between Eve and Mary in Genesis 2:18 and John 14:26?
Why don't many Christians follow this: " For all the law is fulfilled in one word... Love thy neighbour as thyself." - Galatians 5:14
According to the Southern Baptist Convention, what is the biblical basis for involving the church in politics?
How do Christians turn Sunday into the Lord's day?
Is there a name for when Jesus was baptized?
What are the differences between most Christian Bibles and Jehovah’s Witnesses Bible?
What was the first translation to transliterate the tetragrammaton?
Do baptists believe baptism did not pre-date Jesus Christ?
Is there a dogmatic or theological (yet not dogmatic) justification for kneeling before a statue/icon of the Virgin Mary?
How is the George Lamsa translation of the Bible (from Aramaic) viewed by Evangelical scholars?
Does the word "touch" in Genesis 3:3 orginate from Eve or Satan?
According to Eastern Orthodoxy why did we inherit the sin of Adam and Eve?
What is the origin of the idea that Miriam, sister of Moses, was a virgin?
Did Pope Francis declare that according to the teaching of the Catholic Church capital punishment is intrinsically evil?
Marriage non catholic and divorced
What is the Catholic Church's historical position on capital punishment: how did we get here?
Thomistic Predestination and Free Will
How has opinion on the death penalty among American Catholics shifted since 1974?
What is the current and historical viewpoint on universal salvation as a doctrine in the Catholic Church?
What level of assent does the 2018 teaching on capital punishment require of Catholics?
What is the Anglican teaching on Hell?
What were the original languages of the Nicene Creed?
Does Pope Francis' rewording on the subject of capital punishment in the Catechism trump those of Pope John Paul II's encyclical Evangelium vitae?
Why would angels climb a stairway if they have wings?
Why is God considered by many to be a male?
Did Arianism survive as Islam?
Ties between the Jesuits and the Byzantine?
Can a non-Catholic receive Baptism (to formally marry a Catholic), without converting to the Catholic faith?
Did Barabbas have the first name Jesus?
As a Catholic, am I obliged to believe in visions and saints?
According to Catholic beliefs, why did God appear to Elijah as a whisper?
According to Catholicism, why did God lower Himself so much for the specks of dust like us?
Wouldn't evil have already existed on Earth before Adam and Eve?
Is it true that no post-apostolic theologians before St. Augustine believed in Eternal Security / Assurance of Salvation?
Is the Mass seen as a sacrifice in the Lutheran Church?
Death Penalty 2018 - Pope Francis vs Trent?
Does the Catholic Church accept all the teachings of the Byzantine Church after the union?
Has anyone in history suffered God’s visible wrath by uttering disrespect & attack on the dignity of the Vicar of Christ?
If we receive infinite grace through bread and wine as the Catholic theology say, why does a person still sin against God?
What is the current Vatican's position on the Council of Constance (regarding John Wycliffe) in 1415?
Is the Latin Mass, when celebrated not in Full Communion with Rome, not pleasing & acceptable to God?
May the Pope waive the requirements of Canon Law in the appointment of bishops?
What Christian groups do not observe or celebrate the Eucharist?
The degrees of efficacy in the Eucharistic Celebration
What do YEC Protestants say about Göbekli Tepe being 12,000 years old?
Is there a difference of substance between the veneration of Mary, and the worship of God?
Do all YEC believe flat earth?
Who said the following
Is the dignity of man pertains to his soul only or to the wholeness of his being meaning body & soul?
What rationale do KJV-1611-Only give for not recognizing the apocryphal books of that version?
How to approach homosexuality scandals in view of Canon Law and Church Tradition?
Immaculate Conception: Why was it necessary for our Salvation?
What is the envy of Satan to Adam & Eve that resulted in the entry of death in the Garden of Eden?
Is it true that if we make a good confession and receive the sacrament of Eucharist on the following Sunday of Easter all our sins will be forgiven?
Why do most Catholic Churches not say the Nicene Creed anymore and instead say the Apostle's Creed?
Why don't Christians wrap tefillin?
Why did Pilate call Jesus The Man?
Through the Biblical story of Job, did God mean He is a jealous God (Exodus 34:14)?
Can you explain the conflict between 2 Corinthians 5:10 and Isaiah 43:25?
Is August 15th a day of obligation for all Roman Catholics?
"The weak shall be cut down by their peers"
How is the trinity all God but also distinct?
How does the revelation of Blessed Emmerich harmonize the teaching of the Catechism and Eastern Orthodox in Mary's Assumption?
Was Martin Luther known to have read the First Epistle of Clement?
In Catholicism, what are “all things visible & invisible”?
To what extent did the Chinese government force Catholic priests to marry?
Why do Solemnities have different readings for the vigil masses?
Were demons afraid of the cross before the crucifixion?
What is the real biblical reasons why Joseph & Mary did not offer a one year old lamb?
Are there biblical passages supporting a "quasi-incarnation" attributed to the mystical union of the Holy Spirit and Mary?
Why did this frustrated person make the sign of the cross in front of me?
Was there no word for son in law in Biblical Koine Greek?
What is the biblical basis for all people meeting God when they die?
Why does the Catholic Church hold Mary's virginity and the absence of brothers against the historians?
Power, Authority and Sovereignty in the Character of God
Do Catholics have a "profession of faith" in Jesus Christ before baptism?
Meaning of the word Anointed
Had the Catholic Church a tradition of commemorating Abraham's sacrifice?
How do Jehovahs Witnesses understand Jesus inheritance of Gods name
Jehovah's Witnesses and blood transfusions
How do Protestants counteract the Witnesses stance on Blood Transfusions?
Chair of Moses - Clerical Infallibility
Why was John the Baptist not excited at seeing Jesus at Jordan?
How many mistresses did Solomon actually have?
According to Vatican II Catholicism, what is the counterfeit church and what are its marks?
How can a Christian be freed from concupiscence and thereby possess a sinless body?
Eating sour grapes and transmitting sin over generations
According to the Catholic magisterium, are sedevacantists by definition schismatics?
What is the biblical basis for seeing Saint Peter at the gates of heaven?
Is sharing "Fake News" and gossiping "Fake News" a mortal sin? (Catholic perspective)
According to Trinitarians, did the human Jesus worship the divine Jesus?
Which German Bible translation was Joseph Smith fond of?
Was there a non-Augustinian response to universalism in the early Church?
What does "the Lord opened her heart" (Acts 16:14) mean, according to Calvinists?
In contrast to Judaism and Islam, what is the importance of Abraham's sacrifice of his son in Christianity?
God created the world, who created God?
Was St. Patrick a really Roman Catholic and did he keep the 7th day Sabbath?
What is the Catholic process for establishing orthodoxy?
Popes Benedict XVI or Pope St. John Paul II on the subject of the Antichrist and the end times?
Is Pope Francis with or against LGBT?
YHWH translated to Jehovah 4 times in KJV but not elsewhere... why?
Were the actions of the 3rd Duke of Alba in the 16th Century considered a Catholic Crusade?
The "Tetragrammaton" name
Could the Pope be removed from office for lapses in judgment?
When and from whom is the source that for Christians, God dwells in buildings you go to, rather than in believers?
Purgatory, 2 Corinthians 5:10, and Protestantism
Were Malachi and Isaiah normally bound or grouped together?
Why do Catholic churches have a red lamp burning inside?
Why don't we use Yahuah?
How did John the Baptist or Jesus fulfill Malachi 3:3?
What were the editions to the KJV since 1611 and who did them and when?
How did Oneness Pentecostalism spread and grow during the 20th century?
From Genesis to Exodus - is God dealing with Israelites or Jews?
Why do Filipino Catholics have a harder time to get a church annulment?
What is the "gospel" in OT according to the Calvinist?
How do Filipino Catholics get a church annulment when their state marriage is valid, considering the Philippines doesn't have divorce?
Existence of Catholic Church without hierarchy
The Seventh Day Sabbath is not a Jewish Law...it was given by God at Creation before sin even entered this world
The Western Wall
Biblical Prophecy about Sign of the Cross?
Why Jews are the chosen people?
Why did Jesus defend the disciples' failure to wash hands prior to eating? (Catholic perspective)
Why is Song of Songs not considered pornography?
According to Catholicism do any of the Ten Commandments directly relate to tax evasion?
Why is Satan commonly believed to rule in hell?
Human race and it’s four colors
How many letters might Paul have written over his career?
According to the Catholic Church, was Mary's Magnificat a spontaneous utterance?
Indwelled by the Holy Spirit — VS — not indwelled by the Holy Spirit according to the Calvinist?
What is the "New Theological Movement" within the Catholic Church?
When was the tripartite (body, soul, and spirit) view of man officially rejected by a church council?
Does the Chalcedonian Definition mean Christ has two minds?
When was infant baptism rejected in the development of Pentecostalism?
Why do some earlier Bibles not have a publishing date?
Does anyone remember prophecy of beast with thousand names or possible Mandela effect?
Where does Marsilio Ficino write that all nations refer to God with a four-letter name?
How was the translation of the Book of Mormon shown through Joseph Smith's seer stones and hat?
Of what date is the oldest inscription of Yahweh found?
What is the connection of Alta Vendita in the present Church Crisis regarding homosexual scandal & cover-up?
How is praying understood within the "Death of God" theology?
Where did Augustine say that the same fire that tortures the damned purifies the elect?
What is the significance of "G12" in the evangelism strategy "G12 Vision"?
Why was the Sea of Galilee called so?
What was Pelagius' view of Hell?
How does the Hebrew Roots movement handle Paul's statements which imply Christians should not be enslaved to the Jewish Law?
Are the Word and Spirit also called God because the Father isn't made up of parts in accordance with the the doctrine of the Trinity?
According to Calvinists, does God command the non-elect to do what is for them impossible?
Did Moses have more than one wife in his lifetime?
What animals were in Eden?
Paul Wrote Poems?
Do any of the seven ecumenical councils condemn slavery?
Is God really Merciful according to the Bible?
Why did Clement of Alexandria say that the name of Jesus, Iesous, has a Greek origin, not a Hebrew one?
Mention of being more profitable if you do a business rather than a job?
How did the original texts of the Creed relate Pilate to Jesus' Passion?
Where in the Bible did God tell Adam and Eve that they have sinned?
Was Martin Luther's marriage to Katharina von Bora due to their love for each other?
What happens if a Pope is unable to continue his duties due to physical or mental illness?
How does Jesus have two wills in light of the rejection of Nestorianism? (Orthodox Trinitarian view)
David and Milkom wore a 75 lb crown, wouldn't that have snapped their necks?
What is meant by "faith and morals" with regards to papal infallibility?
Did the authors of the Westminster Standards accept Roman Catholic baptisms as valid?
How to know when a particular verse of the Bible have been or will be part of the Liturgy of the Word? (Catholic)
Are there any biblical accounts of a women performing a miracle from God?
What is seen to actually occur if a female were to be the subject of laying on of the hands in ordination?
According to Seventh Day Advent theology when does the 2300 evenings and mornings in Daniel 8:13-14 begin?
What are the most striking disagreements (if any) between the early Church Fathers of the second century?
What are the most striking disagreements between Clement of Alexandria and Irenaeus?
How are the religious minorities spread over Syria?
What kind of Christianity supports Zionism?
Who was Cain's wife?
What's the first ancient document composed by a non-Christian denying the resurrection?
What did the Trent lack with regard to Immaculate Conception that Ineffabilis Deus did not?
Enemy in Matthew 5:43?
If a person undergoes an emergency baptism, then recovers, do they need a "non-emergency" baptism?
Is there a connection between St. Ambrose's "casta meretrix" and Apocalypse 17,1?
The time of Abraham
Can a secular government ever be a moral authority?
According to Preterism when do the meek inherit the land (Matthew 5:5)?
Where did Jesus' belief in the devil come from?
Looking for source of quote about "doing what you should be"
What are the minimum requirements for becoming pope?
Is there a prayer to rebuke storms at sea?
Does the Catholic Church consider not administering a feeding tube passive euthanasia?
Why does the axiom of choice imply the existence of a unique God?
What is the theological justification for the British monarch worshipping in the Church of Scotland, rather than the Scottish Episcopal Church?
According to Preterism is the land mentioned in Ezekiel 37:25 "Heaven"?
According to Dispensationalism is "the land" of Ezekiel 37:24-28 interpreted as "Heaven"?
How do those who believe that salvation cannot be lost explain Matthew 7:19-23?
From a Catholic perspective, did Adam's body undergo any change after the fall?
Did Moses Have A Speech Impediment?
Is compatibilism compatible with the doctrine of the Catholic Church?
How was the 70 weeks of Daniel understood over the ages?
Is there a different way (without spoon) to receive Holy Communion in the Orthodox Church?
According to Methodism, is it possible to live without sinning?
Although Jesus takes away the sins of the world, are God and Jesus still offended by every sin that is committed?
Who is the Name's Day Saint of St. John de Brébeuf?
In the USA today are there congregations who still follow in the footsteps of J C Philpot?
Is there any historical record of Elizabeth the First's reaction to John Knox's tract on 'the monstruous regimen'?
Why did Jesus call Abel a prophet?
Does the seal of confession extend to bystanders?
Why do literalist Protestants reject transubstantiation?
What is the original language that each of these books were written in?
Jehovah's Witnesses and Shunning Reconciled with New Testament
Theology of self-realisation of God?
Are there any Bible that comes with explanations of each verses?
How it is possible to be one God in three persons (Jesus, Holy Ghost, and God the Father)?
Jehovah's Witness view on a potential member marrying a non-Witness
Was there ever a "Martin Luther" or a reformation in the Eastern Orthodox Church?
What evidence is there from scripture for why Daniel did not eat the King's food?
What is the Law of Moses comprised of?
What is the Justification of a priest acting in persona Christi?
Religious Blessing at a Non-religious Wedding
Did everyone tithe in Israel? When did the tithing come into the church?
Looking for a cassette tape. Help please if possible
Did anyone before Augustine teach Original Sin?
When is mormon.org going to be updated?
How can one say the Novena to St. Michael?
Non-Catholic and more obscure alternatives to an exorcism?
Copies of Thomas
Which denominations believe in modern (ongoing) revelation?
Limited Atonement and Perseverance of the Saints in Light of 1 Corinthians 8:11 (Calvinism)
Is there a translation of the Bible into Hebrew that is based on the LXX+NT?
Is there a biblical basis for the claim that humans are shaped into the God-human Christ?
Did the metphor of double-edged sword originate in Psalms?
Does the Catholic church consider Mark 16:9-20 to be biblical canon?
What groups advocate and establish "unlicensed" churches in the US?
The ramifications of the severing of ties between the Eucumenical Patriarchate and the Russian Church
How does Catholicism deal with the apparent paradox/conflict between "love thy neighbour" and "you will be rewarded"
According to LDS teaching could Adam and Eve have children before the fall?
Did Jesus heal a person with a chromosome defect?
Religious Offshoots of Christianity Ranked by Population
Did the two sides anathematize each other in the East–West Schism of 1054?
Did Martin Luther and Zwingli not consider each other brothers in Christ?
Does the Pope talk with God?
How does one reconcile the principle of justice with the doctrine of original sin?
Do Lutherans now consider the followers of Zwingli and Calvin to be their brothers in Christ?
Why would an Archbishop give such long notice of retirement?
What is Poly Scriptura?
The fall was part of God's plan?
Latter Day Saints, Adam and Eve and the Garden of Eden
What is conciliar folly?
Are there sola scriptura inerrantists who reject sensus unum as a general hermeneutic?
In Christianity is food recommended to be consumed using left hand?
Good Samaritan - Chronology, Geography
Do the Catholics consider Orthodox Christians heretics?
In Reformed theology, what exactly does the doctrine of "limited atonement" actually assert?
Was universalism the majority belief of the early church?
Caleb Name Meaning (Hebrew)
Is a Roman Catholic ever permitted to take the Anglican Eucharist?
At what age could a man start bringing offerings for sin in ancient Israel to the priest?
Into what eschatological category do the teachings of the Catholic Church fit?
Does Eastern Orthodoxy aprove the use of contraception?
Homiletic directions from the Vatican to the Universal Church?
What statistics are there on the age of conversions?
According to Calvin, how can God be loving if he created people to go to hell?
Who can give the sacrament of confirmation in the Catholic Church?
Where can I download the Antwerp and Paris Polyglot Bibles in PDF form?
Did Jesus know he was immortal at the time of the crucifixion?
Salvation Possible After Death
What are the arguments for the belief of the immortal soul?
Which church fathers taught involuntary universal salvation?
Catholics: how can the book of Wisdom be inspired if the author pretended to be Solomon?
Was Origen and/or certain teachings considered a heretic and/or heretical?
According to Catholicism what is meant by living in a state of obstinate sin?
Anglican Absolution
What is the Catholic interpretation of John 12:32?
How can we understand the SDA interpretation of Daniel 9:26?
Who could have watched the veil of the temple tear when Jesus died?
Do Catholics eat the substance of the Father during "communion"?
According to Catholics (and Mark 7:19) what happens to Jesus' flesh after it is ingested?
Souls being immortal vs all of existence needing to be continually and actively maintained by God
According to Catholicism, is Adam or Eve more culpable for original sin?
What are the various beliefs about the fate of honest atheists?
What is the reason that nuns always cover their hair?
Calvinist Disagreement with Valentinian Gnosticism on Predestination
What role does The Word have in The Trinity?
Did the early church teach that God performed the first animal sacrifice in Gen 3:21?
What does Catholic Church teach about the interpretation of the metaphor of "salt of the earth?"
How does the Christology of the Baha'i faith differ from that of trinitarian Christianity?
What is the biblical basis for the Eastern Orthodox concept of Aerial toll houses?
Is there an English Bible translation that includes all of these books?
According to Preterists what happens next?
Early Christians who Defended Licitness of Non-Procreative Sex?
Who was the first person ordered executed by a Roman Catholic pope?
In the history of the Catholic Church, has the Sunday obligation to go to Mass ever been dispensed of due to some serious communcable disease?
What prominent scholars and/or denominations hold to Matthean priority?
According to universalists, why should we obey God?
What hymns about death were common in the early 1400s?
Does the Bible list any "miracles" specifically accomplished by the Devil?
Why are some clergy referred to as "Monsignor" and others not?
Does the Catholic Church teach that it is sinful to vote for a pro-abortion politician?
To what name does Didache X refer?
In Catholicism, does baptism against the will of a dying, unaware person result in baptismal regeneration?
Who was the first person condemned to death by a Christian bishop?
Promises of God that help us partake in His divine nature
How can a theistic evolutionist account for the origin of suffering and death?
According to Jehovah Witnesses, in what way is Jesus human?
Who was the first person on record who was killed by a Christian or group of Christians for religious disagreements?
As a non-Christian, how to have best Christmas Day experience in Rome?
What is the biblical basis for carrying out social justice in opposition to the justice system?
Was Peter ever in Rome?
According to Catholicism, why did God create men as men rather than as angels?
Why did Jesus ask for forgiveness?
According to Catholicism, is sexual activity with a robot adultery?
Where did all the water come from and go during the flood?
Is a Saint Joseph the patron of men named Osip?
Do Seventh Day Adventists believe people who attend church on Sunday will go to hell?
Unique "traditional" souvenirs people may obtain from the pope or other Catholic prelates?
Which was written first Noah’s Flood or the Gilgamesh Epic?
What is the modern origin of the phrase "hell is the absence of God"?
What is the Bible's oldest Messianic prophecy?
Why does Satan collect souls that are subservient to him according to mainstream Christian scriptures?
Did Peter ever ask Jesus for forgiveness?
Are brief blasphemous deliberate thoughts a mortal sin according to Catholicism?
How to find out more about the the 12 disciples?
Why were the golden plates necessary if Joseph Smith received his translation of the Book of Mormon by viewing a stone in his hat?
Does intercession of the saints presuppose that saints are omniscient?
True Doctrines Or Heresies?
Why did Jesus compare one born of the Spirit to the wind?
Is the Christian concept of the Trinity influenced by Philo's philosophy?
Can someone atone for the sins of another, in the life after death, if they asked this grace from Our Lord before their own death in this life?
Is Matthew 26:32 and John 20:9 a mistake stating that Jesus told the disciples He would rise again then stating they didn't know after it happened?
If Jesus's death was not eternal, then how can it be substitutionary for the eternal deaths of humans?
What first century Jews were claimed to have risen from the dead?
Assuming the Gospels are eye-witness accounts, how were certain events recorded where Jesus was alone?
Life of Pi and how to believe
Does Judah's betrayal to Jesus have something to do with Judah's betrayal to Jehovah in OT (Jeremiah 2:23?)
Heaven and Earth shall pass away but my word will never pass away
According to Preterism has Jesus already delivered the kingdom to God?
Judas Iscariot is the twin brother of St. Thomas the Apostle?
The flood and living organisms
Protestant Interpretation 1 Peter 1:17
If someone is forced to take the punishment for sin (Jesus), doesn't that mean that God never forgives?
How do Protestants explain the relationship between justification and the works of the servants in the Parable of the Talents?
Why was Thanksgiving in the US traditionally the last Thursday before Advent?
When was the festival of the see of Peter in the 6th Century?
Are we sons and daughters of god?
Don't we need Biblically definitive eisegesis to Exegete properly?
Are there legitimate saints not documented in western hagiology?
What word describes the heresy of "Jesus is the Son of Himself"?
Detail about lamb sacrifice
Foot Washing - Required for salvation?
Who did Christ first appear to after his resurection?
John 3:16 vs 1 John 2:15
Was Adam blaming Eve?
Can time dilation be used to reconcile Young Earth Creationism and scientific evidence, regarding the age of the Earth?
Who are the missionaries and godly men who were helped by Keswick Theology for a fuller Christ like life and ministry?
What happens to a diocese when a bishop dies unexpectedly?
Do Paul and the other Apostles command the keeping of Kosher diet in Acts 15:29?
According to orthodox Trinitarians, why did Jesus respond that only God is good?
Reference for Comprehensive Prophecy Analysis in Scripture?
Is "formal schismatic" a useful category in practice?
Does the Bible ever refer to Jesus Christ as “God”?
Why do Seventh Day Adventists change the moral law using the ceremonial law?
Who is the object of the New Covenant and what are it's terms?
Killing in the Benedictine Rule
A more literal Bible translation than WEB
Do the Taylor Brethren use the term 'Trinity' in a specialised way?
According to pre-tribulation pre-millenialists, when would and will Christians be persecuted for their faith as a sign to the world?
Is holding hands and forming a circle around the altar during eucharistic prayer allowed?
Jesus speaks about actors/acting?
Why do most Bible translations bowdlerize the Tetragrammaton?
Did Jesus write a Bible commentary?
Can Mass be celebrated at any hour of the day?
Acts 8:35-36 and Baptism being Part of the Gospel
Does Christianity teach the circumcision of the breath?
Why female or married person can't be elected as a pope?
Does the Anglican Church teach that faithful are immediately reunited with loved ones?
What are the benefits of last rites to a mortally injured person in the Catholic belief?
Who's talking to John in Revelation 22?
Perpetual virginity of Mary: why did Mary see "not knowing man" as an obstacle to the conception of Jesus?
According to Anglicanism, is the Pope the Antichrist?
What were the doctrinal differences behind the Great Schism of 1054?
Was the Old Prophet (1 Kings 13.18) deceived by an 'angel'?
Legal base for "any male baptized Catholic is eligible to be elected Pope"
Why is Jesus portrayed as White in media?
Whom does Jesus refer to as 'infants' at Luke 10:21?
How are the words of Mary in Luke 1:34 incontrovertible proof of her perpetual virginity?
What is the present attitude of the Church of England towards the 39 articles and the 33 Homilies?
What is an overview of the similarities and differences between the Catholic doctrine of Original Sin and the Reformed doctrine of Total Depravity?
According to the Reformers, how does the doctrine of Total Depravity result in assurance of faith?
Is it accurate to call Abraham a Jew?
In the Catholic Church, can archbishops excommunicate people?
Guidelines for "becoming" a believer, according to the Catholic Church
How many prophecies in the Old Testament are about Jesus?
Is Seventh Day Adventistism considered an orthodox denomination?
Why does Christmas end on the Baptism of the Lord and not on the Presentation of the Lord?
Question about nativity and timelines
Can Catholics eat food offered to idols?
Was there a period in the history when all who believed in Christ allowed infant baptism?
Who would Cain be worried about slaying him in Gen 4:14? Up till this point, all that are mentioned are Adam, Eve, Cain and Abel
How do Pre-Millennial Dispensationalists reconcile Hebrews 8:13?
Why is the Textus Receptus important?
What is the "fideism" rejected by the Catholic Church?
How does the Jehovah’s Witness view of who Jesus Christ is differ from Protestant Trinitarian Christology?
How does the view of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints about Jesus Christ differ from Protestant Trinitarian Christology?
Why were the Pharisees trying to trap Jesus? What were they trying to achieve?
"As it is written in their Law"—A Prophecy?
Where I can find the complete Psalms?
A Christian that believe in one God and gives him no image. What kind of Christian is that?
How is it possible to have a high view of the authority of the Bible and a positive view of textual criticism?
Summa question on his quotation of scripture
Trying to track some information on those who rose from the dead on Good Friday
Matthew/Luke Generations missing between Rahab and David
Did Jesus definitely say he was a man?
Was the tabernacle ceiling straight or pointed?
Was the Catholic title "vicar of Christ" conceived as an "assistant" or an "agent"?
Trying to understand the footnotes in the documents of the Vatican II council
Have Jehovah's Witnesses indicated the upper limit for "overlapping generations"?
Do Preterists observe "the Eucharist"?
Is there historical evidence for an atheist argument about the New Testament?
What are the practical effects of sanctifying grace?
What percentage of US Christians are Dispensationalists?
What did Thomas Merton mean by cartesian when it comes to modern christianity?
Did Martin Luther believe in guardian angels?
Do Jehovah's Witnesses worship Two Gods?
What do Jehovah's Witnesses say about Matthew 16:28?
St. Augustine's views on salvation through coercion
If Christ has all power to perform miracles, how is that that "he could there do no mighty work" save that He healed a few?
Are there any Indian Christian traditions (Liturgical or scriptural) where God is referred to as "Brahman"?
Ignatius of Antioch: Christophoros or Theophorus?
What evidence is there that Jewish weddings staged a mock kidnapping of the bride?
Little drummer boy cassette
Do the Jehovah's Witnesses believe the new covenant is for gentiles?
The Golden Mass of Our Lady?
Reading through Ephesians 5 - is there any record of what Paul is quoting?
How did C. A. Muses revise Thomson's translation of the Septuagint?
Hallelujah vs Alleluia
Do Jehovah's Witnesses have one Saviour or Two?
What's the biblical basis to say that God is the only righteous being in the universe?
Does "all have sinned" (Rom. 3:23, 5:12) include every single human being?
What is the significance of Mary treasuring and pondering in her heart?
Why does God not love Satan if He tell us to love our enemies to be as His Children (Luke 6:35-36)?
Historical origins of the doctrine of God's self glorification
Catholicism: How to treat beggars?
Catholicism: Memento Mori in Christianity?
If the Weekly Sabbath was instituted at creation, doesn't that prove that it has been abolished?
Why is the "serpent" in the Fall believed to be literal by many?
Style of referring to a cardinal
Why doesn’t the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod have bishops?
In Catholicism, is an object a third-class relic if touched by a saint when they were alive?
Keeping the Sabbath and Colossians 2:16
Obligation to get married with partner?
What does St. Augustine allude to when he writes in 'Confessions'?
Would frozen holy water still retain its blessing?
In the belief of the Pentecostals, is God moral, immoral or amoral?
If God could make Mary sinless, why not anybody else?
Heart of the earth
If we had to make distinction, which is greater, faith or hope? [Catholic Perspective]
What does the Orthodox Church actually teach about Original Sin?
What evidence exists to support church traditions regarding the deaths of the following apostles?
According to Catholicism, when is the Scripture source of infallible doctrine and when is it not?
Are females given official priesthood in any christian denomination?
Why do some Christians bowdlerise words like "God", writing "G-d" instead?
What was the Jewish understanding of baptism?
Sources for baptismal exorcism of infants?
Besides Jesus, is there any other figure in the Bible that would claim that some of the prophecies in the Scriptures were about him?
How can Wisdom be Jesus if Wisdom was created?
What was the Crown of Thorn in the Lord's Passion made of?
Concerning the Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults
Apart from any claim related to antiquity, does the modern Roman Catholic Church claim to be ‘The Body of Christ'?
Are there any Unitarian Catholic Churches?
What is the difference in original sin and our nature to sin from a Reformed or Calvinist view?
Parallel German (Martin Luther's 1534) and English Bible in PDF format?
What explains the similarities in appearance between Jesus and a certain angel?
What evidence is there that the thief on the cross was not baptized?
Lazy o in English... SUN or SON?
Can a priest validly celebrate a mass without anybody else present?
Was St. John Vianney the first parish priest to become canonized?
Keep the Sabath
What prophets came from Galilee?
Miracles of the Bible versus the Qur'an
According to Protestants, isn't the bishop of Rome still a bishop nonetheless?
Did any early church Christian writers ever place Origen in a early martyrology or menologium?
Why is there no first Sunday in Ordinary Time?
What is the Dispensational Interpretation of Daniel’s Stone Kingdom?
Who was God talking to, at Babel?
What was the first light in Genesis 1?
How were the Vatican I and Vatican II councils related?
Can someone tell me what this crucifix/cross is about?
What is "Christ Consciousness", and which branches teach it?
Was there an official Church of England response to the 2002 survey of clergy beliefs?
Atonement in Eastern Orthodoxy
Robber Councils in Eastern Orthodoxy
How did Rahab speak the language spoken by Joshua’s spies
What is the meaning behind this coin of Pope St. John Paul II?
Did the original Greek scriptures use upper and lower case letters, in particular for "Holy Ghost"?
What is the source of the Martin Luther's quote, "We all carry about in our pockets His very nails?"
Who are the people who attempts to enter heaven but aren't able?
Why are the White Cliffs of chalk not taken out by the Flood?
How do Catholics observe Lent through a dignified and appropriate use of food?
Can the cloud of witnesses mentioned in Hebrews 12:1 speak to us today?
Did the apostles teach ideas about God the Father that were contrary to the teachings of first century Judaism?
What is the biblical basis for the historicity of the Bible?
According to Pentecostals, when were names added to the Book of Life?
Are there examples of "successful" celibate homosexuals, according to the Catholic Church?
Was there baptism in the Old Testament?
What is the mainline Protestant understanding of "unceasing prayer"?
What are the objections to Newton's critique of 1 John 5:7 and 1 Timothy 3:16?
What is the will of the (Catholic) Church when she baptizes?
According to the Catholic Church, is there a missing line between Verses 4 and 5 of John Chapter 2?
Is Baptism by Holy Sprit and Baptism by Fire the same thing?
Are Catholics allowed to drink coconut water during the hour before they take communion?
What is the source of the 44 assertions made in the Creed of Athanasius?
Was the Athanasian Creed ever translated into Koine Greek? If so, where can I find the text?
How do Protestants reconcile their confession of the Athanasian Creed with sola scriptura?
On what basis do Protestants extend the New Covenant to include gentiles?
Is Christianity evolved from shamanism?
Is the orientation of a grave facing East required in the Catholic Church?
Did the Devil pre-exist human beings?
Do Calvinists Disbelieve the Doctrine of Eternal Generation as a 'Begetting'?
How is the Logos person after incarnation?
Help interpreting a Christian allusion in Willa Cather's 'One of Ours'
Does Catholic Church condemn cruelty to animals?
The Ten Commandments vs Other Laws
Why are demons and other fallen angels loyal to the devil according to the Bible?
According to Pentecostalism, what is the impact of the sin nature, hormones, and the Holy Spirit on libido?
Do Protestants have a biblical basis for not smashing statues of Jesus?
Minimum age of marriage in the Catholic Church through the ages
What is the origin of the term Prima Scriptura and the background against which it was defined?
Christ as primordial sacrament
Connection between the serpent in the garden of Eden and the brass serpent
In Acts 25:10 Paul appeals to Caesar. What aspect of Roman law/citizenship was he invoking?
Title of video about judgment?
How do Young Earth Creationists account for the arising of millions of species after the flood?
Questions about this icon of Saint Sophia
Is my view of the Trinity accurate, and what is exactly the role of the Holy Spirit
Were Adam and Eve ever given the permission by God to procreate?
What arguments are there that, by him who is Logos, life was not - immediately and purposefully - created on earth?
Was Saint Augustine a Calvinist on divine foreknowledge?
Did the children of Adam an Eve marry each other?
Do the Rogue Pits of cemeteries still exist?
Did Jesus appear post-resurrection to twelve apostles?
Meaning of 1 Peter 4:17 According to Calvinists
What influence did Greek philosophy have on the formation of orthodox Christian doctrine?
Do Southern Baptist traditionalists agree with the Arminian view of prevenient grace?
According to Calvinists, what does "looking back" refer to in Luke 9:62?
Is seeing nudity a sin in Roman Catholicism?
How can Protestants authoritatively declare something wrong or heretical under Sola Scriptura?
What is the original explanation Christian Scholars gave for Jewish prophecies not being fulfilled?
How does one go to Confession before receiving the Eucharist if I am not Catholic?
How many prophecies from Hebrew Scriptures are fulfilled in Jesus Christ’s earthly life?
How were Jewish sacrifice different?
Is the Eucharist of non-Porvoo Lutheran church valid in the churches of Porvoo Communion?
According to Baptist when were names added to The Book of Life?
According to Catholics when were names added to The Book of Life?
Seeking source of a Calvin quote regarding wine in communion
What is an overview of the different predestination beliefs?
According to the Greek Orthodox Church can one marry a Maronite Catholic?
Are subheaders of Bible chapters part of the original text?
Better safe than sorry? Should you confess if you're not sure if you've committed a sin?
The New Perspective on Paul and the Christ Followers Self Understanding
Why is the ritual of baptism needed?
What kind of baptism do the Anglican's practice?
Meaning of Acts 10:34-35 according to Protestantism
Demon Possession in the Old Testament?
According to Pentecostalism, was the Pope biblically justified in saying that an unbelieving man is in heaven?
According to Catholics, what is the source of the "Creed of Athanasius": Tradition or divine inspiration?
According to Catholicism who was the Pope that immediately followed Peter?
Did St. Paul know the doctrine of the Trinity?
How do Catholic theologians reconcile homoousion with the vulgate translation of Hebrews 1:3?
Since St. Irenaeus was not a Trinitarian was/is he damned?
According to Catholics, was faith in the assertions made in the Creed of St. Athanasius required of those in the first 3 centuries?
According to Catholicism did "Sacred Tradition" include Gnostic sources?
Can a divorced aunt be a Catholic Godparent?
Did Prophet Jeremiah's soul pre-exist his conception in human form?
According to Catholicism did Pope Linus know that he was the Pope and Head of the Church?
What are the differences/connections between the Churches of Christ and the Congregational Churches?
What does 'orthodox' mean, in practice?
When God sent Aaron to Moses had they not seen each other for decades?
What is the purpose of praying over the water at an Church of England baptism?
What paths exist in the Catholic Church for a certain theological position to become recognized as dogma?
Could "The human soul is created at the moment of conception." be defined as dogma?
What is the origin of the cope?
Are there any Bible verses about 'Being on your Knees' that do not specifically mention praying?
Looking for song or name of children’s Christian cassette tape!
How does Catholic Church deal with priests who have since turned atheists?
Does God will the diversity of religion?
According to Catholicism, how can a relic help a sick person?
What's the basis for saying Jesus went to hell?
Is there any place in the Bible that Jesus Himself claims that all believers are members of His Body?
Common arguments in support of the partaking of the divine nature being possible only through Eucharist
How and when was the belief that a baptism late in life increases our chances of being saved determined to be false?
Which Reformed Christians deny the doctrine of common grace and why?
How do non-trinitarians respond to the argument that God is love necessitates the eternity of the Son?
Are there any Eastern-Orthodox theologians who question the historicity of, for example, Moses and Joshua?
Did Jesus have His Last Supper standing?
When was the formal title of Pope first officially bestowed on the Bishops of Rome?
What function does a Council actually serve in Calvinism?
Perowne's quoting John Calvin in Psalm 56
Did St. James write the Divine Liturgy of St. James?
Which denomination agrees with our beliefs?
Does a Catholic have recourse if a priest gives a ridiculously harsh or impossible penance?
Is Mary's human soul pre-existent in eternity?
Were Jews in Jesus' day binitarian?
According to Calvinists, how do Job's works correspond to his salvation?
Why do Greek Orthodox venerate icons and Roman Catholic statues?
What does it mean for the soul to be "immediately" created by God?
Did it reflect poorly on St. Francis De Sales that he offered a bribe to convert Beza?
What does it mean when Archbishop Ganswein stated that Pope Benedict XVI expanded the Petrine Ministry?
How much did the Cross of Jesus weigh?
How are the bread and wine explained by those who forbid images of Jesus?
How does the Catholic church distinguish between the human soul and spirit?
What does Reformed Protestantism teach regarding 'spirit and soul and body' (I Thessalonians 5:23)
Has the Catholic Church endorsed the view of Einstein on the Creator?
Do any church fathers interpret Luke 18:17 as teaching the necessity of infant baptism?
Is my confession valid if I didn't say the Act of Contrition?
What is the sin of St.Peter that made St.Paul opposed him in Galatians2:11?
Which Prison Epistles are considered to have been written from Rome?
Where did Martin Luther say
Meaning of Poem
How many Pentecostals and Charismatics are there in the U.S. today?
What was the 16th century Catholic doctrine on Greek gods?
Does Vatican II Church acknowledge the statement of Pope Francis saying he is the Bishop Dressed in White?
Does the Traditionalist and Sedevacantist ignore the words of St.Ambrose saying "Ubi Petrus, Ibi Ecclesia, Ibi Deus"?
Why do people think they need anything other than the KJV Bible?
Was this (allegedly gay) marriage in a Catholic Church valid?
Can a baby's baptism be nullified and redone the proper way, according to Catholic Canon Law?
Where did the darkness come from?
How do Protestants view the prophecy and birth of Jesus
Scriptural basis for a Christian Congregation to vow to “guide and nurture” an infant being baptized
What is the earliest instance of Eucharistic adoration?
Looking for Christian kids tape title with "Agapaopolis" on it
What was the intended meaning of the quotation marks around "sinners" in the old NIV?
Have any married couples been canonized at the same time?
Differences between first printings of folio AV of the Bible in 1611
Were there any saints who criticized the church?
The earliest assertion in Christianity that abiding in Christ is only possible through Eucharist
Is the Pope Emeritus infallible?
Complementarianism - What are the roles of men and women in the church?
If Lucifer was top perfect creature, how could he fall? [Catholicism]
What is the significance of Donum Veritatis if applied to Dubia Cardinals and Dissenting Clergy?
Why is the RCA church more literal in scripture where the UCC church is allegorical?
Did St. Joachim prevent the transmission of original sin to Mary by overcoming concupiscence?
According to Catholicism and/or Eastern Othodox, if we have Guardian Angels do we also have an assigned Demons?
Historical letters of investiture
How is "Free Grace Theology" linked with dispensationalism?
Reasons for Restriction of Tridentine Rite post Vatican II
How many authors wrote the Old and New Testament?
Is it allowed to receive the Precious Blood before the Body of Christ in a Catholic Mass?
Longevity of biblical manuscripts
How are conflicting views concerning latae sententiae excommunications resolved in the Catholic Church?
What happens if a host is dropped during communion? (Catholic)
When did Mary and Joseph marry?
When did lay people first get a vote in the general conferences of the United Methodist Church?
What KJV publishers today include the "Translators to the reader"?
Is there any evidence to support the claim that the Apostle St. Peter founded the Church in Antioch and, if so, what are the implications?
What exactly was the earliest start time of a Catholic mass before 1957? - What means aurora?
How much do we know about the Second Apostolic Council of Jerusalem of 69 AD?
Is Judas liable for his betrayal sin?
Does the Eastern Orthodox Church acknowledge the validity a self-started Eucharists?
How many Jacobs do we have in the Bible? Are there only two (2) Jacobs in the Bible?
How does one reconcile belief in objective moral values with the notion of moral progress?
Marriage to a Jehovah’s Witness is it possible?
According to the Methodist Church, is white grape juice an acceptable alternative in communion?
Calvin on Catholicity of a Doctrine
Reference for this "New is in the Old Concealed" quote that is attributed to Augustine?
What are liturgical honours and privileges for the Patrons of categories of people?
Why did Jezebel curse herself?
Is chastity only expressed in virginity?
Historically, how did Protestantism first arrive at a consensus?
Why is the Last Place on Earth St. Peter Founded the Seat of his Authority?
How universal are the "color" masses in the Catholic Church?
What theological problem in the Henoticon triggered the excommunication of the Patriarch Acacius, by the Bishop of Rome in the fifth century?
Why are the offenses against Blessed Virgin Mary are called blasphemies instead of sin?
What is Paul meaning of "husband" and "married to another" in Romans 7:1-6
What kinds of liquids can Catholics have while fasting?
Conversion from Orthodox to Syro Malabar Syrian Catholics
What can be said when applying ashes during Ash Wednesday Mass?
Why did the councils decide what they did on the Trinity?
Take your cross, how do evangelicals do this in practice - Matthew 10:38
Are there any Christian groups that believe in only One God (The Father revealed by Christ) and only One Gospel rather than 4 Gospels?
Regarding doubt, how do we apply Romans 14 in difficult situations?
How do you, Lutherans, understand the question of soteriology: atonement
What is the Biblical Basis for differences in the Dispensational and Non-dispensational understanding of the 70th week in the Book of Daniel?
What proportion of global Christians belong to denominations that accept evolution?
What is the basis for the Christadelphian belief that Satan is not a personal being?
What would happen if the Jews accepted Jesus?
Does Christianity allow for believing on someone else's behalf?
How does Luke target gentiles in the New Testament?
The Names of the Individual Sundays of Lent
Could the Tetragrammaton YHWH be an onomatopoeia for the sound of breathing
Did St. Thomas Aquinas deny the Holy Spirit proceeds immediately from the Father alone?
Do Latter Day Saints / Mormons consider themselves to be henotheists?
Why the name Evil-merodach
1 John 5:3 — What are "his commandments?" and how are they "not heavy?" (Protestantism)
2 John 1:9 — What does it mean to "continue in doctrine?" (Protestantism)
Who changed the Fatima prayer?
Seeing as there is only one mediator between God and man, what’s the role of the prophets?
What is depicted on this small piece of artwork with Mary and the Apostles?
According to the Catholic Church, why should we pray if God has already decided the best future for all of us?
How do Protestants against the use of alcoholic wine explain 1 Timothy 3:8?
Are Roman Catholic priests ever addressed as pastor
In the "Apostles' Creed" were they referring to themselves when they said "holy catholic church"?
What is depicted on this piece of artwork?
What were the godparent requirements back in the 1960s?
Why call men on earth 'father' when Christ forbids it?
Is Trinity A Roman Empire Construction?
Contemporary Catholic views on music in the Church: is music for God or for the people?
Why would a Spanish Catholic priest disapprove of German Catholic texts for Gloria and Sanctus?
Can someone tell more about this artwork of Jesus Christ?
Who was affected by the plague in Numbers 25?
Is the Church a business?
El Elohe Isra’el - What does it mean?
What is happening and written in this illustration/artwork?
What does Jesus mean regarding "Raca," and "you fool?" - is he contrasting them?
How do Catholics respond to claims that Christianity was paganised by the Roman Empire?
According to Catholicism, did the Temptation(s) of Jesus take place on the same day?
Where do the scriptures speak of a "Church Universal" on Earth?
How many wives did Adam have?
Why did the Catholic Church adopt the use of Latin, the language of the crucifiers of Jesus?
What does the symbology in this painting of the Trinity mean?
Does Eucharistic Adoration fulfill the Obligation of Penance required of all Catholics on Fridays throughout the year?
Are any of Arius' writings extant?
Does the Catholic Church consider Constantine's vision of "by this symbol conquer" to be from God?
Good Friday is it an accurate day?
Has a slave served as a priest?
What is the origin of the "religion vs. relationship" dichotomy?
What is the biblical basis for Jeremiah and John the Baptist being born without original sin?
Do churches in the West ask the faithful to leave their sandals out , while attending service?
Why is Judges 20:46 so 'over the top'?
What was the language that Enoch spoke and did the Book of Enoch get written 3000 years BC is there any proof or carbon dating of that?
Why is Ex 3:10 in the reading of the Third Sunday in Lent (Year C) in German and French lectionary?
Do Baptists consider immersion baptisms of adults performed to be valid if performed by other denominations?
Posture when singing the Marian antiphon in the Evensong of the Divine Office of the Personal Ordinariates?
Why does a priest say "The Lord Be With You” and a bishop say "Peace Be With You" as a liturgical greeting?
Where in the Bible does the greeting ("Dominus Vobiscum") used at Mass come from?
Why is there no archaeological evidence that Christians existed for 200 years after 70 AD?
What kind of movement or denomination in Christianity made being a Christian a personal/individual choice?
Do any Church Fathers comment on the merciful Nature of Stoning (Catholicism)?
Do the Catholics have any letters addressed to Linus, or to any of them, from an Apostle?
Do any second century Christian or Jewish writings discuss the Great Revolt of 70 AD?
What does "it is finished" mean?
Do Protestants understand Jesus to be both "the son of Adam" and "the son of God"?
Did Jesus act out His parables?
Is Isaiah 56:4,5 the prophecy about Catholic saints and statues?
Has Peter Lombard ever been venerated in the Catholic Church?
How did scripture get the name bible?
Find this quote regarding Inspiration of the Apocrapha
Why was Jesus asleep during the storm?
Resources in Helping Choose an Orthodox Patron Saint
Jesus marks on Paul's body
Salvation by the blood of Jesus
Proverb 30 v:32
GOD/JESUS - Greek - Yahuwah/Yashuah - Hebrew
How did Christians respond to abortion in the early Church?
Famous Pre Reformation Christian Pastors (Non Catholic)
What are the main differences between Jesusonians and Protestant christians?
God appearing to non-believers
How do soul sleep adherents explain 1 Peter 3:18-20?
Is there any evidence to support the authenticity of the Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs
Why are there differences in events within the Gospels?
Comparison of Age of Earth according to Biblical theories
Did early Christians believe the world was about to end?
What's the origin of this approach of trying to obtain meaning from the individual letters of Hebrew words?
What was the forgers intentions for doing their forgeries?
Without an annulment, a convert is confirmed and receives first communion
Can a priest give a Mass in American Sign Language (ASL)? What does he do when he is supposed to lift up the Eucharist while speaking in ASL?
Through what procedure is canon law amended?
Jesus and Contingency
How many died because of immorality in the wilderness?
Can you find scholarly support that Behemoth is an example of humble submission?
In Common Priesthood, what will be our sacrifice?
Is Hell, the Lake of Fire & the Bottomless Pit all the same place?
According to Catholic Social Doctrine what duties do Catholics have towards sex offenders on supervisory release?
Are the ancient indulgences still valid, those decreed by the previous Popes?
When did the Early Church begin and end their twice weekly fasts?
Did Lot's daughters rape Lot?
What do LDS believe regarding the necessity of suffering?
How can one have eternal life by the death of Jesus or by Jesus teachings?
What is older: Dead Sea Scrolls or Septuagint? Which is more reliable?
How did Christians get from the biblical feast of Passover to Easter sunday?
Is the Eucharist a Christian fulfillment of the Jewish OT Passover?
If marriage is not a sacrament, why should Christians care how the civil authorities define it?
How do Protestants interpret Ezekiel 18:20-32?
What does Genesis 3:16 mean?
On what basis does Thomas Aquinas say that the Church existed since the time of Abel?
Why should Christians strive to live long lives? At what lengths should they go to do so?
Resurrection time; afterlife etc
Did God establish Israel's boundaries from eternity?
According to Catholicism what happens after Death on the General Judgment Day?
Was the Gathering Relics of Holy Men in 1st Century common in the Early Church?
How many times is it recorded in scripture - instances where Jesus ate a meal?
What does Numbers 23:22 in Luther's Bible say?
The water and light in Genesis 1:1-3
Reiterating John 3:16, as in its whole meaning…
Do religious people believe in bibles from the bottom of their heart?
Psalms 22, The correlation between King David and Jesus?
Truly, I say to you, today you will be with me in Paradise
At what time did the scourging at the pillar take place on Good Friday?
Which is a greater sin - to eat meat on Good Friday or to spoil it
Moses called a liar
Could December 25 as the birthday of Jesus have come from Pagan influences?
What is the Christian counterpart of Sharia and Halakha?
Is there any evidence to support Matthew's gospel account of the curtain in the Jerusalem Temple being torn in two?
Does liturgical abuse make a mass invalid?
Did the American Restoration Movement (Stone-Campbell Movement) Have a Position on Original Sin?
Did John Wesley plagiarize Matthew Henry...?
Why doesn't the Bible also say a woman should leave her parents to be united to the husband?
How do we know the Sacrament of Communion as practiced in the Catholic Church was instituted at the Last Supper?
Was God "unmerciful" to Ananias & Sapphira in Acts 5:1-10?
How can apologists argue that if Jesus did not rise again then Christianity and the Church would not have lasted, when other religions have?
Do Baptists believe someone with multiple personalities has multiple souls?
Why did Jesus ask his disciples to collect the fragments of bread in baskets?
What authority can move the celebration days of Easter in the Catholic Church?
Who can move Easter celebrations in the Orthodox Churches?
Was Queen of Sheba black?
Will we be circumcised in heaven?
Why did the Apostles say to obey God rather than men?
Was the Apostle John's exile a major hardship?
Jansenism's views of marriage?
Sons of Belial in 1 Kings 21-10
How come Good and Evil fruit brought from same tree of knowledge in the garden of Eden?
Cardinal Cajetan and Martin Luther
Are any tattoos allowed under a Catholic application of the Natural Law?
Philip the Evangelist?
What Bible principles and scriptures apply to a situation where self-defense results in the death of the attacker?
How do spiritual fathers of Catholic Church explain a sudden urge to pray?
According to Preterism why wasn't Capernaum destroyed?
Is it appropriate to refer to God as "It"?
How could I bring up security concerns at the church that I attend?
How was the church structured during the time of 300 AD - 500 AD?
Catholic doctrine on spiritual vocation
History of the doctrine of religious vocation in Catholic Church
What should one do who was baptised twice in the Catholic and Orthodox Churches?
What are the predominant Christian views on whether Jesus had to specifically die by crucifixion? Could he have chosen another kind of death?
Did Thomas Merton write "I see no contradiction between Buddhism and Christianity" ? If so, in which writing?
Any radical transformation in case of incarnation without fall?
What is the difference between ESV, NIV and NKJV
Does a list of people mentioned in the bible who got saved exist?
Where does the principle of applying the concept of model to the Church come from?
Transcendence of God in the New Testament
According to the teaching of the Reformed Church do we contribute anything to our salvation or is it all of grace?
At what level does the orthodox church recognize the individual rather than the collective?
What is "state of perfection"?
What is the history of the term "state of perfection" before, during, and after Vatican II?
King David`s Successor
Why is "Friends" capitalized in 1 Maccabees in the NRSV?
Is a prenuptial agreement permitted for a Catholic marriage?
What was the stance of Arius on John 1:1?
How do YECs interpret waters above the expanse in Genesis 1?
How do creationists address the similarity between Irreducible Complexity and God Of The Gaps?
Could Luke 3 be Joseph's genealogy?
Augustine's importance to eschatology
How do Trinitarians explain John 17:3?
Where did the priests who served the Lord in Shiloh live?
Jesus answered him, "I tell you the truth, today you will be with me in paradise." Luke 23:43
What should a priest who commits a mortal sin just before Holy Mass do, if confession is not available?
Paul says in 2 Cor. 5:16 that "even though we once knew Christ by means of the flesh [ kata sarka], we know him thus no longer
According to Protestants what transpired when Mary was "overshadowed" in Luke 1:35?
In what work does Thomas Merton discuss atheists or people who do not accept faith?
Were all Nephilim evil?
Where in the Catholic Church is red wine used for mass?
Since when has white wine been used in the Catholic mass?
Nehemiah 9:2 were there foreigners in Israel at that time?
Is partaking of the Holy Eucharist the key to incorruptibility of the saints?
What was St. Robert Bellarmine teaching on human cooperation with grace?
Why are the disciples addressed differently in different contexts?
Did Jesus's rational soul or His spirit descend into hell?
How did Arius interpret Colossians 2:9?
Why does the Eastern Orthodox Church call the 49 days following Easter, Pentecost, and the Western Church does not?
Alternative Names for Eastertide?
What is the most accurate calculation of Jesus' birth date?
What is the right word, Jesus assumed a human soul or have a created rational soul?
Does the Catholic Church teach that modern churches have guardian angels?
Why there is no separated Book in bible for Jesus?
Are spiritual pleasures > carnal pleasures, according to Catholicism?
Essenes' Beliefs in Comparison to Christianity
What is the earliest use of the phrase "the Lord's law of health" in reference to the LDS Word of Wisdom?
What was influence of Thomism on the Council of Trent?
What was the hour of the Annunciation?
What work of Augustine is Aquinas Citing Here?
What does Neo-Scholastic Thomism say about the Charismatic Renewal movement?
Mark’s father’s name
The Glory Be prayer and consolation - Catholic Spirituality
Does Protestant and Christian denominations have stories to tell about bilocation?
Do Catholics believe that people can be saved without hearing the name of Christ?
What are the origins of the Our Lady of Grace statues?
Isaiah 14:6: ESV vs NKJV
Is wearing makeup sinful according to Catholic teaching?
Does Protestant and Christian denominations seeks the prayer of their deceased founder?
What are the Church Laws governing ingredients and shapes of altar bread in the Catholic Church?
How can Jesus saw Nathanael in John1:48 when he was not at that place?
Does the Bible forbid space exploration?
What is the difference between LORD and GOD?
Can knowledge obtained in a seminarian's confession be used to determine if he should be ordained?
What effects do Christ's passion and resurrection have on us right now?
Biblical justification of the salvation theory of Christ's death presented by Paul
Can a priest make disclosure of sin a part of penance?
Do Catholics believe that everyone should convert to Christianity for their own salvation?
Do the ancient churches built by the Portuguese have a statue of mermaid on the façade?
Where does this famous St. Augustine quote about the repentant thief come from?
Wall numbers in German church / during German burial ceremony
Catholicism - From where does the doctrine of sinless Mary come from Scripturally?
What is Adam, if he isn't literally the first human?
Does the "fullness of time" in Galatians 4:4 depends on Mary's state of grace?
Patron saint of professional excellence? Professional excellence and holiness?
Whether beatific vision gives us univocal knowledge of God?
Whether Ignatian spiritual exercises are good for the discernment of vocation according to Thomistic understanding of vocation?
Jeremiah 23:6 - “The LORD Our Righteousness” or “The LORD shall call him “Our Righteousness””?
Want blessing of civil marriage
When did the practice of tearing one's own garments start among the Jews?
Was the disagreement between the disciples in Acts inspired by the Holy Spirit?
Is there any Biblical Basis for 400 years of silence between Old and New Testament?
What is the basis for the Apostles devoting themselves to prayer for nine days in Acts 1:14?
Do the Edomites, Moabites and Ammonites exist today?
What is the Reformed Protestant understanding of God's Permissive Will, His Sovereign or Decretive Will and Efficacious Will?
Topographical Map of Israel / Transjordan?
What is the origin of Angel of God prayer?
Did Jesus or 'an expert in the law' first share the greatest commandments?
How long were Jacob and Rachel married?
Was any transgender person ever ordained as a Catholic priest?
Why does the Catholic Church legislate a minimum age for receiving Holy Orders?
Is there a denomination/sect of Christianity that believes that Jesus was the son of an angel?
Who documented biblical events before Moses?
Bible changed? Example from Arminianism vs Calvinism
Is the nature of God the father like that of Abraham the father of Isaac?
Was there any case of a homosexual priest in the early Church and how did the Church handle that?
Jesus death on the cross
Is it necessary to be contrite for every sin that confession is valid?
What does "son of thy handmaid" means in Psalm 86:16 and Wisdom 9:5?
Recommendations for Ancient Greek NT "versions"
Does the text of the 13th Century Vita of St. Dymphna still exist today?
Was Jesus good at singing?
Zechariah 14 and Acts 1 according to those who reject the deity of Christ
Should dating couples who put themselves regularly to the occasion of sin be granted absolution if they do not have a will to avoid such situations?
Where does calling Heaven "My True Country" come from?
Regarding the practice of "cast lots". Was this done by Jews only or did others practice it?
easy yoke and heavy cross
Can an indulgence be obtained for a deceased non-Catholic Christian?
Why is the Gospel of Luke the only Gospel to claim Jesus was John the Baptist's cousin?
Aren't Romans Catholics cults? As they have different doctrine comparing to Christianity
Where did people who lived in Jesus's time go to when they died?
Can a Catholic priest excommunicate someone for premarital sex?
James first or Paul's letters
Is Jesus the last Prophet?
Were the early Christians known by any other name?
How did Jethro know Moses's God?
Did God want Satan to tempt Jesus as a means of showing the spiritual realm that Jesus's love for and loyalty to God was undeniable?
Does God need food and water to stay alive?
Tackling Catholic philosophy and theology
Difference between Christ and Messiah?
Magi Kings. Good or bad?
Why was it said Salvation is only through Jesus?
Why did Our Lady of Lourdes say "I am the Immaculate Conception" and not "I am immacutalely conceived" or "I am the Mother of God"?
Aside from St. Vincent Ferrer, are there any other saints said to have had the "gift of tongues"?
Who were the Black Canons on the Augustinian Priory of Inchmahome in Scotland?
Do Catholics believe in other apparitions like Mary? Or is she unique in this respect?
If an Eastern Rite Catholic marries in the Western rite, does he/she need to formally change rites?
Do Jehovah’s Witnesses recognize marriage out of their religion?
What are St. Thomas Aquinas's views on fatherhood?
What was the impetus for restoring the Consecration of a Virgin in the 20th Century?
Why is there a need for a sacrifice by Jesus?
Why do other religions exist if Yahweh is the one true God?
What non-canonical texts do Eastern Catholic liturgies use?
Does Pope Francis write the books ascribed to him, or are they ghostwritten?
Can a Bishop forbid some literature to the faithful under his rule?
What are the relationships of the Gifts of the Holy Ghost to the beatitudes and virtues?
Is the Solar System Described in a Psalm?
What did Jesus mean by saying 'to the right of the boat '?
Why did Jesus said she is come to anoint my body to the burying?
What is the proper title for someone who was a pope and is now canonized as a saint?
What does Lewis mean by the things that stifle bitter resentment in elders in A Grief Observed
Were birthdays celebrated by believers anywhere in Holy Scriptures?
Does the Catholic Church explain why Jesus only appeared in short apparitions to his followers post-resurrection?
Does the Catholic Church put the death of Samson in the category of suicide?
Where is the reference in bible that JESUS preached for three and Half years?
Why is Rome referred to as Babylon in Rev 17 and 18?
Angelology: Can Archangels Have More Than 1 Set of Wings?
Why does the Fifth Ode (Prayer of Isaiah) begin at verse 9 and end at verse 20?
How do we know the unmoved mover for any given change must be singular and lack potential?
Why doesn't the Pope wear a biretta?
For people who believe in Jesus and not the devil, what happened in the desert?
Did the 19th Century Anglican Church have exorcism rituals or prayers?
According to Reformed Theology, why did the 70 Jewish translators include the Apocrypha?
Books of the New Testament for Greeks
What have old Christian writers opined about a couple living with in-laws during marriage?
Why Does Luther Translate "Alpha and Omega", in the Book of Revelation, as "A und O" (A and O)?
Are the notions of good and evil different in Christianity and Islam?
Is there evidence that Jesus was a Dalai Lama?
Where did St. Jerome say this quote about the manger of the nativity?
Does Augustine ever say that Christians in his time identify their Deus [God] with the Roman deity Saturn?
Is there anyone in heaven? (Catholicism)
How common is the practice of praying for the devil?
How is 2 Thessalonians 2:3 understood by those who believe in the imminence of Christ's return?
What are the earlier references to Mary?
Immanuel - How is the association between El and Jesus derived?
Is There Any Historical Evidence for the Resurrection of Jesus like some papers or something?
Should Catholics in a state of grace call themselves sinners?
How many Jews were there at exodus?
Percentage of Christians to hold pre- or post-tribulation view of rapture
What is the Trinitarian explanation or interpretation of Proverbs 8:22
Are these Messages between Pontius Pilate and Herod real?
Can a Christian in a state of grace know that they are?
Calvinism: alternatives to evanescent grace?
Did the young rich man sin by not following Jesus?
Historical Apologetic used by 7th Century Christians towards Early Muslims Regarding the Hypostatic Union and Jesus' Title "Son of God"
How would Jesus have addressed St. Joseph?
Is the Theology of the Body in line with traditional Thomistic teaching on marriage?
Did Erasmus use Codex Basilensis for his Novum Instrumentum omne?
Where can I find the Graduale Romanorum in Latin or Croatian in physical format?
How does Protestant Church explain Luke 2:48?
Was Judas a partaker of the feet washing by Jesus?
Are there other explanations of ”right hand” than masturbation (Matthew 5:30)?
Who was the target audience of the Book of Job?
What is the most sexually liberal church denomination?
What is meant by the expression that Jesus came in the fullness of time?
Are the John Schultz commentaries good?
What in New Testament invalidates God’s commandments from the Old Testament?
Mark 5 Jesus encounter with the demons. Relationship
Why didn't the Archangel Michael save Jesus when he was crucified?
Does Catholicism allow rebaptism?
How does the life of Muhammad, the Prophet of Islam, compare to the standards of the Bible?
Is there an ontological change in human nature after Jesus Passion and resurrection?
What is the meaning of "sola scriptura"?
How many people did Moses bring out of Egypt? How large was the area of the Promised Land?
Doesn't Calvinism turn God into a monster?
Do any Christian traditions exist as to what type of animal skin did God clothe Adam and Eve with?
Could the thorn that was given to Paul be a mortal sin?
According to Thomas A. Bailey what does “stark but reassuring order in the divine plan” mean?
Is Pope Francis holding and professing different views from the traditional Catholic church in the doctrine of salvation & teachings about marriage?
How did the "dubia cardinals" accuse and respond to Pope Francis's «Amoris Lætitia»?
What is the role of the Holy Spirit in the Thomistic understanding of vocation?
According to Catholic church, is a catholic confession effective if it is part of a calculated plan?
According to Catholicism, why did the robbers strip the traveler to Jericho?
Why do the faithful have to say "And with your spirit " in the Catholic Mass?
According to Calvinism, what should one do if one doubts their election?
Why do some Christians interpret Daniel's 1260 day prophecy as days and not years?
According to Catholicism did God conspire with Satan to kill Job’s children?
According to Catholicism how does a person discriminate between hearing the true word of God versus a hallucination or a demon?
What is the process of the Church approving a Marian apparition?
Did J. Gresham Machen consider joining an existing presbyterian body before founding the OPC?
Are there any Saints that have miraculously overcome death (should have died, but did not)?
In protestantism are all mankind equal under God?
Do Jehovah's Witnesses still believe the number of the 144,000 in Revelation is a literal number?
How well provided is Paris Foreign Missions Society?
Did the Apollo 11 mission result in a Catholic "bishop of the moon"?
How was Jesus able to be heard when preaching?
writing and pronouncing Bible references
Did Jesus have a physical body before his incarnation?
After how long is a JW called inactive?
Do any Christians sects have a Standing/Prostration Prayer like the Jewish 'Amidah' and Muslim 'Salat'?
What were the 45 theologians' theological censures of «Amoris Lætitia»?
What does "see" in "the Holy See" mean?
Is it sinful for priests or/and those in state of religion to hug women?
Where did the Catholic Church condemn naming guardian angels
What is the dominant theory of atonement in Catholic theology?
Is there any relationship between Aquinas teaching on the analogical knowledge of God and Christ teaching in parables?
Are there any Catholic medieval directives (rubrics) about what to do/pray/think during Eucharist Adoration?
Did Jesus have wealth and mansion's?
How does one become a "lay-minister" in the Catholic Church?
Where Did Joshua 22 Take Place
According to Catholicism, does Matthew 16:18 justify that the Catholic Church is the one true church?
Received the truth in the love of it
Are there circumstances where to "love your neighbor as yourself" also means you put him ahead of you?
A Question regarding arguments against the Nicene Creed
Didn't Jesus return to Earth after the resurrection when he appeared to Paul?
What date to place the patronal feast day of St. Mary’s Church?
Are there scriptures that deal with refraining from procreating for the benefit of mankind to eliminate hereditary disease?
In premillennial theology, is the last judgement before the millennium?
What are some biblical basis for judging between a true and false prophet?
What would be a divine image of a form that is in the water below the earth?
80s/90s Kids Christian story cassette
Can a person bearing false witness in a legal forum for self benefit be saved by confessing to God alone
Explanation of Russian assorted saints and festivities icon "Plenka"
Does R.C. Sproul elaborate on his position regarding images of Christ?
What is the Protestant view on a woman praying in the family when a man is present
Catholic Equivalent of Systematic Theology Books
How similar are the KJV and the Reina Valera bibles?
Did Mary, sister of Martha, anoint Jesus's feet on two different occasions, John 11:1-2 and John 12:2-5?
Are there any Catholic saints or notable theologians that have interpreted 666 in the manner as explained below?
Has the Holy Spirit and the Virgin Mary ever been viewed as a dual maternity?
How does the Tree of Life fit in Evolutionary Creationism
Is there a concept of a theological quadrilemma with regard to the person and divinity of Jesus Christ?
Is there any evidence that people of Jewish descent came to the Americas before the birth of Christ Jesus
According to Catholicism, if we can thank God for our fortunes why can we not blame him for our misfortunes?
Why does Isiaiah rail against Israel so much?
Catholic interpretation of Revelation by John?
Is there an authoritative resource that spells out the differences and similarities of most major denominations?
How would Jesus write his full name as, in civil records?
Exodus as justification for political or religious terrorism?
What is the signficance of the Prince of Persia delaying the Archangel Michael coming to Daniels aid?
Is there a Christian sect that believes only The New Testament and only Christ is God and The Whole Trinity exists in Him?
What happened to the saved manna?
Christian apologetics regarding the killing of innocent children during the Genesis flood
Is there any good book on history of the heresy of Modernism?
According to Catholicism, what is needed to perform an exorcism?
What are the "common-place utensils" that SSPX says occur in a Novus Ordo mass?
Where do the writings of John place chronologically according to preterists?
Is God unknowable?
Are there any Catholic directives (rubrics) from the 17th to 19th century about what to do/pray/think during Eucharist Adoration?
Was the Israelites affected by the first three plagues in Egypt?
How do eternal security believers explain these 2 scenarios?
Are devotional materials in Slavic-speaking Orthodox countries typically translated today?
How do Protestant Christians explain gender dysphoria/transgenderism?
Hebrew 1:10 means according to the Catholic?
Can baptized non-Catholics be virtuous?
The Wretched Word "Miser"
How to harmonize teachings of Jesus and Paul about work?
2 Timothy 3:16-17 , if Paul teach Timothy that the Scripture is sufficient, then why make another Scripture according to the Calvinist?
What happened to "the last seminary" website
Did Mary stay with Elizabeth till the birth of John the Baptist?
Can a Catholic eat the food prepared for the Muslim Eid al-Adha?
Issue comprehending Genesis and the Great Flood
When an offense has been committed, is it OK to talk to the other person through an intermediary or should it be direct?
Amongst many differing denominations, what is Truth?
Does Paul ever actually quote Jesus anywhere as a primary source?
Jesus and his Commands
Exodus 20, "And God spoke all these words:"
What is the meaning of: “a sword will pierce your soul”?
What is the difference between Calvinism and Lutheranism?
Do Bible translations matter?
What’s the Eastern Orthodox belief on the Lake of Fire?
Joseph Smith Translation of verses in Isaiah 42 vs the Great Isaiah Scroll
Why is acting not a sin?
If salvation is by faith , why do we have to do good works then?
Needing help locating a specific verse in the Bible about casting out bad influences?
According to Catholicism, is it sinful to physically harm abortion doctors to prevent them from performing abortions?
Why did disciples sleep at Gethsemane?
If the Geneva Bible was the Bible of the English reformation, then why did the KJV become so widely used?
How do proponents of Sola Scriptura address the ministry of those Apostles who authored no parts of Scripture?
What is the reason that intercourse is required for a valid marriage?
Adam"s DNA and its relationship to Jesus
Biblically / Scripturally Correct?
Replacement of sins with good
Do clerics commit a sin if they do not recite the liturgy of the hours?
Jesus said come to me all of you who are tired from carrying heavy loads and i will give you rest explain
How does Catholic Church explain the phrase " Ïn the beginning " in Genesis and Gospel of John?
What is the source for Tertullian's "woman is a temple built over a sewer" quote?
Can a bishop excommunicate a retired bishop?
What is Carlo Maria Viganò's religious order?
Baptism denial children?
Late for Mass, can I still receive the Eucharist?
Did the Catholic Church infallibly define that we can demonstrate with certainty the existence of God with the light of natural reason only?
Does the Catholic Church teach that the Catholic faith is demonstrably true?
Did the Catholic Church (at least tacitly) support any particular form of government?
What is the proper term for performing the sacrament of the Anointing of the Sick on someone?
Santification and legalism in the church. Has this become a means to justification?
In Referring to the Page Does Numbers 5 describe sanctioned abortion?
Lying loophole (Read description)
St. Tammany Church?
