Why can't I save search preferences? Specifically 'Autocomplete Results'
Does civiCRM support RequiredIf validation for Profile fields
How do I determine how many active members there were on a date in the past?
Can't make new profiles, or edit settings
Buildkit - amp test fails - incorrect response received
Status of form/profile usability
how do I exclude blank or null in a report
Subscriber User on WordPress Demo Site
GSoC 2016: Social Media Integration
Extended Reports Bug?
CiviCase losing Relationship in Case?
Pay later option on 4.7.2 using Stripe doesn't work - throwing error
Can I safely trim civicrm_job_log and civicrm_log?
Issue of membership contribution recorded but no membership created
Civicrm Removing AngularJS url
DeDupe: Prefix with and without period
CiviCRM Architecture - CiviCRM directory structure
How do I duplicate a mail template
API to load Personal Campaign Pages
Unable to enable a disabled group
Possible reasons for ACLs to fail
Which SMS Gateway / Service providers are available?
Event Reporting
4.7.3 Vs 4.6.14
Membership Structure Help
Which Extensions are you using with 4.7 which do not yet state they have a 4.7 release
API with between array
Group Type is set to empty while updating Group
How to pass custom variables to BillingBlock.tpl?
Membership signup/renewal erroneously reports missing fields after upgrade to 4.7.3
Buildkit - amp test recieved incorrect response while connecting to a test application
How to resolve error: "Recurring contribution, but no database id"?
Auto Renewal Membership Confirmation Emails not being sent - PayPal (Updated Title 2016-04-05)
Is it possible to downgrade or upgrade a membership created on CiviCRM?
Reporting Drupal 8 Bugs
Problem with loading (jqery / css) CiviCRM files in Joomla 3.4.8
why is the percentage of successful deliveries greater than the intended recipients in civi mailing report?
Settings values not showing up. Cache issue?
Is there an update safe way to disable smarty security in templates for CiviMail?
How do I allow custom date field over 10 years ago?
Page Load Slow Due to JS Issues
Is membership by relationship charged for?
Geocoding using google api
Is postURL no longer supported?
Merging case types in CiviCase
Responsive Email Layouts - Why move away from Smarty?
Including discount codes in membership imports
Were they a member last year?
Does anyone use CiviCRM behind a Web Application Firewall?
Custom extension, what hook to use for UserDashBoard
Unable to download CiviCRM
How to suppress columns from Manage Group search results
default email format on contact creation
Change multi select custom field to single select?
Exporting multiple choice fields
Which payment processor offers line item capability?
CiviEvent - capturing billing information, interaction (or not) with contacts
WYSIWYG Editor Messing with URL's
Can't complete install CiviCRM in Drupal 7
CiviVolunteer jobs in drupal views?
Fatal error: Class 'CRM_Core_Resources' not found in
api csv import - cannot find start page
Creating a new "Member" in one step
Connecting Civicrm to Quickbooks classes / subclasses
My users can't unsubscribe themselves from (or subscribe to) smart groups from Wordpress
EXACT search on a custom field instead of LIKE
How to disable sending an email after a recurring contribution?
How can I disable the JQuery date widget and all just text input?
CiviCRM & PCI Compliance
Adding dynamic data in CiviMail angular template
Preview page not shown in webforms
Want to auto populate city and state from an entered U.S. zip code, WordPress
How to retrieve all contacts belonging to a smart group
Donation/Contribution Page Best Practices
Clean reinstall on Wordpress
Targetting CiviCRM input field labels with css
Documentation on email templates
Working with Individual Contact Suffixes
Datepicker / CKEditor won't load unless "Access CRM" is granted
How to change DB user password for CiviCRM 4.7.3?
What setting is this asking me to change?
Webform - autofilled fields using "Existing User"
Should "CiviCRM: view my contact" permission result in user being able to edit themselves in CiviCRM
Database table name for events
How do I override the default date range of JQuery date widget?
push notification for the registerd participants for an event
custom field for subscribe page?
Split multiple user registration profiles into separate pages
Event Participant profile warning:The selected profile is using a custom field which is not assigned to the "Event" being configured
Attendance and custom field tracker
Dashlets and SSL in multiple secure virtualhost environment
API vs GUI language code inconsistency or how to best use ISO 639-3?
Total Donations By Contact
How to add many event's participants to a single group
CRM_Utils_Array::value how to set value to a hook_buildForm?
Add custom field and populated with array/data from a non-civicrm table
Could html be allowed in Price Option labels
How can I integrate custom fields in CiviCRM?
Participant wants to cancel Event
Unable to access clients in CiviCase
Why am I getting error messages when trying to search for cases in CiviCase?
How do I change the styles dropdown in message templates
Calendar of Activities for CiviCRM 4.7.3 on Wordpress 3.8.5?
How to display CiviCRM menu for non-admin role using WordPress?
Set custom field during Membership signup through a Contribution Page
CiviCRM not recognizing csv file when uploading
Error when executing Update Membership Statuses Scheduled Job
How do I create multiple records fieldsets for contacts?
Is it possible to insert a table in a fieldset?
How to have a Detailed Membership Report filtered/sorted by pertaining Organization
Edit 'existing locations' for events
Impossible to login with new civicrm user
Send an email function not always delivering
Problem with Event Calendar extension after upgrade to 4.7.3
Default value in custom field cannot be searched
Price Sets - Won't let me use recurring contributions
Huge Buttons with Simple Donate
How can I include CiviCRM relationships to node creations screens?
Change quick search ACL from "Access CiviCRM" to "Edit all Contacts"
CiviCRM issue when subscribing on behalf of an organisation with 4.7.3 and 4.7.4 releases
DB Error: connect failed (code 24)
Invalid API Key provided
CiviCRM training courses for beginners
Is there a way to apply acl to CiviMail's mass mailings?
Using event listeners in my extensions
Click tracking on anchor links
Problem with CIVICRM Notes (CSS?)
Civi posting additional records for recurring PayPal transactions
Unable to launch a fresh install of CiviCRM
Price Set won't let me turn off auto-pay on contributions
MyISAM, Cron, ERROR
Exporting custom profile questions
CiviCRM in Wordpress
Donations Made with False Name and Address using Paypal WPP
Access CiviCRM fields from Drupal entity
Help: Fatal error doing an export (Civi 4.7.4)
Recurring Events and Volunteer Shifts
How do I remove previous event details from new event?
What are these symbols on the batch entry screen?
Frontend profile search problems
What is Cron? It keeps on telling me that it's not running
Member Since date is now the same as Start date since upgrade to 4.7.3
Has Let's Encrypt been put into production with CiviCRM?
One of parameters (value: Array) is not of the type Integer - initially observed during import, but same when visiting Contact Record
Embedding a Drupal block in a Civi dashlet
With an upgrade to 4.7.3, Civicase has become inoperable
Required box not appearing, Event Registration
CiviMail Social Media Media Integration
How to insert youtube link in Civimail, like in mailchimp?
Incorrect results appearing when searching for events by date range
CiviCRM Multi-day Events + Drupal Calendar + Views
How to create activity for automatic contribution receipts sent
Suppress 'Unsupported locale specified to parseStreetAddress: en_GB' message
Infusionsoft to CiviCRM data migration
Contrbution Summary report on Average Contribution?
What is the timeout period for links in Civimail? Can it be extended?
Need Multi Site Docs/Instruction for Joomla
getting past event by participant
How to search PCP by date created?
Turn deduping off?
Authorize.net changes
Contributions - Receipt (on-line) Transaction # in Message Template missing
Moved Wordpress and CivCRM to new server recently
Civicrm registration form sending to Paypal but registration info not being sent back to Civicrm
"Create User Record" - possible to ignore required Drupal User custom fields?
Database Error When Upgrading 4.6 to 4.7 on Drupal 7
CIVIRM adding characters to Event name on submission to Paypal, payment received but shows as "pending, incomplete payment"
Environment Settings, mismatch timezone
Version 4.7.3: TCPDF package seems to be missing
Connecting Civi to a previous install's database
is the dupe finder working?
Drupal Forms + Civicrm Contributions, Doesn't process Contribution?
Is civicrm-buildkit safe to use in production?
does CiviCRM have the capability to handle approx. 70 pieces of data per customer?
CiviEvent online registration with multiple participants - move Payment Options to end
Set the Webform-CiviCRM Contribution Amount to a parameter value
Mailing issue. Could not identify any recipients. Perhaps the group is empty?
How to Disable Calls to CiviCRM site in 4.7?
Differences in results between 'Find Cases' and a 'Case Report'
Tags in contact reports
Civi Rules to send an email
search builder fails with date field in localized civicrm instance
CiviDesk's Google Apps Sync Extension
Edits not saving in Case Activity Tab since 4.7.4 upgrade
AJAX issues with CiviCRM 4.7
Advanced Search AND Operator doesn't operate for Multiple Tags Search (at least)
Can I search "Added By/Modified By" with a contact ID instead of a name?
Can I automatically replace the "civicrm" from all URLs with another string? (drupal7 + civicrm 4.7.4)
Civi is Requiring "On Behalf of Organization" fields when that's not even checked
Where to report Gitbook error (Problem loading page)
Is there a way to create a new group from report results (instead of adding to an existing group)?
PayPal Standard and Webform CiviCRM
"Invalid Contact ID" displayed after merge?
Why can't I access option groups?
4.7 Install, Database Settings Correct. Still no Contacts
How can I import custom data contact references as names rather than id numbers
What does the "All Cases" dashlet actually display?
CiviMail tracking opens stopped working after upgrade to 4.7.x
Civicrm fields in Views, present with editable fields?
Bounce type = Quota
error: "Found installation Canary" while installing CiviCRM
Can I create a block like of CiviCRM autocomplete search using "Search AutoComplete" module?
Get the "Smart" group of a user id via REST
Invoking hook_custom_tokens and hook_custom_tokenValues in Joomla
CiviCRM 4.7.4 (Joomla version) contains Drupal version of civicrm.config.php
How do I fix class not found in custom extension after upgrade?
Drush failing to build database during new installation
FIne-grained Volunteer Management
What Civicrm Theme(s) are better than Garland?
Has anyone every had to limit the number of memberships (of a specific type) that can be sold?
Webform CiviCRM not showing credit card payment fields
Can I batch data enter contributions using contact id instead of name?
Civicrm altering contribution page
Could not load settings file at: 4.7.0 wordpress
How to include an opt-out link (with token) in a reminder?
Did Yahoo geocoding stop working?
Can webform-civicrm cause an Activity of type Email to actually send the email from CiviCRM
Contribution Email Attachment Name
Updating Custom Form Value via jQuery not Saving to Database
Make badges using Event Reports
Using Profiles for Data Entry
How to Identify Contact as Deceased
When users are contributing a duplicate record is created in wordpress
What broke the contribution thermometer blocks in the CiviCRM 4.7 upgrade? How to resolve the issue?
How to search for emails "on hold opt out" and not "on hold bounce"
is it worth switching from Joomla to Drupal for better CiviCRM integration?
Command failed (cv php:boot --level=settings) when trying to run tests
Still getting "ERROR: You need to send a valid key to execute this file" when running cronjob
CiviCrm will not install on Joomla 3.5.0
Deleting vs. Disabling an Activity Type
Dashboard links do not open
System Status: Error "Cron Not Running" after update to 4.7.4
MySQL support not included in PHP - Wordpress Heroku
Intermittent instances of duplicate participant rows created - is this a MySQL issue?
How do I delete my account
Upgrading to ver 4.7.4
Integrating Civicrm in Laravel Package
CiviCRM - Sage Pay integration Issue
Find and remove contacts based on no activity, contributions, memberships and events
Using CiviCRM to manage a Community Center?
Does the Recipients - Edit options - location type for CiviMail override the default bulk email settings?
How to get contact id of logged-in user in JS API
Is There A Way to Aggregate PDF Letters the Way Labels are Aggregated
I have a list of requirements I am looking to fill -- Can CiviCRM do these?
Transactional emails, such as confirmations, are not going out
How do I investigate "Snippet type is unrecognized" when viewing contact record
Custom report with custom fields: Group By not correctly naming custom fields
Why does A/B testing cause 'dedupe by email' to fail when sending CiviMail to contacts with same email address
difficulty building civix.phar
Override TPL path dynamically
joomla front end payment process different to back end test drive process
Event Registration (Pay Later) does not retain address
How To Apply Membership Type Update To Existing Records
Installing and Setting wkhtmltopdf Path In Civicrm
ACL for Contribution Page?
Trouble connecting to SparkPost - Joomla 2.5.28 / Civicrm 4.6.14
Can I chain API calls through drush?
Extension page no more reachable
Contact table: managing a new field
Is anyone else seeing 502 errors with Civicrm 4.7.4.?
File Storage on CiviCRM
Can't Add Profile To Contribution Page
What is the best place to update Wordpress user on Contact change
Identify Volunteers in contact summary
Account Creation Form not showing In Contribution Page
How does one download the CiviCRM 4.6 User Guide in PDF?
How can I create a membership number?
Suitable for online social group?
Need confirmation: Membership scheduled reminders do not sent to any email on bounce lists?
Hide CiviCRM navigation menu based on permission
How to get name of Financial Type ID?
Drupal 8 - what's the status?
Back end credit card not sending info to PayPal
Batch merge error - wrong data type money?
How do I create a Smart Group of Participants using a Custom Data Field in Events?
flexible membership billing
Is it possible to restrict event registration to members?
Where is a list of breaking changes published for each new version?
Non-deductible contribution amounts are always $0
Why are all menu links being transposed to underscore?
Link CiviCase with CiviAccounts
Maximum rcpt groups count in civimail
Exported related contact info for contact sub-type
Breakout Sessions
After CiviCRM 4.7 upgrade, CRM.$ Not A Function Errors
Manage Group broken on 4.7.5
SMTP connection failing problem
Mailchimp pricing for Mandrill users
What causes Completed PayPal payments to be logged in the "Accounts Receivable" account?
Start new CiviCRM site in Drupal 7 or wait for Drupal 8?
Recaptcha not showing on contribution form
CiviMail forward to a friend not working (Mailing is not forwarded to the given email address.)
Change button text
I am having a devil of a time with CiviCRM email
Field names not showing up on profile screen Wordpress CMS
How can i solve search issue in civiCRM?
Recommended upgrade for my civiCRM with Drupal 6
Changing Browser Title in Tab
How does the API deal with the addition of an existing contact?
How can I detect potential duplicates in a CSV I want to import?
Edit profile the triangle just keeps spinning
Is my upgrade failing if the screen appears to hang
Where do you put human contacts on the Organization entry?
Detailed Contribution Info Not Displayed
custom fields type "Select Date" are broken as of 4.7
Struggling to set-up SMTP Configuration
Advice on structuring tuition payment plans. Membership? Contribution?
Trouble getting Activity Information with api
Dedupe failing on merge
Cron for all jobs not firing under 4.7.1
Does anyone have a working example for CiviMail bulk emails on Wordpress and 4.7.x
Paypal payments - Pending (Incomplete Transaction)
Has anyone compared the two Sparkpost extension?
Slow to open at first daily use
Where can I see what's fixed in 4.6.15?
How to show "Formal Title" on the view Contact screen?
CiviEvent URLs - differ between Dashboard & Manage Events
Multiple same results in directory listing
Mosaico and Imagemagick
Understanding unique vs multiple membership(s) (using Webform)
SOLVED - CiviCRM Cron Configuration on Drupal 7 throws unable to find key error with duplicate root folder in error message
Adding Captcha to the forms
"Unsupported action" error on attempting to install an extension
Remove link(s) from an Activity View screen via crmReplace
child groups do not display in manage groups list
How is CiviCRM in a Drupal Commons Install?
Can this Event Calendar Extension be added to CiviCRM core?
Thankyou.tpl fields
Social Settings on the bottom of contribute pages
Invoice with multiple Membership lines
Custom Data: Multiple Contact References
Overriding civicrm_webform's postprocessing of contributions
Search builder participants - relative start dates and event types
Can a user be allowed to Create a CiviMail but not Schedule it
Error deduping with custom file field
Financial types in contribution is always default and not taken from contribution page
How to display a frontend CiviMember page?
Honoree not created
Is there anyway to search on a non-primary email address?
Tying Contributions to Events
Error with CRON after updating to 4.7.6
Adding states to countries
CiviRules Identify how many times a donor contributed in a given time period
Chamber of Commerce with multiple levels and sublevels of membership
Manual geo code field in civicrm profile
ACL settings for civicrm in Joomla cannot be reset anymore
Contacts export only contains one entry
Input file must be in csv format
HTTP Status Code error When Sending SMS in Civicrm-Wordpress
What is the minimum PHP version for CiviVolunteer?
Scheduled reminders triggered by new relationship
Paypal ipn issues after upgrade to 4.6.15.
Where are CiviCRM's date preferences actually used?
Not all extensions appear in Add New list
Changing information displayed for Pay Later feature on contribution pages
How would I view an attachment PDF that is attached to a contact activity, through the REST API?
Change log rollback not restricted to a single contact
User account picking up incorrect user name
CiviReports filtering on email adress
How to link preexisting fundraising pages to 'contributions' when setting up CiviCRM
CiviCRM Initalization Error: DB Error: extension not found
can't search by first name last name; WordPress dashboard
Exports in 4.7.6 are not working correctly
Could not create a database trigger on AWS RDS
Can Drupal Views filter contacts based on Smart Groups
Joomla: Warning: Missing argument 1 for CRM_Utils_System_Joomla::getDefaultSiteSettings()
ACL setup to deny export rights
Outbound SMTP through Google Apps: Rejected Connection
CiviCRM 4.6 installation on Drupal 7
CiviMail not sending mails in 4.7.6 / Drupal 7 "DB Error: syntax error"
Accessing sent emails
Why does the Cron user show as logged in to the site in Joomla Admin area?
Why doesn't my dashboard get saved?
How to run triggerRebuild URL
SOLVED - Cron autorun config help please
Creating ACL for Smart Groups
DB Error: no such field afer civicrm_domain truncate
Setting petition in my own language
Advanced Search gives different dataset than same search in Reports
DB Error: no such field on Profile/Page link
Include organization name in employee's postal address
Why does a Smart Group disappear when assigned a Parent
Updating message template receipt to include all of the price fields selected in a price set
Contribution Amount via Webform Conditionals (Error)
Views integration broken
Testing a module which uses CiviCRM php api
How do I subscribe to a CiviCRM developer email list/group?
Civicrm Integration: Error while adding api function
Joomla CiviCRM 4.7.6 : Error Messages html displayed as text
Joomla account creation fields not appearing on profile forms
Best Practice for CiviEvent using Webform Integration?
Does removing wordpress user delete the related civicrm contact?
In 4.7 the activity 'Assign Case Role' is assigned to the client: is this a bug?
Drupal block not appearing on CiviMail page
How do I add a custom Name Badge?
is there a maximum number of memberships?
Why are some Activity Types with component = Contact hidden, e.g. "Inbound Email"?
member login; view & pay pledges
Membership renewal not updating contributions correctly
Embedding Google Analytics code on CiviMail message
Multiple value field makes Listing loop
Cannot create Survey when Events have 'is required' custom data: is this the fix?
Best WordPress theme framework for correct display of CiviCRM?
In 4.7 a contact's activites are in ascending date order: should that be descending?
Why can't I see links to custom file uploads when viewing an activity record?
Can we email additional participants information to the person who did the registration?
Links corrupt on send
External Email from Newsletter Mailing Fails
CiviReport - Can Report Titles be sorted?
In 4.7 CiviCase relationships are being inserted the wrong way round: bug or feature?
In 4.7 CiviCase, why does reassigning a role not delete the old one?
how to add a Pledge to contact
Does the Civi GoCardless extension use the GoCardless API?
Creating a Report on Donor History
Event Webform Templates?
Is CiviCRM a 'master database' / 'master system'?
Page that uses CiviDiscount-- not events or memberships
Unable to upgrade to 4.7.6
Shortcode button not launching modal
Issues with refunds for credit card payments
Sparkpost disable engangement tracking
Sending email to Participants of an inactive Event
Contact type is read only in contact summary
Get Temporary Files Directory value from my extension
Create and manage a custon table in an extension: How to
Why is CiviCRM Upgrade so Complex?
Editing Recurring Contributions without user login
Clearing A Report - Contribution Summary
Best practice for dealing with electoral district / constituency?
Problem with CiviCRM configuration (auto_increment) with wordpress (4.x) website
How do I deal with "Your database has already been upgraded" error?
What is the mechanism for tailoring an Angular form?
What's the Status of CiviVolunteer 2.0's Compatibility with CiviCRM 4.7 on Wordpress
How to develop extension that relies on libs brought in by composer
How can I change the 'Postcode' field to work with UK postcodes?
Exporting Notes for Contacts Resulting in Incomplete Notes
Using buildkit on MAMP but hitting "Fatal error: Call to a member function getDriver() on null"
Enabling CiviVolunteer 2.0 Volunteer Opportunity Listing
Why can't all admins see all components?
2 separate sites with the same php code
page not found errors for javascript following upgrade to 4.6.13 from 4.6.10
Trying to install CiviCRM 4.7.6 under Wordpress get you do not have sufficient permissions to access this site
Need membership form mod to control contact creation
Addresses not showing in walklist
problem installing civicrm 4.7 on Wordpress 4.5
Upgrading old version - Integrity constraint violation: 1062 Duplicate entry 'civicrm_handler_field_custom_file-class' for key 'PRIMARY'"
Chained API Call : Membership.contact_id EntityTags
Configuring Civicrm For Organizational Membersship And Not Individual
Creating An Automatic Employee of Relationship At Signup
Can I subtract guest fees collected from a membership fee when a user registers
Minimum Fee for Membership Types won't save
Managing & Adding Groups
Exporting Contacts - Reporting?
Search Confusion
WooCommerce & CiviCRM Integration
Join & Update Notifications
CiviMail - What is it? Need Info?
Unknown column civicrm_relationship.is_active while child smart group edit (create temporary table fails)
Sending one copy of each CiviMail campaign to a specific email address?
Report with filter 'yesterday' produces no result
State/Province display for a contact shows a number instead of the name for Vietnam contacts
Landing page and events for organisational member
Notify when profile form is submitted does not work (form with attached files)
Deactivating a contact for a certain timeframe
Price Sets with discount for combinations
Edit own activities created for visible contacts
Bulk sms to a smart group in civi 4.4?
How to edit a shortcode in order to change formatting of profile in a form?
How do we set up WordPress front end pages to allow our team to access CiviCRM admin tabs etc.?
suspicious activity HTML error
Error on CiviCRM event registration pages
Setting Different Fees For Sign Up and Renewal In Civicrm
CiviMail DB Error: no database selected
Activating component CiviCase failed
Kid gloves and hotspot flagging
API EntityTag-Create, tags not added if one already exists on contact
Event registration with participant approval: missing e-mail notification when rejected
How to delete/reorder a Contact from a Webform
Best Relationship Type When Organization is Primary Member
Changing Membership defaults to extending membership
Is civi automatically adding recurrence to contributions?
Website Hosting and CiviCRM
Multi-state memberships
Add a custom participant listing option
Can any New Zealand-based NFPs share their CiviCRM experiences?
Why do bcc: recipients show up in the headers?
How does CiviCRM handle multiple users editing the same record simultaneously?
Is CiviHR an extension or a separate application?
Bulk merge creating multiple address (and email) records of same location type
How to import csv file with some required fields missing
CiviMail not working
"on hold" - what happens with mailings
Webform Submission URL Access Control
Error Message Customization
Upgrade Fails 4.7.4 - 4.7.6 in WP 4.5.1
Stripe and CiviCRM
How many levels of security can I set for a data base of 12000 people with their confidential data?
How to use CiviX upgrade hooks?
Hide profile icon when using Profile in listing mode
Deleting email addresses from list
Recaptcha: Update Language
Send fee type to Authorize.net along payment
Webform Civicrm contribution multisite domain 2 drupal
How to add custom templates (tpls) or php files
How to extend Database Log Report from Contact
Buildkit - amp test failed - /root/.htaccess pcfg_openfile: unable to check htaccess file, ensure it is readable and that '/root/' is executable'
Null values -where do they come from
Views : Syntax error or access violation: 1142 (???)
hide select box options in contributed page
Should we install CiviCRM again and import cleaned up data?
Let participants confirm registration with one click?
Contribution Page has stopped working
Civibuild Install - Unable to connect to github.com
Trying to understand CiviAccounts workflow
How do I install CiviCRM on Backdrop?
Can a Profile have hidden fields with preselescted or predefined values?
Can I reference the contact ID of the Current Employer with a Drupal entity token?
membership recurring payments using Drupal webform
Dies CiviCRM support Stripe Checkout
Mass mailings and German law conformity – provide do-not-track for civimail (opt-out from track open)
HTML tags showing in Activity details
What happended to the ability to expand parent groups in the Manage Groups page?
Cron issue with shared hosting
The Cost of Civi
Creating a relationship when filling in a Profile
On CiviCRM 4.7.7 Error Exporting
Why is my mailing taking so long?
Why are contacts getting multiple membership scheduled reminders?
Why is Civimail sending exactly 30 emails every cron run through Office365 SMTP Relay?
Redirection to Organization Dashboard in Employer of Relationship
Dashboard Issue after attempted Installation on Wordpress 4.5
Why are membership renewal reminders going out for memberships with expiration date 1 year in future?
Multiple contact (sub)types for an individual
Can Attendees Modify their Registration?
Combining case timeline with case sequence(s)
Import and Export failing and returning no error message
How to Create an extension?
Unrecognized database version from 4.6.16 to 4.7.7
Can you import financial data into Sage accounts?
Why can't I delete an event?
Upgrade to 4.6.16+ caused site to fail with error
Settings - Date Preferences - mailing - start offset, end offset (what do they mean?)
Importing Participants
Issue with Installation Dashboard Not Visible
What permissions are needed for someone to complete a Contribution page that includes a profile
Is command-line upgrade broken on CiviCRM 4.7.7?
Credit Card Processing Fee Field
Update to 4.7.7 broke CiviCRM contact search
Install Error DB Error: extension not found
CiviXero - what's the status?
Why do I get a Content Encoding Error?
Is there a reason CiviMail won't send a draft if no recipients are selected?
Is it safe to delete multiple membership records after ensuring the Contact record has been merged?
What do these iATS - SOAP errors mean?
Only admin can access event registration page
Profile No Longer Creates WP User
"Already subscribed to list" message after submitting contribution (Drupal)
SOLVED - Cron setting for CiviCRM 4.x.x on Drupal 7.x via cPanel Cron admin panel
Anonymous users cannot register for a civievent
Difference between 'active' and 'disabled'
Saving in any frame just churns
How to edit php so civicrm can find the extensions
Contact images not showing after update to 4.7.7
Batch update participants by profile - show more than 9 fields
CiviMail not delivering to certain mail servers eg. wp.pl
Recommended set up for Individuals -> Member of Organisation -> State Governing Body
Different forms depending on user roles
DB Error: syntax error in civicrm/contribute/transact
why are non admin users having fatal error when accessing CiviCRM and dashboard doesn't load?
Civicontribute registration module with wordpress
Completing an abandoned PayPal contribution
How can I connect to CiviGrant users?
Can I apply a CiviDscount discount when embedding a contribution page in a WordPress page?
UPDATED State field selector and Profile Search not working
CiviCRM and WordPress User Groups and Permissions
Is it possible to set up to search name of attached document or better yet, contents of attach doc?
Recommended CMS for CiviCRM
Unable to create Joomla user account through CiviCRM profile
Can I import contacts from Outlook into CiviCRM?
Up to what version of CiviCRM is secure to upgrade on a Drupal 6 site?
calculate RFM in civicrm
How can I change the fields displayed by dataTables?
Cannot get to Upgrade Now screen - Upgrade from 4.4.3 to 4.5.1 - Wordpress
Multiple Entry Custom Values : Find modified ID?
Blank emails to some specific addresses
User Permissions Not Updating
Authorize.Net errors after updating to Civi 4.7
Can not add soft credit to an organization
How can I create a Drupal user when someone submits a CiviCRM-Webform?
After upgrade to 4.7.6(and 4.7.7) - Freezes on "estimating" when loading group into Email, when working with groups in general
Why is 4.7.7 CiviMail failing trying to insert a row into civicrm_mailing_recipient?
Use Drupal Views to select Organisation and display contacts with a particular relationship to Organisation
Can't create a 2nd membership type within the same membership organisation
Contributions and Events
Premoderation for webform submission before contact record change
Cron failing after 4.6.16 upgrade
user dashboard errors out
Manage Groups filters broken in 4.7.7?
Recording/ tracking time spent on Events
Fatal Error when renewing membership after Upgrading to 4.6.16
Keep getting HTTP ERROR 500 since upgraded to 4.6.16
Is it OK to drop database triggers in order to run a process?
full-text search not working consistently; case search in custom field not working
What are ways to make CiviCRM more user-friendly for people who prefer spreadsheets?
Online Contribution Page Fatal Error
When avoiding duplicate relationships why does Civi check for identical custom fields?
email bounce processing not working. site on AWS, using Zoho email
CiviCRM Rules - Condition for contacts created X days ago
CiviCRM Community Forums
ACHEFT-Debit possible with webform_civicrm?
Drupal broken after upgrade to CiviCRM 4.6.16
CiviCRM installed, but configuration screen not as described
Paypal Standard return update not completing
API Import extension
Trouble upgrading database from civicrm 4.6 to 4.7 on Drupal 7
Totals Row for Tab with Table Custom Data
Why doesn't the count of '0' change on Search Results when i select some records or 'all on this page'
Autocomplete filter in Drupal Views
Add contact info in contribution page
How do I change the fields shown for participants on the CiviEvent Dashboard?
Tracking the Processing of New Members
Use contribution page to record memberships at event
Scheduled reminders for rolling renewals not sending after first renewal
Is there a "best" forum for suggesting improvements to CiviCRM?
Extensions not discoverable in Civi 4.7.7
How to sell membership on event page and apply the membership discount? (Autodiscount)
Can CiviCRM be used in a HIPAA context?
CiviVolunteer enabled but not showing in navigation
After updating civi 4.6.15 to 4.6.16 no access to contacts
How to test for CiviCRM status messages in selenium?
Unable to install CiviCRM plugin
How can I link contacts & activities in a report or export?
Mail not sent from CiviCRM via SMTP or mail()
Civimail 'Send test email to group' allows sending mailings to groups for which 'Mailing list' has been disabled
After moving site to localhost links no longer work with clean urls enabled
Upgrade from 4.6.10 to 4.6.16 states DB already upgraded to 4.6.10
DB Error: constraint violation
Trouble with upgrade to ubuntu xenial
Using CRM to manage walking groups
Hanging Searches, Listings
Can civirules be triggered off a custom field of type date for eg Date equals Now
How to install Extension manually, ignoring certificate warnings?
How to add a checkbox like "I agree following terms & conditions..."
Civi mail - can not use Bold / strong or any h1-6 tags in email?
Quickform: Set the "Selected" value in a select element
Can't administer cividiscount afer upgrade to 4.7.7
Anyone using CiviCRM for Scholarship Management?
Contribution page loading slowly
HowTo fix: client denied by server configuration?
Cannot submit form on CiviCRM 4.7.7, might be related to CRM-18510?
Custom date field throwing DB constraint error "cannot be null"
Manage Emails Sent When Changing Participant Status
How to send one email to multiple contacts with separate individual follow-up activities
Images in Reports
Inbound Email - Formatting? (emails with HTLM code are ignored)
Profile Form for site is not updating certain fields
CiviEvent 4.7.7 Issue with Repeating Event
Can you customize a contribution page?
Where is "Unique ID (OpenID)" and how is it used?
How to get Geocoding to use my Google API key?
Error when registering CiviEvent: "Could not find valid value for id"
How to define a Custom Membership Status?
Changing membership category. Does that effect auto-recurring payment system?
Dequeue Backbone from theme load and load CiviCRM Backbone
Gravity Forms and CiviCRM
Custom Field doesn't show up in Advanced Search
CiviEvent - How to Template Profile Fields and Price Set Questions In Custom Groups
Unable to run CRON for scheduled jobs in Drupal 7.43 and Civicrm 4.7.7
How to disable caching?
How to add a field on Date Formats setting form?
Wat moet ik downloaden?
How to get url for custom image field
Reordering Fields Appended With jQuery
regen.sh - Call to undefined function db_query()
Multiple author for an extension module
Can I change a contribution's values for Financial Type and Campaign directly in SQL without danger?
Why am I seeing two identical payments associated with one contribution in 4.7.x?
How to Override System Workflow message template variables, single and batch
CiviSMS extension
Is CiviCRM HIPPA compliant?
how would I send a monthly email automatically
Household Membership Identifiers
Possible to import Contacts and Activities at the same time?
Has anyone run into scheduled jobs drifting on Centos7?
Hiding Extra Profiles when Manually Adding/Editing Registrant
CKEDITOR is undefined when form is being loaded in model frame outside of /civicrm/ path
How to Change Price Set Field Type without deleting and re-adding
Why can't I delete a Membership Status that has no memberships of that status
What's the best version combination for Drupal 7 and Civi 4.5
Geocoding: Can you only use it for contacts?
Title for Containers?
Is it possible to run CiviCRM on HHVM
Use Create Mode Profile - Selection fields shown twice
Uploading files through the API
Is CiviCRM going to ever change to be more like CiviCRM Webform?
How to Clone a Price Set Field and Its Options
We don't use the listed content managers. Can I still use CiviCRM for contacts?
How to (hide) NOT show £0.00 in Price sets for the FREE options?
Is there a roadmap for CiviCRM?
Is there a report that will group by source of contact?
Change of custom field type to bigint
How can I add a banner image in the confirmation email for a particular event?
How to limit number of participant less than 10 for a single transaction?
Can I add an automated "other" field using custom fields?
Test email does not match CiviMail WYSIWYG editor
Is it possible to integrate CiviCRM with a hosted VOIP solution?
Civimail & Drupal Multisite -- tracking url looks in wrong location for civicrm.settings.php
Contact individual Summary Print page Image not showing
How can a member view past and present pledges?
One page and auto link
Household member last name shows twice
Exposing custom field and custom option group to advanced search export
Invalid MailChimp List ID: 3b27444534
Is there a way to customize the Contact Dashboard?
Is there a way to prevent two 'home' addresses for a contact?
Webform form submit, and notify auto email in html format!
How to generate group unsubscribe link
Event Calendar does not show up on civi 4.7.7
Upgrading 4.6.4 to 4.7.7 on Wordpress Queue Runner error
Error when trying "profile search form" from frontend
Why do ACL roles not appear in Reports 'Access' option menu?
How to make tables with fixed header and left column - scroll vertically and horizontally
"Page www. ... .com does not work" when Submlitting Event Registration Webform for immediate On-line Payment
best practices for demo-site replication of a membership bug?
Unable to view profile instructions or see profile drop down menu in Contribution page
Displaying Custom Field When Using the New Organization In Contact Menu
Can an expired checksum provide any warning to the user when they get to the site?
How can i investigate what duration a specific checksum had when it was sent out
What to do when a CiviCRM demo site is not working?
Did my setting for checksum duration get overridden?
CiviCRM Scheduled Mailing Timezone issue
External URL for CIVIMail on localhost installation
Search counts vary by screen
Show/Hide a Price Set Section based on Membership
add CiviCRM extensions to local site
Cannot create or edit events - server was reset while the page was loading
How to create a free Membership sign-up?
Civicrm Reporting
API for update an address
Add CiviDiscount code "field" to a particular event on site
CiviCRM Dashboard Not Working - WordPress installation
What is Best Approach When integrating custom payment gateway to CiviCRM/Wordpress
When sending SMS messages - contacts must have mobile phone set as primary
why is the message templates permission removed on the Drupal demo site?
Does Using CiviMail for mailing lists on AWS violate the AWS Terms of Service?
Haven't seen this in a while: jQuery is not defined on CiviMail 4.6.16
How do I find users who have resubscribed via {action.resubscribeUrl}?
How do I find users who haven't opened any bulk mail from me recently?
Tableau integration with Civicrm
information about the underlying data-model behind civicrm (version 4.6)
'View in browser' link on mailing gives 'Access denied' error
Alerting Users of CiviCRM Maintenance
How can I create branching scripts that a caller can use as part of a membership signup workflow, etc?
How are civicrm_group and civicrm_uf_group related?
Failed to locate civicrm.settings.php
Unexpected T_CLONE, expecting T_STRING (PHP 7, Drupal 7, Ubuntu 16.04)
Civicrm report:Bar chart and Pie chart support for different modules
Is is possible to import cases into Civi
How to add the address column in a report
adding a column to the standard relationships report in Contact Reports
Display CiviCRM Admin Menu in Drupal
Memberships ending a day early before auto-renew
Sticking quick search target tyoe
Dropping thousands of records into a batch via SQL
Custom Report Template
TCPDF package is missing in the standard distribution
How do I add CiviCRM fields to a layout box / container in a form created using webform-civicrm?
How can I specify which location type address to use for a proximity search
"You are already subscribed to our newsletter" message
Can't Edit CiviContribute Pages after URL Change
How can i redirect a user to the PCP link once they login
Price set contribution field won't accept negative amounts?
CiviCRM 4.7.4 breaks Ajax image upload
How To View Documents Uploaded Through Custom Profile
Transfer event registration
Access denied with viewing group contacts
Any procedure to upgrade Joomla 2.5.28 to Joomla 3.5 with CiviCRM 4.4.4?
smart group change log criteria
Contribution emails not being sent - Direct Deposit/Pay Later
Submit Credit Card Membership (or Event Registration) Not showing in Admin
Group Membership Discounts using Group Based pricing
Looking for CiviSMS extension. New version?
Unable to Upgrade from CiviCRM 4.6.16 to 4.7 (Wordpress)
How do I change the contribution type for a contribution that was made before 1/1/1996?
Why do Activities entered via a webform *not* marked as Completed get entered into Civi as completed?
KCFinder browser shows empty pop-up window. How to debug?
Relationship type id stored in the wrong custom group column?
Views integration and CiviVolunteer
auto-renew required is not enforced
Slow exports when 'groups' field included - trying to debug
How can I allow opt-in subscription to specific groups with Webform CiviCRM?
How do I debug "Could not find valid value for ct" error message
Declaring multiple maintainers for an extension?
Add county to reports
Show Event Custom Fields in Reports
Menu bar missing on fresh CiviCRM on Wordpress
Are there other types of labels that can be created other than the mailing labels?
how the members can login to civicrm
Organization/Individual Contact relationship
Extra p tags in profile form inserted via WP shortcode
How to configure Views VBO action to disable relationships?
Authorize.net seal and JS in footer
Certain data is not displaying on records
Sync CiviCRM Events with WordPress custom post type
Error Event registration - When registering for an event
Bulk update relationships to household members
How can I set a Membership to Next Year?
Online contributions are marked as Pending (Incomplete transaction) status
CiviCRM and Webform Confirmation Page
ACL permissions Activities
Is there a setting to automatically Refresh Dashboard Data on a user login, or when returning to CiviCRM Home?
How to link to the CiviEvent registration page from a node field using entity reference
Specific reports from civicase
Adding new default components to the database
Civisualize not reporting Gender
Can I send membership reminders "retroactively"
Civimail New Mailing; "Track Click Throughs" and "Track Opens" off by default.
Merge contacts loses relationships
Problem to view forms registration for anonymous user
Contact summary email link open mailto: instead?
How to delete an address, phone, email, or website in a profile?
Cannot properly configure PayPal Sandbox
What is the correct return from payment provider URL?
What is causing default membership type error?
time taken for smart group updating
Civimail and Sendgrid limitations and scalability?
Price Sets for different groups
Message templates "access denied"
How many users in a network
Membership not generated by membership contribution 4.6.18
Undefined index: values in _civicrm_api3_api_resolve_alias()
Remote Database Connection
How to display Contact Summary address in an Activity Form?
CiviVolunteer install fails
Troubleshoot webform contributions
Themekey Rule to Present Theme on CiviEvent Page
CiviEvent - Payment Options missing
CiviCRM Installer doesn't find language files
Disable Outbound email or change SMTP server with an SQL Query?
How can I setup only contribution page in dual language
Membership Auto-Renew Changes in AuthorzeNet
Cancelling any additional participants when primary cancels
WYSIWYG Custom field Post Help text
Upload CSV zipcode
Credit Card swiping from mobile devices for event registrations and contributions
Event Info Page error with Joomla
How do I hire a good CiviCRM user?
CiviCRM REST API query doesn't return all fields of a 'Report'
Payment Processor Error 9003, and logging
How can I export/import contribution pages and event pages from one site to another
How to reset CiviCRM?
Scheduled reminders have stopped working in v.4.7.8
Has version 4.7 introduced an Activity Date filter problem with activity reports?
How to do a Mail Merge
CiviCRM Event registration form refreshes instead of submitting when logged out of Wordpress
How to successfully install CiviCRM w/Wordpress on WPEngine hosting
How to add the Recent Items stack (block)
authorize.net payment processor debugging
Registering for Event without Email Validation
When upgrading from 4.7.7 to 4.7.8 I get error "Specified key was too long"
Does anyone have experience with migrating a MS Dynamics database to CiviCRM
Two domains, one site how to manage civicontribute?
How do I turn on Detailed Logging?
Is this a bug? "Paypal IPNS not handled other than recurring_payments" appears when txn_type is recurring_payment_profile_created
CiviDiscount Isn't Tracking Usage
If i set Views filter for Country, should the exposed State filter be limited to just the states of the chosen country/ies?
CiviEvent: missing are Total Fees, Payment Method
Is this the desired/typical setup for directories after 4.7?
Duplicate Memberships
creating contacts from remote websites
Error on running cron job for mailing process on CivicRM 4.7.8
Pass message template id through URL?
specific confirmation email for an event?
Storing Personally Identifiable Information
Template file not loading
Import to Custom Field with Tab setting
How can I create a smart group with no matching contacts?
Can a Contact Reference field be utilised on a Webform such that the contacts pre-load on the form
Is CiviCRM right for our organization?
Using CiviCRM for Fundraising Pipeline
ACL view & edit two contact groups
What would cause civicrm_invoke to submit a large number of server requests?
Show validation errors on custom elements added using hooks
How can I find the CiviCRM Admin API key from Wordpress CiviCRM plugin
How to set API ContactType parent_id NULL or how to rename label?
SendGrid requires credentials for every login using WP
Importing Custom Field Checkbox Data
Exporting deduped information
Can't seem to access Session values in module's API file
Problem in civicrm upgrade 4.74 to 4.7.5 in drupal 7
Is there any way to add "Relationship Type" to a membership type that already has members?
Can I use Webform CiviCRM Integration to always create a new contact?
How to update ContentType Label through API chaining?
finding people with activities added by a certain user
Smart group cache not updating with timeout of 0
Trying to remove old version and install new
How do I Delete Documents I uploaded to CiviEvent?
Call to undefined function dl() error w/Joomla 3.5.1 & PHP 7
Easy way to read email on staging sites?
CiviCRM API page not displaying in Drupal
Database name on Wordpress can't include hyphen, but our host has mandatory prefix-hyphen-name format
Problem with imported case activities not appearing in the case record
Can users (non-administrators) log their hours in CiviVolunteer
Smart groups and date checks
cron.php display warning in error_log
Handling variable tax rates based on member's province
BOM readfile issue
Paypal standard IPN not updating event participant status or fee contributions
How to keep track of our constituents' nominations/awards
Customization of the donation receipt
Payment Offline missing on contribution Page
Outdated CiviCRM, blind SQL injection risk on parameters? (PCI compliance failure)
civimail sending email multiple times
Why Can't I use an Organization Profile type in a Contribution Page?
How do I view a "Scheduled and Sent" mailing without creating a draft?
What's the best strategy for upgrading CiviCRM?
What causes the SMS system to stop working and throw DB errors?
How to setup email verification for newsletter signup using webforms?
Display all Contributions with event, membership etc details
Custom mailing report
How do I implement actions for a custom activity?
Webform submission value token not working
CiviCRM Dashboard endless loading… + Warning: file_exists(): open_basedir restriction in effect
Using the wordpress plugin, how do I overide the the template files, ie EventInfo.tpl?
Migrating user data from Community Builder
How do I email to two addresses on an individual without Civi creating a new record for the second email address?
CiviBooking 1.5alpha error
database connection fails, but only in cron
Recurring contribution cancelled in CiviCRM but still active in PayPal
Blank CiviCRM Dashboard and Admin Pages On Drupal 7
Setting a contact's preferred email address per mailing group
Donations linked with PayPal
CiviContribute "Held For Review"
Localised custom fields
Missing Civicrm
Adding New Volunteer project times out
Importing CiviCRM Transactions into quickbooks
When does a '3 month' period in a membership status actually roll over
CiviRule Error on create Event
Scheduled Follow Up activity after creating an event
How to Create a New Participant Profile
CiviCRM 4.7.8 error after upgrade on eWay Recurring
Is CiviCRM for us?
Can automatic CiviDiscounts be contact-specific?
How are "Billing" location and "Is billing address" automatically set by CiviCRM?
Civix reports "Failed to locate civicrm.settings.php"
How can I make a mailing public after it's been sent?
Are custom Dedupe General rules working for anyone?
Forgot to make new database for civi... how uninstall?
Social Media Links
Contact id as an URL Argument?
How to get a CiviCRM popup form (eg create new Group / Tag etc) working via a Drupal link
Can we use a Relationship between 2 contacts, once in either direction?
Smart Group searching event participants not saving
Where is include_path set?
Cannot find import in menu
Cannot find the Contact Dashboard
Where/how to save global variables?
How can I create a contact (quickly) with multiple contact subtypes?
Authorize.net Automatic Recurring Billing (ARB) has stopped working
preventing duplicate transactions in authorize.net using x_duplicate_window
Is there functionality in CiviCRM for tracking the results of a fundraiser?
Unable to create a new mailing
Email-to-activity processing - not working
Track contacts who attended more than 1 event
Unable to change contribution status using API
Error with photo fields
how do I install an extension in wordpress
CiviCRM - Can not access Manage Groups Page
Several contributions generated after paypal payment
Smart Groups - cannot get smart groups to refresh
Embedding a listing or directory with variables
Modifying Contribution and Event Templates
How to localize opt-out link in mailing
How can I edit the name provided in the billing block for an event registration?
Allow WordPress Users To Edit Own CiviCRM Record
Pay Later option not displaying on front end when Paypal option
Group contact cache deadlocks
How do make an ACL to allow the searching of contacts in a smart group?
Recurring Memberships
After upgrading to 4.6.18, cannot enter credit card details in event registration
Webform contribution for multiple items?
Is there a way to integrate CiviCRM with Ticketspice.com and other Event ticketing platforms like Eventbrite?
Need help setting up Scheduled Reminders
How do I manually update External Identifier
Stats on website
Dynamically Change QuickForm on EntityRef selection
Financial Type on Contributions - Receipt (on-line) template
User registration creating duplicate contact in CiviCRM
Programatically obtaining a Profile's HTML Snippet
Wordpress permission issue on a fresh install of CiviCRM
Mapping of CiviCRM's Contact card fields to Drupal user entity's
Can a Scheduled Job using mail_report send Reports as HTML in the e-mail body, rather than as a PDF attached to the e-mail?
How to put your CiviCRM Contacts on a Leafleft Map in 5min?
Is automatic new Drupal user to existing CiviCRM contact linking a possible security vulnterability?
Exporting relationships
Missing actions dropdown
"DB error: already exists" when creating a Drupal user who already exists as a Contact in CiviCRM
Updating Civicrm Activities with Drupal Webforms
No Civi Confirmation Email After Using Paypal
Removing avaliable languages from Localization
Suspected external REST API not updating Drupal entities
CiviCRM Dashboard Hangs for 5+ minutes
What are the most popular extensions for CiviCRM?
How do I set text width in CiviMail?
Inconsistency with date fields in the API
joomla privileges: can't grant allow to add contacts
Should the API return code always be 200?
How to locate household for event participant
How can I turn off Extension Download Errors?
Any experiencing errors upgrading to 4.7.9, related to 'CRM-16189 Financial account relationship'
authentication failure [SMTP: STARTTLS failed (code: 220, response: 2.0.0 Start TLS)]
AH01797: client denied by server configuration
Smart Groups - Added contacts show status of 'smart' not 'added'
How do I import both student and parent information together?
How to position a custom top level menu before/after some menu?
Funky errors in 'drush cvup' / 'drush cvupdb'
Contribution Page - Unlink last year's contributions?
How can I assign an External Identifier to each set in a multi-record import?
Putting Together A Mailing List
How to upload multiple files to be downloaded by contacts in frontend
how to manage documentation of past events (add files, links, summary, etc)
Why does civi sets employer relationship on sharing address – even if api triggered?
Why the change in how Soft Credit information in exports?
Quickbooks Merchant Services Payment Processor extension
Setting up API access for WordPress installation
Error reaching public extensions directory
php putenv restrictions on server environment, how does this affect civicrm
For gift memberships, send email receipt to the giver
Searching by case - would like to sort by subject - greyed out
Drupal webform submission, send email to email address in form
Create a Group using a CSV of existing contacts with an ID
PDF formats page margins not applied
Local Extension Updates not appearing
How to exclude a lapsed membership from mailings
Send welcome message at signup date, not membership 'start date'
Is it possible to run the UK Direct Debit/GoCardless payment processor alongside Paypal Website Payments Standard?
How can I use the billing block and the invoicing feature to facilitate invoicing a third party?
Dashboard not loading and it crashes the site
Search Builder One of parameters is not of the type MysqlColumnName
Fetching Contribution Information
Sanity check for adding customer (sales) data to database with donations data
Change domain name (wordpress)
membership by relationship
getting error message "too many connections"
Cron is running, but not running
Repeatable Custom groups w/ required field
Add new case: "Case Type is a required field"
Paypal Pro Payment Processor problems
LIKE search in API for membership_type_id
Webform CiviCRM: Issue with Membership Options Not Displaying
How to handle donors that pay by wire transfer
Create Report From Scratch?
How can I sort groups by the date the individual was added to the group?
Multi statement queries in Civireport
Duplicate additional participant created during online payment(event)
Limit contact access to the user's group
How to change the display of case listings to show and/or sort on case ID
How to go about making a Core Tab on the Contact Summary screen view Inline instead?
No coding no CIVICRM? Or..?
Inserting images in mailing
Certain Themes break WYSIWYG in wordpress
Login Fails For One Account, But Not For Others
in-house civicrm install - but remote email install?
Smart Group criteria disappearing or changing
Payment area disappeared
How do I get csv file of Gmail contacts to import?
How can I show a loader on form (or page) while waiting for AJAX response?
How to write unit tests for methods thsat echo instead of return (e.g., AJAX call handlers)
Retrieve all phone info through PHP object-oriented API
How do I search for all unsubscribed e-mails across any/all groups
does civix need a mysql install?
How to control access to a Panel or View in Drupal based on CiviCRM Activity or completion of webform
How can we Make separate option for standing Orders
how do I set up the Moneris mpgClasses.php file to work with my wordpress install
Where is the membership id?
Payment Automation
Missing mailing list subscription check box in Chrome, and Edge
Where does the "Mailing" data come from in the Mail Opened Report?
How can I add Mailing Date to the Mail Details Report?
Merge all duplicate contacts (running version 3.4.6)
Email Templates when sending invoices
How to view multiple relationships in contact editing mode?
Error when processing Pay later contribution
Cannot install extension
Webform does not allow create new contact if contact not in select list
CiviCRM integration with bespoke custom CMS?
Wordpress left column - sidebar
Profile field pre and field post help on search pages
How to add Scheduled Reminder CC and BCC email?
Expanding the Relationship Notes field
Paypal express payments not completing for contributions
Suscpicious Database Errors
How to set all donation to redirect users to another page if successful payment is made
How do I set default for phone type?
How to connect with state and country table
iATS ACH/EFT payment verification scheduled job not finishing
Webform Event Fees in Combination
civicCRM hangs. Crashes site
Log table: nativecode=1118 ** Row size too large. You have to change some columns to TEXT or BLOBs
One Contribution page with multiple webforms
How do I enter multiple payments for one pledge?
Report Preview PDF not working in 4.7.6
CivicCRM public event registration failing to display
Why does selecting one (or more) tag options in a form created using webform-civicrm add *all* tag options to the user record?
Recently created event not appearing
How do I update CiviCRM following a security update?
Do Webform Contributions allow for using Grid Widget?
How do I display a list of civicrm events on a separate wordpress site?
How can I check if Civicrm mails sent through scheduled Cron are bounced or sent successfully?
How can I send mass email to all contribution page pcp owners?
Do you support SmsGatewayCenter SMS API Module?
Can CiviCRM manage sales opportunities?
Contribution page receipt (date and time)
How do I configure a free event ticket option for internal use without it showing up on the website?
Umbraco forms data into CiviCRM
Events - upload image
Note Field Appearing and Dissappearing
When creating or editing a CiviRule, not all custom fields are available in Condition Parameters
CiviVolunteer: is there a way to send mailings to smart groups targeting shifts for volunteers
Show all contacts
Dynamic or Cascading Dropdowns - how?
Change the displayed name of languages
Civicrm fails to launch - Wordpress gives "The plugin does not have a valid header."
Import Multi-value Custom Data Fails for Household Contact Type
Bcc not hidden on mail sent by SMTP - is this a bug?
Credit Card Payment after Editing Event Registration with more Choices
Is there an extension for adding a custom field type calculated field?
How do I scrape an old website into a .CSV file for data migration?
Migrate from Drupal To Joomla
Linking directly to Contact's Activity from Scheduled Reminder Email
Does Civi CRM have ISO 27001? And is it compliant with ISO 27002 and ISO 27017?
Can Civiccrm do this?
Should a second receipt be sent when payment method is ACH with iATS?
Memberships not being inherited by related contacts
Unsubscribe links have missing slash
I have selected a Linked Trigger for a new rule created using CiviRules, so why do I see the error " Select Trigger is a required field "?
How to create new custom event page in the admin area
add user to CIVICRM with Wordpress
What of these CiviCRM features comes 'out of the box'?
How do I create CiviEvents that occur in different timezones?
Show the CiviCRM simple donate form on Drupal static page or node.
Authorize.net ARB stopped working
How can I create public display of all Activities for Current Day + X weeks in Future (WordPress)?
How to get IATS working
Can't import Event participants
Financial Softwares to use with CiviCRM
Q: Import Field Separator bug?
multi day events in the core?
What are the recommended disable_functions for Civicrm, if any?
Extend quick search box
Same custom field name at Contact Form seems to be different for each logged in user
Adding Custom Field to Contact Membership Tab
Runtime Exception Booted CiviCRM, but failed to find 'api/class.api.php'
Live contribution pages coming up blank
Some contacts are shown as LAST, FIRST; some as FIRST, LAST
creating case types with different component than CiviCase for attached activity types
importing contacts
How do i add a new individual member?
How to uninstall from wordpress
"No user/contact ID was specified, so the Profile cannot be used in edit mode"
Radio buttons are before the amounts and on a different line
4.7.9 Civimail Exclude Recipients
Civimail Urls don't load and show Could not load the settings file at:
How to add case fields to activity report?
Google App Sync
Why are CiviCRM fields not displaying from a view in a panel in Drupal?
Event Discount Based on Number of Participants Selecting Price Set Option
Unable to access CiviCRM remotely
500 server error when creating entity reference field where entity is CiviCRM Contact
Entering fulfilled Premiums manually
can events be linked to bookings without creating custom fields?
How to install a security update
CiviHosting and MySQL 5.7
How to use ACL to just edit custom fields for memberships
Creating pdf from membership results in blank page
CiviCRM Dashboard Hangs for 5+ minutes part 2
MySQL Error 1064 when trying to upgrade from 4.7.8. to 4.7.9
Importing contacts and their relationships
PHP is being updated from version 5.5 to 5.6
Register Multiple People for Multiple Paid Events With Webform
Configuring cron using PHP cli method results in Permission denied
Member only page-login using civicrm database
This page requires cookies to be enabled
CiviCRM Upgrade Wordpress 4.4.5 to 4.7.10 DB Error: no such field
How can I increase the amount an existing monthly sustainer is giving?
How can I update a credit/debit card number, card billing address, or card expiration date to continue transaction processing - on Authorize.net
What's stripping the characters from my menu links? (ie. '?' '=' and '&')
modify contribution for price set
How can I modify the existing report template?
Why is my dashboard showing 503 errors? Is this a host issue or a civi config issue?
Questions regarding offline contribution receipt
Advanced Search: Proximity search fails; returns "We could not geocode the destination address."
Option to add new contact freezes up - won't work
Do we still need "Drupal Users Table Name" setting on CMS Database Integration screen?
How to associate drupal content types with civicrm new group?
How best to rearrange the order of the address fields on the New individual/contact from?
How are CiviCase Case ID numbers generated?
Bounce processor account password
Using households
Membership Receipts from Civi webform for On Behalf of Organisation
A Smart Group of Contacts
How do I store old leads so they don't bother the current leads?
STARTTLS failed in version 4.7
How to use Smart Groups with relative dates?
MapQuest Issue - Direct Tile Access No Longer Supported?
Event Template - can I increase the maximum number of participants value?
How do I ensure all Check Boxes are ticked for a single Custom Field on a Profile form?
admin htaccess exceptions
AJAX error when viewing contact groups
CiviCRM still creates MyISAM tables which results in Warning
CiviCRM reports do not support unicode
Soft credits for workplace giving
settings_location.php - is there an example
How do I connect a Drupal content type to CiviMail? CiviRules?
How to remove the dummy contacts from the default contact DB
alter/remove specific popup notifications
Problem installing and removing CiviCRM on a Joomla 3.6.3 site
Is it a bug that Relative Dates are broken in Search and Smart Groups?
How can I filter click-through reports by date range?
Is there a bug in Follow-up activity search?
Set up for a Scheduled Reminder using case activity
Attachments not sending when emailing a contact in CiviCRM v. 4.7.10
Recurring iATS contributions not creating civicrm_finanical_item records
Contacts: can one organisation be a 'child' of another?
How to raise a form error in \CRM_Core_Form::postProcess()
Change log - user permissions to view
Authorize.net Accept.js payment processor
Unable to Import, edit certain records and edit Group settings: DB Error: constraint violation
Can you use civicrm for inbound marketing instead of HubSpot?
Control Access to CiviCRM functions/actions available to Contacts
Membership signup when already a member
WordPress 4.4.5 no longer working?
Opt out is looping
Need to change membership inheritance
easy way to link an (offline) payment to a participant
CiviMail - Next/Send test disabled - Cannot send mass email
Problem in CiviMail after upgrade of CiviCRM 4.5.4 to 4.7.10 in Joomla 2.5.28
How to find not valid email accounts?
Mailchimp extension not pushing new Civi group members to the Mailchimp list
Recurring contributions cancelled in Civi NOT cancelled in Authorize.net
Contribution receipt showing no fields
Wordpress CiviCRM 4.7.10 - Sorry an error occurred and your information was not saved
Manage Groups broken in 4.7.10 (and possible workaround)
Wordpress - CiviCRM upgrade 4.6.8 to 4.7.10 causes HTTP ERROR 500
CiviMail - KCFinder upload issues - "You must be logged in with proper permissions", Chrome only
CiviMail mailing has 0 intended recipients
How to hide old contacts from default search? (best practices for old contacts)
How to redirect to a static url after member signup
How to a create custom field that is multi-line text or text area?
How to access multiple CiviCRM website fields for a contact in Drupal Views?
Assigning Case manager in Drupal Webform
SOLVED / Cannot partially or fully edit a contact profile - Uncaught CRM_Core_Exception / after 4.7.10 upgrade
Integrating CiviCRM with phone management software
Tweaking my.cnf for performance
Generating links or a popup to edit a single multivalue custom field record in CiviCRM 4.7
CiviVolunteer (2.1.2) doesn't show the opportunities in the frontend on Wordpress (4.6) with CiviCRM (4.7.10)
Custom Fields for Specific Individuals
Error Fetching HTTP headers - iATS Recurring contribution
hook_civicrm_post - on creating event cannot update the record in `civicrm_event` table
DB table that exists says it doesn't
Webforms with offsite payment processor development
What is your CiviMail throughput/sending speed with sparkpost?
MySQL to MySQLi
Access Instant Messaging in Drupal Views
How do I create a token that automatically gets urls convert to trackable links?
I set up and scheduled a mailing, but it didn't send. Now what?
iATS Extension Working, but Throwing Errors
Running a script from cli
How to create a better report template that includes CiviDiscount codes?
How would I build a drupal view that shows information from a case including who holds each of the case roles?
How would I create a drupal view that pulls information from 3 different activities that are all stored on a single case?
how to "petition" show using do_shortcode in template file in wordpress?
CiviMail - How do I force crmMailing.$invalid to be false?
Error 500 on Print/Merge Document page when doing Thank-Yous
CiviEvent DB Error after Update
CiviCRM Home Menu Blank - Drupal 7
What happens if a site "flattens" the location types in CiviCRM?
Mailing labels with multiple relationships
Does anyone know why I have two "Summary" tabs on each contact when I use a custom template?
Groups and sub-groups display broken after upgrade to 4.7.10
Update Reports not available after Upgrade to 4.7.10
What is the database schema for groups and parent groups?
Is Parent Group required?
How to add field for length of a specific membership type to Contact Summary page
Why does the donation process not produce a receipt either on screen or dispatched by email to donor?
How to relationships field on the contact profile
DB Error: constraint violation when a member renews online
Cannot separate CiviCRM database tables from Wordpress tables on installation
Copy old WAMP directory to new installation of WAMP
CiviMail - Sender appearing as "Info #NAME?"
Paypal Express not working with Webforms CIVICRM Intergration
How do i enable click tracking in UI
CiviCRM on Joomla or WordPress? Any recommendations?
How to import check box field data?
"Save contact and add contribution" button in the contact form
mySQL 5.1 to 5.5 upgrade - radio button data error
How do I change my organisation's address in a mailing?
Offsite payment processors
Add Custom Fields to Send Email Activity
crmEntityRef Populated with Custom Fields from a Custom Group
How can I customise the display of an event's associated images?
Getting a Custom Field Value on a Contact with Javascript API
Remove the login that appears at the bottom of a registration profile
multiple organizations?
How to pass field data from a Drupal node to the CiviCRM contact record of the author
Case Type page blank
CIVI EVENTS - Copy and Copy and COPIES of an event - Anyone experiencing the same issue?
Quick explanation of 'hidden smart groups' and why they're included in my mailing uninvited?
Question about duplicate matching rule for event registrations
CiviCase tab not showing up on contact summary
How to change the default license selection in `civix generate:module`?
can't add profile to an event
Logged in user information doesn't populate profile fields
How do we tie groups or memberships to a product and be able to mail with it?
How can I customize the User Dashboard (Frontend)
Does eWay payment processor work for Membership auto-renew
How to count event attendees with price sets and multiple bookings?
Can i retrieve an event that i have deleted?
Can custom tokens be used in Link data fields?
eWay Payment Processor error 9001 on contribution - help please
DB Constraint Violation in - possibly domain_id
How to search for contacts without a specific relation?
Events Payment - quirky scenario
Send Email to Assigned In an Activity
Fatal error: Out of memory - unable to create or edit Contribution page or membership
CiviCRM does not send mail to microsoft based webmail clients (outlook, hotmail and live)
Unable to download buildkit on ubuntu
Actions > Create User Record: created a new user account no email has been sent, why?
Upgrade CiviCRM 4.6.20 to 4.7.10 on Drupal - db error
Do I need to know Linux to administer CiviCRM?
Event Search results - hide Event ID and display another custom field
How to perform searches with groups of OR statements joined by AND statements
DB Error: unknown error (Tablespace is missing for table .civicrm_setting)
Search Builder Issue
How do i access the list of email addresses that bounced
How to programatically add an email to a newsletter?
How to code a handler for <action> HTTP requests?
I want Theme developer to have admin access to WP but not civicrm, is that possible?
Tutorial for creating pages with ajax
Discount Codes Stop Working After a Day
Adding additional admin fee on top of civicontribute membership signup
quick search autocomplete not working on civi 4.6.20 drupal 7.50
Specific Reports
Find contacts with multiple relationships of same type
Pay Later option missing on front end CiviCRM 4.7.10
Managing Large Conference Sub-Programs in CiviCRM
Spouse relationship in a Drupal view
Adding a contact summary tab
Create new CiviCRM database...?
Event registration expires - why?
Extension: Adding a contact tab
Users change own event registration
Are Scheduled Reminders broken regarding event participant status?
CiviMail template errors
Which Drupal permissions does a user need in order to see and change their relatives (contacts with permissioned relationships) in webform?
Why do we need new_link in the mysql DSN settings?
How do I get search actions to appear for multi-site users of one site
Submit redirects to Home page, DB Error: syntax error
CiviEvents with Shopping Cart - two email fields showing
Upgrade from 4.6.20 to 4.6.21 fails with fatal error (sqlfile not found)
CKEditor Issue with 4.7.11 install
Migration from Lexware Vereinsverwaltung to CiviCRM
When switching to CiviCRM from another system, what do I need to consider?
ACLs on groups of contacts
How do I perform a security update
Civicrm Rebux PHP limit?
How to use Amazon Simple Email Service for only verified email sender addresses
Error 500 with KCFinder in CKEditor
Create custom entity in CiviCRM with its UI form for data entry?
Error: DateTimeZone::__construct: Unknown or bad timezone (7200)
Custom Report By Relationship
How to re-process failed recurring contributions after updating card info?
System Status page empty and status remains 'critical' after updating from 4.7.8 to 4.7.11 on Drupal 6
Civi 4.7.11 Update on Joomla 3.62 with receipts
CiviCRM Installer Errors - Can't change DB settings
unable to upgrade from 4.4.5 to 4.7.11 - 'DB Error: no such field' (Wordpress)
How can I search by relationship in Contact.get?
CiviGroup Roles Sync - workaround for Smart Groups?
Smart Groups - Contacts by Adder
Adding fields to contribution searches
is there any way to restrict data export?
ical html feed has raw code visible at the top of grid
Is there a way to display a CMS username in a profile?
Custom CiviCrm Fields in views
When I imported new contacts, some contacts got error "record", what is that?
How can I display detailed Authorize.net error code info from civicrm_system_log in the Civi interface?
Can you share an example of a complex .CSV file for import?
What's the optimal way to install and track CiviCRM with Drupal and git?
Custom Event Field does not show for existing events
Unwritable Extensions Directory
After server migration, cannot add contacts
Are there up-to-date CiviCRM coding standards available?
Remove & reinstall summary fields
What does "Result Column? 'In Sector' Cannot be checked with participant" mean?
Can I set an entire membership type to expire, or cease to auto-renew?
Troubleshooting relationship ACL Permissions
Where do I find and change user interface displays?
Webform contact autocomplete only searches the first character of external ID
Contact form: determine which submit button was used
Quick search not working
Select list showing limited contacts, using “CiviCRM Contact” reference in drupal
Installation Error with WordPress 4.6.1 and CiviCRM 4.7
How can I export civicrm contribution along with its price set fields?
Edit smart group criteria resets Group(s) to Administrators
What is the best practice to change Email Address
How can I find out how many individuals are inputted onto our civi system
Can I disable Notify Activity Assignees for some Activities and/or user levels and leave it on for other Activities/user levels?
Contribution page not displaying when member is logged into site
Are Deduping Rules working for Contact Subtypes?
How to access images on server for CiviMail
Can't use button without forcing client to log back in and never redirects back to where it should
How can I use webform to "assign to another client" for civicase
Help with PayPal IPN
Related Permissions Extension: Existing Contact widget on Webform not showing related contacts
How to trigger creation of an Activity based on a Contribution being Completed - via CiviRules
How do you filter by campaign from the volunteer listing page in civivolunteer?
Mail not send if preferred_mail_format is NULL
Can you save an advanced activity search?
Wordpress User only to access CiviCRM
CiviMail not removing duplicate emails
Styling the webform contact autocomplete box
Getting an error with mailchimp plugin
URGENT HELP Account Suspended This Account has been suspended
Impossible to disable logging
Searching for incomplete fields
How to write custom report SQL
How do I add options to Communication Preferences
Cannot determine default context. CRM_Contact_Form_RelatedContact should implement getDefaultContext
Add people who have used contribution page to a group (or tag them)
Clicking Membership on View Contact Throws Error won't display page
What are the advantages of using one of the Sparkpost extensions for Civimail?
CiviEvent registration & IATS payment processing fails to blank page
Why do these characters - Â Ã Â - that were not added appear on Event registration pages created using CKEditor?
Configuring cronjob in wordpress installation (siteground)
How do I add a 'CiviCRM ID' column to an activity report?
Using civi for big data sets (1 million plus)
My Configure Your Dashboard stopped working after update
Importing Activity Error '1' is not a valid option for field custom_133
After a failed upgrade, is updating the table structure enough?
Converting My Data to CiviCRM data formats
New Website Users Connecting to Existing Member Record
How can I suppress the presentation of discount codes in receipts?
Complex multiple Selects in Custom Coded Reports
How to use API to bulk delete contacts quickly?
Save/submit button when profile is set to "view"
Multi-country use?
Best platform for a new website with CiviCRM: WordPress or Drupal?
SIMPLE CiviCRM events interface?
Custom Search Unknown column 'contact_a.id' in 'field list'
Where can i find CiviCRM volunteers?
How about prioritized locations in export
Edit contact inline
Custom report Action not working on new development
Allowing user to update their contact details while renewing their membership
How to assign a Contribution to a different contact or otherwise have the receipt go to a different contact
Section and Page Breaks in Reports
PayPal Receipts Showing a Pending (Incomplete Transaction)
Default CSS / Standard Directory Set Up
New membership tiers - how to structure?
How to make status always 'Completed' for activities added to a case?
Multiple Mailing Addresses Based on Time of Year
Drupal Views - Views Plugin - Gender ID
Preferred mail format select does not set current value
New Hosting - Blank Page in Wordpress
What's best practice in terms of handling Gift Aid within CiviCRM
Where can I find the field string length?
CiviSurvey - User/Config Question
Sending invoice from webform civicrm
Setting email reminders
DB Error at Installation
Selecting multiple radio buttons
Can we manually change recurring payment subscription statuses in the database if they're no longer linked to their original membership?
How can I export contacts and tags, but only for a particular tag?
Is it possible to force user log out if idle for a defined time?
modify API request using searchmodule_civicrm_apiWrappers
Forum CIVI registration
A question on my ability to import?
Multi-participant registration
What is the API for class CRM_Civirules_TriggerData_TriggerData?
Cant Change “Accept profile submissions from external sites” to No
Updating an option value with drush cvapi
How to download CiviCRM - no coding?
Is there an online store where I can buy CiviCRM stickers, t-shirts, books, etc? Should there be?
Adding to a specific group
CiviCRM 4.7 contribution receipts
Changed URL- and getting errors
Fatal error in live site alone : Call to a member function getStatus()
Merging memberships issue
Name Badge Date Format
CiviCRM Contact,get with group - change in result format
Bug datepicker field when more than one on contribution page
Remove events from webform when full?
Translate Personal Campaign Pages / User interface
How to show the City (Location) of Events in Event Lists using Drupal Views
Custom Data Set - Saves but does will not display
Bulk sms is changing my URL
CiviEvent location geocoding broken
Would it be feasible to store the fact that a scheduled reminder has been sent, without storing the content of the email?
Initialization Error when going to Civi CRM dashboard and adding pages/posts
How do I control the order in which hooks fire?
Joomla PayPal standard IPN configuration - Pending (Incomplete Transaction)
Contact Form 7 API plugin
A way to continue a mailing that was cancelled?
Automatically sync new Wordpress registrant to CiviCRM Contact
Can't save reports
Unable to browse images on the CKEditor in the admin area
Is there a way to include OpenID as a drop down option in the contribution lis? or Is there a way to convert OpenID to external identifier?
Currency symbols on pledge form
Search for address of person contacts through current employeer
Installation Issue - Database Triggers not allowed by hosting provider
How do I email a report automatically oh the 1st day of each month?
Import contributions without name
Do mass SMS work in 4.7.11 using Clickatell?
CiviMail/Cron Fails using BeeFree template
Column deductible_amount not getting filled in on table civicrm_line_item
Bug in Custom Searches - Date Added to CiviCRM
Batch edit one contact field (source) with same information
CiviCRM logging enabled. I am now getting an error on mysqldump. Unknown storage engine 'ARCHIVE'
How can I preview a contribution page
How to create a drupal 'contact me' link where the user is a contact reference field of Contact B in a civi relationship
MailGun through WordPress
Can we add an approval process/queue to emails sent through CiviCRM?
What determines the suite of Case Roles presented for assignment on the CIVICRM Webform Case Tab?
Is it possible to limit access to field through ACL or drupal permissions?
How do you delete a tag set?
How to fix the 'send from' when using the Action pull-down to "Send Now"
Tax not applied when performing backend membership renewal
eWAY payment processor not sending receipts on membership signup
Can't add profiles to contribution page (DB Error: constraint violation)
Fatal error: Uncaught CRM_Core_Exception: Found installation canary
Sending SMS on event registration
How can I change activity duration from minutes to hours?
Using a Variable/Token for Config Directories to Get Site Root Path
Multiple participant registration not tied to contribution for paid events?
Managing multiple CiviCRM relationships in a Drupal View: A case study for A->C plus B->C relationships
Can I mock the CiviCRM API for unit tests?
Can webform be used to terminate one Case Role and create a replacement?
Using HTML snippets for Forms no longer an option?
CiviDiscount that is dependent on status as of event date?
How can I create a report that shows contacts with no activities within a certain date range?
Installing CiviCRM 4.7 in Drupal 7 can't match requirements
import contacts Sorry but we are not able to provide this at the moment
Is there a way to make a contact page immediately visually arresting?
MySQL errors when transferring database from one server to another
Not allowed to view the pages after upgrade
Who is 'backup_Mk047aB'@'%' from the error 'The user specified as a definer ('backup_Mk047aB'@'%') does not exist'
Using Views with two sql servers
Civix: how to install and generate a skeletal extension (drupal)
HowTo: crmApi get rows with date between
How to get list of memberships whose start date is between a date range?
Extension Maintenance: Settings
GitHub, Jenkins and coding standards
Import participants with fee levels and price sets
GitHub Pull Request errors
Process Inbound Emails Failed: No mail protocol
civibuild failed to create symbolic link 'bower'
Checksum wiping out member since date!
How to enable "Manage Extensions?"
CiviCRM Raw Data Files
Email templates stripped of style tags
Why is formatting now removed from pasted test? And how do I fix it?
Membership -Turn Renewal Reminders Off (only for certain contacts)
Impossible to get the source field with the Contribution API
Paypal Payment - Express Checkout page not reachable
Will unsupervised dedupe rules be used in API Contact create?
cumulative donation report
Profile sync using CiviCRM WordPress Profile Sync
Upgrading CiviCRM 4.0.1 to 4.1.0
MyISAM engine error but the DB is all InnoDB
Unknown mailing status on few mailings recipients
Testing email set up of reports
civix generate:module org.civicrm.angularex error
Thank You Letter Report
Has anyone gotten CiviRebux working?
unserialize(): Error at offset 11218 of 25832 bytes in CRM_Core_BAO_Cache::getItem()
Reality check: Can CiviCRM be implemented by a nondeveloper with limited time?
How to output 'Event Source' field for attendees of an event?
Blank Screen When Clicking on CiviCRM in Wordpress - No Administer Panel
Creating activities in code adds extraneous contact to 'with' field
Fatal error: Out of memory - CiviMail
No New Extensions showing
How to debug a recurring subscription that is not updating membership
Network Error and DB Error on contact subtype with custom fields
Redirecting Wordpress users on login
Creating custom fields: 1) previous address 2) number of years at this address
Does CiviCRM integrate with Raiser's Edge?
Measure open rates for standard emails from Civi, not from Civimail
View With CiviCRM Line Items
There is some inconsistent/confusing workflow managing contacts from smart groups?
Is it possible to send an email when a person's birthday falls on a certain day of the week?
Including pictures in our Newsletter
Copy a Sites Customizations (Custom Fields, report instances, etc)
Why, in Civicase, is 'other relationships' purely additive & why do they show up on every subsequent case?
"MySQL support not included in PHP error" in CiviCRM-4.7.10-wordpress
404 on link to edit contact with contact hash
Do I need root access to my database to use CiviCRM?
Merging contacts and cases
Can CiviCRM do mass/bulk targeted e-mail "blasts" and "petitions" like Salsa, NationBuilder and other for-profit platforms?
Membership Set Up - Renewal Reminders - Inherited Memberships
Chain API call multiple parameters issue
How to extend end date limit for Membership?
Error on CiviCRM Installer Page
Dependency on php5.6-simplexml goes unchecked, is that a bug?
How do I change an incorrect contribution status to Completed?
Issue Setting CiviCRM up with Wordpress Multi-Site
fatal error: Unknown column 'contribution_source' in 'order clause'
restructuring membership programs for civicrm from altru
Report containing groups and the key contact details for that group
Importing without changing primary address
How do I use Table Cell Separator when creating Thank You letters?
Manually adjusting a contribution in the database
Send test mail works, CiviMail doesn't
Open Ended Pledges
How do I add Financial Type
Adding Custom Data Set - get multiple Data Sets on Summary Display page
Default value for a (non-custom) profile field
Should I disable extensions prior to upgrading CiviCRM?
Drupal Views Exposed Filter (operators) and CiviCRM Multiple Tags
Modify the Tags (Categories) Administration page
Redirect URL after contribution
Problems accessing Activity and Mailings
Relationships Search other than via Advanced Search?
Totals without showing each contact in Contact related reports
Migrating database into a newer version of civicrm?
Batch number missing in version number in civicrm.php
CiviCRM WordPress Member Sync - adding a new role or changing an existing one
Webfaction hosting, behind a proxy - broken dashlet
What is the best way to use CiviCRM for on-site registration at an event?
White screen in 4.7.12
How can I efficiently dedupe a very large number of records?
Dropdown Custom Field - Is this possible
ts() function not define
Change Email Address and Name Fields from required to not required during uploading of records
Attach a file to a donation
Petition Email Error When Creating New Petition
CiviHR/hrbank: Incorrect datetime value: '0' for column 'created_date
how to display uploaded file in profile
Contribution updating the wrong members record
Nationalities extension with dual citizenship
Tracking Call Histories
Update custom field in CiviCase using batch profile?
Sybunt and Lybunt Report fields
Clean Up Caches and Update Paths
Unable to add membership types
BCC emails not working - is there a log I can view?
Update to 4.7.12 failed
Did anyone have a problem with CKEditor after 4.6.22 upgrade?
How to create a campaign
finding members without e-mail addresses
Format Contribution Form Using Pricesets
Using the link to Set up a Personal Campaign Page gives 404 page error
Why Membership and Other Amount doubles receipt amount
Rule will not create drupal user record for CiviCRM contact
How to bootstrap CiviCRM with admin permissions in a Wordpress environment?
Repeat Contributions Report - Where Is Data Pulling From?
What is the installation canary?
Adding a google pixel to a Contribution Page
Issue where soft-credits will not save
Scheduled Reminder Email is Empty
Can't Remove CiviCrm Membership Type From Being Visible Publicly
Cron Error/CiviMail Stalled
User info overwritten by new member
What could stop a mailing from being sent?
How can I pass CiviCRM first name and last name fields to Drupal API user_save
Is there a CiviCRM payment processor extension to support Square?
Dashlets do not render on 4.6.12, php 5.5.38 (Drupal 7)
Considerations when choosing a theme for Drupal 7 + CiviCRM?
Date confusion with relationships - start date can be later than end date
Create Drupal user for contact joining as Organisation
Error Backing Up Database using drush: Call to undefined function drush_sql_dump_execute()
Error with recording membership payment offline
Tips for using CiviCRM on Amazon EC2
Can API Return Reverse Results?
CiviCRM Multi-value Custom Data empty
To prevent cron emails do I need to redirect output to /dev/null?
How to remove 'view' link in reports?
Buildkit Site fails to load due to PHP ugrade from 5 to 7
Drupal Webforms: Can I use the Conditions to control how the contacts are filtered?
When Paypal Standard pay as Guest (no paypal account) Session Expired message on Thank You
How to get the WordPress Username in a contacts or membership export
Is it possible to restart a series of scheduled emails from a membership that has lapsed and then resurrected?
CiviCRM 4.7 - DB Constraint Violation - possibly dashboard_id should possibly be marked as mandatory for this API
ON site Box Office
why does a search in contacts using full name in lowercase not find the contact?
How do I disable civicrm.css on public pages in Drupal?
CiviMail links with to many clicks from only two people
Disable select2 in drupal
Mail system in my install is broken: Missing bundle property on entity of type node
Different default status for different activity types?
Fatal Error on ClassLoader.php : undefined function stream_resolve_include_path()
Report for Unbatched Contributions
Hacked getContactRelationshipSelector in core, how do I implement as an extension?
Should online renewals generate a Membership Renewal Activity? and how about when a Pay Later renewal is set to completed?
Has anyone experienced member receipts not being sent out all the time when sending from the back end of a membership record?
Google Map not displaying on new events
Bulk Import of Membership Dues
DB Error: constraint violation when attempting to delete custom field
Using Civi to manage members' lists of items available for donation to other members
CiviCRM seems to block PUT requests to Gravity Forms API
Can I turn off Drupal cron while the CiviCRM upgrade script is running?
Using Drupal Rules to create a CiviCRM Contact - does not load entity ID
Logout from your CMS to avoid session conflicts
How to setup cron for updating membership statuses in cPanel
Membership details search, view, edit by staff in frontend
Civimail - How to manage Headers, Footers, ... in Message Templates?
CiviMail - How to include an Image in a Header
How to remove "Extended Demographics"?
500 error when creating action in rule ''Create linked drupal user account''
Missing total amount in receipt after civicrm upgrade 4.5 to 4.6
Bulk re assigment of relationships
Is there a way to customize CiviCRM UI?
Duplicate Contact Problem
Mass change of primary email address
Making name badges for an event
Drupal Webform / CiviEvent showing private events and closed registration events
Total Amount missing
Invoice generation wkhtmltopdf font missing
Need help in getting quote for security upgrades
Mail Merge Codes per Price Set Option (Name Badges)
Smart group selecting more contacts than match criteria
CiviCRM Webform : Select field used to use autofill
CiviCRM Wordpress Cron not running - DB Error connect failed
Price Set / Pledge Conflict on WordPress
CRM.$ is not a function after upgrade 4.7.8 > 4.7.13
Why can't I set up a repeating scheduled reminder with an absolute date?
Data missing after upgrade from CiviCRM 4.4.14 to 4.7.13 (Wordpress)
Cron not running Error message
Should Event Scheduled Reminders be sent if they were due to go out before a person registers
PayPal Standard Not Being Called
Multiple Tax Rates
Why is filtering by custom country multi-select in a Drupal View not working?
Personalised link using checksum tokens leads to empty page
Case activities are not shown in activity tab but appear in the filter
Billing Name and Address
CiviMail problem; possible Cron Error: EntityMalformedException: Missing bundle property on entity of type node. in entity_extract_ids()
How can I fix an incorrect SQL field in Recurring Contribution View?
How to use the REST API with curl
Current members in expired membership search results
CiviMail error when sending test
Error creating Custom Data - DB Error: already exists
Missing Activities tab when viewing contacts
Does class autoloading not work in standalone phpunit testing?
Fatal Error after upgrading to 4.7.13 from 4.7.11
Joomla front end map function gives a narrow map
CiviCRM Entity and ACL Permissions
Install on Wordpress ends in 404 via HTTPS
Use custom field in front end of website
Enable multiple event registration for same purchaser/participant
Greater flexibility on visibility of names/descriptions for groups on subscribe/unsubscribe pages
Presales / Functionality Question
Add source to all contacts when importing a CSV File
"alter routine command denied to user" error when installing extensions?
How to export 'employee of' relationship that has multiple staff members?
Personal Campaign Pages only visible on front end when logged into back end
Get civi mailing with status = 'Complete' using API explorer
Make the Contact create API behave like UI in the way in checks for duplicates
Transferring CSV contacts Civi
HTML Email won't save; related to size
How hard is it to obtain PCI compliance?
API - Create a contact from an external site
Transfer Database to new location raised MySQL Error function already exists
What type of database does CiviCRM use?
Error Undefined index: dashboard_id.name when loading Dashboard
Has anyone used Emojis in CiviMail subject/body?
Date added to CiviCRM DB error when using with a smart group that has a custom field type
Blocking specific email users from registering for events
event report - export events added only
How to send subscriptions to a non-primary address
Exporting Relationship "specifict job titles"
manual contribution entry not showing up on contacts contribution summary
Widgets for Campaigns (as opposed to Contribution Pages)
After upgrade to 4.7.13, I get 500 Internal Server Error when creating new mailing
How can I use Xdebug with CiviCRM unit tests?
How to Add Image Field in CIVICRM
Emails sent to an outlook email address are returned with failed fraud detection
Lots of failed Static function errors after upgrade to 4.7.13 (Joomla)
Event invitations and RSVP functionality
Tags in Search Columns
Best way to manage common contacts between 2 CiviCRM databases?
Administrator does not have sufficient permissions when running upgrade script
how do I find error log to see what is causing the error
403 error accessing PDF view of report
Custom Field doesn't appear in Drupal views using civicrm entity module
Example: Recommended way to hide entry fields in new contact view
Where are the "ConfigAndLog" and "templates_c" directories?
Exclude contacts from report based on membership they have
Is there a way to interface CiviCRM with QuickBooks Online?
Is it possible in CiviCRM to change extension of cached php files from .php to something else (e.g. .php_ or .txt)?
Using the 12 hour time display option, how can I schedule a mailing to go out at 1 minute past midnight?
How to evaluate hosted CiviCrm enviroments
How to use Campaign ID (as a token) in Contribution Invoice/Email Receipt Template
CiviReport - Add days to Transaction Date for Estimated Deposit Date
How can I get custom file fields in an activity to display correctly?
Database upgrade error - 4.7.13
Limitations for sending emails
Setting default date value via civicrm_buildForm hook no longer displays date
Real-time dashlet of contacts without certain activity
Civi Never Remebers the last selection?
CiviMail Two Column Responsive Template no longer responsive?
How can I save Search results with preserving Views For Display Contacts (defined in Profile)?
CiviMember Roles Sync is not working in Drupal
Why is Activity statuses Scheduled and Completed added?
How to embed Drupal Views in a CiviCRM Email Template?
I have put an wp specific extension in my extension directory but it does not appear in the manager
Membership Contribution Page for Cash or Check Payment
CiviEvent, group by relationship
Reports templates not working on new install
Upgrade from 4.2.7 to 4.7.13 fails during DB 4.4alpha1 update Joomla
Event registration without online payment
Best way to write module for 'unusual' payment gateway
Should the link between an Activity and any Follow Up activity be visible through the UI
How can arrange custom fields so they are side by side?
Blocking Registration of other participant
"Unsupported html-element" error when trying to create or edit a contact record after upgrading to 4.7.13
CiviContribute Pages have differing wrong titles in <head>
How to make my custom report template appear?
Can cv handle custom Wordpress installs?
How do I force a reload after a CiviCRM summary action?
Add legal_identifier field to contact page and form?
How do I add a new administrator to CiviCRM?
Tab with Table - can I edit the layout or styling of the tab with table vier
Update contact's field to empty value
Older CiviCRM that does NOT require TRIGGER privileges?
Checking Inconsistencies between Users and Contacts Emails (via civicrm_uf_match table ?)
Restrict Activity Types by Contact Type(s)
API for Event Registration with Custom Fields?
How can I record an offline contribution with multiple line items?
Filtering search results to see only the most recent contribution by each contact
Workflow for New Event Registration
CiviEvent with Sub-events and Conference Slots - how to....?
How to remove contact from group using CiviCRM Entity and Drupal Rules
Recurring Contributions for PayflowPro
What's CiviCRM's FQDN for mail?
How to prepopulate custom fields
CiviDiscount "Specify api string for advanced filter"
404 css and js not found, wrong [civicrm.root]
Is it possible to set up a custom field that requires a specific format eg xx-xxxx-xxxxxxx-xxx
How to alert an admin that a credit card used for recurring payments is coming up to the Expiry Date
Disabling Stripe extension breaks database
Unable to add financial account
Add an image for each address in contact form
Drupal views: How to aggregate CivCRM Relationships?
Error: Please select at least one membership option
Site not working after using CiviCRM its shows error in wordpress site
I want to list civievents in a civimail
Unable to sort event participants by participant name after search?
Problems with first test site using Civicrm buildkit
How to send a contribution receipt through a text message when receiving a donation
How can I customize the user dashboard?
Expired memberships being erased by new memberships using Webform
Why would bounce processing put all emails into CiviCRM.ignore mailbox?
batch members communication settings
Export all data
Change URL only on WordPress+CiviCRM
Can I customize the columns that are displayed on the Manage Events page?
How are people dealing with ampersand replacement in CKEditor?
How can we get Custom data Used For: Relationships to display in a Drupal View?
Can't create new mailing. Just stop on “Initializing…”
Mailchimp extension compatibility with CiviCRM 4.7
No run_time timestamp in civicrm_job_log
Error message given after membership confirmation screen
Is there a way to update CiviCRM through the Drupal Admin/Modules panel?
Need help solving unserialize():Error at offset
How can you use Credit Card test credentials to test out a Webform-CiviCRM form that uses a Contribution page?
Can members pay renew fees early?
Setting up CiviCRM in WordPress - warning message and failure to connect to WP DB
continue button missing for free event registration
Is this the correct patch for CiviCRM version 4.6 here CIVI-SA-2016-23?
using api.getoptions to retrieve all options for a field (even disabled)
System status notice about option value 0 in number field
Is there a way to email a link inviting people to sign up for an event that will be connect to their contact ID?
Sending a CiviContribute form that's not coming from a standard donation page
CiviRules "Fatal Error" (4.6.22, WordPress)
Ampersand Changed to "&amp;" in URL
How can I display the participations of events in the user profile?
Webform event registration: Show event data by token
How do I prevent the cursor going up instead of down when I press enter in an e-mail while using an iMac
CiviVolunteer Profile nr. 14 Hardcoded?
Solved - Wrong base URL for Civi include files (Wordpress)
CiviCase css problem (Joomla version) after upgrade to 4.7.14
Civimail open tracking is not working for some mailings - inserts var/www/html into path for some mailings but not others
Twilio Extension: "The selected contacts have no valid phone, or prefer not to receive SMS, or are deceased."
'Unknown Path' Error when trying to access New Mailing from Safari on Mac or iPhone
Impossible to Run Cron after civicrm-4.7.14-wordpress update
CiviCRM SendinBlue email integration
Can not add both Individual and Organisation to case
Paypal IPN not working after upgrade from Wordpress 4.7.9
Civimember: token for membership end date not working
automatic payments in installments?
Exception: Serialization of 'Closure' is not allowed in serialize() using CiviCRM with Omnipay & Mollie
Howto register for an event with employer beside particpant
How to display location of many events on one map
Contact Management - Best practices for couples and households
Tax Label not updating in Price Set using _buildAmount Hook
Stripe.js token was not passed! (using Webform Integration)
Where can I find information about CiviCRM?
Bulk Update Participant Status via REST API
CiviCRM Fatal error: Uncaught CRM_Core_Exception: [0: Found installation canary
4.7.14 Upgrade: Custom fields missing from views' filter criteria
CustomGroup Create API Not Passing Param extends_entity_column_id
4.7.14 Upgrade: CiviMail pages broken - Unknown column 'language' in 'field list'
How can I get the donation amount radio buttons on the same line as the amount?
Mosaico and 'View in your browser' not working
Cannot bootstrap Civi from standalone script in WP
Civi membership receipt emails - how to turn on/off per membership?
Invalid html markup in javascript
cron setup failing in new Wordpress installaion
Permission to edit activities but not contacts?
Custom Contribution Fields in Message Templates
CiviDiscount Code - Limit to Single Use
Contact Image Size
Can't change help_post text in Price Set using the civicrm_buildAmount hook
CiviPledge "Next Payment Date" automatically set to Jan. 1, 1970
Can't accesss cv from CiviUnitTestCase::createExternalAPI in buildkit environment
Is there a way of removing 'View' from event reports
Contribution=Membership+Donation incorrect for CiviCRM 4.7.12 on WordPress 4.6.1
How do we make sure labels are printing with proper capitalization?
Adding Organization filter to Event details report
DB Error: no such field (Joomla - view contact)
"Send now" emails going to wrong contact
Unknown extension after upgrading CiviCRM in Wordpress
How to show the State in the public participant listing?
Can I offer different pricing for an event based on user group?
What are the Attributes for the Reserved DeDupe Rules
When does a Scheduled Reminder send
Cron error after upgrading to 4.7.14 - Function "is_admin()" is missing, even though WordPress is the user framework
Email Localization
Site calling home to civicrm.org - why?
Bug in the data import wizard
What Permission should I grant to allow some Contacts to sens SMS's
How to alter the 'Manage Case' display so that it doesn't break with longer activity subjects
Does CiviCRM have a recommended setting for zend.multibyte?
DB Error: Contribution Page Uknown column 'pledge_start_date' in 'field list'
Transaction integrity error when merging
Enable Volunteer Opportunity Listing with Wordpress
modifying angular form (new mailing)
CiviCRM generates broken link to contribution page
Upgrading CiviCRM that is set up outside of the Drupal docroot with symlinks
Does iATS Payment SWIPE work?
Get actual value instead of ID in Address API for Country and State/Province
How to show time zone in event details page and registration confirmation page
CiviMail Images always appear broken on screen after uploading correctly
How do I upload images to emails in Civi?
How to resolve SMTP connection failing problem with code 535?
Pulling a Report of Donors with More than One Donation, Not Recurring
Reminder for Incomplete Registration (and continue...)
Civicrm profile field values using same record type goes missing/overwritten
Send a single mail to fundraising responsible
Status override bulk update
How does civi replace page content? Wordpress
Export tags to separate column?
Monitor ConfigAndLog .log file in real time
Upgrade froze at 4.7.8, Can't find valid value for qrid
Syntax for drush command civicrm-sql-dump
install extension civibooking
Would this be a fit for us?
CiviMail - How do I change the sender email account?
Strip Drupal Page Template from CiviCRM Contribution Page
CiviCRM 4.7.9 to 4.7.14 fails with no such field
CiviCRM Upgrade after 4.0: do I need to update civicrm.settings.php?
Email cant get retrieved in php
Creating event with address and fee details with event create API(single request)
PayPal Contributions listed as Pending (Incomplete Transaction)
Error: Can't Access CiviCRM Extensions
Settings - Outbound Mail are not saved
Is there a mistake in the Upgrading CivCRM for WordPress instructions?
Increase the import limit (3MB) for Contact import
How do you move SSL to non-SSL? [ Wordpress 4.6.1 + CiviCRM 4.7.14]
CiviCRM Dashboard not working on local Win 10 install; live server okay
Class naming and namespaces: best practice as an extension author?
Documentation on the _civicrm_api3_* _spec functions
Ideal dependency injection pattern
What are these big MySQL mailing tables for?
CiviCRM Dashboard not working (as reported by Karl Rudnick)
passing JSON objects to drush cvapi
How can I monitor the progress of a slow upgrade?
How can I speed up a slow upgrade to 4.7?
How to reduce database bloat for faster upgrading?
Contribution form looks different on live site
private or protected class properties
Reverting CiviCRM on Drupal 7 to last backed up state?
Should I change mysql.connect_timeout variable in php.ini?
best practice for using core base functions (CRM_Utils_System_Base) from an extension?
configuration variables: where is the documentation?
How to let extension users choose cache system?
Extension Download Errors
Multi-user, non-organization environment?
can an event have activities asssociated with it?
CiviDiscount Navigation URL incorrect
Is there a recipe for converting fields to select2?
How to delete Field Mapping
PHP Warnings in maildir.php
How delete billing address fields on contributing page?
Profile Fields disappear while using hook_civicrm_buildForm
Unable to save multiple choice custom field
How do I get my contribution form fields on the same line
How do I run PHP Unit Tests w/ XDEBUG from within PHPStorm [on Mac]?
automatic word wrapping in Labels?
Can I track single emails with CiviCampaign?
4.7.14 Wordpress 4.7 problem with contribution form Birth Date
What are the core functions an extension can rely on?
Wordpress subscribe.url not using base page
How to effectively manage projects and their contacts within CiviCRM?
Setting up rule to link CiviCRM contact with Drupal 7 account
CiviDiscount Navigation URL broken on Joomla
How do I access civicrm.setting.php file?
CiviCRM Joomla Demo Site
How do I make a new Custom Field Set visible in the Tab Display Style?
Problem exporting due to multiple addresses of one location type (e.g. two 'home' addresses)
Unable to upgrade
Renewal Link Results In Too Many Redirects Error
How do I delete activities?
How to set a default value for a custom field
CiviMail template format in HTML not saving
can't install civicrm on fresh wordpress
Acknowledgements
Error when adding an option to an existing price set field
Best Practices in Lieu of Recurring Payments?
Deleted duplicate contact, when try to make login still says the email address is already registered ((Drupal 7.53, CiviCRM 4.6.24)
Adding Teacher Bio to Events
Pantheon Drupal + CiviCRM invoke() slow query, site is 504
Excluding blank or null values from report
CiviCRM select box items can't be selected in wordpress page create
Is there any reason to not run the scheduled job Clean-up Temporary Data and Files every hour?
CheckSum Profile Update
Is it possible to have an updateable log for an event?
token for country iso code
Why are Relative Date filters missing on install?
Search by date removed from group
Custom Case Fields do not work in Drupal Views
WP sidebar replicated in dashboard window
How can I set up registration and payment for an ongoing event that happens every saturday
Tracked Opens No
Importing Memberships and Contributions but can't seem to link the two together
Error when trying to install buildkit
Edit button and allowing some users to edit subtype
Sorry but we are not able to provide this at the moment. DB Error: no such field Return to home page
Membership report showing different status than membership dashboard
What should be entered in the campaign field when importing a CSV file?
Where is CiviCRM installed?
Civi does not email to some contacts (Not CiviMail, just mail)
Memory leak in bulk actions
Smarty and future proof code
CiviCRM rebuilding templates_c with permissions
Change CiviCRM Event notification emails
Search by User that Created the Contact
Crediting a member account
Cron - Invalid key value sent
Outgoing Mail Settings, CiviSMTP & PHP 5.6.x Problem
Limiting CiviVolunteer to certain group
Send alert if smart group contains any contacts
Renewal link mangled by webmail client with ISP
CiviCRM and screen reader software
4.7.15 breaks civimail styles and templates (fullPage doesn't help)
Changed Resource URL setting, now can't access Civi on Wordpress
How can I resolve Civi Dashboard Javascript error: widget.name is null?
Unable to add multiple participant registrations for one contact
Multiple custom field in a custom group
Civicrm Activities - Scheduling conflicts
"Site can't be reached" error during CiviCRM Joomla install
404 errors for loading CSS on Event pages (Wordpress)
How can I prevent Contribution Pages forcing the email to be of type Billing
How do I modify properties (container width and column widths) of the New Individual Form/Box
CiviEvent - Confirmation takes a long time
Error when assigning Activity to a contact
Adding password creation to registration form (Civi + Wordpress)
trouble with CiviCRM Installer on wordpress
Smart Groups Not an Option after Upgrade
Add 'Non-deductible amount' to Contribution Receipt template
CiviEvent - front end registration error page - permissions or something else
How to add additional custom translation for a payment processor?
Smarty Template CMS-agnostic URL
Is it possible to duplicate/copy a batch of contributions?
How can I import dropdown options?
Drupal Webform Autocomplete Existing Contact Limit
Cannot access civicrm/report/list
Multi-Record Custom Data Set - Permissions (View/Edit)
UI glitches and "Invalid Classname" error when editing summary fields via AJAX
How to download a copy of the CiviCRM User and Administrator Guide?
How to report all event payments
Cannot Find Civicrm.settings.php file
deduping - case sensitive?
How to speed up CiviCRM 4.7 php execution time
How can I import e-mails to CiviCRM?
Enable use of do_shortcode when using CiviCRM and WordPress templates
Identifying contact voting district from KML data or from state website
Error with Contact Custom Field in Advanced Search
Installing Civi as a standalone site vs part of your existing site
Find CiviCRM version programmatically?
Membership Confirmation & Receipt Message Template
Mailing settings not displaying
Security approach
Inbound SMS from Twilio not showing up in CiviCRM (getting 404 error on HTTP POST)
Help with QuickForm Image Upload
How to change ckEditors config.colorButton_colors
Changing the content of the group that I have created
How to sort a varchar numerically using the api
When will Drupal 8 be officially supported?
How Can I Remove "CiviCRM - " From Page Titles?
Expanding View Contact Dashboard or Showing Contact Record to Non-Admin User
Can we have a "week" option for the membership type duration unit?
Why do I get fatal error, memcached set failed?
Could the email address at the time of a Bounce be frozen into the Mail Bounces report?
Any organisation in London that would be willing to show us funtionalities of CiviCRM ?
How do I make a CiviEvent accessible to the public?
How to create a custom field for a file upload, and make it private
DB error: No such field (Civi 4.7.15)
Add/Edit Email field not shown when editing a contact
Add Civilcrm member detail in third party tcexam
How can I locate my extension directory?
How do I install an extension directly from git?
"Total Fees" is blank on Event Registration Page
In civivolunteer, is it possible to allow multiple users for 1 email?
CiviCRM Webform membership Payments
Contribution count does not reflect number of contributions
Webform created contribution error
How do I set the value of external_id to be the same as a custom field?
Contribution receipt has "display in honor roll" when personal campaign pages is off
Need to know how to print annual donation statements for our donors
Bogus Error Mandatory fields first name and last name OR email address missing from form
Bookkeeping report that includes grouping by deposit and Line Item Totals
Security Vulnerability in Dashboard CiviCRM 4.6 for Drupal 7
Drupal Webform - CiviCRM - PayPal Website Payment Standard - Email Required Issue
outbound email settings failure to send test message
How can I find an expert CiviCRM WordPress developer?
no modification for data fied in civiEvent
Setting up CiviCRM with Multisite Wordpress
Receiving membership fee payment and recurring contribution in one go
CiviVolunteer fail: extension resource url is not configured correctly
How do you update the contact information of someone in CiviCRM?
Network error when trying to view a contribution, caused by "Expected one PriceSet but found 25"
Contact mail action fails
Looking for a Dutch CiviCRM basics manual or book
Force user to confirm signup CiviEvent
Civievent - Billing fields
What does LExIM stand for?
SQL to unlink contacts and drupal accounts
Automatic mail after user registration (voucher)
Cron Wordpress 4.7.14 - will not send scheduled emails
How do I generate a custom invoice ID
How can I find contacts with only 1 contribution during last 12 months?
Event Info, registration and other front end not displaying correctly
Slow loading of front end (public site) forms (profiles)
CiviCRM 4.7.15 reports keep giving DB Error: syntax error
How to display sort name with prefix/suffix in webform select list
Does Webform CiviCRM event registration respect the "Registration End Date" setting?
Geocoding in the UK
Site broken. How do I fix Couldn't repair table: civicrm.log_civicrm_status_pref?
What are `*.mgd.php` files for?
Group criteria updates through advanced search when no rights granted. Is this a bug?
Can't save Drupal role permissions for CiviCRM
How do I write unit tests for time based actions?
How do I change code in DEVELOPER tab?
Is it possible to make the UI simpler?
Upgrade from 4.7.14 to 4.7.15 failed on Database Upgrade
Apply Multiple Discount Codes to a Event Registration
Can an extension remove its custom fields on uninstall?
Assign a Folder # to a user
How to tag a contact when importing possible duplicates
Views integration - Missing handler for custom fields on relationships broken since upgrade to 4.7.15
Best strategy to restoring backup by importing csv file
Is there a way to have a Send Email button on an Activity?
Mailing labels - print: "TCPDF ERROR: Some data has already been output, can't send PDF file"
Token For Custom Websites Types
We can't load the requested web page on event registration page
Scheduled Reminders - differentiating by contribution type
Separate membership payment on contribution form with donation
Problem with membership contribution page
What are all these missing CiviCRM CSS and jQuery files?
Multiple Contacts and Memberships Later Merged to One Membership
CRM_Mailing_BAO_Mailing - Error 500 trying to view Draft, Unscheduled, Scheduled, and Sent Mailings
Retrofitting languages into English-based Install
Case status change to a closed status does not update the end date and relationships of the case
How much symfony do I need to learn if I am going to be a CiviCRM core hacker?
Authorize.net Invoice ID Field Length
Authorize.net - Customer ID (working with CIM)
Upgrading CiviCRM from 4.6.25 to 4.7.15 fails on database upgrade
How to invalidate (logout) a checksum login
How can I send a different Scheduled Reminder to recurring memberships?
Civivolunteer Opportunities not showing
Is calling the api in a report template 'bad form'?
Still can't send SMS individually via Twilio extension
How to create a newsletter sign up block in Drupal
Create Wordpress User With Given Username During Import
How to export multiple relationships of contact
Hook permissions `type`
How can I enable a user to renew a membership that has been cancelled?
Is it possible to add new target type in drupal content type?
CiviMail: What is the expected behaviour when unsubscribing from a mailing sent to a parent group?
Webform Integration Error: cannot redeclare _webform_components_form_rows()
Critical - contributions pages w/o monetary transactions or price sets don't save contributions but show confirmation page
Custom Data in Drupal Views
How am I meant to use $mask in hook_civicrm_links?
Civi Event Participant Status ID
Should deleted Participant contributions appear in the report Event Income Report?
What's the recommended way to handle redirection after quickform submissions?
Fresh installation of CiviCRM/Wordpress not working, showing white screen
How do I configure the new recurring contribution feature in Webform CiviCRM module?
Error importing contacts - for key 'UI_external_identifier'
Logo - Updating with new logo
SMTP Service: Do I really need it?
How can I set the end date of a membership to be calculated from birth date?
How to synchronise Drupal users with CiviCRM organisations
How to modify price set values on existing membership?
Drupal taxonomy and Civi option groups integration
Include Relationships when creating profile
Implementing a support ticket/help desk system?
How can I split a group into subgroups of 5,000 contacts each?
How to change the Email that get notified when a new case is opened
DB Error: IP address hard-wired with MySQL user?
WYSIWYG editor disappeared in CiviCRM 4.7.16
What is effect of marking contact as deceased?
Need Token Help for System Message Template
Where is the exact path to the ConfigAndLog log *file*?
class Civi not found
Is there a copy of phpunit 4 documentation somewhere?
The theme that CiviCRM uses is the one!
require_once(CRM/Core/Payment/SecurePay.php) failed to open stream: No such file or directory in Civi\Payment\System::getByProcessor()
Contribution pages look strange on mobile
Help with Drupal upgrade
Drush cannot disable civicrm debug
How to spoof users to unit test ACL logic
BAO vs API layer
How is it possible to delete a contact with the edit permission for a group?
CiviCRM Webform - enforce ACL permissions
Why aren't bounced 'normal' emails reported?
JavaScript Errors / CRM.$ is not a function
SMTP Socket Error or failed to set sender
Multilingual Email Greeting
Unable to select profiles when creating online event registration
When viewing a contribution the Line Items do not display
Validate Drupal accounts after becoming a member?
Manually Change CiviCRM ID?
Emailing people who didn't open a campaign
Edit link in directory results not displaying
Bulk email rate-limiting methods for CiviMail in WordPress shared hosting environment?
Is there a way to capture the event price "label" with Webform CiviCRM?
Membership PayPal Renewal Redirect Too Many Times
How do you create a scheduled mailing with recipients through CiviCRM API?
Uploading null email address
Could an extension add fields to the standard Find Contributions form?
Embedding CiviCRM Event form in an Iframe
Rolling Annual Memberships aren't recording start dates
can't administer CiviDiscount (v3.3) after upgrade to civicrm 4.7.16 wordpress
Directory not replaced with site name?
"Print PDF Letter for Contacts" missing from Contact Actions
Is it possible to get 'Add User' form in content type?
Where do I submit bug for summary fields extension?
CiviCRM upgrade from 4.2.7 to 4.7.13 fails to show any report
constraint violation civicrm_subscription_history on Member Join
When does civicrm-webform remove you from groups?
Civiengage pieces not showing despite being activated- Drupal, CiviCRM 4.7.15
What options does CiviCRM provide for equipment management?
Membership Director change
Mailing_send_test error
how to add a field in tags
SOLVED: 'DB Error: extension not found' after PHP upgrade to version 7.0
How can you set webform to create a new relationship rather than update an expired relationship when the relationship type and person is the same?
What domain name should I use for my extension's fully qualified name?
How to supply user input to custom visualizations with Civisualize
Importing Events
Unable to donate due to DOB format anomaly
Impossible to insert Membership type column in a View for Display Contacts
Vague error in log "You do not have permission to access this page."
Emailing event participants - using 'send email' versus 'civimail'
Cron runs scheduled jobs run but last run not updated!
How to deal with mail templates?
Permissions, ACL and Groups
Drupal civicrm Contribution Form code into Drupal page content?
Give a Wordpress User Only rights to his clients and report
I want to Coordinate civiCRM mailing list and SimpleNews Mailing list
Moving contribution page to a new campaign - consequences?
SOAP Proxy URL is invalid
Clear data from supplemental address on update
Cron Job for WordPress on siteground
Disabling Web Site type label (work)
How do I write unit tests that verify a hook is being fired?
CRON Job Error with WordPress
Can CiviCrm be used for membership and financial management?
Automatically recording electronic fund transfers for members
New to CiviCRM: Hosting (VPS) requirements and migration from NationBuilder
Upgrade fails with Row size too large error
Multiple Contact Registration for events
How to retrieve contact image URL in CiviCRM with the API
How can I get Civimail to deliver emails instead of bouncing them?
Putting another field on event location record
Memberships Automated Discount
How to configure authorize.net payment processor to use another currency
Including Member Login to a CiviCRM Site
Trouble with PayPal recurring payments
Adding tag or assigning group when user created from profile
Solved: How do I allow all tags in CKeditor
Why does the user not get a "transaction complete" or "success" confirmation message after submitting an online transaction?
What is the best way forward to conduct surveys on an iPad?
Where to find the path and the name of the tpl file in source code in 4.7.16
Differentiate contacts as donors vs. class participants
Scheduled Reminders problem in V 4.7.16
How to Insert html in custom field (type TextArea) via API
Enabled groups only appear if "Disabled" check box is checked
How to check if DB table exists?
Event profile(s) field/table
How can I search in CIviCRM for people who have got a "Full" membership less than 5 months after their "Student" membership expired?
How to select Top Donors filtered by Contribution source
Discounts with Webform_CiviCRM and Event Registration
CiviCRM Event Shopping Cart Auto Fill
Can Legal Name be used as a token?
Can invoices be sent to and cc'd to multiple contacts?
Password not accepted for inbound email
PHP libraries in extensions
Secondary .htaccess file?
What tables are used for civicrm reports?
"Error while sending QUERY packet. PID=975356 in wp-db.php on line 1877" for new install
Bug reports and feedback
What Are the Best WordPress Theme Recommendations for CiviCRM
Is there an extension to allow members voted into certain roles (e.g. director, communication director...)?
Why CiviCRM is not in wordpress.org/plugins/?
First time donor report
How to alter the options inside element of a civicrm new membership form?
Integrating Moodle With CiviCRM
civicrm_processProfile hook ignored
Mailchimp Extension - Webhook URL can't be verified
Registering 0.5 of a participant! Should this be possible?
CiviMail space characters added
Q: Unable to upgrade past 4.7.13
Access Control / Word Press -- Not able to edit, delete
Is it possible to send an registration email confirmation to 2 recipients?
Can we use BT Donate on CIVICRM?
Has anyone had issues with multiple contact types showing as a result in Search Builder despite contact specification?
Can a CiviCRM member upload post content to a cutstom post type in Wordpress?
Leaflet map + Drupal Views + 400 CiviCRM contacts data = performance?
change email addres with http request
How do i set up registration for multiple workshops?
How can i add organization Legal name to search?
iATS Scheduled job for recurring payments does not "finish" in the logs. How can I fix this or troubleshoot further?
CiviMail Bounce Type - Syntax
Drupal Views in CiviCRM Dashlets -- Network Error
Search criteria dropdown choices disappeared
Form not displaying on front page of twenty seventeen
What is the logic of showing Pay Later instructions on the Confirmation page
Joomla loadmodule or loadposition inside CiviCRM
Removing the contact search on a contribution page
Solved: Is this a bug - [civicrm.files] variable
change profile default (custom field)
Drupal to Wordpress Migration - Can we keep/recreate our forms?
How can I create A Report based on counties?
Angular Error: Module 'crmMailing' is not available! When CiviMail is enabled
Is it possible to integrate a custom Drupal donate form with CiviCRM?
Administration menu
Why does setting "CVV required for backoffice" to 'NO' also unrequire it on front facing forms
Web registration in CiviCRM
Is there an Import option to allow overwriting fields with null (empty)?
Code example of how to pro-rate Fixed Calendar Year Membership in CiviCRM
Why do custom fields on Membership not pre-load when a member is renewing
Untagging activities
Why am I getting "Invalid currency selection: USD for domain iatspayments.com" on submitting a paid event registration?
HTML & Event Pages: Unspecific IDs and Classes at the top
How to create Drupal View of Participants with custom fields
CiviVolunteer - Volunteers who register through an Event page don't have Contact type set to Volunteer
Special Characters are not Managed in CSV Export
What are field options?
Direct link to a CSV-formatted report
Autocomplete Contact Search - Add Contact ID possible?
How to use CiviCRM for child Sponsorship?
What are the files and fields in CiviCRM?
How to populate the tokens used for a Scheduled Reminder in the Activity
Multiple Conditions for Scheduled Reminder
Error message when merging contacts
Why are public files in Joomla admin directory?
Smart group interaction with "display results as" options in advanced search
CKEditor in WP 4.72 and CiviCRM 4.7.16 strips inline CSS for CiviMAIL
Automatically transferring info from Casenote to indivudial client form
All Contribution pages result in "Your browser session has expired" "Could not find a valid session key"
Settings - Drupal Integration Not Listing Tables
Submit Credit Card payment missing after update
Why am I unable to edit a price set?
CiviMember Role Sync not Syncing One User
Trying to Set Up CiviVolunteer and Getting Strange Results
Has Anyone Integrated Clover as a Payment Processor?
How do I do a mass email to all volunteers?
hook_civicrm_postSave_table_name not called on table update
Enable recpatcha on all CiviCRM Contribution pages which does not include profiles
Integrating Multi-Channel External Payment Gateway with CiviCRM/Wordpress
Drupal 7,x campaigns
What should the outbound SMTP configuration be for Office 365 Exchange?
How can I add a tag to a tag set?
Cannot Backup my CiviCRM DataBase due to an Unexpected Error
Civi dashboard and menus won't display after install
How do I expose a civicrm profile to collect data from anonymous user (an application form) on a drupal node?
How to control which activity types options appear in dropdown when creating new activity in WP version
Drupal - MySQL support not included in PHP
CiviMail: How to make url tracking not default?
How to change the maximum number of members-by-relationship for given membership types?
Creating reports with custom fields relating accounts and contacts - how does it work?
Why has entering a date changed in 4.7.16? Can it be reverted?
Event calendar for Civi 4.7.x?
Error message when testing memberships: "Expected one PaymentProcessor but found 0"
How does the Sympa integration deal with unsubscribes
Placeholders instead of labels in contribution forms
Backbone javascript conflict causing Configure Event / Repeat to fail
what is a "unique open" in a mailing report?
how do I use phpcbf?
Logged out periodically for unknown reason and word replacement not working
Mailmerge token syntax
Reorder Report Columns
Why might a dedupe rule fail to deliver results, or result in server crashing?
Is something missing in Activity search?
Getting data automatically from CiviCRM to Google Spreadsheets?
How to trigger USPS address standardization on API address create?
I need to export or copy CiviCRM structures such as membership types, contribution pages and price sets to another website (Joomla)
first click to reach CiviCRM dashboard results in long delay and error message
hook civicrm_post not triggering as expected (Joomla)
Drupal views recipe for displaying Civievent Participants using a jump menu selector
How can I setup ACL for user to modify only custom fields?
Is it possible to do an Event registration 'on behalf of organization' - similar to how that can be done on Contribution pages?
How can I generate unique raffle tickets with a price set
Custom Email Greeting token doesn't work
How to remove contacts without affecting events attendance data
How to undo a deleted report
after upgrade to 4.6.26 getting PHP Fatal error when starting a new mailing
Cannot save civivolunteer project
Can CiviContribute and CiviGrant work together?
Scheduled Reminders Repeat Option Not Saving For Set Date Emails
How do I change the address on system workflow messages?
Why do some From addresses work and others get rejected
Gift Aid Declarations with overlapping dates
Problem connecting to payment processor
CiviMail click through inflation
HELP! civiCRM Administration Area Not Showing! [Joomla 3.6.5] [civicrm 4.7.16]
How can we access only one of multiple financial types in a single contribution?
Default registration status for on-line registrations
Record payment for event registration in CiviCRM 4.7.16
CiviContribute PayPal return url problem
How to create a Drupal View that calculates activity end time by duration
Assign large numbers of activities at once - Wordpress
Webforms vs Contribution pages - workflow
Are there any pre-conditions or required settings to print/merge documents in 4.7?
How to set default for 'Unsubscribe Group' in civimail
Do I need to sanitize quickform inputs in a extension?
Why does this use of the API for Events work in the Explorer, but not in the Message Template?
Associate state and country fields when not tied to a particular address type
Random 9002 Errors from iATS when making donations
How to Deal With Email Only Contact Records
SMS Message text is incorrect
How do I get CiviCRM Mailing to submit via the API
Translating salutations like "Mr." to Dutch
CiviCRM API: How to get event by custom multiselect field option?
Webform CiviCRM integration with REST
Some successful Paypal transactions are showing "Pending (incomplete transaction)"
Staging Site: staging.site.com/civicrm 404 WordPress
Which contact record should house the membership?
Why does the Preview as HTML in civimail not apply the html that has been applied to the footer
Scheduled reminders - Email head css attributes are being stripped out
How to update custom report template
Weekly Digest Email to Group (Mailing List)
Unit Tests on Single DB
How to control API4 permissions for CRUD operations?
CiviEvent - Activity Attendance Tracking With Multiple Check-ins/outs
Working e2e UnitTests?
With upgrade to 4.7.17, I get "invalid price fields" warning
Civisualize - getting data from a report into dataviz
How do I schedule a mailing to run in a couple of hours time with the CiviCRM API?
Does CiviGroup Roles Sync work with bulk changes to groups?
Is there an automated way to check if a list of extensions is compatible with a version of Civi?
Civicrm:ping INI file not found
Problem creating Drupal users using Rules and Webform integration
Adding another option to the Source drop down box
Mass editing contact's birthdays
create webform that allows user to create either 1, 2 or 3 activities depending on user selection
Quality assurance considerations for membership signups
How should I go about proposing (and then possibly creating) a new CiviCRM feature?
Hard coding data during import
Datepicker not visible
Donors are receiving multiple receipts with ACH contributions
How to add options in autocomplete contact search options?
Syncing Drupal Roles from CiviCRM Smart Groups
E-mailed report misses a column
How do I upgrade CiviCRM on a local site that I installed with buildkit civibuild?
Why do I have GenCodeChecksum uncommitted changes after a fresh civibuild create?
Migrate Wordpress installation to new server
Writing ( and publishing ) Batch Job
Error on upgrade 4.7.17
"DB Error: unknown error" when adding (custom) field
Can Quick Search be set up so External ID does not have to be exact match to work?
Access for Blind Users to CiviCRM
Unable to Connect to MailStore for Bounce Processing
How do I examine the symfony event handlers that are active?
avoiding tracking of some links
ACL with nested groups
Send Scheduled Reminders fails
Print PDF and Send to Contact
What's the best way to fix this Drush clear cache bug?
Online Registration not able to be enabled
Webform Error - Expected one PriceSet but found 25
Importing contributions always imports $0 in Amount
ARCHIVE not enabled by default on MariaDB 10.1
CiviCRM mail sent 200% of intended recipients. Why?
Question for current employer field
Search for contacts within Geocoded regions/borders
Is there a civi way to manage API compatibility across CiviCRM versions?
Group visibility
Email was sending fine and now has stopped
Is there any way to make a normal textarea in civi editable using CKEditor?
Triggers for Summary Fields disappeared
Getting CiviCRM resources to load on the Joomla frontend
Dropdowns Not Accessible
Account Type Checking/Savings Disappears when making a contribution
CiviMail click tracker URL includes web root
Error when creating new Case: One of parameters (value: ) is not of the type Integer
Send rejected participants to wait list?
Downloads at civicrm.org/download/list stopped working
Adding Referenced civicrm_entity contact in node with email, address and phone doesnt work
Site transfer from Joomla
CiviMail with postfix, handling retries
Which permissions bypass/override ACLs?
How does one call civicrm_api3_system_check API
CiviCRM on mobile phone
unable to add price sets?
CiviDiscount does not show new events
How to avoid a duplicate membership for same contact
How to target a specific event registration form in an extension
How to pause, cancel or delete a scheduled CiviMail mailing
How does one get rid of the CSS errors regarding dashicons.eot
Wordpress Cron Issues
Why is the entity.action permission sparse?
accessing merge screen through URL
How can we modify the default event badge barcode?
Does CiviMail support PGP encryption ?
Is a contribution always a donation or could it be a receipt from other(s) to one Member or contact?
Using the answer in custom field (select) to auto fill other field
How do I change date display from 2017-03-20 to March 20, 2017?
How do I fix this in CiviCRM System Status - sites/default/civicrm/extensions is not writable Please change your file permissions?
Resource booking in multiple meeting rooms
How would you anonymise (or redact) private data for developer stage?
HELP CiviDiscount Auto-Apply feature not working!
How to Migrate Memberships
CiviEvent online registration and page not found for online registration
How to update multiple records with API?
What is the join logic when using API chaining with action = get?
How can I change a CiviEvent status using Webform Conditionals?
Upgrade Paystation processor to 4.7 compatible
Country ISO and World region in Views
Currency in webform billing items always dollars
Installing CiviCRM on Local: Getting Uncaught Exception Thrown
How to record a Payment by Check for an existing Participant
How can I use the API to set a field to NULL on an existing record?
Is there a way to preserve existing data when importing into multiselect and checkbox fields?
Support for distributing benefits in Turkish
CiviCRM 4.6.27 on Drupal 7 says it can't write version-info-cache.json but it can
Under what circumstances is API joining available?
Image not displayed in the email with outlook
Why is my search for a specific contact subtype giving no results?
Error opening attachment in outlook
Autofilling a new custom field
PayPal Pro IPN Method missing
Include more than one profile at top of event page
Who supports civiCRM in Raleigh NC using Wordpress?
Donations Page with recurring and one time
CiviVisualize and permissions
How to fix 'New mailing' that only has 'Initializing' and edit boxes that wait forever
What is the pattern used to name the fields accessible through the API?
Where do I find Apache error logs for sites that I installed with buildkit?
Migrating Drupal Users and CiviCRM Data to New Website
civicrm report access
DB error on tag page after installation
Edits not being saved for custom fields on relationships
How to find CiviCRM version in SQL from a database backup
Wordpress / Civi - How to Hide All Menus
Getting counts of donors grouped into categories by giving amount
How can we give Admins more control on what is shown for non-existent pages such as contribution pages
If I create a Scheduled Reminder for Event feedback, eg 16 hours after, should I expect it to go out to all past events?
CiviCRM Bulk Email always shows [Civimail Draft] before the subject
Linking Price Set to new event
How to fix receipt/confirmation attached PDF alignment in email?
CiviCRM Event Email Receipt Displays Custom Field Attributes Rather Than Values
all imports seem to geo code
Include tags or groups in Advanced search views?
What's the purpose of adding a campaign when enrolling a membership
How to get Participant Fee as Part of the Total Contribution, using Webform Integration
civicrm.org website old what/whatiscivicrm redirect to explore-civicrm
CiviBooking Development Questions
How to add Contribution By column
Adding settings with form to my extension - what am I missing?
Event Custom Fields not Looking Right with 4.6.27 Upgrade
How to streamline setting up a multi-day class
Recurring donations are receiving recurring email receipts after update
Contact type change
Can't Setup Payment Processor
Changed behavior in handoff between CiviContribut and PayPal
Correct location of civicrm.settings.php in CiviCRM 4.7 for WordPress
Searching for SMS Campaigns
How do I display the Contact ID on User Dashboard?
Append an option to the BlockSchedule Directive in crmMailing
Managing a smart mailing groups (un)subscriptions
CiviMail token for sender signature
old bug has returned, Participant Role on Event's Schedule Reminder form does not populate
Smart Group for Soft Credit Name
Link State to Country in Custom Fields
Payment processor, avoiding payments being rejected due to 'transaction is a duplicate'?
Is it possible to segment data so only users can see certain information?
Recording Funding Applications in CiviCRM
Sort Criteria for civiCRM custom in Drupal View
CiviCRM Can't Connect to Databases on Server, but WordPress Can
Double Phone Number Blocking
mail Fetch Bounces errors
Can I disable syncing when WordPress users create accounts?
What is the best way to create a conditional question in case activities?
Search in Manage Groups renders "contacts" link as editable under "visibility column"
Public CiviCRM forms not working for anonymous users
Update Multiple Activities - Cannot Display "Details" Field
Civihr and time tracking?
Is upgrade possible for `payment` type Extension?
Undo a Deletion on an activity
How to Create webform_civicrm Registrations with: single Ticket vs Table options and Create Contact Records for all Participants
Multi-Page Event Registration?
CiviCRM Dedupe - How does it really work?
CiviCRM: how to manage several areas for the same organization?
Search builder: searching for Not equals or Not In with tags or groups doesn't include Null
Error Cancelling Contribution - The Contribution Could not be Cancelled
New install, system status says "cron not running" and "timestamp mismatch"
I would like to categorize the Contribution pages
"Cron not running" (but it is), trying to use wp-cli in crontab, with WordPress
various types of civibooking confirmation mail based on booking status
how to edit WordPress Base Page
How to make home address default?
Looking for a CRM solution
Using API to retrieve contact records by modified date
Error when trying to connect to civicrm from gmail using civigmail chrome extension by vedaconsulting: Error unsupported response type
Different one time contribution and recurring contribution on same contribution page
Why is the Actions button missing from Reports on 4.7.x after upgrade
Why can't I get tokens inserted in to HMTL or Text fields of System Template Messages
Ordering Contact Reports
Event registration form does not show submit button when a 100% discount coupon is used
Accessing selectedMail in a new controller
Contribution custom field not appearing in New Contribution window
Has the Dashboard Cache Timeout setting been moved?
Is it possible to add just a time as a custom data field for an event?
Best practice: Multiple event types or custom data fields?
Legacy SQL Activity and Contacts Dump Transfer
Is anyone else seeing multiple two contributions and two activities for a single online transaction?
DataTables warning with dedupe on find & merge (after upgrade to 4.7.18)
Check last login of CiviCRM users
Civimail token not recognized
CiviCRM loads its own copy of jquery. This interferes with WP plugins
How to make backup joomla CiviCRM smaller?
Is CiviCRM a good choice for a website front end AND membership management?
How to setup CiviCRM for multiple simultaneous telefundraisers?
How can you add a gift premium to pledge
Online Application with a small processing fee required on submission
Running WordPress/CiviCRM without cron?
In mailing all recipients are not showing
Filter event reports by facilitator
Problem with setting the default for a custom value in the buildForm hook
Install Mosaico in Windows
Undefined Index error whenI run SYBUNT report
CRM procurement: Presenting the case for CiviCRM
Contribution page profile not displaying at top of page, above billing section, despite configuration
Cron not working after forcing https
Form to partially pay for Event Attendance
Why did a dedupe rule not work sometimes. Yet later the same rule finds the duplicate
Is there a way to make report filters mandatory
Inputted activities can not be displayed for one specific user but can be seen by others
Is there Constant Contact integration for CiviCRM in WordPress?
Changing our contact email address in Event Templates
One CiviCRM for multiple sites
CiviCRM is exporting disabled groups, how can I specify that I want enabled groups only?
Detect price group term period on CRM_Member_Form_MembershipRenewal or CRM_Member_Form_Membership
Error with Views + VBO
One email, adapted to membership status
how to access nested array
WP CiviCRM shortcodes gone?
CiviEvent: Event info and registration form on one page?
Questions for using civi as part of a election campaign
Does Email Signature extension work on CiviCRM 4.7?
Search custom fields with multiple records
How to troubleshoot CiviRules triggers?
I can't install CiviCRM on Wordpress
Invalid Date with Contribution API and Custom Date Field
Event invoice (receipt) - custom tokens
New install on WP 4.7.4, CiviCRM 4.7.18, System Status: Error
How can I download CiviCRM tar file with Drush?
Drush civicrm-install failing with 'undefined function module_enable'
Integrate Views3 with Drupal 7
Administrator contact record duplicated when do Activity Send Email
Blank page when trying to edit contribution profile settings
Activity monitoring
Civi Reporting - where's the preview tab?
How can I customise site search settings to use a wildcard for a specific entityRef field?
Can I use CiviCRM to print mailing labels etc?
How can I have a repeating activity in a case standard timeline?
How to link one contact's address to be the address of all contacts in a specific group via SQL?
Where can our small non-profit find assistance with CiviCRM?
Update user Tags direct from civiMail link
Some members are not getting scheduled reminders
How can I bulk update a collection of recurring contributions to set the next scheduled contribution to a specific date?
Deleting saved searches created via Search Builder leaves data in various tables
Are other Joomla users having problems with the Pay Later options?
Where do I change the string "Subscription to CiviCRM..." for Stripe payment processor
Fundraising event - can I sell tickets AND collect donations?
What Membership Payment Date should appear in membership reports?
Does CiviMail have an upper limit for total recipients in an email blast?
Validating emails of new CiviCRM accounts?
How to create joint accounts in CiviCRM contacts
Auth.net completed transactions showing as Pending (Incomplete Transaction) - sometimes
Initialization Error on certain drush commands, related to CiviCRM
Is CiviCRM resource intensive?
Need help upgrading 4.4.5 to 4.7.18 0n Ubuntu 16.04 server with PHP 7 on Drupal 7
How do I turn off the "Contribution amounts section" for a membership only contribution page?
How do I use profiles to update records
CiviCase case closed and remove remaining activities
CiviCRM cron job failing under Joomla 3.7
CiviMail not sending emails - Joomla 3.6 or 3.7 & Civi 4.7.18
CiviCrm Custom Fields - Random Number Generation
Error when updating Pending Contribution
What is the Path for LTS? 4.7?
Profiles list not showing in dropdown list in Online Registration tab of Configure Event
Is an SPF Record required to get CiviCRM to work with Amazon SES? (1and1 hosting)
CRON Error: Trying to get property of non-object in /.../libraries/joomla/session/handler/joomla.php on line 74
typo in packages/Net/SMTP.php
Civireport vs Views
Copy/Duplicate a Contribution
Cron job not working after CIVICRM update (Joomla 3.7.0 and CIVICRM
Fatal Error with Omnipay + Mollie
How can I get donation amounts for a Contribute Page or Event via API?
"Expected one Contribution but found 25"
Civicrm Event priceset validation only validates 1 price
Configuring CiviCRM for 1and1 email limits
Adding a contact profile to a contribution page (user registration)
PayPal Website Payments Pro: This transaction cannot be processed. The merchant's account is not able to process transactions
Can't set 'Force Secure URLs'
Send an Email When Tag is Applied - or When Added Automatically to a Smart Group
Cannot Use Inline Editing On Custom Fields
How to clone a contact?
Using data from CiviCRM to change filename
Unable to add Event Participants backend
CiviRules opens strange window after disabling rule
Make Default Activity Status Blank
Workaround Duplicate Label
Contact Dedupe Basics
What differences are there between CiviCRM 4.6 and 4.7?
RECURRING contribution and auto-renew membership
Normal to have API error while saving a Case Type?
Use of tokens in Events - Online Registration Intro Text and Confirmation email
Upgrading CiviHR to 1.6.8
book library mgmnt and student credit system
Can't add addresses when geocoding is enabled
How can I avoid my import crashing with a Fatal Error due to an existing external ID?
using CiviCRM like Access?
Displaying Custom Fields in Views Calendar
Volunteer Report does not report on 'Role'
AMAZON SES Rate Limit Question
Unwanted <p> paragraphs spawned in civiMail body forms
What's the rationale behind the new Civi folder in civicrm?
Can the API be used to find contacts with multiple tags?
Re-using templates without editing
How to use Composer to install and upgrade CiviCRM 4.6.x / Drupal 7
How to find and/or fix missing indices?
Deduping's "No of contacts to find matches for" field definition
Installing Wordpress and drupal on same machine
Error: Warning: ini_set(): A session is active
Is smart/fuzzy searching possible in CiviCRM?
Is 1Gb memory enough for small server?
How can I import ADDED BY field of Activities?
How to get more debug info about "DB Error: no such field Return to home page"
DB Error: no such field
Events 'missing' after upgrade to 4.7.19
How to use CIVIHR for wordpress
Multiple participants - multiple event registrations
Being given the contribution_id, how can I update the Contribution?
"Printer-friendly" pages
Sending an email (from Actions) to an individual hangs
Option Values with problematic Values
Problems with display name/sort name saving as contact.first_name
Exclude members in a smart group
How do i export all the data in civicrm?
Creating a single manage your subscriptions link for mails sent via CiviMail and Mailchimp
Create profile not creating contact properly unless logged in on wordpress with civicrm 4.6
Wordpress user registration only through CiviCRM
Using login data to skip over search
Can't install CiviCRM on Joomla
How can I limit CiviDiscount codes to be used for a maximum number of participants rather than amount of times?
DB error: Unknown error in search
Remove the Back to Listings tag?
Header Issues On Wordpress Installation
Connect Gmail to CiviMail?
How do I use cv to run database upgrades from the command line?
Why is it important to define new Entities for new types of data?
Duplicate Contacts
Installing Civicrm session_start(): error fatal
problem installing civicrm on drupal 7 acquia on windows or linux LAMP.
How to fix this JSON Error with Joomla 3.7, CiviCRM 4.7.19, PHP 7.1?
Why if you remove a regular fee from the list on an event does it not get removed from the price set in the database?
Need help in organizing/mapping my data
Civievent - i cant add any event
How do I set up recurring donations?
CiviCRM_API3_Exception: "Authorization failed to join onto StateProvince api in parameter loc_block_id.address_id.state_province_id.name"
Upgrading from 4.7.18 to 4.7.19 breaks soap
Export doesn't work for households
Adding extra information to event registration
Views : SQLSTATE[42S02]: Base table or view not found (concerning a Custom Value Table)
CiviCRM Log shows error invoking Payment Form
CiviCRM sending all emails EXCEPT from CiviMail
Custom field data - maintaining uniformity
WordPress - Problems trying to go back to CiviCRM 4.7.17 from 4.7.19
Bugreport: Impossible to create more than 25 events
How to select multiple values in select2 control by jquery?
AJAX API permissions
Editing a label in "new individual" form
After installation Civi menu and dashbord do not show (SOLVED)
Receiving an error when synching CiviCRMmember role and Drupal role
Use single profile on checkout from cart
Platform independent Webform CiviCRM
Word replacement error
Are contents of ConfigAndLog directory safe to delete?
Profile - Organisation Details but add employee/voluntter
Case Manager not updating correctly (CiviCRM 4.7.21)
Dietary requirements in CIVI event
Enabling 'New Organisation' button for Current Employer field in View Contact
Do compiled templates (in templates_c) contain URL data, or get corrupted?
Settings don't display when tabs are clicked on an existing CiviReport
Capacity Planning
CiviVolunteer - Log Hours (requires not zero value)
CiviVolunteer - View Volunteer Roster
How to use CiviCRM Webform to process CiviCRM fields at each step rather than on submit?
How does this work with an existing website?
How to build a Real Size Drupal+Civi Test Configuration?
Is there a way to set a cap (maximum participant) number within the price set field?
Cannot access System Status or Find Contacts after upgrade 4.7.19 on Wordpress
Issues with the Default Email address for bounces - authentication
Error Linking Drupal user to edit their Civi CRM profile
PlaySMS gateway
Sparkpost Cividesk integration - processing of bounces
How to deal with problem data when importing CSV
Can't get action token {action.unsubscribeUrl} to work in Welcome automated message
Error occurs : Unknown column 'relationship_civireport.contact_id_a' however not for "Super User" users
volunteers not showing in widget
Clicking Fields in Front-end Profile View Gives Inconsistent Results
Why did civicrm_status_pref table not get created during upgrade
Transfer of fees from one event to another
Unable to add or edit profiles on contribution pages
allow anonymous users to view profiles in WordPress?
Allow user to cancel a recurring contribution
Problem fixing missing indexes after upgrade to 4.7
How do I get CiviCRM working with varnish on wordpress?
Multi language update to 4.7 does not update Custom Field Sets to be 'is public'
Cron not working with joomla
Is it possible to create a progress bar/widget for a contribution page?
Permission error trying to create new event or copy existing
One Users Email not working for 'test'
CRON jobs stopped running after 4.7.19 upgrade, and cli.php is executable
Only Exposing CiviCRM Contact from Active Group in Drupal Views?
how to copy data from one custom field to another (text to textarea)
Error Message on Event Registration - Known Issues?
Can't create more than 26 events in CiviEvents (or view on dashboard)
Mail and event drafts old version get loaded (caching issue?)
Display events by categories for current year, and past 3 years
Joomla release 3.7.2 appears to have broken the menus
Create a Login page for wordpress users to access civicrm but not wordpress functionality
Wordpress Media Library not refreshing with new upload
Automatically setting a date for an activity being added by a sequence
User is logged into different account on CiviCRM than Drupal
Custom field not working in search
Webform CiviCRM contribution "other amount"
What gets displayed on a map
Manual Contributions Showing up as 0 Against Contact
CiviEvent registration, edit wording relating to a drop down menu
Silent error when accessing php API has not logged in user
Receipting for multiple event registrations via webform
How can I identify the hard contributions/contributors that lead to a soft credit?
Online registration - fill-in boxes both above and below text
How do I add to the Wiki?
For all reports, CiviReport shows a page with no content
Why is the column called "Soft Credit For" when it seems to show "Soft Credit from"?
How to setup Clickatell
Organization Listing - can I show logos
Contribute Page with a Profile in Edit Mode - Not Create Mode?
Custom Database Triggers disappearing
Added some custom fields but it'snot coming in advanced search
CiviDiscount Automatic Discounts Not Working on Events
Creating a New Event Leads to a 'You do not have permission to access this page' Error
How would we implement a monthly prize draw database?
Capturing Price Field selection onto Membership record
"Unknown path" when viewing a newly generated angular page
Zero Sized Reply. Squid did not receive any data for this request
How do I add "honoree section" to new contribution form in the backend?
Tag Contact Via Link in Email
Error during registration for multiple participants
How to print selected/multiple Contact Profile "Print Summary"?
Something is seriously wrong with CiviCRM - Replicating Contacts
Can I search for contacts with activity added by specific person?
Translations missing
Fetch data over the web: curl, file_get_contents or something else?
What CMS integrations are available for CiviCRM?
Outlook "Failed Fraud Detection" notice--only for some addresses from same domain
Autodetecting variables for URL variables
Saving a contribution adds a line with negative the tax amount, when using an event price set
How are API calls logged consistently as a specific user?
How to display only unique CiviCRM Contact Address in Drupal view?
Mosaico editing
Is there a way to have a menu item that brings up a profile that lists a group of people in bulk edit mode?
The apiv3 does not return joined fields
Civimail wont send (but Civi email will)
Contribution page blank when SEF URLs on (Joomla)
NodeJS error on latest CiviBuild
What is required to run CiviCRM on Amazon RDS?
Spanish protection of data obey. Question about a possible Sue against your company
How can I link to a specific tab in crm-ui-tab-set
Installing civicrm-4.7.19-l10n suggestions
Error During "Find & Merge Duplicate Contacts"
How do I proceed to make CiviCRM bilingual
Why don't contributions paid via a private page, using PayPal, complete and send receipts?
How many organizations use CiviCRM?
templates_c cache files not being deleted
Activities not showing in Home Screen
REST API - json and chaining issues
CiviCRM MailChimp API Limitations
Activity date for automated mailings
Remove display of location field in Current and Upcoming Events view - Joomla
CiviCRM permissions to only view basic reports
How can I align an image to the top of a cell in civimail?
No such field: card_type, but exists
Why are export field mappings not available for custom search results?
Contributions: Error Cancelling Contribution The recurring contribution could not be cancelled
Table for Custom Fields
Dashlets not available to be added to Dashboard
Error message "Profile search, view and edit are not supported for Profiles..."
Rules for Inbound Mail Processing (multiple addresses? searches?)
OCR for Photo IDs?
Is it possible to get event mailing (confirmation etc.) into a Persons activities?
Membership due change over time
CiviVolunteer front-end assignment listing
How can i provide a search screen that will show participant information?
Can't Add a New Fee to an Existing Event in 4.7.20
Server error 500 running cron.php in wp-content/plugins/civicrm/civicrm/bin/
Scheduled mailings are started, but not finished, no messages sent unless "Run now"
Setting up a view to list the current user's activity details
What's the problem with this state province crash?
Is there a way to make some events a sub-category for another event?
Event Registration Bug
Expected information for iATS recurring contributions?
What to do when online event registration doesn't process?
Supplemental address should be searchable
Integrating QR codes for event attendance
Contribution Summary throws 500 error
Mosaico with WordPress Unexpected errors
Best Practise for recording thank you letter.I don't have email addresses
Why are custom tabs not displayed correctly in contact summary?
Hide Smart groups
Can I automatically add someone to a Civicrm group when the register as a WordPress subscriber?
Is there a way to create an an automatic email if someone is removed from a group?
Issue getting Email for Bounce Processing
How to prevent the accidental the deletion of contacts, when an obligation exists to keep their records?
new feature? - all addresses needs to be searchable
4.7.20 upgrade -- missing indices warning, but index already exists?
Contact Import explode issue with matching contacts
500 Error on install
API permission check failed: CiviEvents Fails after update to 4.7.19 and 4.7.20
Every time someone hits "Confirm Contribution" their screen just goes blank
How can i show a Drupal block on a specific civi path that contains a question mark
Using custom fields to store secondary addresses
"Could not copy Mosaico Template' in 4.7.20
Where is the CiviCRM UI styleguide / reference?
Disable check that a web browser has already signed a petition?
How is a draft removed since looks like only option is continued
noob query : Importing contacts and membership
Hide Cividiscount box from specific contribution page
Howto import CAMT053 XML with CiviBanking
how to automatically creates a relationship
Non-public contribution pages or event registrations (permissions)
4.7 Utils/Mail.php doesn't check if CC/BCC are null but should
questions on External ID
Files directory empty
Difficulties generating an entity's DAO and SQL for a new extension
Problem with links & base page
Approve member before payment
want to change search algorithm in custom fields
CiviMail Report - Administrator Permission Problem
Custom Fields are not showing when trying to import a CSV
Error when upgrading from 4.7.16 to 4.7.20
Event receipt sent as PDF failing
Thank-you Sent same as Recieved Date
How secure is CiviCRM?
How to add a tag or group to a set of pre-existing contacts via import?
Can I see (smart) group relations?
Transitive relationships
Using Google Analytics to track events
help needed in importing multi value custom fields
Profile pic not displayed in civimail
Ajax error when viewing relationships under IIS and Joomla (HTTP400 - invalid syntax)
Which version of Angular/AngularJS does CiviCRM use?
Southern California Civi CRM Expert Wanted
Initial payment processor setup for PayPal
Front End Name List/Search Gives DB Error
Problem with new Pay Later contributions showing as Completed
How to make event registration form fields be displayed inline
Event registration form - How to make one field appear only if another checkbox field was ticked?
How can I change the way price set information is presented on a contribution page?
User Log-Ins at the same time
Importing Contributions - Email Receipt
Registering for recurring event shows wrong date on confirmation screen
Civicrm admin menu - can it be made to open submenus on hover rather than on click?
How to load custom css into admin popup boxes?
civicrmHooks.php no longer invoked under Joomla and CiviCRM 4.7.20
Scheduled jobs cron not working properly
Adding barcode in Event confirmation email
Creating a copy of an previous event
How to add a new entity in CiviCRM extension
Is there any step by step guideline to know CiviCRM for absolute beginner?
What do you do with Pending (Incomplete Transaction)?
how to configure outbound email as gmail
How do I export my contacts as a .csv or .txt file?
Tracking on Civimail suddenly stopped working
searching custom field
How to load my page in a popup window?
How to enter relationship dates before 1997?
l10n Translations does not show in settings
Is there a way to print mailing labels from a report
Mapping database from Neon to Civi
Setting up a Green Party email
Organizational membership
Reporting options
Unable to locate folder xml under the civicrm root directory
Fatal error: Uncaught CRM_Core_Exception: Civi/Core/InstallationCanary.php on line 53
How to build reports or Views based on who the Manager is
CiviCRM identifies itself over SMTP as 'localhost' while sending CiviMail via CLI
Access Denied After SSL Changes on Resource URL Admin Page
CiviCRM on Wamp server over lan network
How CiviCRM works when a url hits
Show VAT on event registration page
How can I detect whether a form is being filled in via the admin pages, rather than via the front-end?
Cron failing on Update Membership Statuses and Send Renewal Reminders
Is it possible to make groups mutually exclusive?
CiviCRM_API3_Exception: '3' is not a valid option for field contribution_page_id
Wrong Authnet transaction key entered, memberships pending, event registrations complete?
accessing civicrm in lan
Password field not displayed in contribution page
Efficient methods for flagging profile submissions from a contact form
Mail error when sending to smart groups
ePay Payment Processor not recognized when adding new payment processor
Problem submitting payment on webform gift membership
Wordpress main search widget - Search events
prompted for password too often
Javascript MIME type mismatch error after server move
How do I redirect back to the same tab after submitting a form?
CiviDiscount - Manual Event Registration Issue with Automatic Discount
Transactions with fee amount don't show up properly in batches
How do I soft credit a pledge?
Couldnt see Civicrm plugin when logged in as wordpress subscriber/editor and other roles
Mosaico template editing not loading consistently
premium gift reports not showing size ordered
Drupal User ID Token
Standalone CiviCRM? (no CMS)
How can i combine new person and a new contribution on the same page?
Can't send or test bulk mail, but test mail succeeds in System Settings / Outbound email / SMTP
Advanced search with geocoding generates error
Couldnot create an event in civicrm 4.7.20
Saving User Preferences
How to include buttons in Civimail
Participant quantity passed to Additional Participant pages
CiviCRM for political campaign
Date picker separator characters munged
CiviCRM Entities module makes error 500 to site
Error 500 when using Mosaico with large content and number of users
Stripe extension fails with a new account (civi 4.7.20)
How to create entity in CiviCRM
DB Error under Languages, Currency, Location
Should I use implicit annotation for AngularJS dependency injection?
Getting Custom field values via API using chaining
Contact Search Column & Data Mismatch
How to reset the headless test db?
URGENT : Stripe.js token was not passed! Report this message to the site administrator. (on civicrm 4.7.20)
Can't find a patch for "CiviCRM is not of type Int"
Where I have to write my hook
What permission are required to select an existing event location in CiviEvent?
get source table values in civicrm_triggerInfo
Select alias with dot is not returned from CRM_Core_DAO::executeQuery()
Which Paypal service offers the better integration for auto-renewing memberships?
Configuring Contribution Dashboard
Addition of custom-fields
Creating a copy of CiviCRM on a test sub-domain (Wordpress)
CiviMail is not sending immediate mailing and scheduled mailing is working partially
configuring SMTP on windows 7 for Civicrm
Permission errors when embedding civi-event on home page
Scheduled SMS Reminders aren't delivering
Civi duplicate rules with respect to email & primary versus location type
Failure to install CiviCRM on a clean new Wordpress site, running on Debian Jessie. Installation activation went to a blank page
Is there a customized realtor sales and contact management system in civi
How to clear hook cache
How can we see change logs for events?
How to handle conditions in API
Upgrading to 4.7.21 on Wordpress get uncaught exception on status page
How do I download duplicates of imported contacts in the past month?
Missing indices error followed by missing system status page
Status page angular load error
Why is the CiviCRM installer unable to connect to the MySQL server?
How can I chase up mailing list subscribers who don't confirm their opt-in?
Creating a donor letter
How to create a contribution or event report that indicates amount of payment and balance owed
Cannot install CiviCRM 4.7.21 on WordPress/Drupal
Why does a user get 'email field required' after submitting a form such as a Contribution page
How to create a Drupal rules condition that checks CiviCRM contact's Group or Tag or Subtype
How can I fix this problem with duplicate index in 4.7.21?
Mosaico - ImagickDraw unable to load any image on templates
How to manage AngularJS dependencies within an extension
Display CiviCRM Price Set end date in view
Confused About API Results
Setting up Cron Jobs to run Initially(Cron Not Running)
Regression starting at 4.7.20 causes redirect to Drupal home page with Drupal error status displayed: "E-mail address field is required."
Multi-value Custom fields not showing up for export
How do I write the _spec function for my custom API?
Multiple errors after upgrading to 4.7.21 and Joomla 3.7.3
Wrong headings diplaying on contact search results
Missing indices status after upgrading to CiviCRM 4.7.21 on WordPress 4.8
Error: Refund amount must equal refund due amount
CiviCRM upgrade to 4.7.21 (Drupal 7)
Multi-select not working with crmUiSelect AngularJS select2 directive
ngChange event fired twice when using multi-select with crmUiSelect
how to transfer data from one server to new one for Civi CRM on wordpress
Error when installing CiviVolunteer
Mailings appear to complete but do not send and remain "running"
Upgrade to Drupal 4.7.12 failed (while upgrading from 4.7.11 to 4.7.21)
How to write php unit test
Cannot send email from CiviCRM after upgrade to 4.7.21 (Joomla 3.7.3)
Using CiviCRM API in Drupal View
SOLVED: Can't run Upgrade script 4.7.21 (Drupal6) due to unknown column = civicrm_custom_group.is_public
Multiple branch/chapter management with various access level of information
How to customise the activities tab listing
Best way to search through multiple postcode regions
How to make the City field a dropdown selection depending on the county selected?
Getting Error Message from payment gateway
List of fields and explanations?
Submit button on a profile is missing
Add back WYSIWYG buttons
Updating a custom field set for case entity Civi API
Issue with custom report that shows all users registered for event in last 2 years but not this year
User to view/change own membership as well as address details etc
Image Upload URL Inconsistency
Reassign Case Role Not Working in 4.7
WP CLI method for setting up cron jobs
Wordpress Shortcodes for Displaying subsets of events
How do I get started using CiviCRM?
Can you use moneris with CiviCRM?
Set [civicrm.files]
Cividesk Sparkpost extension aggressively marking contacts "On Hold"
Authorize.net TLS Disablement Notice civicrm
Link to filtered Activities tab from Contact Summary? (Drupal 7, civicrm 4.7)
Linking Activities
What are some ways to handle flight information?
Which javascript features can I use in CiviCRM core?
Civimail Not working after upgrade to 4.7.21 with Joomla 3.7.3 unless I turn on debugging
add new conditions in postProcess hook - Civicrm
Civicrm inacessible after migration
No import for existing contact
Why do Credit Card fields (and Billing fields) display before the PAYMENT METHOD is selected?
simple way to import membership and contributions together
How to Manage View Title according to Contextual Filters
List Parents of Children having certain values
Can't extract latest civicrm-4.7.22-drupal.tar.gz to install
assigning task of writing thank-you letters to staff members
Securiy certificate expired for installation documentation
Edit subscription confirmation requests
How do I see which permissions are necessary to execute a given API call?
How can I fix the error message "Could not find contribution record" from PayPal?
Query to get a list of contacts not tagged with a tag, but the user has multiple other tags
Rotate SMS providers to get around 200 messages per day limit?
Trigger a reminder if activity has not been recorded in x amount of time
Aggregate of activity duration in Drupal Views
How to restore the colour button in Ckeditor
Is there a way to integrate CiviCRM with Magento?
Tracking links that have been added via tokens
Extend CiviCRM template in Extension
Opt out by email -- return address doesnt exist
Displaying Tags as search result
Integration with Campaign Monitor?
Donor access to edit recurring donations
Cron Fail: Sessions
What exposure would my CiviCRM campaign receive?
Lookup field for parliamentary constituency
building an extension: how can I create a multiple-step form?
Get a 403 error when adding an image to the online registration page in event management
timezone in PHP is incorrect
CiviEvent automatically send survey after event
we are trying to set up Sparkpost in CiviCRM, but we are using G-Suite and cant use DNS?
Tracking external contribution sources
Appearance of Client Names
Custom fields in the Report Templates
angularjs: example from docs.civicrm.org does not work
Translating CiviEvent Public pages
Shortlisting contacts with complete address
Debug PseudoConstant
CiviCRM for NGO
Where can I get the code that creates the progress bar for Personal Campaign Pages?
how to make charts and graphs in CiviCRM
Comptability support
How to troubleshoot the wordpress issue when the site is migrated from one host to another?
Having issues downloading development tools using civi-download-tools
Authorize.net Recurring Transactions (ARB) - Silent Post URL Not Working
screen for composing a mail is blank
CiviVolunteer - Functions Not Working after Security Update to Civi 4.7.21 on Drupal
How do I delete a contribution
Paypal IPN no longer updating contributions
Can't create mailings if imageUploadDir and imageUploadURL don't match
Why can Search results not be removed from mailing recipients?
Multiple insances of a custum field for one entity
Climbing Gym Management
Manage Groups page not showing parent groups with nesting of child groups after upgrade
Different Result in Code Than API Explorer
Another CRON headache: fwrite() expects parameter 1 to be resource, string given in … /WP_CLI/Loggers/Base.php
Update 4.7.22 : Operation failed: Update Indices DB Error: already exists
Show full county name rather than the abbreviated form
Create fakefile warning
Import override for latitude and longitude
Running Cron scheduled jobs - Wordpress
Will recurring contributions be recorded for memberships not hosted by CiviCRM?
"Invalid Filter in CRM_Core_BAO_CustomGroup" error
CiviCRM backup query
Exception for each Civi version DB upgrade
Cloning a site in WPEngine
inner join using api3 chaining
What permission allows removing dashlets from "Configure Your Dashboard"?
Can I change Event Types in bulk?
Is it possible to copy a profile?
ER diagram for the latest Civicrm , Foreign key in Structure, test cases/plans
CiviEvent not registering via backend
Need to update fields in membership - Is there a global change function similar to the one on Raisers Edge to do this?
Multi-client capability und data storage
CiviCRM for animal rescue charity
How to disable State/Province in billing address blocks
Fatal error: Class 'Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder' not found
Wordpress custom contribution and newsletter signup forms
Unable to delete Price Field from Price Set used for Contributions
Why does the civicrm upgrade stop after each step of the upgrade eg at 4.7.19 then again at 4.7.20
creating scheduled api using civix
UML diagram, Use case diagram
Membership Page - Contributions page
CiviBuild - wp-demo install error with postdrop
com_civicrm/civicrm/CRM/Core/BAO/SchemaHandler.php on line 730
Best way to integrate two sites with different security levels
Where in the database is the Date Added for Group records?
CiviCRM 4.7 with WordPress 4.8 : DB Constraint Violation - contact_id should possibly be marked as mandatory for DashboardContact,create API
Recommended way to deal with delete action in a page?
“MySQL support not included in PHP”
Making the Event Registration icon larger
Embed Contribution Page Error
Bulk mail still listed under Activities tab
My Summary Overlays are bad after upgrading to 4.7
Testing new site (not secure yet); using Search/Contact switches to secure url
Profiles broken after update to 4.7.22?
CiviCRM membership component
Change billing date of recurring contribution (PayPal payment processor)
Adding validation: cannot use $this in formRule() of Form
Gift aid uploaded declarations are only showing the first image for each entry
How Smart Groups Work
webform membership : duplicate transaction & receipts and/or submissions
Filtering activities by Source Contact ID
CiviCRM Twilio extension working for mass SMS but not individual SMS
Events disappearing when adding additional dates
CiviPoints - Basics on how to configure and use this extension
Trigger event scheduled reminders on registration date or change of participant status
Membership Signup Form - add "Phone Number" field (required)
Conference Registration with Housing Requirements
How do I make one hyperlink which shows its target page as a modal dialog when clicked?
CiviVolunteer permissions to allow registered (Drupal) users to view assignment details
Exporting Contacts Results in DB Error
ProPublica Congressional API CiviCRM Module
All emails are sent from the same address
Establishing Group Based Permissions to Limit Display of Content to Logged In User
How can I trigger a selection for a Select2 EntityRef element via javascript?
Registration Form (profile) with selected groups only?
How can I put an AngularJS page inside a crm-popup modal window?
Webform (Contact Create API) doesn't set Communication Style
Bulk delete activity based on criteria
Civi CRM Expert in Europe wanted
Copying the CiviCRM installation in a different machine
Setting primary email and phone upon contact update
How to enter a new contribution?
How do I test Online Contribution Receipts?
CRM/Core/Config.php line 41 throwing 500 error with new require_once api/api.php
Dependant autocomplete civicrm
hey guys, i need some help to add some features to civicrm locally using phpstorm?
individual contacts: Bulk email?
Fill in custom field of type contact reference field from javascript returns TypeError
CKEditor Multi-Site Configuration Problem
How can I create a group containing all contacts with more than one email address?
Prevent Event Registration for a Specific Role (Drupal)
CiviCRM Receipt Text for Offline Join and Renew
CiviCRM >> Administer CiviCRM >> Profiles is blank
Restrict case clients to organizations?
How to add a sorting column in Reports
How to add a custom field in Civicase that can be retrieved later?
Can someone help me fix a "greyed out" save button for a new contribution?
Where is the "Allow Other Amounts?" option?
How do I put a Brown Paper Ticket ticket sale button on our CiviCRM main page
No displayName after editing or creating
How can I generate an internal URL to a CiviCRM page based on certain parameters?
How can I fix [civicrm.root] variable on an addon domain?
Subscribe to group via a webform - pass in group Id
CiviCRM events pay later error - Undefined index: event
Is there a way to re-send failed transactional emails using SparkPost email extension?
Event Date Stamps Messed up?
get name and email in exchange for free PDF
CiviCRM on Wordpress - Suppressing 'Administer' Menu items
Scheduled Reminders - Limit or Add Recipients
Extension download error
Why do I need so extensive permissions for getting event participant via API?
Automatic discount if participant on other event
Why are all my iATS recurring payments for EFT/ACH marked as "pending incomplete transaction"?
Why does outbound email stop working after enabling the PHP Mcrypt extension?
Upgrading issues on Wordpress - Solution
How to make event name badges with background image and coloured text?
GDPR and CiviCRM for a small but internationally operating and serving organisation
Restrict access to webinar after registration in CiviEvent
Online Registration Confirmation throws an error after Paypal checkout is done
Scheduled Reminders - Renewal Link
How remove fields from default price set
Profiles automatically adding to Groups
using MailChimp on LAN CiviCRM
Link to User record, via View Contact -> Actions -> User Record gives Page Not Found (404). Is this a bug?
Missing Tag Sets in Profile Tags Field
Where can I see the database upgrade script?
CiviCRM Integration with SMS Gateway custom API
spam problem (inbound mail)
Scheduled Reminders DB Error v 4.7 under Drupal
civix permission denied errors in /usr/local/bin when generating a skeltal extension
Is there a limit to the number of fields that can be included in a profile?
How can I automatically redirect anonymous users to a login page?
Why does the Constituent Summary & Detail reports contain deleted contacts? (or, how to remove them?)
CiviCRM (on WordPress) runs too slow to be useful
Unable to amend membership if it previously was related to an organisation record
ACL role assignments not showing on screen, but still working
Contribution Summary can't be filtered by payment method
Google forms, mailchimp and civicrm
Is there a way to access [civicrm.files] from smarty?
Twilio extension stopped working; neither individual nor mass SMS go through
CiviCRM Extension not grabbing latest release
Debugging SQL - possible database problem
Mass SMS broken, single SMS kind of works
Mailing behavioural data throgh API
Setting Default Value BuildForm Hook does not work
How to embed a Soundcloud player into CiviCRM mailings
Run report of donors with email addresses
URL for cron Jobs gives me a 404 error
back office renewals with price sets
How do I regenerate the text version of an email after editing the HTML draft?
Can native CiviContribute capture In-Kind donations?
Views List Needs to be re-displayed to have a Full Listing
Profile Layout in civi on Joomla
Negative searches: volunteers WITHOUT relationship to supervisor
CiviCRM Home Dashlets - making them wider, possibly span over right and left column
Make phone type value "mobile" for every individual
Images with text in Message Templates in a multilingual installation
Membership end date not updated for autorenew monthly
Fatal error when accessing Civicrm administrator page
Dedupe rules for profiles in civicrm
Click-throughs not being recoreded
CiviMail and Sparkpost Bounces Not Updating email address "On Hold"
Email Group Only Pulls subset of total emails
How can I customize the "Fatal Error" screen?
Update script fails: database already upgraded
creating Sign-up form on Facebook
Wordpress profile will allow view but not edit when logged in
Webform CiviCRM, add contact to a group programatically
Webform Conditional - 'set to' membership type
Non-admin role can see CiviCRM links in profile, no privileges selected
Move all accounts with certain Drupal role into CIviCRM group
Civicrm 4.7.20 Register event participant - pay by creditcard
New twist on "Could not find valid value for id" event registration error
How to search contacts with certain prefix say, "Dr"?
Help needed in setting up rest api in CIVI CRM
Why can't I easily manage contact images in Drupal Views any more?
How can my case activities show up on an organisations profile?
Custom data field - problem with import
Relationship shows up on contact page but is undefined in reports, searches, and exports
Can Drupal be used to send an email if an existing contact's name is changed
Indices repair stopped by error
Can not access System Status & New Mailing
DB Error -1 when upgrading a WordPress based installation from 4.7.20 to 4.7.23
Webform: "not you" message - I can't find it!
Two events with configured PRICE - Price option is only showing on one
Confirm Contribution button not clickable for non-default payment processor
Event confirmation e-mail is showing empty values for the mandatory profile fields
Walklist Splitting by Street and Odd/Even
How to create a Wordpress User Profile when creating a Membership with Civi?
Keeping track of membership history of an organization once a member has been removed?
Manage Groups - 'Invalid JSON response' error
How to prevent selecting the wrong file format?
Where to change details on payment processor?
CiviCRM Home says CURL is not installed but it is
Error: Sorry we are unable to provide this at the mom
Way to display non-public events to employees
How are soft credits used for membership payments in webform?
Date picker not appearing in 4.7.23 and Joomla 3.7.5
Printing Custom Field Table in Contacts
How to mail to the default contact person of a member organization with more employees?
Allowing users to update information without logging in
Specify a recurring gift period?
Interested in setting up capacity for receiving recurring donations
Importing contacts through Kettle and CiviCRM data integration
What is the Process to have an Extension Enhanced?
Scheduled Jobs no longer running
How to pair up event participants?
How to exclude contacts who already received a mailing?
Uploading contacts to new group
Viewing a Personal Campaign Page before approval
What tpl or php file calls/loads CRM/UF/Page/Group.tpl for the Profiles page?
New Organization Button Missing
Duplicate Entry UI_External_Identifier MySQL Error
Add eCommerce to CiviCRM 4.7 on Drupal
Civievents - warning when user registers for event (CiviCRM 4.7.23)
How can I configure my contribution page so that recurring is not pre-selected by default?
How to get new or updated CiviCRM entities (Memberships) indexed by Drupal Search API?
Keeping track of sessions attended for one to one program "package"
Is there a token for the email used in a CiviMail mailing?
Membership imports
Uncaught ReferenceError: CRM is not defined when trying to access mail templates
Error in event when there is no charge option
How can I make civibuild use "Seven" as the default Drupal theme instead of "Bartik"?
Autofiling email activities via EmailProcessor to ORGANIZATION
Assigning User Roles not processing
Membership form that also allows for just a donation to be made
Webform CiviCRM - add to group option
Paypal IPN URL is giving error Failure: Missing Parameter
Restrict Membership Payments to Fixed Contribution Amounts in 4.7
How to hide the "If you have a coupon code, enter it here" option, in an online registration form to an event?
Insert tokens for related contacts in CiviMail
View contact file while entering contribution batch?
Font-Awesome icons not showing -- missing class=fa?
"could not find valid value for id" on wordpress 4.8.1
How can I reset a user password for a PCP owner?
Community centre crm: courses, attendance, reporting
Permission denied in Civi\Core\AssetBuilder->build()
After upgrade to 4.7.23., icons do not show (Civicrm on WordPress) (SOLVED)
Best Way to Print Case Activities
Performance Warning: Missing Indices. Mismatched Index Key
CiviMail: Can only write new mailing in debug mode (SOLVED)
Wordpress Civi install keeps puking with "canary" and simplexml_load_file() error
How can Members download their own Membership Certificate/Card?
Multiple values for custom fields in Activities?
Event participants registrations expires for participants that decide to pay later with cash
newly installed civi - 'Organization address and contact info', page frozen cannot edit
Paypal IPN - decimal delimiter change
Sync new clients added in civiCRM to mailchimp
Contacts I created wont come up on search
How to create a new group?
Error - search members belonging to a group
CiviEvent 4.7* Wordpress - calculated fees with default values doubled w/WP Plugin
Confirmation email to new user on submitting form via a Profile
"Record Membership Payment" under "Edit Membership" not working after upgrade to 4.7.22
Where do Custom Fields for Contributions appear?
set minimum or maximum number of tickets a person can buy
Email Outgoing Configuration - Failed to connect to the SMTP server
Can a Custom Field be added to a Contribution Page or Financial Type?
Status Error and blank status page
Error: Cron Not Running
How to use advanced search to search contacts created by logged in user
Issue w/ partial payments, price set changes, pending refund status
Update extension through code
Issues with recording donation refunds
Event RSS Error Code
Marking a contact as closed/inactive
Changing a recurring contribution with multiple line items
Include PDF welcome package attachment with email receipt
Contact Types Not Updating in Main Menu
Date of birth -- months only show through September
Within an extension how can load a custom `Civi` name-spaced class?
Civi webform - contacts prefilled based on relationship are duplicated
CiviMail - Unable to select group, getting error of No recipients
Search comparing two date fields
Pay Now Button - How do you change button text?
Not all labels printing
Use Email Templates instead of Automated Messages
How to add a column in a membership report for a secondary email?
Paypal Payment Processor not connecting with CiviCRM
What is purpose of the Tell A Friend "Info Page Link"
Why is there no Facebook share button on thank-you pages?
Membership Expiry Date not advancing after membership payments
CiviBooking Installation
Extending CiviCRM Advanced search (queryObjects hook)
Log / report for emails sent using Events > Find Participants?
CiviCRM installer reports Warning: CRM_Core_ClassLoader message
Printing Report in CiviCase
How to extract field from an array returned from an API3 call
Error running cron.php on Pantheon with Wordpress
For events, are discount set dates inclusive?
How to disable Drupal's module update check for CiviCRM?
Import – match to contact by email without creating duplicate email address
DB Error: syntax error when using custom profile to inut a new contact
Customer seeing error after successful Click and Pledge Payment
How to style contribution and event registration pages?
Cannot get the import of employer-employee relationship to work
Online Walking List
Unable to enable CiviCase - Definer v Invoker problem maybe
SMS not working in 4.7.23
Login Failed with eWAY Recurring Payment Processor
Can't find HTML Snippet in Profiles (Joomla)
Where do I find the saved filed mapping I saved in Step 3 of 3 when saving export of participants list?
How can I customise the presentation of custom field in events?
Relationship disabled by end date but still enabled?
Missing Civibooking resource config set
Adding contribution_id or transaction_id to Receipt
How much does it cost?
Quote for set up and on-going
Why is OpenStreetMaps in Civi 4.7.24 rendering a featureless grey map?
How to echo "Hello World" in civicrm?
Adding custom fonts in mosaico
administrative checklist on multisite
Custom Top Donors (Contributions) report with the name of Relationship Managers
How can I include pay-later contributions in a widget thermometer?
Invoicing button missing
DAO,BAO files are not reading in custom folder
Push Custom Report to Multiple Sites via API, Programming, or SQL
Events link outside of civicrm admin area does not work in wordpress
CiviMail Template links are not working
Multiple entries showing on a report
Event Participant invitation
Editing ACH info for recurring contributions - iATS
Campaigns, surveys, custom fields...?
How to disable link tracking in emails?
Email Link Tracking not working.
WordPress Cron Events for running scheduled jobs on CiviCRM
Contact created from relationship tab is automatically tagged
Error message on sending a mailing, CREATE TEMPORARY TABLE
How to make an Event registration form where you can choose which event you are registering for?
HOWTO create full list of Contacts in ON HOLD status
Can I add fonts to dompdf in CiviCRM?
Civimember Add Membership Type drop down list not available
Call to undefined function mysql_error() when install extension CiviHR for CiviCRM
Pay later online?
CiviMail click through links and Browse Site button not working.
Number of people signed up
How long does the cache in the template_c folder last
Network error unable to reach the server when view contract with CiviHR
How can I create a group of everyone who gave in honor of a specific person?
How to use a scheduled reminder to alert an administrator when a membership expires?
Can't view transactions
How To Restrict Payment Gateways/Options based on User Account or Membership Type?
Early Bird Registration by Membership Type
Contact Form 7 WP PLugin Shows Error when Info is submitted in form. The error is not present when Civi CRM is disabled
Update Membership Statuses
Using an External (custom) Table in a Custom Report
Gift Memberships extension, missing gift codes
New Fields Won't Save
Gravity Forms/CiviCRM add on - adding record to groups
Issues with running Joomla 3.8 and Civi
Revisting Family Memberships
How to use Find Contribution to find folk who Donated via a line item on a Membership Price set
help on wordpress for send mailling
Email sent via CiviRules removes unsubscribe token from email template
Can I remove old discount codes without affecting contribution records?
Adding 'Dataviz' to dashboard when deleted by mistake
CiviCRM won't load at all, shows "DB error: unknown error"
Civi won't take valid credit card number and verification number since upgrade to 4.7.24 - using PayPal Pro
How can I collect custom contribution data in an event registration form?
How can I expose CiviPetition signatures to the public?
What character is VALUE_SEPARATOR?
PHP Fatal error Class 'CRM_Extension_ClassLoader' not found in civicrm/civicrm/CRM/Extension/System.php:196
CiviCRM Profile Forms: Label and TextBox on the same line
post hook edit entity
Custom fields for individual using tab with table causes 404 not found for popup
Live Paypal transactions showing as Test
What is the contact ID of my own user record?
Membership Types Randomly Stopped Working
Custom Fields not emailing
CiviVolunteer stopped working after upgrading to 4.7-2.2.2
Contact Names showing up on Google Search even when they are not public
Upgrade from 4.1.5 to 4.2 (or any new version) fails
Error sending mail with Civimail
HOWTO reliably set default Country on Import?
Where to update new Mosaico templates
Separate sites for CiviCRM and public site?
events listing "no layouts found" after WP upgrade
API URL needs administrator
Does the Gift membership extension work with 4.7?
How can I easily import data from external sources like Stripe while dealing with subtle differences in field values?
Tips for synchronizing data from a local branch to the main office
Visually group custom and standard fields on screen
API usage: How to change the 'participant_note' field in the Participant entry for an event
Need historical address information
Membership cannot be saved
Joomla 3.8 errors with CiviCRM
Members still have "new" status, after over a year and a half
I need to find the Host URL, Site key and API key
Automatic updates of timeline activity dates
Migrating CiviCrm to WordPress CMS from Drupal
individual contribution no publicity
how do I create a new template on civicrm / mosaico
Renaming Tags - Possible?
Can't view contact groups page: "DataTables warning"
How do I add a video file to an event?
Joomla 3.8 & CiviCRM 4.7.x - front-end error 500 when logged in
CiviCRM API V3 : Translate Two Digit State to State_Province_id?
How do I add/change columns in CiviReports?
Validation fails on contribution with profile included
Setting up cron jobs on cPanel
Cannot download CiviVolunteer 4.7-2.2.2
Call to undefined function _civicrm_api3_basic_get when using CiviRepeat module
Percentage Price Field extension not working for Additional Participants?
Add Custom CSS to Civi Email
After upgrade, System Status page is empty, but issues display in popup
CiviMail shows empty recipient list
Can you change your default 'Activity Status' for adding a new activity?
Event Fees - DB Error: syntax error
Current state of Household Membership signup (Wordpress)
Submit credit card contribution error - configure live settings for payment processor
Search results - detail pane
Syntax error from CiviMail
Cron job for Multisite in WordPress
Using Maps in CiviEvents
Fatal Error Activating CiviCRM
CiviVolunteer 2.2 - problem with missing profile
Is there a way of automatic discounting renewals based on referrals?
Using event.balance token
installation canary Error Message upon installation
Fails to open ClassLoader.php file
Allow duplicate contacts with the same email
How can I make tags in tagsets visible to users who want to tag contacts
Can someone help me understand smart group caching so I can prevent these deadlocks?
Is there a way to set maximum participants combining several price fields?
HOWTO remove inherited membership when corresponding relationship is disabled or deleted?
How to show by default Contributions Tab in Contact Summary Page?
Civi CRM Sparkpost - pesc.sparkpost - Error Sending Group Subscription Welcome Emails
How can I allow a participant to enrol for an event more than once?
Configuring Front-end Contact Dashboard in Joomla Sites
Can I run a Test Installation? If so, how?
new event From Template does not copy custom fields
Joomla! log in error on http vs http://www
Failed to import contacts into groups (with csv import)
CiviCRM won't store Outbound email settings
CiviCRM - Contribution page profiles JavaScript error
Twilio - how to disable inbound SMS
Localization Settings DB Error: insufficient permissions
Phantom contact record
How can I emulate a CiviDiscount when using Webform CiviCRM?
Add tag and group names into standard report
Outgoing SMTP Username reverts
Comparing Duplicate address
Javascript Contact API - how do I 'do something' with results
Search for contributions made in previous 4 months
Multiple Contributions in a Single Contribution page?
What to do about "Operation failed: Update Indices DB Error: unknown error Debug" after upgrading to 4.7.25
CPanel Cron stopped working after upgrade to Joomla 3.8.0
Event Waitlists Showing Credit Card Fields and no Price Sets
Get date in CiviCRM default date format in custom Drupal module
CiviEvent - if registration date is is in the past, shouldn't be Online registration enabled?
Why can't I see different financial types in contribution reports
CiviContribute: show contributions without other contact details
Using shapefiles with CIvi
Where is the record of Email --send now (50 or less)
Report with calling form
New EU-DSGVO 2018 - Is a new agreement necessary?
Email-to-activity processing - don't include attachments
How to create a report for members with no email address
Using API csv Import GU"I extension for Pledges
How to create Drupal view to show CiviEvents and Drupal Events
Where to place triggerInfo php file
Trying REST but get PHP Fatal error: Class 'JObject' not found in
How does in-line editing editing work in CiviCRM?
CiviReport - how do I return NULL values for Participant Report with Membership Details
Apply Cividiscount to only one price.
Can contact images be uploaded other than by editing a contact record?
Webform Integration - Permission level for viewing the civicrm contact name column
How to remove transfer or cancel message from event confirmation emails.
Having a Problem Installing CiviCRM 4.7.25 on WordPress
Where is the 'subscription history' exposed?
Missing contact records
CiviCRM Mailings external links forbidden
Any way to avoid "deprecated function" messages in the Drupal dblog?
Change displayed value for customfield
Why can't I save a payment processor in events
CiviReport - development recognition report
Line item detail report with subtotaled dollar amounts
Trying to use CiviCRM to take memberships for an event
CiviCRM CSS doesn't appear to be used when viewing live pages
Does CiviRules work with smart groups?
Making a simple contribution page template
Drupal 8.4 & CiviCRM Issue
Changing default text on Thank You Screen
Allow Duplicate External IDs for later merge?
CiviCRM Events (WP) - error message "this contact has already been assigned to this event"
Randomize display of results from a Proxmity Search
Limit file size for "image url" field
BaseURL change problem
Webform: recommended permissions handling when using existing contact feature
Custom membership status is not being updated
Recurring contribution every 4 weeks? Or 'First Friday of Month'?
CiviDiscount's entry field is not appearing
Which civicrm hook for Event Registration form field content change in Drupal module?
Not sure what to do with these errors on User Dashboard
Manually uninstall an extension
how to trigger a Drupal rule on CiviMember Roles Sync?
Profile for Drupal User Registration not functioning
Paypal Express API credentials
How do I get the genuine error message
WYSIWYG editor not present with WordPress
Create programmatically a ACL logic
Too many tables - MySQL limitation - CiviCRM API errors
Notes - searching
Conditional relationships?
membership tokens not showing for mail in CiviMail
How to specify which Activity Types should trigger notifications to the Assignee
Multi-value fields in profile
Civivolunteer won't show link unless logged in as admin
CiviCRM uses mail server account address as sender
Want to display in a profile that a particular contact is part of a smart group related to their membership type
How can I get Civi CRM to display the currency in reports and so on
edit member fields in CiviMember
How cleanup civicrm database
SQL error trying to delete activities following CRM-20958
How to empty the trash? (permanently delete)
Using Export Contacts from Search Builder w/ Field Mapping, mapped field's columns not exported
API Error when saving permissions
Force Batch Merge All Duplicates
What is CiviVolunteer URL when using Wordpress?
MembershipEndDate not exposed in Search Builder
Set value of one field based on another field
How can I import Volunteer information from a spreadsheet
Create a Drupal View of current event participant numbers
Blank page in mailings with notice
How to store emergency contact phones related to a contact without creating new contacts?
Does CiviVolunteer expose fields to webforms?
What is the best way to track Business Development and Donor Intel
How do you add a static option to a webform?
Use Case Difference between CiviCRM and Croudfunding Sites?
Why am I getting duplicate contacts for contributions?
Custom fields of type select not displaying in Activity Report
Directories mess
How can we run a report that doesn't split records into multiple entries?
Schedule Jobs Page on Multisite
How can I print out samples of message templates?
Does CivicCRM let you manage members as companies rather than individuals?
My ACL Role is now showing selected contact groups
How to get contacts in children of a parent group using the API
Show default country and state for public proximity search
I have everything done and still this red no go
CiviMail won't send mailings; start/completed date is "0th, 0 12:00 AM"
CKEditor - add left, right, centre, justify buttons
CKEditor with well-formatted html source code
How to disable possibility to enter past date in activities?
Why do I get security warning & how to remove?
Canceling Recurring Contributions Without PayPal
How to remove 'Volunteers' menu option where it's not appropriate?
CiviMail-New Mailing page not working
WP Install: Event registration - registered by participant id
Switching from same-db to separate-db?
Is there a setting to prevent Paypal Express overwriting contact details with provided Paypal billing details?
Why is my membership contribution page not generating a contribution or transaction?
Adding images in CKEditor
CiviMail: How can I retarget the non-opens and/or non-clicks in CiviCRM?
Multiple Status on a Membership?
CiviBooking: self-service bookings?
Duplicate emails option not working
How can I get $params into my own scheduled job?
Why can't I edit iATS Settings?
Staging and Production with WordPress
The iATS payments "modify your payments" links fail in receipts to donors. Is there a workaround?
Why can't I record backend contributions without using a priceset?
Recurring Contribution marked incomplete and no receipt sent but card is charged
Scheduled FTP data import
Custom date: How to translate pre/post form help field texts (field groups)
Internal links in a Mosaico template?
Problems adding Contribution form to a WP page
Getting into the inbox with Sparkpost
Does changing a price set for an event retroactively change reports?
How to set contact name during Drupal's user registration?
One Time Login URL not Received : Looking for a Spare Solution
CiviCRM and GDPR
Civi Event scheduled reminders error - missing date causes DB syntax error
Create Drupal user from donation pages?
How to change hard coded limit of 50 transactional emails?
Electronic Check
How do I get Views working with CiviCRM and Backdrop?
Relationships not visible after migrating from Wordpress to Drupal
civibuild create permission error
Can't view contacts group page DataTables warning due to an sql syntax error
Safe to run cron jobs using wget and user with full admin rights?
How to set the default Preferred Language
CiviRules prevents adding new contact
Why would a hosting company not provide ImageMagick on a shared server?
CiviCRM 'Detailed Logging' removes former 'Changelog' entries on contacts
CiviCRM Extension: SMS Inbox Requirements
Should I be worried about granting select on civicrm tables to drupal user?
Bulk move contacts to new group after message sent
CiviContribute Donation Form error
All My activities show for other person name
Renewal reminders: repeat?
Smarty code not working
Offline data entry/access to CiviCRM
How are folk storing lots of Files on Cases?
Crons are running but system status page says otherwise
How do I print the "received date" on an invoice?
Views PDF : class not found
CiviMail Mailing List opt-in checkboxes?
Front-end file upload - no error when file exceeds upload_max_filesize
Changing Participant Status - generates wrong email
Error: No block-level parent found. Not good
What are the advantages of a multi-site installation?
My hosting company does not support SUPER privilege - can I use CiviCRM with them?
can't access "Joomla Access Controls" after upgrade from 4.2.19 to 4.7.25
Civicrm SagePay takes the primary address as billing address
Is there a way to create a Membership Status for memberships that have recently been renewed?
Add custom data field column to relationship tab
View alerts messages
CiviReport widgets show access denied on CiviCRM Dashboard
How to build a Drupal webform for individual/organization contributors
Cron Job not working after Joomla 3.8.1 update
How to add menu item and content
CiviCRM 4.7.25 - No such field - unknown column a.weight in field list on Activity
URL issue with AWS load balancer and SSL certificate
Whats the procedure to update a Group using a Smart group
Find contacts that have been moved out of a group
Integrating CiviCRM in Wordpress
Why does configuration option stay red?
Add another position to a contact or enable fullt-text search for position field
How can I customize the page coming after an event registration?
Multiple currencies in the report totals
How can I tell which template a specific report instance is based on?
Weird behavior when Importing into primary email
Search for duplicate contributions
changing amount of CiviCRM recurring payments with AuthorizeNet breaks Civi's recording of the transactions after the amount change
Change font-family in theme
Uncaught TypeError: $(...).crmAutocomplete is not a function
Changing language other then default US-EN 'hangs' CiviCrm
Initialization Error after any change
Scheduled Job send_reminder failing with "No such field"
Why am I getting 'DB Error: no such field' when editing a report?
Uncaught ReferenceError: CRM is not defined whilst open the "directories" page on the admin page
Public Cannot Access Contribution Pages
How can I allow multiple payment attempts through civicrm webform to prevent having to start from scratch if payment fails?
Is there a hook for on user sign in?
Add New Organization Option to Public Autocomplete Extension
How to use a different theme for a contribution page using Drupal
Updating the Security
How to create a mailing based on a template with API
Allow multiple registrations from the same email address requires a profile of type 'Individual'
Confirmation email - providing a WYSIWYG so users can add HTML-ified content?
Installation error for CiviCRM in Wordpress
Employer on Profile - Mismatching
How to set up recurring contributions on Webform using Stripe
Civicontribute radiobuttons without "none", where the "Other" contribution field deselects radiobuttons
WordPress Install issue
Wrong return URLs in PayPal Standard
Accessing Event details not possible anymore (Frontend)
Using 2 payment processors with Webform CIVI intergration
How to automatically add contacts to a group that matches the ACL?
How do user permissions work for multi-level organizations?
How can I find the transaction date of a payment by check?
Install Shoreditch Extension
Outbound mail config in civicrm.settings.php?
I have no CiviCRM menu when using Shoreditch
"Please go back and complete the CAPTCHA" appearing when registering multiple participants for an Event
Send civicrm email receipt immediately for recurring contributions - Authorize.net
PayPal Standard Error!
WordPress plugins and themes incompatible with CiviCRM
CiviCRM cron user rejected after update to 4.7.27
Can CiviCRM provide a warning/error if a user submits a certain organization name as their current employer?
Can I batch update participant role for an event for all contacts registered for an event who have a certain tag?
confusing interface for staff registering contacts for events
Mandrill - webhooks for two different sites?
Using CiviCRM for Coworking Check in tracking
Normal users missing groups
SOLVED is Civicrm compatible with Litespeed technology?
LTS requirements?
Update Canadian (or Australian) currency $ display
Donor personal information exposed in Google searches
List organization on individual profile signup
Multi-part Join Form
Add custom field data to map pop up
CiviMember Range Price: Automatically assign Membership based on $amount paid
Format Tokens Using HTML?
Unable to see or modify rights in "WordPress Access Control" panel
Trying to send my first e-newsletter with the Mosaico system
Joomla! Undefined! Method! Error! Goes! Away! On! Refresh!
How to pull an event report that lists how many people bought tickets at the different level of ticket prices
Manage Tags is loading a blank page
Is it possible to automatically email individuals once I manually add them to a group?
Apply Access Ajax API permission to allow Add new organization option to public autocomplete for current employer, still not works
Automated contact filtering for event attendees?
How can I extract email addresses from a Group?
CiviCRM for selection and subscription to paid online content
Is the container cache not cleared as part of `drush cc all`?
How to resolve "Call to undefined function" after upgrade to 4.7.27 CRM_Core_SelectValues::datePluginToPHPFormats()
CiviCRM Shortcodes button no longer shows up on Wordpress
If statement involving "is not empty" in smarty template?
Best Way to Track Logs
How far is the CiviSocial integration under implementation?
creating a Smartgroup out of post held in an organization
Include more than 2 profiles in Contribution Pages
How do I get Retrospective feedback for an event using a Webform (participant Custom Data)?
Webform CiviCRM Integration
How to expose the civicase hashed value that gets sent in Subject when sending an email from case
Change text for "Continue" button
Check number and date fields do not appear when manually entering contributions
Install error when generating a new extension module
Scheduled Reminders generates faulty SQL
printing event confirmations
Drupal 7 Views Not Seeing CiviCRM fields
Find and merge duplicate contacts error: "this is incompatible with sql_mode=only_full_group_by"
Allow recurring contributions on membership form
Hosting a paid event with a member ticket and a non-member ticket
How to see "How often do people log in"?
Bounce Handling with Amazon SES/SNS
Smarty Custom Variable / Token Array
How to stop CiviCRM deleting a scheduled follow up activity when the original activity is deleted
Drupal/CiviContribute & Metatags
Redirect Loop with CiviContribute
Warning: in_array() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in CRM_Event_BAO_Event::checkPermission() (line 2053 of BAO/Event.php)
Can I access/create InnoDB tables in the database
No cron runs have been recorded (CiviCRM 4.7.25 on Wordpress 4.8?)
CiviCRM birthday error PHP
How to disable all scheduled jobs in civicrm.settings.php?
How to update to new SQL database username and password?
API Contact>DuplicateCheck Not Working?
Can I have a different email address to confirm a group subscription?
Incomplete (abandoned) event registrations
How can we hide the CiviCRM System Status page?
How do I format a webform to register for events so I can fill it out multiple times without cancelling previous registrations?
Calculated field on mail
How to catch Fatal error in civicrm?
Drupal Views Filtering on Subtype
Cron error with Joomla 3.8.1 and civiCRM 4.7.25
Drupal Views using over ride feature with civicrm fields - token
Generate new entity in CiviCRM extension
Update Indices fails with errno 150 on DROP INDEX UI_case_contact_id after upgrade from 4.6 to 4.7.27
Looking for Webform Calculator Experience
Can CiviCRM entities be used as events to trigger Drupal Rules?
How do I search for CiviDiscount code redeemed (to allow an action on those contacts)
have different events for different user groups
Can I change settings for a custom field set for participants without losing any data?
Exporting group contacts to an excel file
Creating Drupal Accounts when a sub-type CiviCRM Contact is created - created by a webform
opt-in to receive updates
Public listing of newsletters in Joomla?
How much time it will take to build CiviCRM from scratch by single person?
Cannot add a new role to any case
How can I view queued Scheduled Reminders?
what is the correct method for upgrading an extension on a live site after pulling its updated code from a development site?
Email a user when they are assigned as case manager?
How can I use the AJAX API to create a Contact Us form?
file permissions with hosted wordpress
How to load the definition of a case type with the CaseType API
It looks like Curl is installed but still getting Curl not installed error
CiviVolunteer Fails to Install
How to debug Smarty mail template codes, broken after upgrade
Why does cv output HTML?
CiviCRM Update 4.7.27 Operation failed: Update Indices Errno: 150
Not found "Create Add new " option in the Current Employer field if the org name typing
Mandatory volunteer contribution to maintain membership status. How would you implement?
Moving CiviCRM from Windows to Linux
I am trying to set up easycron
Getting "Undefined index" error when sending an email after testing a contribution page
Sync custom first and last name fields in Drupal with CiviCRM
How-To Webform CiviCRM Recurring Contributions Self-Service (Receipts)
Recurring contributions on paypal pro - undefined index
LMS with CiviCRM/drupal integration?
CiviMail not finding Recipients
Problem with free memberships on contribution page (Resolved)
For a particular event, how to list all the other events that participants have been on?
Soft Credit Bug
Invalid value for field(s) : field ID after moving the installation
How to api access relationship notes?
Edit/View own created contacts
Correcting some values during import
How can I create custom contribution page (CiviCRM 4.7.25 on Wordpress 4.8?)
Error exporting activities: Unknown column 'activity_priority.label' in 'field list'
Views: Filter results by current logged-in user
error http 500 when clicking Contribute button
Search Profile troubles
CiviContribute Dashboard Chart Layout does not display
Replacing CHARMS with CiviCRM
How do I flag an extension which no longer works?
Version 7.x-4.7.24 I need to send letters to contributors that gives them detailed information on each donation they have made for the year
Civivolunteer on mobile
Check sums clicks - can they be measured
How can Stripe extension create contact sub-type?
Civcrm Refund - why are amount and fin. type are based on (priceset) rather than line_item?
External Profile Support
Problems making resource URLs portable on CiviCRM
SQL Error in Contribution Details Report
Uninstall CivicCRM
how to add contacts to smart groups
Can Domain Access ensure that a civi 'admin' on domain-B can not login via domain-C and see contacts they should not see?
EntityTag table not available to drupal view
Is it possible to trigger e-mail on specific CiviMember transition?
How to Export full back up of entire database
Custom field group weight order on contact summary page?
How to put 'Other Amount' field in price set radio choices?
Creating tags from fields
Mailer Limited to 10 Groups
Why do email drop-downs show "email protected"
CiviCRM 4.7.27 upgrade undefined method CRM_Price_BAO_PriceField::getVisibilityOptionID()
How does CiviCRM rate compared to other CRMs
CiviCRM Wordpress Installer Database Instructions incorrect?
Upload of large files with ckeditor and imagick takes very long time
Merge known duplicate
CiviMail recipient listing behavior on Wordpress multisite
Is it possible to create nested multiselect custom field?
Rebuilding CiviCRM Database
The charts on the civicontribute dashboard do not display
How can you provide a volume discount on event tickets?
CiviContribute: change "from" email address for thank-you letters
Reccuring Notice in Civicrm
CiviMail broken after upgrade from 4.7.20 to 4.7.27 (Drupal 7.56)
Contribution Amount does not work
How can I export an Event Income Detail report to CSV/Excel?
Change thumbnail size on public directory detail page
Why am I getting Javascript errors/ unable to save when creating a new mailing?
Are there any tricks to importing contact data if you include a column for 'is_deceased'
CiviCRM Wordpress Migration: Stumped by the Database
Change order of custom profile fields on Drupal register page
What is the purpose of the "default invoice payment page" field in the CiviContribute Component Settings page?
CiviCRM Smart Group Based on Contact's Drupal Role
Is it possible to cancel/write-off upcoming pledge payments?
How can I use the Omnipay processor to audit missing payments?
Member Since and Start Date aren't being recorded in membership details
Complex event creation
How to fix Bookkeeping Transactions Report so it doesn't show redundant transactions (e.g., for changed Payment Method)?
Case status "status class" - what is it used for?
Support for Apache 2.4
Tags for contact in drupal view shown on separate rows
Webforms - 'existing contact' does not auto complete
Getting permission error when installing CiviCRM under Drupal
How to export with state abbreviations
Unable to create or edit a contribution record
Can't disable debug/backtrace on WordPress
Changing sort of cases with recent activities on case dashboard?
dupe_check parameter only works for contacts?
CiviReport: Field not found when sorting by Case Type as a section header
Donation summary report (Repeat) gives error Incorrect integer value: 'text string' for column 'source' at row 1
Can an Activity input profile "remember" details from the previous Activity submitted?
Moving wordpress / CiviCRM to another folder
Price Set with a conditional 'Other' field
Can Caldera forms display information for a Contact that isn't logged in?
Getting Error in running contact Report
Corporate - contact names
CRM_SMS_Page_Callback run method override
Can you invoice an event participant
Upgrade error from 4.6 to 4.7 - WordPress
problem upgrading php
"view contact" not updating when changes are made
CiviContribute Thank You Letter not emailed - using CiviDesk SparkPost
4.7.28 upgrade gives false warning that my resource URL is not correct
Drop in Newsletters Opens
Where is the mailing template for the automated membership renewal reminder
Different membership receipts for 'New' and 'Active' members
Contribution Amounts Section does not work
Wrong email being sent for event confirmations
Strange Civi errors when editing contacts
Why is my email stuck in "Scheduled" even thought I sent immediately?
DataTables Warning: Cannot view Activities after upgrade to 4.7.28
Direct Debit ACH/EFT Contribution: Asking for Banking Info Twice
How to restrict access to CiviMail's reports, e.g. click rates
ERROR Upgrading to CiviCRM 4.7.28 - Warning: require_once(CRM/Core/ClassLoader.php):
I cannot get the installer civicrm screen
How to Install Civi on a Subdomain?
via api created only first particpant gets a line: "Contribution Amount: 1"
civicrm_financial_item fails on update transaction
If I've set up a Financial Type of In-Kind Donation, how should I properly set up the required Payment Instrument?
Why is there private_html in my [cms.root] directory variable and is it trouble?
Make a search box for a priceset on a donation page
Setting the date feature is not working in events (Added Screenshots)
Is the free() method being called inadvertently on my DataObject?
How can I add Recaptcha Version 2 for civicrm 4.3
CiviCRM REST API Call
dashlet creation
Unable to Update Search Preferences After Upgrading to CiviCRM 4.7.28
Adding defaults for custom field - dependant on encounter medium civiCase/rules
"Receipts - print or email" not working from Advanced Search
Contact image not displaying
HTTP ERROR 500 for New Mailing after SendGrid SMTP Relay setup
CiviVolunteer Interest form actions
CiviEvent Listing module in Joomla not finding database table
Send mail when my grant status has been changed
Anyone else getting a webform error for a non-required date field?
Cron Jobs stopped working after upgrade to civi version 4.6.33
Making member-only websites
CiviContribute: customize "find contributions" default view
Sending SMS Error : Invalid or missing integration API Key
Set Default View for Views For Display Contacts in Advanced Search Form
CiviMail report not showing proper data after upgrade
Date Format in CiviEvent Widget is not in German Format
Transferring Data Out of CiviCRM
Smarty causing contact import to fail
Installed on Subdomain Civimail is blank
How to connect to REST API from remote host?
x_subscription_id For Authorize.net
How to delete addresses (and only addresses) for multiple contacts?
Can't Uninstall CiviCRM from Joomla after failed civiCRM upgrade
Constituent (summary) report: link to contact instead of link to constituent detail?
Profile Directory in Wordpress
Adding copy/code to specific donation pages
Can Twilio 'from' number be a text field with the organisation name?
Install Development Environment CiviCrm for Drupal 8
Unable to run a batch update of contribution soft credits
Customizing foreign language event confirmation email
Tyring to Upgrade to civicrm 4.7.28 on Joomla but wsod error says civicrm.settings.php is missing
Errors only randomly on admin pages
Rest api's Give a 302 found and redirects to Login Page
Display cases in contact summary tab in reverse order (ORDER BY id DESC)
Why would the activity date for a contribution differ from the contribution date?
Create address via API no longer working with Webform CiviCRM?
Displaying Transaction Id in Thank you letter
Race condition death spiral when changing a site's domain?
Error message in CiviMail: "Mailing has not been saved, Content maybe out of date, please refresh the page and try again"
REST API 'between' parameters
Directories not writable
Drupal Views and CiviCRM on same database not working
Civi Event: Price Set, Additional Registrants ( Hiding the price set for the additional registrant)
Incorrect Resource URL warning but menu arrows are present
CiviContribute page broken after upgrade to CiviCRM 4.7.29
WYSIWYG stopped working in title tab
Edit Contribution Form for receipt
Is it possible to export a newsletter to PDF
Where is the search and replace feature?
Send new SMS from SMS callback function
Safe to uninstall Mosaico extension?
System Status Critical, blank System Status page
Why does CiviCRM ignore PayPal IPN parameters and just copies first transaction?
Page timeout on contact import
Multiple CiviHR installation in single Amazon AWS instance
CiviCRM Database Upgrade from 4.7.16 to 4.7.28 is hanging
Data is not loading in CiviHR
Can not enable Contact Distance Search under CiviCRM modules
{domain...} tokens not parsed in regular mail?
Email Redirect to Database setting for civicrm-settings.php?
Can we report on contributions by payment processor?
Manually started scheduled email not completing
Navigation menu is not loading
Drupal issue if CiviContribute component is desactivated
How to change date format in exports
How can I add login and registration page for members with civiCRM?
Error message on contribution: too many redirects
I need help finding an error in my installation
Stop recur mails from sending out to users
How to solve this error database looks to have been partially upgraded in CiviCRM
migrating civi database from current hosting to civihosting.com
CiviCRM integration with Eventbrite
Adding individuals' event attendance as activity for employer?
How to change the date on an exported batch
Shoreditch looks different in wordpress
Embed video in Profile field for directory
CiviCRM AJAX api Permissions
What is the differences between Suitecrm and CiviCRM?
Mailing not completing: "mail() returned failure"
Smart Group relative date criteria not saving
Fatal error using Paypal in Version 4.7.29
Which Backdrop themes allow viewing CiviCRM inline fields without scrolling?
Status message "Thank you. Your information has been saved." is missing on profile submit
CiviCRM won't install (blank screen on initial configuration, GoDaddy shared hosting)
Group not displayed in "Recipients" field in a mailing after selecting it
CiviVolunteer Stopped Working with upgrade to 4.7.29
Where does Civi store membership and membership signup info?
How refund is possible for event participants in civicrm?
first CiviCRM request of each session takes 4 minutes, afterwards works fine
Re-run iATS recurring contributions that failed due to bad iATS account credentials?
How to remove notice at login
Posting photos on our DONATE/ contribution page through Civi
How to deal with ' or (&#39;) in CKeditor
WordPress Twilio Inbound SMS Callback URL failing when request method is POST
My Scheduled Jobs Log doesn't display a date or time
Having error in contribution page after upgrade to 4.7.29
Show translated string in a template field (using smarty?)
Http 500 Page not Found error when plugin clicked on backend - Wp-engine
Civicrm and wordpress user registration after admin approval
Stripe- Cancel recurring contribution
How to enable email sending in CiviRules
How to recover deleted (?) activity
How to add Custom fields in civicrm contribution page?
Problem with upgrade from 4.5.5 in drupal
CiviRule Minute Delay not working
Application of Discount Code results in crazy amounts, new discount codes do not work
Database Schema check/fix
Preferred given name for contact
How to add extra text field in Civicrm Contribution page?
'Spark' CiviCRM on a shared server?
CiviCRM/Drupal site constantly logging user out
Require suggestions on how to handle custom 'contribution'
Path to image in CDN tax receipt extension
Manually Upgrade Extension
Field Source doesn't appear in Import Contributions
Prefered Communication Preferences boxes not set on profile page using Joomla
Is CiviCRM support Ldap or not?
How do Cividiscount codes work when used with a price set?
Self-Service Payments for Contribution (Tuition)
After upgrade to 4.7.29, 500 error on payment
Pledge payment off contact dashboard: "DB Error: No Such Field"
How to check if a contact has an active membership in a smarty template?
How to enable components?
Event booking for multiple guests
testing extensions without buildkit
Search for Individuals with Employee Relationship for Organisations with Certain Criteria
Permission error while accessing uploaded files
One Database or two?
Customise Contacts Relationships Tab
Outlook For CiviCRM - How to bypass activity confirmation dialog?
How to extract views integration setting from the command line?
Using Civicrm_api3 in onAjax[Name] plugin function
No matches found for contact reference field in front end profile
CiviCRM Campaign - Personal Campaigns
Error returned on newsletter sign-up via profiles in Wordpress
A couple questions
Bad redirection after registration for free event
Can I track grants against contributions?
Use CiviCampaign to send emails to a target?
Getting this install error using latest CivicCRM on wordpress
Attach pdf file civicrm_api3
Bulk Delete of Spam Contacts and related Drupal Users
Dedupe Rules to import contacts without email addresses *UPDATE*
System Status Notice about Timestamps and Timezones
How do I troubleshoot DB Error: connect failed on a new installation on Wordpress?
How to get a list contacts that have not donated within a certain amount of time?
Smart Groups and 'event dates'
How can I indicate if our donors prefer to receive Charitable/Political Tax Receipts by Email or Postal Mail?
Additional Fonts CKEditor
How to hide configuration tabs of a report with the "print to pdf" action remaining active?
Drupal account creation adds users into a CiviCRM group or tags them
How do i add parent information to a teenage volunteer profile?
Is there a way to find out why an email address is 'on hold'?
Activity Tab takes much time to load on civi 4.7.29
Adding contributions doesn't work for certain currencies
What is the recommended way to upload husband and wife data from csv file
How can I track donations made as a result of a particular email?
condition on count from chained api call
Create Report Showing The Notes Created for Organisations
Pay Later status on imported contributions
Pre-fill custom field value on advanced contact search form
How to get relationship changes logged?
Is there a way to update a partial refund for an event registration and associated contribution?
Is there a text-to-give feature or extension for CiviCRM?
Upgrade to 4.7.29 causes Internal Server Error with cron
Email not working after upgrade to PHP 7.0
Problem with Mass Registration
How to get subsidiary membership to work?
AGPL: Should sites provide public download links for CiviCRM extensions?
Can I create triggers in the database?
How do I upload files in a custom form?
How can I identify DB error?
Using Wordpress for installing Civi got these errors!
Very slow mailing job with Mosaico with Imagick and UrlFilter.php errors
Way to sync CiviCRM memberships to Drupal group
Contributions: Received Date Vs. Completed Date?
Can I have a price set option add a registrant to the waitlist if the event isn't full?
customize the interface / view
Is it possible to set the list of CiviCRM components from the command line using drush
What is the recommended way to upload teenage volunteer and their parents data from csv file
Creating thank you letters redirects to a contribution page
CiviCRM upgrade `civicrm`.log_civicrm_activity error
Error: Sorry an error occurred Supervised rule for Individual does not exist
Is it okay to have simultaneous data import?
How do you implement more than one "Employee of" field?
Is CiviEngage available with Backdrop CMS?
How to give fine grained access to communicating with selected contacts only?
Data Protection / GDPR - deleting from logging tables
Can I link memberships to relationships automatically?
Different Membership Status Rules for Different Memberships?
CiviCRM 4.7.29 Update Indices fails
4.7.29 not installing on test site
CiviMail WYSIWYG not working
GDPR , opt in webforms
Should Manage Groups display the Smart Group contact count, or just display it as Unknown
Membership dates - unexpected behaviour
Buildkit and php binary is called php56
Civicrm Admin menu bar adding to a custom theme
Newsletter Signup Page/Block
No Text Alignment option in CiviMail WYSIWYG Editor
how do I find a new page I just created so that I can link it on another page?
civibuild create is not working/frozen
CiviCRM + Wordpress + Contact 7, how to get it to work
CiviCRM Webform Integration - User registered for event before they've made payment
API creation: my action is not found (only on Linux server)
CIVICRM mailing links not working properly in schedule job
How do I search for the exact string match using CiviCRM API
Extensions directory error in 3.4.6
Re-install Buildkit on Ubuntu for Windows
How to Customize Events Dashboard
What could $civicrm_root setting in civicrm.settings.php appears ignored?
The requested Profile (gid = 9 ) is disabled OR not set to be used
after upgrade, can't edit Contact Details fields (Custom Addressee and de-selected subtypes errors)
Civi Event RSVPs
Test payments not completing with Paypal website payments standard
I have 2 button (Register Now) for CiviEvent
Credit Card Contributions entered by staff listed as complete but never made it to authorizenet
custom fields created but don't show in civicrm_value_constituent_information_1
what type of protocol and api connection is used for authorize.net
Fresh WP install succeeds then fails - path or permissions problem?
How can i show the Count of Contributions in a give time period?
Install CiviCRM alone or as Wordpress plugin?
Error when installing civicrm-4.7.29-drupal on Drupal-7.56
Drupal Views Integration with Drupal + CiviCRM databases on different hosts
Contact Tabs links gone away When clicking on Pager Next/Prev/Page Change under My Custom Tab for Contact
How to set up 'renewal reminders' 5 days after renewal, and filter by a group
Is the AB testing in CiviMail broken?
What is the better CiviCRM Administration theme on Drupal to apply shoreditch extension?
Intermittent registration
How to get job.execute to run with drush
Automating civilint before a commit
can't edit Contact Details for records with a custom subtype (Error: One or more contact subtypes have been de-selected from the list ...")
Outbound email configuration. Different sending addresses with different servers
Add transaction to reopened batch
How to listen to country select change
Enabling Group description field for webforms
How do I use import and export php classes with aegir?
Idea for extension Someone Else Pays - any feedback?
Upgrade Does Not Pass [Executed: Begin Upgrade to 4.7.19]
File Upload / Insert Image crashes browser
Can you create an event with Webform-CiviCRM integration?
Cron Job returning 404 in Joomla
After upgrade, I can't generate pdf letters for printing. How can I enable wkhtmlpdf to handle pdf conversion?
Mixing Contact sub-type with Individual data in Profile?
Symlinking extensions on multi domain installs
CiviCRM Contact Information Merging and Overriding Unrelated Users/Donors
CiviContribute link to database error
Support for crypto-currencies like Bitcoin
Automated email after event registration
Need to change default text on Credit Card area
Event receipt has empty financial details
Access Control issue in CiviCRM with Groups?
Is there a way to create a two part profile?
Connecting Power BI to Civi
How to remove a contact from a group with Webform?
Report on Cases and Activities
Using ACL for event registration
Civicrm Contribution Statements
Calculate a better price for Webform CiviCRM Payment Installments (Annual)
Fixing null sort and display names
CKFinder has become terribly slow in CiviMail
How to modify a custom field DataTable (sorting and appearance) from an extension?
Why does a profile 'redirect' url not work when 'html snippet' is used?
What can be done to improve loading of Activity searches and tabs on databases with gazillion civicrm_activity_contact rows
Unsubscribe -what is the outcome in these different scenarios?
Is the GDPR extension compatible with civicrm 4.6?
Wordpress hooks – some don't work
Event register page style bug
How do we implement meta description, Open Graph, and Twitter Cards for CiviCRM in Joomla?
Where can I edit the content of this field that contains the checkboxes of the mailing lists?
Purchase package of event registrations
How to link profile field with multiple values?
Volunteers entering paper based memberships
API call for ACL roles no longer works
How to add logo to Contributions - Receipt (on-line)
One time gift intended to be recurring
How do you use Apple Pay with CiviCRM?
Add CiviRules action
CiviContribute - fee calculation error
ezcMailParser not able to retrieve bcc from a mail
Incorrect_Resource_URL virtualbox
Fix For "Incorrect Resource URL" Not Working
Cron is not working after upgrading to latest version CiviCRM (4.7.29) and Joomla (3.8.4)
Migrate Jooomla installation to new server
Event Max Participant Option Not Respected
Use Mosaico or easy editor to edit email system template
PHP version matters or not?
Cannot access Group admin - missing API key
Scheduled Reminders not being send
CiviDiscount db update error
Link to Directly View Default List of Contacts (Drupal)
Issues with Personal Contribution Pages / Events / Joomla
How to trigger the Refund Notification email
CKEditor Spellcheck Error
CiviCRM Mailing Question
Where is extension data stored?
what kind of sanitization needs to be done when doing civicrm_api3('Contact', 'create') inside custom drupal modules?
Fatal error: require_once(): Failed opening required 'CRM/Core/Payment/SDD.php'
Problems getting smarty to work
Aggregation with repeating events in Drupal Views
Civicontribution 'Failed to update contribution in database'
Trouble understanding how Profiles and Smart Groups are supposed to work together
Is there a deliberate crippling of CiviCRM in order to generate income for development?
Donations page on mobile phone not formatting properly on Wordpress site
How did my import result in the State for a different country to the one intended
Civi CRM Wordpress Theming
I Need a Mailings Tab
Google Checkout disabled but causes Network Error loading Membership tab
Adding a Column to Membership Database
How to use Event Calendar Extension with CiviEvents?
Mosaico Pre-header "View in Browser" broke all my tokens in the footer
How to create the best front-desk contribution flow using CiviCRM?
add to group automatically according to custom logic
How does CiviCRM handle international mailing addresses with unusual formats?
Sending PDFs on event notifications and reciepts - disabling
Need to reinstall a deleted contact
WP - Errors after update from 4.6 LTS to 4.7
Using an excel membership number list to compile a civi report of linked addresses
Membership reporting
Price is not showing up on the registration page after Joomla to Wordpress integration
Questions About Mailer Settings - Suggested G Suite settings?
Error on Member Dashboard after upgrading to PHP 7.0
How can a pull a report with notes includes
Searching/filtering by the date a contact was added to a group
"On Behalf of" /Sender header for Emails
Redirect to page after Event Signup
Time increments in events only increasing by 15 minutes. Can't be specific
CiviMail Alternative Outbound Mailbox/From Address
CiviCase Timelines with Activity subjects
How can I configure the automated messages such that when someone sings up to list A they get message A, and for list B, they get message B?
Documentation on using CiviCase tokens
"Could not find valid value for id" when processing contribution batch
Inbound email formatting differs in Activities compared to CiviCase
Directory path problem on 4.7.30 upgrade
Add language files in civibuild
CiviBanking : No valid booking date detected. Not imported!
Emails templates in the language of the receiver
Search Irregularities
Can I change the text "[CíviMail Draft]" in a language that local users underdtands?
Fields exporting out of order
AutoComplete Profile Question
Wrong database user
Which contacts in Civi are wordPress user as well?
Can we add Register buttons to the public-facing Events Listing page?
Event confirmation receipt emails not sending
Private and public contacts
Switched "logging" on - now get 'Unable to reach server'?
How can I extend the search builder
PayPalFlow Pro vs PayPal Website Pro - How do you solve recurring donation options?
Displaying Time Zone on Event pages
webform event registration - no receipts from contribution page?
Can't select Mailing Template in CiviMail after upgrading CiviCRM to 4.7.30
Webform CiviCRM, Membership and # of Terms
Integration with G Suite
Mailer Settings - Method Not Implemented
Why does setting my Directories or Resources not save?
How to add a secondary Case Role that has access to Activities they are not 'on', eg ones that existed before they were added
How to send an email message with CiviMail to a certain % of contacts in a group
How do you set the displayed text of a custom field ("view-only")?
Why is inbound email activity uneditable in case activity list?
Blank Mosaico templates
How to use G Suite / GMail as your CiviMail Provider
Change log crashes - table entity_log_civireport doesn't exist - how to fix?
Is revealing Internal id a security risk?
Need to enlarge the field box size
Need to search for the contacts who's email greeting or Addressee fields have been left blank
Delivery mail status - unknown
Contribution Reports and disabled Financial Types
Issues while geocoding Brazilan addresses with Google API on version 4.7
Hide Base Templates in Mosaico?
How to export civievent participant list to a csv file?
Can a Drupal webform be used to create a waitlist registration?
How can I create a single discount code that will work for multiple CiviEvent?
How to get rid of past events in the Event field lising (Select Box) on New Event Registration page Page
Can I achieve this?
Civi forms in Joomla module (qfKey?)
Missing wordpress civivolunteer commendation table
System workflow message not saving
Unable to Change Selections on Event Registration, Error: "Expected one Contribution but found 0"
how to display civi's navigation menu on custom page (eg Drupal view path)
Scripts not running in contribution pages
How do I contribute to API development?
Bulk delete of events - is such a thing possible?
How to add a Matcher Plugin in CiviBanking as I get "No Matcher Plugin Found"?
WiX Front End support
Unable to disable civivolunteer
Why are locations deleted when an event that uses them is deleted?
CiviMail Reports is not tracking email opens
Webform and Soft Credits
Can not add Relationship to contact post CiviCRM 4.7.30 upgrade
Why don't contributions (for membership) paid using PayPal, complete and send receipts?
CiviRules - cannot assign a tag inside a tag tree
How to display multi day events in drupal calendar view?
Database Error Code: Access denied for user 'civi'@'localhost' (using password: YES), 1045
Fresh Installation, with all old data. Current online version CiviCRM 4.6.20. (WordPress)
View bounces when sending through general email (not CiviMail)
Can I make reports export the state/province abbreviation instead of full name?
Problem selecting civiMail recipients
how do you include email as field in all the contribution reports in Civi CRM
Payment Processor Error - Can't find valid value for PP
Embarrassing Offline Recurring Contributions
Organization details missing from membership online receipts for on behalf of function
Buildkit won't install on Ubuntu
Using Profiles to allow member to view/edit own details only
Dealing with CiviCRM contact records of Drupal blocked accounts
Wordpress shortcodes do not display 'insert' button
If a civicase is reopened why isn't the Case Coordinator (and other roles) reinstated?
Scheduled Jobs Time Zone
How to force email address to be a unique identifier?
Submit Credit Card Contribution error with valid payment processor
Migration of data from CiviCRM Drupal 7 to CiviCRM in WordPress (Version 4.9.4)
Newsletters only display plain text, not HTML
Contacts not merged When creating Account on Event Page - DB Error: already exists
Hidden Smart Group Refresh
CiviCRM Event auto public on WordPress after saving
Best way to copy Contact name to Nickname & Legal name
Blank System Status screen and invalid [civicrm.files] URL variable on fresh CiviCRM v.4.7.30 and WordPress v.4.9.4 install
Particular report about contribution on CiviReport
Tags not saving in Profiles
Should new Scheduled Reminders (based on Activity Type = Email) send out to Emails created in the past?
WordPress - user record URL doesn't show for one user. Can't see why?
Incorrect Resource URL - New Install
Fix for column names breaking the 64-character limit
Why are all bulk mailings delayed by 5 hours?
Restricting discount code for 1 per registration
Is it possible to configure CiviMail to send from two different domains?
Text from Contribution page runs into my blog previews?
PHPUnit_Framework_BaseTestListener class not found
Recurring Paypal Contributions are showing (Pending Incomplete)
Error when trying to print/email invoice
Where is the civicrm database?
Review Bank Page Issue on Analyse (again) button
CiviEvent : display future and past events
Facing issues with CiviCRM installation on Drupal 7
Effect of address change on current employer
Bounce Mail Retention Policy in Civi
Can't use activity table in join query for update
Forward/Copy SMS to CiviCRM
How do I set up recurring donations with Stripe?
Will there be a LTS release of CiviCRM 4.6.x that supports PHP 7+
Request for help getting Stripe Payment Processor working in CiviCRM/Wordpress
Sending speed 30% slower after upgrade to 4.7.30
possible to create Joomla user that is not automatically activated?
Some links are thowing 403 error
payment of an initial amount
Event with team registration
Can you import data from Excel or WORD directly into CiviCRM?
How can I see all test data in CiviCRM?
Email address is missing on Thank You page where it says "An email confirmation with these payment instructions has been sent to"
What permission allows a listing to be exported to a csv file
Problem with wp-cli and setting up cron in CiviCRM
timestamp mismatch
civiVolunteer database table creation?
Unintended Text in civiBooking Resource Configuration
Send Schedule Mailings job succeeds but scheduled mailing not completely sent
Handling null values in tokens in civimail (and elsewhere)
Why do the Extension stats differ so much between https://civicrm.org/extensions and https://stats.civicrm.org/?tab=sites
How can I set up anchors in Mosaico mailing?
open source for call center compatible with CiviCRM
Can I see/export the total field mapping in use?
4.7.31 CiviVolunteer Issue
My contribution pages have gone blank
New Mailing Cannot "Review and Schedule"
Where is IPN information stored in Civi?
CiviMail cannot create ACL recipient table after upgrading to CiviCRM 4.7.31
Civimail strips html when switching from source to wysiwyg editor
Any OTHER way to disable DB logging (CiviCRM 4.6x)?
Custom token to get the FROM Address
Domain Access and CIVICRM ACL of data and drupal
404 Not Found Error when running reports
How to setup an auto email for a specific group sign up?
DB Error when using CiviVolunteer Search
Restricting price option to a group
Automatic Discount for a Certain Member Type
Bounce pattern - SMTP Error Codes
Joomla installation error: Please enter a package folder. Unable to find install package
Authorize.net does not allow query strings for silent post URL?
Why can't I add more CiviCase fields to my Profile?
How can I let members edit their relationships?
Hide Line items if user is logged in
Webform CiviCRM Date Field corrupted on Receipt
Message Template Token limitations
How to Add contacts to an Event or Membership from the Search task list
Too nervous to upgrade CiviCRM from 4.1.1
CiviEvent - Members Only Pricing
Undefined index: params in CRM_Event_BAO_Event::buildCustomProfile() - CiviEvent
Cleaning up images (or other files) in the custom folder
Update of pending contribution leads to double transactions when working with localized version
Drupal Home Page
CiviReport 'insufficient permission' error running financial report after update to 4.7.29
Existing organization getting updated instead a new organization
Version check error - Permission on Bitnami/Google Cloud
Transactional email bounce tracking
creating summary token for same donor but different categories
Contribute Widget showing Placeholder on Wordpress
What file permissions for ConfigAndLog
Path changes with move to VPS
Wordpress V4.7.31 install - Cannot add or update a child row: a foreign key constraint fails
Upgrade to version 4.7.31 seems to have broken DAO.PHP
Using CiviMember to automatically create a Drupal user
How can I have both Participants Custom Data and Contacts Custom Data in a Drupal View
How do I automatically create a case on inbound email?
Session invalidated after returning from PayPal CiviCRM v 4.7.31
What are some best practices for inbound email handling with CiviCRM?
How do I reply to an email in CiviCRM (Activity or CiviCase)
Receipt template $line.description not showing
Upload a contact image via the API
Edits to Events Created via Event Template will not Save
Mosaico returns 403 error due to data-bind attribute in template html
Found typo causing error in CRM_Utils_System_DrupalBase->formatResourceUrl()
Reports will no longer generate pdfs:Shows HTTP 500 error
"Failed to authenticate key" when posting to REST api
Please download Drush error when trying to execute CiviHR install script
Show Activity Source Contact in a Drupal View
After upgrade to 4.7.31 send mail - recipients - "no recepients"
Images uploaded as custom fields are broken on view/download
Price set expire on/active on dates relative to event
How to fix a blank update my details link in the recurring payments receipt?
Upgrading a CiviCRM System
Amazon SES bounce messages don't seem to be properly categorized as Spam, Syntax, Invalid, etc
Latest 'Note' field is not being used in the "Profiles - Admin Notification" email template
Membership Renewal Reminders not Sending for Upgraded Memberships
"API permission check failed" for admin user
Is there CiviContribute API documentation?
Best Approach to Series of Events - Sold as a Package
How to programmatically open the option modal and listen to changes?
embedded link in email receipt to edit/cancel recurring contributions link only xml
New Profile adding custom fields issue
CiviMail - 'No recipients': nothing added to table civicrm_mailing_recipients
WYSIWYG editor not appearing in CiviCRM and Drupal
Unable to CANCEL or DELETE a Scheduled Mailing (Mosaico is installed)
Dokumente ablegen
Is there any way to import files into a custom field for uploaded files?
Add contacts to group using CSV with contact e-mails
Pledge reminder email links to admin page instead of public
Search Custom Template Directory first when using Smarty {include}
Failed to locate template for civicrm.config.php
Adding a parent to a static group from Search using Actions
Adding and storing form fields
Mailing stopped working after CiviCRM, PHP and Drupal upgrade
waitlist behaviour
Webform CiviCRM Event Confirmation Email Not Sending
Mail sender validation error
Civi Membership
Formatting search queries from Civi
CiviMail was sending mails, now it isn't
processing error with civicrm 4.7.31 & stripe 4.7.3 on Wordpress 4.9.4
Import contacts missing button
DB Error: unknown error - [debug_info] => INSERT INTO civicrm_contact
Add a contact to an organization through "profile" public form
Delete a Missing Case
Can't make an account on civicrm.org to use with gitlab
Make CiviMail work with from address a Google Domain!
Install on Drupal 7 on Synology
Reports won't save as dashlets
Paypal Pro - Billing Address state_province & country not being passed
PayPal IPNs not processed if "payer_email" != "primary email"
Persistent "Your database has already been upgraded to CiviCRM" Problem
When editing participants, can I avoid having all questions from all current events displayed?
Update addressee values for all contacts after modifying Addressee Type Options
Is it possible to enable/disable logging using cv?
Illegal mix of collations
Bug?: Repeat activities won't accept edits after 4.7.31 upgrade
Hide "Add Relationship" Button
Disable keyboard popup on select field entry -- ios
Fix for "Incorrect Resource URL" message
Membership signup through price set on contribution page not appearing as membership
What is the GuzzleHttp\Psr7\Uri class, and is its absence in Windows the death knell to CiviCRM under IIS?
Localization and Address settings disappeared after domain change
Receiving the following error on joomla install
Unable to edit recurring event
Webform, Contribution Page & Events - Status always pending
Is the activity id of an activity created in webform available as a token to then use in an email generated by the webform?
Is it possible to set cash contribution status to 'complete' automatically?
contacts where name = email
All CiviMail users can see every mailing in 'Include Mailing', even ones they shouldn't have access to
How to add Thai language to CiviCRM in WordPress?
Notes about participants
How to interpret "context" field in civicrm_system_log
PDF Printing Error
The reply-to field is populated with a number sometimes when sending mail
How to set up accounts to issue reverse (credit) an event payment
Contribution pages don't work
File does not exist error on webform civicrm payment attempt
Mosaico Left Aligns All Text
Behavior of Tags
Is there Support?
How to fix a login issue on the new CiviCRM gitlab server?
What's the optimal method to archive a lot of mailings?
Can't find 'longitude' in import wizard
Geocode and Parse Addresses problem
KCFinder - Is there a way to allow the user to specify the upload folder? Or change the default?
How to debug variables inside function invoked via ajax call?
Track URL containing tokens in CiviMail
What's the expected behaviour for CiviCampaign and permissions?
Editing donation fields
https://docs.civicrm.org/dev/en/latest/framework/ajax/
Permissions for new files under tempates_c/en_US created using 751 permission which does not allow write for group
Preventing slow performance with smart groups
Scheduled reminders and memberships
Restoring uploaded file records
how to get participant id on registration thank-you page
Fixing the CiviCRM db when someone deleted "phone" from system dropdown menu options
How can I help review/test a Webform CiviCRM PR
Need to redirect when permission issue happened on CiviCRM Page
CiviCRM_API3_Exception: Expected one CustomField but found 0 in civicrm_api3() (line 45 of sites/all/modules/civicrm/api/api.php)
Issues with Migration - Cannot add foreign key constraint
Problem with recurring contributions on PayPal sandbox
NG-Hide Volunteer Search
wordpress edit multi-record profile fine when logged in but not retaining checksum for anonymous user
How do you display custom Contact fields in Membership reports?
Can't assign "Credit/Contra Revenue Account"
Custom data sets, search and display in CiviCampaign
How to add "Family Member Information" Columns to Event Attendee List report?
Civi Updating, 5.0
Membership Details Report doubt about Grouping
Crons are running but System Status is No cron runs have been recorded
Primary Emails not Being seen as primary
Search view profile to show only the primary phone number
Finding the status of a recurring contribution
{membership.type} token not being filled out/sent in activity based scheduled reminders
Event Error - civi_flexmailer_required_tokens
Removing an uploaded file in a Webform
Can I sync CiviCRM data with Raiser's Edge?
Multi-value custom fields for events
Why are my simple donate pages throwing an error?
DataTables warning on Find and Merge page - Upgraded to 5.0 from 4.7.17
payment-processor for multiple (bulk) memberships
Contact field, DB Error: no such field
Bug in UpdateSubscription.tpl?
Cannot read unrecognized property CRM_Core_Config::$mapGeoCoding
how to import extension to civicrm
Error trying to upload an image in civimail on wordpress
Wordpress Ajax & pictures not loading after upgrade to 5.0
Can we expose the membership description field within a Drupal View
Wordpress Multisite and CiviCRM with multiple databases
GDPR - updating preferences / forgetme
Handling Customer Card Updates with Stripe Payment Processor
Remove Prefix from Addressee
Credit card fields do not show after updating
Check Payment processor is not working for CIVIEVENT
Unhandled Error when adding new Case
How to get CiviCRM root via PHP?
Assigning multiple participant roles in civi event, through imports
Bug in CiviContribute - PayPal Express not working for recurring contributions
Laravel package to access CiviCRM API3
flexmailer terminating without processing mail
Address field order on Contact's "edit" page
API error: DB Constraint Violation - domain_id should possibly be marked as mandatory for Dashboard,create API. If so, please raise a bug report
Possible reporting error in recurring transactions
How can I setup a Manage Magazine Subscriptions in CiviMember
CiviCRM date fields in Drupal views
Custom date field formatting with smarty
Simple Donation's donation amounts display incorrectly
Is CiviCRM planning a 'cloud' version of civicrm (perhaps using AWS or Azure)?
Calculated member fees
Civimail bounce
Merging two contacts
Contribution Widgets
Contact SubTypes and Display Preferences
Different subsets of a selection custom field
How can I create early bird fees with Webform CiviCRM?
Is it feasible to use CiviPledge as a microloan management system?
Disabled contribution page and recurring transactions
Just Upgraded to 5.0.1 and getting Guzzlehttp TypeError
membership approval
How to display an Event's custom field on its registration form
Global editing of CiviCRM fields
List of mailings with public view
Looking for a Wordpress template to integrate CiviCRM
After duplicating event, creating a new location updates the parent event location
Does CiviVolunteer need volunteer sub-contact type?
Not able to print contribution invoice
Importing Notes with Privacy / Privacy level for Notes
Remove CiviCRM logo from Invoice pdf?
SQL Syntax Error - When starting civicrm with joomla
Contribution - Invoice Address layout is wrong. How to fix?
Webform with existing contact results in undefine index
Updating Repeated CiviEvents in 4.7 and 5.0
Siteground Email - How to configure?
Upgrading 4.6.14 LTS Upgrade
How do I change the company logo
Program Question
Unable to install CiviCRM 5.0.1 as Drupal site admin
How to report on repeating custom fields
CiviCRM 5.01 Not Displaying Main Page (Page content is generated by CiviCRM)
How to use Contribution Token {contribution.amount_level}?
CiviCRM running very slow on local network
Forgotten Mattermost password. Not getting reset emails
Possible bug re: participant counts?
Is the Max Participants setting on Events broken in 5.0?
Placeholders instead of labels in forms
Event registration fatal error since v5.0.1
Implementations Basics (Costs, Timescales, etc)
Tutorial for: "CiviCRM Event OG Config (sample)" Module
Restricting Access to Contribution Module
GDPR: How to stop smarty cache entries containing contact name being created?
PayflowPro Credentials not working
VERP not working with SMTP in CiviMail
How to Map Contacts?
Error when searching for Participants
Updating fields in existing records from csv file
Does Drupal's read-only mode module work for Civicrm too?
How to search for all contacts without a tag? Registered for event
Do you use PayFlowPro in Civi?
Hook to stop a contact's email from being deleted
After upgrade to 5.0.2 from 4.7.30 getting "DB Error: No such field" on queries
CiviMail is only sending to half the recipients
How to input URLs in CiviCRM fields (custom fields or standard fields) so that they're clickable
Using CiviCRM shortcode (wordpress) for a profile in a popup
What is the latest version of CiviVolunteer?
Why would two distinctly separate custom fields share the same options?
Fixed Period Rollover Day
How to install wkhtmltopdf Libraries?
After applying for a CiviCRM account, how long does it take to approve?
What order are CiviMail emails sent from CiviCRM?
Mosaico blocks not staying in place
Not able to choose "unsubscribe group" for a mailing?
How do I install the "Birthday by Month" extension in CiviCRM 4.7.31
Cannot redeclare civicrm_enable()
Does CiviCRM have servers in Canada?
CiviCRM Cannot add or update a child row: a foreign key constraint fails error after upgrading from 4.7.30 to 5.0.2
How can I show a list of events with summaries and either a register link or message saying they are full?
Create User Account profile creates error Undefined index: location_type_id in CRM_Dedupe_BAO_Rule
How to exclude a specific link from a Mailing's statistics
How to add a 'Confirm Email Address' to an event registration form
Easiest way to redirect an event registration confirmation to another page
Zero fee for a paid event
Different Contributions if a member
Activity Permission - Prevent User to View Other User Activity - CiviCRM
Memberships not recorded since mid April 2018 (using Webform)
gdpr compliance
Registration confirmation email uses wrong From email address
Participant's Notes is not available in Reports
DB Error: no such field On Event Registration
In Rules Fetch Contact Entity from Tag Creation
Managing & reporting Loans or Microloans to org from individuals?
Email On Hold? options
Divide recurring contributions between financial types
Can't install "CiviCRM UK GiftAid"
How can I completely remove previous improperly uninstalled CiviVolunteer?
Is there a way to do bullet lists in Mosaico?
Events Dashboard: Role-based count assumes only one role per participant?
How can I import a list of contacts from MailChimp to the database all at once?
Unable to do "replace" in API Explorer
How to duplicate a case
What could trigger a transaction rollback on contact save?
User Sync error when new user registers on behalf of a business
How to setup Cron in Civicrm- local server
CiviMail error due to a word in the mailing - why?
CiviEvent price set custom validation rules
South African Rand Payment Processor
Which accounting software is compatible?
"Membership status cannot be calculated for <dates>" Renewal Error!
How can I remove the Billing Name and Address section from the donation form?
How to install a not listed Extension?
Insert custom date field from Drupal Webform
Display CIVICRM Contact Dasboard
Extensions for 5.0+
Canceling Membership Renewal Email
Countries with Multiple World Regions
How to get the sharing icons to display in mosaico?
Not receiving Telerivet SMS to CiviCRM
Anonymous surveys
CiviCRM WordPress shortcode embedded within a tab shortcode does not load
how to report a bug - and here's a possible bug about groups and search builder
white screen when trying to install civicrm on drupal, which is installed on a subdirectory
Compatibility problem with Joomla 3.8.7 and Civicrm 5.0.1 that affects Cron
Event registration's 'Continue' button disappears when Payment Processor is changed
When / how is a contact created when sending out a test newsletter
Import Contacts with dedupe rules
Link Drupal Node Content to a CiviCRM user and add user to a group?
PayPal fee "Send to Friend" vs "Goods/Services"
Cron breaks after upgrading PHP
How to Dedupe Records
`Failed opening required 'Log.php'` trying to install
Email-to-activity processing – create Activity at future date
Extension Upgrade Failed: Download failed - ZIP file is unavailable or malformed
CiviMail Bounce Type - Syntax error - not specific
Is it possible to Contact.get where civicrm_id = external_identifier, using API?
How to send conditional mail confirmation after completing payment using webform
Convert Submitted CiviCrm Membership Form to PDF
howto install l10n autofetch
bulk email to two addresses - tokens don't work
Civi Error loading homepage
Using Civi for a signposting service
How to send a confirmation email when adding a contact to group via API?
How to update Drupal for CiviCRM?
Where is the civicrm.settings.php file on Wordpress 4.95 with CiviCRM 5.1.x
Regex search for a list of Contact IDs
advanced search - mailing fields not present
Error When Editing Membership Types
zero s after the decimal in simple donate
OR operator in reports - How to draw a Participants report where A OR B?
System Status: Notice 5.1.0 After Upgrade
State dropdown empty on form with Drupal webform integration
Renewal Status & Process
Translate Custom Profiles not appearing translated in Drupal
Clickatell SMS Troublshooting
Which Payment Processor should we use?
GDPR Communication Preferences Compulsory
Is there a way for Memberships to be non-time dependant? educational course progress type?
How do I manually add an additional participant to an event?
Hide contacts from search results ,added to specific group
GDPR Civicrm Bug when attempting to forward to another thank you page?
ISSUE upgrading CiviCRM 4.6 to 4.7 (or 5.1) in Wordpress (comes from a Drupal multisite)
How can I search for or report on contacts based on date, method and/or status of group subscription?
Can I import a drupal block into a mosaico mailing template?
Is there a way to put CiviCRM in read-only mode or deactivate forms programmatically?
Extended Report - Line Item report for price sets final line concatenating all records
Upgrading from 4.7.12 to 5.1.2 on Wordpress
Duplicate contact when i log with this one
Dialing Contribution Aggregate by Relationship back a few year
duplicate database in civiCRM
Unsubscribe error message
Directory of Programs
Soft Credit report redirect to Contribution Detail report doesn't filter contact id
GDPR extension Captcha
Can a user removed from smart group manually be added back automatically if criteria is satisfied?
Adding a job as API
Custom Search Include/Exclude error message
Is there a way to edit tag colours through the UI?
HTTP Error 500 during search request - CiviCRM 5.1.1
Webform-civicrm Address fields not being saved in CiviCRM
CiviRules - Configuring a rule to grant a point for each month that a contact has an active membership
Undefined Index in an Event+Contribution Registration Webform
CiviMail opt out language
Exporting Drupal user account ID's through Civi search
Following a CiviCRM checksum link doesn't populate civicrm tokens but logging in populates the tokens.
How to Change Profile Type
webform-civicrm error when creating CiviCRM custom data group
Long running Scheduled Job
How are CiviCRM form names defined (civicrm_validateForm)?
How do I configure Webform and CiviCRM for event registration including optional donation
Event -> Find Participants displays event id, not event name in event name field
CiviCRM Entity, Display tags name in contact
Stop Webforms loading memberships in the messages section for 'existing contacts'?
Count data for smart groups is not currently calculated
How do I set up a group mailing list
Cannot filter on contact subtype in Drupal8 views
CiviContribute giving errors
Deadlocks in Rebuild Smart Group Cache
GDPR and CiviCRM 4.7.30
Splitting Contributions between Accounts
Blank civicrm?page=CiviCRM&q=civicrm/contribute/transact&reset=1 live contribution page wordpress
Smart Group Features Extension to Memberships, Events, Contributions, Activities,
Use case: management of planning / volunteers for a music festival
How to create a hook in an extension?
Db Upgrade from 4.5.5 to 5.1.2 fails with [Error: Upgrade DB to 4.6.alpha7]
DB Error after upgrading 4.7.x to 5.1 (Drupal)
https://civicrm.org/extensions/areas causing error
is there a way to share an event post to facebook or mailchimp?
Email-to-activity processing – can't create subfolders of the inbox
Where should I convert the birth_date string to a Date object?
Manual contribution, add contact that is not found
Importing Contacts into multiple groups
Simple way to prevent one user seeing one contact
Outlining the required steps in a case type
Setting up rule to link CiviCRM contact (created when webform is submitted) with Drupal 7 account
Civicrm Entity & Drupal 8
Signup/Contribution pages render forms with double County and Country dropdown selectors
Transactional Email Compatible with CiviCRM (Not Sendgrid)
Import Contacts creating dupes despite dedupe rules
Cannot edit CiviCase Activity Status from list view
Mailchimp Extension - not recognising API key
The action Remove contact from group not working in Civirules
Clean reinstall of CiviCRM Extension GDPR on Wordpress
Am i able to do a search for duplicates in the database?
Large Text Fields Not Writing in Database
CiviCRM installation page is blank on Wordpress
Anonymous users can't View details of a Contact in a public directory Listing
How to add email while trying to create a Household contact using civicrm api v3?
Disable Inline Editing of Fields in Profile Form
Cannot set sort order of custom fields in profile
Charts using data from CiviCRM to show on Drupal website
Titles of CiviCRM pages on Wordpress and subsequent title issues when shared via social media
How to have form not require billing address if zero fee in priceset is selected in Event?
Civicrm local db error
cron calling cv but not executing?
Different invoice template depending on payment gateway?
Membership/Contribution does not get updated
How to connect your household address to its members in civicrm api v3?
Email blast mailing through CiviCRM
Bee email composer integration (alternative to Mosaico)
Is it mandatory to link Membership to Contributions in CiviCRM
Price set is required but “-none-” option remains
How is 'contact modified' defined as on CiviCRM reports?
How do I create an email template?
tracking civicontribute contributions with google ecommerce tracking
Get the ID for the default organization through API
Styling buttons on CiviCRM public forms
How can I clear all contacts (as if they never existed) without touching any CiviCRM settings?
Is 4.7.x end-of-life? Why does my site say that 4.7 has reached the end-of-life?
Member only User ID request form
endless spinner when selecting event location
500 Errors on CiviCRM 5.1.2 with Varnish on WordPress
Missing column 'frontend_title' in ''civicrm_uf_field_de_DE" after upgrading to 5.1.2
Deduping within contact records
Is this a bug in civicrm/case/activity/view breadcrumb?
Deduping between Individuals and Organisations
Memory leak in API create Contact
events 'missing'
Contact Summary Hook Implementation
System Status Page Blank after Upgrade
How do I pass custom field values in CiviReport urls?
How to enable ACH payment option Stripe
Custom Field that is a Foreign key to contact in Custom Group that extends Event is not updated on merge of contacts
CiviCRM Spark trial and pricing?
Cost for Booster Club Auction Event
Event Management - notify participant on receiption of payment or on cancellation
Problem with sorting civievent_widget custom_filter by startdate DESC and for past dates
Can users edit an event profile?
Custom Data Responses
CiviCRM Reading Contacts name as admin
Webform conditional from Civicrm checksum
Configuration for Smart Group Cache
Can't install extensions on CiviCRM 4.6.36 with Drupal 7.59
How to update contact email with JavaScript API?
Undefined index: maxlength after update to 5.2.0
Contribution Tab not visible after upgrade to 5.2.1
Events -> Find Participants results in Warning: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent
Why can't I see custom profile fields when I edit an event participant record
Sorry but we are not able
Restrict users who sign up for groups from viewing all groups they have been assigned to
Where is the file civicrm.settings.php in WP?
How do I move a contribution from one contact to another?
Large CiviCRM Logs
cron setting in cPanel error
Does Contact Editor Extension work with Version 5.2.1?
Gravity Forms integration with CiviCRM - AutoFill contact field
How to find out about changes in the latest Release Candidate?
Where can I find the Release Schedule for CiviCRM?
How do I process a refund for a credit card payment via iATS?
How to display only Time value in User Contact without the Current Date value
Added credit card not showing up
Downgrade 4.7.29 to the latest LTS 4.6.37 - is it possible?
How to remove CIviCRM from menu for some roles
Is it possible to have webform-civicrm allow 'user select' for the Contribution page so user can select Currency?
Can I export full database and import it in a fresh newer CiviCRM version?
CRON RUNNING OK?
"Print selected rows" option missing in Event Participant listing dropdown actions
How to automatically remove a contact from specific group, if end date is added to specific relationship
Parse error just appeared
Group - Added (by Email) - how do i prevent this?
CSV GUI Import to api -- Set 'Last update date'?
Can't submit credit card payment after update to 5.2.1/5.2.2 (Joomla)
PHP Fatal Error on Custom Report
403 when I run most reports as super admin
Create an activity when a specific profile is submitted?
Unexpected Error when registering for an Event via Webform
What is the cause of Error: Call to undefined function civicrmVersion() in sparkpost_civicrm_check()
Are extensions that work with CiviCRM 4.7 also compatible with 5.x?
Event Fees not loading when registering in back-end
Issue with adding price field options to admin price field
How do I sort the bookkeeping report by date?
Foreign Key issues when restoring db
I am to install CiviCRM on Windows 10 with WAMP
Wordpress Multisite Installation Error
Customise contribution thank you page
Which table is used for hook_civicrm_triggerInfo?
How can I sync the Drupal User Profile image and the CiviCRM contact image?
How to automatically create mailings from an RSS feed
GDPR ext: Data Policy .pdf file can not be previewed or downloaded
DB Error - Events Dashboard
Import exceeding max. number of processes on host
Recommended cron email sending rate for Mosaico mailings?
Can no longer modifiying priceset amounts in hooks in 5.1.2
ACL and Drupal roles
CiviCRM will not recognize valid email address
Only logged in users can change billing and recurring amount
Can't Get CiviCRM BuildKit files From Repository
Disappearing CiviCRM menu and Network Error
Participant Count and Capturing additional participant information
Error cancelling Drupal user account
CiviReports issue with boolean fields
Organisation membership with Drupal user account
Fatal DB query syntax error on rules search - Civi 5.0.0 and recent Civirules
Moving site from WordPress to Drupal
Drupal Rules are not working properly when check CiviCRM Contact's Subtype
Page generated by civiCRM
CiviCRM 5.2.2 System Status gives Incorrect Resource URL (Drupal 7.5)
Text that doesn't appear on the contribution page
How can I set the maximum number of processes?
How to enter event registrations after event has ended
civicrm mosaico optout token goes to unsubscribe page
clickatell sms "Recipient phone number is invalid or recipient does not want to receive SMS"
create an Drupal core account when using a webform
How to share the user profiles with other users?
How do I change the Fee Amount display in CiviEvent registration?
Update Indices fails on 4.7.29
Three self-canceling financial transactions for a single recurring contribution?
Set group field of a contact as required
civiCRM: Resource Limit Is Reached
Can't edit repeat events after upgrade to 5.22
CiviCRM Converting HTML tag to Entity
What is Mattermost / chat?
Form for billing information
Cant install extension E-mail API 1.17
Difference using primary vs main email address
Recurring contribution report by LineItem financial type
Civirules can't add activity parameter "CiviCRM_API3_Exception: "Expected one OptionValue but found 2
Civirules send sms not working
Drupal CiviCRM Contact View -- Show all groups for a contact
can CiviCRM reports be archived?
Can't find HTML Snippet in Profiles (Drupal)
Receiving error message blocked 444
How can I tell if Remote Profiles are in use?
How can I get civi fields with multiple options to offer the "multiple field setting" in the way that drupal fields do?
Wordpress Civicrm doesn't seem to generate invoice from other user roles except administrator
Is there a size limit on attachments in CiviMail?
Why have all my custom Civi fields stopped showing up in Drupal view?
Best Form Option
manage new scheduled job
report mailing date and time have expired
How to use CiviCRM REST API in external PHP code
how do I determine the specific instanceId for a given report
CiviEvent menu listing not finding active event
Importing events - location
Notice: Undefined index: value in noverwrite_civicrm_buildForm()
Why does the default 'from' email address not show as the first option when using 'Send Email' Activity
Does the upgrade process perform enough 'clear caches / templates_c' or should it?
Award Drupal User points after contribution
payment_instrument_id is not a valid integer | Importing contribution
Permissions in CiviCRM
DB Error: connect failed when trying to call Job.execute using cli.php?
When removing a group from a contact I get: Error - DB Constraint Violation - GroupContact, get API
How can I find members
Multilingual instances show 'no such field' errors after update
Integrating with Elavon
Mosaico mailings not sending
sparkpost undefined function status
Subscribe to mailing list through the API
Templates_c permissions differ when rebuilt on command line or by apache
How can I restrict access to some CiviCRM tables at the database user level?
Authentication error when running the "Fetch Bounces" scheduled job:
Name order on CMS's add user block
CiviEvent multiple participant registration does not save all field values to contact
Why are my membership start and join dates being changed?
CiviDiscount for Membership
Does the Stripe extension process payments for companies based in Spain?
If Tag(s) field is in a Profile that is used for Batch Update it shows no results - and removes all existing Tags when updated
Spark - Case management & Calendar?
Disable select fields in a drupal webform
Backdrop authentication function missing
Installer says cannot create triggers but I can with phpMyAdmin
Send scheduled reminders to relationship contact
What Permission to display the Dashboard
Multi lingual site not working with drupal language switcher
Install CiviCRM Buildkit on windows xampp
Can a webform list who has already signed up for an event?
List all Group linked in ACL for specific User
Can we... bring the forums back?
how to setup payment processors for multiple organiazations on one instance of Civi? for franchise type locations
Issue on closing popup and showing message after doing any action in CiviCRM
Could not find a valid session key
error on upgrade to 5.3
Add new smarty template to an existing page
Is CiviCRM right for managing volunteers on clinical trials
Photos on the members profile
How to Add Menu Item to Parent Using Civix
Payment Processor for UK
Free registrations still asking for payment info
CiviRules Issue with Smart Groups
civicrm dropdown list not appearing on the same popup but underneath pop-up's layer
What fields need to be on Gift Aid declaration form to avoid uncaught exception?
Creating new wordpress user using civicrm memberships.?
Error 500 when unknown users create a contact record via profile
I'm having new trouble with CiviCRM in multisites in Wordpress
invoice has 1 line item, but showing full price
how to have seperate contribution pages for each membership type.?
Live links are not working for Events
How to trigger JQuery event when drop down select list is changed in CiviCRM?
Module to Sync CiviCRM Organization's Related Contacts to Drupal8 Roles?
Python Civicrm API Keeps Giving 404 Error
Getting CORS error from CiviCRM dashboard dashlets
creating complex structure
Civicrm profile can't copy membership type value
How do I set the margins on a PDF print out of a CiviReport?
Personalize browser version of email
Problem with CiviCRM registering a new Wordpress user
Can IATS be used with Simple Donate Extension? - SOLVED
Creating Membership Directory using Views in Drupal 7
payment page - total not correct when using Tax
Relationship Type "name" as Drupal [Rules] Token in Civicrm Entity module
CiviCRM & Joomla Username Check Availability
PSA for CiviCRM vulnerability released 7/18/18?
How can I report a bug caused by an extension?
Drupal OG creation on Membership
Can I convert a smart group to a static group by editing the db directly?
CiviCRM reports Cron not running, but my web host is adamant that it is
information on how to translate the component for joomla
Mosaico: Packages are missing (Beta 4)
Financial Account cannot be change to non deductible
Event Registration on Behalf of a Contact is Broken
What to do with "mcrypt" message after upgrading to PHP 7.2
Sponsored events
webform participants extension - maximum of 9 tickets until error
Backend Registrations face group-based pricing (extension) selections
status page not loading nor new mailing page
Billing name not included in message template: Receipt (on-line)
How can I generate a search results page from a list of contact IDs, programatically?
civicrm/upgrade?reset=1 to 5.3.1 from 4.7.30
Should I use CiviCRM 4.x or 5.x is this like D7 and D8?
How to make webform forget a selected event?
how to write PHP Unit test for an entity using hooks
CiviCRM, SMTP and Office 365?
Cancel Button on Profile Forms
How can I change column width on printed reports
Activity 'Result' field missing from API
How can I change the label name of a field and it's data also?
What is the best approach for displaying / modifying behavior of Activity Subject & Custom Field?
Volunteer Signup - Display quantity/quantity_needed
How to apply different Sales Tax rates to the same Membership Type - Back Office
How to customise Shoreditch?
process_mailing processing addresses when called in UI but not CRON
Drupal Webform for Activities - CiviCRM Permissions
CiviMail DKIM signature failure
How can I easily identify recurring contributions that failed to be recorded or failed to occur
access denied on member signup with civicrm for anonymous
Why have menu links to extensions eg DataViz, CiviDiscount, LogViewer now give the civi home page
Bug with Check for Matching Contact(s) button
Running cron job CiviCRM on Drupal in the CPanel
Keeping historical demographic information, while updating donor information
Connection reset error
CiviCRM upgrade from 4.6 to 5.3 > [warning] Both parameters should have an equal number of elements Relationship.php:2222
How to create a dynamic timezone field for both display and input?
All seems fine but I still get this: You are not currently subscribed to any Groups
Child groups with all parents disabled shows in group list
CiviCRM Entity Tags does not appear in Rules
CKEditor WYSIWYG - Can't use link dialogue to create links (OK button doesn't work)
error after clean install
Failed contribution does not re-run if reject code is REJ:25 Capture card. Reported lost or stolen
System Status Page Error after 5.3.1 Upgrade
Any way to allow non validated (public visitors) to search the PCP pages available for an event?
Automatically create recurring donations from bank statements
How to find out the URL of my search results and edit the columns in the results?
Membership doesn't expire for short periods of membership
The CiviCRM debug log should not be downloadable - generated .htaccess seems ok
Trouble adding custom CiviRule action
E-mail body blank to some recipients
Donation Method - Suggested use?
problems with upgrade on multilingual site (in this case 4.7.31 to 5.3.1)
Currency formatting incorrectly on Membership Renewal Reminders
saving mapping fields
cv error: "Call to undefined function Civi\Cv\Command\posix_getuid()"
CiviCRM upgrade paths
View and subscribe to Public Smart Mailing groups using {action.subscribeUrl}?
Issues with CiviDiscount 3.4?
Setting up non-Admin user account in Drupal / CiviCRM - Menu bar not visible
Cannot save Mosaico Templates
Thinking of Creating MobileAPP for CiviCRM
How do I enable or disable Ajax Deduping?
Fatal error: Call to undefined function ctype_space()
CiviEvent backing out of contact change from dedupe rule
crm.ckeditor.js not found
DreamHost is dropping support for Catch-All mailboxes
Add Menu Item not displaying for all Admins
Drop down state list
CiviReport's and CiviContribute Charts not displaying
Can't edit or make new Mosaico Template
Upgraded to 5.3.2 from 5.3.1, now warning Cron not running - log shows it is at 10 minute intervals - Ignore?
Address formatting
Card Printing Systems compatible with CiviCRM
Drupal Installation Error on Centos
Why does the price set field title change the CSS class?
How to add multiple individual in civicrm profile fields section in civicrm contribution page?
Problem with CiviCase
MailChimp extension v2.0.1 won't install on CiviCRM 5.3.2
CiviCRM Entity display shows email addresses - should only show display name
Unable to use ckeditor after upgrade to 5.3.1
Error on recurring payment with one installment
User can add themselves to any group
Three minute payment confirmation url response delay for payment processor
MySQL Query to return all custom values
CiviCASE - edit / report on 'Detail'?
Why Dashboard shows incorrect checklist URL
Help on Contribution import - Invalid value for field(s) : Receive Date
Proximity search doesn't always work for towns
How set Tags And Groups field set to NOT "collapsed on display"
CiviCRM with Contact form 7
db error reinstalling CiviCRM
Is there Wordpress compatible extension that matches addresses with federal and state legislative districts?
Prospect Management & Tracking
How can I add PHP as content with HTML editor?
Solved: CiviRules 2.1 and CiviVolunteer 4.7.31-2.3.1 not working with CiviCRM 5.4.0
ACL Permissions
Change Event Report fee level filter so operator offers 'contains' rather than 'is one of'
Personal Campaign Page image is not showing
Upgrade URL not working. Drupal7
Get Custom CiviCRM Data by ContactID This is not a duplicate
Some tokens not work with CiviRules 2.1 and E-mail API 1.17.2?
wp-cli and job.execute
System status blank - error message changing resource url
Issue with MySQL support
setting path and url for [civicrm.files]
"Do not email" privacy setting and CiviMail
CiviRules - where is the data stored in the database? - backdating
Is there a way to have conditional fields like in Drupal 7?
Can we integrate forms on wordpress using CiviCRM?
CiviCRM Slow Bulk Emails to Sparkpost via Rest
Long List of CiviDiscount Codes Needs Management
Error when exporting reports to a PDF
How to update a sequence email created by CiviCRM?
update pending contributions transaction date wrong
will ssl certificate on main domain work on subdomain
civiDiscount 3.5 and civiCRM 5.4.0
Extracting email address for the who database?
Settings Definition (How to Use On_Change?)
Logs in CiviCRM
Event registration from contact's "Events" tab "Add New Registration" is broken
Counties - US ones but based in UK
Use API3 or API4?
Reusing scheduled & sent emails - screen goes blank
How do I add in a new Activity Type for CiviCampaign?
I keep getting Payment Instrument not valid when trying to import Contributions - after upgrade from LTS 4.6 to 5.3.x
How to fetch Profile gid from hook_civicrm_post included in a Contribution Page?
Transfer contribution to other contact
How to cope with CiviEvent user choices
How to import time with date
Changing position of pre-form help text
How to send Amazon SES bounce notifcation emails to civiCRM bounce processing email address?
Stripe error: Plan already exists
PxPay Recur Payment gets stuck in pending mode
Additional Fonts for TCPDF
LoadForm Popup - Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'split' of undefined
Trouble authorizing agileware.civiquickbooks
Custom filed that will auto calculate a position number based on date
Drupal Views Multiple Field CiviCRM
Using CiviCRM for Library Management
Civicrm webform to edit membership custom fields
Can we print an invoice without GST?
Upgrade to 5.4.0 Fields Not Loading
Remove User Login from Event registration
My custom fields are not visible on Contact's Activity Log
Replace flash-based charts with something that doesn't use flash
What browser does Mosaico work in?
Why is my Menu and dashboards not working on clean installation on Wordpress?
Is it possible to not have a default country?
wrong currency on contribution pages - how to correct?
DB error missing field in contribution reports after upgrade to 5.4.0 (Drupal)
How to setup cron trigger in CiviRules extension
Secure storage for file attachments
CiviMember Sync with Wordpress usernames
Batch update Primary Address
CiviCRM Contribution Page Theme
Transactions using a discount code create duplicate code-use records
Editing Pledge Amount Deletes Payments
Export contributions - missing Field Mapping dropdown
Contribution Widget
CiviCRM 5.4.0 Install "You do not have permission to access this page"
Billing Address - Can i turn off saving billing addresses?
Mass deletion of bad addresses
Conditional logic in Thank You letters
Disable Email Sending by Authenticated Users?
Multiple Types of Contributions using CiviContributions Drupal Integration
How can we create memberships with two or more accumulated partial payments?
'Create Linked Drupal User Account' problem - bug or user error?
Error using Drush and Civi API when adding data to a custom field with multi-select data
what should be the auto return url for paypal civicrm?
Api doesn't update record vu creates new
Price Set Total Amount not displaying
Limit the groups exposed in Group profile field
Views not updating multiple records
How do I eliminate the error "Timestamp Mismatch"?
Amending relationship types has broken civi case
How to include token or variable for Invoice number under the message templates for Memberships - Receipt (on-line)
CiviCRM session breaks Varnish
CiviCRM 5.4, Unable to create case type (angular validation error)
How do I filter out memberships (by relationship)?
How can I expose event creation fields on Drupal 8 front end without CiviCRM Entity?
As of 5.4.0, Activity Search gives an empty result set - patch is available
Civicase- order results in find case
How to remove the link 'do this for different person?' on a contribution / membership renewal page
High-load situation produces "Deadlock found when trying to get lock; try restarting transaction"
Payment link in Civi invoice
Can we disable the "Record payment" button on contributions?
Civi Price Sets
Deadlocked queries cause an instant error for end-users, but are retried in other circumstances
User account fields missing from create user account profile
Can't edit or save CiviCase types
What is 'listing mode' for Profiles?
Civi Event discount
Mosaico menu items missing
Getting errors when moving D7/CiviCRM install form localhost xampp portable to another location
HTML Editor for Mailings Not Displaying
Report with access "everyone (includes anonymous)" not displaying correctly
"participant listing options" how to add another option with more fields
Oops! Incorrect CiviCRM version. This installer can only be used for the Drupal version of CiviCRM
how to get an autoincrementing membership id with existing membership numbers
Google Geocoding not working on fresh install of CiviCRM 5.4.0. and Drupal 7
How to use civicrm to achieve campaign requirements
BI/ Reporting Tool
How to display a related Contact's Participant Custom Field in a View
How to copy a Custom Field in a related Contact's Custom Field?
Getting "DB Error: syntax error" When searching for Deleted cases
How to remove User login box from public event registration?
Error Message when saving Content
Drupal Rules: Send email then Contact Custom Field Value was updated
How to change the value of a custom radio button field programmatically?
Is it possible to apply multiple discount codes to an event registration?
Setting up geocoding
Webform layout box not working?
Date created field displays erratically in views and webform Drupal7 integration
Replace Webform Date Select Dropdowns with Textfield
Can I customise the columns on the 'Find Participants' page?
PayPalIPN: Could not find an entry for module
Importing membership custom field keeps failing
how to change civicrm settings from command line?
How to explore API from command line?
Database update failing for CiviCRM upgrade in Joomla 2.5
how to troubleshoot template/ajax/caching/otherweirdness issue re: multilingual upgrade
What's the logic behind Contribution's Payment Method for offline Contributions?
On event registration confirmation field labels are being added as classes
Is there a way to update the contact.addressee field in batches?
View uploaded documents without having to download them every time - Wordpress
Contacts visible in mailing list group, not on hold or otherwise dnd, but skipped by mail out
Report causes DB errors when AGE column is enabled
WordPress "Billing Name and Address" fields block not displaying
Can you explain the relationship between groups, i.e a parent group
Delete contacts from group
copy Address of Primary Registrant to Additional Registrants
Upgrade script (5.0.1 to 5.4.1) / DB Syntax error - UPDATE civicrm_msg_template SET msg_text
Missing CKeditor
Contribution Page Confirmation Emails
Error: Cannot read unrecognized property CRM_Core_Config::$mapGeoCoding
preserving Member IDs on first import?
Events - Registration Confirmation and Receipt (on-line) is not sending to anonymous users
Creating a Membership programmatically for Household creates multiple memberships?
How to enable multi valued profile fields in contribution page?
How to automatically select a radio button?
Unsubscribe group in scheduled mailings
Is anyone using org.civicoop.membershippayment on 5.3?
preferred language not importing with contact data
Can Webform CIviCRM module do Line Items (PS yes it can!)
Help validating our proposed WordPress/CiviCRM solution!
Converted Drupal to WordPress: Network Error when trying to save changes
Does Extension Relationship Permissions as ACLs work on CiviCRM 5.2.3?
How to create latitude and longitude automatically for civirm contact
Child #2 Participant Status not updating after Payment by Check (a Bug ?)
Send PDF email through CiviRules
Ajax issues on WordPress
Add Custom Field to Core Field Group
How to ensure end-of-period donations are recorded in the correct fiscal year?
form to unsubscribe from a newsletter but from all
CiviEvent Confirmation Email Displaying Profiles Not Used In Event
submit button onclick
The icon on on contacts display list is not changing with Drupal 7 , is my path ok?
CRM API shows only the first char of the result?
How to use civiprofile for contact form
Cannot submit new contributions through webpage - One of the parameters (value:) is not of type integer
What does the 'access_civicrm_nav_link' permission allow?
Allow users other than Administrator to view report details
Debugging CiviRules Error
How to create and fetch custom URL for advanced search?
CiviCRM Page Not Found Error After Copying Site to New Server
What does the 'profile_listings_and_forms' permission allow?
100% mailing have bounced : validation failed for <(INVALID)>
Drupal Core Search to show results from CiviCRM Events data along with drupal content results
New Install Civi 5.4.0 getting Uncaught Symfony Rename Error and Blank Screen
Can't reinstall CiviVolunteer
After creating/saving an activity, re-opening it to edit won't allow links and drop-downs to be changed
CiviMobile "unknown error" on Wordpress
Is there such a thing as a pre-loaded timezone field? So can drop down for user timezone?
Database in unexpected version (and we have no backup DB)
Updating an activity using the API
Adding a column to search results
Network error when viewing individual activities
Display Contact Addressee as {prefix} {Initial} {last_name}
Why is Microsoft Edge autofilling disabled fields on my Webform CiviCRM?
Reverse a payment
Is it possible to restrict view to certain case activities?
Cloud-based or local network storage
Columns available for sorting in CiviReport seem arbitrary/random
Why doesn't anything happen when I select a search action from the CiviCRM search results?
Create invoices in CiviCase
Membership sign ups
How to choose which related contact gets the membership by relationship
How to clean the Contacts and relevant Users
One host, multiple Wordpress domains, one CiviCRM database
Is there a way to reorder the fields in an export mapping?
Where is the developer documentation for making core CiviCRM database changes, to the schema and to the initial data?
Running 2 civicrm instances on 1 database
Max number of locations for Civi Events?
Should participant custom fields be available under events on webform
Saving Repeating Events
Upgraded to 5.4, Donor Report fails with bad sql. Status_id is missing
What's the right crontab entry for running cv?
Scheduled jobs running but not successfully updating
Is Civibooking compatible with PHP 7?
CiviCRM Event Registrations Malformed
Error Could not find valid session key wordpress
Modifying Default Contact Forms (Individual, Household & Organization)
How to display custom fields 2 fields in row, instead of new line for each field
Contact Layout Editor menu item not available
User Profile Self Update
Search Builder is broken (Civi 5.4.0 / Drupal 7.59)
Webform: Enabling a contact to register for multiple participants
Use map with election boundaries on
unserialize() error in report forms
Wordpress CiviCRM site unusable after database upgrade from 5.4.0 to 5.5.1
The CiviCRM public extensions directory at https://civicrm.org/extdir/ver=5.4.1|cms=WordPress could not be contacted
Error Upgrading DB to 4.7.18: SQL
How to allow logged in user to view their own civicrm contact dashboard in wordpress?
Bug? Upgrade to 5.5.1 Broke Some Reports But There's an Easy Fix
Stock CiviCRM on Ubuntu package of Wordpress leads to /var/lib/wordpress/var/lib/wordpress/ paths
While Trying to change Permissions for Civicrm under Wordpress Civicrm I get Undefined Index : administrator in
How display event for anonymous user with Rendered Entity
Missing Custom Activity Field Data When the Activity is Filed on a Case.
When editing my own profile visible under my contact dashboard, it does not enter CiviCRM "civicrm_post"API hook?
back-end checkboxes not displaying after switch to Shoreditch
Batch Update Permissioned Relationships
Error "Incorrect datetime value" during upgrade to version 5.5.1
2 Drupal Sites and 1 CiviCRM
Can you use a theme with side bar items with shoreditch?
How do I create a new folder for reports?
Upgrade to CiviCRM 4.3 failing on DROP FOREIGN KEY
Total amount not populating for online form
event income reports
civiCRM tab is not showing on top right corner of content?
Can you use Mosaico to create message templates
CiviMail SMTP error
Filter Constituents on "Do not trade?"
Paypal Pro IPN failures for non-recurring payments
Unsupervised de-duping - potential matches not ordered by weight score descending?
Mailing template not picking up images
CiviMembership not on Administer Menu
Use the API to loop through contacts and copy field value
Membership Form without Contribution Request
Good resource for learning civicrm and drupal
Fatal Pear Error with form
Where does the PID value come from in the event self-cancellation link?
Automated Messages - Welcome message not working
Saved Cases not showing
Cant find a way to access the CiviCRM $form object in Drupal
Is this a paypal bug, or is this just fantasy?
anyone getting "IPN warning" emails from PayPal?
How to search for multiple attendees linked to single payer in CiviEvent
CiviVolunteer Not Working After CiviCRM 5.5.2 Upgrade
How to set user permission for a particular user?
Problem with incoerent local currency in contribution
When filtering with data in civicrm/contact/view/case&reset=1 I get an error and no filtering
Checking across all email addresses for contact registration
Inheriting memberships through Households
How to check contact read email or not when send email to Individual?
Amazon SES Bounce Processing
Mailing_send_test - job_id is not valid
create user choice form and store that value into database
Manual entry of recurring donation
Civirules: how to move contact into NEW group XX days after added to group
CiviCase Permissions
Mail merge export issue
Set Hidden Field Value on Webform Connected to CiviCRM on Submit
Civivolunteer - Can't upgrade or install
strange issue(permission error with 'civicrm_contact') while installing civicrm
Change membership expiration rules
No contact names in activity emails but only name_{contact_id}. Why?
Upgrading from 4.6 to 5.5.3 - [Error: Remove Moneris] CiviCRM_API3_Exception: "Could not delete payment processor type"
Can't use backup migrate module, CIVI crm error is: "The website encountered an unexpected error. Please try again later."
CiviCRM BuildKit install fails on Ubuntu 18.04.1 LTS
Can't access contribution page without a login
Can't save profiles (any type) getting an error, this is CIVI Crm 5.x and drupal 7 on localhost
Different Membership fee for each member
Render a previously submitted event registration
Total Amount not displaying in contribution price set in Joomla 3
Activity changes individuals busy/available status
Is it possible to reassign a contribution linked to a membership?
Drupal Block on Specific CiviEvent Page (How to?)
Problem with Aggregating Households Extension after upgrade to 5.3.1
How to install civiCRM buidkit in WAMP server localhost with Drupal 7
Competing CiviDiscount Automatic Discounts
Timeline not working as before in case activities after upgrade from 4.7 to 5.1
Shoreditch theme breaks CKeditor Link dialog box
How to debug the API Action process_mailing?
Upgrade to Civicrm 5.5.3 fails
Webform - can accept zero payment
Cannot update membership status (No drop down)
Province/State invisible in Province Dropdown after upgrading to 5.5.1?
Selecting all checkboxes for field reverts to one value
Error when user uses "forward to a friend" using token in mailing
Civicase Report?
Activitiy's email content - how is it generated and can it be changed?
How to add relationship at the time of new user creation in drupal?
Fatal error: Call to undefined method CRM_Contribute_Task::taskTitles()
Link Price sets to imported members
Which directories in an extension get scanned by CiviStrings
Custom fields of type text not displaying in filter tab of reports (CiviCRM for Drupal 5.5.1)
Is there any civicrm api for android?
Civicrm Development (Coding) Environment Virtual Machine
Chaining Participants creation using REST API
why does dashboard membership number not match list of members?
Upgrading from 4.7.25 to 5.6.0 breaks CiviCRM
Could not create database trigger (AWS, RDS)
Feature request: Make Checksum tokens easier to use
Feature request: Make search more forgiving and spaces after comma and non-primary emails
How do I call the Fatal Error Handler for extern/url.php?
Can I pass parameters in the url to a custom search?
CRON Job Output Error (Civi 5.6.0)
ACL Permissions and new CMS
How can I set custom field date field for default date to be today's date?
Custom PHP not being picked up
Problem caused by an incorrect translation in CiviGRANT
Wordpress Contribution Form - how to suppress Leave Page Warning
Is CiviCRM a viable choice? 4 Questions
How to remove Stripe without problems
Where can I edit text on pcp page
Any issues known when installing via docker image?
Two payment processors options on one webform
Custom Data and Screens
How to Modify CiviCRM settings file
Search for cancelled Paypal recurring contributions
How do you select a value of an EntityRef Select2 using jQuery?
Thousands of new contact records created from CiviMail (Postfix/Gmail?) mis-configuration
How can I enable the change log collapsible field on adding new contacts?
Volunteer Report Throws "DB Error: unknown error"
Civi 5.6.0 - wrong css z-index on Activities page when creating/viewing activity
CiviEvent: possible to trigger an email to event organizer when participant count reaches a certain number?
What's the deal with the CiviCRM election? Am I eligible to vote/run?
Tags, relationships, or custom fields to record custom data?
Trouble searching for deleted cases
Payment Page not accessible to anonymous users in Wordpress
Volunteer Report Error: Expression #2 of SELECT list is not in GROUP BY clause
Error with CiviVolunteer after upgrading to PHP 7.1
What is the difference between a grey and blue organisation
Is there any information that tells the last action of membership record (edit or renewal)?
Got an error while installing new UI theme shoreditch for civicrm?
Webform error for event registration - Invalid argument supplied for foreach()
Paypal Standard
Payment Options only show up when logged in as admin
Can ExtendedReports report on CiviDiscount usage?
Grant Export Custom field Cutoff
Change donation to another donor
Email Greeting Updater in scheduled jobs failed
Upgrade CiviCRM 3.3.2 to the latest on Drupal 6
How to grant SELECT access for Drupal user to all CiviCRM Tables
Upgrade Civi first, or Drupal first?
Completed emails showing on draft list
Is there a way to have a "from and to" field , need this for business hours "to and from"
Trigger Membership Status Calculation for all memberships manually?
My site goes to maintenance mode spontaneously
Anyone else seeing an overlapping admin/civi menu bug with Joomla 3.8.13 and CiviCRM 5.6.0?
I got this error after I override the civicrm.settings.php
Unable to use discount codes when registering in admin area
Creating a custom payment method with conditional field
Create a extension for civicrm
Gift Aid extensions compatible with 5.6.0?
Multiple custom field sets in one contact tab (not the main one)?
Why can't I create a payment processor in multisite?
Civibuild Vagrant - drupal-case build?
How do I locate the Financial Type ID?
Current Employer style field for a custom field
Can't view Exported Batches (DataTables warning)
Discount entry field not displaying on membership signup
Including Participant ID in Event Registration Email
Can commercial organisations use CiviCRM
CiviEvent: selecting "Pay later" option causes the browser to show "are you sure you want to leave this site"? message
Rule to create a Linked Drupal user account for a specific CiviCRM Contact Subtype
shoreditch: no option to enable on /civicrm/admin/setting/url?reset=1
Set defaults values and attributes to membership form fields with PHP
Contribution Receipt
How do I get my iCal feed to show past events?
Activity search by subject - advanced search vs activity search
Email signature is set but does not appear in messages I compose
How will I maintain versioning of civicrm in github?
Error in CRM_Contact_Form_Relationship->setEmploymentRelationship() when saving an edited relationship
CiviCRM (Drupal 7) Problem sending bulk emails
Permission role to access Cases when using Volunteer?
How to create extension using phpStorm 2018.2.5
Membership Management Customization: Assessment Sign up
How to generate a receipt when Pay Later contribution is received
how to setup civicrm on windows 8
Any extension for customize the dashboard
How do you approach "things that you would use Drupal views for" in WordPress?
Progressive Web App (PWA) on Drupal?
Missing Log Tables Error
CiviVisualize example graphs and visuals are not showing up
Error type: Could not find a valid session key
How can we move customise civicrm from development mode to production?
Civi Postcode webform widget not updating
'Are you sure you want to leave this site' popup message issue on event and contribution forms
Temporary table keeps showing up and throwing MYISAM error and Missing Log Tables error
In CiviMember, can one set a rule where expired members, when renewing, are assigned probation status
Advanced search using and
Edit Message Template Permission
Paste from Text and Paste from Word in WYSIWYG Editor Throws Error
Drupal CiviCRM Menu not full length (shoreditch and otherwise)
After upgrade to 5.6 status still shows 5.4.0
Membership with recurring fee (monthly or yearly)
How to install a separated Civi database with Drupal 8?
Is CiviCRM SAML 2.0 compatible?
Edit 'Welcome Mr xyz' message on Contribution Form
CiviMail - CiviCRM (Drupal 7): Problem with attached documents
Unable to create InnoDB tables. MySQL InnoDB support is required for CiviCRM but is either not available or not enabled in this MySQL database server
Exporting spouses only exports one side of relationship
For civiEvents in a Drupal View, how to display only one of a repeating event?
How to add a custom extension on navigation?
CiviCase - remember user choices in search filters for activities
Installing Webform CiviCRM from an Installation Profile
What is the best way for an end user to get all the contact and activity data from the database?
Feature Request: Partial Event Registrations (like abandoned carts)
I would like a complete list of features via email please
Batch update cases - closing cases
How does civicrm handle automatically generated 'Unsubscribe' messages from google
Which local download version of CiviCRM is most like the Spark and what aspects of Spark can be customized?
Charity wordpress template that works with CiviCRM
Unable to View Household members on Contact Dashboard
Is there any paid extension or all are free?
Documentation and examples civicrm
Extended Reports Extension - reports do not appear
Error When Expanding Relationship Section on Advanced Search
Permissions: profile listings and forms
CiviCRM on multiple sites
Scheduled reminders on membership end date not sending
Cannot update Smart Groups after upgrade to 5.6.1
Price Set Total Amount not displaying and JS errors
how to add custom validation rules to civievent registration form
How can I add my extension API into civicrm API?
Contact Print Summary - can fields be added?
How can I increase the rate at which the 'fetch bounce' job works
On line donation Thank You
Is there a simple way to import recurring SEPA mandates that have been processed outside CiviCRM previously and should now be managed using CiviSEPA?
Best way to handle memberships involving multiple contacts?
Contribution page validation errors display and confirmation screen switch to default language instead of remaining in the current language
What's the best way to handle a matching donation?
Wrong time in Mailing Report
Track membership fee belated
Jquery not affecting custom fields of an activity
greater-than-or-equal-to value in search builder is not displaying
How to install civix and build an extension in drupal
CiviMobile: Can't log into CiviCRM using CiviMobile
What Drupal modules do I need in order to
Employee of an individual relationship
Multisite warning Undefined variable
Using CiviEvent Shopping Cart with Wordpress
Getting an error trying to add contacts to a group from an activity report.
NEWBIE - Move Data fields in input form
Mailchimp Integration pushing but not pulling
CiviMail Mailing Scheduled But Not Sent
Completely lost. Help!
Start/member since dates not being set since upgrade to 5.3.2
Can Wordpress handle multi-site CiviCRM the same way Drupal 7 with domain access does?
Can activity tags be included in activity reports or exports?
Check for Matching Contacts no longer gives an option to merge
Error on contribution details display, recently updated system
Receipt template formatting (still) broken?
What is the Membership type 'domain' in the api?
MySQL v8.0 released. Will CiviCRM work with it?
Activity Processor issue with Caldera Forms
Changes to Contributions that would break GiftMemberships Extension?
Blocking Double Click on Form Submit Button
CV Scheduled jobs not firing from cron
Contact Import Longitude missing in mapping
Different Contacts of same child Group in multisite
Looking for contacts that are Pending (status by email) E-news Opt-in
Does Contact Editor Extension work with Version 5.6.1?
Redirect to dashboard instead of redirect to add form
How to allow a user 'edit' on activities?
Donors who gave the same amount in X and Y year
Which template is used for receipts sent from admin entry and renewal of memberships?
Invalid document file format - error
membership source field not displaying in reports or exports sometimes
Ran direct SQL update to bulk update contact names, changes not appearing until editing and saving
Intermittent "Your browser session has expired and we are unable to complete your form submission" errors
How can I get Double Opt in to work when using a Profile for to create a user/contact
Error on Contribution Page with Google Simple Calendar Plugin
Log out after user creation, session key gone. D8.6.2 with CiviCRM 5.6.1
Set up Contribution page to only accept recurring contributions?
Error al introducir un contacto -- Entered a contact name incorrectly
CiviSEPA turns special characters of generated XML files into ASCII characters or question marks
How to add custom field using API?
What Drupal Theme would you recommend?
Is it possible to display Event Custom Data when openning a pertaining Webform?
Error when adding relationships to household
CiviMail error: "Sorry an error occurred and your information was not saved"
I am trying to insert custom tab into Activity tab but it is not working
recent CRON error on WP - after upgrade to 5.6.x
How do I replace the "From" address from my mailings?
VBO (views Bulk Operation) to send mails, mailings, ans SMSs?
Case Manager is not shown for closed cases
Development on a plugin - How to transfer values
"CiviCase: access all cases and activities" Issues
Search for Transaction ID of CiviEvent Sub-Contribution
Address fields disappearing on civi
Been searching high and low... best approach for dispaying member information in WordPress?
Drupal Rules - Condition "Civicrm Contact has email" appears to not be working
Primary address being set to the wrong address
Private Files Readable
Need to show profile on event for someone logged in
How to use Views to send a Mailing to a Selection of Recipients?
How do you stop names from doubling - Views
Is there an area in CiviCRM (or a way) for people involved in a case to communicate privately?
Searching for someone not in a relationship
Display a Block on a specific Civi contribution page using a url alias (How to)
Event receipts for paid events contains extraneous information
When to use CiviCampaign vs Financial Types/Accounts
Incorrect Month To Date in member dashboard
Multiple automatic discounts for memberships
Unable to schedule ANY reminders
Sign up with a different membership type overwrites existing membership
Contribution tokens for receipts
Geocoder extension appears to have removed State from Address
Case Types page 'blank'
Import Contacts from CSV
Report for number of events attended by each person
Customizing Menu Quirks
Cron not running
Activity - Send a Copy Email
custom fields not adding to Drupal views
Override CiviCRM settings
Development - Refresh of parent page
Registration forms not submitting - What Permissions needed
How to fix "TypeError: RenderUtil is undefined"
Is it planned to use SPIP as a basis CMS for CIVICRM?
Views Bulk Operation (VBO) : Config List does not display a Custom Field
Is it OK to switch to PHP 7.2 now that Drupal 7.6.1 supports it?
Civisualize: Creating Your Own Visualization concept question
Email of membership receipt needs specific custom tokens added - how to find them?
How do I stop Civicrm front end pages throwing a fatal error?
How can I change the user access permission (read write mode for different user) using drupal and civicrm?
How to make the callback URL from Mailchimp accessible from anonymous users in Wordpress?
Change or turn off the auto renew cancellation system email
Recurring contributions fail with PayPal Pro - "DPRP is disabled for this client"
Development - Custom Payment Gateway
Setting Up CiviEvent to Manage Two Side by Side Events with the Option of Registering for Both
Can I export custom data from a Contact, an Organization and an Activity in one export?
Error "CiviCRM must be installed via composer" in Drupal8
Directory Paths: Make them portable
Settings - Upload Directories
Anyone else having trouble with API Explorer v4
CiviReport crash
Create a new membership rather than renew an existing one
How will I maintain a hierarchical structure in civicrm?
Can you search for only manually added members of a smart group?
CIVI Crm Wordpress with Xampp crashes my SQL
Copying and pasting formatted text
How to restrict contacts that can be assigned to an activity?
Contact layout editor db update crash on upgrade to 1.2.1
Contribution Report Section Headers no longer list subtotal amounts
What is the purpose of Contact Link in the Caldera forms activity processor?
Civi event links - Event Info-> 404 error
CiviCRM-Entity Case - view block on a Drupal node
Regex broken in search builder
Display both regular and discounted fees in events page
Event members only for 3 days then open to the public
Is there an easy way to export data from Drupal 7 to wordpress, non critical data, loosing data is fine
Communication Styles
What is the recommended upgrade increments to CiviCRM 5.7 from CiviCRM 5.0?
Automatic Membership Status Jobs Fails on Cron Run
Installation issues - unmet dependencies
how to pass information from main Event registration form to Additional Participant registration form?
How to safely restart Scheduled reminders
How to quickly update a Smart Group?
How to Pay Later by Credit Card
Upgrading Custom Extension for PHP 7: How to I instantiate a mysqli data object
Broken Batch Validation
Caldera Forms (Wordpress) - Handling of Duplicate matching rules
How to show contribution items in CiviReports for Contribution Reports
Hook pre/post in pledge changed status
How to record a webform submission ID in a CiviCRM field?
Is there a direct way to clean the Civi Cache?
Filing activities on closed cases
How can I expose owners and managers in CiviVolunteer?
Joomla Cron not finding setting files
How can I produce a summary report for one or more projects in CiviVolunteer?
How do I run CiviCRM PHPUnit tests from within Netbeans?
Can we remove or hide the Volunteer subclass in CiviVolunteer?
Eway recurring - Any method to record invoice reference and description?
Auto add into user group
QuickSearch not working
Scheduled Job not executing with wp-cli under cron, but works manually
How to create a new contact type other than "Individual", "Household", or "Organization"?
How do I restore deleted contacts
Getting Apache 500 error when using CiviProxy
Correct method for API calls on contact summary page? (slow!)
How to attach a File to a Contact?
How can we pre-populate contacts into Caldera forms via query params
Civimail sparkpost extension stats / is my mail being delivered?
Is a Scheduled Reminder possible when something doesn't happen?
Upgraded php from 5.6.30 to 7.0.32, civicrm still gives PHP out of date error
How to display Individual Custom Fields in a Participants View
After upgrade to 5.0.1 - anonymous users can't see any events
CiviEvent events partitioned by domain in WordPress multisite
image directory path seems to be ignored in CiviMail editor
Configuring Inbound Email Config
CiviReport - Error when registering new Report
How to get current logged in contact id in civicrm?
Hosting Provider for CiviCRM
How can I alter DataTable defaults / attributes without overriding core files?
Zero dollar total from Drupal commerce (by using discount code) is not writing back to CiviCRM
Trying to add an event info page to WordPress page but there is no insert button
Email from case - subject line change to Case ID
Problem with process_mailing
How to Mark CiviCRM checkbox field not required programmatically?
Net amount not calculating for event registration
How do folks handle email preview text?
How to retrieve custom field image files?
GDPR Extension on CiviCRM-WordPress: acceptance checkbox not showing up on registration forms
No address marked as Primary
Transactional Mail Extension Problem
How to target a specific event type in a system workflow message
CiviCRM password length in Joomla
Alert Admins when changes are made?
Unintentional removed CiviCRM compnents in Joomla, Re-Installation fails
Blank page on mailings page, cron error and no debug info | Windows Server
CiviCRM profile search not working when integrated with Wordpress
CiviCRM view activities permissions
Where do I adjust the auto logout duration for administrators?
CiviMember payment- message template
Disable Debit Card Payment Method option
how to find .tpl file?
Wrong Relationship Type when adding Contacts to Organization
How do I get the Name and Address on the Invoice to show up in a Window Envelope?
What payment processors work with WordPress Caldera and CiviCRM, and which of those work with recurring
Extend templates through the hook file
CiviCRM - syntax error - memberships not being saved - random error
Migrating to WPEngine
Unable to load AngularJS pages, e.g., CiviVolunteer and CiviCRM status page
Access permission for Print Merge Documents
CiviEvent Confirmation Emails: Cutting off content
Adding new grouping to a report
Only default payment processor shows on forms
Accessing a user's search history
Are General Deduping rules working?
Set memberships with no end date?
Event contribution summarized by price set
Allow Website URL field without "http://" string
CiviEvent: how to collect different custom data for different event participant roles?
How can I send an event-specific PDF certificate to participants via email?
Error trying to change language
Pulling info from Facebook into Civi
Can multiple mailings have deduplicated email addresses, so each address will not receive multiple emails?
Can custom Tokens for pledges be created?
Unable to make backend contributions with non-default payment processor (sometimes) "no class provided" error
How do you give in honor/memory of someone but acknowledge someone else?
Error when adding a contribution:
Pass parameter in URL to select Other field on contribution page
View records by date added - not activity date/date received
Cannot see installed extension
Search builder does not display date picker for contacts
Display a form in a widget (footer, sidebar)?
Why won't CRM.loadForm render url containing civicrm/a/#?
Can you use multiple payment processor on one form
Any issues in WordPress 5?
Items not showing up on activity log
changed the domain in Joomla
What is formal title used for?
How do I trigger a price calculation update on the event registration page?
How do I find the web root in civicrm.settings.php?
location of civicrm.css on Joomla
Is something wrong with the Schedule Reminder auto renewals for membership? I cannot find "Membership End Date" in list.
Implementing tokens and tokenValues hooks for Event custom field
For some reason, cron doesn't work. On CMS joomla
How to manually trigger update hook for an extension?
Contribution Confirmation page back button redirects forward instead
PHP Missing Extension "mcrypt" in Joomla
Is Civi compatible with Wordpress5.0? *SOLVED*
Drush sql-sync and civicrm issue
Is it okay to use both Absolute Date and Repeats in Scheduled Reminders
creating a custom group and and field using extension
Proper work with incoming mail
Wordpress - Membership: Sorry, due to an error, we are unable to fulfill your request at the moment
Wordpress: MyISAM Database Engine Error after update
Webform-CiviCRM recurring contributions Error?
Countries of US addresses showing up as Foreign in some names
Is is possible to restrict visibility of custom data sets?
Report with Payment Processor
How to add a values (html select) to custom field?
CiviMail draft takes a really long time to save
Should I use Civi::settings()->get and set or
no menu error 500 after upgrade to 5.8.x
Wordpress Civicrm tab won't open
Having Trouble With Paths
Upgrading a server that's hosting CiviCRM to get to PHP 7
How do i delete country from my mailing label format
Styling Contribution pages with buttons
Can't use function return value in write context in ... civicrm.php on line 342 (5.8.1, WordPress)
Quicksearch "name/email not found. Did you mean to search by name/email instead ?"
100s of duplicate contacts created of current user when using CiviCRM
Disable Automatic Receipts on Existing Recurring Donations
Change 'Used for' contact type of custom fields
How to change the encoding in pdf documents?
Wrong Group counter showing on Contact tab
CiviCRM Crowd Funding Extension
Sport organisation using CiviCRM
Profile Picture on CIvicrm Form
How to expose employer on individual dashboard without view/edit permissions?
It says 5.7 is a security release - should I upgrade?
Minimum Membership fee is ignored during renewal in Backoffice
Missing CKEditor & config button
Label Format does not fit in database - PHP 7.1 json_encode() and serialize_precision
Cannot Export a Report to a CSV file
Upgrading WP to 5.0.1 deletes civicrm uploads folder
When editing recurring contributions or changing payment details donor see "Network Error - Unable To Reach The Server"
Somehow our summary fields got a old version of sumfields.php. What's the best way to get the current versions?
CMS Database Integration
CiviCRM Views Showing Wrong Custom Data
How to get CiviCRM Views to work in Drupal 8 with separate CiviCRM database
CiviCRM access for Wordpress custom group users
How can I keep track of a "role" in an organisation (eg. secretary) over time (1980-1995)
Warning after installation: Invalid argument supplied for foreach() in CRM_Utils_Check_Component_Env
Why do click and open reports show times in UTC rather than the site's timezone?
Shoreditch theme is not working when resource URL is "localhost"
Pay later payment method does not get overwritten when payment is made
CiviCRM + Webform + Paid Events - no price displayed in table
Retrieve Drupal user id from CiviCRM Contact id
What is the public flag for on custom Field sets?
Syntax error on install
How do I run PHP Unit test on civicrm-buildkit-vagrant from within PHPStorm?
CiviMail *only some* Tracked Click Throughs not Redirecting properly
Change Payment Method without creating additional transactions
Foreign key violation on creating new Financial Type
Contact Logging Problem
Picture selection for CiviEvent name badge - KCFinder not useable
CiviPledge extension enabled but can't access
Ho do I add video to mosaic template mailing?
Implementing Duplicate Membership With Different Membership Form Information
Create report of group count
Bootstrap for Native Civicrm Mobile Use
Errors on install WP 5.02 (fresh install) , Civicrm 5.82, PHP 7.2.13 (xampp)
How to Set Up a Particularly Wonky Membership Type?
Activity report showing activities twice
Webform civicrm Conditionals not working
Contact membership ID based on a pattern
Navigation & Extension issues Civi5.8.2 & Drupal8
Search primary details only, turned off - duplicate/additional case export lines
List members of organisation belonging to sub-types
Request login on edit mode profile form
Civibooking WordPress admins seeing different resources
How do I setup an online contribution page linked to Mogiv?
CiviCRM Stripe PCI Compliance
How do I send automatic Thank You emails for different donation amounts and donation types?
Does CiviCRM Spark come with a Drupal or Joomla website?
What is the difference between civicrm-drupal/tree/8.x-master and civicrm-drupal-8?
Import Contact Issue
$formValues field names
CiviCRM expert in India
Where does Mosaico store my templates?
Civicrm Unrecognized option in recordGeneratedLetters
Sync between different Civicrm dbs
Adding {contribution.campaign} to the invoice template
Data Importation Issue
What is the most reliable method for merging records with memberships?
Network Error Related to CiviCase After Recent Upgrade to 5.8.2
Online Membership receipt doesn't show address fields from Profiles
Issues with cron job - Wordpress
how to show all groups in user dashboard?
How do you restore contacts that have a deleted custom contact type?
How to limit access to manage/create contacts by type via user roles?
Cant log in with CiviMobile on 5.8.2 with Drupal 8
CiviDiscount compatibility with CiviCRM 5.9
Older dates for CiviEvent
Contacts -> New Email give Unknown Error in Smarty when Allow Mail to be sent from logged in contact's email address disabled
What's happened to contact images in 5.8.2?
A bit of automation?
Confirmation receipt sent from strange sender address
Error after installing Civi Entity module
Contact ID Token for Sort Name
How to Parameterize Backup & Migrate to have both DBs saved?
Advanced Search Using Custom Profile as Display View that Includes Groups Not Working after Upgrading to 5.9.0
Problems with Smart Group Updating
Is it possible to set up a scheduled reminder with a repetition that doesn't cause a fatal error?
Membership sign up issue on iPhone X
Issue importing multiple contributions for same contact
Fatal Error when accessing Civi in WP Install
CiviVolunteer: need link for Joomla
Test Payments showing Incomplete Transaction (CiviCRM 5.8.2)
Contribution form with both Stripe and Paypal
CiviVolunteer - Where to put translations file on WordPress
CiviVolunteer:running on Joomla screen blank, only see header "CiviVolunteer"
CiviContribute - convert amounts into words
Fill option in contact import is not filling
Multilingual and multidomain: "unknown column" DB error. How to set preferred language for child domains?
Mass upload of file to records
Event Registration - Conditional fields
Thank you page not displaying
Duplicates being created by Webform Submissions
Getting problem while getting group id of current logged in user
How to Implement Funds that Different Grants Belong to?
Assign a group from logged in user contact group to new individual
Extracting a report/pulling a search result to CSV but setting an exported flag to indicate this
Custom profile only displaying one result in search
Drupal login destination is ignored when members log in
Some reports not showing in dashboard
Cannot access Civi dashboard
“CiviCRM Upcoming” block displaying old events
Civievent Template
How to identify if the event is a repeat event?
How can I skip display of repeat events on the manage events page?
Postcode limitations
SMTP Verification failed
Error with site JS for Civicrm 5.8.0
Tokens not evaluated in Activities
Is it possible to return to the same contact summary page (ajax) once we have edited a contribution?
Searching by check number after upgrading to 5.5.0
How do I set the display size for custom fields?
How do I run a report for an event
How to create a seach view that displays selected columns
How to respond to an email, quoting the reply
DB Error: constraint violation on anonymous user event registration after 5.8.2 -> 5.9.0 update
How can I see the quota (number of participants which can still register) under the manage events section?
How to add additional action buttons in a civicrm Add Event form?
Deleting Contributions
Webform to start or cancel a relationship
2 domain to the same site
Is there a fix for more summary fields related contributions not populating on the related page if the related has no contributions
Civi 5.9 - DB Error: no such table / cannot disable logging
CiviCRM Recommended Application Architecture
Payment Processor. MD5 Hash Removal/Disablement from Authorize.Net
Missing column headers on a custom search
Stripe - Billing section not displaying for events
API 'match' => "external_identifier"
Invoices option
when upgrading should i delete all files AND all folders in templates_c directory?
civicrm dashboard menu does not work in Joomla
CiviCRM OG Sync on Drupal
Mass cancelation of memberships
Ignoring a hidden field on event registration form
how to get list of all buttons in civicrm hook_buildform?
Is there a problem with the REST interface on CiviCRM API?
Permission errors on Cividesk Sparkpost extension
CiviCRM 5.9 upgrade
Home Email Quick Edit not working - Version 5.9.0 wordpress 5.0.3
Price sets not showing up
Can't install Shoreditch
Upgrade to 5.9.0 - 'From' address for e-mail confirmations has changed
Unsupervised reserved rule for individuals not working
What does undefined extension class 'Smarty_Internal_Method_Assign_By_Ref' Mean?
How to hide civiCRM event sections like event attachment, event committee, Event Contact, Event Filter Informations when they don't have data
Exclusive Relationship to organisation
PayPal PSD2 - new European Union directive from 14th September 2019
Portable Directory Path Variables Real-time List
URL Variables with/w/o slashes Upload Directories vs Resource URLs
Adding CSS to extra tpl file
Sort report by event role and/or status
Access denied for specific role
Have any scripts been developed for migrating GiftWorks to CiviCRM
I am adding crmButton in the template for EventInfo.tpl , how can I add drupal callback function and makesure it does not breaks as is the case here?
Not inserting a ACL Role using ACL Role API
Soft contributions in user dashboard
Can I status override an auto renewing membership?
DB Error: constraint violation on anonymous user contribution/membership registration after 5.8.2 -> 5.9.0 update
Effects of hidden groups and multisite mailing
All the Bower component icons not displaying
Multi-records Custom Field
What is 'object_table' and 'object_id' in Acl API?
Unsupervised De-Dupe Rule failing in 5.9.0
"Contribution Detail Report" issues in CiviCRM 5.8.1
Database Error - unsure what the issue is
Custom Tokens TOKEN_REGISTER not getting invoked
Adding repeating event registration shortcode in wordpress
Webform design and component alignment
Edit Component on webform
Can't create new events from template after upgrade to 5.9
Fetch membership type along with the contact details with civicrm_api
Scheduled job execution time is creeping
Manual Event Registration problems
Installer not showing up
Event registration confirmation page print doesn't work
CiviCRM 5.9.1 Cannot Read Database Information
Create buttons on action from ResultTasks
On CiviContribute forms within WP, the behavior of predefined amounts and an "Other Amount" input box is broken
How do I move registration to another event
Event Confirmation email not being sent
How to access the crm files
Offline Contribution receipts does not contain custom fields information
CiviVolunteer: Find Volunteer Opportunities
Event Template Start Date
Is there a way to hide certain transactions from general viewing?
How to add new membership if renewed after old membership expired (native CiviCRM / Drupal)
How to fetch perticular column data of table?
Webform submission redirect to view it come from
"Contact Show fields" does not show the street address in autocomplete (civicrm_webform)
Uninstall mosaico
What are the security considerations before allowing access AJAX API to anonymous users?
Merging Contacts Records fails
Is moving Civi easier than the docs say?
Price Set: Update quantity based on selection?
Where is the Update billing url?
Admin-generated receipts show server name in email 'from' field
If a contact is in Trash (because they were merged) but the person with matching details fills in Membership what is a good outcome
Why can I no longer Merge Contact records in 5.7.3?
Waitlist feature and price set issue
CiviEvents Confirmation email not being sent
wordpress/civicrm mobile optimi2ed themes
What is a line item? And what is a financial item and how are those two linked together?
How to set a id attribute to button?
Custom Data ACLs
I get a WSOD when I use the search function on CiviCRM
{$contribution_aggregate} not outputting in message template
Unable to update participants using civicrm api?
Mass SMS issue, singular works
Mailchimp/Civicrm synchronization
Does Authorize.net's MD5 Hash End-of-Life affect CiviCRM?
Can't get Cron to run on WordPress CiviCRM via Dreamhost - am I doing it right?
Custom Fields Table
getting this error: PDOException: SQLSTATE[23000]
Upgrading a Joint Membership to Joint Life on renewal leaves the subsidiary Joint Member with the old end date
DB Error: no such field after attempt to upgrade from 4.7.14 to 4.7.19
CiviCRM Email seems not to use Outbound Email settings
Post upgrade to 5.8, Javascripts running in Drupal are failing with CRM is not defined
CiviEvent: prevent registered users from changing their data
Why does VAT keep being added when editing payments
Events Not Searchable in Register Participant Form
How to create a custom filter in CiviCRM manage event page?
Smart Group dropping search criteria on save
DB Error on contribution form unless signed in
How to alter a query in hook_civicrm_pageRun based on a custom filter provided?
KC Finder - Uploading/browsing the images not working in CiviCRM 5.9.1
Drupal webform billing fails: State/Province field is required
Custom report: how can I add a filter for a dbAlias field?
Not adding longitude or latitude
Webform CiviCRM : Do recurring contributions now get allocated to the right event registration
WordPress installation with MySql connection problem
Can't access custom fields used in event registration
Sendmail errors from scheduled jobs
Can't update smart group counts
Unable to delete contacts permanently
Memberships in multiple currencies?
Civi 5.9 not serving extension javascript in WP 5
images in emails not displayed in Gmail clients (browser or mobile)
Help adding an Action in CiviRules
Webform Event Registration Match Contact
Problem with FormProcessor extension
Error You do not have sufficient permission to transfer/cancel this participant
VBO (Views Bulk Operations) - Bulk Operations field not showing in field list
Configuration Checklist does not stay green
Add Email Follow Up to Meeting Completion
Error adding new new contact: getaddr info?
SMTP errors with "Thank You Letters - print or email" -- does this use CiviMail settings?
Event Registration as Organization
How to alter Event Dropdown values from Register Participant or New Event Registration Page?
How to add a radio button with the help of buildQuickForm()
What's the correct webhook for Stripe 5.2 extension?
Finding ongoing Recurring Contributions
How do I use CiviHR to manage leave in hours?
Why is "Billing" location type marked "reserved"?
civiMail doesn't work
GDPR and Comunication Preferences
Joomla move to another server/test env
Problems with Volunteer registration
CiviEvent: Could not find valid value for id (Drupal 7.6.1)
What are the minimum permissions for Cron User?
I see "Contribution Amounts" in my invoice and Contribution Reports
Mosaico email template extension or Mailchimp email integration?
Invalid Entity Filter in CiviGrant
Bug in Drupal Profile for CiviCRM
CiviCRM References
Change email address
Cannot Tags and Groups fields in Webform CiviCRM Integration - Drupal 8
CiviCRM 5.9.1 on Joomla 3.9.2 Problems with the language
How to sort in descending order the results of CiviCRM API
DB Error: No such table - custom fields
Why does API get participants return all custom fields together with the specified return field?
Uninstall link on extension page not working after upgrading from civicrm 4.7 to 5.9
How to handle deadnames?
Why am I receiving "This page isn't working HTTP ERROR 500" after installing CiviRules?
Batch Data Entry payment_instrument is now required?
Inconsistencies in the Contribution Detail report
Using Webform CiviCRM for a contribution form and allow "on behalf of an organization"?
System Status: Error after upgrade to 5.10.0
How to custom a predefined template file?
Can you create a dedupe rule to include individual and organisation details
CiviMember price sets are depending on CiviContribute?
After update, emails have to be written out in full html!
Payment Processors - re-arrange in rows
Event doesn't display location on info page
Wordpress quick contact search render glitch
CiviEvent Widget: Event Title Not Showing on Event Info Page
Implement CiviCrm SAML with Google Suite as IDP provider
How can I alter next value of membership id (which would be auto incremented)?
After creating a mailing using Mosaico, can one save that as a new Mosaico template?
Error on Event Registration Page
How to set super-user privileges in CiviCRM for MySQL? CiviCRM requesting for multilanguage support
Why when upgrading civi via drush I always get You are already upgraded to CiviCRM version-I'm-upgrading-from?
Member Listserv Sync with CiviCRM
QR Code for Event Participant
When making an in memory of donation -> why does the deceased contact not get marked deceased?
I want to show holidays in fullcalendar Civicrm Event?
I have installed eventcalendar extension in civicrm
DB Error: unknown error when accessing any report menu after upgrade to 5.10.0
Transaction Date in Extended Report
Can't change individual nickname via profile
Unable to take Credit Card payment via PayPal after civi update
Manage Events fatal error after upgrading from 5.4 to 5.10
Reports show 4 warnings after upgrading from 5.4 to 5.10
Main menu disappears after updating Summary Fields extension under wordpress
Unable to upload or view files through the CKEditor
What is the best way to raise awareness of a extension upgrade that breaks core fuctionality, e.g. all the menus went away?
CKEditor / wysiwyg for public profile
Is it possible to install CiviCase without all the sample data?
Add Questions to Event Registration
Data Security and Location
Navigation Menu Lost
How can I add Option Group for custom data field in CiviCRM
Cron through cli.php
CiviCRM appears to block edit of WordPress site
Is A/B testing possible using Mosaico?
How do I use the CiviCRM "spinner" in an extension?
CiviDiscount for Initial "New" Member
Find Respondents To Reserve - Groups
After Upgrade to 5.10 unable to close Case
Why can users no longer update their own billing/credit card details in CiviCRM? Using iATS Payments
CRM_Core_Exception: No domain in DB in CRM_Core_BAO_Domain::getDomain() (line 77 of \all\modules\civicrm\CRM\Core\BAO\Domain.php)
Activity list is not showing in contacts after upgrade to latest civicrm 5.9.1
Multiple record "Copy" doesn't work for a subtype
Custom field for grants- type is contact reference, not working in profile when batch updating
Event Registration Confirmation Email missing Custom Location Type Field Data
Mass update / import bulk email preferences?
Summary Fields - Cannot recreate sum fields after upgrading from 4.01.0 to 4.0.2
"New Mailing" doesn't take me to Mosaico
How do relationships become disabled?
Mosaico 1.1 - "Unexpected error talking to server" when saving template
Extension settings lost on upgrade - known issue?
"Could not find a valid session key." when making a contribution
Is there a way to disable a contact?
Smarty and Mosaico - compatibility?
Searching for users by Total Contributions (CiviContribute, Drupal7)
Unable to submit Mosaico mailings
Case Dashboard- Cases with upcoming activities and Cases with recently performed activities lists show empty
Best way to cleanup CiviMail database tables?
How to send confirmation when importing contributions
Adding a Privacy Option
Fatal Civi Error: "Invalid cache key: Not a string" error in Wordpress
Mosaico 2.0, Drupal 7.64 - "Sorry an error occurred and your information was not saved"
is it possible to merge duplicate event locations?
How to create a Civirule?
How to force a field to be mandatory?
Personalize workflow message "Contributions - Receipt (on-line)"
Allow only existing CiviCRM contacts to create own Drupal account
How to generate thumbnails of PDFs for files uploaded to civicrm file fields
Smarty does not display database fields
Is it possible to set a Membership Status Override for a Membership Type?
HTML_QuickForm::validate() Error
CiviCRM report for Case activities listing Case data
CiviCRM and WordPress on different hosts?
Transaction integrity error during contact import
How to increase the number of participants registered in single transaction
Upgraded to PHP 7.2; no errors but Sparkpost doesn't receive and send CiviMail
CiviEvent Scheduled Reminders and manual recipients
Why does Stripe 5.2 extension hang on payment?
Assigning case role to contact in webform- not updating as expected
Define CIVICRM_LOGGING_DSN in PHP?
Reset Personal Campaign Amounts for Individual PCP
Adding Sub-Options of Custom Data
Remove Unnecessary Fields from Contact and from Activities
City / Town Selection Problem
In Civicase - reports ignore 'Order' on 'Status' and use status id instead?
Validation radio custom fields on civicrm_validateForm hook does not work
Include dates in a membership sign up form
Contribution form
Can you restrict Shoreditch from injecting CSS on Public pages with CiviCRM content?
multiple price sets?
Need help with CiviRules Custom Action
Assigning a php associative array to JS?
How can I have a view only custom field of type "Link" be clickable in a profile?
CKEditor can only edit user driven message templates
Webform results table not displaying
Participant Import: Mandatory key(s) missing from params array: line_total
How do you change default rows per page?
Error printing event badges after sorting by participant name
Can you change multiple price set selections at one time?
How can I install/manage CiviCRM patches on Drupal 8 (using Composer)?
Webform emails direct
CiviVolunteer Permissions vs CiviCore Permissions
How to use symfony and doctrine 2 framework for building an extension?
Display the payment vehicle (cash, check,...) of a contribution in a receipt
Hook for contact view
View mailing in browser- access denied
Resend a mailing to recipients who did not open
Relationship -- change list's columns
front end editing obstructed
Can't get a list of people whose birthday in current month
Civix not working Joomla! 3.9.3
Mailing Bounces 100% with "authentication failure" or "failed to set sender"
How to overwrite template file using php?
CiviMobile not connecting in Joomla
How do I add the With Contact information to the email that gets sent to activity assignees?
How do I use webcron for Job.Execute?
(How) can I add a footer fixed to the page of a message template for printing a pdf?
ETA on Support for MySQL 8?
Custom field default values at database level, not form level?
Expected one ParticipantPayment but found 0
Detail instructions on manually updating message templates (5.9.0 to 5.10.4)
How to install CiviCRM patch (5.7.2 to 5.7.5) on Drupal 7.64 - is my file directory writeable?
Copied site to different domain - modules not recognized - resolved
How can I safely revert to earlier version of CiviCRM without reverting the database?
How can I transfer ACL settings?
Relationships and Dashboard are broken with https
Can't see events
How do you separate wordpress and civicrm tables?
CiviCRM permissions get wiped out after each upgrade (except for Public and Super Admin user groups)
CKeditor extrange behavior: UI settings are only saved partially, and defaults load every time
Upgrade 5.2.2 to 5.10.4 fails with UPDATE civicrm_msg_template error
Can I upgrade a drupal 7 + civi site to drupal 8?
Help needed: Need to run reports to find information on number of members during a specific year
How to identify case activities in find activities or advanced search
Mosaico: Where can I find the source code of my mailing?
sql username and password
civix civicrm:ping error [Exception] Failed to locate civicrm.settings.php
Bug with WordPress CiviCRM 5.10.3 Remote Profiles HTML Form Snippet Form Action URL
Adding NMI gateway with omnipay
How to use Laravel framework for building CiviCRM extension?
Add confirmation notification after submit in civicrm form in Wordpress
Webform CiviCRM Case Tokens
Click to go to contact record from report
New > Individual Mandatory Phone
"This site can't be reached" error message when trying to
Where did the standard HTML window go on mailings with mosiaco installed?
How to change the date format for the receipt date in a template
Email greeting settings for contacts without names
multiple bulk email update 5.10.3
Create Case using API via REST - no "Open Case" activity created
Errror when selecting an action from Find Participants
Error on updating contact after upgrade to CiviCRM 5.10.3
Can you use contribution fields on event registrations?
How to troubleshoot "Expected one CustomField but found 0" error?
Membership Fixed period, early bird before membership year start
How to delete a membership report
Could not establish connection
Calculate Contact age in a Drupal view
Can't change payment method in CiviProfile
Membership Fixed period, wrong start date
Need to replace Membership id value with value present in External Identifier
CiviCRM Email seems not working
On update of civicrm_membership table, which are other tables which are affected?
How to obtain user input from an API call
Managing collection tins and buckets
launch custom profile from Edit button?
CiviCRM - Installing on Wordpress Hosted in AWS DB Error
Updating a Case Activity using API
Credit Card Icons Missing after Upgrade
Membership Renewal from CiviCRM user dashboard error
CiviCRM Security Patch Needed warning still exists from older Civicrm Version?
Get URL of custom image field
Issue with Making mailing labels with CiviCRM and Wordpress
Can't print participant's image in name badge
Trying to create a custom field that works similar to "Contact is Deceased" function
API problem regarding to Word Replacement
Use profile on CiviEvent
hash_equals(): Expected user_string to be a string, null given in Contact/BAO/Contact/Utils.php on line 232
Map not appearing on events info pages
WkhtmlPDF issues with the path in CiviCRM
Session key error after updating from 5.8 to 5.10
CiviEvent PHP error after upgrade from 5.8 to .10.4
"Post Code Suffix" in Reports is the same as "Postal Code"
Adding Image using javascript
Receiving Lots of Spam
Upgrading Mosaico without losing templates
Why is my Contribution Detail Report (native CiviCRM Core report) not accurate?
Bug in submit credit card event form when processor returns error
Email segmentation with thousands of groups
How to configure the MIGS Omnipay gateway?
What's the problem with API V4 update to 4.3?
Details des imports contact evenement et activité
Activity Separation field- set an option as default
Broken SMTP after switching to PHP 7.2
Search Builder Smart Group with Latitude, Street Address criteria 1292 Truncated DB Error
Getting problem while installing of my extension
Monthly payments not updating for monthly direct debit
How to fix it? By pressing "Print Summary", there are extra 2 blank pages printed
How to create a non report based dashlet
summary shows only new memberships
Event fees not showing correctly
How do I center images or align text via CKEditor? Can I add more functionality?
Your Organization Profile for CiviCRM - Survey - To help us make an educated decision
Sync WordPress users to Organizations instead of Individuals?
SMTP Problem - CiviCRM and Drupal
Profile error on existing Contribution Page
Free option on a paid event
How to customize description in the event autocomplete in Register New Participant Page dynamically?
Case Details Report- Active Case Role filter
Failed loading "ioncube_loader_lin_7.2.so" Cron Error after CiviCRM & WordPress Upgrades
Address Settings missing
Import Contacts with Email field issue
File attachment lost during merging of records
When using search builder to find contacts that are in multiple specific groups (AND, not OR), 0 results returned
Change Member Listing Layout in Worpress
Making "My billing address is same as above" checkbox work on webforms
Multiple form submits on contribution pages
re: events and printed "tickets"
CiviMail Sent/Scheduled Mailings does not list mailings for some users
cv fails to locate civicrm.settings.php
Beyond provide a profile of an instance's stack, what is the purpose of Connections?
CiviMail - Syntax error, 40% emails bounced
Can't access member sync page
composer package - CiviCRM + WordPress Blueprint
Can form submissions dedupe and "fill" instead of "override"?
Is it possible to limit membership renewals to next membership term?
How to create a custom dashlets?
Recurring Payment Profile IPNs not Updating CiviCRM with new Transactions
ContactLayout extension not working with civicrm 5.10
Test drive keeps asking to select membership option
Your database settings don't appear to be correct. All green, but still error!
How to change or transfer mailing list groups properly?
Gradebook Grades acting weird
What is the grey box on selecting Webform Payment Processor?
How to fix it? By pressing “Print Summary”, there are 2 extra blank pages printed
deleting groups
Error when merging accounts
No anonymous user role in CiviCRM » Administer CiviCRM » Access Control WordPress Access Control
Staff restricted by ACLs cannot use/see any other groups
What does the option "Always post to Accounts Receivable" in CiviContribute do?
Adding an individual to repeating events
Extension install failed, now cant get the functions to work or reinstall successfully. How to fix please?
Stripe and Webform?
Event with multiple days - multiple choices
Gmail sync with civicrm
Is there a process to tidy the tables created by logging?
Double opt-in mailing list signup with Caldera Forms CiviCRM
BAD_INPUT_ERROR using paypal express with webform but contribution page works
How to set up Accruals Accounting/Deferred Revenue?
Webform creates duplicate linked contacts when using autocomplete
Is it better to install civi (Wordpress) on a dev server first then migrate to production or is the reverse better?
how do I make a contribution Anonymous
Recurring Donations
Locations dissappearing from events
Is there a simple cron command that I can enter on cPanel to trigger scheduled jobs?
Some users get a lifetime membership message when they try to renew
Administrator role not recognized if user logs in from another language
On Language change civicrm api for participant status change does not work as expected
Street number doesn't change in CiviCRM after filling out Drupal Form
Malformed response error (and solution)
CKEditor not visible
Roles for specific event registration
mailchimp extension error, php 7.1, civi 5.10.4, drupal 7.x
When running cli.php it hangs and never completes
Why don't Organisations have Contacts?
Weighting Prospects
Issue updating multiple contributions
The versafix-1 template on the mosaico site has editing options I don't see in civi. Any chance of getting them?
What might cause contribution amounts to multiply by 100 instead of recording values with a decimal place
Deadlock when executing job to clear group cache
civi case API unable to create case
Report on Memorial gifts made in memory of a person
Is there a 'Token' for adding a date to a message template?
CiviCRM CK editor trying to access Skins.js, and CSS resources from the Drupal 8 core assets instead of the Civi directories
How to approach fuzzy dates (e.g. contact deceased in month/year)?
CiviMail/KCFinder becoming nearly unusable
is it possible civicrm templates_c files to be stored under the server /tmp folder?
Checksum profile links not opening on mobile
Invoice Monetary Format
Is there a method in ACL of allowing anonymous access to some events and not others?
CiviPledge custom styling
how can I embed a civicontribute page in wordpress with gutenberg?
Error: "Could not find valid value for id" when registering - but only when registering from countries which are far away
CiviRules - to trigger a Mosaico templated email (with CiviMosaico extension)?
Importing Justgiving Data into civi
Contribution - Wrong VAT amount showing
method for versioning configuration of civicrm?
sorting states in state/province dropdown
Civicrm stuck when renewing membership
create civi case using standalone script
Stripe "No such token: Stripe Token"
Add new contact (other than logged in user) using Caldera Forms linked to CiviCRM under Wordpress
Civicrm with Nginx and Joomla - resource URLs and configuration file
How to search for individuals with duplicate partners
How to transfer an event participation from one contact to another in the back end?
How to check participants in at events?
Is there a way to limit the child groups displayed on an opt out message?
way to test stripe recurring failed payment
Trouble with Civicron.php
CiviEvent link Parents with Child participants during registration
Support technique pour CiviCRM
Warning: htmlspecialchars() expects parameter 1 to be string, array given in .../civicrm/packages/HTML/Common.php on line 144
Adding columns to Accounting batch (iif & csv)
Webform-Civicrm issue on iPhone and Safari Browser
How can I add soft credits to a Recurring Contribution Series
Querying participant custom fields in CRM/Event/Form/Participant.tpl
How to send email report FROM other than default email address?
Problem with the ical feed of the calendar
How do I export contact data records?
Dedupe contact subtype field?
How do I force CiviMail to process all mail as an email activity?
Unwanted user registrations in WordPress
What does the membership automatic renewal interface look like?
Special Characters Become Question Marks "?" in PDF Printing
On behalf of one of our customers: is there a publishing company out there that uses CivICRM?
Searches generate error 'CiviCRM_API3_Exception: "Constructor failed"'
Where does "Added By" value come from?
Edit Links in public directory
Can I add a space for people to write notes: like dietary needs and or comments?
Management of Tags not possible
Accessing membership information in webform
Why is the billing name missing from the contributions email receipt?
HTTP 500 error trying to import contacts
Prettify CiviCRM pages
Change MailStore from Gmail to Outlook on cloud
How can I create a copy of my CiviCRM site?
How to fix Undefined index notice in contribution_date_relative?
How to use "CiviCRM Contact Reference" WP Caldera Forms?
New Member Form, how to change default setting of Record Contributions
CiviCase Attachment
Network error: Unable to reach the server WordPress/CiviCRM
Programmatically Re-Use CiviMail Emails
Civimail gives a blank page
CIVICRM Create API for event participate
Inline editing of website field deletes it
Error: more than 'max_user_connections' active connections
How do you input Virgin Money Giving Donations into CiviCRM?
Recurring Contributions consistently stuck in Pending Status
Outbound Domain Enforcement extension error
Importing contact from excel file
View of CiviCRM Events containing CiviCRM Contact Data
SOLVED! error on composer require civicrm-core
CiviCRM upgrade can't find core module in Drupal
Contribution tokens
How can I create a new type of block in Mosaico?
Set CiviCRM profile standard field as hidden and autofill it with a string in Wordpress
TWILIO CiviCRM SMS Conversations wordpress webhook
Deprecated function in CiviEvent error logging (Drupal 7)
cms.root Setting
City shows 'contact.city' on Summary
(Solved) Undefined function in webform_civicrm
passing POST payload in Content Body
Membership Renewal Reminder Issue
Change Reply-To for System Workflow Messages?
Reserved de-dupe rules
Weird issue when upgrading to 5.12 - errors re deleting a payment processor type
CiviRules email says it's been delivered, but it hasn't delivered / says it's from "Unknown Sender"
How to test (recurring) SEPA payments
Profiles in iframe
How to set a permission using drupal ACL?
Optimal setup / config for Direct Debit with Civicrm v5.10 and above for memberships?
Billing address in CiviContribution Page
By mistake manually entered a recurring donation under the wrong account
(SOLVED) String impossible to translate Civicontribute
CiviVolunteer will not install or uninstall
blank emails from cron after upgrade Wordpress
Any reason why an organisation should NOT register for an event?
React with CiviCRM APIs
CiviCRM 5.12.0 breaks Drupal 8 registration
Membership renewal forms - am I handling this correctly?
CKEditor in Civicrm - Is it possible to have a custom css file?
How to modify System workflow message with a modern look Header?
CiviMail doesn't save when using Checksum event links
Unable to cancel a PayPal_Standard recurring transaction
Manage Case ─ display activities in chronological order
facilitators viewing registration responses
POST format for a chained create
What is the purpose of the active / disabled buttons for campaigns?
Alerting admins when certain fields are changed via profile & checksum?
How to fix a bug in Event Registration: Data Does not change in checkout after using go back button?
Dedupe using postcode match - DB error - Array
Outlook Extension / Filing previously sent emails into CiviCRM
How to generate a report on VAT collected (HST in my case)
PayPal Pro Button not working - returns to blank event form
CiviEvent: Public link for events of a specific type
When a Case is set to Closed we would like all un-Completed Activities on the Case to have their Status changed (eg to Cancelled
(Solved) CiviEvent mandatory key missing error
Is it possible to find out who installed an extension update?
How to create tokens for custom fields (participant, individual, organisation)
Is there a report to export the transfers from CiviCRM to my bank account?
CiviDiscount: How do I disable the automatic member discount for additional participants?
CKEditor does not display when editing event
Conditions in profile and membership
How can I refresh a custom data tab in the contact summary?
URL Query String - Phone Number
Unable to access volunteer functionality
Cron job has started producing output
Tap and go payments
How to patch / add a plugin to Joomla CiviCRM?
Network Error on Contact Search Results page change
CiviCRM 5.12.0 - Case API returning an Analyzer object containing XML and JSON. Only want JSON
API v3 get multiple results for one field
How to setup CiviCRM to proper send authenticated (DKIM) emails?
sparkpost email config
How do I removed accordions in the advanced search
How Do I Get a CiviCRM Report to be an attachment in a schedule job to email to a colleague?
Pending (incomplete transaction)
How to remove Admin Menu Bar being Displayed on front-end Event Info Page (CiviCRM 5.12.0)?
Civicrm_financial_trxn missing trxn_id
Multiple memberships Webform and Paypal
Upgrade from 5.10 to 5.12 contact images no longer appearing
WordPress CiviCRM Map Contacts
Find contacts on CiviCRM
How can I include Employer in display name?
Where can I see previous Make It Happen campaigns?
PayPal Multiple IPN Setup in Civicrm
Authorize, let's encrypt issue?
Is there a best practice or recipe for migrating a two database CiviCRM installation into one database?
Override automatic geocoding for events
Why is date_created field is ignored for Contact creation via API?
Mosaico extension uses
Is there an update to AuthorizeNet.php with SHA-512 to replace MD5 check?
How to get a data for a perticular logged in user ( through API)?
Get civiMail report by API
"System Status: Error" I updated to CiviCRM 5.12.0 hosted on WordPress internally on a QNAP TS-251+ Server. Where do I go from here?
Has anyone had success in embedding videos into CKEditor in CiviCRM
Still having problems with GDPR T&C in Contributions
Civicrm permissions for different departments
People tagged with "privacy: no bulk email" seem to be receiving bulk email
Trouble saving changes to a report
Caldera Forms and Smart Groups
Change the root directory D8 [docroot > web]
If no valid price set is found for an event, CiviCRM fires a fatal error, shouldn't this be prevented?
Add multiple target contacts in advanced search
CiviMail Change the Track Opens Tracking URL to a pretty URL
Updating Contribution payment instrument based on Financial Trxn payment instrument when there are multiple transactions
CiviEvent Confirmation Email causes Time-Out
Anonymous user filing out a profile unintentionally remove themselves from groups
(Part solved) Missing line items on event invoice and confirmation email for Event (using Webform CiviCRM)
PHP Notices from cron jobs
CiviEvent book multiple event at a single checkout
Configuring CardPointe Gateway
Has Contact ID been removed from the Contact Import "Matching"?
What is alternative solution to paypal pro due to PSD2 compliance issue
Multiple discounts or admin only pricing?
Creating a custom Form: Action (view vs update)
Menu does not appear unless in debugging mode in wordpress
Cannot edit links (or source code directly) in Scheduled Reminders
One of our admin users is replicating multiple times a day CiviCRM 4.6.38 Wordpress
ContributionDashboard correct amount not equal CiviReport
Drop down menu not working in WordPress
Manage Groups not listing groups
Event Registration - Pending (Pay Later) - Cannot add payment
CiviCRM database issue with views and the definer
Strange php error after updating old view
Installing Civicrm on Drupal 7 site
DB Error: no such table
Nothing happens when selecting any "Actions" dropdown options
Is it possible to assign a "custom group" to a specific roles of users?
CiviVolunteer error after upgrade to Civi 5.11.0 on joomla
Are case activity revisions no longer working?
Bug copying profile in CiviCRM/Joomla
Successful change pop-up not showing
Missing CiviContribute voice in "Used for" Profile section
Is it possible to write a report to send a weekly digest of people who have filled in a webform survey
Error viewing/editing/deleting contributions, error log included
How can I generate a report for the financial transaction entered by USERS of certain "drupal Role"?
Custom Field: Multiple Contact References
PCP is still active after contribution page is disabled
How can I update the CiviMobile 2.0 extension to the CiviMobileAPI 3.0 extension?
Update particular contribute based on contribute id with civicrm_api3
Undefined property: CRM_Contact_DAO_Contact::$contact_id in civicrm_entity_contact_user_get()
How to allow anonymous user to edit their contact details on CiviCRM?
Case Status at a Specific Time
How to fix: webform_calculate doesn't read values in fields that have been 'set to' by conditionals
Print merge document from case search files on wrong contact
Rounding differences between Contribution and Bookkeeping reports
Deduplicate fails on inherited address
Search for contacts with documents
Twilio extension failure w/ DB Error: unknown error
How do I add images to my emails?
How can I update client email with iats API?
Is CiviPostcode dead?
Reproduce CiviCRM configuration: best practice
Has anyone done anything integrating Facebook Donations?
Split Data from Wordpress Database
Combine reports of 2 kinds. Possible?
How to change or add a header to the "Print PDF Report" action
How do I use CiviCRM with LDAP?
How do I make the menubar a different color on my dev/staging sites
Update Multiple Records - Tags
Event part payment & multiple registration
Pending (Incomplete Transaction) - in-kind
Individual Name Fields are not available when adding a new contact
CiviCRM 5.12.4 error db constraint violation - contact_id should possibly be marked as mandatory for dashboardcontact,create api
Accessing fields/data from a lookup field
New membership confirmation e-mail not sent for free memberships?
Importing Event Participants with Contribution/ Payment
Best practice for finishing a CiviCRM session? Close browser window? log out? does it matter?
Event participants import
Mailmerge contact of same address & print directly from Civi
CiviEvent sends an invoice copy to every guest
How do I upgrade flexmailer?
Did the sort order for Campaign change recently?
(SOLVE) How to have both credit card and Pay later option in webform
iCal feed doesn't work: lots of public events, but "None found"
Choosing Payment Method disables Continue/Contribute buttons
Upgrade from 5.11.0 to 5.12. failing database update - solution found
Version 5.11.0, Event custom fields not carried over to repeat events
Spark Hosting Integration with Existing Wordpress Site
Civi site is not verifying reCAPTCHA solutions
CiviMail Deadlock Issue
Using "Premium (Thank-you gifts)" to enroll in membership
How to avoid double booking in CiviEvent
A problem I have with getting a box on my home page for visitors to sign up for a mailing list?
Limit relationships
How do I embed a CiviCRM page into a wordpress page?
If I exclude an address from a bulk email is it rational to assume that the mailing won't go to that address?
How do HTTPS settings interfere with CiviMail?
Class 'CachedCiviContainer' not found in Civi\Core\Container loadContainer()
Auto-filing e-mails on Cases: Mail content not shown under details and attachment with extension .unknown created
I cannot find Participant Count and Max Participants in Edit Price option for price sets WordPress
Correct database collation recommendation
Transaction integrity error: Expected to find active frame thrown in Manager.php
QR Code Checkin extension use with recurring events
How to export/import Civi CRM?
Add custom fields to cases
Auto Renewal for Pay by check
Event registration email comes from number@servername address
How to remove "Report URL" from emailed PDF reports header?
Discount Code and Auto Renewal
Email greeting token not working with mosaico
Cautionary Tale: Drupal 8.7.0 upgrade
Assigning Drupal roles on removal of inherited membership
Can nomination be part of the workflow for CiviCase?
Case Type field not available to add to a profile
Can I control access to specific price sets with ACL?
Import Contribution Fails - Financial Type
What is the server IP in database trigger definitions?
Menu Problem with CiviCRM 5.13.2
Mailing sent with wrong link
Wildcard not working for Invoice number search
How to Export/Import all CiviCRM data from one website to another one
How can i alter the petition thank you page tpl html content?
Adding 2 contacts (both populated with ?cid in the URL) to a webform is creating an error
not of type Boolean error message when testing Stripe in Test Mode
Use - Create Mode - URL error message
Bug in settings for CiviContribute Component?
DB upgrade utility stalls at 5.11.alpha1
CiviRules Trigger:Contribution is Added not working for Online Payments
Contact URL image display in civiCRM 5.12.4
CiviCRM 5.13.1 is not showing "Added By" coumn value
Case Type Filter bug in Case Summary Report? Multiple case types reported
CiviCRM 5.x is storing lot of empty records while sign petition
Is there a way NOT to email if a report with no result
DB Error when using dupe_check in rest API
Conflict with Accessible Keyboard Menus
Lots of temp tables: civicrm_tmp_d_dflt_*
How to hardcode the unsubscribe /optout URL in a transactional email?
Can CiviEvent work with PayPal?
Is there integration for CiviContribute Partial Payments
Spanish custom last name solution
Help! Multiple choice value vs lable
How is Make it Happen implemented?
How do I add a contact to a group using the API?
Stripe + Webform in Civicrm doesn't work
Export problems with civi 5.10
How Can i alter admin setting?
Event signup - email address verification?
Unable to use Price Set Details for Event Participants custom search if price set field option is disabled after a registrant has already selected it
Participant Search - Failed to interpret input for search
How to Create a Smart Group before Anyone Belongs to it?
CiviCRM_API3_Exception: "DB Error: no such table"
Email processor silently truncating anything after an emoji in inbound emails
Civicase report shows empty list
Can members sign-up for two memberships from same organization?
Profile registeration interaction between wordpress and civicrm
How to record work trades as payment on balance owed
REST API call & endpoint
Issue while configuring Repeating Event
How do I sync contacts who are not members in Wordpress?
API call to modify contact custom data fields fails without error
Nothing happens on selection of “Actions” dropdown options
What causes this error on importing email addresses?
How can I export Contact Contribution and event data?
Mailchimp Extension and Changes Announced by Mailchimp
Webform only sends email to the current user
Profile field for event not showing
How can I create a public-facing search with mapped results when using Wordpress as the host CMS?
Civi Campaign in views
After CiviCRM Update on Wordpress: CiviCRM Menu dissappeared
Civi Case DB Error: no such table
Event registration form loses 'id' url param and then throws an exception
auto renew with price set for 2 memberships to 2 different organisations
Joomla 3.9.6 - Civicrm 5.12.2 to 5.13.4 failed
Thank you letter export to Word - maintaining fonts
is it possible to show a logged-in frontend user all the events they are registered for?
Why is filter not working in contact report but works in constituent report
Cron not detected by CiviCRM
Drupal 8 and civicrm version compatability
Mailing Template Tables
does anyone have a recipe for a Drupal 8 Views Calendar to show civi events or civi activities
Profile only works for logged in users
Where has a custom field been used?
CIVIX: Booted CiviCRM, but failed to find 'api/class.api.php'
What's the best way to make use of the GDPR extension's capabilities via webforms in Drupal?
Is the new CiviCRM menu bar broken when using the Edge browser?
Token information not pulling through to Mailing Template
Installation CiviHR
Drupal AJAX HTTP Request terminated Abnormally after file upload
How do I make street address not a required field?
How do I find the ID of a custom field, contribution, option value, etc.?
Fatal error: Class 'DB_DataObject' not found in /sites/all/modules/civicrm/CRM/Core/DAO.php on line 49
Membership fixed period, not working as expected
Track activities and changes that were made in civicrm by staff
Contribution shortcode is visible to logged in users
Joomla Installation causes Internal Server Error
Membership renewal for organisations - how to remove: On Behalf Of Organization
What webhooks Endpoint to select for Stripe 5.3.2 extension
No Active Recurring Contributions on civi record but stripe has the data. Is there a way to resend IPN?
Free membership does not start before a second, paid for membership has been paid
Getting active relationships using the API is returning contacts in trash
Membership dashboard issue caused using webform for membership signup
Deleting duplicate contact
Membership Fee token displays in Email with 9 decimal points
Is it possible to show CiviMails within our Drupal CMS system?
Membership cancelled, but active until end date
Auditing Who Merged Contacts?
How to show help_text on buildQuickForm elements
Invoices are sent from the host domain instead of the proper From Address
Quickform Types Definitions or Examples
How can i override Civicrm /CRM/Utils Files?
CiviCRM Status/Connection Show 404 Not Found
Is unicode not supported in clickatell SMS extension?
Drupal webform validation using a dedupe rule
Paypal Sandbox - Internal Service Error
Honoree section not appearing on contribution page even though enabled
Error Saving Membership Transactions After Upgrading To 5.13.4
How can I add conditional profile fields (WordPress)
How can I display message after form submission
Mattermost password reset and email verification is broken
How to create an event with relationship to participant?
Printing reports without showing filters
CiviCRM Database Upgrade White Screen
How to cure empty config screens in civi?
Drupal Email address ends up in Billing not Home
CVV is being required in backoffice, even when it shouldn't be
How to set multiple conditional rule on webform registration?
Fresh install, Civicrm Wordpress, bricks admin
How to keep contacts to a GROUP for a limited period?
Custom field not displaying in edit mode
Wrong compiled [civicrm.files] variable in Resources URL
How can I modify the from email address used in petition confirmation email?
Remove CiviCRM and Drupal links / banner on profile form
How is case end date set?
Send scheduled reminder to group
CiviCalendar shows nothing on Wordpress deployment
Events registration via webform + strict accommodation options
How to create a Stripe recurring contribution if subscription was not created in Civi
How to create an v4 api using civix tool?
New release of CiviVolunteer or patch for DB Error: unknown error Return to home page
Our volunteers can login but data is not populating when they look people up, is something wrong with our access?
Number repeat events
CiviMail mailing sent to an Opt Out email
Password Reset Not Working
Check Processing - How does your organization do it?
Is there a way to bulk edit relationship permissions?
Mosaico - how to 'insert' templates from a previous host?
How can we enable Web Push Notifications?
How to use Contact name if nickname is not present in bulk mail?
Refresh Parent Popup from Second Popup
Webform with Payment and Preview has the sequence wrong
Unable to hide PHP 'notice' warning
PayPal Standard - users getting "Could not find a valid session key"
Default Activity Subject
Updating Memo/Rich Text Editor Fields with the API
Change sorting by custom field public directory (Jomla)
Civimail URLs not working
Print Contribution Receipt Offline
Warning: A non-numerical value encountered in CRM_Contribute_BAO_Contribution
civiReport with financial type and line item financial types
Insert and Get New ID in Extension
CiviCRM menu bar corrupted after installing Shoreditch
Country name token instead of countryID in Webform mail
Custom dropdown for specific relationship type
How to change order in billing address
What could be causing Wordpress to create user accounts for members?
Neither Advanced Search nor Search Builder offer option to save as Smart Group
Signing up for an event returns 500 error
What does this civirule error message mean? Not a valid action, action class is missing
How can I add granular event registration to an invoice for multiple participants?
Qualification Module
Restrict location types available to specific contact subtype
How can I debug a failed user dashboard on WordPress without generating errors?
Failed to locate Mosaico graphics driver
Is there a limit to how many activity types we should create?
How to get report of multiple recurring events?
Activities don't show on the profile page
How can I show/hide price options based on profile responses?
How do I solve a string extractor issue?
The replacement token civicrm-user:one-time-login-url not working in Drupal Rules emails
Who gets the bill?
Where do I create an issue on lab.civicrm?
Qualifications data
How do I bulk update organization subtypes using a profile?
Why no Member entity in the API v4 Explorer
Problem Importing Contacts
How to expose Mailing Groups in webform?
CiviCRM 5.13.1 API v3 Merge not working
Mandatory payments for new members
What is stopping to update recurring payment or billing details!
CiviCRM 5.13.1 SMS preview is showing empty string
How to include validation fields to find user for a contribution page to avoid duplicate?
New member gets user account
Hook to change names of reccuring events
installation de CiviCrm
When will MySQL utf8mb4 support be mandatory?
Authorize.net E-checks?
How can I change to the Spanish language?
Contribution Completed but not received
Partial refund headaches
Has anyone tried to use CiviCRM as a Client Management System for their HUD-approved housing counseling service?
Problems Upgrading Mosaico 2.0 to 2.1
"Error: CRM.url called before initialization" on contribution page
Unserialize error when viewing a contact
Is there any way to group cases?
How can I convert/export my mailing (a newsletter) into a PDF
What contribution dates does the default iATS recur job process?
Where is my "Address History" link disappeared?
Can we automatically make a users Drupal account inactive when their membership expires?
How to add Campaign token in system contribution receipt
Re-ordering search results changes results
Braintree with Wordpress not working with CiviEvent
"Network Error Unable to reach the server" only doing certain actions
Translation issue
Search builder "not empty" "not null" question
How can I search for all contacts without email?
Change Recurring Contribution Details from Views/Drupal
Remove Text from Self-Service Cancellation Page
Social Media - Link Preview - Wordpress
Synchronizing contacts and groups from CiviCRM to Outlook
wordpress Upgrade 5.2.2 to 5.14 fails with UPDATE civicrm_msg_template error
Creating specific Report
Database Syntax Error when attempting upgrade
How to make fields on webforms mandatory
CiviVolunteer Project Description Standalone
Email When Scheduled Job Fails
Confirmation emails going out when auto-renew
Conditions and Action disappeared from Civirules during upgrade
CiviMobile App error when editing phone
Error after upgrading to latest CiviCRM version
Social media sharing only shows Twitter
Display related organization information using a profile
email search failure
Upgrade from CiviCRM 5.12.4 to 5.13.5 generates Sparkpost PHP fatal error
Civi adds whitespace into contact images
How do I identify the right .php page
Webform contribution page not loading
Error on enabling CiviMobileAPI extension
How to restrict the Donors to have limited functions of CiviCRM?
Navigation menu is displayed under footer
Error With CiviCRM Volunteer
Issue with l10n update
Sharing data betweeen Multiple Databases
Fuzion tokens for membership start and end date
Weird issue with PayPal Regular Payment Processing on Mobile
changing membership type fails: "please enter a valid amount"
Can inherited members receive scheduled reminders?
How do I search Contact Source?
Does webform civicrm update contribution_recur_id when creating recurring contribution and membership?
Can donors store their card details on dashboard?
What can be done to ensure Stripe and CiviCRM are ready for SCA in Sept 2019
Batch Update the current relationship in CiviCRM
Unexpected error in installing Webform_civicrm
How do I find individuals that are participants in multiple (two) events?
Membership renewal as same type
Form development
API contact custom field
How do I change what appears in the "quick actions" menu on the contact record summary page?
Cannot configure Civicrm after installation of the plugin
Using profile for people to submit activities
Does iATS payment requires SEPA Direct debit for ACH to work?
Donor's name is overwritten with name on Paypal account
Where can I set system workflow messages (if I can)?
Listing events that only belong to a group
Password Reset emails being marked as spam
How to add conditions to form fields
Incorrect Resource URL error when they're correct
Contribution Report - Grouped by Custom Field
State/Province Field - Searching drop down menu with keyboard
How should a CiviCRM site that uses remote profiles be protected?
Is there a way to open the honoree section by default?
403 error when accessing or exporting CiviMail open reports
Menu not loading (Wordpress) .htaccess preventing access to files in `civicrm/persist/contribute/dyn`
Is there a way to expose a CiviReport on a Wordpress page?
Date picker stuck at 1970
Preventing duplicate entries from online profile form
is there a quick way to export the complete data from my database?
iATS Charge to Card on File attributed to merged/deleted record
Is there a way to produce automated welcome emails for individuals who sign up to receive our newsletter?
At signup, auto assign organization:contact relationship based on email domain being the same
Possible to add extra field to event price set options?
(version 5.13/5.14) Search Builder syntax error when "Groups" "is empty"
Civicrm Failed upgrade
Where is the API key?
Delete old civi event locations
Load sample data after installation
How do you do a multi-tier event for a registration page?
Error when sending a test from CiviMail
Can you edit webform submission values without invoking payment?
Migrating Drupal to wordpress redirect existing links
How to setup a camping event with 2 part payment option?
How to change case dashboard column
How to increase the autocomplete search results in webform
Multiple Payment Processing account in Civicrm
Webform CiviCRM or CiviCRM Entity?
Paypal Payments Pro give 'Internal service Error' on checkout
URLs in CiviMail give a 404 not found error
PHP warning "Warning: Declaration of CRM_Mailchimp_Permission" logged when open a CiviReport
Edit Line Item error: Tax for amounts above 999.00 = NaN.N
Event fees not showing on info page or registration page
Error when registering for an event - DB Error no such table
Profile form submit error page displays duplicate data entry fields
Cannot Find Solution For “Membership status cannot be calculated for <dates>” Renewal Error!
Problems inserting action tokens with default wysiwyg HTML editor
Batch Credit Card Processing
scedule reminder test not working - excute now for job not working
Cannot install iATS extension
How to attach a .pdf certificate to an email?
Limit contributions
How can I generate a CiviMail delivery & Click-thru report
Is it possible to Pre-Fill Form Fields Using URL Parameters?
Recurring Direct Debit Donation Amount Changes Not Reported on CiviCRM Bank Reconciliation
How to change a sites URL
How to move recurring contribution when changed Payment processor?
Basic Wordpress user cannot see CiviCRM
Prevent automatic login after registration
Unwanted "Contribution Amount" appears in Line Item which makes it look like its incorrect
How to install the missing countries
Delay automated email like receipts
Manage Groups shows no groups after server move
How to use PDF API in production?
Display Membership type description on contribution page?
Dashboard Summary on Memberships Page
Why are duplicate activities being created?
'Card on File' ad hoc Recurring Payments - Do they link to membership?
How do I get the non-deductible-amount to print in a receipt?
How to identify and report on donor anniversaries?
Emailed copy of report includes the SQL Query
Where is 'Payment Method' stored in the database for a Contribution "Payment Details"?
Replacing the Contact Dashboard with Views
Drupal Webform CiviCRM Warning message
What is deleting my Tag?
Problem accessing activity entity in Drupal rules
`json` parameter in the request API
Failure in setting up Sparkpost for outgoing mail
View contacts but not activities
How can I include a non-participant's details in the receipts?
Failure in setting up replies mailbox
Extended Security Release confusion. Which version?
How to change the name of the receipt attached to new membership
How can you edit the end date for an auto-renew membership?
What permissions are needed to edit Mosaico templates?
Logged in user registers for an event on behalf of a colleage, unintentionally overwrites their contact record details
Creating a summary of contents on civil mailings
How do I grep the CiviCRM universe?
Why am I receiving an ' Unable to retrieve card details from iATS. Error: Invalid Username or Password' Error?
Need help with export.php (CiviCRM 4.6 & Drupal 7)
Wordpress Clean URL's not working on Civi 5.14.0
Cannot get replies to show up in activities
Mailing using SmartGroup sends to recipients not in the Smart Group
How to find out who created an event?
Webform conditions with memberships
how do I count results in API v4
Attachment API File Upload
When adding CSS in civimail (under source) getting an error when trying to see or send test
API v3 Include Some Tags and Exclude Others
Add field on Case type form
Resource URL is incorrect
Workflow and Automation
Is there the ability to globally update relationship end dates or add them to a profile for bulk updates?
Bounce processing webhook gets error "Failed to verify signature" in Mailgun
SYBUNT (some year but not this year) showing 2011 as this year
Page title issues in wordpress
How to create an standalone GDPR form?
Problems setting up cron
IMPORT EN MASSE D'UN FICHIER DANS LA BASE
Wordpress Civicrm_acl_contact_cache Table got Deleted
Error (One of parameters is not of the type Integer) while clicking the 'mailing.viewUrl' in a sent mailing
Reports and Custom Searches
How can I hide or modify page name
Public URL for CiviMail: access denied even for admin
How can I bulk update the contact employer based on the employee relationship?
How to setup a contact journey and add them in specific mailing group after a delay?
Contribution Page Error: price_field_id should possibly be marked as mandatory
PayPal recurring payments are in pending state
How do I put saved searches or smart groups as menu options in WordPress?
How do the Rebuild Smart Group Cache scheduled job and the Smart group cache timeout setting interact?
New Project/Campaign set up in CiviCRM
"Chasse" - How to handle a multi newsletter scenario?
API Contributions and Payments
Personal contacts displaying in business members directory
Using a webform checksum for multiple contacts
Editing Layout for Custom Data
Can cv be used to deduple contacts
“Network Error Unable to reach the server” recording Contact activities
Can't login to dashboard or create a member account
"Unable to reach the server" error
Drupal View adding trailing zeros to Activity ID
Report based on country
Error message: The contact "Company X" does not have civicrm email, hence his WP user could not be created
SQL upgrade fails on 5.14.2 to 5.15.0 on Joomla
Cannot set activity status to scheduled
Is it possible to create a Report (or Search) for a general view of "total openings" in CiviMail?
Shared email address (parent/child)
Discrepancy between # of contacts in smart group vs # of contacts in smart group mailing
Does civicrm support mysql sockets?
Webform field not updating CiviCRM field
Contribution checkbox declining premium not enabled
width of email field on contribution form
Event registration page refreshes when clicking continue
Membership edit screen defaulting membership dates to 12/31/1969?
How to set a combined maximum for two price set options for an event registration (e.g. youth and adult prices)
Discounts for multiple price field selections (e.g. select all five options and get $X off)
Cannot upload image on mosaico template
Contact image missing
Cannot reach Server Error when searching for "?" via Full Text Search in ALL TABLES
Contributions with Frozen Financial Type Field
Steps to move from paypal to Stripe?
Running report gives me a 404
Does Simple Donate Work with Just PayPal?
Non-admin user can't reserve survey respondents without getting error "Missing Interviewer contact."
Can't delete or update contributions in CiviCRM 5.13+
Find Contacts - checkboxes not staying ticked in CiviCRM 5.15.1
Tyring to install civicrm-5.15.1 on Joomla 3.9.9 Stable - "Installation error com_civicrm/admin/configure.php on line 115"
Sparkpost service no longer free - any recommendations?
Attachment URLs incomplete on remote server only
Error Message when trying to validate Batch data entry
Custom API not recognized by explorer/cv
In CiviCRM 5.13.5 the new menu appears below the actual page or form
NEWBIE: Is CiviCRM RIGHT FOR US
Meaningless error report when importing multi-value custom fields
Any quirks on Virtuozzo VPS?
Import contacts: can't get past the "Choose Data Source" screen
Wordpress CiviCRM Profile URL only showing dashboard
Is there a way to show second country at top of list of countries (after the default country) in CiviEvent?
"Use (create mode)" button is missing
Using CiviRules to send email when setting up a Direct Debit
Advanced Search returns no results for a valid contact id
Help: Need someone to migrate us from the old wordpress plugin
Approach to dynamically filled custom field using member since date
Set number of free events for members
Add transaction fee
Create contact by external form fails (using contact form in wordpress with plugins, civi runs on drupal)
How do I edit mailing recipients?
CiviContribute Session timeout
SSL-encypted Database connection for CiviCRM?
Deduplicate by name AND surname (or vice versa)?
Integration with Weebly?
Timeout with Print/Merge document
How to change WordPress permalink settings without killing CiviCRM
Case status in front end of website?
Authorize.net is upgrading to CyberSource SCA. Will our payment gateway still work?
FAX. Is it difficult to hook up Twilio programmable faxing to CiviCRM?
Civicrm on mariadb with data encryption
Possible bug? "Enable Double Opt-in for Profile Group(s) field" displays twice
Civicrm base page template - civi 4.7.11
Menu bar is missing
How can I disable a reserved profile?
how does Civi determine # of installments left in recurring series? (and when it's complete)
How to stop Mailing Queue from civirules?
Do Not Call List Integration
Duplicated membership options after updated to 5.15.1
How are long jobs handled, e.g. Contact import
Contact Search Results Address Type
Processed as Activity: Cron job output
Report or Search to Compare Campaign Contributions
Fatal Error on Advance search
Mailing labels for Viet Nam do not render the Vietnamese alphabet correctly
Not all tags are available in a Contact Search
phpseclib version
Does CiviMobileAPI generate any logs?
No Address on Member Badge
How to include smarty script with mosaico email
Google geocoder prevents profile submission
Can Civirules Update contribution part of a refunded event payment?
Supervised rule for organisations
Membership payment without logging in
Report Customization
CiviCRM profile "used for" options are not allowing a CiviContribute option on wordpress
Changing Display Path to /civicrm on frontend
Assigning case roles via webform?
Webform CiviCRM - Update Recurring Payment Profile
Civimobile API 4.0 QR code question
Keyboard shortcut to access contact Quick Search?
How to amend CiviCRM Event URL
Use CiviCRM tokens in Drupal welcome e-mails?
Civicrm on Drupal: broken JS and CSS or Asset Caching enabled
Using internal anchor links in Mosaico emails
How to restrict Profile Edit/Create Visibility?
Cases - Send Copy of an Activity, Add Individual Phone and Email
How do i delete past events?
How do I add the timezone field to a profile?
CiviMobile “unknown error” on Wordpress
Navigation Menu Gone after WordPress Site Transfer
Invalid cache key: Not a string on Civicrm (Drupal) Upgrade to 5.15.1
Recommendations or Experiences on Archiving Mailing Data
Civirules - action = update custom field
You have requested a non-existent service "mosaico_graphics"
SCA Compliant Stripe Payments
Check in/Check out system QR codes
Edit HTML pages
<br> tags inserted in rich text fields custom fieldsets when displayed as tabs
Show CiviEvent registration details via dashboard or view?
What do you use for captcha?
Edit birth date
Problem of integration of the civicrm online grant page with my wordpress site
Action "send mail" not available for new contact
"lost" main & secondary menu (drupal)
Is Joomla 4.0 version in the works?
Adding geocoding
Interconnecting CiviCRM/Drupal and Wordpress
CiviDiscount automatic discount lost after clicking cancel on Paypal Standard
Editing public profile listing view template
Unique custom field - contact creation
I want to customise my contact form - New Donor
Twilio Schema validation warning
Link Contact Type with Drupal Roles
Send a contact to CiviCRM only if the user check a specific checkbox in a Contact Form 7?
Cannot Edit CiviCRM Profile via Drupal
Mosaico default template - unsubscribe setting
How do you grant access to Manage Contribution Pages without Administering CiviCRM?
WP - Incorrect Resource URL
webform civicrm not setting # of installments
Mapping custom fields to CiviCRM's standard fields
how to import/Export data from old version to updated version of CiviCRM
CiviEvent: Limitations for workshop as part of a conference
Countries up to date?
Multilingual contribution and registration pages in Wordpress
Certain Emails, not all are falling into SPAM
Import/export database from old CRM version(5.4.0) to New CRM version(5.15.2) in wordrpess
Undefined variable: CRM16923AnUnreliableMethodHasBeenUserToDeterminePaymentProcessorFromContributionPage
Error when displaying the CiviCRM Menu
Access Denied to CiviMail Opt-Out Form
CiviMobile won't login "please install CiviMobile in your CiviCRM"
Token Example Module
Send QR code via SMS?
Help with configuring CiviCRM
Sign Petitions submission on limit per user
Stand alone Gift Aid form for CiviCRM
Unable to enable CiviCase
CiviCRM Wordpress Member Sync w/ Wordpress Groups Plugin: How to add CiviMember to WP Group
Is Civicrm 4.7.20 compatible with PHP 7.? - only using core components and one extension, cividiscount
how civicrm class prepared on body tag
CiviMail "View in Browser" Link Error
How to send a formatted mail for webform submission?
How to I track down this problem when I try to CIVIMail? Sorry an error occurred and your information was not saved
Membership Report (Detail) filter not applied when first run
Email addresses being set to on-hold bounce due to Away responses
Is there a way to upload multiple discount counts into CiviDiscount?
CiviEvent online registration not working with Stripe payment processor
Dedupe Rule - blank matches
Database error when using CiviCRM admin UI: "Row size too large"
Got error on installing CiviCRM on Drupal 8
problem loading image in event badge and template
How to Transfer Big Data to a Different Domain
CiviMobile won't login: "Server API Error" Drupal
Mouse access to contact Quick Search
A Relationship as a Field
How does CiviCRM 4.7/5.* work with Cloudflare CNAME/Partial, WP
Adding a ID to Custom Fieldset
CiviCRM Log Viewer 1.2 not working after upgrade from CiviCRM 4.6 to 4.7
Contacts not appearing in a smart group
Users with Subscriber role in Wordpress cannot see & access CiviCRM
Drupal views: Civicrm drupal_id entity missing after update?
Mosaico: Signup with dedicated email address
Membership 'contagion' spreading through relationships
CiviRules update interfering with another plugin?
Send different event confirmation emails
upgrade of civicrm fails with parse error
Unable to get CiviCRM running on Drupal 8/Ubuntu server 18.04 LTS/Linode
Trying to kill civicrm/civicrm-cxm-rpc to fix a conflict, and it won't die
Adding Multiple 'Note' Fields within Custom Fields
How do you set a fiscal year?
Importing Cancelled Transactions?
How can you generate a report like SYBUNT - but for consistent donors?
Unable to view CiviCRM contacts anymore
Roundearth install apparently forks Drupal? Need to require csv-serialization 9
How to set up CiviCRM on separate Drupal from primary site?
Monetary amounts are missing in the donations
CiviCRM edit history for different users
Does CiviCRM OG Sync support PHP 7 +?
How do i properly include civicrm.settings.php to use api calls?
Civievent custom data field duplicate fields in Edit
Configure cybersource payment processor using omnipay extension
How to use Smarty for change greetings for French?
Struggling: Search report for donations by creation date not receive date
Issue with sending html email from civicrm with Smarty
problem configuring mollie payment
Random Stripe Webhook Issues
CiviMail: Email marked as 'Draft and Unscheduled' but outgoing mail log says it's been sent
CiviRules is not tagging users or adding them to groups
How can we do bulk renewals of memberships in Civi 5.13.3?
Newsletter sign up form on wordpress
Webform and Membership
How do you create a Smart Group with participants from multiple events
Make CVV code field optional in Authorize.net payment processor in a contribution form
Settings for moving recurring payments to Stripe
CiviCRM Individual Contact Inherits fields from Organisation
Installation de civicrm sur worpress
Event Attendance tracking
How to creat a report of recurring donors
Network Error Unable to reach the server when trying to expand search
Statement violates GTID consistency error when creatng new user account in Drupal
Civivolunteer Declaration of CRM_Volunteer_Permission Line 221 ClassLoader.php
Can't delete contribution page
Pay Now on Dashboard - too many redirects
CiviDiscount Usage Limit Per Member
Undefined index: start_time in CRM Volunteer BAO NeedSearch.php
Can I show contact photos in a public membership list on a WordPress site?
Installation problem of civicrm on wordpress
Restrict users to viewing only data in their state?
How to select Country with SEPA direct debit (short tutorial)
Errors in functions.php after installing 5.16.2 on Drupal 7
Add dupe check parameter to an API call - Contact Form 7 plugin
Property of non-object notice after submitting CiviCRM Webform with Contributions
Joomla - Embedding youtube video in CIVI mailing
Problems with CF_CiviCRM Registration with Caldera Forms
Organisation relationship search
Active Event Type not appearing in CiviRules
Has anyone mapped the CiviCRM Schema to Classes in SQLAlchemy?
Commas displayed instead of selected responses from a multi-select field on Confirmation page for CiviEvent registration
No CiviCRM Menus on WordPress
How to list upcoming events with pictures and updating registration links?
Ways for an extension to determine how (by which form/screen/API) a Contribution was created?
Access Denied for Login
CiviCRM on Azure Not Finding the Server
How do I create default custom data when changing contact subtypes via the API?
Financial Types
Where do I change the due date for event invoices and can I set a fixed date instead of a variable date?
How to log by hours instead of minutes in CiviVolunteer
CiviCase permissions break My Cases dashlet and CiviCase Dashboard
Upgrade Issues - Events links going to home page
Quick and dirty decoupled CiviCRM with cron and export/import?
Relative date filter possible in api?
Get a field label instead of value using the api
unable to finish mollie test payment
Problem upgrading CiviCRM on Joomla with Flexmailer + Mosaico installed
Where do I find Webform CiviCRM module for D8?
Can CiviCRM be managed as a group of companies, where there is a parent company of the group of child companies?
CiviCRM Groups Sync Plugin for Wordpress - No access to Settings
Everything In CRM is Slow - Errors With CRM_Contact_BAO_GroupContactCache
What is the difference between Tag or Group
Why can't I create a new report from a template?
Installing CDN Tax Receipts For Us
Contact Form: Unable to set country and province programmatically
CKEditor in core now?
Data Not Showing Up After Upgrade
Trouble connecting email to activity
Available Volunteer Opportunities does not filter out filled opportunities
Contact reminder
Cannot uninstall civivolunteeer
Issues with Cron Jobs in CiviCRM
How do I get CiviXero to process contributions missed in the first run?
Multisite on CiviCRM with Drupal 7
Geocoder error in log but no geocoder configured or wanted
Out of country addresses
How would we retroactively add a personal Campaign Page?
SOLVED:: SMARTY error with template
CiviCRM Says Cron Job Not Running But It Is
How to fix stripe webhook settings?
Unable to complete membership sign-up using contribution page
webform civicrm error
Blank screen when reusing a previous mail (Mosaico)
How do I delete registrations and automatically recalculate the invoice total?
CiviCRM isn't recognising CSV files as CSV files
Lots of database errors
membership not updated with recurring contribution
Where in the CiviCRM codebase do css and js resources get output?
How do I bulk import Communication/Privacy preferences?
This transaction cannot be processed. The merchant's account is not able to process transactions
Hiding Fields or Disabling Them?
What is the membership data?
Better Theme for CiviCRM
