How long does physical attraction typically last in a permanent relationship?
If one is flexing a muscle, for any given motoneuron involved, how many action potentials occur per second to keep the muscle flexed?
Can hypnotherapy help to change my tastes in food?
Is quantum tunneling required for nerve signals to cross the dendritic synaptic barrier?
Do nice guys finish last?
Why aren't Connectionism and Dynamicism considered part of the Computational Theory of the Mind?
What is, formally speaking, major depressive disorder?
Name of a cognitive test assessing whether a child can think independently
Name for the need to reply “you can’t fire me, I quit”
Is there a research field which holds close connections between computational neuroscience and classical robotics
Can the neuronal firing rate be increased through medication/diet?
What is the word for: "I have to do" in CBT?
List of affective states for a study?
Do we have a predisposition to view visual stimuli in a clockwise pattern?
Why do we rely on others in dangerous situations?
When does anchoring improve our judgement?
What to call measures obtained between pre-test and post-test?
Is sleep time related to any other characteristic?
What do we mean by saying: Narcissist are not empathetic?
How to train oneself in the art of obfuscation
Are there any proven ways to increase concentration and focus?
Variables in positive reinforcement in human beings
How does an understanding of the brain explain why people experience strong emotional responses to major sporting events?
Best way to capture effect of making people upset?
Research operationalizing so-called strategic thinking?
Best way to capture effect of making people upset?
How higher/lower taxes can affect reward system and overall satisfaction of someone
Why only 16 Jungian types? Combinatorially it should be 2 * 4! = 48
A type of long-term memory where I can remember full dialogues
Is there any good alternative to the International Affective Picture System (IAPS)?
NEO-FFI $t$-score calculation
Importance of Neural Synchrony to Cognition
Why is bubble wrap so fun?
What indicates an extreme worry about privacy?
Should raw response time data be transformed?
What study showed that humans can successfully detect objects within images once they are able to recognize those objects?
does getting top marks and ranks in school or college make one intelligent?
Difference between brain disease and brain disorder
Grating orientation & frequency which induces highest gamma
Manipulating cognitive load in online experiments
Why are some people attracted to people of other races?
How does the timing work out for dopamine to affect the development of long-term potentiation?
Why is it hard to simulate a neuron?
How does hPES compare to the learning rates of ANNs?
This is the 2,000th question posted. Why do people care about big round number events more than the surrounding events?
OCD Motivation and Dopamine Motivation, is there a connection?
What hardware setup is commonly used for low-latency audio stimulation?
What are the effects of visual deprivation on mental health and the other senses?
Are Rorschach (inkblot) tests still used as a diagnostic tool?
Can autism spectrum disorders be acquired or are they inherited traits only?
How do people estimate smoking's impact on their mortality?
Is it better to say "Don't forget" or "Remember" in written encouragement?
Trying to understand equations in Karl Friston article
What is the psychological advantage of having a happiness set point?
Prerequisite Request: Neurorobotics
Body Language: Why do we give each other the grumpy/frowning fake smile?
What are the average raw scores, and standard deviations for the WAIS-IV subtests?
Can reading [self-help] books aid in therapeutic treatment of the narcissistic rationalization pattern?
Is hypnotic susceptibility associated with responsiveness to rapid vs. standard hypnosis induction?
Ignoring someone can be considered aggressive?
Psychology of brand names
Is there a formal name for "I'm right, don't try to challenge me" / "if you push against me I will be 100x more stubborn" personality trait?
ADHD Symptoms Emerging in Adolescence or Young Adulthood
Is there really a Shiny Object Syndrome?
Why do scientists say brains are faster than computers?
What factors affect the g factor?
Do people who lose their faith tend to replace it with other non-evidence-based reasoning?
What is the minimum angle off horizontal before a line visually appears inclined at first glance?
What method(s) are available which demonstrably increase a person's g factor, (assuming such are available)?
What is the source for the W3C's Contrast Ratio formula?
What causes people to rapidly lose skill after becoming moderately good at something?
What is a semantic cognitive map?
How do laypeople form a judgment that another person is smart or intelligent?
Are there NP-Hard or NP-Complete problems that humans a really good at solving?
What is the difference between biological and artificial neural networks?
What does Inter-Personal conflict means in clinical evaluation?
Why does autism sometimes impede the ability to produce speech?
Is it usually worthwhile to argue to try to convince someone?
How does the frequency of a visual stimulus affect the steady-state visually evoked potential?
Is attraction between two people just physical, not neurological/psychological?
What are the neurobiological factors associated with intelligence in animals?
Is there a way to make oneself more sleepy?
What is the difference between cognition and artificial intelligence in the context of robotics?
What is the name of the condition where you feel like you have been somewhere before?
What is the meaning of semantics to cognition?
Diffrence between SSVEP and P300
Does referring to each other by number in group meetings lead to better results?
What to do when you have a speed-accuracy trade-off in your data?
What is a good general reference on cognitive science in military training?
How do ligands bind to and release from receptors?
Can a person control their brain's electrical activity?
Is there a pictograms repository under an open-commercial license?
Where do spatial dimensions enter in single compartment neuronal models?
How common are visual hallucinations in Schizophrenics?
Is "Schizophrenic" considered to be a derogatory or offensive term?
Are there any programmes to identify modular "NeuroBricks"?
Why "fractional" anisotropy?
Cognitive (neuro)science and related mailing lists
Can a self-paced-reading & grammaticality judgment task be programmed in PsychPy or Open Sesame?
Study Effectively
Why do dreams lose clarity quickly over time after we awaken?
What's the neurological basis for "practice makes perfect"?
"All lay loads on a willing horse"
Are desires influenced by beliefs?
Effects of Social Networking websites on Humans?
What was the quantified brain volume of Albert Einstein?
What evidence is there to suggest that delayed gratification is taught and learned and not genetic?
Research connecting reflection/introspection in computing and metacognition
How many synapses in the average human brain?
What is the modern definition for problem solving?
What is a good rough rule of thumb regarding required sample size for questionnaire studies?
What's the explanation of this optical illusion where many coloured arcs radiate from a central point?
Is there an experiment where participant tries to move object with brain-machine interface and object is moved by someone else?
When should a percentage be written as a percentage and when should it be written x out of n?
What is the most common form of delusional misidentification?
Where is knowledge of how the brain works stored?
Do beavers make dams purely by instinct?
How is an emotion different from a thought or a sensation?
Bibliographic references about the task of connecting information
Difference between real time and old information processing in the brain
Why is it easier to fall asleep in the dark?
Could markers on cars indicating a common destination improve highway driving efficiency?
Does a loser prefer the winner to subsequently lose or win?
Can repetitive sports-related head injuries make a person senile many years later?
How to better remember your dreams?
Difference Between Schema and Mental Model
Why can't we use 100% of the brain in a certain moment?
Reduction of the hippocampus due to childhood neglect/abuse
How actively does your brain physically prune connections?
Spiking Neural Network Simulation: Measuring and Classifying Bump Attractor States
What is the effect of income on an adolescent's reward response to monetary vs. social reward?
Verifying this statement in a movie named Oculus
What is it called to think without language? Are there studies around it?
What functions does the brain perform to recognize a familiar object unconsciously?
What is the difference between social anxiety disorder and shyness?
Are there first person accounts of monothematic delusions?
How does the alpha brain wave frequency range distribute over the population?
What causes an inability to recall a melody, beat, or music?
Why dreams can be surprising?
What causes post-masturbation guilt?
What books should I study to have a decent understanding of psychology?
Is there a name for a scientist's resistance to disconfirmation of his or her theories?
What causes words repeated in your head to start fading away from consciousness?
How does subjective experience arise from matter?
How do humans learn to combine tasks?
Origin of group-level statistics in psychology and cognitive neuroscience
Are sensations of turbulence after flights proprioceptive hallucinations?
Are there validated measures to perception of decision making process alignment?
Can microdialysis be made in Drosophila melanogaster?
Frequency estimation in binary prediction task
Was the anthropological "Negroid, Mongoloid, Caucasoid" distinction inspired by the Bible story of Noah's sons?
Is there a condition where a person doesn't feel emotional or non-physical pain?
Tendency to see novelty in mundane and trivial statements
Optimal number of dimensions in multidimensional scaling
Neurological basis of selfishness?
Why do people commit suicide?
What sort of things are considered as "data" in cognitive science?
Why do children sometimes not do what they are told, even though their environment supports them fully to do so?
What tools are available for EEG analysis on the R platform?
Can an extravert suffer from social anxiety disorder?
What's the term for people who deny others' achievements?
Are there any models of human cognition that do not depend on physicalism or materialism?
Differences between the many versions of neuromorphic hardware
What's the functional difference between the NEF and normal ANNs?
Is the SPAD-T textual analysis software still available?
Using CBT for a justified fear?
Body Language: Why do we act differently around someone we're attracted to?
Number of presynaptic inputs per cell in primary visual cortex
Is there any scientific literature on the "shower principle" (i.e., taking a break from a task leads to unexpected insights)?
Does learning too much useless information weaken my memory?
Where in the brain is meaning extracted from visual information?
Analysis according to Jung's Psychological Types
Which statistical tests to use when analyzing NASA TLX?
Why do people avoid taking the last "donut"?
Difference between meditating and watching a movie
What's the difference between a "mental disorder" and a bad personality trait?
Neural robots vs conventional robots
Record an eye blinking waveform signal from EEG signals
What does double dissociation really tell us?
Are there any serious neuroscientific theories of emotional valence?
How to compute weights and bias for a McCulloch-Pitts neuron?
Has there been any serious research on subliminal messaging?
How do people respond to auditory warning signals?
How many action potentials from presynaptic neurons would be required to make a postsynaptic neuron fire?
Are innate intersubjectivity and theory of mind opposing theories or are they reconcilable?
Are there any fMRI decoding papers examining the relationship between attentional cueing and activity in V1?
For what kind of concepts do we really need an analogy?
Why is MATLAB so common in Neuroscience?
Why does munching sound unpleasant to most people?
Neuropharmacology and Simulation
Is there a standard list of Default Answers which are used in Likert 'type' Scales
What differences of opinion led to the Kahneman-Gigerenzer feud?
Why does a neuron choose to connect to another?
Annoyance in animals
Is there a psychometric tool for measuring the difficulty of mental activities?
Can prosopagnostic (face-blind) people draw other people recognizably?
Can our auditory perception be used to trick our visual perception?
How can I embed language proficiency assessment within an unrelated experiment design?
Finding consciousness through EEG
Why is it easier to search memory for words starting with a particular letter than for words with that letter in a later position?
How to test for malingering in criminals trying to deny capacity for criminal responsibility?
What is the effect of irrelevant reading after study on memory consolidation?
Perception of abrupt noise
Difference between forms of Culture Fair Intelligence Test (CFIT) scale 3
Reconciling one-dimensional valence with distinct mechanisms for reward/punishment
Is there a name for highly aggressive non-violent people?
How to interpret a BBC news article on the effect of race on intelligence?
Study of recollection of drawings based on labels
Is there a name for having an obsessive interest in new topics for short periods of time?
Water Jug Problem in AI
Evolutionary motivation for the existence of pleasure?
The psychology of nymphomania
How can I dream things that are impossible?
Memory - Remembering a Source
Are there any legitimate, and reasonable circumstances, where self-delusion is acceptable and/or required?
About the possibility of 'Robot Psychology'
Universal Mind? Nature or Nurture?
Terminology for introvert's frustration after excessive social exposure
What is the source and real meaning of "provisional living " concept and is there an equivalent term?
What is the concept that schema is opposed to
About the Turing test and a Robot's psychology
Is the mind's adaptation to increased traveling speeds, physical or psychological?
Does the brain burn more calories when "thinking quickly"?
How cognitive science explain the stylistic convention in text writing?
What background is required to understand the book "Principles of Neural Science"?
Brain after (electrical) blackout
What are the underlying mechanisms for optimism bias?
Why do people try to make themselves feel better by treating others poorly?
Why is it easier to learn something when you have a teacher explain it?
What happens inside our body, when we experience betrayal and infidelity?
What is the best short (i.e., roughly 20 item) measure of Big Five personality?
Is cortisol an effective measure of stress for pre and post task performance?
Is there anything in Freudian psychoanalytic theory that is scientifically sound?
Why do we see unknown people and places in dreams?
Pupillometry: how long needs the pupil to respond towards an cognitive stimuli?
Is there scientific evidence on the benefits of binaural beats?
What is an example of a learning machine that achieves zero variance?
Does the heart play a role in the occurrence of emotions?
How are these review-forgetting curve calculated?
The role of Anticipation in acquisition, consolidation, retrieval of memory
Reference request in Circuit and Signals for Computational Neuroscience
How long do dreams last?
What's the relation between BCM and Oja's learning rule?
What's the difference between divisive and soft normalization?
Are some facial features more important than others in human facial recognition?
Determining the position of the calcium ion in the three dimensional space
So why might people post seemingly excessive concerns regarding the danger in their neighbourhood?
What is the relationship between neurotransmitter release and resting potential in retinal bipolar cells?
Name for compulsive need to mimic another's symptoms of illness?
What to call theory where next activity following a fun activity is also perceived as fun?
Cognitive bias - Confirming the attitudes of your peers
Concept maps. What exactly they are?
How to work on a research problem while sleeping?
Is there a standardised test about emotion perception?
Can SSRI make things worse in the long term or cause delayed depression?
What is the difference between behaviorism and cognitivism?
Are recent affordable EEG devices any good?
Clarification on the definition of sublimation?
How well does the NEF capture neuronal heterogeneity?
How well are neurotransmitters used in SPA?
How does neurotransmitter distribution and usage vary thought the brain?
Different neural structures for quick vs. methodical decision making
reading an EEG dataset using EEGLAB
How is memory accounted for in the NEF?
Perforated patches: Can antibiotics used to induce holes in membrane produce perforations of differential size?
What is runaway excitation?
Detect an imagination EEG signal
Measurement of phase difference between two signals using cross correlation vs. fourier transform
The best "negative motivation" movies (or books, etc.)?
Do Jewish people have better cognitive abilities than average population?
aftereffects of auditory adaptation
Is there a term for people who hate (or don't prefer ) things that are mainstream?
Is there an explanation of why some colors seem to move forward/backward on a 2D plane?
Does the brain need more sleep after heavy load?
Phase locking value (PLV) between $x(t)$ and $x(t-T)$
What makes trippy audiovisuals trippy?
Survey Questionnaire design - What are the alternatives to Likert scale in measuring attitudes?
Connections between different theories of personality
What is the fear/paralysis that occurs before doing an irreversible action?
Do Kahneman–Tversky results hold for longer periods and aggregate behavior?
Attitude to judge and avoid efforts
How do features of the work environment such as type of pen or color of paper influence productivity and workplace well-being?
Does the brain stop processing data when the eyes move?
Do bilingual children learn two languages faster than monolingual children learn one language?
How to study the effect of sustained exercise and sport on well-being?
Have the effects of MRIs and other electromagnetic devices on human psychology been studied?
How do we localize pain?
Do unequal step sizes in staircase procedure affect the convergence?
Is being "hyper"-offended, no matter the cause, an indicator that someone might be a socio-/psychopath?
Influence of antidepressant drugs upon personality
Dynamical systems theory as a metaphor in psychology: is it useful or not?
What is the most comprehensive system of describing human emotions or states of mind?
How to measure your stress levels?
How to quantitatively measure strength of friendship using observable factors?
Can a person be able to objectively identify when and how their thinking process is being affected by cognitive biases?
How to address a narcissist to go to therapy?
Are staircases more efficient than the method of constant stimuli?
Does expecting to be in a safe situation elicit unsafe behavior?
What is the neurobiological difference between Jungian Judging and Perceiving individual?
A subtle test for color-blindness
Is there a difference between the time/effort it takes for the blind and the sighted to learn to read Braille?
Where to obtain and how to score the Bukowski et al "Friendship Qualities Scale"?
Is memory biased towards positive or negative memories?
Why has behaviourism fallen out of favour?
What is the correlation between the development of the sense of self and the senses?
Can a person with multiple personality disorder have one of their personality based on a real person?
Is there a technical term for when the brain recalls an incorrect, but almost correct answer when trying to recall a word/name?
How are the logical and mathematical skills of people with ADHD?
Experiencing neuronal activity inside the body/brain
What is the most unified functional model of the hippocampus?
What aspects of ACT-R are not contained within Spaun?
Why do the colors I see associated with a particular vibration/sound change?
Detecting signs of dementia in EEG signal
Does Stroop test performance correlate with any personal characteristics or abilities?
Is there a part of the human brain responsible for triggering imagination, fantasy and coming up with unusual stories?
What is the neurobiological basis of the "inner voice" used for thought or reading?
"Do it yourself" Cognitive-Behavioral-Therapy-style intervention methods
Brain areas active while learning hierarchical structure of a problem
What are some key behaviors that stone-age humans evolved to help them survive and reproduce?
Why is it so problematic to read in a dream?
Why do people behave better when observed?
What causes introverts to lose "energy" in social settings and require recovery afterwards?
Gender differences in IQ among undergraduate psychology students
Are cognitive biases hardwired in the brain or they are acquired during lifetime?
Is there a left or right preference to raising one side of the lip in contempt?
How does masking work?
Publicly available social networks in apes and hunter-gatherer societies
Why is it more acceptable to get rich doing sports than business?
How many words are toddlers "making up"?
Does fixing cognitive biases do more harm than use?
Does the brain get rusty if out of practice?
How, other than pharmacotherapy, can those diagnosed with thought disorders be treated?
Do animals have some kind of rudimentary personality types or preferences?
Is there a report of a successfully EEG-Based Brain-Computer Interface (BCI) using image training?
'Always Give a Reason Why' - How to describe this subject area?
Dependency EEG signals from regions of the brain
Do more creative people have more unusual dreams?
Why is sunrise therapeutic?
What is the name of a cognitive bias by which existing facts are tailored to fit a personal hypothesis?
Does meditation improve working memory more than exercise?
Is there any scientific basis to different learning styles?
If stimulus triggers dopamine release, can dopamine release trigger memory recall of stimulus?
What adjectives can be used to describe emotional intelligence competences?
How is tone volume encoded?
Why does injury cause brief unconsciousness?
Studies on visually recognizable personality traits?
Are introverts more talkative in written form than extroverts?
Are any kinds of behavior proved to correlate with testosterone levels?
Is there a name for reading things how you meant to write them?
Is this Auditory Processing Delay?
Physiological mapping of frustration
Writing system, its future and social importance
What is the data structure used by the brain to store data?
How to compare brain waves?
What does fMRI measure exactly
Is meaning-seeking behavior a biological optimization problem?
Does dream recall alter the dreaming process?
Reference request for creator of heuristic for processing fMRI data (T.Nichols)
If I have ADHD, how can I focus on programming task for hours?
Do highly creative people dream more and/or differently than ordinary people?
Is it possible for a person to have anterograde amnesia and be aware of it?
Has there been a neuroscientific explanation of the color phi phenomenon?
Is cognitive science a concentration of psychology?
Is there a term to define the influence and sharing of common expressions among people?
What neurotransmitters can be suppressed/promoted by tDCS
How do the blind dream?
What is the result of an excess of dopamine?
Are there some tools to get human brain Brodmann areas from X,Y,Z coordinates?
Age of learning versus relative mastery - are they linked?
Which is the shortest duration for a pitch difference in audio signals to be perceived by the human auditory system?
Is a desire for a certain food related to the nutritional need for that food?
Effective sampling rate in human visual system
The accuracy & malleability of memory for color
How does diet affect OCD?
Is all learning a subconscious activity?
Are there any circumstances where schizophrenia or bipolar disorder are not lifelong?
Freudian repressed unconscious as the biological reason behind self-destructive behavior?
Can incubation be facilitated, while, at the same time, being focused on a different problem?
What is the biological reason behind disorganized thinking and disorganized behavior in thought disorders?
What is the meaning of "little efferent input" to retina?
What changes brought into DSM-5 have increased therapeutic use of medications?
How would losing episodic memory affect a person's functioning?
What are the key features of dreams that trigger dream recall in the waking state?
What is the difference between feeling sad and feeling unhappy?
Is fear of parasites an explanation for trypophobia?
Have there been any scientific experiments attempting to communicate with one's unconscious mind?
Research groups in Computer Science which study Computational Neuroscience
Are there any theories suggesting mindfulness is the opposite mental state to self-regulation?
Grid cells : Between what is the correlation of autocorrelogram measured?
Are the two halves of the brain mirror images of each other?
What is the name of the concept in psychology that makes requirements hard to articulate?
Relationship between oculometry/pupillometry and disorders of consciousness
What is the concordance rate for schizophrenia in monozygotic and dizygotic twins?
Which personality trait(s) characterize high need for external validation?
Research on avoiding thinking about things that trigger depression or anxiety
Difference between Logan's Instance theory and Exemplar-Based Random Walk (EBRW) theory
Any research on a concept of 'empathetic preferences' used in economics?
What makes you feel smarter after sprinting?
How to filter noise in EEG data
What are the meanings of the word 'gender'?
Is the VALS framework still relevant to market segmentation?
What cognitively interesting event-related potentials at FP1, FP2, TP9 or TP10 can be measured with consumer-grade EEG hardware?
Where can one read about states?
What is a short, drug-induced "blackout" experience called?
Why can some people not cry on demand?
Is there a good entry-level tutorial for SPM?
Can one alter their auditory perception?
Can hallucinogens treat depressive states?
How to collaborate with a university on a consumer psychology study?
Do the colour blind have a distinct visual cortex structure?
What is the difference between pre-synaptic versus post-synaptic?
Is there any study on the effectiveness of taking notes in a lecture vs taking notes on written materials?
Comparative functional neuroanatomy: humans & octopodes
What study examined the effect of number of traumatic life events on falling into poverty?
How can the effects of pain on cognitive functions be tested in an ethically accepted way?
Where to find images of the same faces with and without glasses for experiment?
Does your voice pitch affect your perceived authority?
Central and peripheral route dilemma
Approaches to life coaching
Definition of or research on fun
Research on computational models of physiological mechanisms in affective neuroscience at a biochemical level
Number of exercises and the learning of some subject?
What evidence is there for a correlation between being tightly focused on a problem and only using one part of your brain?
How does glial cell activity influence fMRI, EEG signals?
Why do some people stutter only when they are nervous?
The 'self' and partitioning of the brain
Acoustic and light wave coherency?
Short term memory and an effective learning strategy
Do lonely people get addicted more easily than social counterparts?
Consistency Theory - Why do we go back on promises
Is the consciousness currently in oneself the same as the consciousness that used to be or in the future will be in oneself?
Psychology of intelligence
What are other methods to induce ego depletion besides using emotional videos and thought suppression?
Are there parts of the brain which don't change over a lifetime?
How is the biological accuracy of ANNs typically measured?
Neurophysiological indications of focus and motivation
What kind of memory it is?
Visual acuity and offset stimuli
How is the signal-to-noise ratio of an event-related-potential measured?
Removing ocular artifacts from EEG signals
What are presynaptic puncta?
What characterises people who stay calm in crisis situations?
Does research support the notion of mimicry building trust?
Objective differences between extroverts and introverts
What neurophysiological mechanisms are typically associated with distraction?
Is there a relation between speed of executing a task and ones intelligence?
"Need" vs "Want" in psychology
Isolating the desired event in EEG signals
How to transform data to a frequency spectrum?
What is the relation between fun and motivation? Are they the same?
Why do people have different sense of humour?
Is it possible to become addicted to sleep deprivation?
What are the possible causes of sometimes using incorrect word ordering when speaking?
What does speaking in third person denote?
What do you call the inability to see alternative solutions to a problem?
Is it really impossible for a hypnotist to make a participant do something against their will?
How do mammals explore state spaces in reinforcement learning tasks?
What causes impostor syndrome?
Biologically plausible cognitive model of Wisconsin card sorting task
What is the difference between Megalomania and Narcissism?
Where can I find a database, preferably OWL-based, that contains structured information about everyday objects?
Can you make yourself like/hate something when you learned to hate/like it during early life?
Can the mind affect the physical brain? - a simple thought experiment
Can the brain be trained into a state of persistent happiness?
Does a condition exist that resembles autism, but featuring much instead of little empathy?
What is Intelligence? Is it based on prediction capability of an agent?
To what degree is emotional state visible in a person's eyes?
How common is alien hand syndrome?
Where to find a study on women and selfies?
Is art therapy really effective?
Do Big 5 or BIS/BAS personality theories propose that combinations of personality traits are meaningful?
Regarding the mind and what it can affect
Research on gift structure and satisfaction: one large gift or two small ones?
Can long-term antidepressant use reduce memory and emotion?
Can information theory be applied to human interactions and communication?
What's the function of the clean-up memory in SPA?
Methods for stimulating exact positions in the body
Why do battered persons love their partners?
Name for awareness of the probability of an event increasing the probability of it happening
Is it sufficient to say self control eliciting the reduced ERN (error-related negativity) in cognitive control tasks?
What is the relationship between psychological entitlement and locus of control or other personal characteristics?
How strongly are creative ideas influenced by our environment?
Why is it so difficult to use a "true mirror" as a mirror
Are good students truly good at all things?
How to integrate word prediction keyboard into P300-based BCI (brain computer interface) system?
Evidence that positive rewards are learnt faster than negative rewards?
Confirmation vs peak-end bias - when does it make sense to "save the best for last"?
How do patients with Cotard's Syndrome rationalize environmental interactions?
Long term effect of using noise generators
What happens psychologically to a Robinson Crusoe?
Cognitive Dissonance
What is fear in humans and what does it do?
Participant / Subject Pool Management Solutions
Pleasure and reward
Is there a relationship between gender and the effectiveness of various psychotherapeutic methods?
How can I understand the phenomenon of mood better?
How can we use EEG data to predict urge of smoking?
How can we analyse user behavior to predict urge of smoking?
Is Altmann's memory-for-goals model valid for higher-level multitasking?
Is the brain more active when you do something in a dream or when awake?
Why is it so difficult to recall dreams?
As adults, is it possible for thoughts to originate from our own thinking?
Is there a criteria in the design of a cognitive control task (Flanker task with letters H and S)?
Psychology of Sympathizing with Death
How effective are online providers of paid participants for psychological experiments?
How does conscious rational internal thought gets initiated - what gives rise to it on any given day?
What is the difference between a biological and behaviorist perspective in psychology?
Benefits of using more complicated neuron models in NEF models
Can fMRI and EEG signals be generated from NEF models?
Does heritability define the person in terms of the population?
Why is sensory substitution not that successful?
Is 'intuition' related to 'extrasensory perception'?
Success cause passion more than passion cause success
What is the evolutionary purpose of envy?
Can stress be sustained without reflective thought processes
How many dendrite connections vs axon terminals does a multipolar cerebral neuron have?
best book for cognitive science
What are the 50 words on the Wechsler Test of Adult Reading (WTAR)?
Cognitive Science podcasts to follow
What are the practical uses of ontologies?
Is it conceivable to transmit all sound information in the tactile modality?
Effectiveness of implicit measures of deception (e.g., sweating, eye focus, EEG) when filling out online questionnaire
Are there cultures in which leadership/hierarchy does not exist?
Do studies exist that can map specimens of neocortex to the functions they perform(ed) in vivo?
What is so "potential" about action potentials?
Explanatory gaps in the formation and propagation of action potentials
How does my spinal cord know to take reflexive action?
Dearth of research on treating Periodic Limb Movement Disorder (PLMD) with Baclofen
Dichotic listening tasks and crosstalk
What is the most comprehensive model of executive control?
Which executive function assessment has the most cognitive models?
Is there a way to avoid false memories?
Do female victims of rape have an increased risk of becoming a sex offender?
What is bispectrum?
Do people with ADHD have reasoning abilities and mathematical abilities just like normal people?
Do depressed people think that they always thought in such a negative way?
Do people talk faster than they process?
Is procrastination associated with overweight?
What's the most effective way to learn and revise foreign language vocabulary?
Is there a difference between visual short term memory and visual working memory?
Why do people fear statistically unlikely things?
Why is the order of brainwaves not labelled "alphabetically"?
Why do males prefer females with blonde hair?
Does daily software development enhance the cognitive capacity of a person?
Performance of children at school in the morning
Is being less emotional a bad thing for motivation?
What speech synthesis software is suitable for research?
How to derive the generalization bounds for the classical perceptron model?
The mathematics of dreams, or better, the dreaming of mathematics
Activity in a brain region and additional blood requirement: What is the causal relation?
What did Jung's patient find out?
What causes Capgras ("imposter") Syndrome?
Are all psychological problems only biochemical in nature?
What are the smallest neurons ever identified?
Why does the unilateral 6-OHDA lesion Parkinson's model cause ipsilateral rotations?
Sleep deprivation effect on brain
Accuracy of methods for detection of dementia in EEG
Which parts of the brain are used when identifying and sorting email messages?
What are the neurobiological factors related to depression?
PTSD based on false memories
Is there a difference between hearing and decoding the sound?
Is it necessary to read signals and systems before statistical signal processing/ detection theory
Are there mental reflexes?
Does the retina encode visual information like a Bitmap or an SVG?
Learning Reading without Speech?
How to find the upper and lower quartiles of the Ryff scale?
What's the difference between inductive and deductive research in cog sci?
What is the simplest entity that would be considered "conscious"?
Conditioning/training value of objects in experiment
Calculating d-prime
Why are dreams about failing exams so common?
How does this illusion - that I just inadvertently created - work?
Why do con artists like Frank Abagnale Jr. not feel guilt?
Does masturbation affect brain in long term?
Has anyone formally tested Josh Pellicer's theory on human sexual behavior?
What are the side effects of Anger?
Can someone not feel i.e. neglect pain sensation?
What rules are tested during the Wisconsin Card Sorting Task?
Colorado Boulder study about brain morphometric measures of Cannabis users methodologically weak?
Are psychiatric disorders merely statistical deviations?
Have there been any recent replications of the Hofling hospital experiment?
What is the set of cards used in the Wisconsin/Berg Card Sorting task?
If sleeping is related to 'saving information' you've experience, is forgetting related to more energy?
Measures to study working memory level related to physical activity
What are there neuroanatomical mappings of the Wisconsin Card Sorting Task?
Why can good music raise goosebumps?
Are there "awareness" related mirror neurons or processes in the brain that get activated by awareness?
Freud's theory regarding child to parent attraction
Cause and cure of silly behavior in children
How to quickly estimate the person's level of stress with a mobile based relaxation app?
How can you forgive (and not only forget) evildoers without any remorse?
How to engage in the conceptualization process to measure a psychological construct such as femininity?
How can I structure this question to check for availability bias?
What are the most used statistical methods in WM research besides (generalized) linear modeling?
Have different mental strengths evolved in men and women?
Are there any studies (fMRI scans, etc) showing why some people (supposedly) are more open to hypnotism?
Why clothes' color is different than it appeared in stores?
The belief becoming the self
Is there a database of disgusting images for stimuli for experimental study of disgust?
Is there a downside to using more than the typical 20/40 trials in an IAT?
Long term effects of using modafinil on cognition
Why do men have greater variance than women in mental test scores?
How many hours of speech do kids hear before learning a language?
Do ADHD drugs harm the brain?
Does 3rd person reference to self change perception of self?
Can one become addicted to learning?
Psychology: Grafitti/Grafitti Vandal(s)
What are some good references for preprocessing and analysis of the P300 response from EEG data in Python?
How to measure precision in classical test theory framework?
What's the difference between repetition suppression and habituation?
What color is this dress? -- And why do some see it as white and gold and others see it as black and blue?
Do introverts engage in too much self-control or do they lack impulsivity?
Which area of the brain was first correctly associated with a specific function?
What are the pros and cons of the hot sauce paradigm to measure aggression?
Do women talk more than men?
What is an acquired taste?
What causes someone to frequently see particular patterns of digits when they look at a clock?
Can positive self-affirmation improve mood?
Why superimposing PET data on MRI scan images instead of doing fMRI scans?
Can I use other softwares than Linger to run a self-paced reading task
Is there a term to describe the tendency to attribute the cause of a bad outcome to a recent event?
How else can we eliminate wrong underlying beliefs, when even science fails?
How did the concepts of left and right direction develop in the human mind?
Which areas of the brain make up the brain stem?
Is volition a reality or an illusion?
Is it possible to block out reality completely?
Sleep deprivation and task performance
How can Semantic Pointer Architecture be used to capture dynamical systems?
Why don't we get regular checkups for mental health, as in physical health?
Is the depletion effect of self-control reliable?
Name this partner selection experiment where participants can see the value of others but not themselves and seek to pair with high value others?
Are you more successful if you publicly commit to pursuing a difficult goal?
Are there theories on how vocabularies for the Semantic Pointer Architecture are created?
Does deep, slow breathing increase mental performance?
How to describe research on the effect of expectations on memory?
Difference in frequencies of mistakes between use of left-right vs. up-down
How is brain processing different for situation-less vs. situated emotional faces?
Optical illusions : human universal vs environmental influences
What are the brain regions related to tinnitus shown in this figure?
How does de-myelination occur in multiple sclerosis?
How does Parkinson's disease result in tremors?
What clustering algorithms are most similar to how humans cluster data?
Is there a term for enjoying or liking the feeling of guilt
Study showing how different ages of children learn about balancing objects
What's the difference between simultanagnosia and neurological extinction?
Why might a person get widely varying scores on different online IQ tests?
Is there another word for 'affective control'?
What makes disengaged participants tired / exhausted after corporate meetings?
Obsessions: Synopsis and Effects
What are the effects of the "blue eyes/brown eyes" racism exercise?
Where do you get your news?
Does pessimism lead to greater happiness because low expectations lead to less disappointment?
Is there a name for the psychology behind lowering your bets?
What is the evidence to suggest that the introvert/extrovert distinction is a shallow distinction?
Why do those with viral infections feel better after wrongly taking antibiotics?
Is there a hierarchy of gestalt visual stimuli processing?
Correlation between selfie and Narcissism
Do alpha waves vanish when I open my eyes in a dark room?
Do people "subvocalize" during thinking or "internal monologue"?
Are there working computational frameworks for human behavior and personality?
Tell-tale signs of ability to present information in clear and elegant visual form
Curved/angled geometrical forms and association with femininity/ masculinity
Does the type of informational representation of a question in a research survey affect answers?
Efficient learning strategies?
Can animals think intuitively?
Are there any reliable type descriptions for Big Five personality traits?
Why do some researcher still prefer Myers-Briggs Type Indicator over Five-Factor model?
Psychological problem with glasses and hats on head?
How valid are reaction times collected from online studies?
Are Pareto charts identified in the cognitive sciences (and for willpower in particular)?
Are there any EEG procedures currently available/in development that can formulate letters/words from deliberate, internal monologue?
What are the neural substrates of retrieval induced forgetting?
How to Focus on One thing at a time?
What is the relation between measures, constructs and concepts?
How can items from a general self-esteem/efficacy measure be changed to measure context specific self-esteem/efficacy?
What are proper EEG frequency bands and electrode placements for imagined speech?
Measuring short-term, long-term and sensory memory in adolescents?
Do 10.000 hours of practice make you an expert?
Research on the van Norden percept
rat 3D Brain Atlases
Do hints improve memorization when using spaced repetition?
Are there peer-reviewed psychology or neuroscience journal articles that include the raw data (data set)?
Can the knowledge and the tools we acquire in conscious brain become tools for the unconscious brain?
Why do humans need emotions?
How common are aromantics?
Is teacher guidance always necessary to become an expert?
How do some traumatic experiences establish deep beliefs and ideas?
Is it possible to design a visual and auditory oddball paradigm in Android?
Why does anger "cloud the mind"?
Are the center surround receptive fields learnt or inherited?
When a group of people laugh, people will instinctively look at the person they feel closest to in that group
What kind of cognitive psych journals are receptive to clinicians without any publications?
Evidence for different learning applied to negative and positive feedback
Standardizing sales data with dollar market data within USA
Why does weather often affect mood?
Does anyone know of any clinical psychology journals that use a double-blind review process?
What is the difference between "double dissociation" and simply having control and experimental groups?
Studies on games where optimal play involves losing for counterfactual gain
Should psychological checks be as frequent as physical checks to evaluate a patient's condition?
What kind of Psychometric test is this
What is the situation called where a strong party uses logical reasoning based on a flawed foundation?
What is the equivalent of a Hamming network in the NEF?
Theory about use of concept maps?
How to know whether a methodological technique is quantitative or qualitative?
Comparison between IO psychology, Arbeitspsychologie and Psychologie du travail et des organisations
Wisconsin Card Sorting task timing information
Does short-term memory decrease after working memory, or does it decrease before working memory?
Does Spaun's serial memory exhibit proactive interference and serial searching
Are there cognitive models that distinguish semantic and episodic memory?
image of eyes to brain
How do moral judgments change for older adults?
Why is empathy not a part of the Big 5 personality traits?
How does the brain physically get tired?
Evidence of 'virtually limitless' long-term memory
Why can't subjective utilities take probabilities into account?
Brain Theory and Paradigm
Conscious basis for gender identification
What mental illnesses cause different performance on the Wisconsin Card Sorting Task
Do researchers and laypeople understand statistics differently?
Does high IQ correlate with good social skills?
Spreading Activation Theory
Is it possible to bridge implicit and explicit memory?
What's the difference between executive functions and cognitive control?
What drives users to play Reddit's "The Button" game?
How to obtain well-written demographic items?
How does the brain break down visual information for processing? What "channels" is visual input broken into?
How should results from linear mixed models (LMMs) be reported?
What cognitive abilities show the smallest B-W differences in mean scores?
Does any theory explain the tendency for toddlers to desire objects held by other toddlers?
What is "Predictive Reverse Engineering" and how can it be used for understanding brain structure?
Spiritual interpretation of dreams vs. scientific interpretation of dreams
Measuring attitude towards learning another language?
Has anyone ever conducted a psychological experiment to test whether an arbitrator appointed by one party tends to judge in favour of that party?
Name of cognitive bias when you diminish one's competency based on someone else's for the same function?
Is it possible to improve interoceptive awareness/accuracy? If so, how?
Could a painful stimulus be effectively used as a learning aid?
Where can I find stimuli for steady-state visually-evoked potentials?
Ability to learn math and age of children
How can we realize when a sociological question is impossible to answer?
Is movement/activity level related to serotonin availability or reuptake rates in the brain?
Questionnaire regarding the motivation to be physically active
How to reconcile contrast model (of similarity judgment) with anchor-and-adjust?
The mind as a state of matter or physical system?
Does social interaction increase intelligence?
How much sleep is needed for peak cognitive performance?
Evolution of laughter
When using APA style citations, is it acceptable to have page numbers for everything?
Do distractors create false learning in multiple choice questions?
What is the psychological effect of wearing black clothes?
Difficulty of expressing thoughts verbally
Thinking, Fast and Slow vs. Mindfulness vs. Flow
Intuitive explanation of MBTI test and it's gender bias
Are mentally ill people more violent?
How can we scientifically measure love?
Why are counsellors not supposed to give advice or lead the client? Is it possible for a counsellor not to be leading?
Continuous Basic EEG analysis
A measure of creativity from mind maps
Is critical thinking associated with IQ?
How to measure verbal and visual working memory?
The "Backwards Bike" and implications for how we think
Can observing neutral objects prime the brain to integrate them into new ideas in the waking state?
Is there a specific name for the emotion I'm feeling?
Why does "six months" seem like a "long time" even when it isn't?
Can hypnosis stop cigarette smoking?
Which schools of psychotherapy are most credible to a hard scientist?
What is the correlation between self-monitoring and the Big 5 factors of personality?
In the theory of planned behaviour, what is the general term that captures attitudes, norms and perceived behavioural control?
Why do people look in the face or eyes while communicating?
Is it actually helpful to write todo lists?
How respected is Viktor Frankl's logotherapy among modern psychologists?
How technical can cognitive science get during a Master's?
What is the evidence for linguistic determinism?
What research has been done on brain-to-brain interfaces?
What is the best way to learn in an environment that only has delayed feedback?
How successful are modern (2015) sentiment analysis algorithms for identifying emotion?
Spontaneity as object of investigation in the cognitive sciences
What is the phenomenon that one can recognize a movie after seeing a scene for a fraction of second called?
Is there scientific evidence that narcissists cannot be treated?
Is there a way to compare the subjective experiences of two different subjects upon an object?
Is the weight of neural inputs in the human brain as central as it is for neurons in an artifical neural network?
What is the difference between creators of derivative works of art and original creators?
What are the key dates for the development of operant conditioning?
Is it easy in languages other than English to read a paragraph where all but the first and last letters of every word have been rearranged?
Does working memory have a role in creativity?
How can fear be a positive emotion?
Reading words without pronunciation
Is there a relationship between body composition and intelligence?
What is the difference between behavioral science and cognitive science?
Does thinking out loud negatively affect one's ability to think internally?
How to get started in Cognitive Science?
How are humans able to read scrambled text/characters (e.g., CAPTCHA)?
Does a recent general review of recurrent neural networks exist?
Would administering oxytocin in games of deception improve performance?
How does the group that is not stressed and not reactivated act as a control for time in Schwabe & Wolf 2010?
What is general fluid intelligence?
Does knowledge of tests like Iowa Gambling and Wisconsin Card-Sorting task enable a person to fake the test?
How is the type of memory that is passed through generations called?
Psychological effects on quality assessments
How similar are the brains of twins?
Does an action potential abolish an excitatory postsynaptic potential?
Is consciousness a sub product of the brain or is there a duality?
Neurobiology of addiction recovery
Why might mindfulness and meditation lead to anger and anxiety?
Is it possible to erase problematic memories?
Do readers consider the passive voice as more authoritative?
Simultaneous DTI, structural MRI and 1H-MRS - Are there any examples of this?
What are some examples of controversial themes in psychology?
Do people struggle to empathise with people who are very different to them?
What are the psychological differences in camelCase and underscore_case programming conventions?
Do males or females have a greater fear of deception?
Slices and aquisition of fMRI
Can stress or training influence the perception of time?
Is Contrarian a Psychology Problem?
(Co)Registration in the preprocessing pipeline
Why do difficult-to-learn subjects seem easier in retrospect?
What are your thoughts on Accelerated Resolution Therapy?
How did Fechner justify the assumption that the just-noticeable-difference in sensation is constant?
What is the subjective wellbeing instrument that is used by Science of Happiness for check-ins?
Is there evidence for cross-cultural differences in problem solving skills?
Can cats get depressed in a way similar to humans?
Does a short nap improve learning efficiency?
Are males more likely to view homosexuals as mentally ill than females?
When is Mindfulness Based Cognitive Therapy not useful, or bad?
How to measure improvement in Mental Acuity/Sharpness?
Does sensory deprivation affect cognitive abilities?
Is there a way to have strangers tag my images?
reliability of fmri and pet
Can a depressed person experience the sense of happiness?
Tactile perception of printed advertising materials and brand image
What is the opposite of an insult for the purposes of triggering lasting positive affect?
Why is chess considered special for educating a mindful person?
Are there psychiatric medications that have an anti-tolerance effect?
How to recognize people with high need for cognition?
Can emotional IQ be learned?
fMRI images: In-plane resolution, slice thickness
Classical conditioning paradigm for hippocampal learning
Have any drugs been shown to increase the neuroplasticity of adult brains?
Is there explanation of persistent laziness?
Does Big 5 measure preferences for physical activity?
Are brain sub-divisions based off embryonic development used when describing mature brains?
Why is the order of white/grey matter different in the brain and spinal cord?
Does being read to improve reading speed?
Why is it that only humans commit suicide?
Is there any good Cognitive Architecture to model intelligent tutoring system?
What's the difference between metaphor and conceptual blending?
Is the average IQ still 100?
Where can I find decent descriptions for each Big5 facet?
Practical ways to increase Mental alertness?
What benefit is there to playing highly repetitive games?
How close is it to reality in future of consciousness to be transferable as shown in the movie Chappie?
What are the highest ranked neuroscience journals that use double-blind review process?
Does our brain react as if we were physically hurt when we are lied to?
Why do we lose control momentarily?
Where can I find online interactive versions of classic experiments in psychology for the purposes of teaching?
Thinking Fast and Slow: Similarity of Linda problem and Dinnerware case
Conditioning and Contingency
Open magnetic resonance imaging datasets on psychosis?
What are the conditions of deliberate practice?
Are psychology students more neurotic than the general population?
Is there a way to use a STDP learning rule on rate-based neurons?
Can a person be brilliant even though slow at resolving problems?
What does the death of a fictional character mean?
Quick responses/Time & lintelligence
How do I get out of depression
What is the correct scientific term of having a short-term or long-term mindset (in the field of health and healthy lifestyle)?
Do repeated measures designs in cognitive research permit causal inference?
Is our attention attracted by bright lights?
Why do I see those static pictures as they are moving
Why does marijuana cause anxiety?
How to test whether a person is Left-Eared or Right-Eared?
How does the physical brain know about qualia?
Paul Ekman suggests that in near-accidents, fear motivates people to hit their car brakes. Is the fear response fast enough to do this?
The roots of Online Altruism
Why do people feel attracted by hard to get people?
Is there any limitation in our ability to come up with a theory or hypothesis to understand brain?
Are there any free online questionnaire/survey sites that also measure the time it takes for participants to answer each question?
Applications and Limitations of EEG Electrode Pooling - Averaging across time series
Where in the Big5 does shyness belong?
Hebbian Learning - Understanding Simultaneous Firing
What is the role of stress in the process of behaviour change (lifestyle)?
Is there evidence to suggest that the different and contrasting behaviours we collectively call 'sensitive' have a common root cause?
What is "Attention" in terms of brain activity?
Ranking of produced "brain fatigue" from different mind intensive activities
Brain-computer interface with EEG: how to name imaginary movement of a non-self object?
Does motivation and interest correlate highly with IQ and can someone be smart but perform poorly in a particular field?
If a human brain would be placed inside that of an animal: Could it talk?
How are Bayesian models implemented in the NEF?
Combining unbiased hit rates
Do people perceive opacity of a color linearly?
How do afternoon naps fit in with segmented sleep?
Is inhibitory brain circuitry involved in cross-modal sensory perception?
How to compare cumulative sleep debts?
Generate 2D grid with alternation probability
What are the main theories that account for why some people like X and others not?
What is the neurophysiological mechanism behind double hearing?
Is it possible to train the brain to percieve two different activities occuring at the same time as seperate activities?
Result of local stimulation in brain
Tests of Semantic Memory suitable for 10 to 18 year old
Relation between NEF and synchronous explanation of cognition
Analyzing movement data for a checkerboard
What's the optimal type of exercise to increase BDNF
Qualitative scoring for responses to design fluency task
Are adult negativity or resentment related to an infant crying for attention?
Analysis of RTs when speed-accuracy trade-off leading to ceiling accuracy has occurred
Studies of how people learn to solve puzzles
Talk for lay audience: determining private traits and attributes from online behaviour
Is modality-specific working memory capacity correlated within individuals?
Is it possible to master two different typing keyboard layouts?
Are there any studies on links between clothing style and personality?
Optimal way to choose a number to be close to a randomly generated number
Computer-based cognitive tests
Ways to treat disorganized thinking, other than pharmacotherapy
Hearing Loss and Potentially hearing more
How do cognitive scientists measure creativity?
Difference between active and passive touch?
Can a person remember so much details as the guy in the Camus' Stranger?
What exactly is an astroglial calcium wave?
Has the inverted spectrum thought experiment ever been conducted (and if not, why)?
Anti-psychotic medication withdrawal-induced psychosis
Can having multiple personalities help productivity and decision making under pressure?
Spontaneous muscle twitching?
Does synesthesia lack symmetry?
Does self-compassion have negative consequences?
How does oxygen deprivation affect neural activity?
What are the different branches of Psychoanalysis?
How should I report results of a likelihood ratio test?
Can someone clarify whether the term "heuristic" as used in psychology can be used to refer to an intentionally chosen strategy?
Are results of various cognitive tests meaningless if the subject has achieved them through training?
How Do Those With Antisocial Personality Disorder Fair In Solitary Confinement?
Is there a graph with extroversion-introversion score on one axis and IQ on the other?
Are there any mental activites that can be detrimental for intelligence?
Paradox or contradiction?
Brain's differences in introverts vs. extroverts
What personality traits correlate with estrogen?
Why do people bite their nails even when they do not want to?
Is it really possible to "go too deep inside the killer's mind"?
Is continuous split or meta - awareness a scientifically supported concept?
How to interpret intelligence test scores for an individual who has taken a test multiple times in quick succession?
Is there any connection between visual processing ability and social skills?
Research on aversion to cognitive effort?
Is perceived time compressed or expanded while dreaming? (or does it match reality)
Comparison of assessments of cognitive skills in children
What projective tests are available for a child and family assessment?
Consumer vs creator, what are the differences?
Correlation between BIS and BAS responses
Are there any studies on correlations between eye movements and personality?
Is there a rating scale in psychology that is related to happiness?
What other personality traits are proved to correlate with Self-discipline?
What Big5 facets correlate with practical sense?
What studies can tell me more about Big5 facet O3?
Why do we procrastinate?
When can we say that machines are conscious?
What would explain an intense feeling of being extremely present, for no reason?
Flow diagram of how information flows through the brain?
Why do we like stories?
Can I teach my brain to understand binary?
What physical process governs which details are retained in memory?
Are there gender differences in color discrimination ability?
How does recognizing an answer differ from creating an answer to a question?
In what areas is kindergarten most effective developmentally?
Is there a biological limit for "amount" of happiness?
Does sitting idle for one month without work leads to depression?
Does classical music enhance intelligence in children more than other genres?
How does a language deprived person think?
What is the name of the scientific study of hypothesis formation?
Does creativity have a neurological basis independent of the art form used to express it?
Do the deaf read faster?
How does an animal learn what a predator is?
How come we see a line when there isn't one in this picture?
How does PRIMs solve the binding problem?
Role of declarative memory in learning skill
Strengthened Inhibitory Connections Between Neurons
Brain Wave Research PTSD, Depression
How to explain/name the "Feeling gigantic" sensation?
Is spiritual enlightenment a valid way attempting to understand the universe and consciousness
In NEURON simulator, what is the command for "Init & Run" button?
In NEURON simulator, how can I save the values of a graph to a file?
Analyze subconscious/unconscious scientifically
How is ADHD different to internet/social media/information addiction?
Mental illness vs mental condition vs mental disorder
What effects does multitasking have on comprehension and memory of audiobooks/speech?
What is different between children and adults that cause children to forgive so quickly?
Transmission of beliefs through networks
Does Wim Hof really consciously control his autonomic nervous system?
In NEURON simulator, how do you pan and zoom a plotted graph?
Scientific name for the phrase: "The first image is the image that stays"
Word for the opposite of “hypochondriasis”
Are action potentials necessary for experience?
Are new memories stored in new neurons generated in the hippocampus?
Why do humans cry?
If you sleep during the day, do you need less sleep at night?
Do people low on agreeableness swear more?
How do you make psychology experiments?
Which intervention improves the ability to remember names the most?
How long does the trace of a memory last in the brain?
Where to find recent most important studies and researches?
Cognitive arguments as rationalizations of emotional processes that preceded them?
Is the logic of "Herrnstein's syllogism" sound, and are its premises true?
Can memorising a new thing erase existing memories?
Lifelong avoidance coping style
Taking into account reliability of Raven's Matrices and Self Monitoring tests
Is psychological shock a valid construct?
How can psychometric or behavioural tests be used in banking to evaluate creditworthiness?
Madness from Depression
Are people who are very "aware" of the world that way because their brains are more advanced or les advanced?
Could ketosis be therapeutic for ADHD based on the neuro-energetic theory of attention?
Thinking consciously or unconsciously - Any difference in brain scan?
What is the relationship between top-down mechanism and priming the visual system in the following experiment?
Why do we train the threshold as a weight in neural networks?
Objective test for self-awareness?
What kind of journal 'The Journal of Neuroscience Methods' is?
What is the relationship between perceived difficulty and mistakes/errors?
Is it conceivable that even basic human behavior is genetically determinined only to a very limited extent?
What is the relationship between the ego, amygdala and consciousness?
Which format of secret would be the most efficient for human memory?
Is gender biologically or socially determined?
Why does appreciation make us happy?
How to train our brain to see everything in slow motion?
What is happening when i focus my attention on a particular body part?
Why would I be asked to count backwards by 3, from 100 in a psychological test?
Can humans really successfully multitask?
Would courts sentence differently if we used a different numeral system?
What is the role of Chloride (Cl- ions) in membrane potential?
What is the relationship between dopamine and mathematical ability (if any)?
Does high IQ give cause to doubt an ADHD diagnosis?
How do neurons decide how to alter their output signals?
Research that shows that people infer causation from correlation
According to Yalom, what mental disorders are caused by inefficient anxiety coping strategies?
Parasite that takes over cognitive functions
How does it come about that specific areas of the brain are associated with specific functions?
Gratitude and Affection
Intentionally making ourselves remember things that never happened
Why do I forget important things and remember things that I don't care about?
Are younger people less capable of driving?
What are the consequences of prolonged cognitive dissonance?
How long does it take to learn to cane travel?
What are the IQ correlations between relatives?
Are the human cerebral hemispheres only connected via the corpus callosum?
Personality trait in which the person's style is evident regardless of the situation?
How does one respond to an ADD/ADHD diagnosis of one's self or one's child?
How much communication is -really- verbal?
How is doing a manipulation check different from doing the analysis on the main dependent variable?
Why did humans develop the "sense of humour"?
Why do people who stutter have less difficulty singing than speaking?
Is there any research into the effect of stand up desks on hyperactive symptoms?
Can Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS), or a magnets cap make you smarter?
Do users of pictographically represented languages users have the same rates of dyslexia and dysgraphia?
Why does Asperger's Syndrome seem to overlap with high IQ?
How common is the form of amnesia depicted in fictional works?
What is the mechanism behind one's fascination in a topic or subject?
How are psychological bio-markers discovered?
Full list of the capabilities of human brain
Is there a disorder that causes one to give inanimate objects human emotions?
If ADHD is caused by brain structure, why isn't analysis of brain structure used to diagnose it?
What do the weights of an artificial neural network represent in biological neurons?
Can rationalization be objectively recognized?
Do subjects with a missing cerebellum have a superior ability to verbalize motion sequences?
Moral Foundations Theory and trigger word combinations
Python MNE - reading EEG data from array
What's the optimal way to space out rewards in order to maximise motivation?
Is the Flynn effect in conflict with other studies of intelligence heritablity?
Is it ethically appropriate for a client to buy their psychologist a gift?
Do introverted people have more emotional stress?
What explains involuntary imitation of behavior such as shrugging?
Is it easier/faster to recognise digits or written words?
How strong is the correlation between selfies and narcissism?
What cognitive bias is it when an (ideally objective) evaluation is influenced by the prior opinion of another person?
Is fear in response to the sight of predators innate or acquired?
How do hormones influence personality?
Is there a term for not recognizing that other people think differently, or projecting your thought patterns on others?
How do you analyse visual analogue scales with an ambiguous response?
How big is the psychological impact of having no friends?
What's the difference between short term memory and working memory?
Consciousness - on/off switch or spectrum?
Is it easier/faster to recognise digits or written words?
What is the effect of gradual increase of speech speed on speech comprehension?
Does adult neurogenesis occur only in the olfactory bulb and the hippocampus?
What does it mean to say that mental illness is a modern-day leprosy?
How to examine person's awareness of a certain topic?
Are the physical sensations of an emotion due to neural activity strictly in the brain or also in the body?
Using IT to quickly make a simulated brain
Is depression caused by life events?
What is this forward-looking Déjà Vu-like phenomenon?
What role (if any) does verbal intelligence play in one's aptitude for science or mathematics?
Do you ever think self diagnosis is called for?
Handwriting analysis by profession (muscular control) - Athletes, musicians, etc
Contemporary Resources on Cognitive Science of Typing
Can people with absolute pitch identify the exact frequency, or simply the pitch class?
Predictive Experiments on Neuroscience of Free Will
What is commonly known as 'love'?
Is thinking with language efficient?
EEG Alpha waves during eyes open mindfulness training - any research on this subject
Are there models of single neurons on slow timescales?
Does mastering a foreign language strengthen the pre-frontal cortex?
Is there a term that describes the behaviour of a person which transfers personal problems to other people and tries to solve them there?
How does obedience correlate with the Big 5 factors of personality?
What is the effect of listening to music on walking?
Where does action based on thought originate within the human brain?
When was statistics used in psychology research first?
What can clinical psychologists do that psychiatrists can't do?
Why does video footage of walking look unnatural when viewed upside down?
How can we be formed by our childhood's environment if we don't remember much of it?
Could hysteria make people develop true symptoms of some disease without actually being sick of that disease?
Are humans biologically wired to lie?
EEG data processing: large data file seems empty
Does exposure to verbal abuse increases emotional stability?
Human memory - remembering sequences of letters vs numbers
Calculate criterion values for each confidence level (within SDT)
Is it better to study multiple subjects simultaneously or focus on one subject intensely at a time?
Where can I find Gaming Experience Questionnaire (GEQ) ?
Reference request: the necessity of constraints in learning
Can humans keep track of two unrelated rhythms?
What are 'gap junctions' (electrical synapses) for?
What's the effect of color on responses to a Likert scale?
Reinforcement learning for combining production rules
Why do some people react verbally to intrusive thoughts and/or embarrassing memories?
Is it possible to be clinically obsessed with school?
What is "perceptual competence"?
Are all conscious experiences stored as memories?
Which animals are thought to possess some degree of a theory of mind?
Are there any conditions or disorders not related to intelligence that might prevent an adult human from possessing a theory of mind?
How common is it for twins conjoined at the head to share thoughts and visual stimuli?
Is there a less colloquial term for the phenomenon known as "brain zaps"?
Is there any credible evidence for the theory of Spiral Dynamics?
What happens in the brain upon a subsequent exposure to a desired stimulus within a short time?
What is Psychoanalysis
What is the opposite of the Bandwagon Effect?
Has fiction or the study of fiction ever made meaningful contributions to Psychology?
Have there been tests used to measure one's perception of how creative something is?
In psychophysics, why are log luminance rather than absolute luminance values reported?
Role of hormones in behaviour
What is the definition of song in the speech to song illusion?
Do ADHD exams necessarily test ADHD or merely ADHD-PI?
What's the difference between perseveration and hyperfocus?
Do psychopaths shun physical touch?
What is the mechanism behind recurring or looping thoughts?
How can reaction times be measured, and what affects it?
How does listening to music decrease stress?
Let's say I have an MRI scan of my brain. What exactly can I learn from it?
A definition of hatred towards your own nation
Derren Brown: "Paying with paper". Assuming legitimacy, is this simply ideomotor suggestion?
What is the importance of Dissociation (Both Double/Single) in a Distributed Hierarchical Organisational model of brain function?
Does schizophrenia cause a loss of intelligence?
Can adhd and ocd coexist? Is it in the same way mania and depression can coexist (in bipolar disorder)?
Are ADHD and OCD under some type of mental illness?
Is it ok to use test's sensitivity and specificity from other countries?
Does adopting personal routines accelerate cognitive decline?
Is psychology a science?
Self CBT techniques and strategy
How did Derren Brown (a hypnotist) do the "how to influence dreams" act?
Are men subject to optimism bias when it comes to assessing their sexual/romantic appeal?
Is cortical magnification in the visual system related to synaptic pruning, or is it a separate developmental or learning process?
Can we use a scale even if one of the answer levels was not added?
How many diagnosable mental disorders are included in the DSM?
Why do we have so much neurological research on and treatment designed for dyslexia, yet less so for dyscalculia?
Are there any movies or series involving someone with ADHD?
How can Bayesian inference improve upon logistic regression in incorporating psychometric data?
"top-down" and "bottom-up" processes
How to begin neural network Programming
What skills or mental proceses improve understanding of longer written sentences?
Do children really show brand preference at age 2?
Why do we always wake up at the climax of our dreams, even when it is an alarm that wakes us?
Are polytheistic society more peaceful than monotheistic ones?
Are there emotions that motivate pattern completion?
Studies on the appreciation of works of art
Any research into "intelligence" really out of sync with iq?
Neurophysiological mappings of empathy
How does robot-assisted autism therapy compare to traditional autism therapy?
What is happening neurochemically when we seek to reduce stress by taking aggressive action?
How are real life events translated into dream symbolism?
Is there a standard definition of a "hallucination"?
How do we know bipolar is one illness rather than two comorbid illnesses?
Is it possible to develop immunity to mental health drugs?
How is gender variance classified in the cognitive sciences?
Brain extraction and save images as .img file
SaccadeAngular velocity Matlab
is it true that people who code think differently?
Where to publish a short (mathematical) neuroscience article?
How to get anatomical masks?
Dual systems theory: in what sense are the systems 'unreal'?
What is the proper term: optical Illusions or visual illusions?
Is there such a thing as word synonyms?
What Cognitive/Psychology Theories Are Behind The "Mind Control" Magics?
Does the Structured Clinical Interview for the DSM contain a Global Assessment of Functioning measure?
Why don't people listen to smart people?
Behavioral and mood differences between D1 and D2 dophamine receptors action in context of monogamy and out of it
How fast can the brain react in order for someone to pull a trigger?
Is D-Cycloserine available on the market
Does anyone know how to explain Quinian bootstrapping process by Carey to a layperson (like me)?
How to make a comparative analysis between the decision-making robots and human?
Why are children afraid of the dark?
How to convert .tlrc file to .orig file?
Why are some people good at algebra and bad at geometry and vice versa?
Are the language and sound centres of the brain in the same area?
Are there studies about religious belief similar to the ones about superstition among animals?
What is the key elements that make westerners have some better characteristics over asian
lovemap concept
Why cerebellar input fibers use 2 ways to send a siganl to DCN?
Do people who experience a psychotic episode ever go back to normal?
Why some people do not perform well with ambiguity and uncertainty?
Why is my SPM batch job printing a warning repeatedly?
Is the fight or flight response considered voluntarily or involuntarily?
How does a human classify or cluster data?
Are there any ways to increase dopamine and serotonin levels when working or learning something complex?
Does intentionally being aware of an emotion or thought pattern increase the incidence of that thought pattern?
Avoiding Cognitive dissonance,is it a necessity?
Do men have a higher sex drive than women?
How would slowed message over the reflex arc work?
Is the split-brain, dual consciousness experiment from Rhawn Joseph valid?
The prisoner dilemma does not violate classical probability laws
How to write a neuroscience research abstract?
High Density Signal Meaning
What is the difference between Psychology, and Thymology?
Interpretation & Actual Result of "10% of your brain" Myth
Adaptation to Discrete Perturbation in Sleep?
What happens in your brain when you see a dinosaur in this stenographic image?
Why is my mind working against me?
Attributing change in DV to IV manipulation: between-groups (control group) vs mixed-model (pre&post measure)
Are Free Will and Motivation related?
Source of sensory data related to cognitive effort
Is it possible to run Psychtoolbox or PsychoPy on Raspberry Pi 2 for simple perceptual experiments?
Is semantic pointer architecture compatible with a predictive coding account of the brain?
Is psychology a science or magic?
Processing Inverted English Script
How is saccadic movement managed in the brain?
Why does even the most rational brain forget logic in a dream?
What is the underlying genetic basis for ADHD?
Do antidepressants reduce displays of anger prevalent in those diagnosed with ADHD?
What is the relationship between anger management difficulties and ADHD?
Why ADHD instead of ADD? / Why predominantly hyperactive-impulsive instead of predominantly-impulsive?
How are friend pairs similar in terms of personality and individual differences?
Are there innate differences between men's and women's behavior?
What brain areas are involved in memorizing sections of a song?
What problem-solving skills are essential for the Allen AI Science Challenge?
Why do I enjoy low-mid level pain?
Any link between IQ and a person's ability to create or mimic sounds?
Why is Wernike's area of the brain called Wernike's area?
The disadvantages of high IQ
Why do we talk unconsciously while sleeping
Can a brain be modeled as a simplified interaction of different states and their triggers?
Manipulating behavior with External Attribution
How do some humans seemingly naturally have positive or mitigated appraisal of stressful events?
Do online mental age tests have any scientific validity?
Are there studies on the effect of nicotine patches on dream vividness and dream recall?
For comprehension and critical thinking examinations, is recognition sufficient, or is recall more imperative for success?
How should medication for the treatment of ADHD symptoms be calibrated?
How separate are the left and right hemisphere vasculature?
The NART as a measure of premorbid IQ in serious mental illness
How much power, in watts, does the brain use?
Types of thinking
Is intelligence (or mental ability) genetically transferred (inherited characteristic) from the parent to the offspring or is it an acquired trait?
Quantifying chromatic adaptations made by the brain
Empirical proof for social network models
Quit smoking supported by mental training
How long does it take for electrical impulses from neurons to travel in the human brain?
Selective Attention v. Sensory Adaptation
How do lay people develop psychological theories about themselves and the world?
How many possible states does a brain have?
Is Fidgeting good or not according to cognitive sciences?
What is the psychological term for disregarding correct but unwanted information?
How to build a high sensitivity EEG headset for continual monitoring?
Is there a specific term for false justifications?
Is gaming more addictive than watching movies or tv shows?
How does one distinguish BPD anger from ADHD anger?
How can automatic processing be estimated in an editing task?
What makes some things difficult or easy to understand?
Intelligence and Poor Performance
What if swarm of ants is a metamind?
Does smoking counterbalance the effect of Belladonna?
Are there any studies that were able to localize Fusiform Face Area (FFA) for face processing using EEG source localization algorithms?
Why are the founding figures of major religious faiths credited with superhuman qualities?
Does this recent twin study contradict Anders Erricson's view on the hereditary basis of talent?
Can anyone see what is wrong with this implementation of the Pinsky-Rinzel model in Brian2?
Academic Background for Switchtracking Phenomenon
Why did Karl Popper criticize Freud's theories?
Can memory access be detected via fMRI?
Is speed up of arithmetic calculations as a result of memorisation?
What is the name for the cognitive bias that ignores that extreme symptoms always tend to get less extreme?
Is there a term for behaving to the opposite extreme of a way one has been forced to behave?
Is there any objective proof of Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs
What are the most effective psychological techniques for unlearning information
How to display Talairach Image in AFNI correctly?
In ACT-R difference between declarative and working memory
Have there been any studies into language development in the blind?
How do I convert RGB indexes under luminance condition L (from photometry) to a perceptually scaled equivalent (e.g. CIECAM02)?
Is there a difference between ADD and ADHD?
Best ways to improve memory
How exactly do "you" think and interact with your body?
Does playing video games increase attention and learning agility, therefore career performance
Does the International Affective Picture System (IAPS) contain weapon stimuli?
Do unschooled persons think differently from us (schooled persons)? How?
Effect of enactive cognition on gender
Does human to human interface carry the same information from the brain
Why who is aministering the power pretends to be right?
Two possibilites to increase the effect of binaural beats
Why do we require social interaction/engagement?
Children's progression from counting to addition
Research on time-saving/ preferences?
Brain anatomy- hippocampus and amygdala positions
Does individual understanding or perception, determine dream lucidity?
Why do we wake up from sleep (from a dream) as soon as we figure out reality?
Is the hypothalamus part of the limbic system?
Relationship between processing speed and IQ in twice exceptional children
What is the general frequency (or range of frequencies) of "sparks" in the human brain per minute and at what locations?
Color and shape arriving together in visual system
do monkeys imitate humans sometimes just for fun?
Is it physically possible to laugh while being angry?
Does limiting one's trivial decisions free more energy for bigger decisions?
Have EEG signals in auditory speech perception task have ever been analyzed for correlation with auditory stimuli itself?
How does psychoanalytic theory explain the way in which projection works?
Why people assign blame to deliberate act?
If we do not consciously perceive a sound at a time, can we sometimes still later consciously recall it?
How does one identify relevant variables when performing research on perception?
Drawing Parallels Between Finance and Psychology: A Psychology Metaphor
Searching for gender stereotype questionnaire specific to central europe
What's the opposite of major depressive disorder?
Can one depressive episode be enough to prescribe antidepressants?
Neurotransmitter detection in the brain
What are some examples of psychology studies with tiny effect sizes and tiny p-values that are good for teaching?
What is the relationship between rejection sensitive dysphoria and ADHD?
How does masturbation influence your brain and dreams?
Difference vs. Ratio of evidence in sequential sampling models
What happens to our emotions when we tell ourselves stories(rationalization + analyzing)?
What's the difference between stereotypes, prejudice and discrimination?
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy 101
Can speech dysarthria occur in schizophrenia without other neurological or medication-induced disruptions?
Best ways to remember dreams
What happens to brain during meditation?
Neuroanatomical mapping of production compilation
Where is neurogenesis absent/uncommon in the human brain?
Is neuroplasticity limited to the cerebral cortex in the brain?
What is the limitation of Biosocial Theory developed by Linehan?
What factors influence a person or group of people's empathy toward another group?
Literacy and other traits of social network users vs. the larger society
Is the brain inherently social?
How do children understand the concept of number size?
Progressed smoothly in a game while not paying attention
Searching for a gender stereotype questionnaire
cleanIAT function in R IAT package
What are some things that may explain feeling on "auto-pilot" the majority of the time in life?
A list of books on the big ideas of psychology
Moral neuroscience
The amount of information in a human brain
How is information stored in the brain
Can good life experiences make for great life achievements?
link between top-down (bottom-up) processing and cortex layers
Threshold time for stimulus to be consciously perceived. Why?
Able to type promptly, but doubt validity when spelling it out?
Why some people feel their skin itching when they're told about insects and no insects happen to be nearby?
Database of EEG signal phenomenon
Why do people talk (or communicate)?
Is there any publicly available algorithms for Neurofeedback using EEG?
Link between certain aspects of basic behavioural traits
What are the original paper(s)/reference(s) using lateral inhibition to explain simultaneous contrast?
The article "Vector reconstruction from Firing Rates" of Abbott and Salinas
Do dreams repeat/continue? Or is it just a perception that a dream repeated?
Peer relationships measurement
Why do we need Life Partner?
Could brainwaves be the fenomena gives rise to consciousness
Interpretation of facts in dream
Does inhibiting automatic processing requires attention?
Why vision cannot count things instantly?
Books about trust
What psychological disorders have frequent and rapid anger outbursts?
Where are intrinsically bursting neurons found in the mammalian brain?
What tradeoffs are there between internal and external validity?
Why do many parents prevent children from being exposed to anything sex-related?
Learning to think?
Can I use Mechanical Turk for a longitudinal study?
Epigenetics and serotonin (amygdala threat response)?
What is forward masking
Is it possible for any arbitrary able bodied human to develop exceptional cognitive talent & genius across multiple disciplines?
Neural nets for cognition
Biofeedback and Neurofeedback: Scams or Real?
How liking and disliking mechanism is developed?
Put a fixation cross on top of a image in Expyriment?
Possibility of increasing brain speed
What Ethical and Legal Provisions Release One from "Mandatory Reporting"?
How much of brain power consumption is for information
Math understanding: intuitions and proofs
Asian Languages Math Advantage
Are there any precise design principles for artificial connectomes or neural networks?
Environmental factors that predict theism
Does the retina contribute in distinguishing lines and borders?
Do living beings of different sizes perceive time differently?
Recent psychophysical studies using the "Method of Adjustment"?
Does neuroticism go hand in hand with introversion?
Islam and participation in acts of political violence
How does the order of words influence our ability to remember a question once it's asked again?
Improving observation, attention to detail in mental imagery
Does spanking a child teach them that it's ok for another person to touch them against their will?
Are there mental states that make the mind more susceptible to other negative mental states?
What causes the sensation of taste when Dimethyl Sulfoxide (DMSO) is absorbed through the skin?
Quest procedure convergence after random answers
Why is it that some (yet not all) people may struggle to retain information unrelated to what they are interested in?
Do some people possess more or more active mirror neurons than others?
Structural neuroimaging processing with FreeSurfer or SPM?
Do people (under)value free stuff?
Does Stockholm syndrome have an equivalent for victims of stalking?
Is it possible to present/perceive information objectively?
Can depression be faked?
In what ways do our brains use compression?
Can dendrite spines fire action potential toward the soma?
Is emotional processing lateralised in the brain?
How do I choose what I think?
Do cognitive distortions not exist at all in non-depressed people?
Why am I more "musically" creative in the last 30 seconds before falling asleep?
Suggestion for wearable EEG headset
Why doesn't the brain get into infinite loops when being queried?
Intrapersonal drawbacks of landscaped open spaces
How much our visual limitations are instrument(eye)-based, and how much are they brain-based?
Is it possible to be completely impartial when considering yourself?
What personality disorders is schema therapy successfully used for?
Batch converting .img files to .mgz in FreeSurfer
Can brainwaves from EEG be used to measure enjoyment of media?
Re-arrangement of brain's functions
Paradoxical senses of scale: Are they common or is it just me?
Is there an emotional equivalent of Somatoparaphrenia?
TOTE: Desired vs perceived state = Fight or flight
How to import images used to analysis in SPM to FreeSurfer
Is truth serum used in any psychiatric or psychoanalytic practices?
What is a good beginner's book to read to get a greater understanding of neuroscience?
Are there theories which explain why human beings form and sustain a self-image?
Term for neurotic covert behavior
The explaination of definition of learning
Why do we wake up when we die in our dreams?
Does the brain have a 'debugging mode'?
How long should one study daily in order to avoid burnout?
Why do we say, "Oh!" when we are surprised?
Are there specific neurotransmitters for specific sensations?
Do dissolving myelinated connections explain learning?
Discovery of “Functions of Brain”
Any ideas about the neural mechanism underlying the ASMR sensation?
Does sleep = consciousness, unconsciousness or something else?
Which part of the brain is not working optimally if an individual is unable to understand scientific concepts and mathematics?
Is there terminology for perceptual illusions at the moment that figure-ground reversal occurs?
Research on Distribution of Enneagram Types in a Given Profession
Are people with high willpower more likely to succeed at keeping a diet then people with lower willpower?
Do psychiatrists have educational requirements other than an MD?
What is the name of the phobia of dams?
Technical term for the displaying of 'bad' traits to seem more likeable
Understanding/Helping an Entrenched "Conspiracy Theorist"
What if he hates me for telling?
Are some of the new age proponents in psychosis?
Bootstrapping in Psychology
What is definition of "excessive correlation" is Michael Persinger using?
Is it possible to increase the capacity of human brain like “Lucy”?
Imagination limits
psychologically , which color for which lesson?
Are there any pain scales which measure how much of the body is in pain?
What are the estimates in total neurons and average connections per neuron for each of the processing areas of the visual cortex?
Changing Voluntary to Involuntary by will
How do reward signals strengthen synaptic connections in the human brain?
Where can I find good references about the neuronal connections in various areas in the cortex?
Self-study guide for translating a psychological scale
Can "acceptance" become a Defense Mechanism?
Why are autistic people more likely to be savants than nonautistic people?
What is the best way to turn EEG scans in to 3D images?
How do mammals estimate the speed of moving objects?
Finding the anterior comissure to set origin in a SPECT image using SPM/ISAS
How to install MARSBAR toolbox in SPM12?
Name the bias when one attributes all group successes to the individual they're in contact with the most
Scientifically Proven Positive habits hacks
Cognitive Techniques to train Working Memory?
Is there any way to calculate the cumulative width of synaptic clefts?
Is there a name for "loopback teaching" technique (explaining something to yourself to learn it)?
Open access 7T resting-state fMRI dataset
How useful are neural circuits in psychology?
Text-to-brain literature?
Interpretation of results on the studies of "Moral Hypocrisy"
How can you learn to engage in highly focused thinking for a sustained period of time?
What is the current status of neuroeducation?
Is there a disorder that causes one to feel heat from an inanimate object?
What is a good software/hardware combination for biofeedback monitoring that includes GSR, GSM, HRV, and EEG?
Is there a neural network model of Pavlovian Learning?
Way to influence readers subconscious to memorize technical data?
Can you override priming?
What is subvocalization good for?
What are threshold symptoms and sub-threshold symptoms?
What do depressants treat? Are they used in bipolar to treat mania?
Chunking and learning vocabulary
Can anyone provide a modern source for the average college student IQ of 115?
Is self-infallibility a mental disorder?
Is there a reasonable scientific backing for Carl Jung's type theories?
How are our tastes created?
How large is a neurotransmitter? Max and min sizes?
Anonymity creates an environment full of bullies?
If someone gets "too much" attention, does it expose his/her to mental illness?
What is the relationship with power, justice, and respect?
Is there a research on correlation between honesty and success?
Can hate to same gender parent cause homosexualism?
How would the blind experience a hallucinogen like LSD?
Do synapses have special types?
Do bullies pick on sociopaths?
Are a lot of highly logical people (such as mathematicians) prone to depression?
Is gambling hereditary?
Do we pick partner most similar to opposite-sex parent?
Increasing pitch perception of the same auditory stimuli
How do we learn to count syllables?
Are there distinct visual perception themes that have been recognized in dreams?
How can neuronal networks with local learning rules predict their future inputs?
Role of shared gaze/joint attention in infants for the development of executive function
Limitations of Neural Engineering Framework (NEF)
Does exercise substantially affect bloodflow to brain
Provable ROI for call center rest periods?
relation of substantive/verb to declarative/procedural memory
Why does learning new mental skills lead to headaches?
What is it about Ken Reid's style of drawing lumps on surfaces [shown here] that makes our visual system so easily interpret it?
Why are people so attached to their possessions?
Could one use priming (from realistic images to drawings thereof) to help teach the conventions of line drawing?
Does nlp have a dependency on a subject having strong visualisation skills?
Are axons in the brain weighted?
Can two neurons in the brain be connected more than once?
What is known about the information that's passed upwards within the neocortex?
Why do pupils dilate in response to emotional state?
What is the psychology behind addictive video games?
What advantages does a neuron with multiple dendrites have?
Cognitive Models of learning Working Memory usage
Do we have an "internal timer" when taking naps?
Which paper or book from cognitive science do you think everyone should read or know about, and why?
Conducting brain stimulation at home
Do school teachers demand more from their children than other students?
How to foster an environment for appreciation
Can authority urge person to commit suicide?
Understanding the difference between empathy and need for social contact in this article on empathetic voles
What is the effectiveness of self-prescribed marijuana for depression?
Toolbox for modelling visual search performance
How do I make myself think before I act?
Understanding neuronal firing in the context of Spike Timing Dependent Plasticity
Categorization of Lewin's Work
Can suggestion change memories?
Is there a tag for those create exhaustive lists of opportunities?
Can adults adapt to less sleep?
Why being ignored is 'painful' for human beings?
What is the location of the center-surround receptive fields of retinal ganglion cells?
What is the definition of a receptive field?
Denial of evidence and reason
Are inhibitory synapses the cause of not doing something?
Does anger lower a person's cognitive ability?
How are positions and counts of higher concepts encoded in sparse representations?
How do neuro transmitters interact with neurons in the brain?
Is k-winner a biological plausible model of inhibition?
Which parts of the brain are affected by dopamine?
Reciting Reverse Order Alphabet vs Reverse Order Counting
Where is motor skill function located within the brain?
How does the brains "focused" and "diffused" modes facilitate learning?
Do hormonal factors cause a trend of lower IQ in women?
If a person constantly invalidates your feelings is he/she a narcissist?
Is the heart conscious?
Is there a psychological concept about erratic (long term) memorisation?
What causes dopamine in our body
What is the difference between 'stereoscopic depth' and 'crossed/uncrossed disparity'?
Valence conveyed in simple geometric shapes
Is touch sensitivity higher for females?
Which theories explain that given a choice of hard and easy tasks one would pick the easy one?
Why do Spiritual people try to sleep less?
How can higher concepts get unrolled with upward and feedback connections differing?
Emotional detachment as a reaction can be considered an aggressive behavior?
Infants tend to look longer at novel stimuli than at repeated stimuli, is this true in adults?
Why are people biased against overweight people?
Do gating mechanisms in the neocortex have individual degrees for all gated connections?
Is the current approach to AI learning essentially behaviourism?
Body acceptance: is there a gender bias?
Links between biases and personality?
During synchronized waves oscillation (alpha beta etc...) do neurons fire only once for each wave cycle?
Do direct cortical pathways exist in the visual system, or do they all go via the thalamus?
Is there any psychometrics researches about the relationship between difficulty and grade distribution?
how to see prefrontal cortex is functioning well by a test?
Can a positive change result in positive stress?
How far can a signal travel in the neocortex without passing through the white matter?
Ground a student survey in academic literature
Thinking about something vs. doing something
What is input resistance and how to interpret its values?
How is it called when we explicitly quantify a letter or digit instead of spelling it out multiple times?
Is low self esteem pushing person toward maximizing (instead of being easily satisfied)
Why do we say that some animals have consciousness and some don't?
Relation between Sleeping pattern and attention for ADHD people
How to measure or estimate the prevalence of psychopathology in a particular school?
Why are disorders discrete?
give me concrete example of mindless and mindful activity
Evidence for gender-based math ability differences?
What does it even mean to have a male/female brain?
Are people able to accurately judge body shape and size from images of the face?
Neuronal differences of linguistic statements
How can I make a speller with BCI?
Are superhero masks effective at concealing your identity?
Using Cognitive biases for behavior change?
Is it established that personal success or happiness is primarily determined by personality and is largely independent of social identities?
Looking for a name of a theory or reason behind a seeming cognitive mistake or error
When does reward occur? When dopamine is released or when it is binded?
Why I dont like music?
Do "overview" sections increase learning outcome?
If orgasm triggers bonding and feelings of love, why don't people continue to stay in love?
How can I fit a psychometric function such that the minimum is 50% (chance level)?
Why do people love nature?
Why are so many people arachnophobes (afraid of spiders)?
Can music be addictive?
Survey tool with clickable version of the "Geneva emotion wheel"
What is the effect of Binaural Beats on an Autistic brain?
How to create a non cogntive index
What are the rules that govern neuron behavior?
Publicly Available NEURON models
Low agreeableness on argumentations with people confident in rethoric
Component naming of MEG vs. EEG
In a forced-choice task, what proportion of responses is above chance level?
Influence of LIP on visual cortex
Can somebody provide a standard test to measure ones working memory & short term memory
Find the panda among snowmen!
What is the easiest way to memorize big amounts of information (a.k.a. learning for exams)?
How long does a spiking signal last?
What is the role of non-synaptic plasticity in learning and memory?
How does the money a client pays for a therapist effect the effectiveness of the treatment?
What is a good example of a psychological theory that became formalized into neural and computational terms?
Can someone who is never speaking of himself and present himself as very altruistic be egocentric / narcissistic?
When does the brain 'switch on'?
Disprove that Humans are selfish
are statistic results of these two questions equal?
How does one explain the irrational fear of approaching problems?
Does the brain generate identical words in different languages similarly?
A question on synapses
Can forgetting labor pain be an evolutionary advantage as animals don't know how to avoid labor?
Are there any equivalence between the Desikan-Killiany atlas to brodmann areas?
What correlation research has been done on MBTI vs Big5?
Which hormones are known to cause which psychological effects?
Good news or bad news first
Models of a working (short-term) memory task that combine performance and reaction time?
Is the ordering of Brodmann areas arbitrary?
Modeling plateau potentials
Introduction or Tutorial on Continuous EEG Collection Procedures and Initial Processing?
Relation of spoken sentence length and processing time required
Is something not worth remembering?
How to efficiently use a statistical consultant?
What are the differences between formulating a response in speech vs. formulating a written response?
How can a persons good or bad be accurately measured?
Can habits be implemented by playing mental scenarios or playing things in your head?
Incomplete sentences
What is Joan suffering from in this example?
Which commodity technologies offer useful neuroimaging data?
Can CBT cure any kind of depression?
Theories of Emotion: Schachter's Two Factor Theory Example
What would this dream mean?
Do you know any good tutorial on designing EEG experiments with PsychoPy?
Why are dream so fast?
How / when does neurogenesis occur while learning?
Which personality theories do belong to humanistic?
What is an interstitial personality trait?
what are the components of logical mathematical intelligence?
Third time's the Charm: any research into how we learn from error?
What does "Convolutional" signify in "Convolutional Neural Network"?
Subliminal Persuasion: best chances of success
Conscious versus Visual Representation Update
Biases in subjective survey
Does color constancy overestimate?
what is the "trial-averaged neural response function"?
Is there visual focus during a saccade?
How can I recognize if a person is good subject for hypnosis?
Is the amount of learning modulated by reward transmitters?
How to random assign subjects to a group without any equipment?
Is there anything called Genetic Anxiety?
What is the test-retest correlation for HEXACO personality?
Is there a link between brain injuries (TBI) and PTSD?
Can CNS neurons be stimulated with focused audio?
Where can I find the norms for Raven's Standard Progressive Matrices?
Why is it easier to see black text on a white background?
How to explain utility function from personality, beliefs and ongoing emotions?
mirror-writing using non-dominant hand easier with closed eyes
How to intelligently resolve WinTabMex error in Psychtoolbox on Windows 7?
Why do humans feel compassion towards non-humans?
Why are religious people seemingly unable to hypothesise about a universe without God?
Can machines really create anything new?
Possible links of the dreaming and hypnotic state
Creating non-linear neuron model from linear and actual rates
How to interpret neuron spiking models one comes across in literature?
What causes emotions?
Do you need to pay an extra $300 to be able to retrieve data from the Emotiv Epoc via the python-emotiv library?
Can MBTI be measured objectively?
What is the maximum time difference to still associate an acoustic and visual event?
Does electricity pass through synapse?
Official term for the tendency to associate with like-minded people?
Where does the human need for intimacy stem from?
What cognitive bias prevents you from discarding stuff?
how can the development of sexual preferences be influenced?
Which is a better statistical option to compare differences across groups?
Are Reality Checks in Groups More Effective?
Does neuroplasticity cancel the notion of "aptitudes" as a natural gift?
Models relating neuron firing to oscillatory dynamics
Deja vu and some specifics
Problems with parameterizing neuronal simulation on a limited number of datasets
Is there a term for a measure in which an extremely high or low score is considered bad?
Can electromagnetic fields be used to stimulate areas of the brain?
Can training on neural networks be selectively undone?
How would I train a self-connected hodgkin huxley neuron to exhibit oscillatory dynamics
What cognitive architectures out there combine multiple sensor streams?
Is it possible that human behavior cannot be formalized as an optimization problem?
Searching for literature on cognition of flyover animations
How to interpret strong, significant correlations between dimensions on a measure?
Do dreams improve upon memory and understanding by making the sensory experience MORE LIKE thought?
Is it possible to quantify/measure the effect of certain medication on our neurotransmitters and hormones?
What is the purpose of dead end neurons in this diagram?
Do people with brighter smiles feel brighter?
How does the hippocampus and the "Papez" circuit form a memory?
How are movements stored in the brain?
How do the motor system and Central Pattern Generators interact?
I need good introductory texts/publications on brain networks and functional integration/segregation
Does testosterone level cause more sexual dream content?
Is there any research showing we only like to see/read information on themes/topics/ideas we like?
How do I obtain recordings of the P300 wave of the event-related potential in the EEG?
Can the desire to change a romantic partner ever be satisfied?
The line between fantasy and reality
Problem with IQ tests in Murray's "The Bell Curve"?
Can personality be measured without self-report or peer-report?
Why do people hide wealth?
Why are some people jealous of other people's success?
Literature with regards to facial attractiveness?
How come that someone understands an utterance only after a few moments?
Is there any evidence for a bias towards perceiving darker surfaces as 'figure' rather than 'ground'?
Can humans be reduced to a function?
Environmental cleanliness: what is cognitively fresh?
The meaning of a long gaze : supposed to indicate agreeableness in new-borns but suprise in infants
In what order do you preprocess EEG data?
LAURA/LORETA source localization in Matlab
EEG Signal quality
Does the human visual system implement (adaptive) histogram equalization?
Caller's dilemma
Mapping Sustained Attention on the brain (EEG)
Why do hallucinations appear in depression?
Do all types of synapses in the brain change based on spike-timing-dependent plasticity?
Does difficulty of task increase perceived authority?
Is it known how the brain corrects the world-up-side-down-view of our eyes?
Is INTJ mbti-personality better suited to do a physics degree or medicine/biology degree?
Is there a scientific opinion about the connection between Asperger Syndrome and AD(H)D?
Do we know what is happening inside the brain when a person is hit in the head?
Bragging is bad for your reputation... but there is one exception: What is going on?
Insensitivity of MEG to inhomogeneous conductivity
What does O- mean in a NIFTI file name of an MRI?
Consciousness and neural grafting
How can the cognitive distortion "disqualifying / rejecting the positive" be overcome?
Difference between GALIS and NEF/SPA?
If I think of a checkerboard, is there a similar structure to see in my visual cortex?
What's this cognitive bias that relates to misremembering exact stimuli?
Why is Internet Addiction Disorder not listed in the DSM-5 manual?
What is the phenomenon where a person inexplicably feels that a word is spelled wrong?
Voltage sensitive dyes technique: What is the underlying measure?
What prevents a neuron from activating an incoming synapse?
Can a hyperpolarized neuron fire action potentials?
Can one neuron spike inhibit and excite at the same time?
Does any neurological research exist surrounding Buddhist "enlightenment"?
Voltage sensitive dyes technique: 2-photons microscopy vs confocal microscopy
How does one internalize the delayed reward of exercise?
How do I get calculate D1 and d1 in a multinomial processing tree model?
What does the statement mean "50% of happiness is determined by genetics"?
Do ALL decisions arouse cognitive dissonance?
Is it a phenomenon that explicit rules encourage others to find loopholes?
How would a psychopath deem their actions?
Can neuron change from excitatory to inhibitory (and vice versa) over time?
Can LSD connect sensory regions in the brain?
Why compare a target group to a control group when population norms are available?
Where can I find a real, reliable, iq test that someone could take multiple times?
Should I learn the day before an exam if I am already confident enough?
Would Artificial Super-Intelligence From Science Fiction "Speed Up" The Brain and Wear it Out Faster Leading to Earlier Death?
Group differences reflecting different use of a rating scale vs actual difference in perception
Is there a name for people who don't listen and talk a lot
Cognitive impairment in long term prisoners
Can reading a non-fiction book with great curiosity account to taking a break?
Why are Children always so interested in adults?
Is there a technical term for someone being burnt out on something they enjoy?
What if people understand or interpret words differently in their mind?
What are the common leadership styles in IT companies?
In SPSS, should you change the significance level for One way ANOVA post-hocs?
Does thoughtfulness make us more susceptible to criticism?
How does architecture impact cognition and mental health?
Why are there ads inside trams which ask me to use the tram?
How does aggression transferring work neurologically?
Can curiosity be described as an emotion?
The limits of fear: Could one really survive an encounter with the Alien?
Anger and problem solving
Is the Resting Potential and Action Potential Thresholds the same across all neurons in a network?
Is there a way to make a DIY EEG?
How to deal with a friend who cuts
Is it possible that people perceive time differently than others do?
Where would a cognitively separated person get their brain signals excited from?
Are there studies that compare the accuracy of forecasters that are asked to state probabilities vs. forecasters that are asked to state odds?
Do STDP synapses potentiate AND depress at the same time?
Official Color-Emotion relations
Are there any cognitive tests, or test suites, available on the Android?
Is there a difference in the perception of time in animals of different size?
What is the function of the connection between the two halves of the thalamus?
People's subjective tendency: Is there a mathematical model?
Why do some students find it difficult to focus on study when at home?
Why do people want to have children?
Perfectionism, and approval addiction: how are these two generated from a trauma?
Why does the brain skip over repeated "the" words in sentences?
Spontaneous emotional bonding in traumatic events
Ebbinghaus like model for retention of details from experience
Do many people have an "Accompanying Voice" - an equal they converse with?
Do we have a sub- or super-unconscious?
Does work exist on relative valuations versus numeric valuations?
Do dissatisfaction with a job and relationships share the same mental mechanism?
Do adversarial neural networks exist in the brain?
How to measure stress quantitatively?
Difference between thoughts and sensations
Are the sides of the body associated with gender stereotypes?
Does reading a word without mentally vocalizing it inhibit your ability to comprehend?
Why do people have different personalities when speaking different languages?
Why do we laugh more easily in social situations?
What's the feeling where you feel weird in places where people in movies get stabbed etc
What does pregnancy dreams mean?
Can a multiple choice test reliably measure decision making speed?
Does the number of alternatives in a multiple choice question affect the learning output?
What are the pros and cons of teaching a toddler two languages simultaneously versus sequentially?
Implementation of Bayesian inference on cognitive science research question
Why can't hemineglect patients be trained to actively pay attention to their neglected side?
How does the brain encode order of information in sentences/stories?
Differential equations in psychology
Social loafing vs. Free riding
Short validated measure of cognitive ability suitable for online experiment on the effect of emotion on ability test performance
Applying signal detection theory to single-stimulus presentations
Could physically simulating neural structure on a fundamental level yield superior results to machine learning algorithms?
Effects of Game-based Learning on Motivation for Learning
Do we perceive contrast colour patterns easily because of adaptation?
What is the purpose of non-spiking and anaxonic neurons?
Importing EGI eeg binary format data into R?
Upwards of what d' values constitute "good" sensitivity?
Information storage capacity of a neural network?
What is a realistic mathematical function to model link decay in a social network?
Why is it that in TV series the major part of the shots don´t last longer than 10 seconds?
EEG electrode cluster selection
What is the relation of visual quality and distance from the central field of view?
Can normal brain activity arise from no (or random) brain activity?
Is there evidence of a mechanism for transmission of instinct?
What is the ACT-R model of learning?
How to help relieve test-anxiety in others
Personality Models: The Big Five, the Seven Deadly Sins, and?
Is there a link between intelligence and mental disturbances?
why we forget dreams when we wake up?
How accurate is this explanation of memory?
Can the effectiveness of antidepressants be explained by a placebo effect?
What is the difference between Avolition and Laziness?
How to think about things when it's the right time?
What is the relationship between visual attention network and visual stream (Two-streams hypothesis)?
How do you call the cognitive bias of not seeing self as the common denominator?
If the color black reflects no light, how are we able to see it?
How do people with a split brain experience reality?
Does homosexuality correlate with narcissism or finding yourself attractive?
is Lewin's field theory still used in modern psychology? If yes, what are its applications?
Does oxytocin reduce brain activity?
Does a split brain affect the inner voice?
Can cognitive science improve psychology?
Is this expected to happen while asleep?
Why do we like expected surprises?
Any documented applications of engineering psychology?
EPSP/IPSP amplitude values?
can mushroom improve your memory?
Effect of variability due during motor skill training
What's the relation between firing of dopaminergic neurons and dopamine dispersion in terms of neurophysiological processes?
Silent speech recognition method or system with highest accuracy?
When was cognitve dissonance discovered?
What are the laws of female physical attractiveness?
Is it possible to read words a person thinking about via EEG headsets?
Self-Perceived Quality of Life based on operation success chance
What do NaNs represent in an SPM β-map?
Good academic books on temperament theory?
Is there any study about the impact on the continuous use of predictive keyboard by neurologically and psychologically health individuals?
Which mechanisms are hypothesized to change synapses in the cortex in response to signals from the mesolimbic pathways?
Does knowing a word for an emotion cause a person to feel the emotion more frequently?
Are there empirical studies showing that one sex is more sexually selective than the other?
Are social intelligence and emotional intelligence the same thing?
How to compare IAT (Implicit Association Test) results of two different groups?
Are brain waves electromagnetic waves?
How do you call a study in which subjects were deceived about the real purpose?
Effects of caffeine on fatigue
What is the mental state called when I forget my thoughts?
How does the brain structure 3D visual data?
Dreams and symbolism. Are dreams trully indicative of what is about to happen or do they merely serve as symbolic direction of what path to follow?
How do neurons limit their input current?
What models/mechanisms exist for the brain to chain movements together?
Severe depression/anxiety can't be treated with CBT
The art of exploiting people and taking advantage of them
What is the study of body language and speech and what it means the person is feeling or thinking?
Advantages of Nengo for memory related tasks
Blocking out unwanted sound sources
Are there bidirectional neurons?
Is prior experience necessary to perceive the Kanizsa triangle illusion?
How does the inner ear encode sound intensity?
Does increased motor development always occur at the expense of speech development, or vice versa?
Does the meta-analytic literature overestimate the relationship between conscientiousness and job performance?
What theory explains where motivation to do something depends on perception of others' input?
Why are people insecure?
Do women have fetishes?
What is the treatment for Pathological Liars?
Other emotions relative to angry/happy base emotions
Is there evidence that heterosexual males make 'romantic advances' more often than heterosexual females?
Correlation between sex and achievement
Are animal instincts and preferences based on some brain micro structures?
Does STDP make the Hebbian learning rule redundant?
Does a mental disorder exist where people think someone else is sick?
How to use EEG on dogs?
Are cognitive maps still widely studied within psychology? Why or why not?
How are abstract relations represented neurally?
Mechanism of ketamine in treatment of depression and anxiety?
How do we hear our inner voice?
Generate fMRI from neurotransmitter consumption
How image orientation influences perception
Is a network of neurons the only factor in memory?
Is mindfulness meditation an effective method to fall asleep?
An Overview of Priming in Psychology
What is the prevalence of lifelong, early onset, chronic depression?
Is there any evidence that language is the limit of the world?
Does suppressing a desire make it more powerful?
Does "hearing" give off an electronic signal?
Can Prozac cause anxiety?
What is a belief, and how does it differ from an opinion?
Importance of interactivity in learning
Can human brain neural circuits understand the concept of "other human beings" and their motives?
What leaps in technology would be needed to scan the total state of the human brain?
How to handle duplicated recommendations in an online experiment for the recommender system
Mathematical models of learning
Why is IIT "unmotivated"?
Can a test subject undo the predictions (concerning the movement of fingers), made by a researcher?
Brain cell temperature
What is fiber bundle matching?
What is the optimal mean correct on a multiple choice test in order to maximise the measurement of individual differences?
Can "fire together, wire together" be undone?
Membrane resistance of a neuron
Were the subjects in the Stanford prison experiment randomly assigned to the study?
Using a Linear Non-linear Cascade with a Non-Random (deterministic) Stimulus
What causes the spokes of a Wagon Wheel to "move"(rotate) in the opposite direction of the Wagon Wheel itself?
Is it counter-productive to study while tired?
How is "being in a flow" explained cognitively?
Can the big five personality dimensions be trained/enhanced?
What is the role of (why )universal gas constant in Nernst equation?
Can one personality kill another personality?
Can you learn a skill by observing someone else?
Can drastic changes in stress levels impact long-term memory?
Are women better at multitasking?
If light travels at c, and the human nervous system's speed/perception speed<c, why aren't we not seeing or blind at some times?
Are there any papers showing that too much learning matters is bad for memory?
Relation between memory and creativity
Difference between content-addressable memory and associative memory?
How to calculate the confidence interval for $d^\prime$ (d prime)?
how to comprehensively assess three areas of cognition (attention, reaction-time, memory) on a daily, personal basis, preferably online,?
Human brain v/s computer: speed comparison?
Why cute things make us want to touch it?
What is the scientific definition of Introversion/Extroversion?
Tests to Assess Collaboration Skills
Differential diagnosis for shortness of breath from anxiety
Why do thoughts take a non-zero length of time?
Isolating stable EEG data across all channels in EEGLAB
Is forward associated with right and backwards with left?
How to test a theory that explains a psychological phenomenon using evolutionary arguments?
How accurate is this graph about learning curve and spaced repetition system?
What are some explanations for the relationship between social and spatial mapping?
Is there a cognitive bias which describes expert communities' overestimation of their potential impact?
What's the psychological basis for "Look at me when I'm talking to you"?
Convention for selection of summary slices in fMRI
Significance of 4 stimulus cards in the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test?
Why is Potassium(K) important to neurology & the brain?
Vigilance is an emotion?
What are the correlations between the facets of honesty-humility in HEXACO personality and the Dark Triad?
What's the term in psychology for the way people think of concepts using examples?
What is the status of traits theory in personality psychology?
What's the difference between computational neuroscience and systems neuroscience?
Models of barriers to "Flow" (being in "the zone")
How to go about self-diagnosis for a learning disability that was formally diagnosed as related to ADD?
What is the limit of human memory?
what does “dominants” mean in psychology
What techniques are being used here to influence the subject to pick a certain outcome?
Term for an inability to accept ideas that are outside the norm
Reading and understanding difficult material
White/Black Metaphor in African Societies?
What is the relationship between a strong work ethic and an honest reputation and individual success?
Verbal reasoning development
Is there a tangible benefit of synchronising the sample clock to the laser pulses in a resonant scanning two-photon microscope?
What is meant by this theory that there are only 3 possible kinds of cognitive loads?
Is it common for OCD sufferers to experience schizophrenic episodes
What are the main sensory features of earliest memories of childhood?
Can PTSD be mild? Do the traumas have to be of a certain kind?
When does Just World Theory apply?
What percentage of people are literal thinkers?
Is hand-writing analysis used for analysis of a person's behaviour or anlayzing a person's character?
How does people's sense of right and wrong affect their behavior?
Do Alzheimer's patients have spaces in their brain with low interstitial space?
While spoting a liar, whether observing the verbal cue or observing the non-verbal cue helps?
Do we have technology to ethically measure the changes of interstitial space in sleeping humans?
Our brain and mirror?
Post-coital effects on human cognition
Myer Brigg type for Ni > Ti > Fi > Se
What does the visual feed from the retina look like before it is processed by the visual cortex?
Megalomania versus schizophrenia
Effects of aerobic vs. resistance training on cognition
Thinking with organs/systems other than the brain
Scientific way to prove you are ambidextrous, right handed or left handed?
Spike Timing Dependent Plasticity interpretation
What is a principle that describes competitive advantage in this case
Nobel Prize in Cognitive Science
What are the correlations between HEXACO and NEO-PI factors?
How neural mechanisms lead to the creation of habits or destructive behaviours?
Why we are more optimistic about ourselves and our peers and pessimistic about others?
What is the term for enjoying seeing bad/unlikable characters die?
Can a sufficiently complex ANN simulate consciousness?
Term for being unable to see how hard something is because you already understand it
Psychophysiological indicators of relationship/collaboration/alignment
What studies are there about looking up answers for non-credit assignments?
Interpretation of Halstead-Reitan Impairment Index Parameter
How does one add a commutator to the UCLA miniscope cable?
Method/Unit for measuring activity in specific frequency band for EEG
Alzheimer's, Mulla Nasrudin and disjunction of cognition and personal identity
Are some cognitive bias universal? If yes, which one?
Does Contextual switching Boost Motivation?
How does the Forgetting curve change after repeated exposure to the same item we would like to memorise?
Psychiatric name of disbelief disorder
Is there a such thing as collective narcissism?
Model for the Un/Conscious Mind
What is the proportion of excitatory vs. inhibitory neurons in the feline thalamus?
How do certain individuals, like Quang Duc, develop the ability to remain calm when enduring significant nociceptive pain?
Effectiveness of audio / video feedback
Why is solitary confinement used so widely?
Should an individual deliberately focus/experience/feel or ignore/detach/repress negative emotions in order to isolate them from self-worth?
Oedipus/Electra complex and in laws
How is "one-shot learning" implemented in the NEF/SPA?
What's the difference between a Hamming and Hopfield network?
What coding scheme does NEF use? Rate or phase?
What is the difference between two models of situation awareness?
What are the main differences between the FreeSurfer volumetric approach and the statistical parametric mapping from SPM?
What are shortcomings of query bases tools for measuring Situation Awareness?
Jung - Anima and Animus
Chess to enhance human cognitive abilities?
Is there any good evidence that sadness causes chest pain ("heart ache")?
Cognitive models for transfer of skills
Whats the difference between BDD and hypochondriasis?
Is "hate towards weakness/inferiority" a general and innate human characteristic?
Can people improve their memory by training themselves to recall previously forgotten memories?
Paper (s) on enhancing self-control
Is there a reasonably easy way to get emotions from EEG?
Why do we need to break down long sentences to understand them?
What are other methods for adjusting latency jitter in event-related potentials (ERPs) (P300 in particular) besides Woody filter and peak-picking?
Why do children tend to choose the last option in a two-alternative forced choice task?
Experiment where groups of dogs were treated differently to find difference in affection
Apart from sleep, does the brain needs rest?
What effect can depression have on memory?
How to analyze event-related fMRI data with missing fMRI trigger in logfile?
DSM and references to ICD
How do people navigate the social world and find people who are similar?
Standardised test to measure workplace stress
At what impedances should one gold plate 12.5-µm diameter nichrome wire tetrodes for targeting different brain areas?
What neural mechanism explains the phenomenon that bad memories fade faster than good ones?
Why was MPD changed to DID?
Why are people better at distinguishing people of their own racial group and why are animals better at recognising animals of their own species?
Is there a relationship between the amount of time spent awake/asleep, and interstitial waste removal in the brain?
Is there a developmental purpose to adolescent transgressions?
Physiology behind EEG measurements
What is the difference between noise reduction and noise cancellation?
Why is the initial first-line response to a psychological problem not a brain scan?
How do clinicians control for their own mental disorders?
Is the Rubin Vase illusion an example of inattentional blindness?
Method Acting Used For Cognitive Behavioral Modification
Cognitive bias of comparing numbers on a relative scale
Do cats exhibit the bouba/kiki effect?
Does studying flashcards, both front to back and back to front, decrease retention opposed to only memorizing one way?
Library (or manual creation) of ERP components
"Nested Neurons": Are they biologically plausible?
What exactly is Emotional Reasoning?
Typical rates for 'trivial' errors?
What is the relationship between Working Memory and Attention, and how can one assess his WM?
Is satisficing conceptualised as being unconscious/automatic, or conscious/volitional?
How does parental expectation lead a child from adaptive perfectionism to rebelliousness?
What is the difference between Machiavellianism and good negotiating/influence skills?
What is the neurological basis of bipolar disorder?
Does the lexical hypothesis have any role in 'creativity'?
When many laws are too many laws?
Is the Flynn effect autism?
Can I use data taken in a 5-point Likert Scale, and convert it as if it were taken as a 4-point Likert?
How many times on average do people wake up per night?
Are there neural loops within a column or an area of the cortex?
Signal detection theory: How to calculate c' when d' is 0?
What does it mean when we say that "a neuron connects to a certain cortical layer"?
How is an action potential conducted across axonal branches in a neuron?
What is meant by "degrees of freedom" in fMRI?
What techniques have been shown to improve a self-defeatist attitude?
What causes CSF to flow?
Is working memory equivalent to fluid intelligence?
The relationship between creativity and focus
Who first proposed using ROC curves in a psychological context?
How does the intravenous administration of cholecystokinin provoke panic attacks?
What are the techniques to get over the learning plateau?
Where can I get data on lie detection and brain activity?
Why do people tap their foot to music?
What's the prevalence of interpersonal psychotherapy and cognitive behavior in the treatment of depression?
How to convince subjects that the computer is playing fairly
Why so few subjects in psychophysics?
What is the effect called whereby people don't offer help when in a crowd because they assume someone else will help?
How do you form a rationale to justify choice of time windows in ERP analysis?
MATLAB n-back test
What do chimpanzees do with fire in the wild, and can they be trained to manipulate burning objects?
How can you "time-stamp" data based on a physiological response?
Is there any evidence that better sleep reduces the symptoms of chronic severe Fibromyalgia?
Are we trying to motivate ourselves by combinating safe stressful situations with pleasure regards?
Binaural Beats Meditation EEG versus Non-aided mediation EEG
Open-source software for analyzing Electrodermal activity
Do children inherit intelligence from their mothers and not their fathers?
What are the differences between Orch OR and Hartley's vibratiuncles?
Where can I obtain a button box for reaction-time measurements under a Windows OS?
How to measure visual salience quantitatively
What stands behind the desire to want things now?
Why can't we understand text without subvocalizating it?
Term for using hyperbole to make a softer argument seem more palatable?
What is the optimal way of structuring a multiple choice preference evaluation to determine most popular photo in a set?
What factors determine a healthy individual's required amount of sleep?
Why do people assume I am male online when I am female?
Is there a medical name for transient word recognition problems?
Why might computerised voices in the background be more disruptive than human voices?
How do deaf people get feedback on their speech?
Current estimates of the capacity of hippocampal episodic memory?
Is there a fundamental difference in the way we think while writing when compared to speaking?
How beneficial is attending a funeral in the process of grieving and why?
Can you practice and improve physical activities only by thinking?
What is the difference between RR-intervals and NN-intervals in HRV-data?
Are there reliable ways to distinguish anger from fear, be it through body, mind, internally, externally?
Why are visualizing mnemonics usually wacky?
What does the literature say about why women aren't attracted to nice guys?
Are hallucinations mostly 'real' fantasies or are they 'real' memories?
What is the difference between apparent motion and apparent movement?
Is there a complete connectome of a minicolumn of the neocortex?
Function of heart neural network?
Brain Right hemisphere is random and left hemisphere is linear? really?
Why baby animals seem "cute" to us?
Does Computer science has any role to play in Cognitive science?
Adult talking in the 3rd person when talking about himself
Grieving for a loss of not experiencing an event
How to generate ipsative scores from a test with normative Likert-type items?
Manipulating the difficulty of guessing a correlation
Unconscious Racial and Gender Biases: The role of IAT
Can information in the media increase fear of something?
How to measure employee ownership, team spirit, and collaborative nature?
Open source software for analyzing Heart Rate Variability (HRV)
How effective is assertiveness training?
Checklist to evaluate the validity of a personality test
What is the difference between affect and feeling?
Questionnaire that measures participants emotion at the time of completion of the questionnaire
Clinical pathology of schlemielism
What is the test-retest reliability for the Portrait Values Questionnaire?
Model of human estimation of correlation tasks
Does gender as a factor always make my experiment quasi-experimental?
Cognitive turn and social turn approaches in cognitive psychology
What is the independent variable in the Wason 1968 experiment on the Wason Selection Task?
What are "daddy issues"?
Is the Flynn effect related to the discovery of Fetal Alcohol Syndrome?
Difference in hemispheres when processing of somatosensory information
What bias is responsible for people perceiving immediate and sudden value over long time value delivery as more?
Is the concept of "employee engagement" flawed?
Can compulsions be defined in a way that is independent of obsessions, culture, etc?
Boys and the Obsession with War
Psychological effects of mega-projects on citizens
How to obtain adult norms for Raven's progressive matrices?
When I got aware of some ability, I couldn't do it that well anymore
How to measure galvanic skin response with wearables?
The effect of learning/expertise on cognitive control
Does the strength of the simultaneous contrast illusion vary with the length of time it is viewed?
Best way to modeling ADHD?
When are dreams created?
Two time points, control and experimental groups: What design is it?
Are there personality tests out there with questions based on scenarios?
Is there any explanation of how the human brain calculates arithmetical problems?
Recognizing which object is new, while forgetting original objects
Biological plausibility of RBMs
Cognitive dissonance and interpreting unplesant situations as having a good effect
What is the name for the psychological therapy involving socially isolating a patient?
Does computer usage (YouTube, Facebook, etc. ) influence social abilities?
What is the rationale behind filler words?
Looking for the term for the relationship between "confidence" and "knowledge"
What happens in the brain during mid-life crisis?
Interclick interval resolution of the ear
Is back-prop biologically plausible?
Does Golden Hammer really exist?
How to determine percentile rankings for responses to for Big5 Mini-Markers test?
What self-image do most people have?
IQ scores - fixed raw scores vs infinite tails of the underlying normal distribution of standard scores
Which research article showed that East Asian parents used verbs more to their infants and toddlers?
Is there a definitive list of intrinsic motivators?
Why is amygdala located on paleo mamalian part of the brain?
How many memory systems do we have?
Is there evidence to suggest that one's epistemic preference is fixed or is flexible?
Why can I see the number only when I don't look directly at it?
Emotions and reflexes - difference
Correcting for individual differences in the usage (employed range) of rating scales
How does the brain project pain on to a particular part of the body?
Which is more important for computational neuroscience: differential equations or linear algebra?
Scales in Oral vs. Paper Surveys
Percent correct metric for mental rotation task?
How often are complex networks and graph theory useful in computational neuroscience?
A measure of how personally people take critisism
How do you raise the stakes in an experiment without actually paying people money?
Searching for real biological neuron firing data [numeric]
Why do suicide has been kept in natural selection?
Could any kind of learning be framed as learning a language?
Has a hypersensitivity to depictions of embarrassing situations in media been described in the psychology literature?
Do non-human primates exhibit the Kiki/Bouba effect?
Where could I collect UK participants for my survey?
How do euphemisms work in the brain?
What really is 'Consciousness'?
"Repeating truth too often or being too insistent about it leads to doubt", is there such an effect?
Where are scientific references for the claims made in "Thinking Fast and Slow"
Studies about learning terms in your native language?
Has there been a study comparing stress level or burnout between different occupations that provide therapy?
How sound is the psychology of Westworld?
What is the name of the introvert-extravert concentration scale diagram?
Is there evidence to suggest that receiving angry emails increases stress levels?
Testing earworms without ethical problems
Is ''The principles of psychology'' by ''William James'' outdated?
Is fear of darker skinned people a shared psychological maladaptation brought on by subconscious childhood Achluophobia?
How can a maternity refusal syndrome be prevented or treated?
What is the optimal contrast ratio for best readability?
What do you call sensations without stimuli?
Is neurogenesis driven by prediction error?
Marr's analysis for ball pursuit
How do psychometric employee screening tests work and how can students tackle them?
Any study related to intimacy with nature and link with how it affects hormones or other chemical equations of brain?
Is there a way to test brain activity/aptitude on a measurable scale in order to identify a suitable occupational aptitude?
Pymc conditioning on an observed
Effects of treatment versus psychotherapy on mental health of transgender people
Death from sleep deprivation, what physical mechanism is failing that makes one not to be alive anymore?
How can fear paralysis be overcome?
How does fear paralysis occur?
Rationale behind an “all-or-nothing” design for a test for the purposes of diagnosis and epidemology
Activation of brain reasoning areas during dreaming
Difference between reverse inference and decoding (e.g. MVPA) in fMRI
Hard to think when hearing audible speech
What makes people like other people?
What makes you like someone?
Books on Neurological functions?
Why I read by hearing the words?
Is the feeling of consciousness simply a perceived effect of a functional working memory and focus?
How does a person who wears prism glasses through which the world is perceived upside-down experience the transition back to normal?
How to induce procrastination in an online experiment?
How can one describe personal space and its comfortable area
Extinction Burst in Humans
What is involved in a Mental Competency Evaluation in the criminal justice system?
Have there been followups to the Rosenhan Experiment?
Do antidepressants provide a permanent solution for depression and anxiety?
Study about how position of head influences thoughts
Do grammatical differences in language affect politics?
Anti-depressant medicine and memory loss
Difference between the cingulate gyrus and the cingulate cortex
Psychology behind SE?
Does a true hallucination need to go away while plugging one's ears?
Is there any evidence that fluid intelligence is malleable?
Is it true that IQ and verbal ability are not much correlated?
What is the point of living a life if we're all going to eventually die?
Exercise and physical activity questionnaire
Does training affect the tactile oblique effect?
What is the difference between semantic activation to lexical processing?
Kahneman's add one / three exercise
Intelligence Dataset
Are stress, frustration and existentialism considered cognitive distortions?
Are social phobia cases on rise, being the Internet and mobile phones with cameras the main cause for their rise?
Why Does My Motivation Fluctuate So Much?
Anorexia nervosa as an anxiety management tool
Do the results of psychological studies change our behaviour?
Paper showing that completing most psychological studies is less distressing than daily life
What is the difference between facets and factors?
Approach-Avoidance Conflicts
What is the meaning of the peak polarity in EEG data?
Direction of electrical information flow in the brain (and output locations)
Do mirror neurons fire during visualization?
Is there any evidence that less thinking about future improves mental health?
Why do some memories stick out more than others?
Statistically, what are the determinants of which particular religion someone will follow?
What is the relationship between identity and personality?
Negative emotions in individuals spreading to others
Why I value celebrities opinion more than a person I have actually met?
Narcissistic personality recent studies
Sleep is God, Go Worship! How?
Effect of time on emotion self-perception
Subjective experience of emotional buildup
How was fMRI performed before EPI became available?
How to generate networks for dynamic emotion modelling
Relation between disposition personality in emotional response
Length of neuro-physiological signals of emotion compared to feeling time
Which brain areas are linked to Hyperactivity in ADHD?
Are psychologists more immune to psychological problems?
Excitatory impulse speed vs inhibitory
Quantifying the Dunning-Kruger Effect
How long does it take to decide for an multiple choice option with increasing number of choices?
Measuring emotion
Is it possible to send event markers via Emotiv epoc using Inquisit 5?
Alternatives to "Honest Signals" theory of non-semantic communication
Is there a connection between synaptic density and cognitive capacity?
What is the difference between attractor and recurrent network?
Are there any approaches to measuring “physical”/“neurophysiological” aspects of one's intellectual tone/state of fluid intelligence?
What experiment in a simple decision task should we run to obtain one million trials?
Is love from families a necessity for children to form nornal relationship?
What are the advantages of 2AFC in a psychophysical discrimination task?
People with dead nerves cell, can they feel pain/emotions?
Pros and Cons of PsychoPy for designing psychological experiments?
Timing accuracies for displaying frames and recording response times?
Syncing up CPT device with EEG recording
in R : How to check RT's for ex-gaussian fit with the fitdistrplus package
NiftyReg reg_resample results in strange artifacts when registering MNI-ICBM-152 atlas
Alternatives to Laban Movement Analysis
What is inter-rater agreement for Laban Movement Analysis?
Is it possible to use the Decomposed Theory of Planned Behavior to understand consumer behavior in relation to financial products?
Labeling and discrimination
What is this stratagem called when someone talks to you like you're a slow-witted kid?
Why do western people's orientation/navigation differ from non-western cultures?
What makes someone an introvert or an extrovert?
Can someone please help me find this ancedote / experiment?
What is considered an error in the sustained attention to response task (SART)?
How does timing of pleasure / dopamine / reward influence the formation of positive association?
Can we truly random choose which finger to raise by counting to 10 in your mind?
What is the closest scientific branch to cognitive science?
How does the brain use old information to make new connections?
Do pictures help young children read (understand meaning) better or does it give them a delayed sense of imagination when decoding information?
Do neurons fire at a faster rate during dreaming?
Can an external stimulus change the way your dream ends?
What is the term for two mutually exclusive, contrasting emotions
After how much time should we review a particular study material after once studying it thoroughly so as to retain it longer?
What are the methods to reject ocular artifacts in the EEG?
Evolutionary advantage of nostagia or attachment
Do workers retain information from audio lectures when working in a physically demanding job?
Bereavement Grief and Loss
Theories of Human Motivation
Awareness of unconditional positive regard
Is there a name or explanation for the behaviour of writing the second letter first?
How to assess the rationality of real-life decisions?
How do we explain that some humans require far more evidence for some claims than others?
Is there a script to measure face width to height ratio?
How to fit averaged data to obtain a single psychometric function?
Good Resources for Learning Modeling of fMRI Data
Factors affecting leniency of an evaluator (judge)
Is it assumed that human beings "think" the same way? Is there good reason for this assumption?
Will some people ever be able to make our dreams visible on a screen?
Does having wrong answers available while studying distract the mind from the correct answer?
What is the voltage that an intracortical electrode is expected to receive?
Is post traumatic stress disorder preventable?
Grit — is it distinct from correlates of success?
Denial against truth
What software to use for psychology questionnaire?
Extreme feelings of bliss during Stage 1 sleep?
Is there a central collection of information about the often called right brain phenomena?
What qualitative studies are there into mindfulness?
What are ways to assess employability of workers?
How to fix a nii or rec file with partial volume
where can i find preprocessed fmri data set for alzheimer's disease
Human trials for stentrode neural recordings
Specification of SuperMemo 2
What are the effects of hebephilia?
Psychological effects of social nudity
Can binaural beats be generated with carrier tones outside the audible frequency range?
Why is it easier to neglect one's self than others?
What might explain a rush of euphoria before enduring physical pain?
International Physical Activity Questionnaire and cognitive function
get signal from eye neurons
Does stimulus-independent ERP make sense/ exist?
Resources/studies on physically describing emotion?
Concept for 'too much exposure to a bad idea can make it seem normal'?
Quantification of tendency for people to believe what is convenient
Is there a game-theoretic explanation for why people do (or don't) participate in community policing/moderation?
Cognitivism over Behaviorism
What happens when I speak in these certain situations and how to reprogram my brain?
Does Lego intervention improve children's completion score compared to normal SALT interventions?
John Calhoun's Mouse Utopia and Genetic Diversity
Can a human select truly random numbers if he/she chose to?
Why did DSM-5 and subsequently ICD-10 allow personality disorders to be diagnosed in children
What are the limits of language with respect to communicating the actual reasons that go in making a decision?
How close an electrode should be to the target neural tissue?
"Raise your game" studies
Need a perspective on science, philosophy, religion, etc
Alcoholic behavior at a bar without having any alcohol?
Article for bypassing spinal cord after spinal cord injury
Non-computational models of cognition
"st" global variable in SPM8
What does "access consciousness" mean?
Does the use of cannabis affect the ability to recall dreams?
Using "it sounds" instead of "it tastes"
Should you completely get rid of your temptations or do them in moderate amount?
What is understanding of natural language and how can we test or measure it?
Childhood sexual abuse effects on psychological development
Can a shorter IQ test be devised that provides a more approximate measure of IQ?
Why does an addict always remain one?
How to randomise order of survey items in Qualtrics where some items have to appear together?
Do humans have inborn instincts to spread plant seeds?
Do people feel impotent when arguing with someone able to do Emotional detachment?
Experimental design with two groups, pre-post measurement, and where everyone is treated
What, exactly, is the difference between sociopathy and psychopathy?
Persuasion strategies by Cialdini (why is punishment not there?)
Differences between baseline trust of stranger across cultures
What factors are used in studies quantifying and studying mood?
What is the best way to reduce measurement biases when studying topics that can evoke insecurity?
Organisation as a factor for safe behavior on the work-place
Why Is It That We Have Blindspots in Our Eyes?
Are there any critiques on the Self-Determination Theory by Deci & Ryan?
Does the split brain disprove a materialistic mind?
How to connect two networks in NEURON software?
Why do people are seeming more charistmatic or sympathic, if they are fans of old things?
Why are the ERP amplitudes recorded and analyzed from different software so different in voltage?
Oblique EPI in afni
Short term effects of alcohol on IQ
How is the biological error signal in predictive coding computed?
Applications of project management techniques to managing recovery while in residential addiction treatment programs
Classification of EEG Signals
Why does this video make me feel nostalgic?
Are any kinds of behavior proved to correlate with estrogen levels?
Which personality traits are proved to correlate with any facial features?
Delay time of Tansmiitting the information from one neuron to another
seeing every interaction as a conflict
Basic definition of incongruence
How to convert fmri brain volumes to brain graph
What role do circular network structures play in neural networks?
Memories triggered by everything
How do inside jokes work?
What is the name for the experiment where you experience a feeling of weightlessness while sitting on a chair?
What is the effect of Daylight Saving Time on attentiveness and productivity?
How do you decide how many trials to have in an experiment?
"Cognify". Does it describe awareness or confusion?
Father hunger syndrome
Effects of quantity and quality of breaks on learning
Drawbacks to the method of loci for memorization
How to denoise and get rid of 1/f trend of a PSD in an EEG synchronization experiment
Is a drop in intellect necessary for one to be diagnosed with psychosis?
What are external factors which can influence the clarity or early-prevailance of a person's earliest memory/memories
What is the difference (in a recording) between speech and a sound? What makes the difference to the brain?
Can the stress response from neonatal circumcision cause cognitive impairment?
Is there any research which compares the bond between biological siblings vs. non-biological siblings or half-siblings?
What kind of data structuring is conducive to healthy debate?
How to get started with the glba R-package?
What makes a book easier or harder to read?
What makes something relevant to an argument and how can people improve in determining relevance?
Why do some people cycle musical tastes, and some people continually listen to the same type of music?
Are we able to simulate pain through the brain?
In which way emotional "interference" affect the brain / the behaviour?
Low crystalized intelligence- failure to transfer skill from Hippocampus to cortex?
Is our memory accumulative or replacive?
How to record mouse-pointer fixations?
What is the basic memory-making algorithm?
Interaction between caffeine intake and biorhythm on alertness
What neural mechanism is responsible for our identification with a group?
Is working memory somewhat task specific?
Is there any animal, which knows it will die?
Is there research on effectiveness of teaching with high extraneous cognitive load?
Does language learning improve or worsen the ability to remember and process information?
Why Bayesian Cognitive Modeling?
The explanation behind the taboo behind rape/sexual assault versus acceptance of violence
Can time be slowed in a lucid dream?
Are there empirical studies that falsify propositions rooted in evolutionary psychology?
Erik Erikson: "We live in a continuous process of making the present 'former' "
Why is depression a diagnosable issue?
Are there any variants of pathological lying?
Shape versus numbers
How do congenitally deaf and mute people think?
What is the bias called when listening to the same sound repeatedly?
Is there a conventional use of the term "empirical grounding"?
What is Reaction time method?
At what time in a psychophysical test are catch trials preferably presented?
Chunking: more chunks or more items?
Can we learn to adapt to image-reversal when being intermittently exposed to them?
What is the neural adaptation underlying the habituation to reversed visual images?
How to calculate absolute power for EEG from power spectra density?
How does the human brain store motor skills for long term?
Can color blindness be treated with image filtering technology?
What is the correlation between grit and Big 5 conscientiousness?
What role do the ego and group unconsciousness have in Jungian "individuation"?
What Makes a Concept Good in Cognitive Science?
Is it true that stimulants make neurons fire more often, and depressants make them fire less often?
Why the brain region with less activity is not more responsible for some action?
Basis for "we make 35,000 decisions a day" statistic
Is it appropriate to do a study using only one trait from a larger personality inventory (e.g., Extraversion)?
Calculation of d'prime in forced choice experiment
Do we all look at pictures from left to right?
What is the effect of Gibbs artifact on multi voxel pattern analysis?
Is there a standardised questionnaire measuring tendency to think emotionally versus logically?
What is the difference between emotions, intuition and affect?
Mental Health Optimisation and the Macro Environment
What's the psychological issue name of fear of people?
What happens to someone missing teenage years of development?
How did Shaver (1970) manipulate similarity in the defensive attribution study?
How does formality in a therapy relationship effect treatment outcomes?
Family happiness Vs Career happiness
How to recognize contempt
Can you become "mentally" bilingual after 8?
Any studies on the link between popularity and happiness amongst school aged people?
Daily Life of Clinical Psycologist
What timing of visual emphasis paired with a spoken word provides the best cognition?
Where can I find experimental data supportive of the Hick-Hyman law?
Can drawing a duck define a person's hemispheric dominance?
Does the brain's reward system also work when the reward comes before the experience?
Why do some people refuse to wear their seat belt while being aware of the risks?
What is the term of having a high perceived confidence while having limited knowledge?
Why do people get addicted to things like TV, Facebook, games?
Cultural psychology: Japanese culture and meaning systems
Success rates or reviews of Brain Working Recursive Therapy (BWRT), and number of sessions needed on average
Standard Academic set of emotions, and cognitive functions
Polylinguistic Competition
Are there any studies that test for preference between balls and blocks in infants?
identifying scale of measurement for the dependent variable
What can I study as a layman to develop practical knowledge of human psychology
How successful is hypnosis or hypnotherapy over a distance, for example, over Skype?
Miscarriage throwing potential shadow on life of next child
What's the correct way to use 'schadenfreude' to describe a person who has/uses/suffers from it?
Is autism caused by genetics?
What human factors play part in traffic congestion?
What are the personality and behavioural correlates of divorce?
Does taking antidepressants, anxiolytics and sleep pills significantly affect a person's intelligence?
Are schizophrenia and OCD genetically related?
Are ACT-R and Spaun the state of the art in cognitive science computational models?
does speakers exhibit change of behavior when switching from one language to another?
Why does the tempo tend to get faster?
How to specify the quickest movement a human can do based on MTM standards?
Psychology of disrespect and being proud of law breaking. How does it work and how to combat it?
How does neuron stimulation work?
Is there a psychological term for enduring hardship to achieve a promised state?
What is the name of the phenomenon where a person abandons simplifying a complex system upon understanding the system?
Where should I place a reference electrode?
Does creativity decrease when invested in multiple areas?
For an average adult, in general, if one knows they will wake up in the middle of a cycle--is it better to go to bed later?
Why do you hear music inside your head when wearing headphones, even when you hold the phones some distance from your head?
Can the V * I * E theory of motivation explain the motivation of Nelson Mandela?
Understanding Melatonin
How does TD-learning explain trace conditioning?
Reading / Math task for evoking affective states
List of nonverbal expressions of primary and secondary emotions
Latency between actual neurons firing and muscles response in open and close fist experiment
How to map EEG time-series and visualize meditative states frequencies?
Why does the summer holiday go so quickly?
How do brain zaps occur?
How accurate is a person's estimate of their social networks knowledge?
What is the correlation between self-rated and objective measures of intelligence?
What stops this (one weird) hypnotic trick having the reverse effect to intended?
Psychology literature on present bias
Is there knowledge of the receptive field patterns of cortical columns in associative brain regions?
Why do colors affect emotion?
How can a narcissist be given negative feedback without triggering aggressive behavior?
Why is PES biologically plausible?
What's the relation between PES and LSA?
Biological Plausibility of FORCE training
Is there an Illusion of Completeness of Understanding
How to track eye movements with electrodes?
Yerkes-Dodson Law and Drugs
How does the L-game by Edward de Bono demonstrate lateral thinking?
What happens with stress, if there's distraction before a story reaches it's end?
Why are we attracted to screens?
Is praying the Catholic rosary a meditation and does it enhance brain plasticity?
Is dyslexia less common among visually impaired?
Does risk of developing depression continue to increase after age 60?
Determining if participants learned the objects as a whole or feature by feature
Effectiveness of aversion therapy for procrastination
Comparison of Aversion Therapy to other interventions for nail-biting
Is robustness to interruption related to the ability to multi-task?
How does processing of T1 images affect tractography after registering the DWI to T1?
What is the meaningful difference between someone with a 145 IQ compared to a 100 IQ?
Is there anything comparable to the IPIP for IO psychology, work psychology and the like?
Are all dendrites targeted by an axon, or are there a lot of "empty" dendrites?
What safeguards are in place to prevent abuse of power?
Is psychology equivalent to physics of the 1900s?
Can a mother's untimely death lead to misogyny?
How does the brain process generalizations?
What happens in my retina if I press on my eyeballs?
Freeware for measuring keystroke duration
How does the neocortex distinguish between perception and imagination?
What to expect from a seriously mentally ill individual when a poor prognosis is revealed through improper channels?
What is the capacity of the human brain?
Is an avoidance of incest/inbreeding learned or instinctive?
What is the leading alternative to the "stages" model of grieving?
Validity of limerance as a romantic evolutionary stage
Models of romantic relationships evolution
How will brain-computer interfacing work?
Pleasure can be implicated in a chemical reaction in the brain, but does this really affect the intensity of the feeling?
What does it mean for there to be more variance within groups than between groups in IQ?
Window and noverlap values in pwelch function of Matlab
Could the knowledge of the construct of self-efficacy affect the student's aptitude to a certain task?
What is the difference between work engagement and flow?
What is the difference between flow and cannabis induced high?
Which long-term effects can hypocortisolism have on behavior?
Where can I find the connectivity matrix of the connectome of C. Elegans?
Understanding a negative correlation between Pc and signal strength
How to deal with childhood trauma effectively?
Examples of behavioural breakdowns in game theory?
Why could too much BDNF be detrimental in terms of depression and memory?
Is there time in dreams?
What is a phobia against babies or kids called?
Are there any tests for one's belief or philosophy?
Consciousness as sufficient complexity
PTSD recovery / prefrontal cortex blood flow
How to frame survey questions to get honest response?
Within psychiatry, how is homosexuality discussed or classified?
Inter-subject signal sensitivity estimation?
Guidelines for self-help group for people who go through divorce/breakup
How to measure and quantify concentration or focus?
Psychological theories about the end of a romantic relationship
How can you tell the difference between "natural" homosexuality and "trauma related" homosexuality
Are self-described "socially conscious" individuals less likely to show implicit bias as measured by the implicit association test (IAT)?
Is habituation responsible for inaccurate airport security screenings?
What do we know about schizophrenia and mathematics?
Schizophrenia : Need a professional opinion
Is our sense of smell heightened when we are asleep?
Do we know anything about the psychology of "irrational numbers"
Episodic Memory Decoding
Does the peripheral nervous system processes information like central neurons do?
Evidence of cannabis exposure causing schizophrenia?
Does verified evidence for Freudian repression of traumatic memories exist?
Do people with birth defects feel phantom limbs?
Bipolar and paintings
Who do we count as "intelligent" and why?
How do we know how to cry?
What is acquaintance and how can it help a person?
What is the reason behind terrorist attacks?
Is Hypnosis more effective than a placebo?
Scientifically credible texts on how to perform Hypnosis
What explains the characteristics of the receptive fields of simple cells in V1?
Name of the psychological phenomenon of doing something just because you've already started doing it?
Any research on brain's processes involved in evil actions?
What, other than humans, can possess an IQ?
A framework for modeling tasks, behaviors and characteristics
What is the definition of a healthy mind?
Correlation between "mechanical aptitude" and IQ
Psychological effects of being recorded as genderless at birth
What is the fastest sorting algorithm for humans?
Can subliminal affirmations really use the subconscious mind to naturally reshape your nose?
Is there a (evolutionary) purpose of self-pity?
Can you Counteract the Negative Effects of Sleep Deprivation?
What variables allow one to empirically and scientifically quantify trends for learning curves?
What cognitive bias (loosely) makes us all the more susceptible to the golden age fallacy
Proven research about how to minimise Continuous Partial Attention?
What is the name of the "Things are more visible once you learn about them" phenomenon?
Relative distance
Which filter should be applied to the EEG signal for the stress stimulus?
How to use a QUEST staircase in 2-AFC?
Name or theory for a particular phenomenon pertaining to ideological possession
Development of logical thinking/problem solving/learning capacity associated with math/physics
Is there any update on the hypothesis on primary emotions corresponding on "love"?
How to differentiate attentiveness, arousal and memory via gamma oscillations
Is the effect of music on stress just due to beat entrainment?
Double blindedness in a fully remote trial
Ambiguity in self-evaluating Likert-scale questions
How does alcohol increase firing rate in Golgi cells?
Is it possible to increase/train your intelligence?
What is "intelligence" in "artificial intelligence"?
Is speech perceived as set of phonemes by human?
Is the order of stimulus pairings in second order conditioning relevant?
Understanding fear as a response in classical conditioning
How is compassion "derailed" into self-pity
Does consumption of amino acid supplements improve human executive function and self-regulation in ADHD cases?
Does this rdists package provide actual (predicted) response time for each observation?
Noise free EEG signal data base
Which is more true about learning?
What are common parameters for the Eriksen flanker task?
Active Learning vs. Engaged Learning
Antonym for apophenia
EEGlab: power spectral density from a single EEG lead
Is there a name for sudden addiction relieving clarity?
What is the current status of Paraphrenia?
Can animals develop mental disorders that are unique or similar to our own?
Is "gaslighting" a mainstream concept in the cognitive sciences?
Fear Conditioning and Hippocampal Remapping
What is the primary source of the "mount stupid" graphic?
How much evidence is needed to support a claim?
Which Meditation Techniques Correlate Best with Certain Brain-Waves?
Immediate effect of extensive exercise on cognitive performance
What percentage of the U.S. (Adult?) population has at some point considered suicide?
Psilocybin for treatment of anxiety disorder
Does night-sleep-deprivation have any effect on cognitive performance?
Is there a limit on the rate at which incoming information can be comprehended?
What is the computational role of the cortical column?
Is there a word or phrase that describes emotional self harm?
What is the connection between cognitive dissonance and confirmation bias?
Examples of interventions that yield large long term effect sizes in psychology
Do violent videos and video games affect your behaviour?
What are current trends in autistic treatment regarding hyper sensitivity?
Manhood Ceremonies
Term for Resistance to Change
What causes passion, psychologically and chemically, and how does it last?
What are the best known causes and treatments for apathy?
Question about perceived stubborn behavior patterns
Why brain can't get used to low dopamine levels?
What is the difference between Symbolism and Abstract thinking in Piaget's Theory?
Are the "scientific" points made in the James Damore document factually accurate?
How to stain for orexin neurons in mice?
Is there any direct or indirect empirical support for the effectiveness of Mel Robbins' five second rule?
Is there a scientific term for "situational" differences in behaviour?
The role of high-performance in neuropsychology
How to look for correlations between heart rate and eda
To what extent is it true that both too much stress and too much relaxation lead to mental shortcuts?
Calculate threshold from 'binary' yes/no data
Does increased neural complexity slows down brain operation speeds?
What challenges the ideasthesia balance theory has to answer?
Why does paraphrasing result in failure to obtain the spacing effect?
How can I visualize DTI tractography streamlines generated from FSL's probtrackX in 3D?
Can brain zaps be demonstrated by EEG?
Does the wrist have more neurons than the finger?
How to work with EDA data in R environment?
Is there evidence for “because it’s boring, it’s very easy to make errors”
What is the meaning of Trump's 'thumb-and-index-pinch' when he speaks?
Does the Perception that Stress Affects Health Matter? The Association with Health and Mortality
Why do we come to like some songs after re-listening to them a few times?
What are the different theories about how the brain processes speech?
Which is the most valid/validated scale for diagnosis of Major depression for an Indian population?
What are some credible conferences and journals in computational neuroscience?
Is it dangerous to take an antipsychotic drug irregularly?
Can we interconnect with other people mentally during dreaming?
What are the names of the white matter tracts in the cortico-ventral basal ganglia circuit?
The Art of Teaching: What are the most effective & proven methods for successfully imparting a concept/idea to another
How is brain able to evoke almost real physical feelings in dreams?
Name of the bias towards not seeing small harm of many as important?
Spike-timing-dependent plasticity versus Homeostatic plasticity
Is stimming only limited to people with autism or other disabilities or do neurotypical people stim as well? Is stimming always a symptom?
Counterfactual thinking and the origin of language
Random-dot kinematograms implementation in javascript/HTML
How do I measure ratio of EEG frequency band for a few electrodes in decibels?
In I.Q. and Cognitive Tests, What Sequence Patterns Should be Applied?
Is a low Emotional Intelligence (EQ) pathological?
Does Emotional Intelligence (EQ) demonstrate the Flynn Effect?
Is it true that acting can affect one's behavior?
Is there an accepted age range for peak creativity?
Is Approximate Number System used only for comparing magnitudes of groups of things, or does it also help in actual counting?
Conceptual representations in brain by distributed groups of neurons
How do we not think everyone is the same person from a slightly different position?
LSD and tryptamines harmless or neurotoxic?
Single person with largest number of fMRI scans
Are chatbots based on deceased loved ones healthy?
The Effects of Hate
What is the meaning of the brain scan of borderline patients?
Anchoring Heuristic: a type of heuristic or the mechanism of functioning of heuristics?
Implicit Learning vs. Latent Learning
Classic 1960s experiment on "post hoc" / "obvious after the fact" bias
How does speed listening work?
Calculating chance behavior and behavioral strategies in delayed response paradigm
Are There National Personality Archetypes?
Hypothetical working and function of grandmother cells
IQ, Intelligence and Critical Thinking
What is 'n-dynamics' mentioned by Poli?
A mind experiment about probability
Is there a test that measures gender dysphoria?
Accuracy of psychopy keystroke duration measurement
Can you read in your dreams?
To what extent is maths talent innate?
Is Freudian Psychology a scientifically valid contribution to the Cognitive Sciences?
How bright must a light bulb to be noticed in a room?
Is it possible for a human to feel no emotion?
Use of the visual cortex in mathematical thinking?
How do ideas come to our minds?
Are the receptive fields of bipolar and retinal ganglion cells directly stimulated by light?
Serializing and deserializing stable states of Hopfield networks
Voltage-dependent ion channels as operators
Why do only about 20% of the people with a heart attack report a near-death experience?
Effect of plateau in BTSP
are serotonin levels higher or lower in dominant vs. non-dominant primates and humans?
What are the criticisms of Jung?
Working Memory Timing Information Storage
Which is the actual scientific position on the expression of human emotions?
Is there a waterfall visual after-effect with discrete inputs?
Simultaneous extracellular recording from different distant sites (in rodents)
What is the cause of differences that are too small to see?
In the digit span test, why do some strategies work and others don't?
Is there a validated questionnaire on consumer well-being?
Can we identify specific emotions on the basis of fMRI scans?
Ligand-gated ion channels as operators
What causes people to betray each other when facing the prisoner's dilemma?
Are studies included in most meta-analyses based on a narrow range of participants?
Which Cognitive Sciences are the most affected by the Replication Crisis?
How can tacit knowledge be measured?
During body-scan ('sweeping') meditation, what does brain-imaging (e.g. fMRI) look like?
How to understand what a low score or high score is for a particular measure?
payoff matrix design for games of chance
Learning by listening versus learning by reading
Is there any difference in social status for gay and lesbian?
Share of happy marriages
Is there an inventory to measure competence in the workplace?
Relation of confidence and problem solving ability
Is it possible to calculate the probability of a child having an IQ in a certain range based on their parents' IQ?
What are the definitions of 'multi-channel coding' and 'opponent channel coding'?
What is the best time-effective study technique?
What are the temporal limits of the auditory system?
What's the technical name for this cognitive bias?
How to cope with the problem of noise in fMRI?
Analysis of psychology/sociology of fashion?
Sleep vs. Trance
Best sensor/wearable to measure ppg and/or gsr
How good (or bad) is everyday event memory?
How can visual thinking be avoided?
How can I test reaction time?
Efficiency of multitasking depending on task difficulty
Link between visual-spatial + verbal working memory and intelligence/academic achievement?
What is the cause of frequent nightmares?
What happens at sampling rates lower or higher that the Nyquist rate?
Which is heritable: personality or temperament?
Gamifying surveys by measuring the ability to discern popular taste
Testosterone in women vs. estrogen in men?
Canonical Literature for "Big 5" Personality Theory
Question concerning Jeff Hawkins' On Intelligence
Discovery Learning vs. Inductive Learning vs. Active Learning vs. Engaged Learning
Definition of valence, arousal and dominance
Cockroach olfactory bulb response to novel stimuli
Why does handwriting change?
What is the optimal way to run the Piaget Conservation of Number Task?
Learning In Retina
Can information be lost while traveling through neurotransmitters?
Are emotions a function of muscle contractions? If so, how does the map look like?
What electrical stimuli do brain implants use?
How to fix a cognitive distortion?
A formal term for overcoming something, or getting over something
Does mindful meditation inhibit diffuse thinking (aka default mode network), creativity and make studying less effective?
Why do people bully other people?
What is there in learning to ride a bicycle?
Are there any long term cognitive impairments from prolonged period reduced sleep?
Is acceptance of the science of global warming by politicians primarily a result of the bandwagon effect?
Who was the first theorist to define a list of psychological defense mechanisms?
Can One Have a Temporary Manifestation of Dyslexia?
Is there a named psychological condition for people who find every bad thing to be someone's "fault?"
Can drugs cause positive reinforcement for undesirable tasks?
Can similarity be confused with recency?
Matching continous patterns in visual signals
Finding the repeating part of a signal
Term for Plotting (as in behavior)
Does the digit span test draw on any executive functions besides working memory, if "chunking" is not used?
Do action potential thresholds vary in "capacity" significantly, and if so, does input frequency correspond to action potential thresholds?
What does "non-linear processing" mean, exactly?
How to generate the reward signal in temporal difference (TD) learning algorithm?
Matching patterns in auditory signals
Can alter-personas of a person with MPD/DID have mental diseases of their own that other 'alters' don't have
Splitting EEG signal by marker using BrainVisionAnalyser
Why is homosexuality considered "natural"?
Experiments showing adaptation to growing task complexity
Is anyone aware of any cognitive models that appraises interior design preferences?
Effect of compactness of notation on cognition?
Can sport be used as a counselling tool to help one deal with negative life events?
What is the rationale for the normal distribution of intelligence?
Assessments of depression: Does the rate of false positives vary between the qualification of those testing?
Are there any methodological challenges to study real-time social interactions?
A doctor told me that cephalic index can be used to measure human intelligence, is it true?
What, if any, objective tests were designed for the assessment of altruism?
Does Machiavellianism concept attempt to combine different personalty types?
How to prime gammatone filters?
Is there a disorder similar to dyscalculia but only for time/date arithmetic? (also memory)
(Ekmans' Atlas of Emotions) What meaning (if any) can be deduced from the geometry of the "mountain" depicting a given emotion?
Understanding Precision Psychiatry
Who first filmed and researched unconscious synchronized movement?
Advancement to Likert Scale
Is a concept of machiavellianism useful?
Is there any evidence that environmental enrichment enchances executive functioning in humans?
INPP Neuromotor Immaturity
Why is positive semi definiteness a sufficient condition for Lyapunov stability of the Hopfield networks?
Functional fixedness for defining problems
Name for problems with a short-term pay off but small long term cost?
Is memory stored at different scales?
Why our brain can't fool itself to constantly produce dopamine?
Why do we long for freedom?
If traumatic experiences that trigger PTSD can be blocked by a memory blocker
Homosexuality independent researches
How does Cannabis cause psychosis?
I am omitting some words when typing unintentionally
Are spatial memory and mental mapping skills the same?
Perception of buy-able items in mobile games and tricking users into in-app purchases
Omitting word(s) when typing
Why does tactile stimulation such as massage sometimes trigger repressed memories or emotions?
What is the most robust method for peer grading?
Region of Interest Proposal in Vision
Is there a correlation between schemas and social constructs?
How do patients with an amputated limb experience and report their phantom perceptions?
How do I stream SMI glasses eye tracker data into MATLAB?
SPM5 - contrast vectors too long when applied to a new SPM.mat file
Can the Hodgkin-Huxley neuron incorporate desensitization?
Why didn't the Left Twix/Right Twix ad campaign take off?
Benefits of Preserving Dopamine
Genetic basis of prescriptivism
What happened to self-administered aversion therapy (with a rubber band in particular)?
What is the consequences to be a person who works in theory of science?
What are the benefits of giving feedback to subjects during a discrimination task?
Does a comparable metaphor exist for cognition that exists for slow & fast twitch muscle fibers?
Do you know the name of this psychological phenomenon?
Evidence for existential depression as a distinct subtype?
Can drugs cause a psychosis, or only unlock it?
Does sadism correlate with narcissism?
How to analyze reaction choice experiments?
Proportion of covert narcissists (and their structure)
Does wealth cause (or correlates with) narcissism?
Representations of negated propositions
Causality studies between porn use and masturbation frequency?
Dopamine dysregulation syndrome in non-Parkison's subjects?
Does savant people have an Higher/Lower Working Memory?
What is "synaptic polarity" in a chemical synapse?
Predator/prey-like simulations for dark tetrad traits?
How to analyse EEG files recorded from Brain Products V-Amp (Brain Vision Recorder)?
Are inhibitory synapses governed by different chemicals than excitatory synapses?
What did Freud intend as the referent of 'Das Es' (Latin: 'id')? Why didn't he name with the referent?
Academic performance
How might the "Imposter Syndrome" typology be reconciled with the robustness of the "self-serving bias"?
Do children learn to play musical instrument more easily than adults?
Can a bipolar EEG signal be converted to a monopolar (unipolar) one?
How likely is it that rate-of-test-taking impacts on WM tests?
By which neuronal mechanisms does music make us happy or sad?
Desigining an online survey with two levels of randomisation
Innateness of perceiving music as happy or sad
Why are EEG markers usually sent over the parallel port?
MPD get rid of?
What is the origin of the belief that the heart plays a role in influencing the emotions?
Do the feelings related to Transference always originate from parents?
How common are single-author research articles in cognitive psychology?
Does learning (to play) music increase IQ?
Name of false answer effect in surveys
Long term effects of a high self monitor who voluntarily chooses a contradictory self-presentation
What percentage of those diagnosed with schizophrenia didn't have brain abnormalities?
Do central pattern generators control musical performance?
How much tablet time is bad for kids?
Does dreaming cuts our sleeping hours?
How do I determine whether my EEG signal needs denoising?
Platforms to make online experiments with counterbalancing
What is the difference between a bias and a heuristic explained in layman terms?
EEG segmentation and denoising which one should done first?
Theorem of uncertainty in cognitive science
Can I read what the person thinking through electrodes or something similar?
Knowability of "repressed" in Freud's theory
What is the history of self-experimentation in cognitive science?
Negative thoughts as cause or consequence of depression
What does 'Mean Diffusivity' tell me about the connectivity of cortical areas?
Does MEG measure the sum of neural activity or the maximum?
Converting Big 5 questionnaire data to Big 5 scores using R
Accuracy and precision of wearable devices to measure galvanic skin response?
Effect of overtime hours on morale / retention at a job?
Evidence and arguments for and against bounded rationality?
Cognitive benefits of learning how to code ?
Classical or Operant Conditioning?
Is there a known mechanism by which people fall asleep less easy after watching TV?
Can non-spiking neurons have a sustained synaptic output current?
What is the name of the effect whereby learning past a level increases mastery of that level?
Shipbuilding experiment about leader selection
Physiologically speaking is anxiety and adrenaline the same?
Cortisol in Generalized Anxiety Disorder: is there a consensus?
Why do people like to listen to sad songs?
"How easily can you succumb to propaganda and manipulation" test
What causes muscle stiffness contraction and tension during stress
Condensed NEO-PI test
Where do psychologists typically search for literature?
What is (or is there) a clear distinction between cognitive and motivational explanations for a hypothesis?
Difference between brain and electronic device signals
Is staying with an abusive partner actually indicative of Stockholm syndrome?
Is V1 involved in visual imagery?
Relation of serotonin level and mood/depression
What if we would fill room with face drawings? Would that change us?
What is the most effective treatment for ADD and ADHD that excludes chemical prescriptions from a doctor?
What is the psychology behind the mass crying of the crowds at superstar music concerts?
Lowering people's serotonin levels does not change their mood?
Is tianeptine addictive?
Risk aversion and/or loss aversion in partner-abuse victims who persist in their relationship with the abuser?
Euphoria from oxygen deprivation
What type of friends do narcissists have?
Bipolar narcissism?
Is there a survey regarding the meaning of distress in the definition of mental disorder?
Is there evidence or indication that highly sensitive people (HSP) can feel elektromagnetic waves?
Study on likability, weakness, and competence?
What is the term covering psychology disorders and language acquiring?
How are people working in psychophysics trained?
Baby Names and the Hive Mind
Does white noise impair studying, reading, recall/memory or learning?
How does on one create a circumplex model (multiple answers)?
If babies were isolated, would they develop their own language?
Do stimulants increase the IQ tests score for everyone?
Does the brain's architecture change while growing up?
Procedures behind establishing the IQ scale
Is there a way for a man to be as sensitive as women in understanding other's thoughts and emotions?
Are there any introductory books about the relationship between art and psychology/cognition?
Childhood IQ and pattern of drug use in adulthood
Which possible methods can be used to determine if a certain part of the brain is active?
Calculating brain-part volume percentage?
Neurogensis in CNS invloves apoptosis of scar cells?
Psychological explanation for the success of "class systems" in video games
Name of the psychological condition for someone who creates dramas because they need it in their lives
Give me 5 simple reasons why Applied Kinesiology is bogus
Is Fluid Intelligence Dropoff With Age an Established Fact?
Why do male brains not detect extra "F"
Does self-handicapping lead to lower future effort?
How exactly does transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) work?
Do antipsychotics have a delayed onset of action similar to (monoamine) antidepressants?
Is there a case of multiple personalities that is not a disorder?
Precise term for a sort of social pressure
Can a person do things against their own will and be conscious of it at the same time?
What was creativity called before the 1950s, i.e. before Guilford coined the term?
(Why) Do US studies of violence and mental illness tend to report no link but European studies seem to find one?
Is this brain map scientifically correct?
Task-based vs task-positive networks
Does the taste of sugar replenish willpower?
How to detect which memory is being used when answering a yes or no question?
Scientific legacy of Carl Jung (and of analytical psychology)?
Ben Franklin effect: mkay, what about help vampires?
Eyewitness testimony study from Power of Habit
Why would someone be offended if you season your food before eating it?
Is detection of angry faces more efficient in humans?
What is the best unobtrusive and objective method to measure mental workload?
(Flavours of) Psychophysiological Interactions
Neural field application question
Why is Biological plausibility in Machine Learning important?
How can we determine if a traumatic event in our youngest days can influence our present behaviour?
What is the frequency range of electrotactile stimulation?
What does "unconscious memory" mean?
Why are empty spaces around hippocampus and striatum not filled with astrocytes?
Episodic-memory amnesia preserving fear conditioning
Longitudinal studies on: how attention to emotional stimuli develops from infancy to childhood?
What type of imagination is responsible for hallucinations?
Does psychology have a name for emotions that a person can feel but cannot name?
Is a more specific breathing technique better than just slow, deep breathing for calming oneself?
How is hypnosis not mind control?
Why does a higher post-synaptic cell resistance lead to a higher voltage change when current is applied?
Is hypnosis-enhanced therapy more efficacious than its non-hypnotic counterpart?
Are emoji smiles also contagious?
Do men, on average, have a higher general intelligence score?
Memorization of incorrect math facts
Memorising phone numbers with symmetrical digit arrangement (e.g. 321 123)
Bias in survey questions based on either positive or negative wording
Are there dual-process IQ tests?
Mental rotation test in a virtual environment
How to counteract the deterioration of speech in stutterers by targeting sympathetic arousal?
Does the perception of odors change over time?
To what extent is face-detection achieved in peripheral vision?
Research on improving long term focus
Psychological behavior of talking alone in front of mirror.
Are the skills trained and learn from world memory championship transferable?
Is talking to oneself loudly a very common sign of schizophrenia?
What criteria decides whether a technique is CBT?
physical symptoms of anxiety
ROI analysis of a Z-Score map
What is the psychological term for reframing that uses false statements?
What are the differences between Cognitive, Psycho-linguistic, and Behavioral approaches to learning?
Cognitive control tasks
Is Behaviorism a type of Functionalism?
Are many anticonvulsants just coincidentally also psychoactive?
Culture and/or personality influences on asking feeler questions
Is there any significant empirical evidence showing drawbacks of ACT therapy?
How to prevent falling for Jingle-Jangle fallacies?
How can I run a placebo medication pills study? Practical advice needed
Is there an innate human bias against admitting you are wrong or uncertain?
What is the consensus on the Golden Rectangle?
Is it possible to raise the complexity of what you can mentally process?
Do hallucinogenics affect chronic pain?
Talking about a problem helps (software developing)
How do different emotional intensity ratings within a condition influence the comparison across different conditions in an event-related fMRI task?
is saving money intrinsic or extrinsically motivated?
Can you give an example of automatic appraisal process?
Programmer: Effects of pauses on stress
Perception: thinking a minority behavior in a minority group is the majority of said group
How am I able to distinguish between Chinese and Japanese when I don't speak either language?
Informative texts on psychoanalysis?
The interactions between hallucinations and reality in people with schizophrenia
What's the relationship between priming and availability heuristic?
Is it true that old people loose the ability think creatively/ formulate new ideas
Is there any research about effect of unfamiliar environment on stress?
Why are there few studies in the literature regarding human's pheromones?
Difference between drowsiness/sedation and sleepiness
why can't we override memory priority?
Country records about criminal recidivism rates
How is the effect of current vote scores on people's votes interpreted in psychology?
What is an explaination for the light-headed and slow-motion feeling after a long hard mental exam?
Does associative recognition retrieve target when given re-paired foil?
PSE with Palamedes or Psignifit
Due to Gestalt Psychology, is the face an illusion?
Multiple-stratum intelligence models
Why is conditioned taste aversion an example of classical conditioning (rather than operant)?
Why pale when we fear and red when we are angry
Are there any practical implications for the purported neuroprotective effects of lamotrigine?
Is this an accurate/correct example of pre-exercise? If not, what are some examples?
Is it possible to condition oneself to not be bothered by distressing sounds?
How is at called when a person can't feel the sense of recognition?
Features for blink detection in real-time single channel EEG
How does this experiment prove a causal relation between coherence and good feelings?
False statement by a dominant person in a group survives even if that person leaves the group
How to implement an incidental processing task without a fMRI-compatible response box?
Can't use the urinal when next to someone. Is this psychological?
Compute single patient Z-Scores from atlas anatomical zone
Catching a thief in a closed circle of people
Study claims that human brain does not produce new brain cells?
Calculating statistical significance in behaviour change
Is belief a choice?
Priming people with self-image/social-image concerns
How does Brief Strategic Therapy (Nardone model) compare to other psychotherapies in efficacy?
Is synchronization between the MRI scanner and the stimulus presentation necessary for every trial?
Validity of the "Common Factors" perspective
Is there any correlation between n-back level and short-term memory?
How are commercial psychometric instruments or content protected legally?
How can a country's IQ be different of 100, if the average IQ of a population is always 100?
Can a person be subjected to long term physical pain as a result of psychological abuse
Do twin studies overestimate heritability?
Is epigenetic the study of environment/genome interaction?
Why is it hard to do a task while actually you can do it?
Are Sex Offender Treatment Programmes (SOTPs) effective?
systems of thinking - how to relearn
How does one escape learned helplessness?
Cognitive Bias, illusory truth effect: its effects on Software Engineers
Can you get addicted from using topical or local anaesthetics to ease pain?
In TD learning, is the weight function used as a linear filter?
In psychiatry, what does double-bookkeeping mean?
Synesthesia hearing to see
Jung's Anima and Neurological Basis in Split-Brain Patients; Left-Persona and Right-Anima
Do memories cease to exist?
Has there been any substantive neuroimaging done to study Gendler's belief/alief distinction?
Filter of perception
Why am I sometimes astonished when I doze
Test to evaluate attention in Autism
Why we construct and estimate human brain models?
Which is easier for human perception: type of variable before or after its name?
Facebook dopamine kick - any proof?
Intuition behind loss quadrant of prospect theory
Proportion of cortex dedicated for vision and hearing
What's the difference between Confirmation Bias and the Affect Heuristic?
Seeing others with anorexia nervosa vs. "thinspiration"
How does emotional stress cause skeletal muscle rigidity?
EEG in fMRI: High frequency "deltas" in EEG after gradient artifact removal
Is Tinnitus a result of brain damage?
saccadic countermanding task
Ability to identify an "average" vs a maximum (or minimum)?
What exactly does paranoid mean in terms of psychoactive drugs?
Does a general impairment test exist, that specifically would be useful for the context of driving?
What determines inebriated personality?
Why is almost all therapy done as one-hour sessions weekly?
How can I argue the year range for a sample?
How can I take the Token Test?
Polypharmacy involving sumatriptan, tramadol and serotoninergic antidepressants and risk of serotonin syndrome
The origin of the term "construct" in the cognitive sciences
Mirror neurons in different ape & child rearing
If demyelination doesn't typically occur, what happens when a musician doesn't practice for a month?
What is the study that identified that kids growing up without fathers were angrier and more depressed?
What does it mean one performs perfect and quickest Stroop tests?
Does the percieved attraction of peers change significantly when living in a foreign culture?
What is the corresponding study about the effects of growing up without a mother?
How long can neuron adaptation last?
Are psychometrics used in the public sector?
Can people act randomly?
Is it possible to recall old memories without altering them?
Is there research that estimates when people think something supposedly random is rigged?
Can individuals with schizophrenia be talked out of their delusions?
Best meditation techniques to overcome Behavioral Addictions?
Are cycles possible in circuits of neurons?
Comprehensive Overview of the Literature regarding Meditation
Resources about relaxation training as used in CBT
Word for naming your negative self-talk to overcome it
What are the correlation between the Big 5 (OCEAN) dimensions of personality?
What's the difference between cognitive distortions and logical fallacies?
Quasi-experiment: If I change some procedures from my pilot experiment, can I still compare post-intervention results to the pilot results?
Should I look at the data of an experiment before the dataset is complete?
What's a simple definition for reactive attachment disorder?
What would be the Term for this Character Trait?
Is it recommendable to put participants in different conditions across trials?
Can the mind be trained to equanimously observe compulsive urges/cravings (without giving in / acting out)?
Why do people have different opinions about an object when they are given different information about that object?
Rat between two walls viewed as a product in a category
What is restriction of range correction formula when you don't know standard deviation of unrestricted group?
What is the diagnosis when someone suffers only from negative symptoms of schizophrenia?
Is getting trapped in an asylum a realistic scenario?
Diagnosis for consistently preceiving mild displeasure as personal threats?
Is there a robust method to prove the existence of reincarnation?
Is it possible to develop dementia by eating bone marrow?
Is there a difference in time based goals and achievement goals?
What ways are there to think?
Why does daylight-saving have such a big impact on us and weekends don't?
Preconditioning before asking a favor
Why are young girls writing love letters to the Parkland shooter?
What is a "norming experiment"?
Can someone who is born a psychopath acquire empathy through conditioning and neuroplasticity?
From a neuroscientific standpoint, what are the most effective ways to develop empathy, love and compassion for others?
How much pleasure can brain endure?
Can an axon connect to dendrites of multiple other neurons?
What is a effective and interactive exercise to demonstrate cognition to a class
Are emotions needed to make decisions?
Why do brains prefer internal consistency?
What does 'Taxonimize' mean here?
Name of sound-induced-hunger condition
What is the rule that describes sufficiently large groups will have bad actors?
What is the Golden Standard of Testing Fluid Intelligence?
How does SPA relate to deep learning concepts?
What is meant by this line, "Much of Neisser’s critique of ﬁltering makes semantic rather than functional distinctions"?
Term for Sudden Change in Beliefs
What is the difference between problem solving and intelligence?
Is there any negative social or psychological implication of the current “slime” preoccupation of teenagers (mostly girls)?
Does female attractiveness correlate with age progression?
What is the shadow?
What are the benefits of using all 30 personality facets in multiple regressions compared to just including hypothesised facets?
neurolinguistics: origin of language
What does it mean for someone to "join narratives to explain their experiences"?
Are cognitive functions strictly divided in the left and right hemispheres?
Is the effect related to shutting your eyes when a car is turning well known?
Negative correlation between AQ score and EFT score
Is there any disease that prevents a person from being angry?
Do major historic events have a lasting impact on humankind's objective happiness?
Importance of colors in learning process?
Is there an explanation for concepts or situations that are repeated within a short amount of time?
Converting Kendall's τ to r for meta-analysis
Cognitive psychology and tipping point of believing a fact.
How is the g-factor of intelligence calculated?
What does it mean statistically for there to be significant differences in average IQ scores between racial groups?
Is the phenomenom of “subjective consciousness” or “qualia” formally captured by any state-of-the-art Theoretical Model in Neuroscience?
Bias of finding others guilty of own shortcomings
Task-based fMRI dataset with very simple task (e.g. view stripes)
What would the effect on psychology experiments be if we found out that one person sees blue if another sees red?
Visualization of ICA (Independent component analysis) results to the brain spatial regions
Establishing personality from shape AND color preferences
Benefits of social eating outside of family units
Any studies on authority influence in non-expertise area? (e.g., police captain giving medical advice)?
The impact of adverse historical event on individual time preference
How many items in a list can a human create without repetition?
What does it mean to "control for differences in factors" when looking at gun ownership and homicide rates?
With psychological projection originating in psychoanalysis, is the concept currently considered valid?
How do Terence Tao's "three stages of rigorousness" relate to cognitive science?
Why does cathodal tDCS (negative) produce sensation, while anodal tDCS (positive) does not?
What percentage of questions on Weschler Adult Intelligence Scale-IV 23 deal with environmental issues and climate change?
Resources for learning how best to learn fine motor skills
What are good introductory books on mathematical psychology?
Do laws and taboos affect personality in destructive ways?
Temporal and frequency analysis of brain network to study autism disorders
Why we do what we aren't allowed to do
Stroke amelioration
I have two different IQs; which one is the real one?
Why do I perform better at rhythm games after a long period of not playing?
Difference between panazep and lupizep
Why does having many options harm decision making?
Correlation of g and Honesty, Rationality, etc?
How does the brain generate answers to questions?
Are there universal facial expressions for asking questions?
Voxel wise comparison (Voxel Based Morphometry or VBM) across subjects in fMRI studies
What is it called when I a person transfers his angry towards another person, instead of the person that cause and anger?
How do you randomize within a Qualtrics form without breaking timing?
What does fMRI data look like after pre-processing?
How does aging effect performance at maths and science?
experimental tracking and treating bipolar disorder
Raven Progressive Matrix: why's my chosen square wrong?
Which computer video games can improve intelligence, barring Medal of Honor?
Why aren't any advancements being made in physically diagnosing Bipolar and other psychiatric disorders?
What's the psychological concept behind mobile game design and marketing?
Why is it hard to not read some text
Why is cultural understanding often wrong?
What are some books about the effect of childhood experiences on adult life?
Is there a guide on exactly how to report outputs (regression, anova, correspondence analysis) in APA?
When your two eyes disagree sharply
Convolutional Operations in the Visual Cortex
In general, how does one resolve two competing theories in Psychology?
Are thoughts transferred along with a brain during a brain transplantation?
Long-Term (Not WM) Memory Norms
Most successful techniques to cope with emotional aversiveness when faced with tasks outside comfort zone?
Experiments demonstrating irreligious people spontaneously developing superstitious rituals?
Term for when the more you invest yourself in something, the less you agree to drop it
Research on teaching / learning methods for personality types
Is Maslow's hierarchy of needs really accurate at labeling sex as a physiological "need"?
Named conditions that are the result of exposure to psychopathic behavior of another person?
Improving reading speed for complex material for already high comprehenders by eliminating mental vocalization?
Is pattern recognition a measure of spatial IQ?
Is quick left brain vs right brain test fake?
What is the term for the "knowing what you think but can't explain it" phenomenon?
Encouraging Kindness in Rich People?
Statistic analysis on EEG data - how to deal with it properly?
In fMRI analyses, what is the t-test actually comparing?
Participant compensation and engagement in online studies
What is an appropriate background for cognitive modeling?
Role of extreme experiences in psychological development
Probiotics and Mental Health
Can gamification lead to better group cooperation?
Why is the hopfield network a model of associative memory?
Does getting any job (no matter how demeaning) builds up one's character?
How moral reasoning is measured?
Does NMDA-receptor activation depend on neighboring AMPA-receptor activity?
Opposite of White Bear principle?
Why do humans fail to correctly repeat the same word over and over again?
Classical test theory: Covariance of two variables
Has the optimal learning speed been studied?
Criteria for Something to be Considered a Mental Disorder
Reason for Inter-stimulus-Interval in psychology studies
How to fit an ex-wald distribution model with R?
Does neurodynamics have any relation to psychodynamics?
How to statistically test whether parents and children share similar humor styles?
When to use standard versus moderator regression techniques for the most parsimonious approach?
Is hypnosis really concentration/focus?
How can I not get a joke in my dream?
Does EMDR legitimately treat any condition?
is low pitched machine synthesized speech easier to comprehend at high rates?
Why does anxiety medication work?
Technical term for "hidden addictions"
Can calmness happen during the fight-flight response?
Can reuptake absorb a selective or non-selective agonist?
Is self-actualization really a need?
Research showing short-term memory interferes with motor planning
Negative Rewards(punishment) processing in Human Brain?
On what basis do pro Gender Dysphoria professionals support mutilation and major health issues for those seeking gender re-assignment?
Escapism in the Hierarchy of Needs
Collective term for fun, relaxation and escapism
What research is there on how people go from examining/gathering evidence to executing on a decision?
Names of branches of neuroscience and related fields dealing with hunger, taste, attachment, and digestion, and their relationship to other perception
Paper finding that explicitly welcomed minorities felt less welcome
Any studies as to whether internet groups create even more groups, ideologues and "separation" than pre-internet?
Correlations with alien abduction experiences
Do separate neural circuits express separate genes in the same type of brain matter?
Lottery question, why do we people think this is logic?
Why didn't I wake up after dying in a dream?
Which experimental design is this? Factorial vs within groups
Is dissociation/detachment associated with gamma wave?
Cognition of people born by C-section vs born ordinarily?
What is a Good Working Memory Test Online (or overall if none)?
Training adults on how to react to social cues.
Subconscious response to symbols
Doing PCA and ICA analysis on EEG data with 24 channels
How did Hermann Ebbinghaus conduct memory experiments on himself?
What does science say about feeling appreciated/loved/valued?
How to increase transference on the classroom
Is there any theory supporting the idea that writing with your non-dominant hand is beneficial?
Are there psychological explanations for people being drawn to neo-nazism or other bad ideologues?
Is a person who believe that their depression is curable more likely to overcome it?
Do schizophrenics tend to believe they were gaslighted?
Why do we find high pitched voices funny?
Fitting equal-variance signal detection model to ROC data
What are examples of stimuli that we know cause a grief or sadness reaction in humans?
Do social classes hang more with the same social class?
Variation in prefrontal cortex development
Term for a disposition to ramble on special interests in conversation?
Has "induced savantism" been further explored beyond Snyder 2009?
Individual political belief test (Social and Economic Conservatism/Liberal)
Somatosensory evoked potentials
Correlationships between food choice and personality
What statistics can compare individual survey responses & others that were measured as a group (from which we need to extract individual responses)?
Inducing error-related negativity
Acceleration of subjective time with age
Carl Jung Psychology Analysis Book
What techniques can be used to differentiate between correlation and causation?
Timing accuracy in presentation of videos with different frame rates (with COGENT)
How the Brain Does Garbage Collection in Real Time
What science-based strategies can slow down dementia?
What are science-based methods to memorize large sets of best practices?
Are there official guidelines to provide "mental first aid" to people attempting suicide?
How to design psychology tests for concept formation?
What are the other "first cognitive tools" beside analogy?
Mapping concrete emotions to the PAD model
Term for Trance During Violent Episodes
How to advise a high school student about choosing a university to study psychology?
Is the belief that a consultant knows more than the team a form of cognitive bias?
What are the thoughts?
What are the top contributions from neuroscience to AI and viceversa? How much progress has been made from the interaction between these two fields?
Is it an issue to use a model for stimulus selection, when the same model is later tested against fMRI data based on those stimuli?
How can I find out why a person gets dementia?
How to identify the Default Mode Network in fMRI images?
Is there a psychological scale/measurement that can be used to determine how much of a 'victim mentality' the subject has?
Are there any types of good addiction
How can we get rid of the problems of misconception, assumption, and expectation?
Resources for reliable psychology research
fMRI ROI analysis: independence
Does the uncanny valley phenomenon apply to aural stimuli as well as visual? Addressed by research?
The computer model of the brain
How can I manipulate (decrease) cognitive load in an online survey?
Is there a difference between physiological stimulations and psychological stimulations?
Uses of the Brief Anxiety Scale
Brain computer interface Final year project
How are musical hooks defined/studied in psychology?
What hormones stimulate non-sexual intimate behaviour?
Why do we think about things we regret we said before going to sleep at night?
When and how did public nudity and sex become shameful and unacceptable?
Is there a "base set" of feelings used to classify images?
Use of Botulinum toxin A (botox) to treat depression and its effect on fight/flight repsonse
I can sometimes 'erase' an active thought - how does that work?
NEO-FFI vs. NEO-FFI-3: What's the difference?
What forms of human thinking are present on animals and protohumans?
How serious is my case and should I get help?
Is this an example of objectification?
Does the act of neural-repair fire off neurons?
Do we know a priori any rules about the world?
Rubik's Cube and building 3D visualization abilities
Brain and General Sections
Fetish development through classical conditioning?
How to report a quasi-experiment in APA?
Can you get sad by sniffing onions, just like you can get happy by forcing yourself to smile?
Is there a name for the phenomenon of perceived repeated interruption?
Is there evidence for people being afraid of something they cannot pinpoint?
Ability of fixed-effects analyses to enable generalisation of results
Why do brains oscillate within specific frequency ranges?
Is there any research on what causes a pseudo-scientific mindset?
ADHD and the Anterior Cingulate Cortex (ACC)
Is short term memory ability inherited?
Is there a name for the idea that completing a simple task increases the likelihood of completing further tasks?
What genetic polymorphisms are linked to aggression or violence?
What would be areas of ethical or safety concerns with a smartphone app interacting with people sleeping?
Differences in Cognition, Theory of Mind and their criteria
Is there a relation between the ability to recognize faces and the number of people one meets daily?
Are there any benefits to having Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder?
The number of things we can focus on at once
Is there a mental condition that makes people unconditionally gullible?
Research on how problem, presented in practical, real world format, is solved much more easily?
Difference between valence and sentiment
Are societies capable of sacrificing time and energy exclusively for the benefit of future generations?
Is it possible to enhance one's learning ability?
What does "diffuse slowing" mean in the context of EEG and Alzheimer's?
Are there advantages of psychopathic traits?
What is the neurophysiology of a thought?
Brain Dynamics at the Edge of Chaos
Is writing ability associated with IQ or intelligence?
Other studies of animals with sign language
Are millenials more risk-averse than prior generations were (at the same age)?
How do children learn the grammatical rules of counting?
Are you allowed to talk during digit span tests?
What introductory textbook is available about the corticostriatal brain circuitry?
Is there any evidence for the cell assembly?
Training adjustments of synaptic Weights
Does anybody know a source having multi-electrode (several channels) recorded data of multiple Neurons (I prefer real data not artificial)?
Are there any types of meditation/mindfulness intervention not starting with breathing exercises?
Does practicing Ravens Progressive Matrices tests inflate your IQ score?
What is the difference between a need, a drive, and a motive?
Connection between sociosexual orientation and parental instincts?
What are the neurological similarities between humans and primates?
What is the difference between mathematical psychology and quantitative psychology?
Is there a name for being obsessed with matte surfaces/objects/items?
Has there been any studies of pathological "nomad-ness"?
Thesaurus for types of psychological projections
Is "haptodysphoria" an urban legend or is there another term under which this studied?
Is there a study indicating a neurological reward for agreeing with group beliefs?
Which term is meant in this example of defence mechanism?
Scientific articles linking personal-professional growth
What are extrinsic motives?
What extent is non linear dynamics and chaos helpful to study brain function?
Parallel arrangement of capacitor and resistor in leaky integrate-and-fire model
What is the name of the bias that associate a thing as good because it has a relation to another good thing?
To what extent does AFQT correlate with IQ?
Name of association phenomenon
Paper discussing economic rationale of IQ-based hiring practices
Is there research to prove that humans achieve more when challenging ourselves or when we challenge others?
What would happen to the human brain after running out of memory?
Meaning of "attitudinal acceptance"
Whats analysis of both sides is called in psychology?
Is low self-esteem, a brain chemical imbalance problem, rather than a personality defect, and can't be fixed by any amount of counselling/self-help?
Is it okay to use "fixed number of factors" in EFA after contradicting results from MAP test and eigenvalues?
Chess performance and IQ
What are a digital dementia and a pseudo debility?
What emotion/sensory feeling is this?
What is the bias that arises because a thing is way more common than the rest?
Is there a model for designing a tracklist to get the most engaged reaction from a crowd at a rock concert?
Depression Causing Body Dysmorphic Disorder (BDD)
Is it possible to over burden yourself?
Questions on Interpreting Factor Analysis Results and Scores
Which mental illnesses are probably natural?
How does a female measure her own attractiveness?
Predicting workplace performance of job applicants?
Venus effect explained in greater detail?
At what age is a human child able to learn through the spoken word alone?
Is it possible getting into vegetative state by yourself?
People who climb the social hierarchy
Can tapering reduce the risk of sedative kindling and brain damage?
How is memory structured (from a modeling perspective)?
Need to define observation/phenomenon in order to study it, same replies to same political topics, different individuals
What's the best way to calculate an index score based on reaction time, variance and accuracy?
Is it just a cultural norm that men approach women for dates rather than the other way round?
What is the difference between psychosis and neurosis?
Are There Any Customizable Working Memory Tests?
Why do some people bond with their captors and vice versa?
Does psychology lose it's validity when the subject is versed in psychology?
Which model of Consumer Behavior has proven to have better predictive ability for complex products?
How do cults indoctrinate people?
How is "the innermost child" framed in psychology?
Sexual arousal when studying science
Is there a term for the desire to maintain a level of anxiety?
Is there any strong empirical support that "casual" (10-20 minutes per day) mindfulness meditation leads to lasting cognitive improvements?
Why might sleeping on the floor alleviate PTSD symptoms?
Is feeling bad about being cheated on innate or learned behaviour?
Human vision detection of faint blinking or moving point of light, guidelines for sensitivity versus frequency
The brain physically changes with regular coffee consumption, but at what rate does it return to normal?
Are facial muscles activated in verbal thought?
Is CBT-based anger management effective?
Does James Holmes diagnosis of schizotypal personality disorder indicate a predisposition for mass murder?
What might be the daily experience of someone who does not have an orientation association area?
How to use QUEST in a discrimination task
What is the difference between the structure and the conception of an empirical study in psychology?
Caffeine any-dose tolerance study
MEG from simulated neurons
is the mind naturally conditioned to visualize the worst case to keep the body safe?
Saying things to shock others
Is it possible, on an individual level, that someones fluid intelligence can "spike" in ones early twenties?
How to ask in a survey for emotional vs. rational personality
Is there any neuroscience research on the emotion of feeling nothing?
What tasks is Spaun 2.0 able to perform?
"Give me a child..." Quote from Skinner?
What are the standard mental health tests that are available online?
What does "dimensionality of power distance" mean?
Why does SCID call itself "Structured" when by many accounts it's semi-structured?
Survey questions to test competitiveness
Why is a cross-dominant/ambidextrous brain more susceptible to mental illness?
Why are some of us attracted to certain women while others are not
Does male preference for feminine women faces vary with bisexual orientantion and/or (BDSM) submisiveness?
Brain Waves and Psilocybin Mushroom
Any academic research/term for (some) men's preference for muscular female bodies?
Where is hatred born inside our brains?
Generating a factor score for additional data using R and factanal
My Mind Shows Me My Future
Performance of a damaged brain
How is the brain cooled?
Can we generalise from loss of ability at arithemtic to pre morbid iq?
How do I interpret an effect of electrode position in ERP research?
Is the placebo effect a form of cognitive bias?
Could we develop a notion of conceivability that would allow us to imagine impossible/inconsistent/illogical things?
Study purportedly proving psychedelics induce a "heightened state of consciousness"
DISC vs MBTI personality types research
DISC correlation with Big Five personality
Converting human's memory into digital data
What happens if you lie to a child during language acquisition?
Why do teenagers take so many selfies?
Study on the learning of programming concepts in pre-university students
Why do views make you happy?
Do other forms of bias have their own terminologies, similar to "Stockholm Syndrome"?
What are the personality correlates of moral outrage?
Is there a formal name for the compulsive and recurrent urges to pick one's nose in order to remove perceived imperfections?
How does Kohlberg's moral reasoning work, can I measure it myself?
Why don't the Big 5 personality traits have more neutral names?
Cognitive biases ontogenesis
How do I choose the correct sigma when applying a Gaussian filter to a fixation density map?
Is there any reason why chunking the digit span test would not help
Why is the distribution of mean firing rates assumed to be Gaussian?
Why are we so possessive of our significant others?
Is there a non-interactive alternative to the concept of SuperMemo/spaced repetition?
Are emotions local or purely global? Can there be two inconsistent emotions in different parts of the brain?
Is the negative correlation between (higher) moral judgement and authoritarianism and/or ethnocentrism confirmed?
E-prime: Inline script to present sounds from a text file
Where can I find recent research on the role of context effect in perception of similarity?
Help to find the International Trauma Questionnaire (ITQ)
What can be the causes of the difference in performance?
Why isn't high functioning autism recognized by the DSM-5 or the ICD-10?
Why do errors such as typos happen?
Why are there still left handed people?
What is the learning/memory type which requires active contribution called?
Frissons on demand
To what extent is xenophobia not selective?
What if MBTI differs a lot for short-term and long-term lifestyle?
fMRI datasets for emotion states
Can you teach an old human new tricks?
Why do we see shadows in the following black-and-white optical illusion?
What pro- or anti-environmental behaviors are feasible to measure objectively rather than with self-report?
Is Dr. Russo’s “endocannabinoid deficiency” a valid theory?
Does the brain have a mechanism to protect from death by laughter?
Beyond CBT and MBI, what are effective behavioral interventions for modern lifestyle addictions during their engagement?
What is a "psychological evaluation" for kids?
Are there researched approaches to learning a subject more quickly?
Dutch RCT of mindfulness therapy vs methylphenidate in ADHD
Correlation between anxiety disorders and PTSD
Definition of cognitive load
What is the name of the phenomenon that would make me choose A over B because I was influenced by a trend?
Study about addiction to placebo
How is the human brain evolving?
"Dependence" in DSM-5
how to statistically analyse accuracy data (psycholinguistics)
Is synesthesia tied to experience?
Why this guilt discrepancy in human beings?
Readiness Potential vs. Lateralized Readiness Potential in ERP
Why does the graph have a logarithmic shape? That is, why does the increase rate in %/hr decrease over time?
How is that Bell Curve can fit all the existing IQs exactly on the graph?
Kinetic synesthesia evoked by abstract thoughts?
Cognitive Behavior Therapy intensive in home clinical and therapeutic services model
Can't we teach other intelligent animals "complex" languages?
Can a borderline-autistic adult force themselves to improve?
Are there detectable differences in brain activity when thinking about people of different degrees of closeness?
Relationship and differences between psychosomatic, somatoform and idiopathic disorders
How to measure personality using an internet questionnaire?
Why does "name it to tame it" work from an evolutionary psychology perspective?
What is the fastest way to make an intermittent reinforced behavior become extinct?
What are the main differences between gestalt therapy and cognitive behavioral therapy?
How to define "current" in artificial neural network?
How do psychologists ensure they are measuring innate intelligence and not just education?
Bully psychology
How can one get rid of a subconsciously persistent belief?
The relationship on deja vu, dream and retrocausality?
Finding largest level of imperceptible noise in an image
How come sleeping during the day induces lucid dreaming and sleep paralysis later on at night?
How addictive is Heroine?
Why would psychotic symptoms return 8 months after stopping seroquel instead of immediately?
Reference signal when measuring EEG
IQ gap by race, truth or myth?
What does "affect component" mean in this article on well-being?
What happens in the brain that allows access to a previous unavailable memory?
Is there an audio equivalent of eidetic memory?
Are men genetically programmed to seek multiple sexual partners more than women?
In a class room setting, why do people look at you when you are asking a question?
situations might cause a PTSD
How to help an adult that has grown up, but was unloved by their parents?
Emotional energy exchange between bodies?
How does repetition compulsion work with the unconscious?
Why is the theory of mind named as such?
Is theory of mind formation accelerated by bilingualism?
Does similar writing style tell us the writers are similar with respect to some measure/perspective?
How does the brain’s visual memory work?
What determines whether sensitization or desensitization occurs?
Can dreams predict the future?
Cognitive Effects of studying for the LSAT?
Is there neuroanatomical evidence for Groves & Thompson dual-process theory of habituation and sensitization?
Bilingualism and cognitive decline (or dementia risk)
What are the effects of rejection from both parents on a child?
How is the relationship between hypothalamus and homeostasis & fear and how does it evolve across human development stages?
Will studying formal logic improves logical reasoning?
Can Jason Padgett’s head injury be replicated?
Effectiveness of "non-focused" learning
I want to find event1 in my EEG data, followed by event2 and then extract reaction time between them
Recommended resources (journals, blogs, etc) for nurturing a background of statistical/methodological rigour in behavioural science research?
Do most people want to murder?
Why is solo dancing not as popular as contra and partner dancing?
Is there a region of the brain that mediates pain in a manner reminiscent of the mesolimbic pathway?
Is "havening" pseudo-scientific or effective?
Can addiction develop to the absence of a normally present negative stimulus?
How are tactile pleasure and pain differentiated in the somatosensory cortex?
What's the psychological reason for the fascination with gossiping or scandalous life?
Why does emotional pain sometimes feels like physical pain?
Does the subconscious mind communicate its analysis through emotions?
How does caffeine work as an analgesic adjuvant?
What is an empirical proof that two concepts are not independent/orthogonal?
How do we imagine? How do images have qualia?
Body temperature increasing when trying to solve difficult problems
Connection problem with PsychoPy to EGI netstation for EEG experiment
Are people who believe they are of average intelligence mentally ill?
Which personality test has a name that sounds like "Max C?"
How can two-way dependencies in factorial designs be interpreted?
Nature vs. nurture in irritability?
Confidence rating in cognitive experiments
What does "they tend within and between classes" mean in 'The Irreducible Mind'?
Is Paul's Churchland claim about qualia supported by science?
Nature vs. Nurture
How to crowdsource behaviour across > 100.000 humans while each human only solves a very short task (< 10 sec)
What is the basis of the belief that modern psychology demonstrates that words themselves can be hurtful and verbal aggression should be wed out?
System 1 and 2 thinking and unconcious
Is mapping sound frequencies to the vertical axis universal?
Why do we feel the present moment has already happened?
Scientific evidence about studying and learning strategies
Can you improve your intelligence by practising?
Can a CT scan have advserse cognitive effects on the brain?
Questions regarding schizophrenic prodromal progression
Emotion based reasoning experiments
How can be explained from an evolutionary perspective the fact that some successful people do not want to have children?
Is eye movement important with eyes-closed EMDR therapy?
Tests for alertness
Popular science books introducing therapeutic use of psychedelic drugs
Can the consumer level Tobii Eye Trackers be used for research?
Trying to remember the name of an Agent-Based Model
Repeating a rumor that you started?
Why can't we learn what we don't like?
Differentiations of Imposter Syndrome
relative achievement reinforcing views on self-efficacy
Why do people bid on online auctions sooner than a few seconds before it ends?
Do in-depth explanations help a hypochondriac?
High IQ and problem solving
Reading material for graduate neuroscience program
THC and the Brain damage
Implementing new procedures / guidelines in companies
Where can I find Data set for Machine Learning purposes?
What's the difference between flaws of character and a personality disorder?
Psychology Research, Questionnaire Help Needed
How does the brain create original thoughts?
If reality is just hallucination, how come different people see same objects
how to train our brain to always use left part for thinking & deciding things?
Recording motor-evoked potentials (MEPs) in response to transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS)?
How is the term "physiological measurement" defined?
Unknown unit/mL
Modern neurology: endorses or denies Freud?
Early foreign language experience and ease of learning foreign languages
I’m doing a research project requiring participants to look at a photo for ten seconds and then answer questions about small details in the photos
Is it fair to categorize the neurons in the output layer of artificial neural networks as grandmother cells?
When did the old term experimental reagent become experimental subject?
Is "not going to doctor because of fear of illness" a psychological disorder?
What is the difference between an Atlas and a Parcellation?
Are the findings of the Rat Park experiments applicable to porn addiction?
Can logic be traced back to neurons?
Free-to-use parenting style questionnaire
Nociceptor (possible threat signal)
Is Freuds theory of negation testable and does it survive testing?
Why do we dream?
How is addiction distinguished from engagement when making a determination about a person's behaviour?
Visual field testing: Choose between Yes/No, 2AFC, and 2IFC task?
Is the perception of drawings an acquired skill?
Is it possible to effect both positive and negative reinforcement through the same action?
People do not like change, but need diversification? Is that not contradictive?
Why some papers suggest that losses and gains are coded by the same mechanism while other suggest that distinct circuits anticipate gain and loss?
What is the human brain made of?
How to answer questions that don't seem to be possible to be answered on a Strongly disagree - Strongly agree scale and what's their point?
Why fear is the opposite of desire and not disgust?
Word for person showing psychological projection
how does our brain knows the simialrities between anything?
Are there rule of thumb regarding sample size when neuroscientific measurements are used?
Exact Medical situation name for Guided Meditation/Visualization to "Re-live a moment"
Terminology: why do psychologists use "positive" and "negative"?
What is the proper definition of psychopathy?
When someone consumes finasteride, what happens neurophysiologically and what mental functions / faculties are altered?
Are reaction time and memory physiological measure or behavioral observation?
Would non-neural physiological insights be considered to be in the field of neuroscience?
Time perception in dreams?
What tools exist to measure work meaningfulness?
Solving for HR and FAR, given ACC and C
Does the way a popular behaviour is discussed affect whether it would be imitated?
Getting useful readings out of GSR sensors while moving?
Sex With Ghosts - Possible Clinical Diagnoses
What is the term for doing things or behaviors that contrast to what you really feel?
To what extent is control over when a substance is used relevant to addiction?
How to test people's compatibility for friendship
Why are we the smartest species on the whole known universe?
Linguistic & cross-cultural perceptions of typography
If the optic nerve transmits to both hemispheres, how do split-brain experiments work?
Why do we forget what we try to remember?
Bounds on skew and kurtosis of IQ
What prevents us from asking, 'What don't I know'?
Social Media and General Addiction
Fit a psychometric function when the maximum is not 100% (not because of lapse)
How is intelligence in children measured?
How to control subject's response bias in 2-interval force choice task
Volition v.s. Cognitive Control v.s. Motivational Salience
Are there any significant alternatives to the theory that the mind exists?
Why do some people undergo sudden savant syndrome?
Unilateral vision in split brain subjects
What makes words (entities) positive or negative?
Are scintillating scotomas really caused by cortical spreading depression? If so, how is this known to be true?
Averaging a linear or nonlinear function treatment
How are schamata represented in Cognitive Load Theory
How do you call this: Feeling stuck and passively waiting for a solution
Can listening to sad songs lead to depression?
What is the current gold standard in double locked storage of therapeutic records?
What is the difference between principal neurons and pyramidal cells?
Are there some discussions about Buddhism in science?
Do vulnerable/covert/shy narcissists seek therapy for NPD?
How to compare effectiveness of psychological treatment for psychological illness, versus medical treatment for medical illness?
How will the pet therapy aid the child with autism?
Intrinsic relevance of ERP polarity: 'negativity' vs 'positivity'
Is there medical term for depression?
What causes the lack of focus due to sleep deprivation? What are the outcomes of this?
Are there animals with only excitatory neurons?
Belongingness vs Social Connectedness
What methods exist for converting channel-wise directed (effective) connectiviy estimates to ROI-wise connectivity estimates?
What's that vulnerability/weakness of human psychology which is consciously/subconsciously utilized by politicians or people with authority/fame?
Is 'averageness' in the study of facial attraction ethnicity specific?
How to encourage people to experiment/try new things?
Can overload of information affect short term memory?
Is there research on the effects of praise on the person giving the praise
Excessive empathy, social cues and adaptive behavior evaluation
Can you self-induce a derealization episode?
Can you really have "excessive empathy"?
How does modulation of the activity of an afferent neuron lead to increase in MEP's?
how to find out the references of various languages of EMI-2 (exercise motivation inventory-2)
How true are Jordan Peterson's claims on IQ tests?
Yes-No question in 2AFC staircase test
Asking for illogical things to make extreme views normal?
How are the brains of mathematicians different from typical people?
Looking for text books comparing animal and human brain
How to measure child to adult development quantitatively?
Perfect events in a random world?
Amount of noise in (the recognisable definition of) an ERP
If a specific neuron is present in my brain, will it be present in another person's brain?
Does childhood familiarity with weather patterns predict the influence of those patterns on mood?
System 1 thinking and ADHD
Can one learn not to panic? How?
Is it ethical to deliberately provide incorrect information to participants in a psychological study?
Since we know the 5ht2a receptor impacts learning efficiency why has stimulating it not been tried for alleviating learning disabilities?
Defensive attribution vs Self-serving bias
Why does autism sometimes only visibly appear later in life?
Reference request: Parkinson's disease book
Is there a biological equivalent to the bias term used in artificial neural networks?
Composer Thomas Schoenberger's Sophia Musik effect on the brain?
Is is possible to "delete" a memory permanently?
To what category of optical illusions does this image belong?
Can a person with delusions completely acknowledge their delusions
Possible applications of the big five personality traits testing in human resource departments
Are cognitive flexibility and interference control the same thing?
EEG Equipment For High Schoolers?
Is there actually a correlation between emotional trauma and homosexuality
Talking about emotional experience
Name this phenomenon: You're shy of doing X because nobody else around you does it
Day and month of 1980 DSM-III publication
Cognitive ability and possible careers
Why is the WCST a test of task switching rather than cognitive shifting?
What exactly are the X and the Y axis of a brainwave?
Is autism prevalence increasing?
How do we know human brain development stops around age 25?
Can extrinsic rewards successfully sustain habits in the long-term?
Why is the chicken crossing the road joke funny?
Are IQ tests "beatable"?
Understanding the concept behind d-prime
Is there any significance to the way Trump spreads his hand from each other?
Is there a specified way to shorten the number of questions in an instrument/questionnaire?
Do categorically different short-term memories also compete for conversion into long-term memory?
Is it reasonable to leave a therapy session feeling worse?
Lovheim cube research
NREM sleep and REM sleep
Why does venlafaxine have lower incidence of sexual dysfunctions at higher doses?
Is there any evidence for or against the existence of neurons that encode surface slant in vision?
Does CBT indirectly resolve core issues?
Differences in reaction time on visual tasks with and without binocular disparity ques?
Basic Question on Jungian Archetypes
How will anyone scientifically tell what is innate to humans?
"Dyslexia" in reasoning?
Can a friend become a therapist?
Can one reasonably guess the gender of a person from their writing/speech contents?
How to measure raw score and convert into base rate in MCMI-III personality test?
What speaker is commonly used for low-latency audio stimulation
complex name - surrounding you with inferior (less talented) people
Is there an evolutionary psychology explanation why children have high pitched voices?
What is the term for learning to group objects
Integrated Information Theory - If correct could humans create artificial consciousness?
Why do we sometimes(i often) go to trance while listening to music?
when is default mode active
While dreaming, are memories replayed faster or slower?
What is the difference between getting high( i.e. using alcohol or similar things) and getting unconcious using general anesthesia?
Can drugs support emotional developement in personality disorders?
Does total time exercising matter for cognition more than the time exercising continuously?
Why it is so difficult to think critically about family members behaviour?
Is there evidence for anger being a "secondary emotion"?
What are existing theories on competing wills in the mind?
Do we think in language?
Is there a basic mathematical relationship between IQ and learning speed?
What is the medical term for semi-mindless activities to help reduce anxiety? ... such as gardening, mowing, cleaning... perhaps driving
What benefit is responsible for human preference of one food over another?
How many moving objects can a person count (on average)?
What kind of psychologists study 'genius'?
Is there a mental disorder in which one is unable to determine personal preferences, and as a result, is a cause of great distress?
Can a device create/guide neuron connections between them?
How are ocular dominance columns monocular despite binocular complex cells?
Do neurons involved in reflex movements process information or they just transmit a signal?
What could explain the apparent association between high IAT bias scores and percentage of black americans per state?
Are neural adaptation and drug tolerance to psychoactive drugs related?
Are all personalities divisive?
Can the brain be enhanced by adding more neurons?
Bottom up thinking - what is it?
Recognizing facial expressions
What does "The brain has its own language for testing the structure and consistency of the world." refer to?
Stress vs. Testing
How do serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitors work as an antidepressant?
Bouba/Kiki effect - computer-generated 3D shapes
Do women naturally form groups to defend themselves?
Independence of criterion and d-prime (psychophysics)
Do people still use ACT-R?
Is there an upper limit to the number of channels in an EEG system that would provide additional useful data points?
Is there any research on whether primates with sign language use same fronto-temporal language networks observed in humans?
Is passive-aggressive behavior conscious or unconscious?
Typical and minimum voxel sizes for various field strength MRI machines?
Article about DTI of Autistic Brain
Where can I find the text of past DSM versions to visualize revision history?
Are there any documented cases of a delusion remitting when it is allowed to play out?
for a persistent perceptual experience, why is video able to have a lower frame rate than audio?
Is batophobia light dependent?
How many people have a mental disorder in the world at the same time?
Visualizing words upon hearing or thinking them
How quick a flash of light is invisible
What's the difference between the neuroendocrine system vs endocrine system?
Which are the arguments for asserting mental life/consciouness happen only in the cerebral cortex?
Is 'your mom will be sad' actually a good argument to pose to someone thinking of committing suicide?
How to train/develop photographic memory?
Does Asperger's syndrome exist in other animal species?
Does the Rubik's Cube increase mental ability?
Does mindfulness meditation work for highly inattentive individuals?
Homoparental Adoption Studies
Are skull screws required for stable implants
How do psychologists measure malicious behaviour?
Using neuroscience to study a new organism
Is practice more effective if spaced over time?
Is there a Big Five personality assessment under an open-commercial license?
How can someone asleep recognize a very brief sound?
How does a person know if he should seek treatment for depression since feeling moody is unavoidable?
What is the term for mimicking other behaviors?
Is Elizabeth Holmes having a psychological disorder?
Disruptive Mood Dysregulation Disorder and Oppositional Defiance Disorder
Have there been any right-hemisphere-dominant split-brain-patients?
Examples for valence, arousal and dominance (Self Assessment Manikin)
In the dual process theory, how are the two systems interact with each other?
Falling back/relapse how come?
Can anyone help me in choosing the suitable statistical analysis for my research?
In which way does what you do right after class affect knowledge retention?
Are there any cases of a person with misophonia for which the condition has been passed on to their child?
Is the Thatcher Face Illusion only limited to face recognition?
is interference control responsible for sensory sensitivities?
How to generate Structural connectivity(SC) and Functional connectivity(FC) matrices from raw fMRI data?
IQ Test stability longitudinal study
What time range between 2 measures for test-retest reliability?
How fast can stimuli be administered for evoked potentials?
Are there any career(s)/career fields that are advantageous for people with Asperger's in "theory"?
Does anyone have R code for analyzing skin conductance data?
Questions of the type "What do you think he/she would think?"
Set of uncorrelated cognitive tests for self quantification and tracking
Looking for a paper: AI in human host
Term/phrase for remembering the negative over the positive
How can creative activities be used to prevent the development of mental health conditions?
Are the raw scores of the NEO-PI-R normally distributed?
Why are civic duties part of Competence (C1) in the NEO-PI-R
Can autistic savants beat computers in known computationally hard problems?
How do you denoise and extract features from EEG data with Python?
Why can't human thoughts be stored in metals?
Has the perception of time changed over the last century? (e.g. 1960's vs. now)
Measuring improvement in 3D tasks
Name for a condition where one with their limited knowledge thinks of a problem as bigger than it really is?
What is the exact chemical reaction that gives consciousness?
Stability of Personality and Formation
How can different ion channels of the same type have different cell responses?
Has the John Calhoun's "Mouse Utopia experiment" been replicated? If so where, if no, why?
How to pursue a Psychology career in academia from non-Psychology background?
Reaching biomimicry solutions through pure reasoning alone
Why don't migraine headaches and auras consistently have opposite lateralisation?
Does blood pressure increase during deliberate period of focus?
Is the relationship between IQ and brain processing speed/power? Is it linear, logarithmic or other?
What can combined EEG-fMRI tell us about the brain activity that two separate EEG and fMRI experiments cannot?
If You Have Hard Time Apologizing Does That Make You A Narcissist?
Can the brain create it's own artificial time?
Uncsoncious expectation of other people to be motivated by the same values as you
Is there a proper name of learning by experience (i.e. feeling something subconsciously)?
Was one my subtest score on a test battery invalid?
How do you encourage participants to pay attention while completing online studies?
conservative vs liberal: not related to rate of yes vs no
Term for "That feeling that in a game you don't get items that you really need"
Cerebellum question
Is there any evidence that the Dunning-Kruger Effect applies to self-appraisals of soundness or reasonableness of judgement?
What are the methodological differences between a ‘constructed’ and a ‘standardized’ psychological test?
Can we use artificial intelligence in law?
free will studies in long term decisoin making
Why does THC or CBD give me a mental boost?
How can psychologists define 'mental health' when we know quite little about complexities of human life?
Definition of dominance (self-assessment manikin)
Link between reading news and deteriorating mental health?
What questions can I ask someone to help them overcome the negative belief "whatever happens to me is going to be a big turmoil"?
How to score 20 item Mini-IPIP?
Are there contemporary buildings that have been designed based on colour psychology?
I have developed a self-regulation system that allows change at the physiological level. Does it have any merit?
How to prepare when entering the field of Psychology from a professional UX background?
How to measure the correlation between "spirituality" and the susceptibility to false memories?
Persistent problems among relationsips
Concept of Free Will
Correct term for realistic user behaviour and decision making
correction for multiple comparison over many ROIs
How can a human carry out a mass shooting whilst remaining calm?
Why does campfire lighting look creepy?
Please recommend a book about codependency that is not in regards to substance abuse
Long term cocaine use and personality change - Scientific references?
Do .sav files expire after the trial version expires?
Possession/Concept of My
What is it called to attack a person then say something uplifting?
Pain without consciousness
What constitutes an emotional disorder?
What kind of political views are sociopaths more likely to espouse?
Is this dissociation, depersonalization, or is there a better term?
What are the neuroscience research findings on the importance of breaks in cognitive function and specifically learning?
Would a diagnosis from a layman be legitimate if it follows the definition of the disorder?
Csikszentmihalyi on drugs and their effect
What is the name of this common anti-pattern
How do we know what colors animals perceive?
How does flow differ from or relates to attention?
Is there a foveal explanation for the duck-rabbit illusion?
Toulouse-Lautrec Syndrome
Analyzing EEG time-frequency data in a factorial design
Timeframe in which thoughts are concieved
Voltage Clamp Method
Is there a term for simulated irrationality?
How do you predict a cognitive bias theoretically using dual process theory?
what causes this auditory persistence illusion?
fMRI repetition time (TR) and stimulus duration
Psychological effects of statutory rape - differences by gender?
Dissecting human reaction time
Is there a reliable memory-retention guidance chart?
Operant Conditioning for reducing Rumination
Is sign language handled differently by the brain than spoken laguage?
What is the most accurate name for the effect where people find excuses for flaws by leaders?
Detecting trauma with EEG?
In what contexts is loss aversion least controversial?
Is there some cognitive test besides (visual) working memory in which some animals are superior to humans?
Involuntary misspelling while writing
Is there any research of spelling errors from a dual-process theory perspective?
What causes us to perceive a person's gaze as meaningful?
Ethics of observing someone doing something with substantial risk
What is the matrix of self and the outside world, evil and good?
What is a validated online tool to administer Stroop and N-back test?
Is The Chimp Model really a thing?
How long does it takes for the feeling of vengeance to fade away by time?
Simulating Hudgkin Huxley neural network
Is the visual cortex of a newborn baby immediately capable of object detection or is this skill learned over time, and if so, how?
What does White guilt feel like, how does it socially manifest itself & is it treatable?
Why is median motor nerve conduction velocity about 50 m/s?
When does the brain stem appear in humans?
Is "Incremental learning" pseudo-science?
Where to get psychology assessment resources to put into my website?
Is there any empirical support to "chemical imbalance theory" for mental illness?
What is the difference between experience and knowledge and how could we make use of that in machine learning and AI applications?
Does studying multiples subjects in parallel effect performance?
Looking for a paper: Fear response in a computer generated VR environment
Which neurodevelopmental disorders constitute learning disabilities?
Getting upset from the creation of your own imagination
Open data for behavioral psychology experiment?
What is the psychology behind blind spots? Why do we fail to see, what others see so clearly about us?
Is there consciouness when a person is sleeping and not dreaming?
Psychoanalysis and its metaphores derived from ancient Greek mythology
"High-conflict people"
How does the Thomas-Kilmann Conflict Mode Instrument relate to the Big Five?
What is the psychology behind epiphany?
Do any personality factors reduce illusory superiority?
What is this type of graph called?
Hypotheses about neural coding and neural correlates of concepts and reasoning - at the level of neurons and synapses
Difference between Psychology & Neuroscience in lay man terms?
Are there specialized strategies for those with slight math disabilities?
Data Cleaning - Stroop Test: Trying to find a paper than cleans the stroop test for individual questions
Does societal view of epic musician, author's epic work affect mainly any human the way they view them overall or it's their personal life or both?
Is there a name for the experience/ phenomenon of dreaming while being partially awake?
How is illusory superiority reconciled with the false-consensus effect?
How long it would take to form a conceptual framework to justify a belief?
Do we learn to improve our working memory capacity without sitting WM tests?
In Transactional Analysis, how can one kill or at least voice down the "Critical Parent" ego state?
Name of cognitive bias where people try to use all given information regardless of quality?
Psychopathy, conscientiousness, selfishness
Impact of pre-college schooling on IQ (WAIS)?
What are some criticisms of HEXACO from the Big Five camp?
What do you call this fear response?
Ritalin for treating attention and lack of focus in depression
Are there ways to accelerate the recovery from depression via novel pharmacological antidepressants?
Do my cats really know I exist?
Is there a specific term for the notion of storing "algorithms" in human memory?
Clear definition of ego
Decrease in d' with concurrent increase of criterion
Can signals from the prefrontal cortex alone trigger a readiness potential in the pre-supplementary motor area?
task-fMRI to determine TMS site (online stimulation with that same task)?
Does there exist a theatre effect?
how to correctly determine false alarm rate (in a specific experimental setup)
Why doesn't psychology impose higher standards to solve its replication crisis?
In operant conditioning, how do you get the subject to "pull the lever" for the first time?
How to improve working memory in adults?
To what degree do fetishes differ from conventional sexual orientation?
What is the term for the rhetorical, "How hard could it be?"
At what point does a human become self-aware?
What did Carl Jung mean by "subjectivization of consciousness"?
What does Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi mean by Nautilus?
Can frissons provide an accurate metric to gauge emotional intelligence?
Are there any online survey/questionnaire makers which allow use of sound clips?
Is there a mindfulness meditation technique that tends to produce gamma rhythms in the brain (and not just the alpha frequencies that are typical)?
Analysis of accuracy data?
Handedness bias in Raven's Matrices
Are we programmed to live together?
Is decision making inference?
Homogeneous Poisson Process of spike train
What is the evolutionary advantage of being embarrassed?
Efforts to create metrics of understanding and comprehension of some sentence?
If a two-tailed test shows significance and the mean is higher, can you infer that one condition is significantly higher?
Has ordering people along a Ape to Human diagram, as a measure of dehumanization for people in general, been validated in any way?
In Bowen theory, what is the different between Emotion and Feeling
Why do teenage girls "fall in love" with idols?
Is there a real benefit to starting grade 1 at a older age? If so, why?
Assuming a neuron does not reach activation, what is the rate of repolarization in the absence of new stimulus?
What are some examples of psychosis in people who have major depression?
Mental stress inducing task
Is there a structural difference between Nerve cells in the Somatic and Autonomic Nervous Systems
Why do people want to harm those who harmed them?
Do men look more similar to each other than women?
Relaxing your concepts in meditation
What is the state of the art on the wiring optimisation problem?
What are the ethics (for clinical psychiatrists) of posting videos on Youtube with poorly-worded guidance about disorders?
Easy-to-use simulations of human behavior
Generosity in the World Happiness Score
Are there scientifically grounded alternatives to analytical psychotherapy?
Why are faces processed holistically?
Can the act of studying more be a defense mechanism?
Information Encapsulation of Geometric Module vs Cortex Remapping
Is there a double dissociation between face and object processing?
Is doubting a claim more taxing in terms of energy spent by the brain?
Many military leaders died by suicide to avoid punishment, but weren't judged irrational. Does this evidence rational suicide?
Optical illusion when looking at parallel static bars
CBT approach and why we generate unrealistic thoughts
Are there any psychological studies of thirst following food that account for SFO-Nos1 activity?
When the DEA says a drug is X times more potent than another, what do they mean?
Which psychological word describes this situation best?
Understanding the effect of a sudden cardiac arrest (lethal and/or non-lethal) on the psychological health of family/friends/survivors
If self-control is the executive function to resist temptation, how does the brain decide what is and what is not a temptation?
What is the distinction between "relationship" and "difference" in behavioural statistics?
Is it possible to be entirely impartial?
What sources of randomness does the brain use for sampling?
What information does the connectome actually contain?
How does a brain without sensory inputs function?
How to analyze EDA data collected from mindware?
What are the thoughs of a blind and deaf person?
Cognitive theory of (positive) thought patterns, e.g. in the execution of the (intellectual) work functions?
What are effective methods to overcome the initial psychological resistance towards an unpleasant task?
Why do people tend to avoid desperate people?
Is xenophobia (at least in part) caused by lack of education?
why are all human brains so similar in brain structure, specialization of their parts and functioning?
Why do people tend to exaggerate the effects of things they disagree with
How can we get to know about the phobia of walk?
Working on one problem opposed to working on mutliple problems when programming
Is ADHD defined too loosely?
Are orgnizations like European Association for Psychotherapy (EAP) or European Family Therapy Association (EFTA) genuine?
How can IQ below 40 be measured?
Any research on IQ (general) and coping with abstract concepts?
What neural mechanism allows humans to make phenomenological observations?
What type of data can we get from fMRI to calculate correlations?
Is it possible that information is stored based on similarity in the working memory?
Phrase used by jordan peterson about "revealing"
Relationship between intelligence (IQ) and Big 5 Personality
What is the difference between "target" and "foil" in experimental design?
Is a deeper capability of feeling emotions linked to a higher intellectual intelligence?
If 10 words are presented at the same time, is it still considered a 'free recall' test?
Can we really motivate ourselves "on-demand"?
How accurate are diagnoses on Autism to Children under 3 years old?
Will acquiring a second language improves the person's general intelligence and reading?
What makes someones good at math (or anything)? Is all about practice and hard work?
Multiple Pearson correlation table APA format
What is it called when you imagine what other people would say or do in a certain situation?
What is the personality type of King David?
is it unconcious?
Are the images in our heads physical?
System 1 and unconsious
What thoughts should one contemplate to minimize sleep latency?
Question about interrole conflict
Difference between psychosis and schizophrenia
Categorisation of attributes according to OCEAN
At what age a child would develop a sense of racism or a minority discrimination?
Does the autistic child have a “theory of mind”?
Are there any official guidelines of person-centred therapy?
Is there any guideline on how a layman giving support for another layman on their psychological problems?
experimental design
Measuring originality of a person on a sentence completion task
How important is it to have a job that is aligned with one’s passion?
What does it mean to "accept my shortcomings"?
Separation of romantic and sexual attraction
Does amnesia cure depression?
Impaired verbal communication, but normal reading and writing skills?
Do humans really feel that a \$99 price tag is significantly lower than a \$100 one?
Phrase for: Something needs a name before it can be perceived
What term is used to define long duration sexual intercourse addiction/hunger?
Measuring originality of a person on a sentence completion task
someone who doesn't grasp that others don't know what they know
Why is deltaE not used as a measure of error?
Should I make all my decisions standing up?
Is it possible to calculate d prime if no catch trials were done?
Patterns in psychosomatic pains
Can humans unconsciously realize that they are being sold?
Can you prevent your biases from swaying your logic if you're aware of them?
Books on Statistics in R for behavioral data analysis
Are introverts actually very anxious people with detail focus?
Psychology of guessing number of objects
Anomalous activation of temporal lobes
why Brain-Computer-Interfaces use Artificial Neural Network to capture information from brain?
How can I learn Integrated information Theory
Is there such a thing as low quality energy source for extroversion?
Term for remembering the location/position of text on a page as part of the memory recall process?
Averaging features in NetStation
Supposed 'brain training'
Is thought disorder directly treatable with pharmacotherapy?
Upper Bounds on Rat Maze Complexity
How do we imagine a mammal?
Age vs. Receptiveness to propaganda/ ideology
What is a sensorimotor connection in plain English?
Does learning by heart improve memorizing abilities?
What's it called when you read a book with a particular focus and that focus is what you see and remember but other topics you forget?
Why aren't cognitive deviations used in diagnosing say schizophrenia or Cluster B Personality Disorders?
Effects of subliminal messaging
Could a failure of condensed inner speech be linked to slowed cognition?
Survey Kits for Political Affiliation?
How many genders are there?
Why do some people not remember their dreams?
Active Sources Extraction
What is a science concept that we can teach preschoolers that's purely visual?
Could endowment effect be explained by unsurity about the object?
Why do very different people attract each other?
How to determine an unbiased estimate of threshold in a single-stimulus forced choice experiment?
Are emotions rational?
Why do we like music?
Visual Cortex percentage
What research is there into content of conversations vs IQ?
Has there been any neuroscientific study of polydactyly?
Do psychiatrists and researchers themselves don't have an idea how antidepressants work?
Scoring of the Wechsler Nonverbal Scale of Ability
What's the pathfinding algorithm the human brain uses?
Can meditation be associated to lucid dream?
Punishment v.s Negative Reinforcement
Does learning to compose music change our perceptions? Even without playing or singing
Why people feel more sleepy while doing something that's not interesting even when they are not actually tired?
Schools in psychology
Criterion versus Convergent Validity
Is there any scientific data showing one can learn while sleeping?
Is a concept of good and bad innate or learned?
What happens to the brains that are utilized during studies afterwards?
Relation between L-glutamine supplementation and risk of schizophrenia
Why are we generating wrong ideas in the first place?
Is there any research into the effectiveness of the "Zettelkasten" (slip box) method of processing notes?
May somebody use oddball paradigm solely for psychophysical studies?
What is the basis on deciding that a certain behavior/tendency is abnormal or a disorder
how do Transcendental Meditation and mindfulness differ in terms of dealing with individual's anxiety?
Does OCD play a major contribution in an individuals suffering from anorexia nervosa?
Acquisition of language along with beliefs and moral rules
Do plants feel emotional pain as humans and animals do?
How common is it to include unmedicated patients in first episode psychosis (or any type of psychosis) studies?
"_______________" Variables"
Is Charisma innate gift or it can be learned?
Papers/Resources on the source/process of shame and empathy
How to generate functional connectivity matrices after first-level analysis in CONN toolbox?
How to recruit participants for fMRI study who do not fall asleep during experiment?
Is it possible to tell the difference between schizophrenics and pathological liars using a brain scan?
Typing hear instead of here
Kendrick et. al version of Maslow's Hierarchy
Are personality characteristics correlated with certain underlying features of the facial expressions of a person?
Help understanding and visualizing the data from EEG grasp dataset from kaggle
How much we should trust our brain
What is the meaning of behaviorally oriented outside-in nature of therapy?
Taking Control of Your Dream
How to analyse skin conductance in r studio?
How to chose which filter to design for EEG signal?
Combining ordinal data
Is there a list of large-scale, free datasets with psychological variables?
How strong is the evidence for the effectiveness of psychoanalysis in the treatment of depression?
Can a sequence of "automatic" tasks be seen in an EEG?
What can one do to permanently increase one's baseline happiness (subjective well-being)?
What is the proper way to call "psychology of persuasion"?
Is the hippocampus responsible for storing or creating memories?
Is Autism associated with an increased drowning risk for adults?
Can new emotions be created or discovered?
An Example of Negative Reinforcement?
Is there a neurological reason why women do not occupy top positions in the chess ranking?
Reporting results of a Mann Whitney U test when the medians are equal
Upside down, backwards writing
Special protocol to improve quality of life for chronic patients
How can we know which types of brainwaves is dominated at particular state?
Creating a habit loop in humans via validation?
Why does human mind tend to understand everything in terms of duality or binary states rather than continuum of states?
EEG analysis free software?
Is there a mental health disorder related to a harmful lack of anxiety and stress?
What are the average dimensions of human Purkinje cells in the cerebellum?
Is Jordan Peterson correct when he states that "as societies become more egalitarian, personality differences across genders maximize"?
fiber connection in DTI to distance matrix
What are data points in psychological profiling?
What models are there for neuronal sequence memory?
The strange shape of the temporal generalization map
How are the outputs of neurons encoded, if at all?
How could you define this variable?
Is it possible for someone to have anorexia without body image issues?
How happy are people relative to neutral (as measured by experience sampling)?
How does our brain allow us to commit suicide?
Bipolar Disorder Patient data
What are the reasons behind monogamy in humans?
What are the possible causes of coulrophobia?
Using the median for non parametric (Likert) data, when it gives you a decimal place
Is there a name for the natural human guilt complex?
Is HTM (Hierarchical Temporarl Model) accepted as credible?
Smoking and cognitive abilities
How could siblings rivalry / jealousy be useful to human evolution?
Timing mental arithmetic training for specific event
Cognitively, where does spiritual feeling come from?
Post alcoholic depression and mental health
Neuroplasticity and Habit Formation
Why are biosignals from the body said to be continuous?
Neurological explanation for differences in what motivates runners?
How are attachment styles linked to personality disorders
Imagining unreal stuff
What is the "perceptually correct" range or map of negative (inverted) colors?
William James "Principles of Psychology" and Brain Plasticity
What does this writer mean?
Modelling the Human Brain as a directed graph
Do I need to maximise all my data, or is a cleaner set of results better to present?
What is the term for a person who no longer associates foreign words with their native language
Percent change of a biophysical signal
The differences in attachment between father and mother
Does rTMS therapy require medical licensing?
Why do solutions to problems feel simple (or obvious) once we are given them?
What is a framework on bribing a person successfully?
Effects of expertise on mental condition?
if IQ is inherited, is it from father or mother?
what is the difference between mindfulness meditations and focusing on other things?
In an experiment where motivation and expectation are mediators, are they considered parellel or serial?
How to improve domain expertise in mathematics?
Is Carl Jung synchronicity scientific theory?
How to determine which scale to use: Nominal vs Interval?
Is searching behaviour innate or learned?
If people recall a specific word earlier among 10 words in free recall, what does it mean?
What is the difference between hindsight bias and confirmation bias?
Understanding a new concept: do we start with nouns or verbs?
Where can I find EMG signal databases of the enteric system in rats?
Women: IQ and likelihood of being married
Question on notation(?) and note taking with regards to writing about standard deviations
Can a trait like selfishness improve
Recovery of memory especially working memory after depression
Does selfishness increase in periods of extreme anxiety
The same neuron sometimes released different neurotransmitters, so how does this affect our interpretation of computational models?
Reproducible Dynamic Causal Modeling/ model based effective connectivity analysis for fMRI
The relationship between semantic memory and concepts/procedures
How neurons and mind can be related?
What is the APA's Current View on Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs?
Could CBTp be more efficently by Artifical inteligent science
Is there a difference in taste buds on the tongue between children and hsp's?
Do mass shooters tend to have been bullied as kids?
Is it possible to segregate components of verbal and visuospatial working memory using n-back paradigm?
Could human decision making have evolved from food finding?
Understanding the 'Wiring Catastrophe'
How to get rid of fears
Brain-computer interfaces and feasibility future visions of cognitive sci-fi cyborgs
Is there any research connected with typing/writing to help in creativity or focus?
What works for procrastination?
Treatment and strategies for procrastination for ADHD
Does the duration of the epoch of interest in fMRI need to be a multiple of TR?
Hebbian theory and synaptogenesis - how to identify the subsequently actioned neuron?
How synapses are hold in place if they're not phisically attached?
Do animals know about choices?
What is difference between T2 GRE and T2 FSPGR?
Good neuroscience research blogs
Trust after the first 200 milliseconds
Why are trans-women more common than trans-men?
Neurodevelopmental Disorders, Cognitive Function and Causing someone to Learn
Comorbidity of Neurodevelopmental Disorders between them and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder and Obsessive Compulsive Personality Disorder
Myelin and Myelin Sheath
How is the term "affect" different from "emotion"?
How do we differentiate auditory-sequential/visual-spatial processing from IQ?
What is the name for this form of "influence"?
Does EEG biofeedback brain training can cause any harm?
ML/Neuroscience: TensorFlow vs PyTorch vs Keras for bulding NN models of the nervous system?
Is it possible for a "false positive" medical diagnosis to be voided or expunged later?
Evidence for this tapping therapy - EFT (Emotional freedom technique)
Can General Assessment of Functioning (GAF) be used to measure recovery etc. from all mental health problems?
How can the replacement level fertility be 2.1 everywhere in the world?
Constraints on dataset size for AI-assisted connectome reconstruction
From psychological point of view, how easy can public opinion be manipulated by politicians and media?
Is there any evidence of like/dislike buttons to society polarization and populism?
Evidence for EFT (Emotional Freedom technique) for PTSD
How does Emotional Freedom Technique (EFT) work?
Possibility of manipulating a person to death
Is there a known reason why people feel a bit bad after other people do something for them?
What is the evidence that mathematicians are more likely to have autistic traits than the rest of the population?
Noise ceiling estimate is lower than model prediction in RSA?
Biologically plausible models for causal inference in the human brain
Methods to find patterns or correlations in MEA spike trains
How do I score people on the Religious Orientation Scale?
Do people always decide to do things that they believe will provide them the maximum amount of positive feelings in their conscious life?
Cases of psychopathy
Is there any evidence for the distinction between undergrad and postgrad mathematics?
What is the relationship between mathematical ability and autism?
Cognitive bias believing you are good at the things you are bad at, as successes are more vivid?
What would make parents lose their instinct to protect their own children?
Wrong class behavior
Why sociopaths cant be sexual sadists
Chomskian view on grammar
Does our consciousness die when we go to sleep or fall into a coma?
Sexual sadists who feel guilt
Publicly accessible database for the Autistic brain under MRI and/or fMRI
Different passions
Are women naturally inclined to expose their skin more than men are?
Balanced Introduction to CBT and the Science Behind It
Does sexual orientation influence gender bias?
What is the psychology behind bathroom humor?
Can the neurological damage done by alcohol be reversed?
Can Transcendental meditation be used in lab setting via Digital instructor or do we need a practitioner for TM?
Supplementary Motor Area or Juxtapositional Lobule Cortex
Does the informational content of the mind determine its structure?
Is type-II error correlated to g?
Rates of parental burnout for parents with ASD children/disability
Girls with LONG pleated skirts turn me on
Explanation of "I never thought I'd get this far"
Is life a container or a point?
What important psychological results would not have been discovered without experiments on non-human animals?
If one day we can abandon our brain
Is there any Sleep limit for a human body?
is there any psychological condition that fits what I describe?
