File format for swept profile with changing normal
Transformation Matrices
ping pong between same framebuffer two color attachments
How do CAD programs render non-polygonal 3D objects?
How much precision (half, float, double, etc) is enough for a Color class?
What other paradigms exist besides vector/fragment/transform graphics programming?
Computing a rotation: complex numbers vs rotation matrix
Transformations about a Plane
Algorithm for adjusting the speed of a progress bar animation
Weird rendering in rectangle mesh shader AKA Why has my basic shader become a modern art generator?
Animating a smooth linear transformation
What Are The Default Values of `glReadBuffer/glDrawBuffer(s)` for an FBO?
How to get unique nearest neighbour?
What happens when GL_Depth is disabled
Screenspace Normals - Creation, Normal Maps, and Unpacking
I dont understand how a GPU computes and branches, could you please help me fix this shader preformance
Correct Specular Term of the Cook-Torrance / Torrance-Sparrow Model
Where should I project a polygon corner when it is behind me?
Physically based shading - ambient/indirect lighting
Bug: Overly Sharp Highlights in PBR
Frustum aligned volume integration - aliasing issue - temporal reprojection
OpenGL specular shading - Gradient banding issues
Photo-realism blind experiment
How to correctly render visible spectrum with uniform intensity?
Confusion between usages of linear RGB and sRGB
What is a good algorithm, and framework, to calculate centres of gravity or mass (cog)?
Is it expected that a naive path tracer takes many, many samples to converge?
Only show opaque objects behind transparent objects
selectively setting stencil value based on vertex property in vertex shader
Image cleaning - removing all regular shapes ( circles, squares, text, icons etc. )
Creating Sparks using Code
Unfolding a 3D point to a Cartesian plane
Use big frame buffer to control a small display
OpenGL: Purpose of transform matrix in Vertex shader where transform*vertex
Where is the best place for Tangent-bitangent calculation, in shader or in C/CPP code?
OpenTK - Vertex attribute layout issue
Solid angle and surface area values in (photometric) raytracing
What is the difference between a Sampler and an Image variables in GLSL?
Is this Russian roulette code correct?
Background behind 3D model
Proper way to handle diffuse + refraction + reflection rays in path tracing?
Rotate a cylinder from XY plane to given points
Do we use 3x3 matrices in computer graphics?
What is the fundamental reasoning for anti aliasing using multiple random samples within a pixel?
Error with tube lighting
How can I implement a complex sinusoidal function?
Encode two R11G11B10F buffers into one using Y'CbCr?
Image rescaling algorithm
Transforming fragment-to-camera to tangent space for parallax occlusion mapping
Alternatives to Clipping in avoiding display problem
Programmatically generating vertex normals
OpenGL ES Frag Shader - Branching
Real time image based lighting for arbitrary BRDFs coordinate alignment
The Process of Spherical Harmonics
Colorblending shader recompilation scenarios
What if we don't mention Modelview and projection matrix?
Preserving luminance
Creating a gently moving 2D fog effect
Mask out parts of an image in OpenGL ES
What is the name of these software on 2 screen?
Transform a centered isosceles trapezoid in a rectangle in 2-D
Mirroring avatar
Fluid sim: CPU vs. GPU
Rotating an Object Around an Axis
Pixel density / color channel depth ratio for dithered gradients
Why do GPUs still have rasterizers?
Optimizing performance on hardware
What's the main difference of pipeline process between Vulkan and DX12?
Special directional light type
Solving a problem from *Foundations of Computer Graphics*:
Building a lookat camera matrix
How to clip multiple tiled textures to polygon in Webgl / opengl
Perspective Correct Texture Mapping
Why does rotation about an arbitrary axis have degree of freedom 6
How will the z-buffers have the same values even if polygons are sent in different order?
Successive lineTo(x, y) in JavaScript
Is there a method to do ray marching style modulus repeat with raytracing?
Should I use nonsymmetric BSDF for refraction in BPT?
searching for acceptable quality shadow mapping techniques
I need advice and good reference in geometric modeling?
Can I ignore importance, adjoint equations, GRDFs for my path tracer?
Problem with Basic Diffuse Lighting
Feature detection for embedded platform OpenCV
Texture Mapping jagged pixel edges
Should ideal specular multiply light colour with material colour?
GPU branching if without else
Correctness of logical steps for create the matrix of viewing transformation
Compression-friendly PNG files
Zoom in orthographic vs perspective projection
What graphics techniques can be used to simulate a color nebula effect?
What is the difference and/or relationship between the OpenGL SDK and the OpenGL GPU driver?
Bezier Curve Tool Controlled by Mouse
Eye Parallax Refraction
Flexible Vertex Format Constants in Direct3D 11
What are some new Real-Time Graphics Rendering Techniques to get closer to real life?
Physically Based Area Lights
How to get clean plate from moving footage?
Better Shadow Mapping Techniques
Can I reuse glBindBufferBase in compute shaders to keep data on GPU?
How to find silhouette for concaver
WebGL packing/unpacking functions that can roundtrip all typical 32-bit floats
Lambertian Shading of a cube
Error when calling glfwCreateWindow() on OS X after updating to Sierra
Material Layering
Alternatives to Ambient Occlusion
What are Spherical Harmonics & Light Probes?
memory consumption for a true color frame buffer
How does a PenTile display controller interpret its RGB framebuffer?
Normal 2D photo to VR-compatible spherical photo
Why if we rotate an object by R and then translate it with T, from the object perspective, we're actually applying $-T$ and then $-R$
Model UVs optimization
Why is spherical harmonics used in low frequency graphics data instead of a spherical Fourier transform?
Does the blending matrix change between calculating various curve segments in a uniform cubic B-splines approximation?
What is the relation between Aliasing and Flickering?
What is the correct order of transformations scale, rotate and translate and why?
What is Radiosity?
Setting up integer texture and binding as image
Texture coordinates projection
Normal vector in Phong Illumination Model should be normalized?
Attribute Location in Multiple Shader Programs
Calculate an equally bright grey to a linear RGB colour
Why does increasing simplex noise dimension wash it out?
Feature extractions from an image to produce a fingerprint
Is there a material that contributes to GI, but isn't directly visible?
How are Physically Based Rendering Methods Researched?
Place images relative to each other based on where they were shot
Bloom in DirectX
Can I have lower color bit depth in sample buffer than target framebuffer?
How to implement Texture Baking?
What is this triangle sub-division scheme called?
Why should you do homogenization after clipping?
Subtle bugs in Fortune's algorithm implementation
How is data stored into a frame buffer?
Instanced Stereo Rendering vs. Multiple Command Buffers
How are the colors for each pixel from a Ray Tracer stored in an Image?
How is Anti Aliasing Implemented in Ray Tracing?
What are the benefits of downscaling on modern games?
Books to learn Ray Tracing
How to rasterize a line when the background color is not always white?
Non-Polygonal 3D cube rasterization
how to map rectangular coordinate system onto JavaFX GraphicsContext canvas
setting up integer texture and binding as image pt. 2
Mapping of cylinder to 2D plane
Inverted yaw angle in the view matrix
Points of a line given in global coordinates to calculate the pixels that are set using the midpoint algorithm without anti-aliasing
Derivation of Wikipedia's path tracing diffuse BRDF
Is it possible to turn a 3d rotation matrix (4x4) into its component parts (rotation, scale, etc.)?
Ladder to DNA using Transformation Matrix
How can I improve the performance of my custom Global Illumination approach?
Path weight for direct light sampling
What is the difference between a point transformation and a vector transformation?
Projected points and screen coordinates
Screen coordinates, barycentric coordinates and global coordinateas
Is it possible to create a forced focus with a dual layer of images in order to Avoid eye strain with Virtual and Augmented Reality?
Register pressure in Compute Shader
How can I intercept and filter all frames coming out of SteamVR?
How to translate object to origin?
Are these edges a result of display color accuracy, computational accuracy, or something else?
How is glint rendering done in Ray Tracing?
What is a good color similarity metric?
Why normalise Lambertian BRDF by 1/pi?
Early exit strategy for SSAO
Am I calculating perspective projection correctly?
Form Factors confusion in Radiosity papers
What is the purpose of this cube in color quantization?
Normalize NURBS knot vector
What parts of unbiased path tracing pipeline can benefit from OpenCL?
UV Coordinate Interpolation in Compute Shader
why pygraphviz layout() move the nodes which has 'pin = true'?
Area Lights in Path Tracing
Depth of Field in Path Tracing: What do I do with the secondary ray?
Aligning similar surface meshes consistently
What is the most physically accurate representation of color possible in computer graphics?
What is the most physically accurate model of surface materials possible in computer graphics?
Method for rendering heightmap from a 3D scene
Exponential shadow maps sampling with PCF for sampler2DShadow instead of sampler2D
Why would a 4d texture be used for color conversion?
How to project a 3D point onto a plane along another (axis) vector?
How to perform vertex selection using unproject (Qt/openGL)
Rotating object around its own center
What is the correct way to put different textures on different parts of an object?
Ocean Wave Rendering
Creating a mesh from a point cloud?
Sampling against geometry normals
Percentage-closer Soft Shadows implementation
Signed distance field font looks odd
Why is there so many macros in OpenGL?
B-Spline patches on the tessellation shader. How to get the control points
Improved Laplacian smoothing of noisy surface meshes
Binary scene voxelization using imageStore - problem
OpenGL VertexArray Data "Retention"?
Handling Projective Aliasing In Shadow Mapping
Path tracing the Cook-Torrance BRDF
What's the difference between Sample and tex2D
Do GPU performance improve when rendering at native or half resolution, compared to fixed scaling?
What is this shadow mapping error called?
Volume Rendering (Path Tracing & Real-Time)
Texture coordinates are not updating according to the vertex divisor specified
GLSL shader debugging
Display that supports full CIE xyY color space
DirectX / OpenGL(Vulkan) concepts mapping chart
How to understand Z-Fighting?
Avoiding CPU race condition/cache invalidation of RNG on multi thread path tracing
How to achieve gimbal lock with Euler angles?
Is there a difference in how ATI cards draw triangle strips vs Nvidia cards that would cause ATI cards to output nothing?
Storing 3D animations for ray tracing
Skybox in a Ray Tracer
Modern way of light sources in OpenGL?
Why can't I utilize multiple CPU cores with OpenGL like Vulkan?
How to generate a 360 degre video
OpenGL ES 3 - Uniform buffer object with float array
Is there a way to draw spherical objects without triangles?
Benchmark GLSL fragment shader
Given a composited image, is it possible to find the color and opacity of an overlaid shape?
Is it Possible to send data directly to the GPU via a custom hardware interface?
Given two arbitrary surfaces, what is the accurate and quite fast algo to find collision within X distance?
Get screen size and then resize image accordingly
Can I use QueryPerformanceCounter to measure single draw or compute call performance?
Do animation studios like Pixar, Dreamworks, and Disney use super-sampling?
What explains the high specularity of metals?
Machine Learning and Computer Graphics
How to do texturing with OpenGL direct state access?
How does a rigged model work?
Mix shader looks wrong on my path tracer
OpenGL texelFetch causes black stripes
Mimicking Blender's "roughness" in my path tracer
Volumetric Obscurance : line integrals
How to handle specular highlights with reflection / total internal reflection in a ray tracer?
Detect a lossy matrix decomposition?
How to change sampler/pipeline states at runtime in Vulkan?
Screen to World coordinates glm::unProject
How to properly direct light sample GGX in path tracing
Finding the nearest neighbor of polygons
How does this function calculate normals of a mesh?
Downscaling by skipping rows and columns – any example images?
Selection of GI techniques working in real time
Multiple viewports with modern OpenGL?
Texture mapping on a quad strip
Challenges of Offline Rendering
How is that possible that matrices can be thought as coordinate systems?
Is there a way to do sphere caustics analytically?
What's a parent vector space or coordinate system?
How to translate mouse movement to a rotation gizmo?
What does "st" mean in the context of OpenGL?
Is there a difference between window and screen in computer graphics?
Enter/Exit of unit cube representable as 4 numbers?
Explanation of a the transparency of an .EXR file
Are the terms screen and the monitor in computer graphics used interchangeably?
Using RGB texture format for image load/store
How double-buffers works in opengl?
Trying to understand environmental cubemaps
How to convert decomposed transformations between different coordinate systems?
smooth zoom animation formulas (and rounding numbers)
What does "makeContextCurrent" do exactly?
Rounding rules for mip level with point sampling
translate coordinates relative to line segment
How glVertexAttribPointer works?
Super basic question: OpenGL version/install issue
Better alternatives to the Lambert BRDF
Refraction in a Ray Tracer: What do with an intersection within the medium?
Average point on sphere between 3 other points (spherical triangle)
Given two convex patches, how to find points/faces that have distance < x?
Mirror Reflections: Ray Tracing or Rasterisation?
Unable to pass custom Matrix4 to GLSL as a uniform
How to get the GLFW_CONTEXT_VERSION_MAJOR value?
Fragment shader's output variables
Anti-aliasing - Controlling colour density of pixel that comes within the "rectangle" surrounding my line
Particle & Fluid Simulation: Where to learn?
How to perform an image normalization after for example adding a constant to it?
If statements in shaders - implications and consequences
Calculating intensities of Virtual Point Lights in Instant Radiosity from IES lights
How does this app pull off fast, high radius HDR
Path tracer - multi layered materials and importance sampling
What are Jittering and Dithering
How to watch image being ray traced?
How to output a 32 floating value in a render buffer with fragment shader
Barycentric Coordinates of a Point on a Line
Multiple VAO share a VBO
Multiple buffers and calling glBufferSubData
Which technique is fast to generate real-time reflections?
What graphic languages are simpler than SVG for database diagrams?
What is a good approach for handling uniforms in modern OpenGL?
Test if polygon edge is facing another polygon
Can one VAO store multiple calls to glVertexAttribPointer?
Point respect to plane
Getting texture value of cartesian coordinate from a Obj file
How can I send custom bitmap to frame buffer?
Does programs like After effects and Unity engine use graphics library to render custom guis?
Bevel/Chamfer algorithm for arbitrary 3D mesh
Additive blending with weighted-blended order independent transparency
What framework shoud I use to implement the RAISR upscaling algorithm on the GPU?
Calculating Skeleton-Deformed Mesh Normals
Multiplication of SH coefficient sets representing occlusion and color
How can i make my ray tracing algorithm fast in terms of intersection testing?
My perspective projection is messed up?
Volumetric raycasting with transparent rasterized geometry
Does cosine weighted hemisphere sampling still require NdotL when calculating contribution for indirect light?
Correcting my "look-at" matrix so that it works on non-camera objects?
Can you batch vertex data and still sort by depth?
GPU not reaching 100% usage when frame rate is dropping
Fill the plane with pentagons as tightly as possible in a regular way
understanding glm::perspective vs glm::ortho
Advice on how to create GLSL 2D soft smoke/cloud shader
Generation of stratified cosine weighted samples on hemisphere
Scalar multiplication in vecmath on Matrix4f results in strange values
Specular exponent spectrum
image warping, given the rotations/translations
Bump mapping a ray-traced sphere
How to adapt diffuse/GI light mapper to directional light maps?
Sending shadow rays to the sun
Algorithm to map a triangular mesh onto plane preserving angles and distances from one vertex
Energy Conservation in Lighting Equation
Artifacts when gamma correcting
Where do the coefficients in the Catmull-Clark subdivision algorithm come from?
Subdivision vertex normal interpolation
Z buffer working in OpenGL
Picking multiple light sources from a mixture densities
OpenGL back and front buffer - counting and adjusting the number of red pixels before displaying to screen
How to use my Ray Tracer in 3DS Max
Main techniques to draw a point at non integer coordinates?
Why thumbnail shows just another pic?
View / print index values?
Vectorizing half tone images
Building view transform matrices
Creating Signed Distance Fields Images On The Fly For WebGL Application
Turn an enclosed region into a triangle mesh
Can a scene graph be stored in the GPU?
Should the alpha channel be gamma corrected
Radiance at a nearly perpendicular angle is almost infinite?
Acceleration techniques for CPU soft-shadow calculation in light mapper
OpenGL - drawing icosahedrons and cylinders and combining them
Correct post-displacement normal calculation (Y-component and epsilon)
Inverse Kinematics with more than 2 segments
Why the BRDF of specular reflection is infinite in the reflection direction?
Energy conservation of BRDF
Fresnel and specular colour
Equivalent of Fresnel law for determining transmitted/diffuse split
How to get Ray Tracer working in Visual Studio
First steps towards CAD standard curve fitting
Need help with VBO/VAO
OpenGL - how to draw instances of several objects?
With OpenGL, is it correct to apply model transformation to rotate the camera?
Path Tracing With Multiple Lights
How can I generate mipmaps manually?
How linear interpolation works between mipmaps?
What happened to my texture mapping?
Alpha blending between two overlapping semi-transparent shapes
Beginner CG Research Project
Workflow of the Naive Surface Nets algorithm
Remove clearly not visible vertices from a polygon
How To Generate High Quality Bitmap From Canvas For WebGL Texture
Calculate Transformation between two point sets - but with constrained Degrees of Freedom
How Sunlight is added in Bidirectional Path tracing?
Stretch the cube mesh but repeat the texture?
How to count DPI of an image (challenge)?
Calculate a rotation around an arbitrary axis
Why are RGB tertiary colors so similar to RGB primary colors?
Understanding camera() settings in Processing
reducing image size increases file size?
High resolution screenshot
Understanding Jump Flooding Algorithm (JFA) for Voronoi Diagrams
Calculate Camera parameters and HandEyeCalibration
How to quickly draw multiple instances of a texture?
Do you have to clear the depth buffer each frame in OpenGL
How to count aspect ratio of an image when you have dimensions?
How do you calculate cos(theta) for diffuse in flat shading?
How to calculate the RGB intensity values at center of face using flat shading?
In Ray-Sphere intersection is $b=2*(O-C) \cdot dirv$?
How to send shadow rays to window light source with glazing
How to handle a parametric equation in raytracing?
Getting from the default view volume to an image on the screen
What's the concept of "Ray" really?
Which 3D object properties should be affected by distance?
What metrics are used for deciding if a 3D object is visible?
What's a "texel coordinate"?
Efficiently sampling specific surfaces using MIS in path tracing
What is the equation for flat shading?
Fundamental Questions: Building vs Compiling vs Rendering vs Coding vs Running?
Swap buffers twice does not show the first scene
More accurate Fresnel approximation for a RGB-based Path Tracer
realtime dynamic reflections, which way to go?
The constructor of hyperboloid in pbrt-v3
Am I passing the correct matrices for my shader? openGL/C++
How can I chase down VRAM & GTT memory leaks?
My (ADS) shader doesn't render the light direction correctly
In forward rendering what's the go to technique to smooth out rigid shadow due to low resolution shadowmap texture?
Phong: Real-time rendering of Metal and Plastic Materials
Optimization Strategies for FFT sound transformations using GPGPU
animating falling object
Amount of light reaching the sensor of pinhole camera model
Tilting a 3d object to face a camera and have it look like it's spinning on the y axis
How do I implement object picking, using OBB in OpenGL?
Implementation of the paper "unified texture management of arbitrary meshes"
How can i achieve reflections like this?
How to organize Lights and Models?
Artifacts (numerical errors?) in rasterisation renderer
Final transformation matrix to transform world coordinate into vrc
Advice on synthetic data generation using 3D mesh
How to build a 3d model from 2d pictures
Easing curves on the GPU?
Find RGB intensity values at center of face using Gouraud shading
How does the depth range test in Rauwendaal & Bailey's voxelisation algorithm work?
Compute Shader PSO Dx12
Streaming video camera input from WebCamTexture on mobile? (Possibly via WebRTC or websocket?)
NormalMap problems: bumps work, but shade does not
LWJGL/OpenGL get BufferedImage from texture ID
Derivative maps vs. Tangent Space Normal maps
Skia example code not writing an image
Why does this edge detect show different results for the same color combinations?
What are the advantages of having two chroma channels and a luma channel vs. three chroma channels?
What is the name of the RGB thing I want to be able to do, and what free program(s) can do it automatically?
What aspects of GPU architecture are computer graphics programmers expected to be intimately familiar with?
Pathtracing specular reflections vs. specular highlights
Does normal mapping make sense for a view of earth from space?
Transformation between aspect ratio
OpenGL set a vertex element stride of zero
Clashes when combining openGL and GUI
How to know when rendering is complete in WebGL?
How much precision do I need in my G-Buffer?
Irradiance Map Equation What is "dω"?
How does the Waves class in the book Introduction to 3D Game Programming with DirecX11 work?
Can somebody explain this Ray Tracing Function?
What is Importance Sampling?
Performance impact during texture layer loading
DX12 compute signature
Ray Tracing Shadows: The Shadow Line Artifact
DX12- hlsl code invoking
Invoking shader in DX
Vectorizing to polylines instead of paths
Spherical Harmonics Diffuse CubeMap. How to get coefficients?
Replace a chain of image blurs with one blur
Rendering Crystal Clear 3D Text in VR
Can draw.io type flowcharts be programmed?
How do I use barycentric coordinates to interpolate vertex normal?
Can I voxelize 3D set of points without reconstructing surface first?
Readback Data through Buffers
Caustics: methods to render?
WebGL Spotlight
Subsurface Scattering Without Rays?
Special Texture Stretching without deformation
Emission of light from texture on WebGL
How to generate a 2d histogram?
How to use Monotone cubic interpolation in 3D?
Octave matrix to image pixels too small (do not have 1 pixel per integer)
Confused about prefiltering environment maps (Manson 16)
Russian Roulette - Maximum call stack size exceeded
Strange behaviour in vertex shader with divisions
What is name for far lowcontrast blueish landspace?
Troubleshoot half vector sampling from a distribution (cook-torrence, trowbridge-reitz, etc)
Help me grasp Anisotropic Filtering (AF)
Uses for Stencil Buffer
Why is $pdf(\Psi) = \frac{1}{2\pi}$ when picking from hemisphere uniformly?
Visualize the output of a Trowbridge-Reitz Half Vector Sampling Function
Render with camera perspective off-center
Tracing shadow rays in a scene with mirrors
What prevents older GPUs from supporting Vulkan?
Algorithm for shared complex edge simplification
Send Texture to Shader
Specular Highlight Gray When Behind Model
Phong shading in OpenGL: line of light from the center of the world
How to choose which reflection probe to use?
glDrawArrays is failing with GL_INVALID_ENUM
Join two bezier curves so that the result is two-times continuously differentiable
Worst Case Scenario for Cohen-Sutherland Line Clipping Algorithm
What kind of image processing was used in the Facebook "Celebrate Pride" filter?
"Light intensity" of an RGB value
How can I offset/shrink a triangular polygon in GLSL?
WebGL: Why are my textures black?
Problem with specular BRDF (Monte Carlo & Path Tracing)
Fast approximation of spherical texture coordinates
Is there any open-source implementation of n*log(n) visibility graph construction algorithm?
Normal Interpolation for Phong shading
Image regeneration with nearest neighbor search
Formula for the ambient light intensity of a scene?
Is there a concept for a cross platform GUI?
Pixel dispersion (dissolving) algorithms
Range of integers returned by glGenBuffers?
Best way to group 3d points into planes, if any
How am I able to perform perspective projection without a near plane?
Possible methods to deal with artifacts when drawing billboards to a cubemap
How can I utilize all cores of CPU In my ray tracer with std::thread?
What is the name of toroidal 2D space
What could cause realtime lighting within a viewport to be calculated on the wrong part of the screen?
Multiple shader passes to the same texture?
WebGL- moving an object in the line of sight
What does "Bidirectional" in BRDF mean?
Why is the scan line filling algorithm so seemingly over complicated?
Need help reasoning about video oscillation >60hz
Dual paraboloid shadow texture edge seams
Does smooth lighting work with Gouraud shading on single triangles?
Jos Stam's "Stable Fluids" boundary conditions
Cascaded shadow maps. Seams between cascades
What is the best practice for data in a VBO?
Progressive Path Tracing with Explicit Light Sampling
Recreating a font from a low-quality printout
Is there a material table for the Cook Torrance BRDF?
Explain Radiance Estimate for photon mapping
How to find Light Direction from a Point on a surface to an Area Light
What is missing in this image that stops it from looking like a photograph?
Why is the back of a perspective frustrum larger than the front?
How is measured BRDF data recorded?
How are fluid simulations handled in Computer Graphics?
Fresnel equation with incident angle, n and k as input
Rigorous and simple explanation for satisfying boundary conditions in Stam and Bridson papers
Mathematics of Sub Surface Scattering
Confused with PBR implementations
Explanation of the Marching Squares saddle points resolution
GLSL function parameters
Why is AO considered Post-Processing?
Link between blue noise sampling and blue noise textures?
Screen Space Ambient Occlusion Issues
An algorithm to find the area of intersection between a convex polygon and a 3D polyhedron?
correct rgb or cmyk code from some proportion of cyan, magenta and yellow
Is this the correct interpretation of the separable SSS artistic model?
OpenGL with VBA
Algorithm to remove inner faces of a triangulated mesh
Interpolation of orientations
Can one application inject triangles into the graphics pipeline of another application?
A recent approach for subsurface scattering
How can deal with batch rendering when the elements in the batch changed every frame?
LWJGL/OpenGL render textured quad
Image Laplacian incomprehension
Volume Rendering: Implementation
The variance for the Monte Carlo estimator
Minimum requirements to uniquely represent a 3D object in space
Help with start up bias in Metropolis Light Transport
How do I use ColorSync Utility to convert between Display P3 and sRGB?
Rotation matrix for a 3D object in space
row and column majored rotation matrix pre- or post- multiplied
how to overcome tracking jitter
3D projection that increases objects' size as they become more distant
Store 3d coordinates in a 2d image?
Mitsuba Bidirectional Framework
How are Normal Maps created?
LWJGL 3 render to texture offscreen without display
What is better to use for real-time computing Mesh - Plane intersection points, GPU or CPU?
What is the potential equation in PBR?
Errors on Compiling my first program on OpenGL on Ubuntu
Determining the 'outer' subpath in a compound SVG path
Why do games only allow certain resolutions?
3D sphere mesh with a predefined number of vertices and a given adjacency matrix of vertices
How do you get edge flow information from mesh
Compute area (not surface area) and perimeter of a mesh
2D sampling with multidimensional transformations
How to create a noise model with a constant PSNR?
Algorithms to Remove High Frequency Noise from Path Tracing
What is the difference in overlay and framebuffer?
Extract visible vertices from a 3D geometry model
Pattern recognition on 3d geometry
Passing Colour from program to vertex shader
Suggested image preprocessing before applying threshold
Exact Formula for Diffuse Hemisphere Lighting
Convex non simple polygon?
The reciprocity of BRDF
How is Iridescence handled in a Path Tracer?
CrazyBump Shape Recognition
Why are width and height divided by 2 in the perspective projection matrix?
Strange behaviour in simple software rasterizer
Convert prc-file (3D PDF) to 2D file format
Rectangle bounds of isometric object to isometric bounds
Color transform algorithm (that also works on saturation and value/lightness)?
Honouring Depth Test with Stencil Test
How can I verify if a selection area is over a shape in SVG?
Computation of conservative AABB for clipped triangle
Monte Carlo Integration
How can a diffused(frosted) glass be modelled in path tracing
How can I draw a line whose position is given in UV space and its width in screen space?
Loading a material via assimp
Image resize with pixel accumulation?
adobe illustrator art brush, how does it work?
Seamless Textures
Hiding Boundaries with the Eye close to a set of adjacent textured quads
glOrtho() in fixed function pipeline - Unable to see change in z-axis
Dynamic Array in GLSL
Motion Blur via depth re-construction too sensitive
How to describe a position of a point w.r.t the position and orientation of 3 other points
Ambient Lighting
OpenSCAD: Using outline of 2D shape
Finding Segments in Continuous line
procedurally generating a texture overlay simulating shrink wrap
List of triangles to minimum amount of convex polygons
glClear's result can't be seen when using bindless texture
How can I remove aliasing in an image without introducing blur?
How to run semi lagrangian advection backward in time
Constant screen-space-width rim shading
fragment shader median/weigthed sum of neighbors depth values (optimization)
Would the surface of a large carbon-nanotupe structure look metalic?
Applying 3d transformation to cuboid
Relationship between spatial frequency of an image and Aliasing
Slope Based Texturing
constrain based dynamic geometry generation
Why isn't PNG preferred over JPG for being lossless art quality yet?
Different result with DSA (vertexArrayVertexBuffer, vertexArrayAttribBinding) than with glBufferData
Why is the half vector not used in diffuse BRDF Fresnel calculations?
Why do we multiply vertex from left side in vertex shader with matrices?
How can I perform a triangle inside test in polygon meshes?
How do I include all extensions my system supports using GLAD?
How to use textures with DSA?
How to use multithreading in 3D software renderer to speed up fetching texture values
How to correct point cloud distortion
'glGenVertexArrays’ was not declared in this scope
Dealing with blown-out highlights in PBR
GLSL broken access operator
Is placing z value of vertex in w enough to achieve perspective projection in OpenGL?
Do I have to have a buffer bound before making a draw call?
Return x; y; coordinates of vertex C of triangle
Manipulating simulation within glutMainLoop from an Excel spreadsheet
Beer's law in dielectric material
Correct way to set normal strength
DX9 Shadow map PCF issue
About the use of Russian Roulette in Smallpt
Forward Rendering Distortion Effect
Why use image load / stores instead of FBOs
Make Object created in a list blend in/dissolve out of a scene
A way to save 360° panorama video
How to find vertices on borders of geometry
What happens to float values written to UNSIGNED_BYTE texture?
Algorithm for clipping convex quadrilaterals
How do you interpolate UV mapping coords in a quad tessellation evaluation shader?
What's the nature of Monte Carlo noise?
Emission maps that interact with a bump map
iPhone GLU(OpenGL Utility Library)
Why does the camera not remain child of the other camera after adding it in osg?
Tone Mapping & Gamma Correction
How to calculate attenuation and radiance in PBR? (point and directional lights)
Polygons versus curve primitives in software rendering
Round Box SDF scaling issue
Most efficient way to render many OO meshes in OpenGL
human visual: relation of Distance and DPI
Rendering of large STL files
Point of view and rotation
Is it possible to draw the intersection of two squares of known dimension using only x,y coordinates and without an if statement?
Why are quads used in filmmaking and triangle in gaming?
Tesselation sine distortion?
can half of a picture be processed and viewed?
Make 3d objects from 3 projections in 3D Studio Max
Sample Correlation and Random Variables -- An Intuitive Explanation?
An example of Combining Stratified Sampling and Importance Sampling in AGI
What is the difference between glossy and specular reflection?
Nearest depth upsampling
What's the difference between geometric surface normal and shading surface normal?
How to merge multiple exr into a single multilayer exr?
How does UnrealEngine handle depth?
Lighting ramps compressed to zonal harmonics
How to get camera Right vector when Front vector and WorldUp vector are collinear
Tasks of a professional graphics programmer?
C++/OpenGL program crashes after return of glDispatchCompute function (TDR related?)
Compute sphere tangent for normal mapping
Upscaling 720p to 1080p vs upscaling 768p to 1080p
Phong BRDF in Mitsuba, Tungsten and AGI
Is there a way I can make this easier for openGL to draw?
Gaussian blur with transparency
Inverse-Transpose of Vertex Normals
Scan Line Polygon Fill Edge Table Entry Order
Appropriate filter steps for resolving a droplet pixel
Using Monte carlo on Rayleigh scattering
Finding all possible reflection matrices for a given Wythoff construction
Can OpenGL ES 2.0 api calls be integrated with a Direct3D application using ANGLE?
What is a common approach to smooth structures in textures?
Thick Line segment
Is there a term for mapping between two arbitrary quadrilaterals without using homography / perspective projection?
Getting improper undistorted images for stereo calibration
Please, help me to understand why my raytracing camera rotates in wrong directions?
Vulkan: Uniform Buffers versus Push Constants for static data
The distance from the cube sides to the parallel projection plane
How is it possible to generate geometries using space folding?
OpenGL: Rendering 2D shadows
Does a constant reflection over the light spectrum lead to grayscale value?
Perlin Noise with Smooth function vs Lerp
How to set flags and usage glnamedBufferStorage in new OpenGL 4.4+ (GL_STATIC_DRAW)?
Is there a DSA technique for transform feedback?
How are mipmap levels computed in Metal?
What causes this color shift?
Why do I need memory barrier when doing atomic operations?
Do I need to use glMemoryBarrier with atomic counters?
How do you scale an image across planes while retaining perfect tiling?
Best practices for VRAM management in dynamic environments (e.g. games)
Why do I need to inverse the orientation matrix of a camera to be able to translate it in the direction it is facing?
How do you implement perspective correct Gouraud shading across a triangle?
PBRT path tracing: negation of ray direction before next event estimation
In Metal, what performance advantages are there, if any, to using vertex descriptors and the [[stage_in]] qualifier?
Confused about material layering
How to simulate specular reflection in Light Tracing?
What does it *mean* to scale in an arbitrary direction?
How can an OpenGL visualization run for weeks?
Interpolating normals during animation
General interpolation practices
How to rotate an object around any axis if i have just local x and y?
XMMatrixPerspectiveFovLH is broken?
Basis vectors and plane equation
Raytracing in OpenGL using Compute Shaders
How to read vertex color before rendering texture?
Algorithm for 3D mesh model segmentation to chart
OpenGL animation - turn into mp4 movie
Does premultiplied alpha give order independent transparency?
Are there tricks for getting proper sort ordering on particle systems?
An Effective way to explain Ray Tracing?
How to derive the formula@NathanReed answer
How do I handle uniforms in a deferred renderer?
Making an approximately constant color or brightness image
How to properly color particles in N body sim?
Stereoscopic 3D app development
Path tracing with Next event estimation and area lights auto occlusion
How to compare anti-aliasing effects on images ?
How to record N-body simulation as a video?
Creating a vanishing point perspective shader
Dealing with wasted space when using SIMD on CPU for vector maths
Bilinear Interpolation
pseudoinverse Jacobian and adding more control in computer animation
Do occlusion queries respect the stencil test at all?
Culling point lights with specular
Fill an irregular region with 2D shapes
Handling GPU resource management
Artifacts in omni light shadow mapping
Diffuse BRDF component of the Disney BRDF
Mitchell's Best Candidate Algorithm
Ray intersection with Sun positions throughout the year
Why do we have to partition non-convex polygons into convex polygons in a map in Binary Space Partitioning?
How can I implement GIMP's "Colorize" function?
Was Evans & Sutherland CT5 really created in 1981?
How can I use 3d animation to create a character that uses sign language?
Barycentric coordinates for 5-sided polytope of two triangles and three trapezoids
Making low discrepancy sequence noise textures, not LDS sample positions
How can I combine two filter kernels for image processing to create a single kernel?
GL_STATIC_DRAW vs GL_DYNAMIC_DRAW vs GL_STREAM_DRAW: does it matter?
How does the Lane resienfield algorithm work?
Hooke's Law vector form
Cloud rendering and transparency order
360 degrees rotation around x axis
GLSL. Can someone explain why gl_FragCoord.xy / screenSize is performed and for what reason?
Does this 3D rendering method exist? How is it called? Is there any C++ algorithm for it?
OpenGL : How to translate an object with it's own axis
Fuse detailed road mesh with regular grid terrain mesh
Logarithmic spiral with equal vertex spacing, what equations?
What is a nonrigid motion?
Buffer of arrays in HLSL compute shader
Vulkan best way of updating pipeline viewport
Supporting multiple camera types in a deferred renderer without specializing the shaders or in the shaders
Avoid having an opaque and transparent variant of each pixel shader
Program to visualize geodesics and linear projection of an ellipsoid simultaneously
Fading particles and transition
Path Tracing & Materials
Role of gl.vertexAttrib
Volumetric integration in Frostbite
Power heuristic in multiple importance sampling
Sampling a textureCube using a screen quad
How to dynamically calculate texture coordinates in a vertex shader with OpenGL?
How to prevent moire artifacts in this light casting algorithm?
Issue with declaring inputs to geometry shader?
How would I convert a picture of a slanted surface into a straight one?
Why do red, green, and blue make up all the colors?
Explanation of math of the Smith G1 term
Vector Math for Raytracer
Why is the line from the camera to vanishing point parallel to the other parallel lines?
How to do heterogeneous volume absorption using path tracing?
Rounding the edges in a mitered line segment inside of a fragment shader
The mathematics of two dimensional interpolation on a quad
Shader storage buffer indexing by 4 bytes instead of 3?
How to eliminate line aliasing in an object made of cubes?
Visualizing the Lane-Riesenfeld Algorithm
What's the meaning of the "dynamic" in "high dynamic range"?
Extract 3D seam coordinates from
How can I check if a polygon can completely contain a circle of a certain radius?
Calculate set of rectangles covering pixel diffs?
If I have an nVidia graphics card on Linux, do I need Mesa or FreeGLUT or anything like that?
How does voxel cone tracing work?
Extracting the green-screen region borders
Are there LOD Algorithms that work through removing objects?
Vertices of a regular polygon given the incircle radius
How do I do batch conversion (preferably in MATLAB) from .gif images to .off or .stl mesh files?
Why does an affine transform work only on three of the corners?
How is Ambient Occlusion calculated in "Deep Screen Space"?
How to get the length of paths in an given font/character
Help understanding Perlin Noise
How to modify Perlin (not simplex) noise to create continental like terrain generation
3D reconstruction using 2D matched points
OpenGL : How to rotate an object around viewing space x-axis
Is there ever a time when I should *not* use the GL* types?
Should I prefer an AMD or Nvidia GPU for studying graphics programming, especially with respect to vendor specific debugging tools and ecosystem?
Roughness Remapping
Matlab scatter hotmap
What happens with the framebuffer after the fragment shader is done?
How to plot an input signal in image?
Color of the Sky
What determines the color gamut of a display?
How to calculate camera distance so that after projective transformation a quad is filling the whole screen
Is 100 Hz really 100 Hz, or is it 99.97Hz
Natural Environment Illumination in Augmented Reality
Issue with image load stores and compute shaders
What is this technique called and how can I reproduce it algorithmically?
Threads per compute shader group
Determining Vanishing Points of edges of Triangle using given Point
How to calculate curvature of isoline of image
What is an OpenGL VAO in a nutshell?
What's a proper way to clamp dither noise?
Are textures automatically Morton-coded when loaded to VRAM?
Rounding corners of polygon given vertices of its corners
How to decompose projection matrix?
Ask for a study path to simulate water like this
Is there any free software to visualize a texture mapped to a sphere?
Why does opengl perform clipping in clip coordinates?
Can a scene be efficiently pre-rendered and displayed along a fixed camera line?
How does path tracing handle specular surfaces(Dirac BSDFs) such as water?
Do stencil tests use any acceleration techniques?
fix over exposure in importance sampling in screen space reflections
Algorithms to "anti-alias" (or somehow improve) binary 1-bit drawings and fonts
How to properly release directx com objects
Ray tracing - partial derivatives for texture lookup
Is it possible to directly generate mipmap levels of perlin noise?
How to do error handling with OpenGL?
RGB nonlinear, what does it mean?
Simple Intersection Algorithm for Ray and 3D Bézier Curves of Varying Thickness
Where does the cosine factor comes from in the GGX PDF?
Sinc interpolation and Ideal reconstruction example
Finding vertices of the outer contour of intersecting polygons
Composition of an .obj file
Blending for Floating Point Texture
Primary ray directions (MC Path tracer)
Probability density function while using spherical coordinates
Accurately printed CIE diagram
What is the definition of a Half Edge?
Why isn't the clear color visible on the screen between frames?
I need to build my own map renderer
Midpoint Algorithm Fast Direction
What's the difference between two code in shader?
How to make Convolved Diffuse and Specular image in C#
What program can bake transparent light maps?
Directional Light ViewSpace Calculation
Video-games; Rendering textures on scope zoom-in. Texture compression problem?
Clipping circle and polygon and generate a CAD drawing
Fast clipping without clearing stencil buffer
Expected visibility
Same specular lighting on both tris in a quad (for "low-poly" "flat shading" look)?
Fonts rendered through textures look thinned
YUV (NV12) Chroma subsampling while converting from RGB image
I'm trying to get a 2D screen position so I unproject a point from 3D into 2D screen coordinates by that following function:
Questions about Blur effect
Avoiding Mach band effect when using multiple lights
3D model outline using stencil buffer
Changing the projection reference point in Open GL
Process of compute shader in OpenGL
Rounding a corner formed by Arc and Line
Getting rid of branching to check if a variable is within a range in GLSL
How do I replace a mesh's texture with vertex colours?
Clipping for perspective projection
how to build the feature curves of this algorithm?
Creating 3d model building notation using ASCII
How does anti-aliasing work, in general, for raytracing?
How to use the data manipulated in OpenGL Compute Shader
Depth aware blur - Kawase
How to format a vertex layout descriptor (MTLVertexBufferLayoutDescriptor) for this scenario
How to correctly horizontally flip one layer in SVG?
Technology for specific project 3d in c#?
How do you deal with clipping when rendering to a limited colorspace?
AABB bounding boxes
How do you design the code of a graphics engine to target multiple frameworks
Does a gaussian blur based bloom/glow shader require gamma correction? Any other tips?
How to generate chaotic halftone pattern?
Why inverse of an allignment matrix is the same as its transpose?
Unable to render a Waveront model in WebGL2
How does ID3D12Resource::Map work?
Light coordinate in Phong shading and Normal interpolation
Screen space coordinates to Eye space conversion
Structural artifacts in ray jitter
If the OS uses a frame-buffer with potentially different textures being displayed each frame why dont we?
unwanted patterns in simplex noise
Paper for the approximation formula provided by Brian Karis
Ringlike artifacts produced by rays bouncing off a light source
How to smooth out a voxel grid?
Any way to fake textureLod on GLES2?
OpenGL: Why glTextureSubImage2D crashes?
Ray tracing and mesh extraction
Is "Bézier spline" just another name for "composite Bézier curve"?
Is this the correct application of model transformation?
The most performant way to organize vertex data on modern GPUs
Mipmap sampler in Metal compute kernel (not vertex or fragment shader)
glCompressedTextureSubImage3D Usage
How to obtain a parametric equation out of a part designed in Autodesk Inventor?
Generating and Combining Spectral Colors
Direct illumination, specular surfaces, and MIS
How to get the nearest polygon face and height of intersection point
Loading compressed image to GPU and reading back decompressed on CPU
How can I implement this BSDF?
Hashing a point on cubic sphere
Spring damping in Energy Function
What mechanisms are being used by Directx12 and Vulkan APIs in order to communicate with graphic card drivers internally?
How does MSAA performance scale?
Replacing Vertex Attributes (glBufferData vs glBufferSubData)
How should I understand path-space measurement equation?
Advantages of spherical harmonics over baked vertex lighting?
Triple buffering without buffers?
Unexpected results from Mitchell-Netravali
Why sending data from gpu to cpu is slower than cpu to gpu?
How to obtain generalized barycentric coordinates for n-sided polygon?
Sub-pixel image registration using phase
why is translating in 3D space the same as shearing in 4D space?
How does opengl fixed function pipeline determine specular lighting with an orthographic projection
Is Nvidia's delta color compression supported in CUDA, or with DirectX UAVs?
Intuitively understanding conservation of energy for the Lambertian BRDF
Directly use Transform Feedback primitive count as instance count for drawing
Projective texturing from many images
Phong Modified BRDF Implementation
Intensity of pixel area light in reflective shadow map?
Gamma correction and halftone
is a scene graph actually a tree?
Histogram of image intensities
Microfacet shading for diffuse materials
Combine material coefficients and textures in Phong Shading
Triangle-based and vertex-based skinning models?
Classify acceleration structure using surface area heuristic
Octahedral mapping for Spherical functions
Can I get numeric data from a color map?
Inconsistent shading in pathtraced image
Image warping using pixel normals
How does notch's new graphics engine work?
When does it make sense to use drawRangeElements
Vulkan: Swapchain image count with VK_PRESENT_MODE_FIFO_KHR
Reduce kd-tree's nodes' bounding box sizes to their shapes' extents?
Topology: Polygonal Meshes, Euler's Formula
How to modify a part of VBO data without Compute Shader or OpenCL?
Do we really need a fence event?
Documentation of old versions of gl Matrix library
"How does the Shadow of The Colossus's™ proprietary (Sony's) engine perform its seamless long distance rendering?"
Heirarchy in Euler rotations
How does cell phone display image or video even before you start to capture?
Which vertices to use to create side of model
Why is the approximation valid, in the formula provided by Brian Karis?
Determining slopes of lines in perspective projection
Experimental real-time shadowing techniques?
Why are BRDF and the lighting uncorrelated?
using default depth buffer in off-screen framebuffer
Euler Angles - Gimbal lock, why non-orthogonal axes
What technique would I use to create fake 3d walls as seen in Realm of the Mad God
How does image resolution change(process involved in calculation), when a screen on phone is rotated?
How to automatically project texture from high poly mesh to low poly mesh?
Baked anisotropic filtering using spherical harmonics
Modulo vs Scaling vs Capping when performing filters
Passing parameters in Metal Compute Kernel using Swift 4
How to derive a perspective projection matrix from its components?
Double precision in shader
Why would I specify image format in a shader layout qualifier?
Relationship between roughness and BRDF
why not use hash function image instead of jpeg?
What is the use of homogenous divide?
How can you efficiently get the last element occluding light when rendering shadows?
Best way to remesh a quad 3D mesh?
Changing sin frequency smoothly in shader
CUDA/OpenCL vs OpenGL compute shader for Path tracer
How to scale and offset a cubemap using sphere mapping
Is there something wrong with a column camera matrix?
Is it possible to override or disable blending per pixel
OpenGL:Cutout effect with hardware blending modes and alpha
calculating size of rectangle which fully obscures a sphere
How many GPUs can you simultaneously output from using a single PC?
What's wrong with my computation of the intersection of a ray with a sphere
What is a good way to do reflection and refraction in small environment for bumpy planar surface?
How to do clipping in camera space?
Tone mapping bright images
Why does this gl_FragDepth calculation work?
Why do vulkan extensions need to be enabled?
How did the hard, accurate shadows, work in early 3d (2000 - 2004) games?
Ray Tracer Shadowing
Why is this not a proper solution to handling transparency in deferred rendering?
What is a Gaussian Lobe concerning BRDF and NDF?
Do normals in obj files have to be changed into eye coordinate before being used?
How to use shadow mapping and deferred rendering to create a large amount of lights?
Is there an education tool that teachs computer graphics ?
How to calculate the view vector in Phong Lighting Model?
How to interpolate vertex normals for Phong lighting when barycentric coordinates are negative?
Image Processing: Photogrammetry
Omnidirectional Faded Soft Shadows
Triplanar UV unwrapping - overlapping triangles
Inverse matrix order of operation
How to pass *struct*ured data from libGDX to openGL shader?
How to make a translation relative to the line ax + by + c = 0, affine transformations
Efficient operations on polyhedra
Anisotropic filtering and multisample anti-aliasing
Light Falloff through a grid
Rays (~1k) intersecting triangle meshes (~100k) with ca. 100 vertices each
What is voxel based global illumination in a nutshell?
Back and forth rotation on Y-axis
Creating depth map from a 2-D image?
How to voxelize geometry using textures and shaders?
Does glTextureStorageSubImage2D exist?
File missing in Corel draw
Fast phong shading
Inverse value in a Perspective Matrix
OpenGL ES 3.0 - Uniform Buffer Object non-static indexing
Camera rotation effect on pitch, yaw, roll
How to generate the stereographic projection of a 3D model
How to work with half and snorm
Adding Ozone to my sky simulation
What is wrong with my glDrawElement code
How can I draw regular polygons along the horizontal axis?
Tanget plane of an image
Why are functions and structs in the Mantle API prefixed with "gr"?
Adding GLUI Listbox item and selecting option
Kaiser windowed sinc filter for mip mapping
How can I use instancing to generate 2 single different texture?
What is the algorithm used in pbrt-v3 for triangle intersection?
Is it worth caching uniform values?
kinematics and dynamics of a sphere in a spring mass system?
Texture2DMS slice access and bandwidth saving
Vulkan's vkEnumeratePhysicalDevices does not detect Radeon GPU
Topological Sweep
What blend mode is this?
What might be causing these artifacts in 5D & 6D simplex noise?
Writing OpenCL Shaders
How to guarantee rasterization of triangles in a voxel representation
How to rotate a camera?
What is the technique to generate an oblique 3d cone?
What is the basic idea of denoising?
Ray tracing: transforming ray to object's local space for intersection test
Triangulation of vertices of an ellipsoid
MTLTexture getBytes returning blank image
Drawing "after" Present to achieve better performance
Jagged texture's edge on perfectly straight UV of sphere mesh
How does Processing language relate to the industry standard?
Is there an algorithm to bold an outline font? What is it?
Parallax/relief mapping with gl_FragDepth and conservative depth
What remedies are there for percieved color artifacts due to pixel geometry?
WebGL 2.0 Shadow Maps
Can you do GPGPU on integrated graphics like Intel HD 630 on Core i3?
What techniques are used to build ray intersection acceleration structures on the GPU?
Dealing with GL reflection
Supersampling HDR
How to take consistent screenshots across multiple machines?
Is sub-texel shading possible?
Wrong output while implementing GGX importance sampling
Radiosity normal map light baking
Delta angle of two vectors about positive x axis
`worldViewProjection` doesn't work for a single component
Can someone explain this formula for parse RGB to HSL?
What actually happens in frame buffer when an image or document is scrolled?
Predicting reflectance functions from complex surfaces
Quick 2-color quantization for small images
Subdivide a triangle along its UVs
How to merge two vec4s and display side by side?
Transform a cube in a truncated pyramid
Cloud simulation software
Issues with Multi-threaded Raytracing
What is a scaling factor of the screen?
GLSL shapes signed distance field implementation explanation?
Full screen quad texture coordinates mapping
How to remove internal geometry programmatically in all meshes in .OBJ file?
Dealing with OpenGL versions across multiple computers
Reference Book on GPU Drivers Architectures
Shader Prototyping Frameworks
How to decompose a complex mesh to simple geometry shape programmatically?
Not understanding the lighting equation for volumetric cloud rendering
Where can I find those visual effect demonstration?
What is the difference between radiance and irradiance in BRDF
Vulkan: how does host coherence work?
How can I convert signed distance field to a mesh?
contract mesh based on mean curvature?
How mesh geometry data (vertex coordinates) stored in glTF?
gaussFactorForOffset cannot call a non-function how to fixed this code?
How is a projector handled in a Ray Tracing environment?
Precision problem on AMD
compression of gif animation
Do we ever consider the size of the pixel to calculate the color in Ray Tracing?
Texture prefiltering for Linearly Transformed Cosines
Geometric interpretation of this bilinear interpolation equation?
How to test my triangle intersection implementation?
How to convert a 3D model into an OpenGL fixed pipeline representation
What is the history of the bounding box concept?
At which stage of the pipeline is the projection transform applied?
What is the physical interpretation of Normal, Roughness, Albedo and Metalness map?
Shader cannot move texture x, y location
Gravitational calculation of a particle via GLSL / WebGL
Can a glass plate act like a lens?
Path Tracer - Model loading Libraries?
How do I build my tangent space matrix?
If I have more than enough memory, can it still be beneficial to use compressed textures?
Non-point lights
how to draw mesh equal distance from irregular shape geometry bounding box
BRDF normalization
GLSL can't calculate texture and reflection
What are the performance implications of the optional flags used when mapping a buffer?
How to do clipping in 3D?
Phong and the Rendering Equation: What's with the cosine?
Can order-independent transparency sort fragments for a subset of all transparent objects?
How can DSA functions be used without extension names on lower versions of OpenGL?
How to get assembly code from GLSL Shader
What is the typical use case for rendering to an image through imageStore?
How to implement Z-buffering?
How to access several textures from huge amount of textures in a shader?
Confusion about how inverse bind pose is actually calculated and used?
Dynamically allocating morph targets in shaders
glTF animation keyframe question
What is the use of epsilon in the Möller–Trumbore intersection algorithm?
Skeletal animation: What is the purpose of multiplying interpolated bone matrix with parent's matrix?
How to rendered arbitrary rotated text with decent hinting in real time?
DirectX 12: Uploading multiple buffers to 1 default heap using the UpdateSubresources API without explicit copies
How to compute volume of intersection of non-axis-aligned cuboids in 3D?
B spline curve generation in Python
Manually fetching 8 neighboring texels from 3D texture greatly decreases performance
How does the Painter's Algorithm handle transparency?
How to validate whether a reflection model is implemented correctly?
Morph Targets Normal adding math
Curve rotation in GLSL fragment shader
Convert a .X mesh to a modern format
Canonical Space to Screen Space: Why do we have the strange -0.5?
Projection of a Polyhedron on xy Plane with CGAL
Linear bending of a mesh
Is the microfacet GGX BSDF normally implemented as separate BRDF and BTDFs?
How different is the SPIR-V accepted by OpenGL (ARB_gl_spirv) from SPIR-V accepted by Vulkan?
Importance sampling microfacet GGX
How to deal with light leaks?
What part of the graphics chain rotates computer displays when in portrait mode?
Rotating scene or complex object using center of AABB
Which techniques do I need to animate a 3D model in my homemade engine
YUV to HSV to RGB issues
How to align Ray Marching on top of traditional 3D rasterization?
Grainy image in my simple ray tracer
General fixed-point scaling
Using GPU instead of CPU in Scala
Determine paint color from a photo
How to use GLSL texelFetch?
How to display edges in a 3D file on Facebook
Reverse PDF updates for s-2 or t-2 vertices in MIS for BDPT
How do graphic engine developers debug their 3D graphics code?
How to calculate solid angle subtended by a pixel?
Is there a way to resize an image without creating new colors in the output image?
Why my cosine interpolation of a cube's face doesn't work?
Illumination model used in the "Raytracer in a weekend" series
Variance of estimator (Monte Carlo Integration)
ScratchAPixel : Understanding how to use Perlin's permutations hash table
Is a branched discard to be avoided
Degenerate case of normal computation in marching cubes
Correctness or otherwise of the procedure for generating an orbiting camera in WebGl
Distorted OpenGL graphics in certain models of Intel GPUs under Windows; possible causes?
Radiative Transfer Equation for Photorealistic Rendering
Computing a lookAt matrix by passing a vec3 to a camera object
Where do computer graphic engineers look for job ads?
Direct3D Global Atomic Issue
How to properly modify a ray in a raytracer to achieve camera rotation
Bokeh from depth map
How to assign/calculate triangle texture coordinates
How are non-triangular wavefront meshes handled?
Tail Recursive Monte Carlo Raytracing
Path Tracer - implementation questions
Difference between Cropping, Scaling, Resizing & Changing Aspect Ration of an Image?
Opengl black screen for a simple translation
Veldrid: Only execute fragment shader
Refraction: given an incoming and transmitted direction, can I deduce the normal?
How to estimate what GPU (2D/3D/none at all?) is necessary?
Cant seem to get pyopengl tutorial 4 to work
Linear independence of three points
MipMaps for Signed Distance Field
Proper design of data structure to store wavefront file information?
How can I draw a filled circle on a grid with the less rectangle as possible?
How do you load multiple textures into an array texture with OpenGL?
How to assign a texture to a single entry of a texture array?
Alpha blending in linear colour space
BRDF ray directions
How do modern GPUs handle branching instructions in shader code?
Is a smaller local-size/threadgroup-size better for compute shader performance?
Why does _ray_ tracing work?
Handling varying texture sizes in an array texture
Weird artifacts in my ray tracer
Does this blur background effect have a specific name
Which 3D applications currently uses Vulkan API?
Understanding material .mtl files
Feeding vertex data to a compute shader
How does GPU assembly looks like?
How to solve Z buffer artifacts
Pathtracing line and point primitives?
Can you avoid querying for a texture location in OpenGL?
How should I generate Kochanek-Bartels spline endpoints?
Is there a general way how to specify the "image compression loss"?
Cem Yuksel's "Mesh colors" implementation/demo?
Circular pattern aliasing in voxel ray tracer
How can I convert a shape made out of pixels to vertices
Difference between BVH and Octree/K-d trees
How to ensure that the raytrcing coordinate system is teh same as the projection one?
How to avoid slowdown with 25-30 students running simple GPU kernels on 4 GeForce GTX 650 Ti s?
If a 3D scene is rendered onto a hemispherical display, will there still be warping near the edges?
Controling order of execution of a (compute) shader on an array of vertices (data) in Vulkan
Why does DirectX use COM pointers and interfaces?
Texture units parameters in OpenGL
Self intersection artifacts in 3D image raytracing
Importance Sampling in Unreal Engine Formula Derivation (Irradiance term)
Handling shadow acne for dynamic surfaces
Merge multiple Point Clouds into a single 3D object
What is OpenGL's paradigm?
How to convert from glBegin() and glEnd() to VBOs?
How exactly do soft shadows get generated using a voxel cone tracing rendering technique?
Voxel cone tracing artifacts (what causes them and how to solve them)?
OpenGL - Fit High/Low Resolution Image/Texture to a particular size Window
Changing coordinate system from texelFetch to textureLod is breaking the algebra
Deriving blur from real optical formulae
Image saved as DDS with 16f format in photoshop has strange FOURCC text
Hard edges appearing in voxel cone tracing (how to remove them?)
How do I interpret the format of the .flame files used by apophysis?
how to render colored glass object?
Drawing a plane super-imposing over another plane
How Skia uses OpenGL backend?
How to compute size of OpenGL's image buffer?
Are w3.org docs correct?
Where should the ray origin be put in perspective camera ray tracing?
Why does skinny triangle is avoided in triangulation algorithm?
How to apply scale, translate, rotate with different origin and get new rectangle coordinates
Bresenham's Algorithm not drawing horizontal lines
drawing NURBS: knots, multiplicity, divide by zero?
Should direct illumination and path tracers render the same scene equally bright?
Can I use my phone's gpu as an external gpu for my laptop?
glTexSubImage3D throws GL_INVALID_ENUMERATION on NVIDIA
Interpreting Cornell Box data for path tracer
How different can the number of pixels in a straight line be to its real length?
How does a path tracer with next-event estimation work?
Rotation of a random unit vector at a point in 3D space by an angle
Path Tracer - sampling dimensions confusion
smallpt's early clamping
Remove orphaned geometry after Constructive Solid Geometry operation
PDF when sampling from Rectangular Area Lights
Calculate the average color of an image
Issue with loading a texture on the GPU with OpenGL 4.1 Core profile
Difference between relativeOffset and offset in VAO with Direct Access Ext
Why isn't multi-gpu handled by the driver?
Bright artifacts in ray tracer rendering seemingly caused by reflections
Why are tessellation shaders disliked?
Proper way to reduce tessellation on front faces?
Gamma correction is done in an image or a monitor?
Is there ongoing research on Markov Chain Monte Carlo algorithms (other than Metropolis-Hastings) for use in ray tracing?
Path tracer isn't converging
Possible approach for product mockup creation including distortion created through perspective
Using multiply and accumulate of 4x4 matrices for ray-triangle intersection tests on GPU
Equation for camera projection
How to perform additive blending in Metal. What do these terms mean?
SSAO random noise vector generation
Sorting my geometry for alpha testing
Problem of understanding the coordinate systems involved in ray tracing
Multiple VAO share a EBO (OpenGL 3.3)
Problems rendering a plane via `drawElements`
Ambient occlusion of a sole object in a scene
How to blend a segment of an image with another image
How do I calculate average hue, since the numbers loop around?
Same draw call causing extremely different GPU usage under different triangle orders
What is wrong with my deformation gradient calculation?
OpenCL ray tracer: which is better, geometry code on device side or on host side?
Simulating vanishing points shader
Light field rendering for 3d software?
Will sRGB color space get replaced by wider gamut
Are the benefits of a Metal early depth test limited to one draw call
Can gl_WorkGroupSize be set outside the compute shader?
Infinitely long 3D model
PBR - How to handle multiple BSDFs and material type
How does Primary Sample Space Metropolis Light Transport work?
Why do GPUs divide clip space Z by W, for position?
Difference between using + and * operator after tex2D to add albedo color?
Generating Mip Maps For A Cube Map
Best way to clear a framebuffer image without drawing?
How can we convert a probability density according to solid angle to a density according to area?
Non real-time rendering on Unity3D
How to visualize and programmatically work with huge point cloud
Repeating alpha over/under operation multiple times
Deciphering Affine/Projective Transformation Code
How do we approximate the integral of the measurement contribution function in Metropolis Light Transport?
CPU load in games - what is the GPU/DirectX doing to make CPU load higher?
What does "region to be shaded" mean in the PCF paper?
Why does graphics speak of "dielectrics" rather than insulators?
Why the interval for which there are more number of steps is chosen while implementing DDA Algorithm?
PBR missing rim darkening on non metallic rough surfaces
Which of these 2 general designs for a game engine is better?
Why are normal maps blue and purple in color?
Generate mesh from pointcloud data
How to handle GUI in a path traced renderer?
How can I register an articulated model to noisy predictions?
Why are depth buffer values clamped to (0, 1)?
Procedural terrain: What's the best approach to calculate noise in the GPU?
Is "generative art" the best term for describing graphical techniques like ASCII art or photo mosaics?
Sample color calculation in rotated grid supersampling
Evenly distributed point cloud for a grass renderer on a sphere
Translate vtkCellLocator
Are MMORPGs, specifically WoW, limited by their latency in terms of FPS?
Compute emitted importance of a pinhole camera
How to compute normal of surface from implicit equation for ray-marching?
Difference in pixels between different monitors' sizes
Z-buffering implementation with small triangles
Has anybody extended parametric surfaces to volume density representations usefully?
PBR and Specular Aliasing
How to raytrace triangular faces when camera is not at origin?
Is it possible to emulate Vulkan on a non Vulkan compatible gpu?
Merging/Clipping Signed Distance Fields
Can i compile my shaders to SPIR-V without using glslangValidator?
How to apply SSRT to an existing image with associated depth map?
How to simulate elastic material with restoring shape
Understanding of Camera Up Vector
fastest way to bucket triangles into a grid?
What noises can be sliced?
why doesn't a ray hitting a sphere at only 1 point count as a hit in sphere/ray intersection?
Relatively new to OpenGL, need guidance/tips on an assignment with interactive user input
OpenCL - Kernel outputs image correctly but values don't show up on Host side
Defocus blur: Computing the pixel plane distance
Normal Artifacts On Grazing Angles
How do I derive this transformation
Ray tracing implicit surfaces using Sturm's theorem
Compression of user-drawn "whiteboard" image
Choosing corner values for trilinear interpolation
BSDF sampling versus light sampling
For shader math, why should linear RGB keep the gamut of sRGB?
How to apply wire texture for realistic rendering of embroidery?
Understanding bad shadows with voxel ray tracing
Computing perspective directly
Surface fairing, implementation detail
What is shader warming, and why does Direct3D seem to avoid it?
Hodge Decomposition in fluid simulations
How does this small fractal shader work?
What's the point of "work groups" for OpenGL compute shaders?
What is a "Vulkan Extension"?
Confused about graphic art and what software is used to create the environment of it?
Why replicating the higher bits of RGB565 when converting to RGBA8888?
How are the three plane equations derived in the NVIDIA's CG Tutorial chapter 8?
Identification of visible area of a plane in OpenGL
Why is pixel 0,0 at the top left of some formats and bottom left of others?
What are Metal and Vulcan?
WebGL - issues doing a simple texture downsample
How to randomly draw Quaternions within a specific range of Euler angles for rotation?
D3D12EnableExperimentalFeatures causes D3D12CreateDevice to fail
GLSL Debugging Volumetric light
Does MRG32k3a compare well with PCG and Xorshift256*?
How to convert Euler angles to Quaternions and get the same Euler angles back from Quaternions?
What objects do get loaded into GDDR?
Resolution issue of generating a PNG icon for macOS menu bar
Plotting software used in old scientific papers
qt - view geomview (.off ) file
Raytracing: why are the spheres in the image below appear stretched?
Wrong tangential directions for cubic bezier curve
How to compute A and B in projection matrix
Which graphics APIs texture formats are HDR texture formats?
Using depth texture to mask local pixels
How to rotate a shape in another 3D software so that the rotation matches with the rotation in Blender?
How to include OpenGL extension loader in my project
What is the equivalent of rotation matrix in Euler angle space for Quaternions?
Do operating programs such as Microsoft Office or Windows Explorer use OpenGL to draw?
Converting color to equivalent with opacity
Cook-Torrance Specular BRDF Artifact
3D scene construction and change of coordinates
Can you disable strip cutting (AKA primitive restart) on Direct3D 11?
Adding vbos to a vao once it has been created
How can I draw this style of grid?
Ask for detailed derivation of a formula in "Advanced Global Illumination"
ray-triangle intersection precision - c++
perspective projection transformation matrix
finding the projection matrix for one point perspective
Binary representation of Pascal's triangle
High variance in path tracing specular objects
How to match Blenders polynomial lens distortion model with GLSL?
preserving z-values during projection?
How to rotate camera in CAD package application
Conversion from cubic catmull-rom spline to cubic b-spline
LoopBlinn Cubic Curve Rendering - Serpentine arteffect
In texture mapping, should we set texture coordinate to every vertex or can I skip vertices in between?
Is it possible to access adjacent vertex data in tessellation evaluation shader?
Drawing Directed Lines (with arrow endings)
Project vertex onto plane
Translate an arcball camera upwards or left-right
Luminance and Radiance in computer screen
total internal reflection implementation in pbrt-v3
What algorithm to reassemble a broken image?
How does Voxel Cone Tracing solve the rendering equation?
Flood-Fill and scanLine algorithms are line-based floods but I want square based floods
Given a picture of a unit square at an arbitrary angle and position, how can I reconstruct the distance and orientation?
Writing data to a shader resource at runtime in DX12
How do I create a Win32 window with a Vulkan context?
Overlaying a grid on to a height map
"Artist Friendly Metallic Fresnel" reversible?
FPS counter for a simple Vulkan app
Is a single shader and 1x1 pixel white sampler more efficient than frequent switching between shaders with and without samplers?
Ask for help on understanding a formula related to change of variable
Ask for help on understand an algorithm which combines stratified sampling and importance sampling of Monte Carlo
PostScript to PDF
How does GLSL code get “loaded” and “compiled”?
Why do polygons have to be "simple" and "convex"?
How are normals assigned to vertices in different types of shading?
Z-Buffer algorithm vs Painter's algorithm?
What is mipmapping?
What are the 3 types of light reflection from surfaces in the Phong Lighting Model?
How does the Modified Phong Lighting Model from the Phong Lighting Model?
Why is glreadpixels only working in certain cases?
Why is precalculating a distortion different from calculating it in the shader?
Ghosting in volumetric lighting
Why are oct trees so much more common than hash tables?
What are the outcodes that would be assigned to these points?
Bresenham's algorithm next pixel?
Do I need separate Graphics and Transfer commands?
Should you measure mesh complexity in triangles or vertices?
Smooth shading on sphere approximation
How do I swap the buffers when using a Win32 window with Vulkan?
How do I convert a hit on an infinite plane to UV coordinates for texturing in a Raytracer?
Alpha component in color buffer affects RGB components?
Rendering Fluid Simulations?
Bitmap-images or SVG
How can you avoid thin triangles in a parametric shape in a smart way?
How can I make a cube with faces of different colors? Webgl
3ds max: Z-fighting when working with Large Objects
Why MOCAP data don't use simple point coordinates?
How much does driver quality affect Vulkan and DX12 compared to OpenGL and DX11?
What does GPU serialized mean?
What is best way to use wavefront material file color parameter Kd to set vertex color in MetalKit submeshes?
Rotate a model or a view with mouse input to produce intuitive results
How to shift color values of a single RGB channel
R16_FLOAT, SampleCmp and CheckFormatSupport
Get intersection Ray with square
Rendering Equation for photons carrying flux
Composition of decomposed transformations
Export Model Textures Per Face
Comprehensive explanation of conservative rasterization algorithm
Why does some text on my laptop have only gray-scale pixels while other text has color pixels?
Texturing an "infinite" plane
Multiple Importance Sampling in Path tracer produces Dark Images
Why don't Direct3D/Metal support texture swizzles?
Make a texture a clickable Button
Need help with change of basis (world to camera frame)
Why Diffuse Light use max(N · H, 0) instead of just letting it be negative?
What to reproject when doing temporal filtering in stochastic screen space reflection?
Convert shader from GLsl 1.50 to 1.30
How does a GLSL Sampler2D read a Vec2 UV coordinate to determine UV range
Can't understand the Importance sampling GGX
Naive Path tracer produces much darker images than Explicit light sampling
How to get the 3D position for the point with (0,0) UV coordinates?
Convex hull around polygon for cave mapping
How to calculate ray
Why do perspective correction based texture mapping do depth division
Problems with Subdivision Surfaces
What algorithm is used in this animation from Tatami Galaxy?
If you can use subdivision surfaces for 2D curves
Efficiently drawing multiple instances of 3D objects
Bump mapping with triangles and height maps
Confused on reflection coeffcient of Fresnel equations
Modify camera matrix so that it renders a "chunk" of the frustum
Inconsistent behavior involving VkPhysicalDeviceFeatures.fillModeNonSolid
Computing sRGB color from SPDs
Transforming arcs and perspective change
Benefits of Clustered Shading vs Tiled Shading?
How is lighting done in Rasterization based pipeline?
confused on isotropic BRDF
Intersecting Frusta
debugging VGA signal timings for 640x480 @ 60hz
Physically Based Shading for Diffuse surfaces
Convert RGB image to YUV420 using a hlsl shader
Is there an analogue of OpenGL's ImageLoadStore in DirectX 12?
Finding the normals of a tileable 2D surface extracted from 4D space
Iridescence/Thin-film interference integration as a layer
GL_SAMPLE_ALPHA_TO_COVERAGE and depth testing
Specular/Diffuse light on an icosahedron opengl
Getting contrast color to a given color in RGB or ARGB or HEX
My 2D translation matrix causes the box to be off screen when it shouldnt be
How to capture frames in a MacOS MTKView for recording to a video
Adding noise to gradient
Should animations be locked to FPS or Fixed time
Anisotropic GGX BRDF implementation. How is it related to isotropic GGX BRDF?
Skybox is rendered on the model instead of surroundings
Strange stripes on the gradient
How to convert from Object space into World space (exercise from 3D Math Primer book)
Define position and orientation in a local coordinate system
Consistent animation speed across systems
What is the oldest hardware able to feasibly support Vulkan?
Can you generate your own HDRI maps without using photos?
Using transformations to get from A to B image
How to set equivalent PDFs for cosine-weighted and uniform-sampled hemispheres?
transformation from cartesian coordinates to spherical coordinates without calculations
How to use Photometric Units with Rendering Equation?
An algorithms for covering a 2d polygon with a predetermined number of rectangles?
How do I use texture coordinates of a .obj file in OpenGL?
Blur with alpha transparency
OpenGL Unable to retrieve the values of data sent to shader using textures
How to implement explicit light sampling when implementing path tracing?
GBuffer: Framebuffer with different texture format types?
Ray tracing in One weeked: issue with metal reflection
How can I control memory for command allocators and command queues in D3D12?
Why don't discretization errors occur with compute-shaded kernel filters?
Weirdly looking diffuse irradiance map
Is it possible to bind dynamic texture samplers to a shader in DX12?
How to create 2D (directional) noise?
Why do animated CG characters always feel fake?
Ray tracing the next week: understanding Instances
Path tracing - Better images without Gamma correction?
Which method for detecting edges of white object on white background?
Are texture binds expensive?
This function syntax is confusing me
Tiled Image Palettization Algorithm?
Constraining a Polyline to Look Smooth
Show the edges between the clipping plane and clipped objects
Why is Forward Rendering/Shading named this way?
Why can I see the diffuse lighting effect on a perfect mirror?
Convey screenspace bounding box of rendering result
How Image Based Lighting is applied to indoor scene?
What is a list of common, cheap, real time rendering algorithms?
GGX BRDF is greater than 1?
Mantiuk's contrast mapping seems to amount to a gamma correction
Trying to optimize texture mapping
How to model braids?
ShadowMap peter-panning and wrong direction
How to simulate a line laser diode?
Is `groupshared` memory stored in L2 cache of GPU?
Where should I learn shaders as a vulkan user?
Monte Carlo Importance Sampling
Simple Two Point Perspective of a Cube
Questions about a compute shaders from some source code using threads
Some questions about working in 0-255 integers instead of single precision floating point colors
Lanczos filter implementation issue
Anti aliasing thin features in textures
Weight space in libigl
Compute shader textures compared 2D float4 arrays
How to account for self intersection with large ray tracing scenes?
Where do "fireflies" come from?
How to hide a part of a geometry dynamically using a shader in three.js
2D Line of Sight + Visibility Calculations
Clarifying vulkan glsl std140
SSAO - artifacts appearing
Help with efficient quadtree vertices indexing to avoid redundancy
Why does opengl use 4d matrices for everything?
smallpt: when to stop diffuse ray scattering
Questions about BRDF parameterization
Should I expect differences with explicit light sampling other that the noise?
What are the parameters measure the performance of a rendering?
smallpt: ray scattering and Importance Sampling
How to translate the center of an equirectangular projection?
Organic 2d tree generation
How to draw depth-based volume in real-time
Open source tools for extracting hi-res images from video
Identify plane of symmetry in 3D mesh
Very efficient/fast marching cube implementation
Difficulty including GLM into Visual Studio with OpenGL
How to implement physically based unit in pbr renderer
Why is it easier to inverse transform every object in a scene than to transform a camera?
Sphere Texture Mapping Algorithm
Do straight lines always remain straight when projected with a perspective camera?
NURBS Weights De Boor's Algorithm
Why is cos() in the denominator in the reflectance equation and in the numerator in the shading equation?
Unsolved Problems in CQ to this day?
Floating Point Operations in Line Drawing Algorithms
Why the ray tracing result looks weird?
Rendering 3-D point clouds obtained from depth maps as a 2.5D video
Learning light transport using Q-Learning
3D coordinates of intersection point in clipping for a rasterizer
How can I transform an ellipse into a circle?
HalfEdge data structure in openmesh, create_face function explanation
GL_DEPTH_CLAMP has no effect (reverse z)
Unfold a 3D mesh to a 2D plane
Why need a $h$ parameter in the Geometry Function of a BRDF
how many watts are in the SPD of the color white?
Mimic shadertoy in WebGL
How to scale primitive shapes [in Blender] so that they are within a [unit] sphere?
Why did most or all vector graphic devices not support some type of curve input parameters?
Arrange common items to spell out words
How to do CSG on 3D triangulated objects, originally stored as a .obj file, using openGL or other libraries?
3D object to slices like in medical scan
Noise shaping for dithering with gamma?
Difference between isnan and comparison to self
Is it possible to have multiple descriptor ranges in a single descriptor table?
Should I use common resource bindings across all my shaders in HLSL/D3D12?
How does Next Event Estimation work with transformed lights?
Cover a polygon with least amount of parallelograms
Local Coordinates of Deformed Lattice
Are there some methods of preventing tools like FotoForensics from detecting manipulations?
Optimisation of Geometry Pass
Camera Model View transformation in Ray Tracing
Can microfacet BRDF (including ggx) represent perfect mirror?
How do I represent the grid patterns of the image in the included figure with a DITHER MATRIX?
Wrong color in .ppm file
Nice way to make noise seamless (without tampering with the noise generator)
Confusion about data types in Jensen's subsurface scattering paper
Calculating the gradient of a triangular mesh
Dealing with interpolated normals within a raytracer
gradual transition of light intensity formula
How is this normals map supposed to work?
Microfacet GGX not integrating as expected
Pre-filtered environment map, deriving the equation
Recreate geometry from normal map
Programmatic rendering of 3D animations
Where to store a very small set of shading constants in D3D12?
Any good sources on advaced/special rasterization algorithms and techniques and theory behind them?
Factor of 2 converting radiance to irradiance
Why the Bresenham's algorithm does not work for those two points?
How to calculate interpolation between multiple skeleton poses?
Why BMP file format last line of image is first line on file?
How to project an image on spherical surface with least possible distortion
Export images in sketchup models
How to make the lines of a (binary) image dotted or dashed?
Vulkan: efficient way to update VBO mesh vertices?
gl_FragCoord and glViewport
Using octree for cheking intersection of ray and meshes
Programmatically generating bin files for GLTF models
How are colors really mixed?
Are non manifold meshes problematic for Virtual Reality?
WebGL Can't render anything, wrong projection?
Unity: Pass texture pointer from OpenGL to Unity
Algorithm for randomly generating polyhedrons?
Confused on GPU Voxelization
How to pass an SAH based BVH to the GPU using OpenCL
how to update my scene graph?
Tone Mapping in a physically based rendering ray tracer
Clarification about Phong lighting model
Is vkCmdPushDescriptorSetKHR efficient?
Mesh Simplification Algorithms
RGB map into numerical data
shaderc compile through api with #include
Multiple swapchains in Vulkan app with ImGui
How to rotate an object in OpenGL on the X, Y and Z axis on its local coordinates?
What is the difference between world coordinate, viewing coordinate and device coordinate in computer graphics?
Why don't I see tile-based 3D graphics?
Why cache working set per multiprocessor for texture memory in Nvidia has a variable size?
Sub pixel rendered white text on black background changes color when resized to a very small size
sdl2: Compiler throws "Undefined Reference"
Non jagged line algorithm for javascript canvas
Specular error - wrong TBN transformations
Inflate 3D mesh into sphere
How can you use a rectangular object in an image and use its edges as a new coordinate system?
What are affine covariant regions
How to open and render in a second window with OpenGL / JOGL with NEWT
How to find matrix that projects 3d points into 2d plane centered in the origin?
What is the mathematics behind inkscape's power stroke path effect interpolator_type and interpolator_beta attributes?
Description of the process involved in displaying digital images
Why do identical polygons not z-fight in OpenGL?
Custom background color
What do the OpenGL version strings from glxinfo actually mean?
Newby - which computer language for video to video &/or 4-D to video
Why does Cubemap have 6 individual textures?
Techniques for rendering high polycount models
Origin of blurring and colour distortion in monochrome diagrams
How to triangulate a simple 2d surface to generate a constrained surface trimesh
What are the i,j,k components of a 3d mesh on plot.ly (online)?
How do I set proper local rotation axis for A-posed arm joints?
Can I use Path tracing together with Ray Marching?
How was computer graphics libraries or gtk,qt programmed?
How to separate, modulate, and reassemble spatial frequencies?
Triangle - Why is it the basic building block for complex shapes
Software Rendering Display Latency
Adding two fogs
Which method does the painting software use to deform the image so fast?
Downscaling texture via mipmap [DirectX 11]
How to calculate rotational irradiance gradient vector?
Strange dark spot when lighting in deferred rendering PBR shaders
how apply edge collapsing within selected surface
Path tracing best materials to learn
What is the purpose of the projected solid angle $dA^\perp$ term in the definition of Radiance?
Volume Rendering - Dataset not rendered correctly
Visualize a mesh with sparse vertex counts
Reddish tint with spectral renderer
Communication between vertex shader executions
light probe (for global illumination) placement techniques?
What expectations should I have of large (> 2 GB) file support in common mesh workflow tools?
Mitsuba builds targets with scons but throws "undefined symbol" error when trying to render scene
Moving a sphere in a basic ray tracer
Offline path tracer produces a darker image than expected
Where to find BRDF textures
Application of parallel transport in computer graphics and mesh processing
Vertex positions from particle position
Physically realistic received irradiance values given some BRDF?
Rendering equation in terms of paths rather than directions
Microfacet BRDF artifacts
How can I create multivariable function plotting software
Async readback storage buffer
Wrapping normals around a sphere
Regular voxel grids and RTX accelerated ray tracing
Customized editing of a 2D bitmap
GLSL Compute Shader doesn't run for large inputs
Mathing gl_PerVertex declarations
Pixelated /aliased /blurry edges in volumetric rendering
Is it possible to do color conversion on decoded video without getting it from GPUmemory to CPU memory?
Cannot use variable as texture sample value - HLSL DirectX11
Which is more important : Texel or Pixel rate?
The termination probability of Russian roulette in PBRT
Nomenclature problem: what to call a graph format
Is there a list of OpenGL extension support?
Proper way of consuming stratified samples in path/ray tracing
Pseudo rounded cube in OpenGL
How can i create a 3D Sphere(earth) using OpenGL, GLFW, GLAD, GLM?
Camera position in vertex shader
Access frames of livestream
Volume of Intersection of Cube and Sphere
Out of core rendering
Represent shape as particles
Boundary Smoothing Algorithms
Screen space reflections become warped when looking up or down
Strange sphere reflection effects in ray tracing project. I cannot figure out what causes them
Diffuse lighting calculations in ray-tracer
Area of a mesh patch given the corners
Use glTranslatef and shaders?
Weird glColor3f results in framebuffer objects
Only each third image in swapchain is being used, causing flickering
Help with understanding the look-at function (the view matrix)
Image contribution function and reconstruction using filters
Convert triangulated object to a polygonized object
Pitfalls of animating with quaternions
Compute shader only 5 times faster on the GPU than on the CPU
How to display image from CUDA / What API to port my project to for real-time raytracing?
Understanding the irradiance map generation
How to approximate the heightmap of processed wood?
Are there any reasons to use power of two textures with modern mobile platforms?
Inverse texture mapping
How can I detect if an edge has flipped during the UV unfold process?
Difference between Passing Instance Data to Vertex Shader methods
Do I need a normal matrix if I calculate lighting in an objects space?
Why is OpenGL recompiling my depth map vertex shader based on the GL state?
Deskewing and Cropping Scans using ImageMagick
Want to study computer graphics
Tessellation Speed in terms of interpolated points per second
How RGB images are formed
Trading off instancing for render order
Gaussian Weight
