How do you pronounce the ":" in Wede:i?
Do any conlangs have verbs that change form depending on the object?
In what ways are well-known a priori conlangs inadvertently eurocentric?
Is there any research on the efficacy of intentionally designed linguistic relativity in conlangs?
Are there any resources to learn Solresol available in English?
List of conlangs whose goal is to minimize ambiguity
Do the ADVENT in XCOM 2 speak a real language?
How do Belters code-switch English and Belter Creole?
Does Esperanto have any words that mean more than one thing?
How do languages manage to make sense with a free word order?
Self-reflexive verbs and pronouns in Vulcan language
How similar are Loglan and Lojban?
Are there any small scale auxlangs that are actually used by a substantial amount of people?
What are the benefits of inventing irregular verbs in one’s conlang?
How do Romance-based naturalistic conlangs deal with the different principal parts of a verb?
Methods to avoid similarity in lexicons
How to classify the language of "Uncleftish Beholding"?
What is the difference between tense and aspect?
What are language concepts that could be considered to be based on human anatomy?
How did Tolkien model diachronic changes in his Elvish languages?
How does mood relate to tense and aspect?
Can features in the physical environment meaningfully affect the development of a local language's phonology?
How could my to be constructed language reflect a culture of carefulness?
Was Tolkien aware of the Voynich manuscript?
What are the defining traits of a Euro-centric conlang?
What is the word “li” in Toki pona, grammatically?
What is R'lyehian based on?
Greek-based altlangs
Are there any rules of thumb for number of "steps" between two points in a language's natural development?
Conlangs based on lesser known antique languages
From known languages, what are the expected features of a Generation Ship Language?
How does one express "want to want" in toki pona?
Consider an isolated, close-knit community; which characteristics is their language likely to have?
Are there any examples of artificial creoles of natural languages?
Has any nation ever employed a constructed language in the military as code talkers?
Soudwegian: A Swedish-German process similar to what happened to English and French?
What notation do constructed sign languages use?
Is the concept of “spatial aspect” attested in any natural language?
How to keep track of a language?
What tools exist for creating syntactically correct generated text in new languages?
What similarities does The Black Speech in Tolkien have to Hurrian?
Borrowing from conlangs into natural languages
Are Esperanto's part of speech endings actually beneficial?
How do I do interlinear glosses for a conlang?
What's a good starting place to work on vocab?
Use of string reversion in conlangs
How to "Naturalize" a Conlang?
Are there any constructed languages designed for legal agreements / country constitutions?
Features of unlearnable languages
Klingon: does anyone actually use pIqaD, or is the Latin transliteration sufficient?
How to make good analogy in one's constructed language?
Why do I have such a problem with my conlangs being ugly?
Can Pokemon language encode enough information to be a language?
Is it possible to make a declension system that DOESN'T limit what nouns can end in?
How can I become a professional conlang designer?
What has the impact of Star Trek: Discovery been on the development of Klingon?
Brahmic conscript with European style
International Auxiliary Language created by a Japanese person
How would the grammar of a conlang develop as a creole from other languages?
Mixed writing systems - which words should have their own symbols?
How does one determine the date a constructed language was invented?
Is there a specific term for a constructed writing system purportedly used for a conlang but actually for a natlang?
Are there speech communities for Tolkien's Elvish languages?
Could a language with no voiced fricatives exist?
Should I use “double o” in Toki Pona?
Are there works composed in Quenya or Sindarin by people other than Tolkien himself?
Are there nasalized nasal consonants?
An Elvish word for squirrel
How to model the change of script over time
Is a naturalistic language without countable nouns possible?
Which features make a language easier to learn?
What are reasons to construct an auxlang, artlang, altlang, etc?
What is the influence of Russian on Tolkien's languages?
How Standard Average European is Esperanto?
What do double consonants specify in Esperanto?
What are the common features of "Elvish" conlangs?
Is there evidence that any natural languages were actually constructed?
Is any of the Wakandan writing in Black Panther used for something other than English?
ConLanging w/ Raspberry Pi?
Language evolution in Ido
Does Volapük contain any elements (order, participle, etc) not present in its European source languages?
Teaching children constructed languages
Free word building in Interlingua
Is there a middle-written language?
Syntactic word that carries no meaning - is there a name for that?
How can I make my conlang's borrowings naturalistic?
Why is Romanian not a control language for Interlingua?
Dialects of Klingon
Is there a stroke order for any of the Klingon alphabets?
Is there anyone that has a conlang as their first/only language?
Are there convincing examples that auxiliary constructed languages are in fact easier to learn?
Language with contextual-free vocabulary
Are there differences between the Belter Creole of the books and the show?
Which categories of inalienable possession have conlangs expressed?
Finding inspiration for letter forms?
Designing a vocabulary for geographical features
Swadesh List for Verb Infinitives?
Is there existing terminology for distinguishing multiple imperative moods?
What are the aspects of Esperanto?
Is there any importance of "dots" while constructing alphabets for a language?
How to link extraterrestrial animal names from other language with terrestrial languages?
I'm constructing a language with some rather hard-to-produce symbols. Computer or paper?
Which IPA phones can be made and understood underwater?
What are sounds that I have to include in my phonology for it to be naturalistic?
Conlang where the initial consonants of words have meaning?
Examples of the combination of 2 independent symbolic scripts
Designing a mildly weird phonology
21st century International Auxiliary Languages
What reasons would there be for not having a human conlang with only vowels?
What are the places where I can attach an indication of tense in relation to a conjugated verb action?
Slang in Esperanto
What features make a language easier to learn for people learning it as a second language?
Is Glosa more than just a relex of English?
What language uses the most amount of phonemes?
What are the reasons behind ROILA's phonology?
Adding entire musical concepts to expand vocabulary
What are some real world data on the numbers of speakers of constructed languages?
How to conjugate "fhtagn" in R'lyehian?
In what ways are grammatical genders useful?
Is there any easy way to find out how multiple unrelated languages express the same concept?
Is Toki Pona a fast language?
Why are compound words in Volapuk hard to parse while compound words in Esperanto are not?
Grammatical cases occurring only in conlangs
How many active Klingon speakers are there?
Should Auxlangs have metaphors?
Are there human beatbox inspired conlangs?
Is there a specific term for a substitution cipher language?
Organizing a lexicon in a logographic writing system
What's the purpose of vowels and consonants?
Are there any "unspeakable" languages?
Is there any evidence that learning a zonal Slavic conlang can help conversing with native speakers of Slavic languages
What is the meaning of ANADEW?
How can I explain the origin of the dual number in my Slavic-influenced East Nordic conlang?
How is ANADEW pronounced?
How would one describe different tones on paper?
How do you model language changes with wave theory (areal developments)?
A Hypothetical Mediterranean Language Inspired by Both Greek and Latin
Is there some more detailed information about Dritok available?
Are there constructed languages with a tense system inspired by Theory of Relativity?
Constructed languages or dialects for Time travellers
How do you call a "stillborn language"?
Do constructed languages need to have their own letters, words, & sounds?
Did a majority of followers of Ido indeed switch over to Occidental?
What is the meaning of this Toki Pona sentence?
How could a conlang enforce subjective idealism in a constructed world
Is Basic English a well-defined constructed language?
Famous a priori auxilary languages?
What verbs should be irregular in a naturalistic conlang?
What symbols should I use for phonemes when I have many vowels?
What are some strategies for setting verbs apart from other words without knowing it's a verb
Is Slovio effective as an international language?
How to develop a detailed, realistic a posteriori conlang?
Are Interslavic and Neoslavonic the same conlang?
Conlangs based on Proto-Indo-European (PIE)?
Language with nominal TAM and no verbs: Ergative or tripartite?
Would these features be naturalistic in this scenario?
Good cultures to base a robotic language off of
Sciences in toki pona
Does The Syntax Construction Kit cover any new material that isn't in the other conlanging books I've read?
How many unique sounds does the average conlang have?
Term for the converse of "instrumental"
Can Root Words Be Derived From Other Root Words
Structure only conlang? Nouns?
How to reanalyse collectives in High Valyrian?
By what means might the roots "let" and "ly" mean the same thing in a naturalistic conlang?
How to describe a purely symbolic writing system?
Is latino sine flexione dead?
Can you use possessive indicators on pronouns that already have a possessive version of itself in Dovahzul?
Creating Fictional Slavic Place Names
what kinds of vocal sounds echo less?
Has anyone analysed the invented languages in the Earthsea books?
Is there a toki pona hieroglyphics font?
IPA for Voiced Velopharyngeal Stop?
Are there any constructed languages designed with a constructed script, both aiming to be international and auxiliary?
Constructing a language based on existing languages from different families
Is this sonority hierarchy correct?
What decides where is the break between syllables?
Valyrian - what living languages does it resemble the most?
How to naturally evolve verbs into adverbs or dependent clauses?
How do lists of three or more items work in Klingon?
How to translate the word "lost"/"loss" into Klingon?
Which sounds could a lipless humanoid produce?
How does one write an easily decipherable language?
Are there any Conlangs using Chinese characters?
Is there a Semitic zonal language?
How common are reflexive pronouns in natlangs?
Are suffixes in Ido agglutinative?
