What kind of rice should I use for frying?
What are the major menu differences between Canadian and American Thanksgiving?
Substitutions for greek yogurt?
How long does grease take to go bad/rancid when sitting out?
Flourless Chocolate Torte
How to do creme brulee 'to go'?
Is it possible to get vegetarian grana padano cheese?
Freezing Mashed Potatoes - any way to prevent drying out?
Will my pasta taste fine 5 days later?
How can I keep ingredients cold while camping?
How can i preserve squid ink
Making a goats cheese tart more substantial
Greasing a pan with butter vs. with shortening
Udon soup seasoning
How do I make coconut milk at home?
Why are my sauces splitting?
How to prevent separation/layers in panna cotta?
Buying my first set of pots and pans
Whole wheat bread recipe not turning out
How long will Sous Vide food keep?
How to keep sauce spices in suspension
Funky taste - Oil or Fat?
How can I make posole "pop" faster?
Why can food be left out to cool (140F to 40F in < 6h) but not to defrost?
Proper preparation of veggies for an egg scramble
How can I correct this Brandy Snaps disaster?
Why did my hot pepper oil get moldy?
marinated vegetables on food dehydrators?
What difference does oxygen content of tea water make?
Pink salt vs regular salt
Using a large pot/pan on a smaller burner
Buttermilk + Butter =?
Is baking by weight really more accurate?
Discolouration when boiling green vegetables with lid on
What is the correct onion to tomato ratio for North Indian masala sauce?
How to barbecue marinated chicken drumsticks
Cooking stove vs cooking on open camp fire
Would honey and molasses be liquids or sugars in a bread formula?
Is it necessary to skim the scum off of fermenting pickles?
What does the term mirepoix mean?
Is there a substitute for aluminum foil?
Is this fish dish actually Greek in origin?
Is it safe to reuse loose tea leaves the next day? What precautions need to be taken for storing tea for reuse?
How to make cookies less crumbly?
Substitute for egg yolk in ice-cream (Egg Allergy)
Dry Brining Turkey
Ratio of marrow bones to regular bones to marbled meat?
Dark stock proportions
What temperature is the "warm" setting on a conventional oven?
How can I make my banana bread more moist?
What is the difference between these tableware flatware and cutlery?
Cooking with barleywine
Washing Vegetables With And Storing Lemon Essential Oil?
Best substitute wine glass
Microwaving frozen tofu before marinating
How to cut an egg without the yolk sticking to the knife?
Substitute sugar free maple syrup in baking?
How do I stop my brownies from rising?
Can I re-freeze fruit?
Can anyone identify this Chinese candy?
How can I stop fish from sticking to a stainless steel pan?
Counteracting a metallic taste in canned tomatoes?
Oil/Fat substitutes in bread
How to slice smoked salmon really thinly?
How to Replace Icing Sugar in a No-Bake Cheesecake
Why do crisp bread rolls have more water than soft bread rolls?
What is the best way to store chopped vegetables?
What is more difficult to make: beer or wine?
Do you have to refrigerate leftover grilled corn-on-the-cob?
Toasting sandwich bread before packing a lunch - when is it appropriate?
Should I read  ingredient weight as prepared or unprepared weight?
Condensed milk versus regular milk in fudge recipes
How to Make Nutella Icing without Powdered Sugar
What went wrong with my brownies?
How to clean a "plastic" chopping board?
What's the best method for preparing a smoked cod roe breakfast?
What happens when I store coffee in the refrigerator?
How to reduce the heat from peppers in my tomato soup?
keeping ice cream fresh for 12 hours while transporting
How do I "evaporate" milk?
Which type of oil/fat should I use for deep frying?
What should I know about the peels of raw fruit and vegetables?
Can soured raw milk be used to make yogurt?
I have seaweed salad with sesame flavor. What are some good ways to garnish it or nice things to garnish with it?
Why does whole leaf tea leave a residue in the cup?
What is the black, slightly sweet, flavour in some Asian food?
How long can a stacked carrot cake be stored
How long can fish be left out?
What is the best way to store fresh berries?
How to store cheesecake for long-term?
Benefits of Grill Pans
How do you prevent oatmeal from overflowing?
Is it safe to reheat old water in an electric kettle?
Culinary Uses for Wheat Grass Sprouts
Are glass jars from the supermarket oven safe?
Are coffee mugs oven safe?
Botulism risk with refrigerated items
How do I prevent venison (for jerky) from spoiling?
Are there any differences between "baby" vegetables and their "regular" counterparts
How to ensure a fried egg's yolk doesn't break?
Determining a wok's material
Cooking defrosted then rechilled beef in a slow cooker
How to ADD a black patina to a bare aluminum frying cauldre
Differences between heavy and light whipping cream?
How long will Jalepenos last in the freezer?
why add a shot of vodka to a cream sauce?
What's the most appropriate way to thaw hamburger meat?
What's the best way to store (freeze) purchased ground beef?
Does dumping the water from boiling ramen noodles reduce the fat content much?
Would freezing affect the flavour of mint tea?
How should I cook a 1lb bottom round roast beef in the oven?
What can you make with Dried Lemon Grass?
Factors affecting meringue crispness
How to minimise sugar in meringue
Is a "typical" jam sweeter today than the typical jams of centuries ago?
Substitution for egg to bind hamburger mince
What do you need for Chinese style Hotpot at home?
What do you have for breakfast during camping
Are the claims legitimate linking botulism to vacuum prepared foods?
To slow down the fermentation process of a food in a can
How to keep opened coconut safely?
How to sweeten pickled ginger to be served with sushi?
How long does it take botulism spores to germinate in the fridge?
What is this type of cookware called?
Are heads of porgies poisonous?
How do I rid my new plastic appliance of its plastic smell?
How long can I keep sauteed onions in the fridge?
References on food safety?
Which part of blue fish is not edible?
How can i tell if a pineapple will be sweet?
What do I need to make pho at home?
Is it safe to use the same cooking utensils for raw and cooked meat?
Why do vegetables cooked with freshly ground spices taste better than those cooked with powdered spices available in the market?
Where did the thin, smooth plastic spatulas go?
What to look for when buying good quality loose black tea?
Hulling pumpkin seeds - Possible? Easy?
Nut brittle -what went wrong?
What are some good substitions for alcohol in cooking?
How spicy is authentic, traditional Palak paneer?
Way to fix sharp tasting sauce
how to cook orange lentils in the microwave?
How can I improve my gluten-free pizza dough?
Does beetroot and chorizo work together in a dish
Sourdough starter - will it set off my allergies?
How to get raspberry flavor into a smoothie without seeds?
What should go in an Italian Sub sandwich?
How does the number of eggs affect a cookie recipe?
What's the best option for water for tea in the office?
Fried Spaghetti
What is the purpose of nutritional yeast?
When should I add melted chocolate to reduced sugar meringue?
How Do I make My Casserole (with Noodles) Less Dry?
Does dry frying tofu really cause tofu to better soak up a marinade?
Yellowness of egg yolk
What electronic tools are recommended for a cooking journal?
Using a Dutch Oven as a Heavy Skillet replacement
How to transport several pies?
What can be done with bitter carrots?
How can I make a sugar free strawberry syrup?
Is there any advantage to adding salt to onion while frying?
Does higher quality bacon cook flatter?
Need a gas cooker but have no gas supply
When to use a roux or a beurre manié
How flavoursome is Roast Buffalo?
Using Fresh Masa with Tamales
Homogenizing whole milk, butter, and vodka
How to (cheaply) maintain a plentiful herb supply
Spooning cake mix
How does "Brownulated" light brown sugar compare with regular light brown sugar?
Cooking frozen Pizza in the microwave
How long does bicarbonate soda (baking soda) keep?
How often is it safe to eat sushi?
How to modify a quick bread recipe to add spice / tea flavors?
How to thaw soup without noodles going mushy
Should I include egg shells in my stock?
Where can I get Chocolate Bar shaped silicone molds from in the UK?
How can I make a vegan turkey-skin substitute?
What is the ideal fake turkey substitute for a vegan Thanksgiving?
Spotting frozen seafood in restaurants
What temperature should a crock pot slow cooker cook at?
Is raffinose broken down into its component sugars when cooked?
How to stew chicken properly
Storing cut button mushrooms vs whole button mushrooms
What to look for in an induction stovetop?
Preparing Salsa with a Magic Bullet
How to make chicken absorb more salt when cooking a soup?
What is the relationship between salt and iodine?
Improve flavor of Sorbet made in Magic Bullet?
What can replace vegetable butter?
What is the correct consistency of a cream soup?
What can I substitute for lager beer in a chili recipe?
Using beet stock
How to make a good mash potato
Using Frozen Fries as a Component: How to Dress Them Up?
Will avocado stay fresh longer if stored in the refrigerator?
How can you make pancakes more healthy (without making them taste bad)?
are there any appliances that can automate feeding of sourdough starter?
What does pulling on syrup (in the semi-solid state) do to the texture/taste?
How can I create a scotch egg with a runny yolk?
An efficient way to zest key limes?
Can a convection microwave be used to dry fruit
In my new mixer, my bread dough gets wrapped around the kneading hook. What should I do?
Espresso Machine coffee amount
Difference between cooking vegetable curries in a pressure cooker and a wok?
Is it possible to make onion Bhajis without a deep fryer?
How to select a drain rack for pots and pans?
Why is  Ice Cream used in Hot Buttered Rum?
How to compare the strength of commercial natural vanilla extracts?
How to keep a chocolate cream from getting hard?
Rendered pork fat vs lard vs bacon fat?
Which Type of Japanese Green Tea Has the Highest Amount of Caffeine?
Cooking turkey with high-voltage arc
Can I sprout grains/legumes/seeds I buy in bulk from whole foods?
How to know whether the teflon coated pan's life has reached end?
How to take care of the teflon coated cookware to ensure their long life?
Grilled Turkey and Gravy
How to incorporate alcohol (rum) into a cake recipe?
de-parasiting mackerel for sushi
Tres Leche Without Homemade Cake?
How long do you let a turkey rest after cooking?
Converting upright charcoal smoker to electric
How to properly prepare a beef escalope (from the topside)?
Is it reasonable to expect "spiciness" to fry off?
Gas grill: soaked wood chips vs. dry wood chips
How do I safely deep fry a turkey?
How to recover jam that is too liquid?
Why do hamburger patties have ridges on one side?
Will store bought chicken eggs hatch?
How to make a pie with no yolk?
How does one stop sushi seaweed wrapping being too chewy?
Toss Pizza Dough to Shape
How can I impart bacon flavor into collard greens without losing crispness?
Why has the meat turned out to be hard like rubber?
Can I substitute store-bought puff pastry dough for phyllo in pumpkin pastry?
What happens if I brine my turkey for 2 days?
How long will eggless pasta dough last in the fridge?
Mousse has Raw Eggs -- is it Really Safe?
Where can I buy a goose?
Filling for Stuffed Chicken Breast
Is there a brand of salsa I can cook with that doesn't contain seeds?
How can non-hydrogenated shortening exist?
Cooking red kidney beans
Reheating turkey
What is the proper amount of time to thaw + brine a turkey simultaneously?
Why are salt and pepper the "classic" dinner table seasoning?
Why do my hotpockets always split down the sides?
Fresh pearl onions vs frozen
Can an Angel Food Cake recipe be converted to cupcakes?
Why do sauces thicken as they cool?
Brining a kosher bird
What kind of wood puts the most flavor in the meat?
Why is my quiche soggy?
Is it possible my cream was too cold prior to whipping?
Reheat a turkey without drying it out?
Which type of pan can you recommend for pan-frying tofu?
What type of Paprika is the generic stuff one buys at a grocery store chain?
What can I substitute for puff pastry?
What is the dish shown in the "Sunset Limited"
Recommend decent, sturdy steamer basket?
How to customize the softness of custards like flan?
What is in eel sauce?
How do I make the chicken absorb more salt by freezing it?
Why are some kind of packets-soups boiled up in lukewarm water, while normally just stirred into already boiling water?
Bread for the very beginner
What does "bring to a simmer" mean?
How to make Chicken Laksa taste more like To's restaurant?
Are there thermo bottles to store tea, as soon as it is made (100ºC/212ºF)?
Why do many recipes instruct you to oil or grease the pan at the start of the recipe?
How can I prepare Jack fruit to simulate the texture of pork?
Will liquid keep longer if I boil it and then leave the lid on?
Optimal egg size?
The cooking temperature 15 degree is consider as ...?
Why is the Chicken too hard in the outside but soggy in the inside?
Sesame soy vinegarette
Do you guys know that there is no such thing as an amateur chef?
Soaking beef in water
How to set yogurt in the room temperature between 20 to 16 degree Centigrade?
Cooking with a crock pot - temp
Used warm setting by accident
Recipes for cookie cutters vs drop cookies
How do I scale serrano chile?
Dehydration in Fridge vs Outdoor
Orange sauce for goose
How to Rescue Too-Soft Cookie Dough Made with Butter Substitute?
Why does coffee taste awful after reheating it in a microwave oven?
What is the name of this Israeli street food?
Precise temperature reading on induction cooker
What kind of rice to serve with Indian Butter Chicken (Murgh Makhani)?
Is it wise to use vinegar to handle rust for cooking utensils?
What temperature and time should I use for a cupcake recipe?
How to prevent a vinegar taste when poaching eggs (using vinegared water)
How should I handle food that sticks in stainless steel pans or woks after cooking in sunflower oil?
Barley vs. oats?
What makes a pasta shape pair with a sauce?
How do I optimize my chicken stock for the best flavor at the lowest cost?
How do I  maintain a portable induction cooker?
Does the cooking time, adding more water and using high quality and expensive rice help to produce soft and non-stick rice?
Cooking Chicken meat with bones in soup is better than cooking Chicken bones in soup?
How do I get a chewy crust from homemade pizza dough?
Is it ok to microwave veggies without water instead of blanching them in a pot of water?
Why does food cooked with peanut oil stick less than food cooked with sunflower oil?
Should a Pound Cake be stored in the fridge or the freezer?
How do I make cumin and herb cheese at home?
What's the best replacement for "solid vegetable oil" in pastry recipes?
How can I make my Hot chocolate thicker?
How to get very smooth, flat cooked potato pieces
How long does parmesan sprinkle cheese last in the refrigerator?
What precautions should be taken while dropping cold vegetables in a hot Teflon cookware?
Should hot water be added to the already hot cooked vegetables for making a curry or even room temperature/cool water would do?
Making cake without oven
Cream cheese cupcake icing too sour
Should I skin the common sole for pan?
Will roasted corn work as soup croutons?
What is meant by "neutral" oils?
Why don't we make coffee in the same way we make tea?
Why is my pastry blistering in the microwave?
Coffee foam vs. Tea foam
Substituting freezer paper for parchment paper
Any good substitutes for tamarind in Beef Rendang?
Is it safe to store batter/dough that contains eggs?
Is it possible to steam steak?
How to get rids of flies and ants after you put cooked meals on the table?
Getting crispy chicken nuggets at home
Does a lid on a pot safely "seal" soup?
Parmesan Crusted Steak - Replace olive oil with honey
How long will Tiramisú made with raw egg keep?
brined turkey and fat
Why is it important to add salt during cooking?
oil for cooking eggs
Can I freeze all cookie dough? How far in advance can I make it?
In which kind of food items can Asafoetida be used?
Does it make any sense to grate the radish on a grater without peeling its skin?
How to get ants out of bread loaves?
Do recipes which measure flour by volume assume that I'll sift the flour?
When to use convection/fan bake vs bake
How can I harden the centre of a partly cooked christmas cake
How should I adjust oven temperature/time to have two dishes ready at the same time?
How can you make gray or black butter?
How to balance out sourness of lemon juice, specifically in a mayonnaise?
How do I prevent coconut milk from separating in Thai curry?
Gas or electric oven with gas stove
Can I store raw gnocchi dough in the fridge?
Can I use mascarpone as a substitute for cream cheese?
Does liver reheat well?
How much shorter is the turkey's cooking time if I increase the temperature?
Date cookies are thin and spread out
Why does fresh coriander deteriorate so quickly?
Please help me identify this Jamie Oliver cookbook
Is it bad if a sponge cake sits out for a couple hours before cooking?
Truly long spaghetti
How to simulate an oven when what you actually have is a gas stove?
How to prepare Spanish Migas?
How long can vegetable-based foods be stored at room temperature?
Why is my brining giving varied and usually poor results?
Is cornstarch a less effective thickener when used with gelatin?
What are Good Resources for Baker's Percentage Ranges?
Non-dairy creamer, dry
Is it possible to prevent a japanese cheesecake from deflating or sinking?
How to stop a sponge cake (chiffon cake) from deflating/sinking?
What is the easiest way to measure bread's rising?
What's an inexpensive substitute for Port wine?
In what way is kosher chicken different from brined chicken in terms of salt absorbtion?
The bottom of my black cheap pan has worn off and I can now see the metal below where food would go. Is that pan safe to use anymore?
Cooked or caramalized onions in the refrigerator
How can I substitute Tender Quick® for pink salt + kosher salt?
Pickling without Sterilization - Is It Safe?
How to keep fresh-squeezed fruit juice?
Veggie Burger local to Tulancingo, Mexico
How long should I mature my mincemeat before making Mince Pies?
How to counteract excessive saltiness in dried fish?
Why do some pie crust recipes include vinegar?
Refrigerator Life Of Cooked Clams
How do I "save" my Christmas Cookies (Venetians)?
What can I add to boiled lollies to stop them from melting in humid weather?
How do I remove bitterness from zucchini?
Where can I find (plain) Ramen noodles?
Can I stuff peeled bell peppers?
Help me duplicate Potbelly's fat-free vinaigrette
Why do whole chicken recipes advise rinsing the chicken?
Eggs in Pancakes, health hazard?
Looks curdled, but it wasn't - my bad alfredo
Does a 15,000 BTU Burner require a larger gas line?
How to re-melt bitter chocolate?
What does 'turn out' mean in bread baking?
Does shape affect pasteurization time when cooking sous vide?
How do I use a Chinese spoon?
Can you make your own black garlic?
Why grease the pan, then line with greaseproof/parchment paper?
Why add yogurt to curries spoon by spoon instead of all at once?
How can I tell if my chocolate is tempered?
Why are my (italian Whole foods) sausages still pink inside?
How to do hot spiced apple cider without apple cider?
Best spices to use on minced quorn in spaghetti sauce and other recipes
What is a more common substitute for Shaoxing cooking wine?
Save meat from chicken broth?
Meaning of do not thaw for frozen food
What is the difference between kosher salt and unprocessed sea salt?
Can black pudding be stored long-term?
At what stage shall I add whisky for Irish coffee?
What is the purpose of oil or butter in bread?
What precautions should be taken while cleaning silver utensils?
Substuting Fresh Milk for Dry Milk
Is there a salt antidote?
Will storing spices on the oven affect flavor or anything?
How do I clean a pasta maker?
Why do I need to melt butter with chocolate?
How to prevent the silver utensils from tarnishing?
How to roast mixed vegetables together?
Boiled sugar disaster?
One whole duck and extra pieces - how long in the oven?
What happens when cheese is melted in a frying pan?
Is it possible to thicken frozen cream?
How should I reheat beef tenderloin?
Does stollen dough keep overnight?
How to deal with a fresh hare?
What is the Purpose of Using Onions in (Almost) Every Soup Recipe?
Is it safe to put a plate directly on a recently-on gas burner?
Why am I getting runny whipped cream from my iSi canister?
Did I blanch baby-cut carrots correctly?
Can I make potato dauphinoise/potato gratin/gratin dauphinoise without cream and just milk?
will wine marinade kill bacteria?
Apple Pie in a Jar Drink
Dishwasher safe lids for copper cookware?
If you brine a chicken and then boil it in soup, how much salt, if any, will come out and go into the liquid?
Clean an entire fish before or after storing in a freezer?
Vegetarian Alternative to Bacon-wrapped Sausages?
If you freeze and later melt egg whites would they still be suitable to whip
What is the proper oven rack height position for baking cakes and cookies?
Why you shouldn't use soap to clean a pizza stone? or some pans and pots?
Can cold-brew coffee be heated? Why?
How long can I keep raw-egg based salad dressing refrigerated
How to make chocolate fondant?
Scaling up a risotto recipe x4. Things to consider?
Why do black olives typically come in cans and green olives typically come in jars?
Is there a way to cook hot dogs in a microwave without them bursting?
Is there a table that shows the cooking temperature and the duration for different meat types and its bones?
What ingredients do you add to your meat to help to reduce (bad) bacteria?
How do I get the flaky top on ooey gooey butter bars?
Is it OK to marinate chicken and pork together?
How to remove olive oil stains from cotton/wool cloths?
What caused my blueberry muffins to come out flat? 
How can I quickly save an unflavorful curry?
How can I use my crock pot for a stove top soup?
Mayonnaise substitute in cake batter
kinds of breakfast
How to cook cubed fish for a fish taco (tortilla)
How long in fridge for sushi steaks?
How can I maximize the storage life of fresh beef in the refrigerator?
How to replicate golden brown color of McDonalds chicken nuggets?
Cooking smoked cured ham on a rotisserie
Why did my fresh pasta come out pasty and lumpy?
Substituting glucose syrup for glucose
Are fungal toxins a significant problem in coffee, and if so, can they be avoided?
Why do my salmon fish cakes break up in frying?
How many jumbo double yolk eggs should I substitute for large eggs?
Omelet help.... gah why is it so hard?
For a baking beginner, what cake icing you recommend?
Are electric knives used in foodservice?
When do I freeze tamales?
Stirring butter toffee mixture while cooking
At what stage should Dark Soy sauce be added while making noodles?
What causes lemons to be bitter when cooked and how to avoid it?
Do I need to sift flour for quick breads?
Uses for juicer pulp
Is there a point in stuffing a chicken if I'm not planning on eating the stuffing part?
How long should a 4-5 pound rib roast take in an infrared cooker?
How to boil pork knuckle?
Saving a pavlova that didn't form a crust
What types of sauces would pair well with boiled pork knuckles?
How long should I slow roast a large (7.5lb/3.5kg) chicken for?
Is food with hair in it (or food which had hair in it) safe to eat?
Glazing pastry - Egg white or Milk?
Can brownie dough sit?
safe to sear beef tenderloin the night before?
Does the alcohol in wine affect cooking process?
Topping bread with poppy seeds or sesame seeds
how to create gratin with _thin_ cheese skin
By what method, other than heat, can I cause the alcohol in a liquid to evaporate?
How much water to put in my pasta pot?
How long can I leave a freshly baked cheesecake out before it goes in the refrigerator?
How to preserve home made orange juice
Mascarpone left outside fridge overnight - still usable?
When is it necessary to put foil over a pie's crust?
Use of pizza stone in gas oven
Uneven baking in a convection microwave oven
What makes a souffle rise?
Suggestions for convenient and safe methods of transporting a few meals without a vehicle?
Does adding oil to pasta water reduce the tendency to boil over?
At what temperature should monkfish be prepared?
What makes coffee grinds sink in a french press?
Why does strata have to come to room temperature before baking?
Extent of poultry denaturing via freezing(ice crystal formation)?
How to minimize the impact of unpopped kernels and kernel shards in popcorn?
Is this crab meat cooked?
What makes a chewy brownie?
How to keep the surface of the cake from splitting?
How to use cast-iron teacup?
What was wrong with using White Truffle Oil?
Searing after sous viding - what temperature?
Should chicken be cooked beforehand while making pizza?
How to effectively drain frozen vegetables?
How to make a frothy icing?
Should syrup or pastry be cooled when pouring on to Baklava?
Unsure why foam sauce doesn't hold
Is it true about a dull knife being more likely to cut you?
What's the best way to learn what each seasoning is?
Why does Béarnaise separate as opposed to crème brûlée or lemon curd?
Why does Angel Food Cake use a tube pan?
Cleaning habanero oils off of tools
How do you protect a pizza peel?
How long can savory cream cheese dishes last?
What kind of stabilizers can I use when making souffles, Japanese cheesecake or egg beaten products?
Beating eggs & sugar when making gelato
Painted Pony beans pate
What is the rule of thumb for mixing doughs?
Pumpkin rotting, need to process it now - any ideas with a long shelf life?
What is Molecular Gastronomy?
Can I reuse an alginate bath for reverse spherification?
Advice on meat cuts for German rouladen
What made these red lentils 'brick' together?
Can you pickle avocados?
Lifting the lid on cooking rice - is it such a big deal?
How to adjust an oven to accommodate two items with different cook times and temperatures?
Ideal pressure cooker size for cooking a pound (454g) of beans
What are the ingredients (spices) of Sri Lankan curry powder?
Can I grill a chicken/turkey breast in the night and eat it 12:00 and 18:00?
Webshop to buy vegetarian/vegan products online delivering in Canada?
Does having spoiling food in your fridge cause other food to spoil faster?
After how much time do ground/powdered spices start losing their flavor?
How can I reliably bake pizza with no temperature control or pizza stone?
Can I use a deep fryer instead of a pot with oil?
French dressing will not blend or mix to be creamy
Can I use my dehydrator to raise bread?
Is wheat gluten (wheat protein) an acceptible cooking substitute for soy protein powder or rice protein powder?
How can I create a drinkable ice slurry?
Gas burner is "clicking" - how can I stop this?
What are the ways of classifying bread?
What is an easy-to-make dessert that goes well with Indian food?
how long can i microwave microwaveable plastic containers for?
Does ceramic non-stick cookware "fail", and if so, how?
How to make deep fried beer?
How can I prepare freshwater fish without completely cooking it? Can I eat freshwater fish raw?
Are ladyfingers and Genoise made the same way?
Training on molecular gastronomy and sous vide
What is the conversion rate between dry beans to cans of beans?
What chemical(s) gives molasses its flavor so that it is used as an ingredient?
Can state of chicken affect brine?
What is a thorough way to clean my dish rack?
What's the difference between Guatemalen, Honduran and Salvedorean Cream?
Is thick fruit skin safe to be eaten?
What is the proper way to brine fish?
What is the inside of a nut called?
Why prefer prime-cut sausage over MSM sausage
What does the "bold" setting on my Cuisinart coffee maker do?
What's the functional different between a skillet and a saute pan?
Are plastic (vs metal) immersion blenders safe for hot mixtures?
3D meat cuts references?
Why would rasagullas break while cooking?
How can I modify corn bread recipes to accomodate a wet filling?
Why doesn't my Lemon Posset thicken? What am I most likely doing wrong?
Is deep-frying silicone oil safe for home use?
What type of cheesecake is the most common in southern US SuperMarkets?
Sloppy joe mix cooked with hamburger and was left on the counter for 2 hours.....should i throw it away?
Why are cheese curds squeaky?
Why double fry French fries after blanching instead of just blanching and frying?
What is a close alternative to Graeffe brown sugar?
Why are these mushroom stems leaving a long, skinny fiber behind on the cap?
Does it matter what type of wine is used to make mulled wine?
Why does my bread still smell like yeast?
Best cut of meat to pair with Gorgonzola?
What kind of meats are good for quick or cook ahead preparation, and are reasonably priced?
Grilling duck - How can I get the fat?
How long can I soak dried beans before they are considered inedible?
Is it necessary to rinse Chinese or other tea before first brew / steep / infusion?
How much could I safely heat a content-less cast-iron pan?
What is a pressurized filter, and should I use it for my espresso?
What can I bake with only flour, water and sugar?
How do I tone down the intensity of raw onion?
Baking Dark Chocolate in Cookies Without Burning Them
What's a good molasses-based glaze for pork tenderloin?
what are some good Pecorino Romano combinations?  (see food intolerances inside, please)
Why do you  slice whole ducks in half when roasting but not for other poultry?
Seville oranges for marmalade - how important is freshness?
How can I get my layer cake to cook more evenly/not burned?
How to best store not-yet-used frying oil?
Is high gelatin concentration in cheesecake unsafe? 
What type of vegetable oil should I use for tempura?
Best way to hold deep-fried foods?
Is it bad to cut onions and other vegetables on the same cutting board?
Is there anything wrong with keeping oil, salt, and vinegar together?
Starting the Maillard reaction on ribs without a torch or gas stove
Are edible skins of supermarket fruits safe to eat, or are residues a problem?
How can I make homemade tofu more flavorful?
What determines how hard or soft a cheese will be?
When can I not substitute Romano for Parmesan?
Can I continue to age store bought cheese?
What happens to cheese as it ages?
What does the rind say about a cheese?
Optimal shape to cut apples for apple pie
How are mozzarella cheese sticks (string cheese) formed?
What determines how well cheese melts
What are the (most common) different ways to thicken sauces and gravies?
What animal parts can be included in head cheese?
Can I make tea with carbonated water?
Why is my salted butter weeping? And is it safe to eat?
Why can't whole milk be substituted for cream in caramel sauce?
How far in advance can sweet potatoes be peeled?
Why can't I use toaster oven instead of real oven?
How to determine that a particular product is Organic?
What to do with mochi...this version is white, hard and puck-like in shape?
Is mixing coffee with milk directly unhealthy?
What difference would using Rock Sugar make in tea?
Sponge That Keeps Vegetables Fresh?
Why does feta taste so terribly salty when grilled?
What role does alcoholic liquid play in cheese fondue recipes?
What does the refrigerator crisper compartment actually do?
Substituting almond milk for evaporated
Curing bacon with a wet brine, without nitrates
Why skim "scum" from the surface of a simmering stock?
How Do I Fix Curdled Mascarpone Cheese?
What is the proper/most common way to serve curry?
Pan instead of a skillet
How do you tell if a cheese rind is edible?
Are the white crystals on my American Cheese safe to eat?
How should a washed rind cheese be stored in the refrigerator?
Can I eat cheese which has been "infected" with blue cheese mold?
How to pair cheese with wine?
Using other liquid than water when making stock
What does "combine dry ingredients through cloves" mean?
Liquid made with cream and penicillium roqueforti?
half-life of caffeine molecules
How much foreign substance can I add to processed cheese?
How to get a smooth paste from ground chickpeas?
Are recirculation extractor hoods good?
Why fry onions without oil and then add oil?
What can I do with ginger syrup?
"Indian Spicy" vs. "Thai Spicy"
Help in identifying a Thai condiment
Making vegetables (those with leaf) more "crunchy" (bite/tear off easily)
Any methods to make prawns more "crunchy" (bite/tear off easily)
Cooking juicy beef in a pan
What is a Chutney?
Sweet potato storage?
What is the right moment to add sugar to make my own coffee liqueur?
What makes vacuum fried food retain and concentrate the food's flavor?
Ice cream problems
Proper temperatures for meats...foodie standards?
When making risotto, why fry the rice?
Why did my Turkish Delight come out flavorless?
What is the proper way to store steak at home?
How do Chinese restaurants tenderize their meat?
Scaling problems with a cake - mousse layer increases more than other layers
Do chile peppers heat vary depending on the season?
Can I increase my iron intake by eating food cooked with cast iron?
Why reoil a cast-iron pan after usage?
Should I continue to cook Chicken which has only started to cook briefly then cooled by mistake
Are stainless steel frypans oven safe?
Does oil evaporate?
Salad onions -- any way to make them sweet but not soft?
Sausage roll pastry - how do I achieve a smooth shiny effect?
Cooking with Ornamental Cabbage (Kale)?
Gas or electric for rack oven in a bakery?
Does an electric crepe maker require a hood and ventilation?
Do the improvements touted by the ZPM Nocturn (PID-controlled espresso machine) sound sensible?
Why does boiling cream have such a drastic effect on my salted caramel?
How can I get frozen egg whites out of the ice tray?
How can I keep saffron fresh for longer?
What is the maximal thickness for choux pastry?
Suggested edible quantity/scaling of Habanero Pepper per pound of meat
How do different types of thickener actually thicken?
What is the significant difference between pastas?
Can I mince garlic in advance?
How would I add heat to a brine?
Troubleshooting a soufflé that collapses during baking
What causes popovers to rise so much?
Made a ginger carrot soup with coconut milk but accidentally made it too salty, how do i fix it?
Can you store oil in a container that is not airtight?
What makes a good vessel for storing sourdough starter?
Do I need hard or soft brown sugar for brownies?
Carrot soup and avoiding the use of a blender?
What cut of beef is "fillet of beef"?
What type of sauce is appropriate for a dry-aged prime steak?
Is it possible to make kataifi dough (by yourself or starting from filo dough)?
Why did this brown rice recipe fail?
What is the best cut of beef to use for stews?
Baker's Math Formula System - Why Isn't the Flour Mass in Corn Bread Formula 100%?
What is the difference between grape and cherry tomatoes?
Why marinade meat with acid or enzymes?
Should I press the chicken breast against the pan when I grill it?
Will meat cook inside of a rice cooker?
How can I make sauerkraut to best preserve the probiotic elements?
What styles of barbeque exist in American cuisine?
Selecting nuts for successful home oven-roasting
How to determine if canning is safe?
What bones for beef stock
How long does butter cream icing keep?
Best way to rehydrate dry black beans so the skins are not hard but beans are soft?
How to best store cocoa powder?
How to bake lokum rolls well?
Why was there not enough foam in my garlic foam with soy lecithin?
Will changing the setting on my Crock Pot reset the timer?
In this recipe, what is a possible substitute for serrano pepper?
Adding lemon to cookie recipe
What can I do with Pork Butt Trimmings?
Mushy sushi surimi texture?
Can you preserve canned kidney beans so that they still have their shape?
Why is my first polenta not easy to cut?
What can I substitute for onions?
How can I fix rips in a puff pastry sheet?
How to cook squid to get rid of the 'urine' flavor? What causes that flavor?
What is the origin of spam musubi, a Hawaiian dish?
Dehydrating fruit without a microwave
Steak in a pot!
Shelf life of a yogurt product
How is boiled rice different from steamed?
Planning for sandwich sales
What are macaron "feet"?
How long does eggwash keep?
Does adding salt when soaking dry beans toughen or soften the skin of the bean?
Distinguishing the size of tablecloths when folded?
What determines sweet potato softness?
Is it possible to make bacon at home?
Cooking Cheap Cuts of Beef
Thermometer Precision in Different Temperature Ranges
When using melted butter, is rendering (clarifying) always preferable?
Is there a close substitution for shallots?
Can I use flour to make a carrot soup more thick?
Quinoa in a Rice Cooker?
Is it safe to consume packed tea leaves after their expiry?
How to check whether the Olive oil is fit for consumption or not?
Can I use a rice cooker with flavored rice boxes?
How many times can I use a salt block?
Can I bake a quiche with a flaky crust?
Should you freeze pastry lukewarm? If so, why?
Using whey from yogurt to make ricotta
Egg replacer for bread dough?
Selecting [corn] for Pozole?
What are the impacts of common pizza dough errors?
Is it okay for cork to look a bit "moldy"?
What is the difference between caramelized onions and "crispy onions"?
How important is the creaming process while making a cake?
Can I bake bread with long-life milk?
What common household drink will remove burning from mouth?
Adding pasta to soup
How can I tone down the heat in hot oriental mustard, without making it sweet/significantly altering flavor?
What can I do with a large amount of glacé cherries?
Can I put other vegetables in a manual wheat grass juicer?
Some tahini tastes very salty, other tahini does not. Why?
Why is it that every time I steam vegetables while cooking rice my rice cooker ruins the rice?
How do you make guava juice?
Eggs Benedict using Goats milk butter
Why did my eggless cup cake prepared with condensed milk get charred in a convection microwave?
Coffee brewing methods - scientific analysis?
Should I buy steel or ceramic knives?
How can I make a stable olive oil and vanilla ganache?
What is a substitute for corn syrup in boiled icing?
Can I par-bake this pot pie recipe?
Tough roast.. what's going wrong?
How can I make Shepherd's Pie without tomatoes?
What can I add to veggie burgers to make them less brittle?
How to get crispy vegetables chips/fries without frying?
"Instant" leftover rice? Making leftover-like rice without the wait? (as in for fried rice)
What can I do about scratched pots?
What are preaseasoned cast iron pans preseasoned with?
How to dress sushi to better enhance all its flavours?
What are common techniques for adding eggs to soup?
Is leaving eggs out of the fridge, prior to cooking them a direct cause as to how shell break?
What's the difference between gazpacho and normal soups?
Difference between soup and stew
How do I ensure my deep dish crust gets cooked
What are the optimal simmering times for each stage of a traditional phở?
Egg and gluten free custard ideas?
Never ending soup; is it actually safe?
Fresh vs Frozen Broccoli for soup?
Why heat soup in a blender?
Adding additional water to already simmering bone stock
How do I control the temperature of water for an extended period of time?
How can I replicate authentic German potato dumplings?
How long should I cook apples in the oven?
Why do Asian savory recipes call for a few pinches of sugar?
How can I make my baked tortilla chips crispier?
Ways to speed up this chai recipe?
How long can coconut milk last in the fridge?
How do I freeze and defrost lemons?
What actual effect does a Parmesean rind added to soup have?
How can I substitute for unsweetened chocolate in a frosting?
Sourdough teacakes/hot cross buns?
Easiest way to strain fry oil?
How long does cooked TVP keep in the fridge?
spaghetti dinner
Why should dried mushrooms be soaked in warm water?
Can I include carrots in Tortilla de Patatas and can I use a casserole dish to make it taller?
How Long Does Tomato Juice Last?
How long can I store a food in the pantry, refrigerator, or freezer?
Is there a difference in the taste/seeds of egg-sized eggplants, and long and slim eggplants?
How to create a gummy candy cake?
Does the choice of peppers affect the 'flavor of the heat'?
How can I keep my split pea soup from becoming too thick during storage?
When can't I use a squash in a recipe which calls for pumpkin?
Handling raw poultry turns my cuticles black!
How should I choose a BBQ sauce for root-beer-braised pulled pork?
Why condiments expiry date is rounded?
Why are stone ware and dutch oven items exempt from bacteria?
How can you cook multiple omelets without burning them?
What is the best way to melt chocolate?
Is it possible to temper chocolate at home?
How to make homemade ice cream with a chocolate swirl
Does the type of sugar make a difference when making chocolate?
Rice cooker problem: film appears after cooking
What is the difference between white and pink ginger?
How do I make my chocolate brownies 'fudgy'?
What is the difference between good quality chocolate and cheap chocolate?
How to prevent "sweating" chocolate covered strawberries?
Do I need to keep white peppercorns on hand for making stock?
How long will roux keep?
Why Did This Cheesecake Catch on Fire?
How can I avoid seizing chocolate?
Why would dipping a cold item in chocolate "help" with tempering?
What can I substitute for Rice flour in a gluten-free pizza?
Is it safe to eat dog food in regular diet?
Why put a stone in the soup?
How to clean non-sticking pan from burnt pepper juices
Why do chocolate chips stay softer after being baked?
Achieve the crispiness of fried potatoes using baking
What can I use to strain gritty bloody mary mix?
Is there a way to keep chocolate chips from melting in chocolate-chip waffles?
What savory flavors would pair well with chocolate pasta?
Breaking down a lamb "square shoulder"
What are the optimal conditions in making wild yeast starter?
Why do you need to refrigerate bread dough overnight?
Are tulips edible?
Equivalence between fresh coconut and coconut cream?
Does resting kneaded dough for few hours change the taste/texture/softness of parathas?
Thick Chocolate Sauce
Can I freeze soup in a pot?
What cattle do we get our "beef" from in the US?
Can I ferment black garlic intermittently?
Is white cabbage that has turned rose-colored still safe to eat?
Will microwaving lemons make them easier or more efficient to juice?
Cocoa nibs used for cooking or baking?
Difference in caffeine levels between light and bold coffee?
Can I use a tagine on a glass cooktop, and do I need a heat diffuser?
Can I use a reused can for serving food
Do I need to adjust recipes when using hard water
Does it make sense to take out the cake from the oven few times just to check whether it is done or not?
What temperature should I use for sous-vide chicken breasts?
Should I sear sous-vide chicken breasts?
How to steam clams?
No oil on non-stick pans?
Is old barbeque sauce safe to eat?
Does natural {peanut, cashew, almond} butter require refrigeration?
Will fresh strawberries make a cake soggy?
What are those cakes called which don't have an icing on them?
Meat and fruit dessert
Why doesn't my conventional-oven Naan bread taste authentic?
How to thin chocolate for dipping
Proper grease for a meat slicer blade
Is it possible to sweeten chocolate without making it gritty?
How to make a "Winter queen" cocktail?
Make microwave popcorn in the oven
What is the thickening power of different types of roux?
Which wines have a strong, bitter flavor?
Is there something wrong with this scallop residue?
How do I know if my meat thermometer is ovenproof?
Gravy with Scrambled Eggs :: What went wrong?
Replace the mouthfeel of consommé in vegetarian soup?
How can I repair a pasta maker that was washed with water and has started to rust?
Is it normal that I keep burning my seasoning off my cast iron?
Can microwave safe glass vessels be used in an electric oven?
What should be the material of the vessels to be used in an electric oven?
How to prevent tofu from falling apart on the grill?
Safety of Blue / Green Garlic
How do I make shelf stable legume dishes in vacuum bags?
What is the correct temperature when extracting saffron flavour?
After you bake eggplant, is it fine to not drain the water?
How to make mayonnaise with a cooked yolk?
Crunchy vs Chewy dried apples?
Windowpane test - Why does my dough fail it, and what is it good for?
Callebaut callets vs. block?
How to prevent unwanted taste transfer?
What qualifies to be an "all purpose flour"?
What does baking time in oven depend on?
What is the base of a seasoning blend for something like roast chicken?
Does 1 tea spoon correspond to half table spoon?
How is sassafras used in flavoring?
What differences are there between Chia and Flax Eggs?
Could a cast iron skillet change its ways and be kosher for a vegan?
Homemade fresh garlic dressing fridge life
What role does a stoneware bowl play in the baking of Artisan bread?
What is silken tofu compared to regular tofu and how do you use it?
Does searing cause more or less oil to be absorbed than frying?
How to plan the portion size for a vegetarian bourguignonne dish?
Remediation Methods for Rice Contaminated with Broken Glass
What can I substitute for eggs in a pancake recipe?
What temperatures do low-medium-high on the stove correspond to?
How to make a cake less dense
How to decide the baking temperature when recipe doesn't mention it?
Is Apple Cinnamon Oats an Indian recipe?
Should flax seeds be crushed to be a good egg substitute?
In what container should I put lemon water for storage?
How can I keep corned beef pink?
Ramen with Egg :: Screwed Up Something
What limitations are there to sauteeing with water?
Why did butternut squash make my fingers dry and yellow?
Is hot tap water safe for cooking?
How do I control the shape of my spheres?
Storing rehydrated beans
When making french press coffee, what is the purpose of blooming the grounds?
How to fry meat without spattering oil?
To make Gluten free pancakes, can I just substitute regular flour with Gluten free flour?
De-meatifying lasagna, casseroles
Blow torching meat after sous vide - add fat or not?
Does oxidation inhibit caramelization?
Gluten tester; simple and fast
What am I doing wrong with my pressure cooker?
Why does meat in the crockpot always end up dry?
Are American food colourings weaker than in other countries?
Is it ok to leave a slow cooker unattended?
What's the difference between broccoli from China and broccoli from Australia?
How much salt can I safely add to bread dough?
Fixing a Brownie Brick
flexible food grade plastics that won't melt at 105 C
Where can I buy Glico Curry online in the United States?
Can cheese be sculpted?
Is it possible to make low-alcohol Limoncello?
What effect do different slash patterns have on bread oven spring?
What happens during a cold fermentation that makes bread taste so good?
What kind of flour keeps bread dough from sticking in a proofing basket?
What the advantage of a 'bakers couche' for proofing bread and is it safe?
How do I fix my flat sourdough loaf?
How careful do you have to be with adding flour for kneading?
How to get uniform slices from bread?
What defines a bread as 'artisan'?
Why should I let bread cool before slicing and eating?
How can I reduce the amount of hooch my sourdough starter is making?
What should I cover bread dough with while it's rising?
What is a German potato grater called?
How do I make authentic Russian black bread?
Homemade Pepper Sauce - Suggestion for a serving bottle
Is there a difference between the grocery store package of chow mein noodles and the package of lo mein noodles?
How to convert between flours?
Annatto Oil Substitute
What type of flour should I feed my starter with?
Why didn't my 100% whole wheat bread proof?
Could rice or pasta be cooked without hot water?
How should I incorporate oil into focaccia?
How do you get 'ears' when baking bread?
My sauerkraut brine seems slightly slimy but the batch otherwise seems normal--is it ok?
What is the practical way to peel off zest of an orange?
How can I create steam in a normal oven to promote bread oven spring?
What can I do to keep high hydration dough from sticking to my hands?
Replacing cream and butter in a carrot casserole/pie
Freezing lasagne made with previously frozen meat
How can I warm bread making ingredients to room temperature? 
How can I prevent dough from wrapping around a dough hook?
How to poach an egg without vinegar?
Why baste bread with cornstarch?
Infrared thermometer for oven temperatures
Why does my bread keep 'blowing out'?
Why do some recipes recommend a short rest after mixing but before kneading the bread?
How can I know when my yogurt is ready (in a generic, basic, non-us yogurt maker)?
Why should we not store onions and potatoes together?
Why stretch and fold vs traditional kneading of bread dough?
What is the name (in Chinese) of the utensil that is used to prick lots of tiny holes in pork skin to make it very crispy?
How can I make whole grains stick to the top of bread?
Why add malt to bread?
Can I make my own malt?
Should I preheat my bread baking containers?
What is the difference between quick bread and cake?
How do I get Nooks and Crannies in my English muffins?
Fat in chicken skin after boiling
Which other spices besides cloves will react with plastic?
Why does bread with filling separate and how do I prevent it?
What are the differences between slow cooking and poaching a chicken soup and how does slow cooking/poaching soup affect salt absorbtion?
Does a mechanical meat tenderiser denature chicken so that it will absorb more salt water?
Recipe generator for randomized meal planning
Boiled chicken: coloured parts of the meat?
Does tiramisu firm up in the fridge?
How can I speed up banana ripening?
Making buckwheat crepes buckwheatier
What to do with crumbled muffins?
Is it a myth or a fact that mixing cake/muffin batter too finely can lead to a hard finally baked cake/muffin?
What to add to the batter of the cake to avoid hardening when the gluten formation can't be avoided?
What are examples of spoiled food that is part of a culture's cuisine?
Is it safe to defrost cooked meat and eat it (without reheating)
Which oils are considered flavorless?
How do I keep the paddle of a bread machine from damaging the bread upon removal?
What are the differences in protein content between chicken broth and chicken stock?
What is the difference between risotto rice and paella rice?
What's the secret ingredient in beef jerky?
What's the difference in baking bread in a loaf pan vs. in a Dutch oven?
What is the substitution ratio for mini marshmallows to large marshmallows?
Is there something better than mineral oil for cutting boards?
How much "alternative" flour can I substitute for white wheat flour?
Wooden cutting board turns black
Why does rice expand by more than the liquid volume it's cooked in?
How can I flambé ice cream?
Can oil be replaced with yoghurt in a cake recipe?
Baking course online
Is there a cake similar to Black Forest but made with strawberries/citrus?
When is slow cooking important to salt absorbtion, before or after boil?
Why is the texture of my chocolate chip cookies foamy?
What is the most practical pan for a deep-dish pizza
Does the direction matter in the Stretch and Fold method?
Can these settings bake a cake?
How can I save my curry - it's way too oily!
Why does unsweetened tea get colder, faster than sweet tea?
What causes curdling and how can you prevent it?
Can you estimate how long it takes to reduce a liquid?
What is the difference between pizza sauce and spaghetti sauce?
What if anything make a liquid a good candidate for a reduction?
Whipping-cream will not stay hard or keep its peaks and gets runny
What reading materials give in-depth coverage of baking with gluten-free ingredients and techniques?
How can I keep from burning a pan sauce?
Am I slow cooking chicken correctly?
What rice should I use when a recipe asks for "short grain rice"?
How much sauce do you need per person?
How do I get rid of that calcium chloride taste in my tomato sauce?
How much salt should I put in a vegetable stew?
Are Non-Stick Bread Pans Destined to Fail?
Why can soda be used as a substitute for eggs when using a boxed cake mix?
What are the hallmarks of a traditional alfredo sauce?
What is the best rice for sushi?
What is the benefit of using a Mezzaluna Knife over a traditional knife
What's the secret to soft cookies?
What are the impacts of a worn pizza stone?
Can the broiler replicate a regular gas oven?
Can I brine chicken in buttermilk after I boil the chicken?
How can you know that your bread is done?
Tips for Creating a Creamy and Smooth Sorbet
Why does a white sauce (bechamel,veloute) sometimes turn grey?
Does reheating a roux based sauce thin it out?
What happens when you mix whiskey and water?
Chicken smells like eggs
Preparing Salsa Verde fast and fresh
How should I wash the potatoes before baking them?
Cooking cakes on asbestos mats
How to replace water in meat (chicken, beef) with another liquid?
Can you interchange oil and butter in emulsified sauces?
Coloring ham green
Why didn't my lemon tart set?
How is white pizza sauce made?
Is there a reason to have a plastic bowl?
What is the best way to catch wild yeast for sourdough?
Are my gas stove burners clicking due to high elevation?
What fruits have a low sugar content?
Why does food cook differently in a double-boiler?
When a recipe calls for X cooked amount of something is that before or after it has been cooked?
Can I use “All-Purpose flour” instead of “cake flour”?
Reason(s) for not making stock with oily fish (salmon)?
What is this Vietnamese Food?
Can cultured buttermilk powder contain live cultures?
Maximum time for rising in a breadmaker
How long would you keep this Caesar dressing?
Where can I source Mexican chilies in the UK?
Making Medium-hot Mexican Sauces
How can I adjust a recipe for different grades/brands/types of gelatin?
Repairing the Seasoning on a Cast Iron Pan
Did I make butter, or something else?
Can I make a béchamel sauce with coconut cream?
Does washing kimchi with water reduce the sodium content much?
My butterscotch pie filling curdled?
Why did my sauce get lumpy after being frozen?
Can I prepare instant noodles in the microwave?
What dishes don't stain with heavy spices?
Why does my butter icing melt so quickly?
Improving tomato sauce in beef liver recipe
My cake crumbled on the top and took very long time to cook
How long does it take to steam brown rice?
How do I substitute rehydrated garbanzo beans for garbanzo beans from a can?
What type of yogurt is most similar to the yogurt used in authentic Middle-Eastern cuisine?
How do I ensure that pita forms a nice big, even pocket when baking?
What can I use as the leaf in dolma?
Difference between parsley and coriander(cilantro)?
How is the lamb meat made in lamb gyros?
Is there a way to make falafel without deep frying?
Foil over cookie sheet over broiling pan?
How can I sharpen my peeler?
Troubleshooting a soggy baklava with torn sheets
How can I thicken tea?
Hamantaschen just wouldn't pinch and hold tight
Why is salt sprinkled on top of soft pretzels?
Why did my French onion soup with 'red' onions come out tasteless and bland?
Can I carve up a suckling pig like you would an adult pig?
How can I marinate meatballs without making them "mushy"?
What effect does orange juice have when used in dough?
How to increase flavour intensity in this recipe?
How to separate two jammed-together measuring cups?
How to make sweet-tasting noodles?
What are the different applications for differently shaped wooden spoons?
What can I substitute for butter in Alfredo sauce?
Can you make oven proof and microwave safe pie dishes using cardboard and who supplies them?
How much difference does the placement of the shelf in the oven make to the final outcome of a cake?
Is there any other difference between the cakes and the cup cakes besides the size?
Substituting cream of tartar in turkish delights?
How can I intensify the orange flavour in orange cake?
Which kinds of vessels insulate well?
How to fix the consistency of blueberry jam?
How can I preserve large quantities of garlic?
Which method of preparation would produce a more tender and juicier steak, grilling or broiling?
Why is my pumpkin pie filling separating from my cake mix?
How should I clean, or care for, a banneton (brotform, proofing basket)?
Can I fry my frozen Maitake pieces with other fresh mushrooms?
does bread have alcohol in it?
Filling for Caribbean roti
Are substitutions for vodka allowed when making a vodka cream sauce
How do I speed up the preparation time for chocolate chip cookies?
Is it possible to create salty ice cream?
Do I need to wash my tongs between handling raw meat in pan?
Dry milk in bread: purpose, and substitutions
Is it ok to use frozen okra in gumbo?
How does the baking time change if I scale up a cake recipe?
What is the white foam that builds up when I make tea?
What can I use instead of a tea towel?
How should I store beansprouts?
Are meatballs different from Hamburgers other than in terms of size?
Can I use the juice from pickles to make bread?
Making cake icing look professionally smooth
What should be the tooth of banana pudding pie?
What is the difference between a poolish and a biga?
Adjusting an instant-rice recipe for regular rice
Cracked Mexican/Spanish style rice
How to deep fry cauliflower?
How can one determine if a potato is suitable for French fries?
How can one test if a vegetable is organic?
Are potatoes ever used in Mexican or Tex-Mex dishes?
Does the colour of the olive oil say anything about its quality?
Are mascarpone and clotted cream the same thing?
How does one invent a cookie recipe?
Why does cold coffee taste sweeter with the same amount of sugar?
How can I make my no carb sausages more succulent?
Why do short pie bases require chilling before baking?
What will happen to my cake if I don't cream the butter enough?
Difference between boiling and steaming vegetables?
Do the cup cakes bake faster in a 24 hole cup cake tray rather than a 12 hole cup cake tray?
Do German or Japanese knives hold their edge longer?
Why do stuffed shells recipes include eggs?
Adapting graham cracker crust to all-natural graham crackers
Corned Beef in a slow cooker?
What is the fastest appliance/utensil to cream butter and sugar with?
What tools are needed for making wafer cookies?
How can I substitute English Toffee in cookies?
How long after baking do American chewy cookies get their normal texture?
How to recognize when American style chewy cookies are done?
What are double-cut chops?
Bread - Liquid proportion in french toast
How should I organize making a cake days ahead?
Salt 'n pizza (how much salt should be in the dough)
Fresh half and half curdles in hot coffee
Why do my cookies deflate when coming out of the oven?
How to get the flavors to meld when I add fruit and sugar to plain yogurt?
What happens to pasta dough when it is run multiple times through the machine?
Why did I end up with mushy corned beef?
Is there any trick to make a palindrome-cocktail?
What can I substitute for vegetable oil in a recipe?
Easiest way to bread chicken for frying?
How should I alter a chocolate cake recipe to make plain/flavoured cake?
Can I use oil spray as a salad dressing?
Best way to cleanly cut brownies?
Why do uncooked frostings that contain milk not need to be refrigerated?
How can food cooked 1-2 hours ago be effectively reheated in a microwave?
Is tofu considered a processed food?
How do I make the beef in my beef stroganoff more tender?
Minimum liquid to make solid dough
Is it safe to eat a non-refrigerated store-bought pizza base?
Can I use Yellow Croaker for fish and chips?
Can you re-use parchment paper when baking batches of cookies?
Is there any reason against using red onion, or a mixture of red and yellow onions to make an onion soup?
Chocolate-Flavored Cheese
What natural ingredients can be used to color food blue or green?
What can I do to use Revere Ware copper bottom pots on a glass cooktop?
How can I make shredded beef?
How can I spice up ground beef without using pepper?
Why and when do you need to dock dough?
How can i keep ice cream without a freezer
Nitrous oxide gas leak when charging ISI whipping cream dispenser
What adjustments are needed to change a pie recipe to a turnover recipe?
How to convert a muffin/cupcake recipe to a large muffin recipe
How do kosher food preparation requirements compare with what is known by modern science to make food safe for eating?
When to use chicken thigh versus breast?
How to find out if an egg has a cracked shell before boiling it?
Reheating boiled eggs for scotch eggs
How should Dashi made with kelp and bonito flakes smell?
Are chilies in olive oil dangerous?
Why is my meat grinder getting clogged with sinew?
What is the most effective method for cooking a massive amount of sweet brown sushi rice
Substituting maple syrup for maple extract
How to cream when there is more sugar than butter in the recipe?
Ravioli filling to edge ratio
How to preserve the green colour of mint when doing spherification?
How to create fruity or grassy shortbread cookies?
Is extremely young meat indigestible?
Can garlic or onion stored in the fridge help to sanitize?
Can I still use frozen beef brisket left out at room temperature for 12 hours?
Can I freeze stir-fry vegetables?
What is an easy way to turn a heavy-ish cake?
How to keep the fruit on an upside-down cake?
How can I calculate the affect of cooking my food on its nutrition
What is the maximal shelf life of UHT milk?
How do I ripen a Mango?
Is it safe to freeze soup that uses previously frozen stock?
How to bottle your own homemade salad dressing
What method for advance prep of seitan prevents deterioration of texture and preserves flavor while protecting from spoilage?
What's the best way to get a charcoal taste on a propane grill?
Can I make buckwheat flour starting from toasted buckwheat?
What's the secret to making good turkish bread? (pide)
Are there different styles of tahini?
What to place beneath the vegetables before placing them on the baking tray?
How important is RPM in a blender?
Reconciling Food Safety Tips: Food vs Water
Why do some powders clump in hot water?
Can I make sweetened coconut from dried coconut?
Making Pepper-Flavored Vodka
Substituting for Candlenuts in Indonesian Food
What is meant by "place 4 inches apart on cookie tray"?
Do different fat contents (skim, 2%, whole, etc) affect rate or intensity of milk spoilage?
Should I polish a cast iron pan for use on a glass cooktop?
Will hard boiled eggs absorb salt through the shell?
Can coconut cream be transformed into coconut milk, or vice versa?
Are there differences when working with light-colored palm sugar versus dark?
My pesto turned solid. Why?
What does melted butter do in a swiss roll recipe?
Does nutritional yeast expire or go bad?
Safety of room-temperature soaker from Reinhart's *Whole Grain Breads*
Boiling lentils in chicken stock?
How to make a lattice pie crust?
How can I get good spherification results with alcohol?
Why is freshly-chopped garlic sticky?
What is the ideal grind for making espresso?
Can I substitute olive oil for butter/shortening in pie crust?
Safety of coffee in thermal flask, long periods of time
Can I make a latticed cream pie (no-bake filling)?
Can I use tapioca pearls for thickening?
Romano vs Parmesan in Cacio e Pepe?
Parmesan Cheese Substitute
Can I substitute brown or confectioner's sugar for granulated sugar in sugar cookies?
Good site for nutritional info
How do I remove small grounds when using a french press?
Should I use my microwave's 'popcorn' button?
Do black metal vessels cook food more quickly than normal steel?
Durability of hard andonised metal (aluminum)
What are the best types of apples to use in Charosset?
Why can't I scale up jam/jelly recipes?
Uneven brownie baking?
Is there such thing as "almond tofu," and if so, is it a misnomer?
Texture issue in homemade powdered sugar
What is the difference between pot roasting and braising?
Can putting items with high heat capacity smooth out heat changes in Sous Vide?
How to maximize and preserve horseradish potency without vinegar?
Why is there cornstarch in powdered sugar?
How can I fortify homemade soy milk?
Fastest way for cloning Milk Kefir Grains
Estimating sugar & cream for a coffee service
Is it true that natural peanut butter splits in cookies?
Getting flavor powders to stick to nuts
How should I control the time and temperature when baking two dishes?
Which thickeners work well with dairy?
Should I pre-boil then rinse chicken bones before making stock?
How to remove film from stainless steel pan
Why did this fondue become grainy and lumpy?
How to cook sea bass fillet in foil in the oven from frozen
Do I need to adjust slow cooker recipes for high altitude?
How to cook a thin crispy pizza on a pizza stone
What is this Asian dish made with boiled vegetables? 
Rubber like skin on surface of chocolate mousse
Why does sauce go watery after freezing?
Properties of a good paella pan
Why does my soufflé collapse in the oven?
Is it possible to bake a cake without an oven?
Is there a plastic bowl/dish that can withstand high temperature in the oven?
What should I do if power goes out while I am baking cake/cookies?
What is the best way to denature proteins in chicken soup using an acidic ingredient?
Why do my onions keep burning?
What nutrients are concentrated in citrus peels (not juice)?
What are the names of the breakfast spreads used in Indian cuisine?
Why do brownies made from commercial mixes form a flaky top?
How can you tell whether bread dough is ready for baking?
What can I do about excessive lime flavor in a pork roast?
Can alcohol bottles (especially liquor) be stored on their side?
Proper grind and measurement for a pour over coffee maker
What shape is a French omelette and how is it achieved?
How do you cook margarine with brown sugar without separating?
How do I get the filling inside pâte à choux?
How long do you have to cook wild morel mushrooms for them to be safe?
Is kimchi a suitable addition to a noodle soup?
Does microwaving eggs kill salmonella?
How can I make my homemade potato wedges crispy?
Will tomatoes keep for longer if you keep the stalk in?
How do you make sure aubergine doesn't go bitter when cooking?
Mug-cake mix at home
Should I add flour to dough if I already weighed the amount?
What can I do to prolong vegetable and meat freshness in the freezer?
substuting cottage cheese for cream cheese in a cheesecake
How to make crumbly cookies?
Cooking Porridge in steam oven
Is it okay to prepare "Cannelloni with Spinach" recipe and put it in fridge BEFORE baking?
Does the Philips Air-fryer work as well as a standard deep-fryer?
What oils are suitable for Indian cooking (i.e. extended frying duration)?
What is a good subsitute for Mirliton (aka Chayote)?
Are there any negative effects to kneading bread dough longer?
What is a "boned lamb leg"?
Teabags vs. instant coffee
Name the vegetable from Nilgiri hills
How long & at what temp do I cook stuffed pork sirloin roast?
Help roaster oven quit in the night!
How to make a pesto in a mortar?
Is it possible to have a good crust without prebaking a quiche?
How can you achieve the glazed top in a mille-feuille?
How to mix the perfect amount of salt?
What kind of cookware is suitable for a glass ceramic stovetop?
How long should snails be cooked?
What is the standard ratio of sugar to cream in Crème Chantilly?
Can I roast in glass?
What types of snails are made into Escargot?
How to develop a butterscotch flavor in a savory sauce
Why does flatbread have to be microwaved / cooked / toasted?
Is white vinegar the same as White Wine vinegar?
What is Vegetable Meat?
New potatoes in pressure cooker with salt: how to optimize water amount and cooking time?
Why do English recipes of “sauce marchand de vin” call for Worcestershire sauce?
How can I make melted chocolate set faster?
Which fruits and vegetables should be kept in a fridge, and which outside?
Is cooking with hydrogen peroxide an accepted practice?
Is golden syrup gluten-free?
Hiding the taste of cornstarch in gluten-free bechamel
How can I cook chicken in a similar way to how it was done in Biblical times?
Why did my pound cake turn out dry?
Is lavender used to season food?
36 inch by 36 inch counter depth refrigrator
Should I warm wine in the microwave?
Can you overmix a gluten-free cake?
Preventing a burnt burger patty when pan frying
Will meat overcook in a boiling water pot?
Different techniques in making creme brulee
How to clean and trim parsnips?
Will potatoes discolor if I pre-make scalloped potatoes?
How do I cut and serve my ribs?
Making "french fries" out of Cassava/Yuca root
Why is orange juice or apple juice added in a smoothie?
What's an efficient way of removing seeds from citrus fruits?
How can I make the crust of my chicken pot pie crunchy?
leaving oil on a frying pan for use later
Can I make gluten free crepes?
How to make whole bean blonde Starbucks without machine
Make bacon less salty
What takes over the functions of gluten in gluten-free bread mixes?
Why are parsnips sold pre-clipped?
Can I freeze chilli powder?
Can I use a Lid for a glass vessel for cooking in microwave?
Does adding oil and fats affect bread crust development?
Do slow cookers require liquid to operate?
Fresh or smoked sausage in Jambalaya?
What to do with under ripe figs?
How does lemon juice "cook" meat?
Name of a Chinese sweet
What are some alternative uses for bread heels?
What does buttermilk do to fried shrimp batter?
How can I tell when ground beef is fully cooked?
How do I make a flaky croissant?
What's the point of using sugar in savory dishes?
How do I prevent smoked brisket from being chewy?
How to get falafel to hold together when pan-frying?
Coconut Milk Ice Cream - Getting Volume?
Watery liquid on top of homemade yogurt
Benefits of vinaigrette vs. pouring oil and vinegar separately on salad?
What determines whether a sherbet will set or not?
Exploding or alcoholic soda
How do I control the smoke from a chimney starter?
How do they get caffeine out in decaffeinated coffee?
What are the pros and cons of coarse and fine coffee ground?
How does the addition of Chicory affect coffee?
Why are my cheese curds not well-knitted after pressing?
Bisquick breakfast casserole with cooked eggs
Removing ramekins from a bain marie
How to make lactose free mashed potatoes
Island cheese — Azorean (or Portuguese)
Bacon substitution
Can I let my bread dough rise in the mixer bowl?
Is it okay to use a microwave in convection mode without the turntable?
How can I approximate a Starbucks latte at home?
Why is it called coffee cake?
How can I make coffee with a minimum of equipment and maintenance?
What's the difference between latte, mocha, and all the other drinks on a coffee-house menu?
Create a water + baking soda solution?
What makes bread mold grow; light, air or both?
Pre-mixing liquor -- any downsides?
What purpose does coffee serve in a chocolate cake recipe?
How to make boiled and partially fried vegetables palatable?
How do I steep mint for mint ice cream?
What flavor (besides chocolate) goes well with hazelnut?
Why is salt sometimes added to straight coffee?
Do flax seeds lose their fiber if cooked?
If a recipe doesn't specify the type of vinegar, is there a standard type implied?
What are some vegan thickeners for beverages?
What could I substitute for coffee in an Opéra cake
Is blanch freezing vegetables required for short term storage?
Wet Cooked Ham Slices
Cooler as a pantry?
Instant espresso powder substitutions?
What is club soda and how do I make it?
Why can heating things in a microwave make them soggy?
How to make celery root dish without parmesan?
How much brine do I need to freeze icecream?
Why do instructions for carving a chicken disregard the back?
Soda from fridge to room temperature
Why does my oil cake drop in the centre
Baking batter-covered chicken instead of frying?
Mixing mozzarella without clumping
Dipping Cakepops in Callebaut Callets
Does salt-seasoned pasta and starchy water in my sauce have to yield a salty sauce?
How can I prepare left over Stir Fry for the fridge?
How much does a cup of hazelnuts weigh?
What's the use of onions in teriyaki sauce?
Can you substitute butter in a box cake recipe that calls for oil?
Why didn't my brioche rise?
What's the difference between fajitas, enchiladas and tacos?
Cheese that Pairs with Spicy Food
How can I tell when red bananas are ripe?
Why is butter incorporated into the dough last when making Brioche?
What does cream of tartar do in baking recipes?
Can you cook bone stock in two hours, if not what are the problems?
Can I use a dark cocoa candy bar in place of bakers chocolate?
How can I get a corn tortilla to be pliable enough to work with?
How do tomatillos differ in taste from under-ripe tomatoes?
Reusing pickle brine
How can I remove the skin from peanuts?
How can I rehydrate dried chillies more efficiently?
Is there an alternative wrapping for tamales?
What beans can I use to make refried beans?
What can I use instead of annatto?
How long is it safe to store rice horchata for?
What can I use instead of amaranto?
cooking time for chicken-pesto in the oven
Does a granite pestel need to be re-grooved?
How sharp should a filleting knife be?
Can I safely clean/eat harvested foods that have aphids on them?
What's the difference between masa for tortillas and for tamales?
Vacuum sealing with a submerged ziplock vs home machine vs professional machine
Cold Smoking in the Tropics - Condensation
Why is yeast used in bread making?
How can you pre-bake coca (pizza)?
Why proof a baguette seam side up
Why does my ganache keep breaking?
What's best: boil eggs in advance or just before use?
Is the root/rhizomes of ground elder edible?
What are the correct simmering times for chicken/vegetable stock?
How to create homemade special coffees
Are chillies hotter when they're ripe?
Corelle Visions Covered Versa Pot 1.25 L
Why are poblanos sometimes called pasillas?
Can dried peppers get hotter with aging?
Do Chilis Ripen "off the vine"?
How to make caramel sauce that doesn't taste bitter?
How long can I store mole?
Why should you remove the core of garlic?
How can I get the most smoke flavor from Lapsang Souchong tea?
Can I use citric acid instead of lemon juice when canning?
What is an elegant way to serve whole duck livers?
Can I use an induction cooker to restore silica gel's water absorbency?
Does Domino's use rennet-free cheese?
How can I thin out my ice cream mixture?
To refreeze or to refrigerate?
How To Get Flavour Into Dried Grains And Pulses
Cooking messy foods in a bamboo steamer without a cleaning nightmare
Ready to eat food not suitable for microwave
Why does my oven take so long to heat up?
Spare Ribs: spacing out the soak and the grill
"Banging" cookies half way through baking
Any tips on crushing garlic for alioli?
How can I let fruit ripen faster?
Barbequeing with a charcoal grill
Is curry ketchup just ketchup with curry powder?
How much does a cup of Nutella weigh?
Is there a difference between coca, focaccia and pizza?
Stainless vs Enameled Porcelain Grates?
Split Pea Soup, but peas aren't dissolving
What is the purpose of the sugar in ketchup?
How to thicken a raw fruit relish?
What variety of squash produces "flor de calabaza"?
When I'm separating egg whites, how much does it matter if a little yolk gets in?
What does it mean in a Recipe to "steep the gelatin"?
What is the best method/product for cleaning pasta's starch residue from colander and cooking pot?
What is the standard amount (if there is one) for a "glass" of wine?
What is the danger of salmonella in 'home laid eggs' and how should I clean them?
Is it okay to put baking powder in Yorkshire Pudding batter?
Why is my masa mushy?
Flour and water... at which temperature?
Is it true that honey never spoils? Why?
KitchenAid Pro mixer clicking noise
Use high gluten (bread) flour for hand pulled noodles
How can I stop my pie from burning?
How quickly do I have to use my thawed pizza dough?
Jalapeno Poppers and getting a thick crust?
What's the fastest way to hull a strawberry?
My soup tastes tart... Is it safe to eat?
What are the core differences between strawberry varieties?
What flavors work well within a splenda-sweetened strawberry-rhubarb cobbler?
Basil - to wash or not to wash? Best practices?
Can you make strawberry extract at home?
How to best store cupcakes?
Should I delay adding barley when making vegetable barley soup?
How can I clean my peeler?
Extracting colour out of strawberries
Are strawberries really dyed?
What should I look for in strawberries at the market?
Eucalyptus tea: is it safe to drink?
Vermouth for use in Drinks - can I freeze it?
Homemade Golden Ginger Ale
What is the secret to baking bread with a very fine crumb?
Is there a preferred tequila age for Strawberries Por Mi Amante?
Is it safe to store hot tea in PET bottles?
Is there a discernible difference in taste between aeropress and chemex / pour-over?
Cookies end up Rubbery
Why does brining work with dry heat methods and not wet heat methods?
Oven Temperature: How to be sure the selected temperature is correct.
Can I bring sausages on a plane?
Salmon patties with cream cheese?
How to get chocolate of chocolate covered strawberries shiny?
what's the smoke point of a hybrid oil?
What is the lesser evil, degassing too early or too late?
Can cashews go bad? If so, how do you tell?
Defrosting chicken breasts in marinade
Why would using oil make muffins less sweet?
How can I avoid limp strawberries?
flash fire from self-cleaning oven
How much rice should I cook per person?
how to make indian chilly chicken
extracting banana flavour for an iced coffee
What kind of containers for homemade ice cream?
Exact proportions of sugar to water in sorbet
How much salt does fish in brine absorb?
How do I avoid hot fudge turning my ice cream into a soupy mess?
Preparations for outdoor grilling
Should I store my cheese in brine/whey?
Refrigerate Cod After Cooking
Marron glacé / Candied chestnuts breaking up. How to avoid this?
Is pork ok if seared and left in crockpot 1hr before turning on?
What "Is" Barbeque or "BBQ"?
Turning a cast-iron grill into a smoker
Does an acid actually stabilize meringue and if so why?
What is the name for a round flaky pastry that has a chocolate cream filling in the middle
When should I put salmon in my rice cooker?
Can I freeze Parmesan?
How to bake Frozen French Fries
How much time do I need to achieve a smokey flavor in bbq?
Bagels not rising
Is it safe to roast marshmallows over a sterno flame?
Safe to eat mac 'n' cheese the next day?
How do I keep dough moist while rising?
How do big companies make sure their product always looks and tastes the same?
Why using both baking powder and sodium bicarbonate?
Is it true that smell is lost flavor?
chestnut puree quantity
How can I stop my eggs from cooking when I make lemon/lime curd?
Can salted butter be used for yellow cake recipe?
Tempering chocolate: ± 2 °C too much?
Pre-salt eggplant to improve taste?
Is it normal for the Chickpeas to develop white froth after being soaked for 12 hours?
In how much water do I need to put ramekins when cooking au bain marie in the oven?
Does marinating fish actually help the spices get in its flesh?
Why does my cake rise more in the center?
Why does the roux separate from my gumbo?
Pizza in Oven : Bottom/Mid/Top
What is the shelf life of Ultra Clear rice protein powder?
How do I substitute stevia for sorbitol?
Can you extend the life of frying oil with lettuce?
Why do apples, when placed in a cool environment for extended periods of time, form a 'waxy' layer on their skins
Calibrating a home gas oven
Can I freeze hot soup?
How to recognize fizzy wine?
How to determine quality of spices
How do I clean this silicone tray?
How can I clean this cooking pan?
Is it safe to overcook beef or other meat?
When to add seasoning to oven-baked french fries?
Will paprika taste good in my soup?
How can I identify quality bacon?
What makes bacon chewy?
How can I get my bacon flatter?
How can I get my bacon less salty?
Can I can bacon?
Why does bacon curl?
How can I cure and store bacon in a warm climate?
How can I specify the correct type of bacon in the US?
What is it that makes bacon so delicious?
Turkey bacon a good stand-in for bacon?
Is “ghee” clarified butter or beurre noisette?
Can you use just egg yolks when recipe asks for eggs?
What are the bubbles on the surface of cooking bacon?
Troubleshooting my Bavarian Creme
Does chocolate syrup need to be refrigerated?
Should I pour off the liquified fat while cooking bacon?
What are those black fibers in my mango?
Can I cook with fire?
How long will food last in a refrigerator that is turned off?
Can you really keep feta for 3 months in a milk bath?
What happens to an acorn squash when its skin turns orange?
Madhur Jaffrey recipes - Indian/traditional names?
Can vegetables be roasted at lower temperatures?
How do I calculate the nutritional values of a recipe?
What's the source of the sweetness in tomato sauce that's simmered for at least four hours?
Best substitute for Gin
What type of tea should I use to make Thai Iced Tea?
how to ensure carrot pieces stay longer in the refrigerator?
Converting to a 2 quart slow cooker
Can string cheese be frozen?
electric smoking 2 pork loins, increase time and or temp?
Why are dark roast beans usually used for espresso?
Which brewing method extracts more flavors from the coffee bean?
How can I make carrot cake more fruity and fresh?
Purpose of condensed milk in mango ice cream?
Why do my macarons become lopsided?
Grind coffee with a blade grinder for a moka pot?
What is the difference between pectin and pectin NH?
How do I pick artichokes for deep frying?
Breading/Crumbing Chicken in their own eggs
Why is meat red?
Forgot to add sugar to cookies
What precautions should be taken while cooking a thin steak?
Can I add extra eggs instead of xanthan gum?
Is it worth tearing lettuce for salad?
How do I replicate the unique crispiness of Korean fried chicken?
Can any KitchenAid stand mixer attachments be used to make peanut butter?
What is the cellular activity behind massaged greens?
How can I improve the texture of my home-made sausages?
What is the difference between a wilted salad and a massaged salad?
What is the shelf life of a garlic bulb, with the "skin" still on, left in the fridge?
Can I put a disposable aluminum pan directly over a burner?
How do you know if stone-ground flour is truly milled with stones?
Too much water in box cake mix batter. Can it be fixed?
How to prevent pureed blueberries from gelling?
How do I prevent tomatoes from falling in a green salad?
Does chopping vegetables remove vitamins?
How to make crispy French fries?
Identifying quality fruits/vegetables at a farmers market
How best to store roast coffee beans?
What can be used as an alternative for Applesauce?
How to make a chocolate fudge/syrup sauce that does not freeze?
Waffle iron with changeable plates for butter galettes
Soft Boiled Egg Science
Toaster oven features - convection/rotisserie
Chocolate used for decoration
Why is there sugar in a seven-layer salad?
How can you prevent the lettuce from wilting if covered with something hot?
How to properly make maple foam?
Metal cutlery food pairing
Why is water often added to the eggs when making omelettes?
What to do with old coffee beans?
Is it normal for potatoes to look like they are 'shedding'?
semi-freezing ripe avocado for easier handling
Is salt needed for a souffle to rise?
Lost in translation: Pluma ibérico
How can I speed up cooking risotto?
What is the closest substitute for the cheese in urnebes?
Why is mixing good whiskey with cola/ginger ale frowned upon?
Shelf life of soft or medium boiled eggs?
What meats can I serve medium rare and why?
How should I layer the ingredients in a taco salad?
About Farm Chicken
What's the difference between Prosciutto, Jamon Serrano and Speck?
Are there any yeast-less breads that can be used as sandwich bread?
Substituting mayonaise for vegetable oil
What cut of short rib do I have, and how do I prepare them?
Which type of chilli peppers for which cuisine?
Haddock Falling Apart
Dissolving Egg Shell
Flavor and Chemical Composition of Thyme
To achieve maximum flavour is it better to cut or tear basil leaves?
How to wash vegetables without running water?
How can I make the tops of my macarons smooth?
Why must potato salad be placed in the refrigerator before serving?
Where to rent vacuum chamber?
Making Malt-Free Bread
Heated up oil for frying, stirred it, tiny bubbles appeared and rose slowly but with very loud popping sound - why?
Whiskey and Water
Can meat and cheese be stored together?
How to choose appropriate drinkware for cocktails?
Does liquid glucose contain as much fructose as high fructose corn syrup?
Is it possible to cook semolina or rice with milk in the microwave?
How can I infuse alcohol with 'fragile' herbs?
Shaken, not stirred...but why?
Does gin "bruise"?
What is the purpose of bitters in cocktails?
Is there any difference between cheap and expensive vodka?
Is "angostura" (as in bitters) a flavor?
How can I smoothly sugar the rim?
Do breadcrumbs really act as a binder in meat preparations?
Does using frozen coconut milk lead to poorer consistency than canned?
Substitute rabbit in chicken recipes?
How do packet cake mixes get their lightness without creaming butter and sugar?
Keeping crushed ice from melting, without it joining back together
How to quickly prepare snails?
Is it possible to create this low calorie high fiber brownies?
How should I use lime leaves when making Thai green curry?
Is ginger a good substitute for galangal in Thai green curry?
Does placing a metal spoon in an open bottle of sparkling wine (etc.. .) help keep its fizz?
Is there anything gained by butterfly cutting a hot dog for grilling?
How do I calculate the final acidity of homemade vinegar?
First time dashi doesn't taste much
Unique Sweat dish recipe required for GOLAB JAMBO
What type of whetstones are you using for sharpening stainless steel knives?
What are the benefits of stewing on the hob over cooking in the oven?
How to avoid herbs getting burnt in the oven
What is "rendered chicken fat"?
Cast iron, forged iron or carbon steel pan for induction?
Is there a difference in the ease of seasoning cast iron, forged iron, and carbon steel?
Should I BBQ chicken on foil?
Lemon vs lime in choc chip cookie recipe
What happens if I wash my baker's couche?
What is ground red pepper?
Are the Keurig K-Cups safe?
Are there alternatives to okra as a thickening agent?
Can a broiler function as a grill substitute when making kebabs?
Should I crush the spice for Chai Tea Latte?
How long will a vanilla bean stay potent?
What is the difference between "vanilla" and "Mexican vanilla"
Does vanilla really bring out the flavour of other foods?
Steak qualities/beef grades in Canada?
Is it possible to make homemade yogurt using chocolate milk?
What would be a good substitute for coconut milk in curry sauces?
Is there such a thing as pumpernickel flour?
Increase lifetime of homemade chocolates
Why do some recipes claim to "never fail"?
Can sour cream be made the same way as yogurt?
Bar ware - What kind of glass is this?
Does an avocado seed help guacamole stay green?
How can I stop my cheese seizing?
When can artificial vanilla extract be used in place of real vanilla extract?
Tomato pasta sauce splits. Why?
What is the acceptable vanilla:vodka range for homemade vanilla extract?
What makes bourbon a decent substitute for vanilla?
Storing unused portion of red onion
What is the most effective method to mince candied ginger?
Does using a sponge in a brioche make a difference?
How much is a bunch of spinach?
How do I make my sorbet thicker?
Can vanilla pods be blended into a paste?
How can I save this vanilla extract?
Mashing bananas for Muffins: By hand or with blender?
When cooking steak should the fat inside be cooked?
Is there really a difference by throwing the vanilla pod in as well?
Had a small oven fire, how do i get the smoke smell out of the oven?
Why do steamed avocados taste like eggs?
Balancing out saffron taste, chlorine/latex taste
How to chill a compote?
Thinning Tomato paste
Cooking Chemistry: lemon juice/soymilk buttermilk substitute turning bitter and 'rising'
My olive oil didn't solidify in the fridge. Is it fake?
What does it mean to broil 4 inches from the heat for x minutes?
Cooking Sweet Potatos in the Microwave
How can I make crispy chips?
What meat should be used for Bolognese?
Using nuts in pavlova meringue
What is the 'best' flour to use for brownies?
Is having an extending blade near the knife handle a serious risk when cutting food?
What is the best technique to put icing on plastic?
How to cook chicken franks?
What is the difference between a gugelhupf pan, a bund(t) pan and a rodon pan?
Is it incorrect when someones says you can lower acidity with sweetness?
What is the lowest possible temperature for stewing meat?
Cooking dried corn
Why does making instant coffee in the microwave taste burnt?
How can I add yogurt to a quickbread recipe?
Baking time difference in pyrex versus metal
Why is my zucchini bread mushy?
When and why would one infuse flavor into sugar for baking?
Fixing Sticky Seasoning on Cast-Iron Pan
How can I use these new findings on tomatoes to my advantage?
Eating food from a slightly rusting cast iron dutch oven...is it safe?
Would a fruit cocktail flavoured cake work?
How can I make a BBQ sauce from my dry rub?
Can I use this dutch oven on a grill or camp fire?
How can I prevent cross-contamination when applying a dry or wet rub to meat?
How to cook common bean in mess tin in campfire during hikers camp ? Possible?
Safety of old, unopened bottles of ketchup
My banana Muffins won't rise like I want - Why?
What kind of pan works best with a waterbath?
Spaghetti sauce consistency / coating noodles
Is the double boiling canning procedure really necessary?
Is there a practical way to make belgian fries for four at home?
Why pressure cook rasmalai?
How can I make Turkish dondurma?
What was wrong with my Ohio Shaker Lemon Pie?
What is the ideal coffee temperature for tiramisu?
Lard (or other fat) as a subsitute for butter in desserts for someone with a dairy allergy?
How to make chapattis round and of same thickness?
Are oven bags anything more than disposable dutch ovens?
How do I cut out the vein/tendon from a chicken breast tendorloin?
How to measure a cup of "solid" ingredient?
How do I make a frappuccino less watery?
What can I use to replace the tomato juice in gazpacho?
What oven should I buy, which is appropriate for baking?
It is safe to store celery in aluminum foil?
What is the meaning of reconstituted juice?
How to estimate amount of all purpose flour for roux?
Right way to defrost roux
How do I care for a carbon steel knife?
preserving dehydrated foods prepared with citric acid, honey or syrup
How do beets bake up in flour?
Why does my cheese sauce taste like flour/paste?
What temperature should milk be when adding to roux?
Can I substitute duck breast for leg?
How can I get a more homogenous Bavarian cream?
How do you grill meat and potatoes so that they finish at the same time?
How long is sugar (mixed with minor ingredients) good for?
Cooking times and temperatures for whole fish on the grill?
What is the correct flour, sugar, butter ratio for crumble?
What is special about pork that makes it so suitable for curing?
How do I melt the chocolate in a s'more?
Where did the idea of using alcohol in pie crust come from?
Where is a good place to buy food coloring in bulk?
Sticky and unmanagable sourdough
What kinds of frostings have a lighter texture?
Is it possible to have chocolate chunks in ice cream that aren't waxy?
Why doesn't acacia honey crystallize?
Can I pasteurize milk using a microwave?
How much oats to put in crumble topping?
How to prevent my roux from sticking to the bottom of the pan?
how to have fresh steamed bluecrabs in the late afternoon that I buy live in the morning
Does butter reduce perceived sweetness?
Grapefruit recipe substitute to avoid medicine interaction?
How do I recognize whether a Gorgonzola has gone bad?
How can I make a vanilla ganache which does not taste of white chocolate?
I left stock out to cool overnight. Is it safe to use?
Water content of salted butter
Why did my gumbo stored in a metal pot refrigerated overnight change?
Can I use a waffle iron as a Panini press?
How prepared should a baked dessert be before a long transport?
Spring rolls splitting when frozen
Is a "cup" on a coffee maker always 6 oz? Is this a standard in the US?
Is it okay to use aluminium foil instead of parchment paper while baking cookies?
Why is my homemade pork sausage rubbery?
Is steam lost in boiling negligible?
Do I need to baste an injected turkey?
Can I substitute Ener-G Egg Replacer with Orgran No Egg?
Mixing liquid ingredients to "just combine" to dry ingredients for muffins
How to Make Canned Coconut Milk Separate
How can I keep my jam from overcooking while I process it?
Which BBQ grill is better: cast iron or steel
Replacement for pop rocks?
What are the preferred uses for different sharpness of cheddar cheese?
How safe is it to harvest wild sassafras?
How much experience is needed to work in a restaurant?
Copper/Bronze Frying Pans?
Sponge cake: excessive cooking time
How to get glacé icing right on a cake?
Soaking liver in milk: in or out of the fridge?
How to make a New York cheesecake with a super creamy, silky texture?
How to trim a cake so it's level?
How do I make raw peanut butter creamy?
Are Garlic cloves supposed to be put as whole or as chopped up pieces in a soup?
Aged steaks cooked as medium but came out looking well done
Short term storage of bechamel
How to convert normal sponge to chocolate sponge
Cocoa vs chocolate
Recreating a Mexican spice blend I have bought
Cooling and diluting over-reduced stock down with cold water
How to make softer scones?
Why do my teriyaki steaks come out hard and dry?
How do I know when fish cooked in parchment or salt is done?
Pan frying chicken breasts?
Can water cause fermented pickles to spoil?
baking cupcakes in a commercial sized pan?
Japanese cold soba broth?
Why do chicken wings turn chewy if cooled between cookings?
How to fry crispy bananas?
Why does oil change the color of salmorejo?
Can I leave a cake / cupcakes frosted with cream cheese frosting out on the counter?
Vertical Smoker Cooking Times
how to freeze individual chicken pot pies
Pickles are really salty (lactic fermenation)
Thinning copper-bottomed staninless pot
Is it worth roasting my own red peppers?
Knife cleaning: safe to do without soap?
How to peel bell peppers effectively?
How to avoid the rhubarb teeth effect?
Is it true that good pistachio nuts should have yellowish shell, purplish skin and greenish flesh?
How do you wash fruit and veggies effectively?
What can I use as an alternative sweetener for smoothies?
Can salmonella show up in a raw-egg product once it has already been made?
Troubles with quinoa consistency
How do I make home-made Vietnamese or thai rice noodles?
What is the sign of mozzarella being old?
Uses of kohaishu vs santoku
How to choose an upright, self-defrosting freezer?
Can I make pickled eggs that don't require refrigeration?
How do I prevent filled pretzels from blowing out?
How to prevent a cookie from becoming spongy like a cake?
Preventing chocolate from burning, when its used as the crust of a New York style cheesecake
Steaks look light brown aren't charing
Where does the chlorine taste in yogurt come from?
What's a good way to taste a variety of alcoholic beverages?
Why do people recommend cream of tartar when whipping egg whites to the exclusion of all other acids?
To freeze or not to freeze?
Effects of reducing sugar in cookies
What's the best material for a durable muffin pan
How accurate is the window pane test? (breadmaking)
Breaking down fruit with sugar and water for cookies
Is it normal for ginger paste to spit violently in oil?
What turned my garlic purple?
Kirby Cucumber Storage
Why is my Bunn overflowing?
Are nectarine seeds edible?
What is the name of the Chinese dish from the movie "Girl with a Pearl Earring"?
How can I prevent my ice cream bucket from drying out?
Separating Chlorophyll didn't work
How to clean scrambled eggs from a pan?
How can I get unsweetened gluten-free chocolate brownies to hold together?
Large mesh cheesecloth? Straining pulp (not juice) from plums for jam
Cored tomatoes measured before or after coring?
Is there a general algorithm for calculating the amount of time to roast meat for?
How do I substitute skim milk for dry milk in a muffin recipe?
Large quantities of sushi rice in a rice cooker?
How do I balance the bitterness of raddichio in soup?
Why is it that white fish do not have as strong of a "fishy" taste as other fish?
gooseberry "turnover" filling very thick
Do I need to grease, grease-proof paper?
What kinds of pressure cookers are there, and what are they good for?
Do I have to use butter in a "butter yellow cake?"
Storing bechamel sauce
What is a good book about soup?
Is it possible to make soymilk without a "beany" taste?
Melting chocolate
Why won't my potatoes crisp?
Can most sour fruits be jelled by cooking with sugar?
Why does my cocoa syrup overflow?
How to imitate commercial fried chicken?
Cleaning bacon in new cast iron
Turkish delight: cornstarch or gelatine?
cheese fondue not binding
Is Casu Marzu illegal in the United States?
What cost-effective things can I do to help my knives stay sharp longer?
Make tomato sauce from fresh tomatoes?
Does it make sense to refrigerate the dough made for Parathas to be used after 8 hours?
Why was my Danish pastry dough so wet?
What makes a hot dog a hot dog?
What is the difference between light and dark soy sauce?
Can I preserve the shelf-life of a cannoli?
What happens if you cook pureed pancakes?
What is this fruit?
How do I learn to cut/chop ingredients?
Finding the right cooking classes?
Why did my nougat burn?
Why does my olive oil smoke/burn when I fry with it?
How to mimic Giordano's Pizza CRUST at home ? (part 1)
How to mimic Giordano's Pizza SAUCE? (Part 2)
Where can I buy Prime Beef?
How hot do charcoal grills get?
Meringue seems to fail at piping stage
Cooking temperature and time adjustments for cooking several whole fish in a conventional oven?
What's this "pucker" style hole on my cheese grater for?
How to store Parmesan cheese?
How long should I let a tea with lemongrass steep?
Can I use gelatine in Creme Brulee
Melting sugar on creme brulee with blow torch
How can I chill ice coffee quickly?
My sous vide chicken is tough and stringy - did I cook it too long, or too little?
Are there any scientific advantages to using a cork to stop a wine bottle?
What can I do with lots of plain sweetened yogurt?
Chinese rice vermicelli tastes of chemicals
Will soaking chicken in milk hurt the chicken
How to find a good sweet potato fry cutter?
Is it possible to subsititute nutella for peanut butter?
What should I look for when buying a pasta roller?
Chicken marinade with soy sauce - have I done something wrong?
What kind of fuel do I use for a Hario TCA/50A coffee syphon?
How to take canned beans out of jar?
What does it mean when a recipe calls for coring a tomato?
What would be an appropriate gluten-free substitute for breadcrumbs?
can Tilapia replace salmon in recipes and taste good?
Roasted potatoes: should they be dry?
Is a vacuum strictly necessary for sous-vide cooking?
How long does it take for milk to spoil unrefrigerated?
Over cooking shiitake mushrooms?
How to choose good quality Chinese slicer knives?
Canning in a Pressure Cooker
How to substitute oranges in a mango mousse recipe?
How to make chocolate cups with swirls?
Buying chocolate transfer sheet
Does whiskey go bad by freezing?
How do I effectively rub spices into fish?
Food safety after pork loin left in crock pot that was turned off
How to substitute unsweetened baker's chocolate for powdered cocoa in cake recipe
Why did my grandfather-in-law salt his beer?
how do you rest your steak after cooking
Cleaning burr coffee grinder
Espresso tamping technique
Clumpy yogurt conundrum
How to substitute chicken broth in a vegetarian soup?
How can I prevent my Béarnaise sauce from thickening over night?
Why didn't my clarified herb butter solidify?
Smoked a chicken and the skin came out like boot leather
Is it a good idea to grind dried oregano with a mortar and pestle?
Can I make white chocolate brownies based on a normal brownie recipe?
Can you premake mojitos?
What is the difference between a biscuit and a roll?
Why is my pastry cream (custard) grainy?
Yellow Hot Dog Relish
What does "rap" mean for brownies recipe?
What would give Swiss Chard a gritty texture?
What knife and cutting technique should I use for cubing bacon?
How to choose fresh, ripe (hot) jalapeños?
Make Jello as firm as agar-agar
Veloute consistency after being refrigereted
Recommend Indian cookbooks for a beginner/intermediate amateur
Stew in the oven or on the stove, does it make a difference?
How to salt potatoes?
Does this picture accurately describe different kind of coffee?
Homemade Truffle Salt
Roasted chickpeas for houmous?
How to get more flavor out of dried herbs?
How do you dry homemade lollipops so that they are no longer sticky?
Court-bouillon: Why delay adding the wine and vinegar?
How do I maximize the shelf life of my homemade hot sauce?
Wine selection when dining on horse meat?
How can I filter out unwanted particles in my chicken broth?
Döner Kebab Spices?
How do you get the smell of fish off your hands?
Does freezing butter or margarine change the properties?
How do you tell if pickles/cucumbers have gone bad
Does using flaked salt make a difference when using it in cooking?
Why boil milk in desserts
At what point should carrots be thrown away?
Can dry ice in a liquid poison you?
How many eggs in a Mille Crêpes Cake?
Whats a good light or fat free substitution for sour cream?
What are some good homemade foods that are the easiest to prepare?
How do you get a poached egg to coagulate evenly and professionally?
Cake Balls with Callebaut chocolate
What makes creme brulee set?
Low-sodium alternatives for Asian cooking sauces?
What is the lowest and slowest way I can bake pork ribs?
Why does some cake make your tongue thick, and how to prevent it?
Lime on Fish tastes Bitter
How firm a bite should Ptitim (pearl couscous) have?
Can I use southeast asian fish sauce as a marinade?
Sausage made of cheese and meat?
How is the chai tea latte in Starbucks made?
What counters astringency?
How to get cracks in my ginger molasses cookies
What can I do to " fresh cream" to substitute "double cream"?
Why punch down knead free bread?
What are the key ingredients in Worcester Sauce?
Sourcing and storing avocado
Tricks to mask the burnt flour taste
Making flour tortillas softer and more elastic
Making Nutella flow Smoothly
How to unbake a cake?
Why is there no sweet (as in 'with sugar') butter?
How long will double cream stay whipped?
How to prepare a ginger lime drink mixer?
What is the brown sauce in authentic Chinese fried rice?
Why did my Tiramisu Cake become dry?
How long will ground beef stay good after being frozen?
Can I whisk macaron batter like meringue?
Does English Breakfast Tea equal Assam Tea?
Why are red wine glasses wider than white wine glasses?
What is a good way for a beginner to start sous vide cooking?
What makes a torpedo roll unique
What is the difference in flavor between a fermented pickle and a vinegar pickle?
What does kansui do to dough in noodle making?
Can I safely freeze my yogurt marinated chicken?
Are spores an issue in sauteed pepper storage when you add garlic?
French Rolling Pin Care and Maintenance
How do I prevent burning the bottom of the bread when cooking over a campfire?
What's the difference between pink tea and other types of tea?
What is the difference between green, white and black tea?
Concentrated Yerba Mate
Where do I buy a large amount of dried vegetables?
What would you use to wash pretzel hot dog buns?
Beans Cultured with Yogurt
Any tips for degassing blended soup?
How do I get the ground spices to mix into my curry?
Why do we boil whole spices when making masala tea?
Salad ingredients: how to pick them at the market?
Fastest Way To Cook Bottom Round Roast
Can agar-agar be used in fondant icing in place of gelatin?
How can I make my crinkles less dry?
Does coffee in a cafe press keep brewing after being 'squeezed'?
Why should I add salt to my curries?
How can I avoid cakes to turn into jelly?
Will steaming fish cause salt to come out or cause fish to fry in its own fat?
How can I efficiently make single-serve porridge?
Removing hair from pork belly
Reheating in the oven: why and how?
How long should I cook boned shoulder of Lamb?
Fat content in homemade stock
Mixing liquid margarine and water
Why does my buttercream become runny overnight?
Adapting waffle recipe into mix
By what reactions do moisture and light steal away my coffee's freshness?
Should I separate grape skins when making jam?
Can regular sugar be substituted for maple sugar?
Is there a way to safely can pesto sauce?
Do I need to wipe/clean my knife after sharpening/honing?
Hand operated can sealer
What are some methods to deal with cleanliness when working with raw chicken, pork, etc.?
Does pasta dough really need to rest?
What does al dente really mean?
How can I get homemade yoghurt to thicken properly?
Honey-glazed gammon (ham) - What to serve with it?
What to use for chocolate flavouring?
How to use stock from tablet
Are sesame greens served raw, or cooked?
What is it about milk that makes it go well with cookies?
Using Pam on a Gas Grill
Keeping ripe pears for canning later
How can I prevent tea stored in a thermos from oversteeping?
Is the caramel recipe wrong, or is it my technique?
What is the name of this dish involving fruit & sugar - blended and baked thin and flat?
How to reduce the chewiness of fruit leather
What is the correct internal temperature for rabbit meat?
What to do with too-bitter sorbet?
Preserve cut potatoes
Dough Too Wet - what to do?
Recommendations for leak proof containers?
How long can olives be left out of the refrigerator?
How long will my pepper relish last, and how can I stretch it out?
Coating to make waffle cones withstand hot liquid?
Chicken: take meat off bone before or after cooking?
Why are my pomegranate seeds white?
How long will infused alcohol last?
What varieties of beans are high in calories?
Will marinating chicken for 18 hours make the meat fall apart?
Kimchi juice to aid lactic fermentation of half-sour pickles
What is the proportion of edible meat in whole live mussels?
Why does my walnut cake fall?
Soaking starches in water for better frying
Use of robotics in gourmet kitchens
What red wine goes with fish?
How do restaurants chop up garlic?
How do I determine the cut of a pork steak prior to purchasing it?
How come mere water buffalo milk and lemon juice mixture turn into yogurt?
Is it safe to keep Carpaccio in a refrigerator for 24 hours?
What can I do with dried chipotle chillies?
Would smoked chicken work well in paella?
What preparation is done to banana peppers?
Bad tasting mussels and avoiding buying them
How do I know if a given pickle recipe is meant for long-term storage?
Does soaking almonds have the same effect as blanching and removing the skins when making almond milk?
Why is my green tea brown?
Tuna Alternatives
Can I substitute 70% chocolate for unsweetened chocolate in a cake recipe?
When a recipe calls for a can of condensed soup, is the water implied?
Potato parts in the oven
Toasting spices with and without oil
Can I freeze stock and can later?
What is the right use of bake and broil?
Which Korean dishes are typically hottest?
My pizza crust is very hard and tough and not light and crispy, why?
Why does apples bought at the market feel sticky?
Getting dog meat to taste as close to steak as possible?
What can I do to fix store-bought mayonnaise that split?
Can I follow recipes for bread-machine breads without bread machine?
Should I not sear and broil eye of round the way that I do filet mignon or chuck tenderloin?
Too big tin for meringue cake recipe. How to solve?
How long do meatballs in sauce need to be heated in a crock pot?
What's the purpose of adding water to an egg wash?
Why does my dough never "fall" after its first rise?
For equal volumes water and sugar, what is the ratio of separated volume vs. combined?
Good thread for tying meat
How can I clean white burn marks in the center of my glass top burner?
Marinating in yogurt
Why didn't my jello set?
Cabbage Slaw w/ Teriyaki?
How much salt is absorbed by meat during brining?
What are some good reasons for why people make homemade pasta?
Is this video showing an exception of the common wisdom that you shouldn't cook with EVOO?
Cooking minced/ground beef with a jar of sauce
Can grocery store chocolate be used as chocolate coating?
When should I ditch a pot with teflon?
How is it that (temperature) heat makes some seasonings and foods (spicy) hotter, but mellows others?
Mozzarella. Obtaining buffalo milk from whole milk and heavy cream
How to fry in a wok without burning oil?
Sous-vide without a pump using convection?
What is the difference between baking bread in a loaf pan made of stoneware vs metal vs iron cast?
How hard is it to make fudge?
Whole chicken roasting time
Which type of fat to make fudge?
Clarification on the process for making fudge
Use water or milk in a tart crust?
Culinary use for the green parts of lemongrass?
Azuki Bean Substitute for Anpan
Complementary taste to elderberry ice cream?
I'm trying to make yogurt, but it won't turn out. Can someone help?
Cooking two pieces of meat in pressure cooker
How do you add ingredients to fudge without stiring it?
When is the best time to use my sourdough starter?
What can substitute Korean malt syrup?
How do you make popcorn with "indian corn"
What is the purpose of sugar in baking plain bread?
How do I keep fruit from sinking to the bottom of my cake?
Is wasabi considered to be spicy or to be a spice?
Softening ice cream with guar gum
What kind of herbs are common in Italian dishes?
How to keep vegetables and herbs fresh for longer?
Are refried beans supposed to be slimy and nasty smelling?
Is Consumer Reports really correct about 6 parts water to 1 part rice?
What is sourdough bread?
Safety of glues in wooden chopping boards
How should we divide the recipe ingredient?
Can avocado act as an egg replacement for vegan bread
Replacing agar-agar with gelatin
Why do we soak and squeeze gelatine?
How do I use a French Press to make coffee?
How do I extract coconut milk from coconut meat?
Ratios in traditional Thai peanut curry recipes
Is it worth making Thai red curry paste from scratch
Keeping left-over pan sauces longer?
What should I do with candied citron?
Would cooked quinoa stay overnight?
How to prevent food colouring changing the taste of food?
Is slow cooking for 24+ hours safe?
Why do my cookies fall flat and not cook on the bottom?
How is it that zinfandel can taste spicy?
What to do with leftover egg whites?
What’s the sulfur in dumplings for?
Soaking pulses overnight: safety vs refrigeration
How long can frosting with butter, powdered sugar, salt, vanilla, and milk, that is covered with fondant be left out of the refrigerator?
Tortilla Espinoza — what is it and how do I make it?
Why put cinnamon in chili?
Is eating road kill a health-hazard?
Can I use microwave turntable glass plate in convection mode?
Is there an alternative and less toxic way to clean an oven than using oven spray?
How to bake without an oven?
Buckwheat flour. Can it be used for pizza dough, and what other uses/properties does it have?
When a recipe says, 'simmer uncovered', what's the issue?
Dangerous pathogens capable of growing in acidic environments
Did 150 °C (300 °F) ruin my cream sauce, or is it just overcooked, or fine?
Could it be bad black olive that I've eaten?
What is a economic way to store/buy ingredient for salad
What is the best way to chip your butter when making biscuits?
My Shrink Wrapped Steaks are Brown when I thaw them!
Trouble tempering Valrhona Couverture Manjari (64%) Chocolate
How to properly sauté mushrooms so that they don't release water?
Lots of liquid in bottom of wok when stir frying
How do I make cake batter from scratch without butter?
A substitute for carrageenan?
What's the difference between chutney and relish?
How to prevent my marshmallows from melting in my hot cocoa?
Rule of thumb for cooking multiple things in a microwave at the same time?
Can food be boiled "extra fast/hard" in water?
Can bright green avocados be ripe?
Should I store root vegetables with or without the dirt?
How to thicken a white wine sauce to drizzle over prawns?
Can Calcium Chloride be Used to Prevent Lentils from Bursting?
Looking for meat ingredient suggestions for a Yoghurt Cake recipe
To chop or to blend?
I have leftover baked chicken - can I reheat it on the grill?
Removing the skin from chicken before or after cooking?
Color change in duck meat!
In what situation could we use black garlic?
How do I know if my cast iron dutch oven is preseasoned?
Question on freezing lobster meat
Why do my Eisenhower Cookies turn out flat?
What is the best and fastest way to liquify Nutella chocolate spread?
How do I know if my salmon fish is cooked properly?
Slow cooker- can I turn up the heat
What oil/fat is best for basting sunny-side-up eggs?
What oil to use when cooking a salmon?
Would almond flour work for macarons?
Creating meal plans
How can you change the environmental factors to change the proportions of sourdough microbiological cultures?
What makes a bread either close or open crumbed/textured?
What is the correct ratio to make self-rising flour?
When to use "wine vinegar" vs just wine?
Does a double walled glass mug really keep the liquid warm?
Can texture affect taste?
Why isn't my homemade yogurt smooth?
Is there a way to lessen the unpleasant smell of steamed broccoli?
How to turn sugar syrup into sugaring wax?
What is albumin?
Difference between conventional oven with fan assisted and convection with fan assisted?
What is a substitute for half-and-half cream?
using polenta to make hamburger
What is the best substitute for Provolone?
Will storing blue cheese with other cheeses make them mold faster?
why use a pressure cooker for collagen to gelatin conversion?
How do I dehydrate hot peppers in the oven?
Is there enough pectin in Apples to make jam
What's the minimum amount of oil for making popcorn?
Is it possible to extract juice from bok choy and napa cabbage using a blender?
Are there other ways to extract juice from vegetable beside using a blender?
What are the swirling attachments for on mixers?
Can you make popcorn in a pressure cooker?
What's really happening when reusing tea leaves?
What is a "soup chicken"
vinegar in lollipops
What is 00 flour and when should I use?
how do I get the salt out of my chinese take out
What chemical processes occur in tea that spoil it after some time?
Why does tea become bitter if brewed too hot or too long?
Why might a cake collapse after cooking
How does double-bagging sous vide food affect cook time?
Why does my kamado ceramic grill fall out of it's stand when I open it?
Using a ceramic honing rod for Global knives?
Using a wooden spoon to prevent pots from boiling over?
Standardized symbols for marking food allergies / warnings?
Why did a receipe call for pouring boiling butter in egg-whites?
Ice cream technique - what should I mix into what?
Is there some trick to vacuum sealing broccoli?
Does cornstarch affect the pH of what I'm cooking?
Stockpot double as beer brewing pot
What are the odds that American household have a rice cooker?
What causes tea to be bitter, and how can I avoid that bitterness?
Can pressure canning be replaced water bath canning?
Why is garam masala in many curry paste/powder recipes?
Will cooking chicken longer in soup make it less tough and stringy?
What seasonal vegetable side dishes are appropriate for Hungarian Goulash?
Mixing cooking chocolate with normal chocolate
How do I sweeten a mulled or spiced wine that is too tart?
Best way to cut up a cheesecake into bites
Can you beat eggs inside their own shell?
Is Sous Vide Oil Infusion with fresh herbs or garlic a practical technique to avoid botulism risk?
How to get the correct expresso extraction amount, grind vs tamper
Lemon cake has no flavor
How to make cakes/scones that won't go off, for display purposes
Baking a cake in a microwave
PA style fried chicken with no breading or batter, just a thin amber color crisp coating
What's a good choice of steak to use for a steak pizza?
What exactly is a chowder?
How to get flour quesadilla light and crispy?
Why salt AND pepper and not salt and/or pepper
Cooking a chicken and vegetable curry using a curry paste
Substitute for Kirsch in Leckerli (Basel Lackerli) cookies?
What is the minimum ingredient to bake a bread?
Are mushy plums OK to use in cooking?
Baking with regular skillet vs. cast iron for apple pie
How do I eliminate Corn Meal "grittiness"?
Pulled noodle dough: how can you realign the gluten after a failed attempt to pull?
What can I do if I didn't process my salsa long enough?
Substituting oil in baking?
Vinegar softens the bite of raw onions?
Pumpkin Baby Food
Having trouble getting gluten free bread to rise
Converting stand mixing time to hand mixing
best way to preserve ricotta?
How to make round popcorn?
Udon Noodles break too easily
Egg yolks vs Whole eggs
What vegetables should I add to a japanese curry?
Can I substitute baking soda for kansui powder?
How to remove individual steaks from a lump I mistakenly froze together?
Sunken Moon Cakes
Saw this at my local chinese grocery
How to prevent curdling in a local vegan coffee creamer- aka- Post Apocalypse hippy coffee creamer?
Is there any dessert that needs a knife?
How can I make Pacman muffins?
Is it necessary to thaw bones before roasting for stock?
Which is better, baking in glass or metal?
How many people would a bushel of average sized blue crabs feed?
What methods are appropriate for preparing a 'chow chow' (chayote)?
Can I cool my toffee in the fridge?
Stove top Sushi rice - Which method?
Are there any recipe ingredients that scale in a non-uniform manner?
Finding good bamboo shoots
Can you make whipped cream with half and half?
Minimum temperature for slow roasting almonds
How to properly vacuum seal and freeze food that may stick together
Cooking a tender pork sirloin (Solomillo al Whisky)
How to properly clean a whiskey flask?
When is Slow Cooking done - time vs temperature of meat
Freezing things like Fettuccine Alfredo
How to store flour
Cinnamon Roll Filling
How to prevent bursting from cheese stuffed beef patties?
How to choose the right diameter size of saucepans?
How long do oven elements last under high usage?
Do cooks in the US measure volume using 'traditional' or 'legal' units?
Why do we need gelatin in our stocks?
How can I safely reuse tea?
Any other flour which can be used to replace Maida flour for chewy cakes?
What are these dark green spots inside raw eggs?
Is it bad to use lids that do not fit on pot?
Combating adverse effects of garlic and onions
Refreezing apple pie
How to Convert Blueberry Muffin Recipe to Vanilla Muffin Recipe
How long will homemade Pico de Gallo last in the refrigerator?
What are the effective ways to wrap a pita?
Cream puff shell shaping
What is the rind of Brie cheese made of?
Flavour espresso with vanilla without adding sugar or other sweetener?
Exactly what is "low heat" for making cheese sauce?
Which fuels (burning materials) can be used in a wood fired oven?
Will vacuum sealing an open bottle of wine make it like it was never opened?
How to determine the alcohol content of a mixed-drink?
Can I pre-cut sweet potatoes?
What type of cookies does the author Rose Levy talk about in Christmas cookies book?
What is the best way to store prepared raw vegetables
How many people does one rabbit feed?
Is it recommended to put frozen fruit in a food processor?
Do I finish a day-ahead sauce before or after refrigerating?
Tiramisu mixture not firm
How to make corn nuts from fresh corn on the cob
Basic process for making lasagna
How does the shape of an espresso cup affect the flavor?
How to reduce bitterness in silken tofu 'cream' soup?
What type of milk is used together with whole grain cereal?
In what ways does the size of the baking pan matter while baking cakes?
Need help reconciling quantities in this recipe
Do meat grinders need to have cutting blade
How do I reduce the acidity of homemade honey lemon juice?
How to get my croissant flakier and bigger? Is it possible to get a hollow inside?
Freeze cauliflower?
Why does readymade food always have so much flavor to it?
Can one get sick from drinking too much home made Water Kefir?
Can I freeze my selfmade focaccia?
How to create thick, hearty garlic marinara sauce?
What is the effect of adding alkaline or acidic substances to wheat flour?
Storing white chocolate
Why are my dumplings made of evil?
What is the "idea" behind thawing out meat?
What does the number mean in the specification for a mincer?
Can I replace milk with eggs in recipes?
Fixing oily chili
What cut of beef do most restaurants use for carving roasts
Why do US chicken taste "gamey"/rancid in no time despite proper storage?
How does adding baking soda to soaking beans/lentils reduce the gas they make you have?
What difference does the bar pressure makes in espresso coffee machines?
Is there a basic, universal recipe for cupcakes?
How to make glowing Jello without Tonic Water?
My chutney will not freeze, help!
Why does chewing gum sometimes change its texture
Where to buy food chemicals
Prepping to freeze, thaw and reheat
When is a Utility Knife to be preferred over a Chef's or a Paring knife?
How to chill and reheat three layer pork properly
What would cause heartburn in marinara sauce?
Differences between gel and gelatine
Stewing beef - how long is too long?
Can I use distilled white vinegar instead of white wine vinegar when making my own dressing for gifts?
Is "swimming in broth" a common cooking technique for pasta and broccoli rabe?
How to avoid fluffy pumpkin pie
I have an unopened package of mozzeralla cheese that is a month past it's "Best By" date, is it safe to eat?
Is there a way to save cookies that were baked without flour?
How can I thicken this cranberry-pepper jelly?
How to shell a coconut without breaking the seed?
Is it safe to eat green onion slime?
Tea cup residue
Chicken carne asada marinade
When macerating apples to use in a pie, what should you do with the liquid?
Solution for uneven heating on an electric coil stovetop
Substituting fresh shitake mushrooms for dried
Does repeating freeze -> chill -> freeze -> chill spoil yogurt?
How to cook very large Brussels sprouts?
Do I have to tie my turkey legs together?
How to use a bottom concave ebelskiver (Æbleskiver) pan on a glass cook-top stove?
Double key lime pie filling and increase from 9" to 10" shell, new baking time?
What are some of the best ways to shell an egg?
How to make salt in burger permeate throughout the entire meat?
When to prefer yogurt, cream, and coconut milk in an Indian vegetarian dish to make it creamy?
How to know if frozen clams are good when cooked
Cuisinart 12 cup coffee maker - How many grams of ground coffee to make a full strong drip pot?
Preventing Crystalised Dairy Ice Cream
How do you tell whether a lobster is cooked?
How do I add guar gum when making ice cream?
How can I get my cream pie to set?
Apple pie making...how to add the crumble crust on top of the mound of raw apples?
How long can I store cooked rice in the refrigerator?
How can two pies made and baked identically have differing flavor qualities?
Chicken on a Brinkmann Smoker N Grill
Can tomato paste be substituted for tomato purée?
Should you wait certain amount of time after steak reaches 170 degrees internal temperature
How do I know when my stock is done cooking?
Off flavor whipped cream from an ISI charger
How can you make a lot of water come out of chicken by freezing and denaturing it?
What ingredients should be avoided in stock?
Nutrient impact of squeezing water out of frozen chopped spinach
Pork shoulder discoloured in the freezer to a greenish grey colour. What happened?
What piece of veal should I ask a butcher/meat shop in the US if I want to do stew dishes like "blanquette de veau" or "veau marengo"?
PH and sour / acid taste
Why did my brown beef stock end up yellow?
Chocolate Cream Pie using coconut cream or Coconut milk?
Ceramic vs Stainless Steel in coffee mugs
Cooking tips for elk sausage
If a chicken has released a lot of moisture due to freezing, will these cause soup water to flow back in due to pore enlargement?
Moving cast iron from fridge to stove
Alcohol evaporation
Is there a standard and accesible "health" authority
What is this pan called, and what is it used for?
Uncooked meatballs out in crockpot all day?
Where can I find a recipe for less-dense coconut bread?
Do some breeds of chicken have particularly red meat when cooked?
Why didn't my turkey stock gelatinize?
How to make flavoured salt for potato chips
Basil Pesto and Cream Cheese dip
differences between cooktop, range and stove?
On an electric stove, does the smaller burner produce fewer BTUs than the larger burner?
What are the alternatives to fresh apple juice?
Is there a definitive way to know if a tin can is lined with BPA?
How to make stronger colors in three part pannacotta?
Prevent scrambled eggs from sticking to stainless steel
Understanding the steps to prepare sushi rice
Cochinita Pibil
Why would heating left-overs in a ring heat them more evenly?
Can I use my oven for sous-vide
Which are recipes for "rolled fondant"?
What is Black Vinegar?
Panda Express style Chow Mein
Can I sous-vide meat (at a temperature between 40ºF and 140ºF) for more than four hours?
Gyuto knife - What it can & can't cut? What cutting techniques?
How old is a chicken when it's time to be cooked?
Jar lids popping several times
What is the maximum time for which the dough should be allowed to rest before making Parathas?
roasted garlic vs. raw
Squeezing excess water from seaweed
Put pork in crock pot and accidentally set to warm
What characteristics should a bread peel have?
Does blending oil (for vegan butter) make hydrogenated oil?
Can I use mulled wine for deglazing a beef stew?
Why isn't the beef fat in my chili melting?
How much bones can be used in an 11 liter stock pot?
Oil separating from fried onion/spice mixture, why does it happen?
Is the rapid ice bath chill post-sous vide actually necessary when putting the meat/fish in the freezer?
Cooking thawed fish when it says cook from frozen?
Why are my cookies SO sticky?
Is there additional risk in cooking meat sous-vide from frozen?
How to cook good "arepas"?
How do I add healthy fats to my daughter's diet?
How do I properly freeze a frosted cake?
Proper cook times for mushrooms, onions, and peppers
Disposable cookware
Baileys ice cream stabilizer
Why do the inserts in pasta pots not go all the way to the bottom?
Can you put All-Clad LTD2 in the oven?
Should I boil beef for burgers before marinating?
What is the procedure to dry out Fenugreek leaves?
Why do we need to soak dry Fenugreek leaves in warm water, and then sprinkle salt over them?
Why is my first batch of cookies out of the oven too flat?
How can I store truffles?
Does marinading preserve food's freshness
Rabbit Substitute?
How can I grind coffee without a coffee grinder?
How can i decorate homemade dog biscuits?
What are the different types of flours used in cooking Idly, Dosa, Halwa, Ladoo and Upma?
How do they extract kernels from sunflower seeds in mass production?
What causes the sugar to turn grainy after I have cooked it for a glaze or cooking it with butter for carmelizing?
How can I make my turkey gravy look darker and richer?
How long does lotus root stay fresh?
What is the effect of poaching fish in milk?
How to add water/milk to the sunny side up eggs?
How to create a nut roast and stuffing that don't taste and feel too similar
How to make a Hungarian Túró Rudi at home?
How to store homemade bread?
What is size 2 pasta?
what happens when you whisk sugar with oil?
What causes the texture difference between Greek style yogurt and regular yogurt?
How to bone lamb breast
How to make my meringues less sticky?
Why would pumpkin pie form a clear custard layer?
Kimchi / Mo-Chu Ka-roo?
Brown Blob in natural maple syrup?
Eggnog to Spirit ratio?
Substitute pig trotter for powdered gelatine in an aspic
Why do cinnamon sticks taste sweet?
How to make cookies without using greaseproof paper or a baking tin?
Big Chicken vs Small Chicken: weight and stuffing volume ratios
sourdough bread making-without bakers yeast
Finding a balanced cheese table
How much sorrel is safe to eat, and does cooking affect this amount?
How to prepare french fries?
Pork shoulder low slow cook time
The best way to roast silverside of beef in th oven?
how many kWs does it take to bake a cake?
How can I make my fried potatoes not fall apart?
How do you know when a baked potato is done?
leaving steak out over night
Office (Loose Leaf) Tea Solution
how to improve the consistency of my pizza sauce
how to seal a pizza stone
Slow Cooker & Fat - Blend it back in?
How can I prevent coconut cream from curdling in a soda drink?
Mortar and Pestle: Granite vs Porcelain
After how long is boiled milk tea consumable?
Can almond milk be used as a sauce base?
Home-make yogurt: add sugar / something else with the starter?
Storing and re-using rendered duck fat
Do I need to boil kidneys?
How is UHT milk heated to a high temperature for only 1–2 seconds?
What is the difference between tomato puree, paste and sauce?
Is using chocolate instead of royal icing for a gingerbread house more difficult?
Why is my toffee grainy in cracker-toffee "Crack"?
Chocolate bars - Actual shelflife vs expiration date
can this spritz cookie dough be saved
Slow cooked lamb
Greaseproof paper
Traditional panettone size & volume?
What ingredient changes will make this cookie dough more workable?
How to prevent burning when frying bread?
Plain chocolate Chips same as semi sweet chips
Trick to making perfect egg ribbons?
How to clean stains from inside of vacuum flask?
Suggestions for a substitute for almond paste in a cookie recipe?
Can cilantro be used for tea or tisane?
Soy and sesame sauce alternatives when frying fish?
What does an overnight chill do to cookie dough, that a 4 hour chill doesn't?
Storage of chocolates/candies in process (i.e. prior to cutting, dipping, etc)?
Pros and Cons of cream whippers?
Which parts of fresh Fenugreek am I supposed to throw off before attempting to dry them out completely?
Why did some leaves of my fresh Fenugreek turn yellow after a few days of purchase, and how to prevent the leaves from turing yellow?
Mushroom replacement in Beef Wellington
How to avoid chicken getting too tender when cooking in a crock pot?
Can onion based recipes such as bolognese be cooked in slow cooker?
How long do eggs last outside the refrigerator and out of the shell?
How to minimize splatter using an immersion blender?
How to make/preserve popcorn so that its taste and texture doesn't deteriorate within a day or two?
Ambiguities in Gravlax recipe
How do I make a Leek foam from Agar or Egg Whites?
What is the best way to toast pecans?
How to reduce the moisture when making tarte tatin
How to know (without a thermometer) whether an egg is cooked when we put a lid on the top of it?
Hours for bacteria to form on raw steak
What are some low fat butter substitutes for cookies?
Stainless steel vs ceramic Enamel microwave ovens
Storing beef for 3 days
My sauerkraut has mold covering the surface, is it ok?
How to make shelf-stable chocolate milk?
Hot crab and Artichoke dip - can it be made in advance?
Substituting soy milk for regular (cow) milk in crepes/pancakes
Too much sugar in soup -- how to make it less cloying?
re-fry fried food
How can I thicken whipping cream?
Why does dark chocolate turn white after being in cold for some time?
Tan ho, a salad green?
Is there a method to pour espresso shots without damaging the crema?
Preventing heavy top layer of cake from crushing cream layer
What to do if a turkey has been brined for too long
Canning tomato sauce
What is the name of this Venetian pastry?
Is there a way to heat a precooked ham in a 425 degree oven?
Cooking polenta until it 'comes away from the sides of the pan'?
Can the bacon in homemade "Bacon Salt" be made shelf stable?
Baking without a thermometer?
How to cut beef tenderloin into Filet Mignon
Substitute for Pastry Flour from Limited Traditional and Alternative Flours
How to improve the taste of sour coffee beans?
Horseradish substitute in creamy chowder
Is it safe to eat a chicken that leaked a ton of red fluid after roasting?
What's the science behind making German potato dumplings (Knödel) fluffy but not fall apart?
I'm making tomato sauce which never thickens
How long is the life of a shot of espresso?
How long will a shooter's sandwich keep?
How to Make Hazelnut Roasted Coffee
Does flax seed lose its nutritional properties after it's ground up?
Can I make crackling from cured ham skin?
How long can I keep a leg of ham in the fridge?
What Garlic to use for Garlic Bagels
Roasting large leg of wild boar
Thoroughly cooking stuffing in a Turkey
What types of cuts of meats are ideal for (beef) stew?
How do I cook with bay leaves?
Watery potatoes
Doogh/Ayran from scratch
How to thicken Chili without compromising flavor
How do I write a recipe so others (or Google) can translate it well?
roaster oven temperature is off
Why mix dry and fresh yeast?
How to remove quinoa bitterness (with many restrictions) doing chapatis
Is there any difference between a given cream and mix of different milks resulting in the same fat percentage?
Differences between the oven stone and the pizza oven?
What are the natural and artificial sugars?
How to shape dough
how can I strip the surface from an iron alloy pan without harming the metal?
How can you keep a stack of Swedish pancakes fresh?
What techniques and tips do you have for keeping an organized, clean work area while you cook?
Is it worth checking beans for stones?
Garlic + Oil, Why is this recipe safe?
What is the difference between Milk Chocolate and Dark Chocolate?
Is it possible to fry vegetables in cream?
Smartphone app to guide me with cooking
Tomato sauce - tomatoes, then juice vs tomatoes & juice
What is a moist vanilla bean?
Enhancing garlic and tomatoes on toast
What is the shelf life of my syrup?
How should I modify my vanilla frosting to convert it into a chocolate frosting?
Will I never be able to cook anything needing tomatoes in a seasoned cast iron Kadhai?
How to season iron cookware on gas stove?
Do all new cast iron pans and skillets have a protective coating on them, which must be removed?
What is a 'dough spatula'?
How do I eliminate a lingering smell of fried food?
How to know whether the default coating on the iron cookware has totally come off?
How to keep a high hydration bread loaf from becoming flat
Cooking with Plastic
Where should I store my cakes?
Steam "nature" of cappuccino steamers
How dangerous is it to bake food with plastic?
In Halwa, Milk tea, cake, Indian sweets, and Custard can white sugar be replaced with Jaggery?
Is it okay to bake caramel pudding rather than steaming it?
What are the pros/cons of serving the salad dish before/after the main dish?
What's a good bible on vegetarian cooking?
Kitchenaid mixer dropping metal shavings
Infusing olive oil with herbs
Cleaning oil sprayer pump
Should I keep the meat boiled off of bones when making beef broth?
Does spinach when cooked on bare cast iron turn black?
Does cooking in a pressure cooker destroy nutrients?
Using cast iron pans only
Make Kiwifruit sauce less sour without sugar?
My dad used my tea brewer with coffee and now the plastic makes my tea taste like coffee. Bleach?
How is Kiwifruit used to tenderize Meat?
How to pop a tiny champagne cork?
How to pan sear a thin steak?
Would using milk powder better than fresh milk when poaching?
Cleaning a tea pot
How do I make crispy potato pancakes?
How can I use a "cook for 3-4 hours" slow cooker recipe when I'm away for 8+ hours?
Can salt make sour fruit seem sweeter?
French-press coffee has a powdery taste
Practical home stone grinding
Cracking almonds without a nutcracker?
How can I save my mussels?
Brining chicken wings
Questions about a recently purchased wok
how to make soup less 'meaty'?
What is the best utensil kit for the cost?
How can I reduce the fat in a white wine and parsley sauce?
Cooking Buffet-style Bacon
Domestic, fresh taste-alike for an Italian coffee
Effect of wine used for deglazing on dish
Why does Chinese food reheats better on stove than in microwave?
Frying potato with little oil
Prebaking bread, which internal temperature would you go for?
Can I make a pot roast in a foil roasting pan with lid?
How to bring taste back when too much creme fraiche is added
What dishes are paired with agnolini in Mantuan cuisine?
Vodka for crispy wings - substitute?
If you don't cure a ham and just brine it, is it just considered a pork roast?
Do I have to defrost chicken before cooking?
How to efficiently remove the food particles stuck in the scrubbing pad?
Will double-action baking powder lose potency if not baked immediately?
Kneading and rolling fondant icing without air bubbles
Frozen and Unfrozen Chicken: what's the difference?
Making chili less oniony
Brown Basmati rice -- How to prevent mushiness?
Can you cure fish in jar?
What is considered to be an ideal roasting time and temperature for Cauliflower?
Best bets for fresh fish for sushi/sashimi?
sprig of thyme dry substitute ratio
long term wine storage
Extraordinary Beef Gravy?
How to bake burger buns so that they expand horizontally instead of expanding vertically?
How do you determine whether a coconut is young or not by knocking on it?
What kind of cookware can melt in a microwave? Is it safe to eat food cooked in a melted cookware?
How to evenly spread butter in each square of a waffle?
Why to add garlic for pickles?
What is the benefit to using a paper filter in a moka pot?
How should one prepare beef heart?
What ensures big holes in my bread?
Saute potatoes without burning them
How to clean and maintain cast iron lids
Can you freeze avocado in a dish?
Can Grapeseed oil be considered edible after it has passed the expiry date?
How many times can vinegar (after soaking onions in it) be reused again for soaking the fresh onions?
What hole size to prefer in the bread for what reasons?
What temperature does the Maillard reaction occur?
American equivalent for British chocolate terms
Implied cooking temperatures on food packaging
Best way/temperature to get maillard reaction on meat/steak
How should I order unknown wines in a tasting
How to save a dish with an onion paste base which tastes like raw onion paste?
Substituting for Madeira wine in a mushroom stuffed with sausage recipe
Can I unwarp my cutting board?
How long can an uncooked roast sit on the counter?
Techniques for making sourdough starter in cold/altitude
How long can you safely cure using Morton's Tender Quick?
Making real soured milk - what sort of lactobacillus culture to get?
Why would I prefer carbon steel (rust prone) kitchen knife?
Woodfire oven how to get crust soft and tasty
What should I look for in a cooking class?
Unroasted coffee beans in the pantry, several years old: roast, toss, or other use?
Can you boil the potatoes for mashed potatoes too long?
What factors affect collagen to gelatin conversion?
Is it possible to whisk egg whites too much?
Why is there liquid in my macaroni salad, potato salad and tuna salad the day after making them?
Mustard-fried burger patty
Is there a rule of thumb when replacing flour with whipped egg whites in a cake/muffin recipe?
What is sour cream called in Hindi?
Should ghee be kept out of light?
Uses for cheap beer?
What would be good preservatives for chili to give it a longer shelf life?
How to store tamarind paste?
Keep "soup greens" once done cooking?
How much CO2 does it take to carbonate water using a household Soda Siphon?
Is there a compressed gas device designed specifically for creating infusions?
Why does milk curdle after being boiled with ginger?
Why does salt prevent soy milk from curdling in hot coffee?
What is the purpose of making a preferment for yeast doughs?
What's optimal hardness for a kitchen knife blade?
Wood for a cutting board, will sanding make it food safe?
slimy red onion
Is a whole chicken still safe after 5 days marinating in the fridge?
Why did my hollandaise sauce break when adding spices?
Does soap kill germs?
What care should be taken to prepare dough and Chapatis with Rice flour?
What is nattō supposed to taste like?
What happened to my melted couverture?
Non-beet alternatives to standard red food dye
What is the modern alternative to sieving soup recipes?
How to prevent sliced vegetables/roots from sticking to the blade
How to add a salty/bacon flavor and texture to vegan collard greens?
Can you freeze almond paste?
How to thoroughly bread meat with eggs and flour for frying without the mess
How could buffalo chicken dip be stabilized?
What juices to use in cake?
How to thicken bleu cheese dressing?
Why do my meat burritos not heat well?
What's the crud in the pan with potatoes and oil?
How to clean ice from ice cream maker bowl without thawing?
Grinding melted latex off a pizza stone?
What kind of domestic use machine is needed for preparing Brown Rice from Paddy?
What kind of bakery items do not get horribly affected by electricity going off when the item is still in oven?
Are cooked frozen shrimp safe?
How would changing the amount of egg affect a pancake recipe?
How to add flavor to potato soup (using minimally processed ingredients)?
Approximating dried mushroom texture without
What cut of meat is used to make shabu shabu?
Chuck Roast, Beef Broth, Onion and Potato. Can this work?
Do breads always have to be baked in some vessels in an oven? If yes, then what shaped vessels would those be?
Are Damascus steel kitchen knives worth it?
Soaking legumes and cooking another day
must I toast bread over a flame or are HOT toasters still made somewhere?
Why must I return the chilled chocolate cookie dough to room temperature before baking?
How to keep baked seitan from being too tough?
How to make Namkeen Mathi/Mathri?
Alcohol-optional desserts?
Is it safe to eat freezer food with bad odours?
Best moment to put salt in spaghetti?
Fridge temperature
tamagoyaki eggs sticking to the pan
Is there evidence that adding salt to water prior to boiling can damage a stainless steel pan?
Difference in cookie texture if we use melted vs softened butter
Meat and Poultry Changing Color in Marinade?
What are the benefits, if any, of using a pizza stone in a toaster oven?
What is the difference between cheesecake and NY cheesecake?
How long do raw chestnuts keep?
How to help my vegetable beef soup that I added too much tomato to?
Chili/Stew - Is it necessary to cook all the meat before adding to the rest of the ingredients?
Defrosting approx 3.5kg of pork, and then cooking more than once?
Does ginger have to be peeled? If so how?
How do I duplicate these chips?
I am looking for a vegan substitute for cream cheese for use in a white chocolate/cream cheese icing
what happens when one mixes flour into batter?
Kosher salt vs. Table salt for rib eye steak
Need to remove germ from garlic or onion?
Info about spelt
What is 100% juice?
What quantity of coconut oil should be substituted for butter in a brownie mix?
Substituting almond milk for regular milk in coffee without bitterness
Grape vinegar vs wine vinegar
Chili with bitter aftertaste and not enough kick
Is it wise to use an aluminum foil in the microwave? Is there a substitute for the aluminum foil?
Do canned kidney beans contain Toxins?
Seasoning Chili for Young Children
How to thicken marinara sauce?
Roasting large quantities of garlic: whole unpeeled heads or peeled cloves?
Why does my lemon tart filling sometimes curdle?
How can I make buttermilk?
Is my maple syrup still good?
Raw meat or prepared food? Which lasts longer? - Short term
How do you safely bottle or "can" bbq meat drippings?
I have a coarse pepper grinder, and it says not to grind over steaming pots, why is that?
Mystery "organ" on the underside of chicken thighs?
Navigating the different types of cookware - new kitchen advice
Can I cook Meringue on tin foil rather than Baking paper?
Making sourdough starter with bread flour
What is the difference between Clam Chowder and New England style?
Bake brownies by 2 different ways, what changes?
What can I use in place of sherry in a recipe with king prawns, garlic and paprika?
why is there no cavity in the whole chicken I just bought?
Hot chocolate and cheese (Colombian Special)
Left my frozen whole chicken in cold water overnight.
Blind baking puff pastry
Barbecue sauce with 12% vinegar
How effective are modern home refrigerators at keeping other foods cool when hot food is introduced to the space?
Can I reuse chopped onions?
What features should I look for when buying an espresso maker?
Is it bad to double freeze seafood?
Is it ok to store open cans in the fridge?
How should I prepare an excellent sauce from sous vide juices?
How hot is your oven?
Using steam to make a dry version of turkey juicier
Cooking a chicken and peppers in a crockpot instead of sauteeing, how much water should I add?
Is it okay to boil milk (making steel cut oats)
What to do with chicken scraps
How do I prepare arabic coffee in a stone Dallah?
Cake without baking soda
How can I make my bread pudding firmer?
How to make yogurt without any existing yogurt
Electric oven Temperature
Was my bone marrow broth boiled too long?
New to jam making - do I need to can?
at what temperature should apple-choco pie be prepared?
How much tea is ideal out of one tea bag?
What is the purpose of kosher salt in peanut butter? Can it be replaced with something else?
For peanut butter, do peanuts have to be roasted with their shells or without their shells?
How do you shell groundnuts (peanuts) without breaking their kernels?
How can I stabilize a souffle?
Sous vide over cooking toughens meat?
Is there a way to freeze herbs without losing freshness?
Temps rising above set temps
How can I cultivate and store yeast?
Can I cook two types of dried beans simultaneously?
How to eliminate rubbery texture in pan fried veggie burgers made with vital wheat gluten
What determines the 'saltiness' of salt?
What type of rum to use when making vanilla extract?
Untwisting stuck salt shaker
What is the shelf life of homemade peanut butter in winters and summers?
Can salt be inserted in unshelled peanuts? Do natural peanuts taste salty?
slow cooker / crock pot temperature confusion (everything boils)
What is this cotton-like stuff growing on my pizza sauce?
Using sous-vide oven to make stock or soup (no bags)
Are N2O and CO2 chargers interchangeable for culinary purposes?
pieces of wood in cinnamon
Baking naan without an oven?
How to ensure that the chicken meat is not over cooked or under cooked?
How to reduce the eggs from over burnt at the sides in a wok?
Oatmeal & Lactose Intolerance
Can't get my Puff Pastry shells to rise
What kind of dough do you use to make typical american donuts?
How do banana peels reflect its ripening state? Can we influence that in our kitchen?
Do you know of any good rectangular spice storage solutions?
Ice pop recipe using egg yolks by two different ways
What is the orange coloured cream inside McAloo Tikki called and what are its ingredients?
Making a sorbet by cooking or by pureeing the ingredients?
How long will sealed chicken keep?
How do I adjust oven time to cook 2 dishes at the same time
Salad dressing- does it go bad fast if it is creamed in a blender?
Why does tomato sauce spatter more than other sauces?
How can I roast hominy while minimizing the popping?
Cheese sent via mail
Lining a frying pan with aluminum foil to reduce post-cooking cleanup?
How much to reduce salt when using salted butter in place of unsalted butter
Should I peel garlic before pressing it?
Can Rum-balls be made without alcohol?
How to increase spiciness without abusing hot spices?
Can quinoa be used instead of flour for cookies?
Storing oil coated and unrefrigerated egg
What can be used as a wrapper with minimum taste?
Vanilla Extract Vodka Quality
What's the proper procedure of making ghee?
Yeast for pizza doughs
How will less flour affect molten lava cakes?
what to do to make oilless, butterless, eggless cookies?
Should patina be burned (wok seasoning)
Using noodle cooking water to loosen sauce?
Substitute for ground crayfish?
Alternative to Food Grade Silicone
Help buying a copper pan
Baking 'Master' Recipes
Induction interface disk
Colored cake without food coloring?
How can I get rid of garlic breath?
My ginger is moist and floppy... has it spoiled?
What happens to boiled pasta if you use too little water?
Spoiled garlic ok to use?
Are there visual differences between regular and decaf coffee?
Substitute Quinoa Flour to All-Purpose Flour
How to clean utensils used to cook raw ground beef that have been left in the sink overnight?
If the recipe says simmer beans for 3 hours, can I just turn up the heat and cook faster?
Is horse meat safe to eat?
can a person taste the difference between coffee that has been ground 8 hours prior to brew vs 12 hours prior to brew?
Freezing Bouchon Bakery Macarons. Whole cookie or just the halves?
Are smoothies and milk shakes the same things with different names?
Why do I need over ripe bananas for banana muffins?
What helps against astringent mouthfeel from spinach or chard?
Why did my roast beef turn out chewy and not tender? Where did I go wrong?
Can I do anything to make my gas oven better?
How to sprout quinoa (and other grains) safely
How to make semi-hard, unripened brined cheese
How to prepare squid to avoid spermataphores
What kind of cookies can be shaped?
How do I plan a meal without a stove or oven?
How should I clean this mess at the bottom of my wok?
Glass cooktop safety
What to eat for people with hay fever or sinus infection
How do I season an iron griddle on an induction hob?
How to cook grass-fed, high-fat hamburger on electric stove?
Which parts of a spring onion should I use in a pasta salad?
What is the difference between corn flour and corn meal?
What do eggs with two yolks indicate?
Substituting vegetable oil for canola oil
Replace cornflour in soup
What does meringue powder do in butter cream icing?
How to store smoked fish when traveling?
How do I make a Turkish Delight Syrup
Smoke point and toxicity
Pulled pork cooking time
How can I create this coconut milk, fruit, and veggie snack at home?
how can i make 1 1/2 cup of all purpose flour to 1 1/2 cup of self'rising flour?
Can I use brown sugar instead of white sugar in making fruitcake?
How to prevent Orecchiette from sticking to each other while cooking? How to separate in water?
Homemade Sausages Unlink
Homemade mayonnaise difficulties
Why microwaves do not kill harmful bacteria as well as boiling?
Is it safe to "salt bake" using ice cream rock salt?
Are all pork in supermarket previously frozen? Where can I get fresh ones?
What's the difference between stroganoff and goulash?
Can fondant be frozen before covering the cake?
Indian Mango Pickle producing gas is that normal?
What is the best way to store homemade sauces?
Is there a releaseable mold/pan for bread?
Are the bubbles in the sourdough starter caused by yeast cultures?
Conservation of ground beef
How can I minimize crumbliness in agar based candies?
Should a sous-vide-cooked meat be frozen then reheated?
Shelf life of commercial jams with no preservatives?
How do I mimic trader Joe's (dark) Chocolate covered Espresso Beans?
White chocolate ganache won't set
How do I get the butter out of my chocolate fondue?
How do I know if a food or recipe can be made in a microwave oven?
How can I make low sodium (140mg or less per serving) pancakes / waffles?
What kind of food should be stored in a refrigerator's "snack pan" drawer?
How long does the cream in a freshly baked chicken pie last for?
Sous Vide without vacuum. What liquid should be used?
Does water boil faster with the lid on?
Does the airflow pattern in a hot air popcorn popper matter? / What should I look for in a popper?
How can I prevent spices from lumping together?
How can I increase the amount of gravy I can make from one roast?
What makes ice shatter in icecube tray?
Sousvide seafood for sushi
How can I tell when the wax has been removed from citrus fruit?
How to keep thick puréed sauces from separating into solids and liquids?
What is the shelf life of homemade compote?
Can adequate heating transform spoiled food into safe food?
pre-soaking tea in cold water prior to brewing
Amount of Brioche dough in a Brioche mould?
When I bake a 2lb loaf, the very Centre of it lacks structure
Difference between Spumante & Champagne
How would I susbtitute fresh spinach for frozen?
Cooking schnitzel without thinning it
What is the problem with overmixing?
Can the Cadbury Creme Egg's filling be bought independently?
Grams to tablespoon conversion
Minced beef or lamb clumping - how to stop it
How to economically make home-made sushi?
Why won't my cream biscuits rise?
Cutting marbled pork without it falling apart
Making cream cheese from raw, non-homogenized milk, what to do with the cream?
Are there different grades of chicken in the US?
How do I substitute proofed dried active yeast for fresh yeast?
How to use a honey dipper?
homemade coconut flavoured yogurt?
Cook a frozen cobbler in a microwave instead of oven
What is the optimal temperature for making coffee, specifically in an AeroPress?
Do vegetables ripen like fruit?
Is it safe to eat food that was heated in plastic wrap to the point the plastic wrap flamed?
Emergency Coffee via Chocolate Covered Coffee Beans?
What's different between canned beer and bottled beer?
Can I bake bread in pieces?
Why are there no recipes combining both yeast and baking powder?
why does oil temperature rise when I put food in the pan
How can I make zucchini bread less moist?
Can I replace treacle with molasses in my fruit cake?
Is it possible to do sous vide cooking in a crock pot?
What is a substitute for Poblano Peppers?
How to recognize that a hard cheese is mouldy?
How should I store leftover rice noodles?
How can I uniformly chop peanuts?
Pie VS Tart VS Quiche
What are techniques to make homemade pasta without a pasta machine?
What is the percentage by weight of meat in a split chicken breast?
Type of oil to cook white/black pudding in?
Semolina substitute
How can I improve rich taste of spiced milk tea?
Re-boiling of tea?
Does wax on citrus fruit make the zest unsafe to eat or compromise its flavor?
How to reduce gas from eating beans?
Should peanut oil be stored in the fridge?
Substitute baking powder for yeast in a focaccia?
Is Turkish coffee grinding finer than Espresso grinding?
Why is commercial sandwich bread so popular in the US and UK?
problems with buttermilk biscuits
How important is isolating food in a fridge?
Do nuts ever go bad?
Why does commercial brown (whole wheat) bread taste bitter?
How can I make better eggless scones?
What's the difference between serving from a ceramic plate and metal plate?
How can I rescue overproofed bread?
What changes can I make to a bread recipe to prevent it collapsing when rising overnight in fridge?
Can I substitute marmalade for peach preserves?
Does the vegetable crisper make a difference?
How to tell if stir fry lamb is done?
Are calcium and magnesium lost by soaking beans?
How do price and quality relate in blenders?
Marinade then cook or cook then marinade?
Why would IQF shrimp say "do not force thaw under running water"?
Why does curry flavor improve overnight (beyond the effects of permeation and infusion)?
How to ship bread or bread dough?
Can I "re-caramelize" meat after a failed braising attempt?
Is a partially frozen chicken safe if not immediately cooked at the proper temperature?
Is is possible to make popped potatoes?
Is there a different fruit very similar to oranges?
French Press Coffee amount
In industrially produced soup, how does each can contain equal parts of all ingredients?
Is a maple tree with a squirrel hole in it safe to tap?
How can I fix my tasteless baked flounder?
Is there a reason to peel onions for storage or sale?
Replacing egg whites with whole eggs when baking cookies
How do I roast beets to easily remove the skins?
How should I handle chiles without gloves?
What features should I look for in a fireplace grill?
Replace the potatoes in a corned beef hash with something that isn't starchy?
Reusing oil containers
Why is salt sometimes ingredient of otherwise sweet cookies?
What sausage casing is this?
Matching herbs with meats
Is ice-encrusted frozen shrimp ok to eat?
Frying with Induction Stovetop
What are 'quick cook' beans?
Can I substitute dehydrated veggies for freeze dried in recipes?
How to know whether the whole unpeeled garlic is still edible or not?
How to know how many tablespoons of seeds correspond to 1 table spoon of its ground form?
Where can I buy borosilicate (Pyrex) bakeware in the U.S.?
Should I use whole eggs or only yolks in Spaghetti alla Carbonara?
Laotion (Thai/Viet) Style Sticky Rice, after making sticky rice do you knead the rice in something specific?
French Red Rice (Camargue) versus Italian Red Rice (Rosso Selvaggio)?
How do I roast eggplants without a gas stove?
Kobe beef in the U.S?
Do sodastream PET bottles have normal 28mm threaded caps?
What do I do about mold on my sourdough starter?
Other uses for Korean salted shrimp
How to get puff pastry to cook right through
Shelf-life of pressure-canned soups - is it still good?
What is "Fish Sauce" typically used for?
Baking Turkey Meatloaf with/out glass cover
Risotto question - what does "translucent rice" look like?
Turkey frying oil temperature issues
Which ingredient in Italian bread gives it that great taste?
Will dried buttermilk react with other ingredients in dry mix with oil, stored in fridge?
How can I clean these brown iron stains in my pot?
How can I tweak this (US) Southern themed cocktail?
Why would I want to use the creaming method in waffles?
How do I know when quiche is finished cooking?
What is a good substitute for ground veal?
Should I peel Boskoop apples for a pie?
How do Crispbread manufacturers use so few ingredients?
How can I save crumbly cookie dough?
Is free-range veal available in the US?
What is a good bread recipe for light bread, but able to be shaped?
Why does melted asiago impart a strong numbing mouthfeel?
How do you cook calamari / squid and avoid making it tough?
Why do some foods have to be cooked only when the pan is really hot?
How do you make Paillets Feuilletine?
What kind of onions for dal?
When is is necessary to par bake a pie crust?
What are the benefits of making butter at home?
How long to cook seafood in paella?
Will flavors marry in compound butter if given sufficient time to rest?
How can I make mocktails that actually taste like non-fruity cocktails?
Pepper mill - which color and length?
My cooking pot keeps smoking
How to avoid cinnamon sludge in a beverage?
What is the equivelant of 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract in Organic Vanilla Bean Paste, is it teaspoon for teaspoon?
What is "pizza crust yeast"?
Do raisins have a maximum shelf life?
Will roasted pistachio nuts keep well in freezer?
How to get rid of the raw tomato smell from tomato sauce?
How do I reverse engineer a recipe?
how to use ktc pure coconut oil?
How to cook baby octopus?
What is the name for a dish similar to chili but with no chili peppers or related spices and some very non-chili ingredients?
how to stretch white chocolate to make truffles?
Making yogurt without heating milk?
Microwaved rice, it’s not fluffy
I left creme fraiche out of fridge for 2 hours it turned bad
Cast Iron to Fridge?
Why are standard cast iron maintenance practices compatible with food safety?
How to add flavouring ingredients to steamed or boiled veggies?
Are there any Oven only or Stove-Top only Cast Iron Recipes?
Brining...at high temp?
What ingredients can be used to make fried rice slightly sweet?
What is the basic technique for making tea with teabags and a mug?
What is the best recipe for Chocolate Mousse: with butter or cream?
If salt dehydrates the meat, then why would brining make it more juicy as a whole?
Why do Duck eggs have longer expiry than Chicken Eggs?
How to make a proper scone?
Thai noodle dish with peanuts
Nutrient loss when baking in roasting pan
Coloring colored ice-cream
Duration of use for green smoothies
When should cutting boards be replaced?
Why does instant coffee have less caffeine?
How can I make matzo meal and matzo farfel?
Getting the bowl out of the mold
Carbonated drinks in cocktail shakers?
Cheesecake in rectangular pan
What strategy can I use to identify a cookbook with a torn off cover?
Chocolate mousse - methods to have firm foamy mousse using white egg and cream
Sous Vide leg of lamb WITH bone?
Enameled cast iron vs stainless steel for acids
How to know whether a coconut is ripe or rancid before buying
How can I make the exterior of my croissants less hard and more flaky?
Is it a good idea or a waste to fry with olive oil?
Substitute for pig products
Can I set a creme brulee with agar agar?
Removing metal disc ring from chocolate mousse: which method should I use?
Is there a difference in appearance between semi and unsweetened chocolate?
Flour in the roux
Should I boil the alcohol out of marinade?
How does sous vide compare to other cooking methods?
Steak has bits of horrible bitter/liquid like chunks of meat
Does beer in bread retard the yeast?
What differences are there between reconstituted dried mushrooms and fresh?
How common are worms in dried mushrooms?
How would you make a roux efficiently?
Does white chocolate HAVE to have milk in it?
How can I unstick lollies stuck in a jar, welded by heat?
Black Spot on Ground Beef?
poaching an egg in frying canola oil
Quiche filling sets like an Aero bar?
Is it possible to oversoak wood chips for smoking?
Why do brisket recipes move to the oven to finish?
What temperature range is suitable for grill smoking?
how does the poaching eggs recipe scale for different sizes of egg?
What's the size of the plastic cup that came with my rice cooker?
How should chuck roast be grilled to maximize tenderness?
Do unopened bottles of Gin and Campari turn bad in extreme heat?
"Cream Biscuit" a little raw in the middle
How can I make yeast- and gluten-free pizza dough?
What side effects should I expect by replacing cake flour with chickpea flour in all cookie recipes?
Can I replace rolled oats with instant oats in a cookie recipe?
Substitute for refined white flour to make fried potato wedges crispy?
Is it safe to cook chicken soup if the water doesn't quite cover it?
What do I do with one cracked egg?
How do I make my bread/buns super soft?
How to prevent bread sticking to cast iron pan?
Should any liquid, or liquid-like ingredient, be included in the water proportion calculations for bread?
How can I make fat-free whipped "cream" with a whipped cream dispenser?
What can replace coconut oil in a chocolate cookie coating?
How can I score wet bread dough more easily?
How long does it take to smoke a chicken?
How to adjust the ingredients when recipe asks for salted peanuts and unsalted butter while I have the opposite?
How to clean a toaster from inside?
Is it safe to use a propane torch bought at a Hardware store?
Why and what kind of breads should be scored?
Dying a white iced cake black
Why can't I get that grilled taste from my outdoor grill?
How can I hold the flavor and texture of my spheres?
What kind of vegetable oil should I use for baking?
How to store salted cod?
How should I deal with "thawed frozen puff pastry"?
How to adjust time for pineapple casserole and pork roast
How do you determine whether a chocolate is sweet or semisweet?
What should be understood by "refrigerate until firm, 2 hours or overnight"?
Does it take more energy to maintain a higher cooking temperature?
Storing Bao Overnight--to steam and refrigerate?
How can I make this cool chocolate shape?
Why do egg dye recipes include vinegar?
Need help identifying a kitchen tool, with a wooden handle, and a cylindrical cutter
What are the breads with big holes and small holes called?
How to build steam in the oven for getting an oven spring?
Why is my green tea foaming too?
Metalic Foil on Indian Sweets
Is there any caffeine in kuding tea?
Room temperature "rest" for fresh mayo?
What can I use in place of Quinoa flour?
Flour alternatives for roux
How can I make a raw vegan shrimp paste substitute?
How long / to what temperature should I let meat rest?
Why was our garlic butter made in France, much nicer than garlic butter in England?
How to get a synthetic cork back in a wine bottle?
Flattened chicken breast returns to original size when frying
Food safety with mixing raw meat
Definition for light, medium and heavy flour?
Is there a standard measure for coffee grind size?
Do frozen ahi tuna steaks need to be seared?
Why does broccoli turn brown when steaming?
Keeping rice paper spring rolls moist
Is the smoked ham safe to eat?
Lifespan of chicken stock in fridge
What is each side of a 4-sided grater for?
Oil for pan-frying lamb chop
Why should you scrub/clean cast iron cookware with salt?
Should you store cutlery upside down?
Any cheap ways to clean restaurant stainless steel fridge?
How to fry carnitas?
Looking for a way to make a cone shaped cookie
using coffee filters to filter home pressed olive oil
Kind of apples for apple purée / apple sauce
Trying to find the actual name of an eastern european distilled beverage
Is it safe to store raw meat alongside pre-cooked produce (ie. ready-made pies) in the fridge?
Is my pork Safe to eat after 3 hours sitting out??
Is pressed cottage cheese a different cheese?
If I use a diffuser will I be able to use a pressure cooker to can food on my glass top stove?
Saving sanding sugar
Does adding salt before cooking toughen scrambled eggs?
How to caramelize white sugar without burning it?
Is there a tradition where eating something sweet before something savory is the norm?
Chia seeds as replacement of oil in bakery
Can I descale/decalcify my coffee machine without a special product?
Basic carrier sauce/syrup for different sweet flavors?
Chopsticks versus forks?
Why won't my boiled egg whites harden?
Adjusting baking time and temp for small cupcakes?
Adjusting whipped cream to hold its shape longer?
How to make the sour cream that some restaurants serve with quesadillas?
How do I get the smell of burnt food off of the inside of my microwave oven?
What should one look for in the license terms of a crowdsourced recipe website?
What is the science or chemistry of the creaming method in baking?
How to salvage a cookie dough that is too sweet?
What is this sandwich-salad dish?
How does the heat energy from the sun cook an egg within 5 minutes?
Why does my bread burn at the bottom before it is done?
Is it possible to make pan roasted garbanzo beans creamy in the center?
What are the effects of thawing food at low temperatures?
Low Salt Indian Food
How to thicken a sour cream recipe?
Why does food taste bland when we are sick?
Beer Batter - let it rest before using or use immediately?
How can I make creme fraiche quickly without waiting for it to curdle?
Deep frying - beer batter vs. bread crumbs
How to fry an egg without a burnt thin crust around?
How can you recognize cold milk that has gone bad or is about to?
How to color Jiaozi (chinese dumplings)?
How do you recover if you lose track of what you're measuring?
What does karate chop in a french bread dough mean?
Chili and bell pepper substitute due to allergies?
How do I cook chips (french fries) in the oven?
Does a head of lettuce really need to be refrigerated?
Why did my omelette turn out different than usual?
Why have all of my quality pans started smoking at once?
Which nuts can be cracked without tools?
Do I need to bake my pre-made pie crust?
How to turn froth into juice?
Balance overly sweet liqueurs
Why did my French bread neither rise nor bake properly?
Fresh milk curdles when added to hot coffee and tea
What combination of flours can be used as a substitution to a bread flour?
What quantity and resting time should be preferred for active dry yeast when it is supposed to be used in place of quick yeast?
Telling if small pieces of meat are cooked - blind or colour blind chef
Does acidity negate double-acting baking powder?
How do I make the ingredients in a burrito evenly distributed?
Butter Substitutions in the Quiche dough
Fastest or most efficient way to cook rice in a pot with a lid?
Safety of Calphalon pots and pans
Can I cook lentils in a rice cooker?
homemade chilli oil
Using kalpasi (which is also known as Black Stone Flower) in a biriyani?
Stronger bread, how could I achieve that?
How can I keep pasta shapes intact?
How do I determine if my mussels are fresh?
Cooking Temperature for Crocodile meat?
Substitute to milk in coffee?
Constructions of Lego Bricks Made of Cake
Is corn a fruit, vegetable, or a nut?
Vanilla extract vs. Vanilla powder
Is it possible to make breads using cake techniques?
How can I create the equivalent of a fresh cake yeast from my sourdough culture?
chef knives and cutting surfaces
What accounts for the softer texture and sharper flavor of Italian ice creams?
Subsitutions for Monterey Jack cheese in the UK
Freezing bones for stock
Pickling green peaches: is the fuzz a must?
What is the alternative to a vine ripened tomato?
Can I change the flour type of my sourdough starter?
Peeling cupcake liner from chocolate mold
How long should chia seeds soak?
Homemade flour tortillas without cast iron
Is it possible to identify the quality of fish after cooking the fish?
In what proportion should the given ingredients be combined to form a cookie?
can I make a dry ingredient waffle mix with dry egg powder & powdered milk?
How to prepare smaller amount of coffee than nominal in Moka pot
Distributing small amounts of oil around a non-stick pan
Pickle handling
How to make crispy/dry potato chips/crisps?
What is the shelf life for chocolate chips?
What is the fastest way / highest temp you made duck confit?
Too much onion flavor in dip
Why does soda bread preserve less well than sourdough or yeast based bread?
Right baking temperature
Why didn't my beer cake cook properly?
Can you use marinade twice if it was first used on precooked meat?
Refrigerating after reheating?
Does black tea have the highest level of caffeine? If so, why?
New crockpot cook times rule?
Is there much of a difference between organic vs. regular olive oil?
What varities of chili peppers are most commonly used in Italy
Does the order of preparation steps for soy milk make a difference?
What's the most efficient way to juice halved lemons and limes?
What's the difference between green, white, and red onions?
what makes red tomato sauce turn orange in colour?
Soy milk compared to other bean milks
How can I keep my salad cold in the microwave?
Can I use normal household glass items to steam cook inside pots?
What are "parsley greens"?
Is it okay to keep flour in the freezer?
Open Fire Paella - do I need to fry rice?
What exactly is "vegetable shortening"?
How do I avoid dry meat and burned masala and rice in biryana?
What's the best way to keep sushi fresh for the following day?
Looking for an accurate nutrition database
How to shape the perfect bao dough
Resource for combining flavors
Looking for an Italian cheese similar/identical to the French Brie
How can I attach printed rice paper decorations to cakes / cookies?
Brown Rice vs White Rice in Stuffed Pepper
dark black furrows in sweet potatoes
How do you make whole-wheat bread less crumbly? -- (Without adding gluten)
Can I increase the cocoa content in fudge?
What kind of cheese is the result of boiling milk with vinegar at home?
Do all varieties of cocoa naturally taste bitter?
How can I tell which fruits etc. contain proteases?
Should flour be thrown out past its expiry date?
Is there a cholesterol-free substitute for egg noodles?
Do more peppers mean more heat?
Homemade coconut milk in coffee compared to store bought
Help freezing chicken breasts
Shirred eggs elements
What do I need to get started with American style Barbecue?
Refreezing already thawed bread
What should I use to build a parrilla?
How to reduce the bitter taste in broccoli rabe
What's the trick to wrapping tightly in plastic wrap?
Is there something wrong with the corn kernels that don't pop?
"Dry" foods from slow cooker
When to add fresh basil to a tomato sauce?
candied mints storage and transporting long distance
Why boil rice first when steaming rice?
Does a home produce refrigerator exist?
Can I use cornstarch in fondant icing?
Effect of adding wet ingredients to dry when making bread?
How to get stable and long lasting high temperatures in charcoal grill?
What is the shelf life of my home made coleslaw dressing?
What can I do to prevent the gaseous side effect of sunchokes?
Adding baking powder as a final step
How are commercial protein bars made so dense?
How to correctly infuse cream into vegetables
How do you make Welch's fruit snacks?
Is it safe to eat sauteed onions left at room temperature?
Pulled pork substitute- How do I do it?
Potato and Macaroni Salads soak up all the mayo when I store them
How to soften diced meat that was has had too much of its juices leave from being cooked too long?
Green rhubarb safe and tasty for use like red?
Is bread that can go mouldy better than that which does not?
How do I accurately take a chicken thigh's temperature?
Can I make gyoza with raw meat?
What are the authentic traditional ingredients for Naan bread?
bread flour strength?
Is it possible to can lemons in a simple syrup as opposed to using salt?
Lifetime of French press filter
At what concentration is sodium bicarbonate a sanitizing solution?
Cooking Dry noodles without them being soggy
Bottling and Storing Cold-Brewed Coffee?
Is there anything special about "homogenized" shortening?
How long does ginger root last?
Can a few bad (dead) mussels harm a larger batch?
Cause of foam in fried chicken pan?
How can I make a chocolate syrup that can be frozen?
How to make chocolate cigarellos in a quicker way?
How do I cook large quantities of Boston pork butt?
Food Safety - Infused oil with dried herbs
How to make fried chicken tender and juicy?
Stop rhubarb compote juice from leaking
What is the name of this drink and is there a substitute for the pineapple?
How long to store slow-cooked chicken in liquid in fridge?
Drying fresh produce after washing
Curious mold growth in a sealled BBQ, how does one avoid it?
Trouble cooking steak to the standard internal temperature
Donvier Ice Cream Maker - why stirring only every 2 minutes?
Would brining help the texture/flavor of ribs?
How to fix a sauce with overheated yogurt that has separated?
Why does oil bubble when you fry things?
What are possible substitutes for pineapple in sweet and sour pork/chicken?
How can I cook chicken breast like Nando's?
Is a seed different from a nut?
What is the "hot" and "cold" category that Chinese culture separate their food into?
Estimating the fat content of homemade chicken foot gelatin
Is this type of vegetable peeler effective?
How can I avoid overpowering my food with cumin flavor?
Wheat Flour Vs. wheat gluten
How can I thicken my mushroom sauce?
How long can I keep beef warm in a roaster oven?
How can I make a mayo/ketchup-based sauce come out with a consistent color?
Possible internal contamination from soaking or scalding slaughtered chicken in hot water to ease plucking
Does the type of strainer built in a teapot matter?
How to keep my turkey burgers from crumbling
Must rice always be cooked with some oil or lard?
Is it dangerous or unhygienic to deshell an egg over the bin?
Whiskey inside a metal flask for a month. Safe for drinking?
How to clean the rubbery skin from monkfish before cooking?
I'm trying to make cheddar sticks from scratch
How to best barbecue calamari/squid?
Removing the flavour of smoke
How does the glue of bamboo cutting boards get in the food and how to prevent this?
What are the dos and don'ts regarding cleaning a bamboo cutting board?
Why breadcrumb is necessary for deep-frying?
Edible supports for a fondant palm tree
What is the term for the "amuse-bouche" at the end of the meal?
Alternative to cream for fried chicken recipe
Could I add butter to single cream to make whipped/double cream?
How can I tell if the tea has been stored properly, is not too stale or oxidized?
Make espresso in office kitchen- just have a kettle and microwave?
What alternative gelling agents can I use for jam and marmalade?
Blender vs food processor vs juicer
does washing vegetables and fruit with baking soda make sense?
How can I make kimchi with everyday ingredients?
How do I prevent tomato making quiche soggy
Good websites/cookbooks covering more tailored approach to cooking vegetables?
Making meat pies for the freezer
What do you use to get the vegetables out after steaming?
What are the types and pros/cons of electric and manual spice and nut grinders available? What qualities should be looked for while purchasing them?
What are the differences between spice paste and spice powder? Which should be preferred over the other for what reasons?
Dishwasher safety - "top shelf" vs. "bottom shelf"
What to use for a matcha whisk?
Wok patina comes off
Why would a pregnant woman not be able to eat soft cheeses?
How to adapt brownie recipe to cook well in a mini-muffin tin?
How to make matcha tea without matcha whisk?
Can any custard be made into a frozen custard?
Cold Brewing coffee - does it use more beans?
Does a long marinade time matter for chicken, shrimp, etc?
Why does holding ice cream mix improve flavor?
Is fresh cod with worms safe to eat?
Why do you add sugar last when boiling soups?
Food mills versus food strainer/sauce makers
Uses for dry bread
How can I make this wine and bacon sauce into a thick liquid?
Why are my metal tools scraping off the patina of my wok?
What is tamur (ingredients)?
How to scale chicken recipe that requires cooking in a single layer?
How long will vacuum-packed truffle last in the fridge?
Can you parfry hash browns in advance?
How can I make my carrot cake taste more carroty
Preparing / pre-cooking hash browns / home fries
Why do Pocky and other "stick" biscuits have this distinct burn pattern?
How to know if my walnuts are fresh enough to be good to eat?
How to emulate pike of Starbucks
Will milk produce more curds if you add additional protein and fat content?
How can I make nutritional yeast?
How to safely handle raw milk?
Historical recipe for cake before refined sugar
Is it possible to make oat milk ice cream?
Why does the roux break down in my chicken velouté sauce?
Why do most sandwich makers have a triangular shape?
What weights to use for fermenting sauerkraut?
What is the typical consistency of a roux?
Razor clams good or bad?
How to prevent dough from stopping food processor motor
What is the difference between French and British cuts of beef?
Canning tomato sauce problem, jar broken in boiling method
How does harvest time matter with tea?
Why do mushrooms freeze in fridge at temps above freezing?
Funnel-like device for putting non-liquids into a whipped cream dispenser?
Looking for coffee from the 80's for my father, Lucern?
My chutney is too thick
Is it bad to boil milk?
Is it safe to store oils, vinegars and other sauces in reused gourmet oil tins?
Putting "precooked corn on the cob" on the barbeque?
How long can milk products be frozen before spoiling?
Where can I find the apron/towel worn by the America's Test Kitchen staff?
how to disarm a potentially pressurized whipping siphon?
What is the New Zealand white sponge cake, is it a white cake here in the U.S?
How to separate milk kefir grains?
raw chicken in an "off" crockpot
How do I know if food left at room temperature is still safe to eat?
I use 1/2 cup shortening and 1/2 cup butter in baking chocolate chips cookies but they always fall flat
How do I baste barbecue chicken while grilling?
Ridges on knife steel?
What to look for in a hand mixer for occasional bread dough kneading?
Ribs in Slow Cooker, then finished on BBQ?
How do I reduce the lemon acidity in apple soup?
Why does my cookbook want me to drain my tomatoes for a pasta sauce?
How long does Marsala wine last, after opening?
Why do you need eggs when making icecream?
How to cook already cut roast beef
What is the appropriate lentil-to-water ratio for stovetop lentils?
Oxtail soup - oxtail tightened up during simmering?
How to make chunky salsa like supermarket jarred salsa?
How long does hot chocolate stay good?
What can I do with an arm roast?
Do fresh ramen noodles come in a curly form, or only instant?
Is there an easy, at-home method to separate the protein from sweet whey powder?
What stabilizer can be used in non-dairy ice cream with alcohol?
substitues for confectioners sugar when making icing
homemade pizza - getting the dough crispy
Should I bother trying to use a traditional wok on an electric stove?
Do tomatoes lose their nutritional value when they are made into tomato sauce?
For how long should I cook onion paste?
How do I cut savoriness of a dish?
White foam when boiling presoaked beans
Do restaurants regularly disinfect baskets and trays?
Is jerky safe concerning parasites?
Why did my roasted pumpkin soup smell foul and seem sour after only 1/2 day?
Can one become ill from consuming food smoked with wood that contains a common fungus?
How do I remove a black residue after seasoning cast iron waffle maker
What is the best way to build a kitchen knife collection?
What might cause a tangy flavor in hummus?
Can I substitute whole eggs for egg whites in cake mix?
Can I use only urad dal to make dosa?
Pecan Sandies-Baking powder in the recipe vs. recipe without a leavening agent?
Is there anything special about fugu meat?
What is an alternative in Feijoada to smoked ham or beef?
Mexican ceviche vs. Japanese sashimi
Barbecue on wood fire
Why does soymilk take longer to expire?
What is the difference between a salsa, a sauce, a gravy, and a chutney?
Is soy yogurt considered a fermented food?
Is it safe to cook pheasant medium?
Is storing homeade dressing with garlic powder safe?
What will the coriander, cumin and paradise add to the lentil soup and can I do without the paradise?
Cooking beans with intact skins
What temperature and time do I need to bake a 35cm Madeira cake?
What makes the 'Cat poo' coffee (Kopi Luwak) flavour worth drinking?
How do you separate the skin from pork?
Nitrogen factor role in calorie calculation
Couldn't snap the bones in my chicken stock
Seasoning on Magnalite anodized aluminum fry pans needs to be removed and re-done, what is process?
Adding rolled-in seasonings to pita bread
How do I prevent fudge browning?
Can I leave my cinnamon bars unbaked in the fridge for a few hours?
Bottling salad dressing with fruit
How can I determine canning processing times?
Extreme Speed Baking
Raw Eggs, Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough...And Freezing
Can you make latte-art with a panarello wand?
Boiled water left in a Teflon pot
Browning Beef Stew (safety question)
Is cheese a condiment? (Burgers, sandwiches, etc)
small cakes/muffins not rising correctly
Need help identifying 2 ingredients in homemade chicken biryani
Stick wafer sticks to mudcake
how to tell if a whipping cream dispenser is overpressurized or underpressurized?
How to make pumpkin extract
Can steaming cans of jams be safely used instead of boiling to sterilise?
Whats wrong with my rice cooking process in my Zojirushi?
Egg and flour proportion for pasta extruder
What kind of glass is this?
straining methods for liquids to be used in whipping siphon
Which ingredient gives Chicken Pate its flavor?
What went wrong with my sourdough?
How do you thicken a cold filling?
oil for tabletop working dough
Can you refrigerate unbaked quiche for baking the next morning?
Difference between scones and biscuit?
Sushi / sashimi knives
How to add missing garlic flavor to cooked soup
What is the magic in packaged pudding mixes?
How do I clean my hob?
How to season / care for a Bundt pan?
should I freeze a two-day refrigarated meat sauce?
Freezing turkey burgers?
Sauce in a sealed jar smells off, has it gone bad?
Fermented rice horchata
How do you convert a cake recipe to make brownies?
How do I determine the amount of water I need to use with my eletric rice cooker
Can you refreeze chicken after it has been cooked from frozen
Teabags: for how long should I let them sit in the hot water?
Brined cheese behaves almost as if carbonated
Bread/Pizza Dough Techniques
Chicken fat solidifies on hot broth
Custard recipe without commercial custard powder
Is it possible to make yogurt and cheese from spoiled milk?
Are modifications to a recipe needed to use frozen scallops instead of fresh?
Why does the custard in my lemon/lime bars always come out looking terrible and with bad texture?
Why didn't my puff pastry "puff"?
Boil water first when cooking what foods?
Can buttermilk be frozen successfully?
How effective is the George Foreman grill in draining fat from cooking meat?
Can soda bread be successfully frozen, either baked or in dough form?
How to store cooked / stir-fried egg noodle leftovers?
Does jaggery need to be soaked?
When should you sweat mirepoix, and when should you sauté it?
Can I substitute chocolate chips for cocoa powder in my frosting?
Correct temperature to serve a chocolate gateau (cake)
Is sterilized milk safe to use with a breadmaker's timer function?
Special coffee served in Malaysia (or India)
Lighter texture for chocolate pie
How do I prepare ground flaxseed for consumption? (If needed at all)
What could cause a sudden loss of sour flavor?
What kind of homemade sandwich bread or wrap lasts longest?
Can I add tomato paste afterwards, instead of during cooking, for a tomato sauce?
What is the liquid ingredient in a korma?
How do I make meringue using a whipped cream charger?
Salt stick dough and shaping
How can I make whipped cream if I can't always get cream?
Creating a recipe for a glazed fruit pie - what starch to use?
Why is there liquid at the bottom of my lemon meringue pie?
Would pre-sliced, pre-packaged fish be considered sushi grade if I freeze it for at least a week before consumption?
Who Provides Sugar free chocolate?
Are these worms in my black eyed peas/beans?
Oil in steamed cake
choosing a saucepan material for creams and caramels
Is it ok to use sour cream as substitute of sour yogurt?
Cooking in a Gas Oven?
How to effectively take cream from milk?
Making hard cheese from milk by vinegar
why does my microwave beep half way through a defrost?
Please explain my meat dry curing observations
Safe to make liqueur from tomato vines?
What is the difference between apple juice and cider?
KitchenAid Mixers, which one to pick?
Brining before dehydrating?
Why do chefs use salt and pepper bowl after touching raw foods
Roasting an eggplant for "Neapolitan Eggplant Parmesan"
What are the difference between outside and inside skirt steak?
Difference between "real mayonnaise" and "mayonnaise dressing"
Are there dangers to using solid fuel on a propane grill?
How much acid to use for stabilizing meringue?
Non-uniformly shaped cake methods
Large wooden mortar and pestle
Can I make pasta with atta flour?
What can "modified" mean when describing an ingredient?
Will a lid with a hole in it work with a crock pot?
How oil changes the taste of salads?
Does ghee make a good substitution for lard?
Can I substitute whole anchovies for anchovy paste?
Are there any reasons not to include the zest when citrus juice is an ingredient?
Making simple light cake with yeast
Can ghee be used instead of butter in dessert recipes?
How to avoid collapse of yeast-raised dough?
4 tablespoons of butter is how many tablespoons of coconut oil
What to do when too much liquid added to flour mixture?
How is gelatine sold in U.S. grocery stores?
Egg of a dove in my flowerpot
How to evenly bake a daquoise disk?
How do I clean these gloves so they do not leave marks?
I boiled dry my 18/10 ss pot, is it damaged and unsafe to cook with now
How important is humidity when smoking a brisket?
What makes certain fruits work well in savory dishes?
Substitues for Vegetable Oil -Spread-
Could I use beer instead of/as well as water in my sourdough?
When making bread, should I add salt early or late? Pros and cons
Are Farro (Triticum dicoccum) and Spelta (Triticum spelta) interchangeable?
Why does my lime peel-alcohol infusion become cloudy when mixed with water?
How do I control the quality of a kombucha SCOBY?
Hot tea with lemon juice and fat free milk: how to prevent curdling?
Best gas-stove cost effective alternative?
How do I make "thick cooked rhubarb"
A Substitute for beef shanks?
Which knife is best for somone just learning to cook?
How would I go about recreating beef/hamburger taste/umami, strictly vegan?
Can I replace a food processor in this brownie recipe?
How to grease a pan without shortening or butter
Why let your pie cool instead of eating it hot?
Is it true that putting spices in something then baking it destroys the spices?
What are some techniques to cool down a dish so that we can store it in the refrigerator safely?
What is the difference between French-pressed and Turkish coffee?
Out of Date Vine Leaves - are they safe to eat?
Vegetarian Fish
What kind of Creme or Mousse is the most robust? How can I strengthen a mousse?
Knife sharpening equipment
Bacon Buns: How to make them softer
What to do with leftover whey from vinegar-based cheese preparation
homemade mint extract
When cooking meats such as pork chops in a toaster oven, is it better to use butter or some type of oil to coat the pan?
What can a half-ripe jackfruit be used for?
Stacking cakes without bases
Substitute for flaked coconut
preserving hot peppers without damaging heat
Is it true that even quality knives with wood handles can warp and be contaminated with bacteria?
Stainless steel cookware scratches
What to do if pan/pot is burning (with or without food)
Stock: Canned, Bouillon Cubes and Powder
Finding the Right Coffee Grind
Silicone Utensils and Cookware
Water boiling and cooking time
preservation of uncooked dill pickles
Polenta problem
Are fluted knives a gimmick?
Why get a chef's knife or santoku if I don't eat meat?
How do I make buckwheat pancakes without non-stick cookware?
Dry cured chicken with bad odor
How to prevent salt from releasing from dry cured chicken?
How accurate are kitchen scales?
I have a jar of Hannah's Pickled Sausages. What now?
Why are oil bubbles when cooking bacon only around the bacon?
Chocolate: difference between "Cocoa Mass" and "Cacao"?
how long do you have to cook lemon curd for?
How can I make lemon and chilli liquid to have with hummus?
How to replace polenta in Mexican Polenta Casserole recipe
Cooked corn kernels, but not from corn cob
Is foreigner-grade VB sold within Australia?
Why did my red chili powder turn brown?
What are the crunchy bits on top of Thai mango with sticky rice?
Can I use a gas oven spring form in my electric oven?
How to thicken garlic dressing
White stains and stainless steel cookware
Removing oil bubbles from bolognese sauce
What is the correct temperature for storing home-made frozen yogurt?
Using avocado oil as a substitute to olive oil
Substitute for egg yolk in chocolate truffles?
Substitute for whipped topping?
Should homemade lasagna be frozen cooked or uncooked?
Help Identifying a pale green, spherical squash-y like vegetable
What kinds of milk are low in carbs?
How do you emphasize the yeast flavor in bread?
Glass Food Processor
Making soda with yeast
Getting cream from evaporated milk
Heat pot first or is it okay to heat with food?
How long to cook pork ribs in the oven?
Why does room temperature coffee taste so bad, even to asnomics?
What part of the squid is edible?
Can evaporated milk be converted to "regular" milk?
storing liquor in cabin for the winter--quality loss?
What is a lean cut of beef (steak) to use in low calorie recipes?
Are potato fruits (not "potatoes") edible?
Cooking oranges to put in a cake
How to use a microwave oven's grill mode
Getting butter from yogurt
Minimizing or Controlling the Flavor of Infused Butter
Why were my banana muffins hard?
Botulinum Toxin in Home-Canned Green Beans
Shiraz / Persian / Wild Figs - How to eat them right? How to extract as much flavor as possible?
Why hot pack when raw pack is just as fast?
Cake in homemade chocolates
What is this technique where they add a thick sauce and spread it out with the back of a spoon
Does peppermint flavour work with orange flavour?
Is it OK to just have two cutting boards: one for stuff to be heated, another for other stuff?
Why does batter often taste sweeter than the baked product?
timing on baking a birthday cake
How do I get seasoning to stick to home-popped popcorn?
Margarine in place of shortening
travelling with cooked chickens
How to mix ingredients in bread machine?
How do I tell the freshness of raw chicken?
what is the correct consistency for cream cheese frosting
Electric Stove burner wattage matter?
First time canning....forgot to sterilize my jar. Advice please!
Does pizza need yeast?
Does "the canned spinach taste" have a name? Other than "the canned spinach taste"?
Non-alcoholic mint julep?
What can I substitute fennel pollen with?
Looking for a specific type of pasta to go with pesto
Why would a pressure cooker shorten a braise time?
What are the signs of a watermelon past its best?
Lavender subsitute for Grilled Eggplant Nicoise
Are there any general principles of ingredient substitutions?
meal planning software with collaboration and sharing
What does "curd" mean in a South Asian recipe?
Why use liquid nitrogen to make ice cream?
Rinse meat after marinating in yogurt?
Pyrex glass round casserole safety in high temperature
How can you make bread from pizza dough?
Guidelines for marinating vs seasoning steak based on grade and/or cut?
Rice vs pasta and potatoes
Why some fruits are less common for making jam?
How can I reduce the sliminiess of okra?
How to get dried split peas to be equivalent to fresh peas
How to get fresh green peas?
Should I use dried or fresh chilli/ginger in chai tea?
Could you use other liquors than vodka in pie dough?
Are sweet potatoes and yams treated different in terms of cooking?
Steaks taste horrid in the center?
Uncovered Raw Meat or Milk in Fridge
How much salt and pink salt do I need for pork sausage?
Can pressed cookies be made without creaming butter and sugar?
Doubts about forming a crust on a souffle to make it rise further
Is Russian Kale suitable for freezing?
can anyone explain why oil separation in a curry is indicator that the food is cooked?
How to store hard boiled eggs that are peeled so to avoid moisture build up?
How are macaron feet formed?
How do I debone fish quickly?
What's the technique for frying plantain?
Why do I need to put sablé dough in the fridge?
Sponge cake with only three ingredients - will this work at all?
Do coffee and tea need to be agitated while brewing?
How can I make my dish less sour?
How do I finely strain fresh coconut milk?
How can I store leftover puff pastry or make it more durable?
Saving spoiling mushrooms?
Butter separation in english toffee candy
Why would a recipe say mix all ingredients, then add egg and mix again?
What is redshell sushi or rødskjell sushi?
How can I preserve an orange (peel) for as long as possible?
Basil Pesto Vinaigrette - what kind of vinegar?
What can be done with Norwegian brown cheese Brunost other than a sandwich?
creme brulee without torch
What is the purpose of pie weights?
choux pastry, keep mixing while waiting for the roux to cool?
hollandaise cooked all the way
What is the proper word/term/expression to describe a dish that appears to be something different
What happens if I add corn before bringing the water to a boil?
What is the texture/taste difference between cured and uncured bacon?
Adding raw chia seeds to baked goods?
How long can pasteurized milk be refrigerated?
Oxtail soup, what is the normal simmer time?
Canning chow chow
What does "do." mean in old recipes?
Egg replacement for fried chicken
Food-safe rotary evaporator grease
Sous Vide Roast: What should I do with the excess liquid in the bag?
Fruit Tea- Tastes Sour?
How long can I store a 'naked' Pavlova?
What knife should I take if traveling?
Lowering oven temps
Which leaves of Savoy cabbage to use in smoothies?
Baking wheat and dairy-free bread with only dry yeast
Is there an official comprehensive list of E-numbers?
Sirloin Tip Kebab cooking times
How to do a beer-butt chicken?
Thermador Convection Warming Drawer
Cast iron pan has black residue on it
Storing chocolate at home in the summer
Sprouting Potatoes in Fridge? Safe to eat?
How to make smooth Chumus?
Do metal skewers make a considerable different cooking time than wooden?
Freezing an unbaked pie
What is the "grain" in 45 grain brown rice vinegar?
What is the shelf life of opened cheeses?
What should I use to marinate chicken with a lime seasoning?
Why did my organic chicken come out like rubber after roasting?
Why is my chicken all rubbery?
How to grill portabello mushrooms properly
How long will whole coffee beans last in the freezer?
Why does cooking mushrooms longer alter the taste so much?
emulisified sauces
What are proper methods of cooking stovetop lentils?
Poached eggs dissolve while cooking?
Do lamb kidneys require their cores to be removed and what is the easiest way to remove them?
Substitute for chicken broth in tomato soup
How can I prepare dried minced garlic?
How many peppercorns to a 2 litre Beef Casserole?
Salt in boiled meat
How do I intensify my marinade/brine?
How do I roast a whole duck so that fat drips out easily and the skin gets crispy?
Why do chefs use Gold and Silver Leaf?
How to make sorbet have a snowy texture?
Should "Magic Mousse" be grainy?
Does adding alcohol to dough prevent it from soaking oil when deep-frying?
How to clean settled oil fumes from cabinets?
Is there any way to use oversized okra?
Why did I have to coat my veggies with flour?
Smoking a pig at 225 F vs barbecuing one at 250F?
is frozen hamburger ok to eat after the sell by date?
Using pectin as a fat replacement
Why would I turn canning jars upside down for 15 minutes after removing from the water bath?
Is there a food that is halfway between a cheesecake and regular cake?
Soak clams with cornmeal: yes or no?
What's the difference between Santa Cruz Rum and Jamaican Rum?
How does fat affect gluten development in strudel/phyllo dough?
What ingredients can be used to prevent rapid ice cream melting?
How can you speed up a genoise cake mixing?
Preservative for pickles
Low fat marinades that still work
What water temperature should be used for instant coffee?
Black tea water: Does boiling water first make a difference?
Homemade pop tarts coming out too dry / crumbly
Why do purple snap beans turn green when cooked?
Drying Picked Beans (Scarlet Runners)
Is it possible to make a beverage that evaporates on contact with the consumer's tongue?
Would pastes made from vinegar and seeds other than mustard seeds be palatable?
Gritty texture in cookies
What is the easiest way to grind poppy seeds?
Should I use a metal pan or non-stick pan for cooking salmon on the stove top?
Difference between Rajasthani "sev tamatar nu shak" and Gujrati "sev tamatar nu shak"
Coolest part of the fridge
How far ahead of time can I make or bake a bread with fruit and honey in it?
Temperature-stable spices
Can I use chopped white onion instead of pearl onion?
What special knowledge or skills about coffee do baristas have?
What causes seals to fail when canning?
Are normal cooking thermometers suitable to use as tea thermometers?
How can I susbtitute unseasoned rice vinegar for seasoned?
Test if whitish chocolate has bloom or is spoiled
Is marinade safe if it has had incidental contact with meat?
Why do some recipes require or insist on the use of a wok over the use of a skillet / pan?
Can you tell how ripe a banana is by the actual fruit not the peel?
How important is fresh ground coffee vs a good coffee grinder?
Diagrammatic Notations for Recipes
How quickly does soy lecithin lose its effect?
How much fizz in water carbonated with ISI whipper?
How can I get thinner pancakes?
Can I use cream of tartar in place of tataric acid
What's an effective method to strain liquids?
How much nutrition dissolves in boiling water?
What's the difference between "baby lamb" and "lamb"?
How to get a sourdough like effect without the hassle of a real sourdough starter?
Is there a term for the differentiating effects on loaves of bread?
How to scale up modernist Potato Puree?
Is titanium cookware safe?
How to identify a good espresso?
How does one use cocoa butter in cooking?
What is the best way to reheat a sub-style sandwich?
Coooking the Turkey the night before
Using Soy Meat in Lasagna
Do pickled sausages need to be refrigerated?
What are the preferred veal cuts for sausage making?
Use flour vs oil in rising dough
Pineapple upside down cake alteration
Do you hone paring knives?
Is cast iron skillet suitable for vegans?
Panko-breaded tilapia, medium fried, non-stick pan, absorbed oil
Why do baking recipes call for instant coffee instead of fresh ground coffee?
Can you eat lambs hooves?
Dealing with a hank of natural sausage casings
Is baking powder the same thing as baking flour?
Is cinnamon sweet?
Cooking white (cannellini) beans: What went wrong?
Where does the Asian dish "sang choi bow" come from?
Pulled pork - interrupted cooking in oven?
Why is a 4 lb bag of sugar at the grocery store hard as a rock?
I am trying to cook Buta no Kakuni or Japanese pork belly but it's tough
How did/do the Russians make carrot tea?
Are chestnut mushrooms and baby portabella mushrooms the same thing?
Slow cooked steak
Water in the microwave to reheat pizza better
How to stuff Brown Sugar croissants?
How to fry big potato pancakes for hungarian pancakes?
Can I RE-freeze chicken soup after it has thawed?
Can bad honing technique spoil a knife?
Fennel mandarin salad
Why does spinach lose its texture when cooked?
What grains are gluten free?
Is acid required when pressure canning?
What's the difference between a cupcake and a muffin?
Can food spoil at cold temperatures?
At what temperature will the fats on meat render?
secret ingredient in a restaurant bolognese
Canning pickles and sealing lids
How do I cook store-bought glutinous rice dumplings?
From elastic to fragile chocolate
Ginger precipitation
refrigerating meat after cooking
Will old corn meal ruin muffins?
How to make the best of tough meat while camping?
Is the "gamey" taste of venison just a polite name for "rotten"?
Using Agar agar beyond its use by date
My cookies are turning out like cakes
How to achieve tender or crunchy toasted lentil sprouts?
Camellia sinensis var. assamica in Yunnan?
Can I use expired cream cheese spread?
Name of an Indian dish with stuffed whole potatoes
Why does my spinach pasta break when I run it through the cutter?
How do I create spherical coffee?
What's the difference between rectangular tea bags and pyramid tea bags?
What's the chemical difference between normal coffee beans and Kopi Luwak?
In brewing coffee, do I need to use filtered water and what kind of filter should I use?
My espresso shot is extracting too quick, what am I doing wrong?
How long does it take to ripen tomatoes in a bag with bananas?
Steel Cut Oats: cooking in milk vs. water
Will the ingredients of "baking powder" store indefinitely?
How do I confit a Pork Neck
Caramel Coating producing inconsistent results
Is aluminum pressure cooker reactive? Will it give "off" flavors?
Is leaving a Teflon rice cooker on overnight dangerous?
When should I add spinach to homemade pizza?
How can I thicken margaritas?
What is the best way to store ground coffee?
How does mixing different kinds of beers/liquors mask the taste of alcohol?
How do I pour from a dutch oven without making a mess?
Vegetable Oil vs. Canola oil in DIY Spreadable butter
Advice on use and care of Le Creuset cast iron skillet
Is there a bacteria that would eat gluten for cooking?
I'm tweaking a Lasagna Bolognese
Is regular unsweetened cocoa powder safe uncooked?
Does freezing non-freezable liquids affect life span
Chopped onion versus dried minced onion
Sauerkraut for hot dogs
Who knows what this fruit is called?
What's the fluid that comes out from cheese after heating it up?
Using toasted sesame oil in a cilantro "pesto"?
Whisky instead of wine in marinades?
Can I defrost and refreeze chicken?
How to replace icing sugar and glucose in a cake icing?
Should I cook my pot roast on high or low?
Can I use "spent" lemons (juiced) to preserve?
Beer Battered Onion Rings -- what makes them look shiny?
What is the shelf life of unground coffee beans?
What makes a moist steak (or roast)?
Where can I find the most complete possible list with raw products and their respective pH?
How much turkey should I plan per person?
Good uses for leftover Bechamel?
Which foods and ingredients are the main sources of fibre in traditional Lao cuisine?
What are the advantages of a long knife?
What is the best way to thaw chicken for use tonight?
How can I estimate cooking time for a brined and roasted turkey?
Kimchi in Mason Jars -- Too Sealed?
What is the advantage of using kosher salt
Can anybody help make homemade pasta foolproof?
Looking for the name of a sweet green drink
Mould in water when making preserved duck eggs
What causes curding in this case: heating milk with large quantities of sugar
How to pack items that may leak liquids for lunch?
How long can boiled eggs be stored in the fridge?
can I make my own powdered gluten
When simmering black eyed peas, should the water turn brown?
How do I prevent smoke problems indoors?
Anise, Pepper, Cinnamon, Cloves and Fennel better known?
Milk instead of water for sourdough?
Is it safe to eat the white “dots” in peaches?
At which temperature Parmesan cheese must be transported?
Help with sourdough bread
Can I eat white vinegar if it has tons of deposits in it?
How does a sourdough sponge work?
How to freeze your own produce & meals, without cell wall break down?
How to preserve and ship home made mayonnaise
Why does Mexican food taste dissonant with balsamic vinegar?
What is the white swirl in my bread and is it safe?
Ma Po Doufu without Pork
Why does the fat on my chicken broth sometimes solidify, sometimes not?
Why is milk powder used in bread machine recipes?
When smoking is temperature consistency more important than exact temperature?
Refrigerated lunchboxes turn soggy
Subsitute in this kale and grape recipe
Seasoning Cast Iron Pan but without Using Bacon or Lard
What is the purpose of adding oil when cooking scrambled eggs on non-stick pan?
Where do all the tough old birds go?
What are the acceptable methods to thaw food items?
What are the differences between fresh beans and dried ones?
What is causing my sauerkraut to smell sweet?
Gluten Free Thin Crust Pizza - Tips and Explanation?
How to make chocolate mousse that will set?
I ate undercooked steak, what can happen to me?
How long will egg yolks keep?
How do i select a gin to use in making sloe gin?
Cooked beef roast covered with red coloring
Why brewed coffee in a pot needs a lid?
Making dumplings without a snug lid
Can anyone identify this chocolate?
Why are there spikes growing out of my ice tray?
Do silicone baking mats come in 14x16" sizes?
Can I leave the okara in when making tofu?
Looking to bake side dishes, having problems with dryness
Substituting hazelnuts for almonds, baking
Holes in baked cake
Can liqueurs be reduced?
Is this 'browned butter'?
How to substitute butter with combination of butter and shortening in cookie/biscuit making?
How to make biscuits having flaky texture even after using water in the dough?
How to make a sandwich bread with a very soft crust? And what is the ideal temperature to bake sandwich bread?
Sugar in tea better if put after boiling
Are cooked shrimp shells edible?
Can you recommend a good shop to get spices from in Derby?
Harissa and Ras El Hanout (North African staple spice blends)
Replacement for pasta that is natural and fairly low carb
Is unwrapped refrigerated cheese safe?
Cooking temperature chart
food safety regarding re freezing twice cooked chicken
What pan can be subsituted for a Paella pan?
Why does freshly slaughtered chicken needs to be cooled down before cooking?
Crumbly cookie dough
Kale vs Spinach in Zuppa Toscana lasting
Baked Creamy Chicken enchilada casserole
Can a cream cheese cake be left out and for how long?
Corn Starch vs Potato Starch
Can you make a French Buttercream in a food processor? (Experiment Results)
Is it possible to make transparent / translucent pastry?
How to make a restaurant style meatless Hot and Sour Soup
I have an insanely hot pepper: now what?
Why does this sunflower butter exude green liquid?
Can you use brandy instead of rum in cake recipe
Alternative to Escolar ("Butter Fish") for Nigirizushi
Can soft-boiled eggs be reboiled and turned into hard-boiled eggs?
Ceramic pan overheating damage
Can I use yogurt cheese in cheesecake by substituting the cream cheese?
Excess coriander in mutton curry
What can I do to make sure plaice filet doesn't get dry?
Can I make meatloaf with soy burger meat?
How to eat/serve take no tsuyu (たけの露)?
Why did my hummus go bad?
Is it safe to throw frozen meat in marinade?
What is the key to making beef soft?
What's the most cost effective way to make chicken bone broth?
Sprouting fenugreek seeds? Are seeds for sprouting different than the ones in the spice aisle?
How to keep lemons, oranges and grapefruits fresh longer?
How to keep pumpkin fresh for a long time?
Rodent droppings on cast-iron frying pan
Keeping scrambled eggs with tomatoes from being too watery
Baking flour and sour cream -US /UK terms
grams of fat on nutrition facts label don't add up
Safe to leave oven on at 180F while at work to cook ribs?
Why does the beef in Goulash need to be floured and brown before cooking?
Wine sediment clinging to top of bottle?
Is there any danger to letting food cook in a slow cooker for a very long time?
Smallest muffin size without losing the muffin top?
Masa Harina and a pasta roller?
How do you crack eggs on a tawa without running away?
Sous vide vegetables packed in advance?
How to make dutch pannekoek?
Frozen Kefir Grains Seem Dead...Any Suggestions?
When soaking chickpeas (garbanzo beans), do I discard floaters?
What's the skinny on fat asparagus?
Any suggestions on caps for Bakers and Chefs plastic squeeze bottles?
Shelf life of Sesame Oil?
What is yellow rock sugar, for pho?
How long to steam eggs for? (Instead of hard boiling)
Why the common basic taste of energy drinks is tutti-frutti?
How does baking temperature affect kale chips?
Substitutes for cheese due to allergy.
Mascarpone and Almond pasta Sauce?
How to make a smooth crème brûlée top
Suggestions for meal-for-two with one lamb shank
Furman's Italian Style Tomatoes
How to make my croissants to grow?
Is this "true" cinnamon?
Chicken Stock gelatinous
What is the definition of a cup of coffee
Parchment paper and crumb crusts?
Why isn't a Sourdough starter unsanitary?
Should tamarind pulp go into Pad Thai sauce?
Why stuff a roast chicken with lemon, onion, and thyme?
Potato Crisp making
Can you put whole eggs in a blender?
Is a black coating dangerous when cooking on cast iron?
Condensed milk instead of evaporated
Is a peanut a nut?
Italian Sausage still a little pink?
How far will my summer truffle and water go?
How to turn over large number of items halfway through baking oven
How do you use the gizmo for Café Sua Da?
cake undercooked or too wet?
What are sugar-free sweets actually made from?
Can you develop an immunity to chopping onions causing tears?
Pork butt roast: slicing temp vs pulling temp
What ingredient, besides beans, creates a complete protein together with rice?
Increasing my pancake recipe..Are soda and salt in a different ratio than the other ingredients?
Aromatics from roasted chicken and sauce
Chicken breast sous vide: Time in fridge matters?
Will a pork shoulder be dry after 16 hours at 110C
Which part of the coffee brew is best?
Can "cream-style" corn substitute for creamed corn in cornbread?
Small turkey for practice
Can I test my oven temperature without an oven thermometer?
Is my milk spoiled?
Sushi rolls opening up
Halving Spice Mixtures
My meringue forms syrup beads on top
What substitution can I make for blonde cane sugar in macaroons?
Does egg make the cookies rise(puffy)?
Celeriac (aka: Celery Root) Skin - Edible or Not?
Tip to avoid avocado in Sushi rolls from getting black or dark
What is this Ceramic Container?
better to marinate in vacuum?
Safe fenugreek sprouting in a jar?
Separate cutting boards: Cooked vs Uncooked meat
Rehydrating Dried Rosemary for Bread?
Ball Shaper for Batter
Making the most out of stock
What can I do with badly cooked honeycomb?
Fresh tomatoes for home-made pizzas, is it worth it?
Reduce the watering from tomatoes in a dish or sauce
Fried Dough Balls Too Doughy
Differences between canned and fresh tomatoes
What to do with browned butter after frying a steak
Is it safe to re-heat food twice in a short time span?
why does soy milk curdle when salt is added
How do I make oatmeal chocolate chip cookies that are thick?
What can I use as a replacement for Curry Powder?
What general rules should I follow to ensure that my measurements are accurate?
What, other than popcorn, can be made in a popcorn maker?
Is tea that has been out on air for long dangerous to drink?
Turning regular noodles into no-boil noodles
How can I make my cheese sauce creamier?
What would cause maple syrup bottles to bulge?
Why does cheese sometimes slide off my pizza and how can I prevent it?
Will a Dutch oven be a good investment in a motor home with a butane gas burner?
how do some sandwiches feel creamy
Why are some foods preferentially eaten at certain times of day?
Did I poison myself by eating popcorn made in a steel pot with olive oil?
Over mixing, when do I have to be aware of it? (Baking cookies)
Will a sharpener for a wider edge ruin a knife with a narrow edge?
The importance of timing to adding spices
Does simple syrup require refrigeration?
Roasted Pork Leg is Dried Out
Should a sourdough starter be left open/ajar after feeding?
How to remove unwanted aftertaste from food
What is flavor development?
Is there pattern to stack lasagna?
How fast does pork fat spoil?
Does cooking raw meat/poulty extend its shelf life?
Why do the bottoms of my cookies look like cakes?
Bread Book Suggestions
cheapest blender for hot liquids
Fenugreek Sprouts - How am I doing? Am I done?
How to dethaw multiple pieces of steak when not planning to use them all at once
Why did my mango vodka infusion have a gelatin residue?
How to remoisten sweetened coconut after opening?
How to make crackle top chocolate chip cookies?
Substituting pumpkin for butter
What is the shelf life of pickled gherkins stored dry?
Unfreezing and cooking steaks like ribeye or club steaks
Breaking Bad - Glass Frying Pan
Reheat cooked meat in microwave
How to identify a fresh meat?
Sous-vide - What does circulation accomplish?
How do I know if condiments in refrigarator are good?
What should I set my refrigerator's temperature control's to keep it coldest?
Metal vs paper filter for Chemex?
Béchamel and pomodoro
Milk temperature for white sauce
Yeast 101: Active Dry Yeast, Instant Yeast, Baking Soda, Baking Powder. Differences and Info
What can I use, beside applesauce, to replace fat in baking?
Why do salt flakes start building up in a bottle of mineral water after it was first opened?
Too much gin in potato-scallion soup
(How) Can I fry red lentils?
How to get clean, dry marshmellows?
Why does my Wonder Pot now bake unevenly?
Non-alcoholic substitution for dry white wine in bolognese sauce and other tomato sauces?
Are there ingredients I should avoid in a brine?
Removing spiciness from a dish
Goat cheese royale definition?
Best practices for cooking steaks such as rib-eye at home
How do I choose frozen fish so that it doesn't release so much water?
Can quickbread be prepared in advance?
When can I use coconut oil as a substitution for other fats?
Can gravlax be prepared from frozen salmon?
Can you make porridge out of P.A.N. harina?
How can I improve sealing of bags for sous vide?
What is a tourne knife used for?
What is the advantage to using a knife beveled on one side only?
Letting Chicken thaw in fridge?
Reheating homemade meal
Are vacuum pump effective to improve wine conservation?
What to do with leftover crumb topping?
Ground beef smells slightly sweet?
Crisp skin of meat in the beginning or end of roasting and meat in aluminum foil
Alkaline tasting bacon - is it safe?
I'm brewing hard cider - what can I do with the yeast afterward?
Homemade Corn Tortillas: How to get the back side cooked the same as the face?
Do shrimp really have sex with their siblings before being served raw in sushi?
Baking Souffles
What makes the Pillsbury canned biscuits puff up?
Brewing coffee concentrate using both hot and cold methods - Freezing concentrate
The consistency of my hot chocolate is off, what do I do?
Non-spicy flavors for a spicy-hot food lover?
Is it ok to use plastic containers to bake in an electric oven?
The name or chemical compound responsible for a specific quality of some spices (numbness)
Can I make choux pastry with an electric hob?
How long does breakdown of collagen etc. take for sirloin cooked sous vide?
Will texture of fish cooked sous vide change, when cooking times increase?
What is "Irish Moss"?
How can I get a syrupy "mouth-feel" in sugar-free syrup?
How is baking bread in a ceramic pan different from using a metal one?
How to decide between a French or a German pattern chef's knife?
Can I substitute regular dried lemon peel for sweetened dried lemon peel?
Sour Almonds use
What method of extracting oil from almonds preserves the most almond flavor?
Vegemite in a tube?
Recipe calls for garlic powder and all I have is garlic salt
Ammonia in food
Can Guava seeds be used to make a coffee-like drink?
Do tea-like drinks typically require the plant material be dried or processed?
Why would a baking recipe call for both cake and bread flour?
Preserving Onions
Ganache coating on a roulade
How do I get crispy but thin bread crust?
Would it be advisable to partially pre-grill hamburgers and freeze so that they can be pan fried when a customer orders?
Canned cubed tomatoes vs crushed
What sous vide parameters for entrecote?
Why exactly do leafy vegetables turn to mush when frozen uncoooked?
Can I bake 1 round of puff pastry on top of another
Some batter falls off during deep fry
How can I color pasta during cooking or afterwards, preferably using natural coloring?
How to bake chips in microwave using grill?
Bread Making - Ideal times
What is soy chicken and how is it prepared?
Does this sound like a reasonable way to slow cook a rib-eye?
Cold stuffed mushrooms?
How to get a cake or pie like flavor with tea?
Refrigerator pickles in plastic?
What is the purpose of papillote on lamb bones?
How to make a cappuccino not overflow?
how long should I reheat frozen lasagna?
How do I keep my melted candy windows in my gingerbread house from cracking?
Why do my cakes turn mouldy?
How do cooking utensils remain safe for use?
Smoke detector goes off when baking chicken breast
Preparing soy milk at home
Can I use reverse osmosis water for cooking?
Bread too dense
Which cut makes cheapest goulash?
Substitue for paneer? Have low fat milk, plain youghurt, cream cheese and butter
First-Aid Kit for Kitchens
How to fix ghee which partly turned white and smells rancidly?
Jalapeno condiment for pho
Reusing marinade JUST used for raw chicken
Why did my chicken fingers not brown?
Why cook green plantains?
Downside of 'Turbo' mode on rice cooker?
Creating a thanksgiving brine for a 7-8 lb Turkey?
How do I pickle hot peppers?
How to stick oreo biscuits together to make a tower?
Is the cover of Parmigiano-Reggiano edible?
Freezing Hazelnuts, before or after peeling and roasting?
slow roasting; internal temperature higher than oven temperature
What's the best way to strain stock?
Problems with my technique in making a Belgian Liege Waffle
Keeping bananas fresh for longer
Storing raw cranberry
BBQ Rib problem, need suggestions
What's an appropriate shelf-life for refrigerated pre-peeled garlic?
What's the name of the black-brown decoration sauce used in French cooking?
What can I do with the fat skimmed from chicken stock?
Too much cardamom in apple butter
Why are my hazelnuts/filberts bitter?
How to keep fried fish warm and crispy during transport to venue?
I want to cook chicken legs, but will be out of house for 2.5 hours at what temp do I need to cook it at so it's not over or under cooked
Can I use flavored beers in beer bread?
Cause for Popovers not Rising in Oven?
Reducing Canned Pumpkin (as per America's Test Kitchen)
How to store/what to do with leftovers from Ayurvedic ginger & turmeric cold/flu drink?
Chinese cooking troubleshooting: still biting into pieces of ginger
Using fresh pumpkin as a substitute for canned
Confused about the addition of garlic
How do I use my lever press correctly?
Do I need to peel a red kuri squash?
How to keep a green smoothie from getting 'frothy'?
How to pick ripe plantains for maduros?
Do these smoked ham hocks which contain dextrose, contain gluten?
Digital meat thermometer that does not cause juice losses
Homemade Tofu Firmness
Making hazelnut flour with *just* blanched/peeled hazelnuts
Can I make a good pizza in a home portable oven?
How much sugar and corn starch is in commercial icing sugar?
How to add banana flavor to my cookies?
Best practices to minimize smoke when cooking meat using a cast iron skillet
Heating up with steam
Adding Noodles to Soup
Can I pressure can roasted sweet peppers without sugar or vinegar?
How hot does the water need to be when cooking stock?
Olive oil vs almond oil for frying ground beef?
Flan recipe calls for a blender; how can I make it in a mixer instead?
Why is my cheese sauce sweet?
Black/purple ingredient in stir fry?
Too much pepper in soup: any way to fix?
How to store extra, unused brine?
Can Wilton cake fondant be kept in freezer?
Can I make invert syrup in situ when making candy?
How long, optimally, should you marinate chicken or beef?
What are the differences between baking in bulk and baking in smaller amounts?
Why is my sherbet loosing flavour?
Dry edges on sponge cake, nest 2 sheet pans for insulation?
How can I eat or drink chocolate as Montezuma would have consumed it in pre-Columbian Mexico?
How to carbonate a drink?
How to make hot chocolate drink thicker?
Does sauerkraut go bad?
Utilizing both oven racks when baking
Uses for Pork gelatin?
What happens with bread at >= 94˚C/201˚F? Or: Is temperature a reliable indicator of doneness?
How to make flavoured rice like uncle ben's chinese rice?
How does sourdough (wild yeast) starter differ from location to location?
Is sourdough actually sour?
How long is garlic butter safe, and why is it not a botulism risk like garlic in oil?
How to prevent minced chicken from sticking and forming a single lump?
How deeply will the flavors in a brine penetrate chicken?
Pressure cookers -- why are they good at things normally cooked at low heat?
How to cook chicken cutlets in a cast-iron skillet
Using a bundt pan in place of loaf pans
Why are non-orange coloured carrots so uncommon?
Marinating Chicken before stewing it. Will there be a significant difference in the flavour?
Do burgers cook better when close or far apart?
French bread falls after scoring, how can I achieve a tall loaf
Best apples for apple pie
How can I achieve even browning on the bottom of baked buns?
Are dark walnuts ok to eat?
White chocolate mud cake with dark chocolate ganache?
How to reheat a baked potato?
Peanut butter logs
Why does my flour sifter have cup markings
Is pork for bo ssam made entirely without oil?
Demerera sugar vs. brown sugar
How to clean a wooden cauldron lid?
How to boil away water from a sauce without it splashing?
My chicken stock is a gelatinous mess. Is this normal? Can it be saved?
Wax paper sticking to homemade taffy - what to use for wrapping?
Liquid nitrogen ice cream in food processor?
How important are eggs for a muffin recipe?
Uncooked pot roast
Storage of Pickle Brine (Without Cucumbers)
What's the Procedure for This Pie?
Why are most juices sold for the same price?
When carefully separating eggs, what to do with the chalazae?
Why is my Mango Pickle foaming with Gas after 3 days, it is beginning to overflow, even though I left 2" from the cap
Tea taste changes if watered down after steeping
Crunchy/fried grapefruit?
What is processed meat?
What is this sushi?
Is cornstarch and AP flour really a good substiture for cake flour?
How to prevent fondant from crumbling?
Can you rehydrate phyllo dough?
Can you cook chicken breasts frozen on the George Foreman Grill?
Are Pyrex casserole dishes safe for use on electric stovetops?
Is there a way to make leafy green vegetables absorb salt throughout their tissue?
What elements in green leafy vegetables provide carbohydrates?
steam vs. bake a sugar pumpkin
When making filled cupcakes, is it possible to bake a custard filling in it?
How much dried lemon zest to substitute for "zest of one lemon"?
What are some alternatives to xanthan gum for stabilizing mayonnaise?
How to ship holiday cookies?
Create hot "sauce" from capsaicin extract
Can you replace whole eggs with only egg whites when baking pumpkin pie?
What would be good substitute for Thyme and Oregano in Chili
Easy way to trim raw chicken thighs
How do I render large quantities of fat?
Can I turn coarse coarnmeal into fine with a blender?
Why does my rice cooker's steam hole always clog?
Using cloves in stocks/broths
Detergent Contamination of Processed Foods
Cooking a turkey in an electric roasting pan for the first time
Melted chocolate inside the cookies
Can you thaw a frozen turkey in a dryer?
Add Cocoa Butter to Chocolate Chips to Temper?
What's the best (minimalist) way to cook venison, specifically the backstrap?
Lumps of flour in my sauce
Saving my 'bacon'
Pan For Induction Heating
Can you add alcohol to chocolate being tempered?
Can white wine vinegar be used instead of white vinegar?
What's the best way to stack a three-tiered wedding cake that is not covered in fondant/marzipan?
How can I turn my muffin batter into the natural blue color from blueberries?
How long is the longest I can slow cook pork shoulder?
Help for thin flavorless jam
What is the difference between saute and caramelizing toppings?
Can I blend hot soup in a ninja?
a good substitute for pineapple when cooking a ham
How can I make frosting without powdered sugar
How to go about reducing sugar in a butter cake recipe?
Cheesecake Reincarnation
Frying a turkey while snowing
Can a loose leaf tea basket be used for steeping/brewing coffee?
How long to cook multiple food items with varying temperatures?
Does oil/butter help rise the dough?
What is the magic time and temperature for stewing meat and vegetables?
What is the difference between roasting and toasting?
Too much heavy cream in my pumpkin pie?
Why do recipes call for the vanilla to be added last?
What am I doing wrong with my Kool-Aid pickles?
Why is bacon commonly baked in a cold oven?
Non-coconut substitute for coconut cream?
Small emulsified breakfast sausages in Dutch countries
How long to cook stuffed turkey
What quick Thanksgiving treats can I make?
can I freeze chicken defrost it and eat cold for lunch?
Baking after rising
Exotic pop corn receipe
brown sugar has gained some moisture, want to remove
What should I look for in an alternative to crème fraîche?
Freeze friendly baked side dishes
What's the use of the hexagon bottom in braisers?
How does hydration of a sourdough affect baking features?
I saved the geletinious material from roasting the turkey. Is this appropriate for use in turkey soup?
What is the layer of grey stuff on the bottom of salmon?
Problems with rapid melting ice cream. Making it without a machine
How close to the top should I fill a pie to avoid overflow?
Why does my cake have to be inverted? Why a 2-layer appearance?
Liquid Pockets in Cream Cheese
Bagels - Baking Soda or Sugar in the Water?
Bundt Pan for a Citris Olive Oil Cake?
Vacuum sealer exclusively for canning jars?
Difference between Potato Pancake and Hash Browns?
Is there a typical ratio for Herbes de Provence?
How do I convert a recipe from a stew to use a slow-cooker
Does spoiled milk make any ingredient?
How to make curly homemade flat noodles
Safe to use rice cooker after mold grew on rice?
Substituting Diced Canned Tomatoes for Fresh
How long can I keep espresso in the fridge?
Making tea - milk first or tea first
Storing/transporting nut brittle in tins
Can I defrost chicken to separate then refreeze?
What is the difference between Orbit Gum and Orbit for Kids
How to dry royal icing fast?
Which kind of basil should I use?
Is there any way to make single cream to double cream?
What is what I'm doing called?
Cranberries taste bitter
Are these vestigial seeds in a "seedless" orange?
When should I press garlic and when should I chop it?
Best potato varieties to use for mashing
Cooking potatoes - baking covered in salt for mashing
Home-made fermented/ cured sausages numbing sensation
What edible solution can I cover bread in to make it waterproof?
How long is it safe to keep sausage?
How cooking temperature and oven set up can help prevent cakes from becoming too brown or burnt on top?
How to crisp breaded foods the next day (especially panko)
Using yeast that's been proofed
How long can I keep bread dough in the refrigerator?
Is continuously simmering or refrigerating cooked soup a more effective way to prevent spoilage?
Maintaining sizzler plate
Can I dry-brine a turkey crown while it's defrosting?
How do I adjust cooking time/temperature for peanut brittle?
Roasting this beef
Non-Quick Cooking Couscous - Is that a real thing anywhere?
How can I achieve flavorful, gelatinous pork broth economically?
Better kinds of knives for elderly persons?
How is this kind of cattle called?
What is the effect of adding eggs to a pastry dough?
When cooking or baking is it better to steam peppers or add them raw?
Why should we add alcohol to make extract
Jars of salsa, do I have to boil the jars if they sealed on their own?
Does an induction stove require flat bottomed vessels?
Food Safety mould on raw beets
How can I modify my hot sauce to make it Shelf Stable?
Liquefying through long boiling
Frozen onions in root cellar
How long is the cooking time for pork roast?
Microwave Butternut Squash
Liquefying through long boiling
Non-dairy ice cream
How long can fresh yeast be frozen?
Fresh pasta work surface
Japanese steak house menu item?
Forgot sugar in sugar cookies
steaming cabbage
If a few of my eggs crack when making them hard-boiled, is it still safe to eat them?
How do I separate two fish fillets that have been frozen together?
Using dark rum instead of white rum
need to convert US recipe calling for tomato sauce to equivilant in UK
First onion or first minced meat?
My sugar cookies taste dry/stale
How to preserve cotton candy
What is a "Bubble Gum" flavor
Molasses - dry vs. wet
Is there a way to make delicious donuts with a small amount of oil?
Should I bag hard candy or not?
Sugar cookie dough is dry and real hard
Is it safe to eat fish that has been left out in the cold overnight?
Can I use brown sugar in No Bake Cookies instead of Granulated Sugar?
How can I convert a muffin recipe to make crumpets?
Baking a Brie with the outer rind broken
Chocolate ganache
Refrigerating leftover cooked potato
Are carrots safe to eat after they have turned black?
Will these mince pies still be good and/or safe to consume?
How can I make whole wheat bread and biscuits with out the bitter taste?
Are Devil’s Cigar mushrooms poisonous?
What happened to my cake?
When a recipe calls for 'individually wrapped caramels', are these soft caramels (e.g. Jersey caramels) or hard candies (like werthers cream candies?)
Ideas for a pescetarian Turducken (aka a fish in a fish in a fish)
What is the difference between normal oils and cooking oils?
What's the best approach to get runny-yolk sunny side up fried eggs?
Is there any alcohol remaining in beer-stewed chicken?
Pumpkin puree refreeze
Roasting two ham roasts at once
Calculating Nutrition Information for Commercial Food Labeling
A question on the level of water when making tea in an electic kettle?
What Tea leaves are used in Kashmiri Pink tea
What kinds of apples are suited to be filled with cranberries and baked?
lemon zest substitute
Adding Adjuncts to Meringues
How to approach making fruit custards?
How long can I refrigerate cookie dough?
What is a good way to cook Turkey Chops?
What kind of bread crumbs is being used here? (picture and video)
Name of the sauce/salad eaten with roast dinners up north UK
Silicone utensils are changing the taste of my egg whites
How Is Microwave Popcorn Flavoured?
American Potatoes vs. Spanish Potatoes
Can Southern Blue Whiting replace Cod?
Turkish Coffee necessities
Powder to prevent foam in egg white protein?
What is the reason for weighing a slice of fish?
pie pan question
Do the Properties of Oils Change if They're Cooked?
My bread cuts doesn't expand the way I like
malted balls centers
When (and how) do I add a pre-packaged japanese curry to a slow-cooker?
Type of salt to use for Indian recipes
Olive wood cooking utensils: Seasoning, care, and maintenance?
Are there any risks using a non-microwavable plastic plate in the microwave?
eco-friendly whipping siphon
Stainless steel pan too hot?
Are they're any ovens that have Programmable Stove top element features like an OVEN start stop feature?
Does kale taste sweeter and more flavorful after being frozen?
Help wanted to identify this food item (oriental)
Is it Safe to Fry Honey?
Rocky road seized up?
Why did my caramel come out grainy?
How to make professional style burger buns?
Cooking with kefir
If a recipe calls for Pectin NH can I use other pectin?
Why will my dense, concentrated stock not solidify to jelly?
What causes mold to grow on frozen meats?
Additional Time Needed for Baking Two Loaves of Bread at same time?
Why are Zucchini's refrigerated, but not acorn and spaghetti squash?
Raspberries too wet in muffin
Does glutinous rice flour function differently from regular rice flour as a coating?
Enameled Cast Iron vs Stainless Steel Roasting Pans
White ganache from cocoa butter won't set
Keeping meat juices to make gravy
Par boil roast potatoes
What is the name of this Italian pastry?
Sediment in chicken stock
Additional Cooking Time When baking more than one loaf of quick bread
How can I mask the flavor of frozen vegetables in soup?
How am I supposed to heat a pie-iron-style pizzelle iron?
Something wrong with pizza dough - 3rd time in a row
Can you flambé in any skillet?
Adding too much flour to bread dough in Kitchenaid Stand Mixer?
Truffle Errors - not enough chocolate
How do I make mayonnaise split?
Eggnog: After adding egg yolks, does chill time make a difference, before having added the egg whites?
Stuffing bread for the next day
Can polenta be baked?
Does Heating Up A PTFE Non-Stick Pan Create "Fumes"?
How best to toast/brown marzipan?
How to store a Christmas pudding to make it drier?
Is it safe to eat chicken stored below 0c for about 8 days? If not what are the dangers?
Ganache by pouring before fondanting a cake
Should eggnog be chunky?
Slow roasting fresh ham
How to add pistachios in a white chocolate mudcake
Can I use store-bought custard for Portuguese Tarts?
When to carve a goose - hot or cold
Fondant recipe with egg white. Are there health risks?
Melon buying tips
transporting roast beef
Keeping beef jerky dry?
Can I roast nuts in a convection microwave oven?
How to predict what the final result of a recipe will weigh?
Frying mustard oils in indian tempering (tadka)
How long can I store homemade caramel or butterscotch sauce?
What causes changing blue and purple pigments in food?
Vinegar in stock
Replacement for Appenzeller?
How to prolong the life of chillies in a refrigerator?
Does Freezing Broccoli Dry it Out?
What ratio of rice is needed for lentils to be a "complete protein"?
Subs for baking mix/ eggs and condensed milk?
Frozen Misto pump head
Chicken has a strong, offensive chemical odor when boiled.
Should I use olive oil in in baking?
Do I have to put suet in my canned mincemeat?
How do I make my own chocolate chips?
Why don't dry aged/hung sausages go bad?
Sous vide timing for prime rib
Custard based ice cream vs eggless ice cream
How do I infuse cappuccino with real vanilla bean during brew?
What can I use hard, crunchy, leftover cookie-mistakes for?
How to set cookie crumbs
Should bubbles be forming only in center of pot when simmering? (Dutch oven on gas burner)
Can you use baking powder in a breading?
Pizza Dough Seasoning
How much prime rib should I plan per person?
Can cooking in a larger than intended vessel be disadvantageous in some way?
Is condensed milk the same as sweetened condensed milk?
How to make uncooked onion digestable?
Substituting Chicken Breast for Chicken Legs in Korma
Ceramic cup seems to be cracked internally, is it safe to use?
my chest freezer is going out.
Lyle's Golden Syrup tin design, why is it like this and how to clean it
What's special about ahi tuna?
I want to invest in some hotel pans for home cooking, what size and quantities should I buy?
Why is it easier to separate a cold egg?
Brine, then marinate?
Why use 2 types of flour in this Hooters Hot Wings copycat recipe?
Flambe, alcohol percentage and water residue
What consistency should flan have when it is removed from the oven?
Baking yeast breads in gas oven?
How does tangzhong (water roux) make bread softer?
Will storing a mix of vermouths alter their taste?
Can I bake 2 small cakes at the same time?
How to brown ground beef so it comes out uniform and not chunky?
Replacing whole milk with sweetened condensed milk for cheescake
Dry sous vide steak
Egg substitution in Indian meatball recipe
Can I freeze cranberry sauce?
Putting a wet pan on hot stove top
oil disappearing from pan
eggnog doubling the ingredients, what is the new cook time?
Cookie dough between batches - Refrigerate? Or no?
Can I make panna cotta using a flavored, non-gelatin "Jell Dessert"?
Keeping steaks hot after cooking in a cast-iron pan
Omelette cooked in oven or pan?
Is it ok to keep reusing a water bottle indefinitely?
Safety of vacuum packed smoked salmon in turned off fridge?
Why does Tomato Sauce (ketchup) require refrigeration but Barbecue sauce (like Worcestershire sauce) does not?
How to hold and then poach egg yolks?
Can I use any other flavor instead of vanilla in Copycat Sonic shake Recipe?
Why didn't the whey separate from the curds when I tried to make Shankgleesh cheese?
Can I really put frozen ramekins in a preheated oven?
How do I cut an acorn squash?
How does halving a bread recipe impact rising time?
Can you freeze egg noodle pasta?
Why do my stored cashews smell like fish?
Baked apple that was left out overnight?
Substituting some sugar for stevia
Is unopened mascarpone cheese still good if not refrigerated?
Why is wine not a common ingredient in (meat) stock?
How do I clean burnt milk from a glass-ceramic stove?
Can I put raw ground beef in the crockpot when making chili?
Is there an edible, vegetarian substitute for sausage casings?
What is the difference between microwave and convection microwave combo?
Making sticky rice without rice cooker
Can I cook gnocchi with sauce in the microwave?
Is it possible to freeze Eggplant Parmesan? If so, better to freeze before or after baking?
Why shouldn't I bake on scratched silicone mats?
Lemon juice and kale/green leaf lettuce salad produces a very horseradish-y taste and smell
Can you prepare eggplant by salting, then baking, then finally rinsing?
How can I make bread within one and a half hour?
How to cook extremely soft chicken?
How to make ground almonds creamy?
Removing that eggy smell from cakes
How to store blanched garlic?
How to store blanched tomatoes?
Help with what to bake leftover cake batter in
why does coconut ice turn brown after a couple of days
What could possibly happen if I overmix the butter and sugar in a cookie recipe?
Unsightly chicken soup
How can I make herbs easy to remove from a Crock-Pot?
Run gas when outside of home
Black Coalish Thing In Orange
How do food producers determine expiration dates on products and ingredients?
Adjusting dessert recipes to accomodate a larger slow cooker
How to remove pizza pan from oven without a peel?
Pre-pounding chicken
Technique for shaping meat for cordon blue (alike)
How did inventor Robert C. Baker bind breading to chicken?
Mathris broke as soon as I added it into medium hot oil
How should I store eggs in the refrigerator?
How do I make tasty seitan in a pressure cooker?
Will adding more yeast to a dough mean I need a longer time in the proofer?
I need to know how long to cook potatoes at 350*F
Is Bisquick the same as self-rising flour?
How can I make my black beans less dry?
How to replicate Cerelac at home?
Multitasking with oven ( roast and potatoes)
Are welded-handled stock pots safe?
Lemon zest in large volumes
Butcher/Cooking Twine - safe for BBQ?
onion puree thickness
Can a "kitchen machine" appliance and a food processor fully replace each other in baking applications? If not, what are the limitations?
Sticky aluminum half sheet pans - Self cleaning oven - What would happen?
Can pasta salad be preserved long-term?
Why exactly is thawing via hot water bad?
Blowtorch and frying oil - dangerous?
Cooking raw chicken beside heating quesadillas
Adding vanilla flavor to non-fat plain greek yogurt
Can Nutmeg be substituted in for Mace?
Accidentally refrigerated Mayonnaise
How to get rid of goitrogens from goitrogenic foods without cooking?
Heston Blumenthal roast chicken
How to make beet kvass in Winter?
How does one cook with aloe?
Difference between different brands of same oil
blackened carrot cake
What temperature to freeze meat at to preserve quality?
Substituting buttermilk powder for buttermilk
How can I get the maximum flavor from orange peels?
Any advantage to kneeding down pizza dough 3 times
heat chicken breast in a pan with no oil - ok for the pan?
What is distilled or freeze-concentrated mead called?
How does your hand/stand mixer's speed effect the texture of your cookies?
Kombu in beans -- granules or powder OK?
Why would roast beef broth turn white?
How long is coffee with creamer added safe in a thermos?
Safe to wash rice the night before and leave overnight before cooking?
When should food colouring be added to part of a batch of bread dough?
Convert chocolate chip cookie recipe to chocolate chocolate chip cookie
Is Microwaving considered dry heat or moist heat and why?
How to best cook potatoes to be used in a curry?
Do sweet dishes taste sweeter when hot or when it gets cold?
How to rise and bake a sourdough loaf in the least amount of time?
Quick tiramisu with many restrictions
easiest way to peel/skin a tongue?
How to make a complex novelty cake at home?
Is all lactose-free milk sweet?
Optimum Bone To Water Ratio For Pork and Beef Stocks
Preventing Diced Vegetables Added to Simmering Liquid From Becoming Mushy
Flavorings for clear gelatin
How do I get homemade mayonnaise to taste like store bought mayonnaise?
Properly melting butter and sugar together for butterscotch bar recipe
Higher or lower fridge temperature
Pickle Accompanying Hotdogs, Burgers, Sandwiches in the US
I had delicious Udon soup at a Japanese restaurant, and my attempts to recreate have failed. what am I missing?
How to cook roast potatoes at low temperatures?
Roasting smaller, thinly skinned peppers - removing peel
Rice gets burnt and watery
What types of alcohol will make meat tender when marinating?
Cutting cold butter into flour - which mixer attachment should I use?
Squashing cookie balls vs slicing them
Using Sourdough Breads to reduce Fructans
Freezing cooked rice?
How to store clay dishes?
What vegetable might be called a Worchester?
using deep fried oil for regular frying
How to reduce the taste of horseradish in hummus?
Are there any tricks to making a light-textured "whipped cream cake"?
producing kefir grains from commercial kefir?
Salty Chili and too spicy
What temperature of water will kill yeast?
Which caffeine-free tea herbs have tannins?
How long does cheese last out of the refrigerator
yeastless bread help!
What water should be used in baking bread?
Using my own wood for smoking?
How long should I knead bread dough by hand?
Very old sourdough starter; how long is too long?
Buying European flours in the United States?
What ingredients make powdered sugar not gluten-free?
How many calories does 8oz of de-fatted homemade chicken broth contain?
Crispy Lembas Bread Recipe
How can I add a savory note to (or otherwise improve) a sweet, cream based salad dressing?
Is there any loss of nutrition when toasted?
Why didn't my mustard sauce emulsify?
What is the difference between tripe and offal?
Dry roasting nuts and spices beforehand
Pork: sirloin vs tenderloin. Which one is most tender?
Secrets to making crystal clear gelatin?
How to reheat ham pot pie
Which method of cooking does the age of the egg matter least?
Cream Cheese expiration dates
Challah bread -- too crusty?
Reusage of deep frying oil and flour coated vegetables
Would pressure cooking stock create a different result?
Using white wine in the cooking
What ginger compound is responsible for the 'kick'?
What can I use as a replacement for ricotta or cottage cheese in a lasagna?
What causes a cake to sink in the center?
Ideas for a banana dessert crust, gluten free
What sushi-like dish consists of various fish in a light sauce?
All else held equal, does a pot of tea have more total caffeine than a mug?
sauce pan vs. dutch oven vs. stock pot - any difference besides size?
Using Chicken Broth bones for chicken stock?
Peanut butter - store bought texture at home
I want to know how to express the result of reduced liquid.
How does soaking liver in milk work?
What to do with too-dry sun dried tomatoes?
Help with thinly slicing garlic
Why are my Baozi shrinking?
Is it feasible to use anchovies to improve the taste of random dishes?
Too Soft Cookie Dough
What is a non-alcoholic substitute for rum in a glaze?
How to make a brewed tea at work?
Adapting a large crock pot recipe to a smaller crock pot
How can I test my extracts for strength?
Mushroom substitutes
Indian Curry: Frying spices vs marinating the meat in them
Coconut milk substitutions?
Is there a general rule as if should bake something at 375 or 350 degrees, or does it really matter?
What to do when too much shortening is added to flour?
Sauteing onions to the point of transparency - what is ideal?
Shelf life and Validation of Coconut Milk?
How to open a can of olive oil?
Creaming methd for cookies. Help?
How do I make good chimichurri?
If I have large calamari tentacles, can I achieve the same taste and texture as with small ones?
Bread with no salt
non stick presto electric skillet
Steaming vegetables in microwave
airy bread rolls done in bread machine
Foam in beef stock
Can I still use meat left out in the trunk
Is it best to just cook with the oil that has the highest smoking point?
I only want to buy two knives, which two types to get?
Covering food while cooling
Can I leave boneless chicken breast flat in freezer overnight?
What is the advantage of a roux over a raw flour slurry, in sauce?
How to saute without oil on stainless steel pots/pans?
Do I need to freeze this puree and syrup?
Help - Thawed frozen Lasagne issues
Expired instant dry yeast
Pasticcio vs Lasagna
70% chocolate from 53% and unsweetened
What can be substituted for cocoa nibs?
To what temperature should you take candied citrus peels?
How can I infuse olive oil safely?
How long can cream cheese frosting be safely stored in the fridge?
What would happen if I add wine to yeast bread?
What parasites are problematic in sous vide?
Olive oil, Canola oil, or almond oil
Roasting meat at low temperatures
Frying pan - Heat Distribution
Can I substitute grapeseed oil with peanut oil?
Red and blue Antimo Caputo 00 flour
Does sour-cream go bad?
Does ginger infused honey or vodka ever go bad food-safety-wise?
Alternatives to massaging fresh kale?
Fishhouse Punch: Peach Brandy vs Schnapps
Getting oil residue out of a container
Using the bone from a spiral cut ham
Searching for a "Dry Goods Starter Mix"
How can I make NON-fluffy pancakes?
Is Dextrose the same as Atomized Glucose Powder?
Why did the bottom of my stainless steel pan burn during seasoning?
Do beignets have to sit overnight?
Type of wok and how to go about seasoning it
How to bake a sponge cake in a grill microwave oven
How can I stove-cook meals for groups of 6-8 with only one burner?
How to get instant pudding to come out smooth?
How to prepare baby lima beans for this paella recipe?
How to make mozzarella with rennet?
Can a large number of eggs be scrambled in a pot?
What is the relationship between starchy vegetables/fruits and root vegetables?
How to cook beef shank so that it is fall-off-the-bone tender?
Alternative milk Bean curd
What is the enzyme that makes apples's pectin heat resistant? And can it be added to other fruits to achieve similar results?
Is Himalayan pink salt the same as the pink salt used for curing?
How to 'bread' with corn
Failed chocolate sponge
Substitutions for Wheat Flour in Pie Crust
How to make modeling chocolate shiny?
Reducing spice in sauce
Best vegan substitute for egg wash
Is soaking beans 24 hours unrefrigerated safe?
Is 440° F too hot for an oven temperature?
Infusing orange into tea while avoiding bitterness
Determining sugar content of liqueurs
How should I adjust the baking temperature?
How to minimize salt taste from biryani?
Difference between types of Thai black soy sauces (Healthy Boy brand)
Leftover Dough Made to Bread
What are East Coast Chinese Chicken Wings marinated in?
Is it safe to vacuum seal shredded Parmesan?
Preparing Brown Rice
I'm Making Chicken stock. How can I keep the chicken meat/bones from rising above the water line?
How to know which pan to use for baking a cake
mixing cake batter in a blender?
Removing Salsa flavor from vegetable soup
Best way to stabilize wedding cake tiers
Is raw honey safe to consume?
How do I separate crackers stuck to parchment paper?
My seitan is horrible
Bubbles on the Noodle surface
How do I thicken my Japanese curry after the fact?
Substitute yogurt powder for confectioners sugar when making royal icing
Is it safe to store unopened metal cans in the refrigerator?
How to select a good non-stick pan, price point wise?
Is there any reason to use fake white chocolate chips instead of the good stuff?
Baking camembert with crust in a larger pan?
changing single loaf bread into two smaller
My yeast recipies seem to harden somewhat after baking
Cleaning white bubbles on induction stove
Induction vs. propane gas expense?
Cookies sticking to plate
Why is herbal tea brewed at boiling temperature?
"Lively simmer" vs "simmer"?
What is the puffy bread shown in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang?
How can I make fluffy chocolate mousse without gelatin?
Vegetable Soup Missing Something Fundamental?
How to prevent fish disintegrating in frying pan
Other apple varieties for a Granny Smith fan
How long to bake bread?
What might be a flavor substitution for someone with an onion allergy?
How to choose non-alcoholic beverage pairings for filets mignon?
Can I make Corn Dogs in advance?
What spike is this? Identifying some utensils
Beef breakfast sausage
Are there substitutes for Parmesan without the aged cheese flavor?
Chicken stock quantity to substitute for 1 stock cube (knorr)?
How do I make a pot of coffee on a bbq grill?
Can a semisweet chocolate be substituted with a belgian chocolate?
Storing cake batter
Marinating in a bag vs pan
Multiple tea infusions and caffeine concentration
Calculating homemade yogurt's fat
How to dry fruit peels without growing mold?
How to keep blintzes closed
Stovetop Flank Steak
thicken stew with excess floating fat
Homemade yogurt & flavours - Keeping it thick
Homemade yogurt aftertaste
The mystery of heating up canned beans- What the tin says
Delaying Fermentation in Refrigerator
Beef dripping - how long can it safely be kept for in the fridge
How much should yeast rise?
Honey in porridge
Is it unwise to store oils etc above gas stove/oven?
How to skewer a baked potato without leaving bits of foil
french press vs. chemex - oil absorbed by chemex filters?
The Warm Oven Temp. for Cakes
Best way to impart rum flavor in caramel candies?
How to tell when cheesecake is done?
What is the shelf-life of home-made tomato sauce?
Create my own high-gluten flour by mixing vital wheat gluten and bread/AP flour?
How much lemons are needed to produce pure 1 kg lemon essential oil?
Fix my waffle recipe
My soufflé turned grey
Tea-flavored concentration from a teabag
Having trouble getting lower fat fluffy pancakes with baking soda approach
History of eating not fully cooked meat
White wine substitute in potato leek soup
Steeping green tea leaves - how many times can I steep them, and do they lose flavanoids over steeps?
Does dry pasta need washing?
Do I need to clean an oven that's not been used in 10 years?
What considerations are there when using powdered or pasteurized eggs in baking cake?
Soaking millet before making ogi
The inside of my grill lid is rusting
Old bread becomes sticky
Pouring technic (coffee) - the difference between clockwise and counterclockwise pour
Ideal temperature and method to bake a deep dish pizza
What can make a gluten free sponge light and fluffy?
Cod as a sub for salmon
Heating bread in the microwave oven and wetting
What kinds of metals are good for a salt shaker?
How to prep a #5 plastic container for making yogurt?
Baking a cake in a larger/smaller pan
Do toasted nuts quickly lose flavor?
Chiffon gets stiff overnight
Adding spiciness to indian curry at the end of cooking
Can lettuce wraps be less messy?
Substitute for rooster
Is salt really necessary for cooking pasta?
How can I cool chocolate in a couple of minutes?
Why isn't my espresso coffee nice and strong?
What exactly are Bamboo shoots?
Tofu - Cooking technique for firm/chewy edges?
How to put the bacon IN the burger?
Using older frozen vegetables
What is a Bamboo shoot called in Hindi?
Make lemon balm tea - recommended method
Rye flour in starter
How would I quickly defrost chicken if it's going to be cooked in a crock pot?
Fresh vs Canned tomatoes in Indian cooking
Fresh cranberries OR frozen cranberries
Garlic Overflow — Why won't my olive oil stay in its jug?
How long can century eggs last refrigerated and unrefrigerated?
Unit price of olive oil: volume versus weight
Can I fix a chewy beef joint after it's already cooked and sliced?
Should these be placed in refrigerator: tomatoes, and banana?
Can I add cocoa to chocolate to approximate a higher % of cacao?
Why did my flank steak turn grey when I brined it?
Arctic char available in North-America
Can you eat the seeds of Tamarind if you roast them or boil them?
Oven Spring when first stage of recipe includes a ten hour first rise
What are the benefits of "fuzzy logic" in a rice cooker?
How can I serve banana flambée for the next day?
What's the best way to store lots of kale to use for smoothies?
Problem cooking chicken wings with a bbq marinade
What's the difference between using stock and water?
Making sourdough bread in a warm and humid climate
What makes a really good marrow bone?
Why does my beet kvass taste bad?
Metal dust/shavings in food from knife wear?
How do I know by taste, if ham is bad. I have had pre cooked ham cooking in a slow cooker on warm for 3 days
Impastata Ricotta for Cannoli
Substitute for sesame oil?
What are these small long narrow yellow things?
How to make a strong mug of instant Coffee?
How long to stir-fry vegetables to retain most nutrients?
Meaning of the term 'tack' in bread making?
Are there low-fat substitutes for shortening in baking?
Should I throw moldy Strawberries away?
Substituting white flour for maida in making Indian samosas
Difference between Pancakes and "Kaiserschmarrn"?
Correct knife to use for portioning raw salmon?
What is the science behind Magic Cake?
What meats are appropriate for dry-aging
What kind of steak is this?
How can I clean my stainless steel teapot?
How do I reheat a casserole in the oven?
Neapolitan Pizza in a regular gas oven
Dry-aging at home
How do I reheat a casserole in the microwave?
Cryovac tenderloin left in trunk of my car
Preparing spaghetti without boiling water
Deep-Frying stuffed mushrooms?
Why fold in ingredients, why not just whisk?
Frozen canned soup
What is the difference between instant and filter coffee?
What do I need to know about coffee machines and grinders to get started making good coffee at home?
How can I translate my bread machine recipe to using a stand mixer instead?
What is it that a filter Coffee maker can do that we can't do in a better or equivalent way at home?
How to make a strong mug of filter coffee without any Coffee machine?
How to determine perfect pan temperature for steak?
Keeping homemade soup
Should I add salt to my sauerkraut recipe if I add vegetables?
How long should meat be steamed for?
Edible Non Toxic Pencil Alternative for Baking Stencils?
How to clean lecithin residue?
Why does my roast beef smell wonderful but tastes bland?
Pasteurizing frozen milk
How much water does pasta absorb when it is cooked?
Thawed meat can we refreeze
How can you tell if a freezer rose above freezing?
Dry leg of lamb
Can I use granulated sugar instead of demerara sugar
Difference between Organic Bread and Fresh Bread
Can I salvage undercooked flan
Sanitizing bottles/jars for homemade sauce
What cheeses have the least amount of whey in them (or not at all)?
Microwave Asparagus?
Can you get sick from milk that's been heated at a high temperature?
How to best hold wild rice
How to make mozzarella from curd?
What does make ice cream smooth and silky?
Is the SS Stovetop Espresso Maker from CafeCoffeeDay a Moka pot?
How to properly sharpen Santoku and any other knife using a water sharpener/Japanese whetstone?
What can I substitute for pineapple in punch?
Slow cooker lid gasket smell
Pre-Cooked Meat
Nutritonal Facts of a recipe
How to keep fresh-made soft pretzels from getting soggy or stale?
Are feral hog hind quarters hams, or a different type of pork?
Is it safe to leave a gas oven on unattended?
How can I reduce the heat output of this heating element?
Slow-fermented bread doesn't rise
Is there a significant difference between French press coffee and Moka pot coffee?
Is there a significant difference between Turkish coffee and Moka pot coffee?
Amount per serving
What is Okinawan "yushi tofu" made from?
Substitute for margarine in graham cracker crust
Safe to buy food baked in plastic containers:
Why do they put sulphites in vinegar when vinegar is a preservative?
Making a carvable cake
Why do you stir italian sauce all day
Temp and times for roast beef 2.3lbs
Is it better to add roasted vegetables into beef stew?
Necessary to change chemical leavener for sugar substitution in baking recipe?
Should I wash my pre-washed greens?
Can yeast be used as a main ingredient?
Will lowfat cream cheese keep filling from setting?
Cooking Buckwheat without the smell
If I put peanuts in a coffee grinder, will I get peanut butter or peanut powder?
Is Yellow coloring inside a fish normal?
Why does my baked custard form a skin on it?
How to select a coffee powder for preparing Turkish Coffee?
Recipes - Adding up calories and nutritional info?
Are Gem Squash Edible After the Green Rind Turns Yellow/Orange?
Units conversion : cl to grams
cooking pastry for bottom of pie using cold filling
Salt-crust bass tasted really bitter
self clean while door open
Murgh Shahi Korma
What does acidity mean in terms of coffee? How does it affect taste?
Onion salad goes wet and bitter
How to store red bean paste?
Is it okay to throw the food, collected in the mesh in the sink, down the drain, if it doesn't contain plastic?
Are there unnoticable effects of cooked food going bad?
Gelling agents closest to normal gelatin that set at room temperature
How to raise the setting and melting point of gelatin
How to make agar less brittle
How to cook chicken legs more evenly?
Can you take a cooked roast and make it tender and moist?
How long is too long to cook meatballs in sauce?
Do you need a rice cooker to cook sticky rice?
cooking oven temperature
Boiled beef bones and ended up with green marrow...is this normal?
toning down the fresh chilli picquancy
Making Roux when Flour is Missing
Why use boiling water in a shoofly pie?
Which salsa ingredient makes it taste like dirt?
Himalayan salt in place of table salt
What makes cooked chicken chewy?
Cooking turkey breast
Crystals on bottle of sweet alcohol
shelf life question regarding mayonnaise based sauce
Belgian chocolate milk
Roasting pan substitute / roasting rack for pork shoulder?
Morphy Richards new Intellichef, states boil at 240 degrees C?
Oops left baby back ribs on warm instead of low for 7 hrs
How should I store homemade salad dressing?
Corned beef on warm for 2 hr before cooking
coffee from seeds of dates
What variety of shrimp paste should I use for Brazilian Vatapa?
Soy Sauce storage container
What are some interesting herbs/spices to sprinkle over fish?
how to make dense texture bread?
Baking a Cake at the Wrong Temperature
Alfredo sauce - help adding taste
Can coffee beans be roasted in an airfryer
Right stock color
How do I catch drippings on a charcoal grill?
How long can I soak red kidney beans for?
What's the difference between a souffle and a mousse?
Make pate easier to spread
Mix a cake in a bag
What can I do with the white parts of kale?
What is the best way to filter Turkish coffee?
Does it make a noticeable difference if I don't prepare the Turkish coffee in a Turkish coffee pot?
No-bake cheesecake - freeze or chill overnight?
best way to infuse flavour into boiled potatoes
Is it absolutely necessary to season a carbon steel pan?
Burned enameled cast iron stock pot
My brisket is too sweet
No Shortening and No Refrigeration, Buttercream Frosting
How to stop sea bass fillets from sticking to foil
Burger/Kraft Slice Style Cheese
Should I brown meat for stew?
Where to locate thermometer in my Weber charcoal grill
What technique is used to remove the bubbles and big hole from swiss rolls?
Soy chicken on a backpacking trip
Do I need to thaw fish before steaming it?
How long should I steam squid and cuttlefish?
Preserved lime is browning and fading inside the brine
How do I make dried soup mix?
Mixing a banana with homemade sunflower butter turned into a horrible, leathery substance. Why?
Brie Cheese and expiration date
Could I substitute peanut butter in place of butter or crisco for cookies?
Prevent brioche buns from spreading during rise
Can I use a yoghurt marinade in sous-vide cooking?
mashed potatoes - fixing undercooked potatoes
Do I have to use oil when making pie crust?
Watery Russet Baked Potato
Making espresso correctly - rerunning hot water several times through an espresso puck to fill an Americano
Cream separates to oil when heated
Substitute for dry milk powder
Why is 180 degrees C so common in recipes?
Oat Flour for pasta not rolling well?
Rules for refreezing food
Freezing traditional Greek dishes
Is there a downside to tenderizing meat?
Can an open package of sausage lead to contamination of other foods?
How to properly prepare a weeks worth of pasta and microwave it at work
Please help me to fix my bread to be more soft and smaller hole
How can you judge when a non-stick pan is the correct temperature for pan frying?
How to slash bread to let steam out
Coverting grilling time to oven time
Can I cook pasta without heating it up... ever?
Baking pizza without an oven
Problems drying out chili sauce and in to a powder
Chicken enchiladas still safe to eat
How do I flavor fish en papillote?
Why is there such disparity between the calories in a banana and the calories in this pack of dried banana?
Should I freeze gyoza before or after cooking?
Is it normal to wash an apple, or other fruits, with dish washing liquid?
Is a broccoli that already turned yellow anyhow harmful?
Does all pizza have butter?
Is it safe to add raw eggs to homemade coffee creamer?
Making my cocoa mix into instant cocoa mix
Why or why not beat an egg before adding?
Replacement for file powder
Are there any differences between the commonly recommended types of woods for chopping boards?
What to order at a Japanese restaurant?
What specifically makes microwavable frozen food taste so delicious?
Cooking lamb that falls off the bone
Does quality decrease by heavily reducing wine?
Is there a trick to turn old bread into almost-new bread?
Coating fruit before adding to a cake
Is US flour significantly different than it used to be, or than flour outside of the US?
refrigerating cooked waffles
Butterscotch Pudding Clumps
How do I tell if my cheese culture is still good?
Substitute for Calvados, reduced cider?
Looking for a good text on science of grilling and barbecue
Adding melted butter to cold milk in baking
Which of these Ingredients/additives assist in the longevity of frozen, microwavable foods?
Why are my strawberries keeping so long?
Chocolate chip substitutions
What should a good cookie dough look like?
Why don't the Rhodes cinnamon rolls from a bag turn out as good as the ones in the foil pan?
How to decorate a cake so that the icing is smooth?
Used Pan.... Old Oil.... Can this pose a risk before washing?
The whey of mozzarella or tofu
Dipping sauce for shabu-shabu
In England, can I buy fresh fish directly off the boat?
Can I substitute a beef round rump roast for brisket?
At what point (after clams die) are they ok to eat
How do I make instant chocolate powder from a chocolate bar?
Giant meringue French pastry - what are these called?
When baking meatballs for a soup, do I have to bake until the meat is fully cooked?
Why does my coffee sometimes taste sour?
Saving seasoned flour used for dredging chicken
What happened to my macarons?
Can I cook 2 very different things at same time in the oven?
How to reheat pork belly: keep the crackling crackly?
My wooden cutting board bent. Is there a way to fix this?
Making Habanero Jelly - Safety and Preventing Spoilage
What method of coffee preparation gives the most caffeine in the finished cup?
Refreeze Ground Beef
What is this powder served with fried dango?
"Squeaky" homemade mozzarella
lemon juice curdling white chocolate
Is it a problem that the same flipper that touched raw blood touches the finished meat?
Hard boiled eggs outside the fridge
Making Pickles - Confirming Sanitization Procedure
Is the cockchafer grub edible, and how best to prepare it?
Undercooked eggs that were in the pot plenty long
Does freezing sap freshness? Will acids bring the flavor back?
Changing Sous Vide water
What are the pips and skin of an orange?
What is a mixed spice with respect to a cake?
What is the combination of spices for garam masala?
Tiny bit of mold on maple syrup—can I still bottle it?
Freezing a meringue?
Pressure Cooker to Stovetop conversion?
What temperature(s) should sweetbreads be cooked to?
Where can I buy rose petals that are safe for human consumption?
What is the substitute for pastry blender in cookie making?
How to achieve a good char on cooked and shredded chicken?
What is the quickest way to defrost a vegetable curry without a microwave?
Pizza stone or firebricks to fix uneven cooking
What can I use instead of paddle attachment for a stand mixer?
How can you tell when a roast is done?
What fruits keep their sweetness when baking?
What's the difference between orange extract and orange blossom water?
Will using 4 year old unsalted butter make one sick?
Soppressata, prosciutto, and other meats; how is it safe?
Boxed pancake mix - Allpurpose or Cake Flour?
Bread Proving Time in Warm Climates
Food processor for pizza dough
Can I substitute vanilla extract for cocoa powder in a cupcake recipe?
Does the thickness of a cake affect the baking time?
How can I use an espresso maker on an induction cooktop?
Leaves that fall off Brussels Sprouts, any reason not to cook?
How would you use a single lemon?
Identify this iron cooking piece for me
Dangerous simmering - exploding liquid? (cheesemaking)
How do I tell if my pasta is molto al dente?
Can adding milk prevent a cake from rising?
Why my banana sauce is not smooth?
How to cook for a diabetic without making the other guests suffer
Pasteurized milk that has gone sour
How do I cook and hold pasta for 200 people?
'Sweet milk' substitute in an old recipe
What are the official names for slicing an onion from pole-to-pole or cross-pole?
Undercooked cookies
Should a roast be covered in liquid in a slow-cooker?
Which cuts of beef are suitable for slow cooking methods?
Searing Sous-vide with electric heat gun
Getting some crispiness in Burgers' crust
How long can milk be stored in the refrigerator after boiled and put in a Ball jar?
What is the proper smell of Basa?
Food safety when tasting from dish
Bottled coconut oil
How to deal with mold on pickle?
Does cheese have to be made with rennet from the animal whose milk it is?
How long would fruit in a water bottle last?
Reheating pork loin roast for a party
Why doesn't my whole wheat dough pass the Poke Test?
Is our oven at work powerful enough to bake pizza?
Why is dark chocolate dark when pure cocoa is light brown?
How long will a frozen lamb roast stay "good" ?
Cooking own pizza in a microwave
Why does the "almost no knead bread" recipe use beer? Can it be replaced?
Bacon in sealed package, 4 days at room temp
Using light cream instead of milk in crepes?
What's the point of "draining" yogurt?
gluten free hot cross buns
Presto multi cooker sous vide- clarification?
Anyone knows how this seed/fruit is called? (bush)
Can I cook a pre-made meatloaf from frozen?
What purpose could baking soda and cream of tartar serve in a meatball recipe?
Tasty vs Mild vs Mature Cheddar Cheese
How does flavor transfer?
Can I add butter to yeast dough which has already risen?
What is this tea stalk that almost every cup of tea in anime has?
Any downside to pre making marinade and then putting it in the fridge?
How to keep graham cracker crust from falling apart
Cream cheese frosting split. Is it still safe for consumption?
Which rack level of oven is suitable for baking choco lava cakes?
cooling pasturized milk
how to prepare fresh sardines for bucatini con sarde
How should the smoke appear in the exhaust in a kettle charcoal grill
Is carob bean cooked when used as a thickener?
Colouring oil - chocolate look alike
What other vegetables can I roast with asparagus?
Preheat the Dutch oven (and the oven itself) for No-Knead Bread?
Lemon dill sauce broke
What size are small, medium and large tomatoes?
How do I clean off bread stuck to a non-flat / patterened cast iron pan?
How efficient is stock for protein extraction?
Baking time for paper vs metal
Is it safe to use a tea kettle with black dots on the bottom?
Do Eggs Need to be Refrigerated?
Should I cook frozen salmon differently from fresh salmon?
Is ham safe to eat if it was at room temperature but is recooked?
How do I keep ground turkey or chicken from clumping when I cook it?
What is instant pudding mix used for in baking cookies?
How many average onions are there per pound?
Does the calorie count of these pistachio nuts include the shell?
How to clean stains from rice cooker element?
How do I rapidly soften cream cheese?
Method to make corn pasta?
When should I knead with oil and when with flour?
How do I deal with a really wet, messy dough?
Why do some ingredients in baking recipes need to be at room temperature?
Low tannin dry red wine, good for sauces and stews?
Baking side of pizza stone
Making licorice root syrup or extract
How to cook the eggplant in trader joe's eggplant roll style?
My dough is too brown
Why does fat make chapati/parathas/pooris remain soft?
Baking Electric Fan Oven
interval cooking vs regular cooking meat
Nutrition value: cold or warm milk?
Getting poppy seeds to stick to bagel
Getting flavor to stick in milk tea
Is there such a thing as "food grade CO2"?
Milky fluid inside chicken
Will a fishmonger or bait shop clean a fish you caught for a fee?
How to catch culture out of yogurt?
Internal temperature of cuts containing abundance of connective tissue
My parchment paper soaked in oil after finish baking cookies
Does a GRILL in a UK recipe refer to a BROILER in US?
Have a bent frying pan
How is it that brioche rises so high?
Can I fix this bad beef stew?
What are the consequences of leaving the fridge door cracked open overnight?
Simulating Orville's Cracked Pepper and Salt Popcorn
Using a French press with finely ground coffee
Why are my cookies falling apart?
To boil frozen food with chicken without microwave
How do I make my roti dough stretch thinner?
Fresh blueberries vs dried blueberries in a cookie recipe
Can I leave butter cookies in the fridge?
Can a spice grinder be used for coffee permanently?
Dehydrating cake?
Soak meat in water to get rid of smell?
Making fully cooked meat (pork) less tough
Substitute for arborio risotto rice?
Bread-machine recipes: are liquid ingredients fungible?
Can I re-can a batch of salsa that is missing an ingredient?
How do I get rid of bugs in rice?
Honey changing into unusable, hardened clump
Is slow cooking in an oven safe with long cooking times
How can I make proper sandwich slices of home-made bread?
Using Rainbow Chard for Spanakopita
Hamburger meat falling apart
How to prevent meatballs from drying out when I substitute a lean meat?
If you need to keep ground coffee for a long time, will keeping it in the freezer help?
Can I rest my Ciabatta dough overnight?
how much powdered gelatin to one gelatin leaf?
Brown spots on new stainless steel pot
Can citrus be squeezed too much?
How long will tuna salad stay good refrigerated?
Edible Mushrooms
Cooking safety and cricket flour
How to prepare summer squash without the peel becoming rubbery
Can I get drunk by evaporating steam of alcohol?
Preserving whole potatoes
What else is being done to make these biscuits
Storage of Pecorino cheese — is room temperature ok?
How many veggies are in Wheat Thins Toasted Chips Veggie?
Search terms for potatoes inside of a bun
Air bubbles in canned tomatoes
What is the best way to store loose tea to maintain its freshness?
How to store a banana that was cut in half to preserve the other half?
Tips for cooking seared tuna just right?
What style of icing is this please?
How heavy should a Chinese chef's knife be?
How much yeast is in a "package"?
The role of the gluten in an acid environment
What conditions make xanthan thicken?
Does storing meat in plastic alter how long it takes to go off?
Burning from Pepper?
Why's my icecream jelly like?
Reformulate a marshmallow recipe to remove lactose and HFCS
How to make beans more neutral tasting?
Will newspaper covering a cake pan catch fire in the oven?
What is the thin, colorless film that remains after making oatmeal?
Ice Cream Sugar Substitutes - Applesauce?
What is the US equivalent of Golden Syrup (UK)?
Why does the kneaded dough form a skin when exposed to air and what are the possible ways to prevent the skin formation?
Why are the storage instructions extremely opposite in cases of tea and coffee?
How does fast food restaurants make grilled chicken
How can I make cookies without any sugar?
What is the proper serving temperature for Turkish coffee?
Beef parts interchangeability
can you prepare vicyssoise a day ahead, then add cream and serve?
Can I use rhubarb without tons of sugar?
Why don't I have to season my cast-iron teapot?
Why does my bread have a dip in the center?
How to make pretty crêpes?
Closest thing to a donut I can drink coffee out of
What is a liqueur?
Chicken thighs that don't seem right
What are the grey-black specks that appear when whipping cream in stainless steel bowl?
What can be substitution of maple syrup for pancakes?
What is the highest melting temperature of chocolate?
After a few days why does my hot sauce separate leaving liquid in the bottom?
Make seitan "fattier"
What is on top of this and how do you make it?
Cooked chicken stuffed with a can (of soda)?
I want to substitute liquid oil with a dry product
Adding moisture to gluten free muffins
Why is cooking rice so complicated?
Does the biological classification of food have a relation to taste?
Is there a reason to NOT use no-stick spray (Pam) for handling dough?
Long chilling of brioche dough?
Why does a mix of condensed milk, cocoa and coconut solidify in the fridge?
What is the most comfort temperature for tea?
Green streaks on raw meat: is it safe?
Crispier pizza crust. What surface to go for in a home oven?
how dangerous is it to refreeze meat that has been thawed
What is the difference between grills when frying a burger?
Tall cupcakes that have height to them
The muffins were rock hard, what did I do wrong?
What vegetables oils are safe to use at high temperatures (350, maybe 400 F) , say, stir fry or pan-frying chicken/fish?
Why does the pasta I make with my extruder always stick together?
A few basic stove questions
Rolling out after or before the leavening process?
Mixing both gluten production and milk
What is the use of UV LEDs in my fridge?
Is it safe to mix vegetable and animal fats?
Napoletana Pizza dough not elastic and breaking
Why didn't my crumpets cook in the middle?
How to get breading to stick to chicken?
How do you get this pie top?
Are special recipes needed to preserve using a pressure canner?
How do I open a brand-new (plug-top) oval canister?
Where can I buy bulk wild meat in Montreal?
Is re-freezing the same beans bad?
Waay too much baking soda, can I salvage these tea buscuits somehow?
How long is too long to cook chicken?
Counteract the negative effects of spicy ingedients with other ingredients
How to properly cook a kid?
What's the secret to getting restaurant-quality frozen drinks at home?
Hot tea to iced. Safe?
How do you store away freshly peeled and sliced potatoes?
How to prepare cockles for cooking?
Does candy expire?
Modernist Cuisine-style BBQ brisket safety
Cheddar equivalents as far as amount of flavor
How to add savor to a squash and grain mix?
Are cooking show minutes really minutes?
What "all-in-one" single serving tea device(s) are sturdy, make "teapot quality" loose leaf tea, and are two pieces or less?
Nonsoggy spinich pie with frozen spinach
Other than gelatin what makes gummy bears chewy?
What is this type of hot plate and how do I use it?
Using cueritos (Pork Rinds) for ground beef
Is less quality cream used in salted butter?
How can I clean frozen (raw) chicken juice out of my freezer?
How do I tell bucatelli pasta size and thickness
Why do bread companies add sugar to bread?
Does placement of ingredients and condiments on a sandwich change the taste?
Why are my cinnamon rolls turning into toffee?
What are the categories of fish?
What do soybeans taste like?
Why did my lids seal?
Why did my halva crumble?
Max Temp for Fried Chicken
Dehydration temperatures for long-term preservation
Is this coffee ratio calculation correct?
What is the best way to get rid of the ants from the box of clarified butter?
What is the best way to store the whole wheat flour for daily usage?
How do they make Mexican vanilla extract?
How long does ceviche keep?
Can I make my crumble topping in a mixer?
Freezing and defrosting Cantaloupe is still good in the fridge?
How can I fix a bitter raw leek soup?
Frothing milk more quietly?
What's the best way to cook BBQ ribs in the oven and grill?
Why might I have trouble making butter from Crème Fraîche?
Can I save a Creme Brûlée with a soggy crust?
Riced potatoes recipe called steurens or steritz?
Keeping meat safe all day?
Scary moments - what temperature for broiling?
What's the best water temperature for making Pizza dough
Can I grill a whole octopus without pre-steaming or poaching?
Powdered Goat Milk in Bread?
Emulating Starbucks Frappuccino Cream Base
How do you make the green beans served at Din Tai Fung?
Can I store bread dough overnight?
UHT Milk: small white floating stuff?
Some minor changes in recipe: Is it okay to use carrot marmalade instead of orange?
where to keep an opened can of condensed milk safe
How does a coffee bean get its smokey flavor?
Why should I use garlic making roasted potatoes?
Same recipe but sometimes white chocolate cookies come out strange
How to bake a cake in a microwave oven
My Fudge Is Crunchy! Where Did I Go Wrong?
Frozen pizza kept at room temp (23 C) for 48 hours - safe to use?
Why does my coconut sauce lack a strong coconut taste?
Is it okay to add extra sugar to a specific brioche recipe?
How to make the bottom of breads bake a little slower so that the whole bread could stay longer in the oven?
How long does it take for sugar to get to the hard ball stage?
What kind of foods react with aluminium pressure cookers?
How can I reassure myself a given food is not a botulism risk?
should my sour pickles be sealed while pickling?
How do smaller but good restaurants keep/reheat roasted meat, particularly Prime Rib?
Help! Liege Waffle excessively dense
Eating mangoes with skin intact
What happens when you add warm water to yeast?
Crockpot recipes using soda pop
Black layer in an onion
Breakfast protein options
Americans and Shrimp Heads
When should I not use a cornstarch slurry?
Why do my macarons come out looking weird?
Ways to make my cooking routine more efficient?
Microwave friendly utensils, what qualifies as
are irradiation food still being sold
Confirming Fried Chicken is completely cooked
Will freezing affect the quality of a dry-aged steak?
Why is the first hotcake always the worst?
Browning Beef in Beef Stew?
Should I avoid meat broth when cooking for vegetarians?
Best vessel for frying
Raw sugar vs. refined sugar in making kombucha
Where can I find/buy Peruvian Parsnip (AKA: Batata Baroa or Arracacha) in the US?
Failed pan sauce didn't thicken and tasted far too much of wine
Should I season a Teflon-coated stainless steel frying pan
Getting rid of chewy chicken
Pizza dough is way too wet, already in the oven. Fix?
How to make a homemade Phrostie?
Are there cheeses that are not suitable for making for macaroni and cheese?
What is this kitchen tool - a handle, and coil of metal around a metal plate?
beet stock shelf life
Can I use a meat grinder to grate cheese?
How to fry Rösti so that it stays together?
Substituting honey for sugar in bread
What herbs to use when baking bread, rusks and scones?
Canned unopened and unrefrigerated juice lasts longer in the pantry than the freezer?
Post-marinade (Seasoning?)
How long will fermented/brined pickles last?
Home made Rice Milk that's not slimy or chalky?
Manual Grinder/Food processor
Dehydrating in a convection oven
I'm cooking two dishes that need to cook at different temperatures in the oven, what do I do?
Why add in the eggs last when making chocolate chip cookies?
What are "goes well with" recommendations based on?
What determines if a juice is clear or opaque?
How to prepare dried tortellini?
Using melted butter when making shortbread
What can I do with a large amount of dried cilantro?
Can I use Cheddar cheese for pizza?
Should I retire my scratched non-stick rice cooker?
Is there a difference between paneer butter masala, matar paneer, malai kofta gravy?
How to know when to remove lemon squares from oven?
Is it normal for flames to come up through the slots on each side of the bottom of the oven?
What's the difference between black currants and red currants?
What aspects of a fridge most affect the quality/taste of food?
Holding sugar syrup at a consistent temperature
Can sunflower or coconut oil be substituted for vegetable shortening in cake icing?
Is there a substitute for port wine in a dessert risotto?
Is soy milk in America similar to the type in East Asia?
Tabasco flavor without pain?
Does anyone cook/eat bladders?
Sherry Wine vs Sherry Vinegar
How to make Fennel juice?
How do you prolong buns/rolls/scone/crumpet softness?
thick, crunchy, fluffy corn flakes breading
How to get spongy slightly chewy pancakes?
How to line this cake pan with parchment paper?
How do I sautee tomatoes without them being juicy?
How do espresso machines hold pressure at all?
Use of ground beef in Chinese food
Help removing excess starch from potato chips
Can I rescue honey that is crystallised in the container? (with water or otherwise)
Adding salt to the oil making potato chips
What is a good substitute for oyster sauce (for someone with a shellfish allergy)?
Crock Pot to Enameled Cast Iron Pot Cooking Times and Temperatures
Filling vs Frosting
Why Do We 'Simmer' Fudge Instead of 'Boiling' it?
Age between mild and sharp
How to convert slow cooker recipes to pressure cooker with different cooking times?
Necessary to empty my pellet grill auger when I'm done grilling?
Does beef/pork stew require a dutch oven?
What is the proper technique for making an angel food cake?
Russian Vobla - ratio for the brine?
How to cleanly slice hard-boiled eggs?
Beef discoloration on parts not in contact with air
Why did my cookies come out like this?
Self-Saucing Pudding—Storing?
Why are my doughnuts raw in the middle?
Szechuan fish soup ingredient -- what is it?
Melted biscuits
Is there an alternative to spreading flour when rolling the dough?
Substitute for pastry flour
What does one use a saw for?
Is yogurt plus milk considered buttermilk?
How can I prevent pork from becoming tough while being held at warm temperature?
What can I do with a lot of fresh tarragon?
Can you safely triple the brine recipe for corned beef?
What's a good substitute for onion for someone with an onion allergy?
Dishwasher safe bakeware?
Orange spots on dry chickpea
How to preserve eggplants/brinjals?
How to preserve homemade fresh cream for about a week in a freezer?
Pots and Pans in the dishwasher
Shortening substitutes for pan greasing
Leaving out Frozen Tilapia
Can beef stew be reheated several times?
"Frying" an egg in soy souce?
Homemade Preserves
Is cooking beans or any other food in metal cans safe?
Heating aioli as part of cooking or not
What is the origin of fried potato?
Where and how do I keep the extra buttermilk biscuits?
Why would a rice seem "non-absorbent"?
Can home-made mozzarella be made in small batches (quart of milk instead of gallon)?
At which end of the scale on the knob is the refrigerator temperature lowest, at which is it highest?
What is the effect of adding sugar to the water when poaching eggs?
What is the measurement of 1 cup?
By `1 tbsp of x` should I assume heaped tablespoon or leveled tablespoon?
When a recipe asks for 1 cup of sugar, should I assume powdered or tiny crystals form?
How to save hardened fondant?
The quantity of which ingredients should be increased to raise the moistness of a cake?
Is asking for a "Chinese menu" in a Chinese restaurant a common way to get more authentic dishes?
Exceptional pumpkin variants
Whipping double cream with amaretto
What's the difference between dried split peas and dried snack peas such as wasabi peas?
What is the purpose of heating agar powder
Why doesn't my caramel sauce thicken?
Is sugar a thickening agent?
'Espresso' Maker - Base turned dark, is it bad?
At what point is a beef stew being overcooked?
Kneading dough - significance of warm hands
Making batter one day, baking the next
Slow-Carb or low-carb alternative to pita and similiar neutral tasting breads
Triple batch multipliers
How does aging affect Gouda cheese?
Using whole wheat flour instead of all-purpose and semolina
Creating a home "anti-griddle"?
How do I brew longjing tea?
How do I leave fried eggs intact?
What is a yeast cake?
Adding/substituting non-flour ingredients in bread
Cheese from UHT Milk
Can anyone explain the meaning of 2x and 4x brie cheese?
Do I need to boil filled jam/chutney jars?
Why won't my beans soften?
Is there any commercial stand mixer bigger than kitchenaids with bowl scraping paddle?
Alton Brown's Buffalo Wings
Is an unrefrigerated canned ham safe to eat?
Whole wheat pasta from milling to the results
How to make bread mould resistant?
What are recommendable coffee roast types for Aeropress?
Leaving buttermilk out overnight, recipe for food poisoning?
I want to duplicate my bread mistake!
White Stains on stainless steel
Fresh salmon that was frozen after: till when can it still be eaten raw
Will cooking meat in a slow cooker longer than the recipe calls for have any adverse effects?
Canning Hot Peppers
What difference does it make if I substitute low-fat milk for water in bread recipes?
Mixing mushroom-potato-carrot soup and warming later (Should I?)
A firm mousse with juice with my cream whipper
Is smell a bad way of determining whether meat is still good?
What cut of ground beef is ideal to mix with ground lamb for kofta?
What to do with soggy mushy potato chips?
How to safely reuse scissors used to open food packaging multiple days in a row?
when does a boiled egg become a poached egg?
How can I get hash browns to bind without using egg?
Are there books describing the general principles of cooking?
Making sorbet with fruit frozen before processing
What are "cooked" potatoes?
Is Nattou safe to eat when it has white dots on it?
Will a small "breather tube" on my bottles harm the oil/vinegar/liquor inside?
Have strawberries changed or have I?
can you make a mud cake using cooked quinoa instead of normal wheat flours
How to tell if it is honey, super filtered honey, or corn syrup?
What makes the difference between domed and flat cookies?
How to achieve more solid consistency when preparing seitan from wheat flour?
Do alcohol and salt help in preservation of dehydrated vegetables?
Oops! Too much hot pepper. Now what?
How to stop mushrooms from discoloring everything?
Is it possible to keep puff pastry dough in the fridge for future use?
What to do when too much butter added to my puff pastry dough?
Off taste from refrigerating cheese?
Can I make puff pastry with half the butter?
Frozen prawns - blue dye
Fatty liquid vs non fatty liquid in dough
Can an all wheat flour be high in protein, yet low in gluten?
Can half cooked pork chops be cooled then fully cooked later?
Substitute apricot with some other fruit in this Sunny-Side-Up Apricot Pastries recipe
How to evenly fry cubes?
Maintaining crispy fried potatoes while cooking with onions and peppers
Frying panko crusted pork chops
What can make a radish lose its flavour in a dish?
Why is it that caramel sauce should not be stirred after it has boiled?
What material wok did I get while thrifting today?
What techniques or tricks make soft, flaky pastries instead of leathery ones?
Does the speed of opening of a bottle of wine influence its flavour?
How do I clean my cast iron grill pan?
How long do I cook my brisket?
Rice - Expiration Date
What is a blended sauce?
Can I use Basmati Rice for fried rice?
What is the difference between a prawn and a shrimp?
Can I make meringues with commercial egg whites?
Is it ok to freeze miso paste?
How to stop icing from running off iced buns?
How do they Prepare Steak so fast in Restaurants?
traditional italian pasta: with or without eggs?
Should I wash newly bought plastic tumblers?
Smoked a brisket that was edible but not great. What would you do differently?
hand cranked ceramic conical burr coffee grinder?
How long to defrost 11 1bs. of chicken in the fridge?
How can I modify my banana bread recipe to make cookies from it?
How much food for a tasting event? How big of samples?
How to make canollis without a deep frier?
Why does a pizza stone make my pizza dough bread-like?
How do I adapt to grilling without a lid?
Keeping crawfish alive overnight?
Baking or Cooking - why orange and not other sweet citrus fruit?
Does anybody recognize this Finnish dill sauce?
Putting half thawed joint of pork back in fridge to fully defrost?
Is there a technique to freeze gnocchi so they maintain their consistency?
Without knife skills, how can I quickly and accurately dice vegetables?
Is it better to use oranges that are under-ripe or over-ripe to make marmalade?
Why is it called spit roast?
How to travel with a cake overseas?
Troubleshooting: Kitchen Sink Vegetable Soup
How much is a cup of graham cracker crumbs in crackers and weight?
Raw milk curdling in microwave
Why didn't my pan-fried potato wedges turn out crispy?
What should I use to produce the hotness of Hong Kong-style borscht?
Is Jalebi acidic?
Homemade Buffalo Sauce
When making chicken soup, should I reuse the vegetables I used to make the broth?
Why is my Green Tea Brown but then Green when I reuse the bag?
Are red lentils and split red lentils the same?
Would this cheat puff pastry really work?
Nonstick Pans: Purpose, Cleaning and Heating
What is the best way to store uncooked homemade beef patties?
Deconstructed food; simple, complex or both?
Why is my soymilk going off so fast?
Can vegetable juices stop bread from rising?
Are steaks I had in a cooler over the weekend ok to eat?
Roasting 6kg (13lb) Pork Leg
Identify this unusual spicy appetizer
Why didn't the toppings on my pizza stick to the dough?
Is charcoal or the smoker at fault for low temperature smoking?
Is ground upper turkey thighs the same as regular ground turkey?
What is "pork brisket?"
What is the difference between a spring roll and an egg roll?
How do I save curry with too much cumin?
What's the difference between a flauta and a taquito?
Is it safe to store applejuice in an opened glass bottle outside of the fridge?
Using the leftover oven heat
Where can I find a hand blender like this?
How do I fix and prevent a baked custard from weeping?
How to make home made corn flakes?
Does stainless steel affect garlic flavors in food?
Tools to peel and crush a whole garlic bulb
Shaking Method for Garlic
How to consistently get golden beads on meringue topping?
Does cutting meat into pieces make it go bad faster?
Will soymilk keep well in the freezer?
How soft does a Kohlrabi get when cooked?
Are "non-fat" condiments as effective as full-fat versions at reducing spiciness?
Why are there no PETE reusable cups?
Milk substitute for ice cream and others
What are these used for
Options for non-stick frying pans - not using teflon
How can I tell if bell peppers have gone bad?
RPM for milk frothing?
can a crock pot go bad?
blanch after vacuum seal?
Why season the meat "liberally"?
Are olives always salty
Stirring with knives?
Dried tofu - does it have another name, and where can I get it in the UK?
Where do I find the fruit tamarind?
Rendering fat by sous vide
3 tier steamer: Will chillies in the bottom tier make veg in the other levels spicy?
Baking bread - stainless steel or potless?
Can you make Bearnaise with olive oil?
Is it OK to reheat hash browns the next morning?
Can I use extra virgin olive oil for cooking steak?
Ginger vs Ginger Root
Thinned yogurt instead of milk
Does glutinous rice contain gluten?
How did people make bread before sugar was 'discovered'
How to save spaghetti squash?
Is vanilla a flavour or just absence of flavour?
Are these eggs safe to eat?
Cooking beef for pepper steak
How to reduce the bitterness of tonic water in a non-alcoholic citrus drink?
steam oven vs conventional oven
Torte Milanese without puff pastry dough
Avoid butter in puff pastry dough from melting while baking in the oven
I bought Cod fish on Sunday afternoon and cooked it Tuesday night.... It was a little chewy, was that because it was bad?
Homemade Vinegar Safe?
Par-fry potato chips or Par-boil?
Should a rare steak bleed?
Tempering raw cacao for coating
How do I make black rice turn out better in a rice cooker?
Why did my attempt at pan-searing beef filets fail miserably?
What is the difference between custard pie and custard tart?
Why not use a polypropylene dish with carbonated drinks?
Homemade sport drink
Does the freshness of the ingredient impact the longevity of the cooked dish?
Should I drain water after I cook noodles in microwave?
Why does waffle dough get dark?
Crisping chicken skin after braising
A substitute for jaggery
How to cook rice & chicken simultaneously?
How to prepare this (Chinese) snack?
Should I use a base to offset the sour in overripe sourdough starter?
Storage of cheese starter cultures
Substitute for coconut in macaroons
Effect of undutched cocoa on baking
What is this spoon-like kitchen utensil with a rubbery head and wooden handle called?
Too much cayenne chilli pepper
Is there such a thing as too much vanilla?
How to make a cover for a molten cake?
Can vegetable enzymes kill yeast?
Is it valid to claim that a jam contains no preservatives?
Cooking ribs weirdly?
What is the spicy kick in "Kraft Tangy Spaghetti" box meal?
Can this ratatouille be saved?
Chocolate seized during dipping, how to prevent it?
Bell Pepper Mousse - won't charge or discharge
How safe is it to combine flavor extracts?
How can I make parmesan spreadable?
Very unusual kitchen tools
How to remove dirt from inside green/spring onions?
Frying fish without it falling to shambles
Coffee roasting, worth upgrade from popcorn popper
Making cherry ice cream, should I macerate the cherries?
How do I neutralize melter honey?
Making whole wheat bread in a bread machine? What kind of flour?
Quick and Easy Beef Stew and Dumplings
What is the easiest way to remove chicken leg/drumstick tendons?
Is my microwave still safe to use after accidentally heating metal in it?
What's the fastest way to cook fluffy white Jasmine rice?
How to make Coconut/Chili Sauce (based on Photos)
How to clean an octopus - and is it worth it
Gumbo base tastes burnt, but the final product does not
Avoid ice crystals in frappuccino
How to replace Bouillon cubes without making them on my own
Why to remove skin and seeds of tomatoes when we puree them?
dehydrating puree food
Homemade/DIY Frozen Vegetables: Can steaming be used instead of blanching?
Keeping Food Hot & Delicious
What is the most cost effective way at home to dehydrate nuts?
Pork chops: low and slow or high and fast?
Can you make nut butters without dehydrating nuts?
Why commercial gummies do not melt?
Will a grill pan reduce oil splatter when pan-frying steaks?
Where to store my propane torch?
Vegetable stock for a vegan gravy
Saved-for-later then reheated potato mixture sparks and catches fire in microwave
Re-processing pickles
Why does my caramel sauce fail?
Crystallization of sugar solution, and oddly crunchy candy with fudge-like texture after eating
Why is lettuce rarely cooked?
Why do doughnuts have holes?
What is this plastic handle that is used for corn and watermelon called?
What is this really tasty part of a chicken found in a cavity in the hip?
why should the madeleine tins start off cold?
Infrared on regular gas grill
What should I look for in a crepe pan?
Can I store fish sauce at room temperature, and how do I know when it's gone bad?
What is Bosnian black honey?
Hot Sauce: margarine versus butter
How can I store wonton wrappers in the freezer?
Why is it advised to freeze meat before eating as opposed to eating it fresh?
How to make XXL Watermelon Jell-O Shots without falling apart?
How can I make 'Santon sauce'
Can you candy salt?
What can be used to thicken chili other than masa harina?
How do I cook brain to achieve a firmer texture?
Is raw coconut safe to eat?
Why does sourness taste in yogurt increases with time?
Breed of chicken
What is the origin of fish sauce in asia?
Flavors in Fresca
How do you coat perfectly round truffles with melted chocolate?
Do long-cooked pasta and brown rice lose more minerals than short-cooked types?
Why use citric acid and sodium hexametaphosphate in cheese sauce?
Is there a table showing the shelf life of basic food at room temperature?
What is the Chinese celery and cabbage appetizer called and how is it made?
How does velveting work?
How can I rescue an undercooked pastry cream?
Do I have to cook salame
Why did my salsa go bitter?
Potatoes in bread? How to estimate potatoes needed?
Effect of potato water on bread (early experiment results)
Should I taste-test food before serving it?
Additives to make bread soft and moist?
Can anyone tell me what kind of squash this is?
Why are Cinnabons so soft and moist?
Misto nozzle leaks
Is white rice bleached before being processed?
Is it safe to eat chicken that is still frozen?
active dry yeast vs instant yeast
Recommendations: Food with Minimal Stovetop Time, No Oven Available
Utensil to thaw meat
How does a Miracle Thaw work?
Bamboo Steamer VS Normal Steamer
How is "nacho sliced" jalapeño different from regular sliced?
Should I store my uncooked marinated chicken wings in the freezer?
Where to find a large individual brownie pan?
Is old brewed coffee too unsafe to drink?
How long will durian smell linger?
Pork shoulder put in broken oven for 10 hours, safe to eat?
What is ganache, and how it is used in truffles? Does it differ from chocopaste?
Does cooking with solar cookers preserve the nutrients in food?
Why was my Last Word cocktail red?
Ingredients for Cocktails
Cajeta with powdered goat's milk? Or evaporated?
Can I season cast iron *without* using an oven?
What method yields best result for washing breads?
Crunchier breadcrumbs
Margarine vs Butter in cinnamon roll schmear
Where to get precise recipies?
Why can't this ice cream scoop go in the dishwasher?
What are the fault tolerances on the FDA food handling guidelines?
Quick pressure release vs natural pressure release
Ways to Store Carrots for more days
Calories in a lava crunch cake
How did egg-centric dishes become "breakfast only" food in American cuisine?
How do I make prettier fried eggs?
Why isn't my bread machine making any bread?
How to make this shawarma hot sauce?
Which nuts are typically paired with raspberry and white chocolate?
How can I clean the brush that I am using for burnt pots?
Can I freeze tzatziki sauce?
using somthing besides onion in recipies
What are the coloured pieces inside cupcakes called?
Asian toasting seeds
How to prevent fat splashes when I fry a burger?
Balancing out a good souffle and burnt cheese on top
Why is supermarket bread soft?
Can I substitute green cardamon for black cardamon in curry?
How can I keep fruit salad fresh longer
Can I used lemon juice in place of ascorbic acid in canning peaches?
How do I use tamarind powder?
hardened residue after high heat cooking (carbon steel and cast iron)
What type of noodles absorb most amount of liquid?
Fiber Drink that are homogenous solutions
How to make more than one good cup of coffee with a moka pot?
How to make frosting very white, fluffy, and shiny?
Turkish coffee foam
added more yogurt to curry - can I fix it?
How to keep celery crisp?
When using fresh corn in place of canned or frozed, should I cook the corn first?
Knife heat treatment
Coca Cola's Secret Recipe
Tetrasodium pyrophosphate
How do chefs come up with recipes for good food?
Out of Salt! But I've got a seasoning blend. How do I figure how much to use?
Can flour be used interchangeably with starch?
When adding eggs to scratch cake batter, why are you supposed to add them one at a time?
Stains off of a glass top stove
Will mustard seeds soften in a sauce?
How many hours can you store raw eggs in warm car?
Sous-Vide Chicken Thighs - Effect of temperature swings?
Why does my pan always splatter when I make chicken breasts?
Is there a difference between tepid water and lukewarm water?
How does irradiated beef spoil?
Why has my honeycomb toffee set in layers?
How can I avoid getting swindled? How can I detect polyphosphates in fish fillets?
Is "medium white sauce" a usefully distinct term?
Why does my rice smell?
How far in advance can I prepare a fruit cup?
Can I substitute unsweetened cocoa powder for unsweetened baker's chocolate?
How to extend the freshness of salsa?
How do I stop my pans from boiling over?
Can an opened pack of dried yeast be stored for later use?
Smoker Ideas, something between Ribs and a Brisket
What are speed ovens (combo microwave / oven) good or not good at?
Smoking a whole duck - when to remove from heat?
How can I concentrate citrus juice at home?
What is bearnaise sauce thickened by?
How can I incorporate brown lettuce into something appetizing?
How to choose a pan for making caramel?
Water vs. milk/cream (or nothing) in traditional (French) omelets
How to reduce the masala taste from chicken roast
Are limes and lime juice more acidic than lemons and lemon juice?
What is the temperature range for food not to burn your mouth?
Are there similar scales like the Scoville scale?
Roasted duck carcass - what is this dish called?
How can I make fizz free and alcohol free mojito?
How much can I change the height of a cake?
What are the effects of using different types of ground mustard?
Substituting vegetable oil spread for oil in cake mix
Can I fit normal kenwood bowls in the major series
Does sugar go bad?
Recipe calls for shortening, I want to substitute butter. Do I need to melt the butter?
Canning with Quart Jars
What does natural vanilla extract smell like?
Cake batter consistency
rice warming & safe
Cooking over an open flame at home
Does the pasta have to stick to the wall?
Browning Avocados - What Helps?
How to protect honey jar from ants?
How much fresh garlic makes how much garlic powder
Chocolate chip cookies with whole wheat flour
Sous vide whole salmon at what temperature?
Does boiling a salsa or BBQ sauce for 30 min alter the taste?
Why did my toasted acorn squash seeds smell like chocolate?
Horizontal cuts when dicing an onion
choosing a red food color for red velvet cake
Blending eggs for omelette?
Key ingredients for classic Sauce Bolognese (Ragù Bolognese)?
Can I substitute vegetable oil for olive oil?
Pork sirloin roast
Cream Cheese vs Yogurt Cheese: what / how much difference does the bacteria make?
using crumbs mixture multiple times [is it safe?]
Sprinkles on rolled icing
What emulsifier will help my (nearly carb free) Milk Chocolate?
Is cooked fish as perishable as raw fish?
Do I have to wait for frozen steak to defrost?
Avocado substitute in blueberry muffin recipe
When do you hear the Ping sound of the lid sealing?
Does sugar turn sour after prolonged cooking?
Do scalloped sides on a knife blade have any effect?
What happens when you knead bread dough?
Slow cook pork shoulder without it falling apart
Can I convert this cocoa frosting to a coffee frosting instead?
Safe Chicken Liver?
What Makes Bread Gray?
How to use and store galangal?
Why can't I heat water properly on a new glass cooktop using a stainless steel pot?
Getting a cast iron skillet surface smooth
Measurement for 3 sheets of crushed graham cracker
How can I keep flies out of my kitchen?
How are black beans cooked for Mexican dishes?
How do I properly use a ceramic honing steel?
When making Eetch, is it necessary to sauté the onions and simmer the tomato products? Are there differences if using quinoa rather than bulghur?
What dish?: Japanese chicken skewer wrapped in a green leaf and sour red sauce
Chicken defrosted on Saturday can I eat it on Monday
Edible lollipop sticks for a complicated birthday cake
How to best prepare Sukimono
How do you create and store bacteria cultures for fermenting?
Is there no use for high temperatures in ovens?
What is the difference between noodles and pasta?
What are the best type of skewers to use for ground meat kebabs?
Sausage grease in fridge
What is the correct conversion of dried whole vs. ground fennel?
Par-Cooking Corn on the Cob in a Microwave
What to do with dehydrated potatoes tainted black?
How to seal a jar with a jam so that it can be opened without breaking the lid?
When coating raw meat with flour, does leaving it for a period of time make the flour 'disappear'?
What is the correct order to both marinate and velvet the meat?
What is the difference in blanching and parboiling?
Could cheese "halt" the tenderness of cooking lentils?
Reclaiming a salty curry
Can I use garlic leaf for cooking?
Why does my bread smell like vinegar?
How can I tell if soy sauce is of good quality?
Dealing with frozen ground beef
Dehydrating herbs - leaves vs. stems
Do professional cooks use measuring cups and spoons?
Mayonnaise in stand mixer is very runny
Heating meat in a microwave
Do "Best by: XX-XX-XX" foods have an expiration date?
Does a plain latte have chocolate in it?
How to absorb/remove excess water that you've added to a dish?
Opening wine bottle with rounded top using a waiter's friend
How to remove the excessive saltiness from gammon?
What kind of chili peppers are these?
making scalloped potatoes, need to be in oven for 3 hours,what temperature should I have them on
Using sal ammoniac (ammonium chloride) for salting fish
Do liquorice roots expire?
If bacon tastes like fish, is it still good to eat?
Beverage Cooler vs Small Refrigerator for Raw Chicken?
How can I word "add bread crumbs until it feels right"?
Marinate pork loin overnight?
Accentuating Garlic flavour
Hot Peppers in Olive Oil Safe?
Help converting dry milk + milk in recipe
How to prevent the chicken breasts from drying out
How long can I keep a dessert out of the fridge?
Is a steak OK to eat if it fell down, but I cooked it afterwards?
Quail dries out when cooked
What is the correct timing when cooking spaghetti sauce from minced meat and prepared tomato sauce?
Best tool for quickly cutting vegetables into a salad?
Cooking smoke safety
Cans are all sealed, but I forgot to boil the closed jars - should I boil them now?
How to reduce a sauce at the bottom of a baking dish?
Searing stew meat the night before
Spilled vegetable oil
Storing butter for longer than a month
Does tempered chocolate remain tempered and only needs liquefying?
Cooking and storing rice for a whole week
preserving leftover cooked rice from Chinese takeaway for processing in a cold salad afterwards
What makes lye food grade?
Comparable ingredients in butter and mayonaise
How long Pasteurized Eggs can be refrigerated?
Short-term bread storage
Is all bee's honey the same?
Is the lettuce inside the wilted outer leaves still good?
Shore caught crabs
Is it okay to slow cook sausage casserole without pan frying the sausages?
How can I make my Oreos crispy again?
What is cold-pressed honey?
What is the correct mixing method for this kind of batter?
Can alcohol and salt lengthen the shelf life of vegetables in room temperature?
Why does my glaze soak into my doughnuts?
Making baking powder substitute with baking soda and powdered citric acid
Brining multiple chickens
When *brewing* Irish coffee in a drip coffeemaker or French press, do I need to use more Irish whiskey?
What cooking techniques depend on controlled temperature between 100 and 120 degrees celsius?
How can I make the most of this stewing hen?
What are the benefits of whisking when making muffins?
What are the effects of salting a thin steak that's grilled on a pan?
Food Safety Question - Refrigerator Temperature
Why does oil burn when put into a hot pan?
Chosing 2 pans - the most versatile solution
What is the optimal steep time for cold-brewed coffee?
Evenly sauteing green beans
Chinese alternative to Olive Oil?
How did Cardinal Mazarin give name to a Swedish cake?
Is putting meat in the fridge to marinate necessary?
Why is fish not considered as meat?
Toads with a flat batter-y
Should I fry the chicken first or should I pressure cook it first?
How to peel, cut and prepare prickly pears without getting the thorns in your skin?
Brined chicken - too salty
Can I sterilize homemade mustard jars in the oven?
can shortening be used to replace lard in baking bread?
I bought Mainland's vintage cheddar, it tastes... stale?
How to authenticate food products?
How to cook Lo Mein?
What is the real difference in lo mein, chow mein, mei fun, and chop suey?
if you put a dead animal in the freezer, wrapped in a plastice bag, lay the dead animal on top of the other
Cheesier Cheese Sauce?
Vegetable "jam" with salt instead of sugar
How can I prevent my honey cake from splitting open?
Flavored Vegetable Cooking Oil
Tart Taste to Hot Bath method canned Vegetable soup
Egg safety. When to eat and when to not eat
How to add more toppings to frozen pizza?
What would be an alternative cooking technique for the Orion Cooker to get more tender ribs?
How does MSG enhance food flavor?
Do tinned foods go off (stale)?
The recipe for chess pie includes cornmeal and vinegar-why?
Saving old chocolate
What is the rate of loss of vitamin C in fresh vegetables?
Baking bread for fishing bait
Can I make fried chicken without a deep frier?
What is inside the Prawn Cocktail crisps flavour?
Preparing dried mushrooms for risotto
So much water in cake, how to fix?
What are bagel chips?
What's the fastest way to cook oatmeal porridge?
Can I make grain-free noodle/ravioli/dumpling dough?
Why isnt my salt about 39% Sodium?
How long to steam fish for?
How long can we preserve yogurt using a refrigerator?
Sweet potatoes: to cook or not to cook?
Cooked meat diaper: toxic?
Why don't other grain proteins behave like gluten?
Green tomato soup calls for creme fraiche. I cannot have creme fraiche. If I add heavy creme will it be ok?
What is the meaning of "cream of X" in a soup?
Is it better to fry or grill a steak?
Freezer warmed to -6C. Safe to eat the food?
When freezing prepared meats, is it better to freeze the meat separate from the sauce/gravy?
Extract v flavoring
Is sourdough more resistant to mold than other breads?
Extrusion pasta maker versus roller: which one makes the best pasta?
Does Turkish Delight have to be this difficult?
Soaking fruits in fruit juice
Is Japanese kasutera the same foodstuff as Korean kastera?
Should I wait until the oil smokes when frying eggs?
Coating meat in flour before browning, bad idea?
Making lemon oil from vodka
Why does my homemade mustard thicken only some of the time?
How long is marinated raw chicken breast good for after it's been vacuum sealed?
Runny Cookie Dough
Do fava beans need to cook longer than other kinds of beans?
Why does oil reduce the effectiveness of Japanese waterstones?
Using a Jelly Bag
Gas grill compared to regular (high end) oven
How can I make my sourdough crust chewier?
How to keep frozen puff pastry dough keep its shape
Can you call the stuffing you put in Turkey "filling"?
What is the smoking point of salmon fillet oil?
What is the liquid often ladled onto the grill top in restaurants?
Crock pot left on high for longer than recipe called for
How often should knives be sharpened?
Is there such a thing as a bone cleaver?
Why do bread and butter pickle recipes call for onions, mustard seed, and celery seed?
How long can I keep a dough made with powdered skim milk outside the refrigerator at room temp. before it goes bad because of bacteria?
Is there any advantage to resting (banana) bread batter?
Grinding dried chiles in a mortar and pestle?
How should pomegranates be stored?
Uncooked chicken burgers in the oven, thawed, then put into the fridge
What is the proper salt to water ratio for turkey brine?
Storing onions and potatoes in the same cellar
Hard dry crusts on frozen bread
Why do we eat unripened chili peppers?
How to cook a 2-inch thick steak to medium?
What is an alternative to chicken broth for Mexican rice?
Clear cauliflower and blue cheese soup - how to get it clear
Can we replace wheat flour totally with gluten and other grain flour like bhajra, oats etc?
Binder, thickener, emulsifier for parmesan?
Parsley storage
cake baking problem (white lumps of flour)
Which type of flour would be better to use in this case?
How to measure 7g yeast and 10g salt without a proper scale?
Burned Cookies - Now what?
What is a halogen burner or (?) cooktop? How does it work?
What food dissolves in acid but not in water?
power outage/frozen meat
Do I have to peel red potatoes before baking them?
Do I add salt to my sunny side up eggs before, during, or after cooking?
How long does it take for potato dough to become thinner?
Are there special considerations for making a pie with the express intention of freezing?
When to add vanilla beans to a sauce?
Low-fat quark plus blended blueberries -- texture changes over night?
How to shell macadamias without a special tool?
Is a longer defrost better than microwave defrosting?
Is there any way to salvage an old rusted wok?
How to cool 8 liters of cooking oil quickly for transport and disposal
Bread breaks in the middle while in the oven
When should garlic be added to the pan to get maximum pungency?
Why is the nutritional composition of tofu different from soybeans?
When sauteing should I put onion or garlic first?
What can be used as a substitute for potassium nitrate as a preservative?
Can I thaw whole Ginger root to use later?
Where can I find good ground sumac?
What is the best way to infuse mint into a tomato sauce?
Is there a way to tone down the flavor of celery in an Oyster Mushroom Chowder?
Best way to preserve a meat without using refrigerator
Does cooking one month expired canned goods render it edible?
Sausage exploded and looks foamy
Do you need to break up a large dough ball into smaller balls for optimal proving?
What do I do with leftover egg whites? How long are they safe for?
Scallops purchased in super market
Making Herman the German starter using brown sugar
Amish Friendship Bread starter with buttermilk
Cooking terminology: ingredient preparation vocabulary
Does the quality of garlic degrades if I chopped, fried then use it after a week?
Why does my jelly crystal box single out pineapple, kiwi fruit and paw paw as preventing setting?
How would I produce (stable) foamy bechamel sauce?
Crumble added to muffins before baking
How to boil maize(Indian corn)?
Thawing uncooked chicken
Heating Avocado
Sandwich wraps always getting way to crispy
Can I boil water to temperature lower than 100 Celsius / 212 Fahrenheit to make a tea?
What are different methods of preserving chillies?
How can I tell if homemade ginger syrup has gone bad?
What non-alcoholic liquid can I use to store Ginger, both cooked and raw?
What is levure equivalant in America?
My ciabatta dough hasn't risen after 2 hours!
What is the minimum temperature yeast will be active?
Quick flavour for fresh popcorn
Can German Potato Balls be frozen?
baking time versus number of items in oven
How can I evenly grill a thin steak on a skillet?
Rice with worm and possibly their eggs
What is 'adequate' refrigerated space for a single person
What would be the effect of doubling the egg in this bread?
Beef mince (ground beef) smells like vinegar
Should I add vegetables and spices in the stock-making stage of pig-knuckle soup?
pb&j taste like soap
Is there a way to stop marshmallows from melting off the stick?
Is it necessary to only boil vegetables (or chicken) or can they be pressure cooked and later be boiled for the flavour to seep in?
Spices storage conditions
How does "BHT added to packaging material" actually work?
How to set the temperature in a refrigerator without proper indication on the dials?
What would be a good substitution for powdered milk in cereal cookies?
What do I need to consider when upgrading to a 40 quart mixer?
Did I just almost start an oil fire?
Why won't my crueler rise
Can you warm biga in a microwave?
Help! I sliced my flank steak along the grain, is there a way to still have tender meat?
How can I improve my fried rice?
what shall I do about this ground meat?
How long can a packet of sliced ham be used once opened?
Steel Pan non-stick improvement by polishing
When buying blue potatoes how can you tell what color the flesh will be?
Freezing whole strawberries
How to make Honey Roasted Peanuts just like Planters?
What can I subsitute for Aluminum foil in the oven? I am allergic to Aluminum
Adding spice to poaching liquid
Why use a sandwich press instead of an oven or pan?
Should ciabatta sandwich rolls be dry and dense?
flaw in stainless steel
Does unopened whole wheat flour have to be refrigerated?
What cut of beef can I use to make "sukiyaki beef"?
Trying to make a 3 layer curd tart
Worm in dry bread, what is it?
Can we (safely?) use salmon after storing it (in deep freeze?) for two years or more?
Even heating: skillet thickness vs. electric element size
Can a blunt knife be sharpened?
Potato and onion used in cheese & onion pasties
Terrine shrunk during cooking
What size cake pan could be substitued in place of muffins?
Wouldn't this cake batter be too runny? Would the coffee affect the texture?
What kind of tray or tray coating to use for pretzels?
Why didn't my apples caramelise?
Crispy pork belly, how can I cook the inside more?
Achieve the same consistency as 8 hour slow cooked inside skirt steak in a fraction of the time?
My beef roast is dry on top and soggy on the bottom, how to correct it?
How can I make fresh burger buns like Hardees?
Does heat distribution vary between uncoated stainless steel pans and non-stick pans?
Is there any pan in which water or liquid shouldn't be boiled?
Not getting the creamy result beating butter and sugar
What is the difference between chickpeas and garbanzo beans?
Is it possible to make evaporated milk using powdered milk?
Ziploc vacuumed bags expand in sous vide
How to keep bags from floating in a sous vide supreme
Is it best to slice roast meat if eating the next day?
Decoration food long-term preservation
What is the best way to turn the chunks of jaggery into fine powder?
How to stop oil separating from cheese
How to make part bake baguettes and rolls?
can i mix arborio and carnaroli
Increasing time on slow cooker recipes
Substitutes for wheat flour and their challenges in baking
How to a prevent spoon from falling into soup?
What's is the internal temperature of pancakes?
chocolate fudge not having harder or sticky consistency
What is this dipped powder cookie called?
How can I keep my buttercream from becomming grainy?
Is it possible to re-use pickling liquid?
Are chicken gizzards okay to eat if still pink inside?
Salt for Sauerkraut
substituting black treacle/molasses for brown sugar
Compensating for extra moisture from cold flour
Can you brew black tea in a macchinetta?
Can I substitute a stainless steel pot for the traditional iron dutch oven?
Vanilla fudge attempts turn into caramel
Getting the flavor of honey without the sweetness
Acmella oleracea (Szechuan buttons) - active chemical for mouth sensation?
I love food and the public but my body can't handle it anymore
Can I prepare wasabi powder in advance?
Sourdough starter developing alcohol
How do I keep Clam juice
Mixed bread dough shelf life?
How to mix cream to increase its fat percentage?
What is a good substitute for Farro?
How to keep cream cheese for a long time?
Can I freeze fresh hyssop?
Purple skin with white flesh yams/sweet potatoes have black/green spots after I boil them. Can I still eat them?
Does store-bought Kombucha spoil? If so, how can I tell?
Are the particulates that settle in a veal stock impurities?
Can you put polystyrene in the microwave oven
How to preserve fermented bean sauce
How to remove the flavor from whisky stones?
Are beets related to turnips?
Broiler Drawer vs Oven Broiler?
power failure and a slow cooker
How can I start down the path of eating less meat?
How to see if cast iron cookware is enameled?
Will swapping the red wine in my spaghetti bolognese with port wreck the dish?
How to make sure that potatoes are boiled properly?
Proper use of Rhubarb
Rule of the thumb for judging the leavening?
Why the pizza is able to "recover" so quickly?
How long can a can of food be kept in fridge before opening?
Advice for Rice balls in bulk
How to add flavour coating to gelatine or starch capsules?
Why is it necessary for Turkish Coffee to start brewing with cold water?
How much salt is needed for "Coq au vin"
Should I get the small or large size of a pour over brew device when I'm only brewing one cup? (eg. Hario V60, Woodneck)
Reliable Cookie-to-Butter Ratio for Crumb Crusts
How to convert a chocolate fudge frosting recipe to white chocolate?
yeast substitutes and proper measurements
Coating/skin on Quorn Sausage - is it edible?
missing ingredients in banana bread
What is the charcoal snake method and how does it work?
Pavlova Roll failure
Why not cover the pot?
My chocolate-chip cookie expanded after baking
How do I roll or wrap up pasta into a log-like shape for presentation?
How do I avoid gummy, unworkable pasta dough?
How to classify the parts of a recipe ingredient?
Need Help on Cooking Thick Pork Chops to Temperature
How to pan sear salmon without burning the skin?
What is the white film on my wet carrots?
how early can I put food into a slow-cooker?
How should I prepare venison hind leg sous vide?
What is water temperature after electric kettle switches off?
What is thet difference between venison and veal?
Halloumi ended up too soft
why do some pavlova recipes have cream of tarter to be added
Can refrigerated shredded mozzarella cheese go bad if the refrigerator door was left open overnight?
Baked item that would catch on fire/smoke?
Another crockpot error
Beef and veggies in crock pot turn out hard and tough
What can I substitute for tomato paste to thicken a marinade?
Korean rice cakes (tteok) sold unrefrigerated
Boiling Chicken Breast (or any meat) before cooking to cook evenly
How much dry ice should be used to keep this much dough frozen in a box of this size?
Leaving the ladle in the soup considered harmful?
Can excess oil make french fries soggy?
Why is delivered pizza often oily?
Sour pickles with Calcium Chloride?
Ate steak with the layer of fat kind of undercooked, is it dangerous?
How long can pie batter stay in the refrigerator?
Does vinegar have the same function as tartaric acid in a pavlova?
How to Judge the Appropriate Feeding Schedule for Immature Sourdough Starter
Käsespätzle like the ones in Bavaria
regarding chocolate chip cookies
Can whole pablanos be frozen whole?
Is it a good idea to use cardamom in chili?
5 Gallon Drinking Water Container
Sugar/salt frosted around the top of a cup/mug
What is the target internal temperature of pork back ribs for maxium tenderness?
Can I make microwave frozen ready pizza?
How to store no yeast dough
Making Tamales using a corn meal alternative
Sweetened Condensed Milk in Carnitas - What Does it Do?
What do you get when you reheat and cool clotted cream?
Emulsifying ingredients for vinaigrettes
How long does coconut curry last in the fridge?
Smoking a blade steak
Why did my chocolate icing exude its cocoa butter?
What order should I add ingredients when making soup?
Lemon juice as a natural preservative for soups
Preparing a fresh bag of spinach: To Stem or Not To Stem
Should I be suspicious of meat/seafood on sale?
Do I need to let red wine breathe each time I uncork the same bottle?
How can I get gross, bloody stumps in my Halloween punch?
Could a non-bitter eggplant become bitter after cooking?
Can I fix butter (for a sauce) after putting too much mustard in?
How long does it take to cook ground meat on a skillet?
How to make use of old apples?
Why is some frozen breaded chicken pre-fried?
What is the difference between Paris ham and French ham?
Is unsour sour cream too new or too old?
Is it necessary to store purchased sealed Coffee powder in freezer? Why?
How to protect roasted coffee powder from degrading during daily use?
The cook time and temperature I need is not an option on my crockpot
Fire under electric stovetop element
Why should food be frozen quickly?
Amount of baking powder in a muffin recipe
Are there blue foods out there?
How can I cut a tomato without a knife?
Reasons to sweeten ground beef macaroni casserole
What sort of kebab is used with Chellow Kebab?
What's the best container to ferment vegetables?
Is old Bailey's Irish Cream safe to drink?
Is sealed raw meat left out on counter for 3+ hours safe to cook and eat?
How to make my graham cracker bites crispy/crunchy?
How to put stuff inside baked sandwich and bread?
Cafe brulot in emily post's etiquette
I am wondering if certain ingredients go together
Can I tenderize conch meat with baking soda
How can I adapt slow-cooker recipes to allow more pre-preparation?
Can raw soured milk be used to make cheese
What is the best way to add greens to an omelette?
How to distinguish cream of tartar from bread improver
Will colored shredded coconut show up in brownies?
How to roast garlic on low temperature grill
Amount of caffeine per bean of Starbucks bagged coffee (big secret I guess)
What is the difference between malai paneer and paneer?
What are these called in english?
Homemade coconut milk separates into different layers after a day in the fridge
How can I prevent a thick layer of tikka marinade on my chicken?
Can all recipe ingredient quantities be halved or doubled without altering taste?
Crock-pot/slow-cooker basmati sushi/ketupat
Baking Double Pans of Muffins
Is oven an important factor in getting great baking results?
How does pudding make cake moister?
Can/should I use baking soda when cooking beans?
Why is no juice left after cooking lamb or beef joint in a pan?
Baker's Percentages for Baked Doughnuts?
chicken texture after precooking starts to break
Jar opened once - is it still good for pickling?
Best way to Sous vide two steaks to different temperatures
Restaurant kitchen supplies that are also really useful in a home kitchen?
Can I salvage an uncooked bread?
Thickness of ready-to-roll icing
Are countertop blenders with plastic jars dangerous?
oven alternatives
Kebab cooking rules
How to make a beef or vegetable broth more dense?
Can anyone identify this RED GINSENG CANDY?
How to bake frozen chicken without setting off fire alarms?
Are bell peppers with brown seeds safe to eat?
Does dissolved sugar really help to extract fruit flavours?
Table of calories
Rust on unknown metal cooking mold
Raw chicken 2 hour/4 hour time
What green tea has the highest caffeine content?
Possible to cook chestnuts on a wood burning stove?
How long could a meat-based broth be held safely near 180F/82C?
Why does my tuna Casserole turn sour?
What does butter do in cooking?
Canadian meat/fat "candy"
Cook mashed potatoes in buttermilk
Freezing a Peanut Butter Chip Pound Cake
Refrigerating warm potato salad 13 hours after dinner
Getting over the taste of chili pepper
Bake and then Broil instead of flipping?
When is MSG suitable and when is it not?
How to get rid of the smell and taste of egg whites? I throw up when i eat them
How can I produce a more soggy Neapolitan pizza crust?
What is the difference between traditional Mexican cooking and Tex-Mex?
Beer instead of Seltzer in tempura?
Uzbek cuisine - Cookbook in English?
What are powdered sugar cubes?
Pesto after doing a sauce or before?
Oolong leaves not unfurling
How to safely cook a lamb's head?
How should I clean my metal mesh tea strainer?
What is it about boring, normal ketchup that makes it "fancy"?
Can you and how do you melt quark cheese into bechamel?
what determines the texture of cookies
About 'sharpening"; do you PUSH OR PULL the blade across the stone?
Where can I find food-grade beeswax to make Canelé?
How do I fix a cast iron pot that was heated empty for hours?
Should I roast a rolled beef roast from room temperature?
How is Botan (the Japanese rice candy) made?
Why do frozen foods that are fully cooked still need to be heated to the same temperature raw items require?
I failed to make yogurt, what have I made?
Bread going stale in enamel breadbasket
Half and half bread, too salty and no salt?
How long can a pitcher of tap water be left out, and still be drinkable?
Rescuing peanut butter frosting
Why would hot-packed green beans go bad when still sealed?
Can I use low fat greek yogurt to substitute mayo in sauce that is going to be heated up (broiled)?
Time and Temperature to bake small fruit cakes
Help first time making cookies
Rolls fall flat
Why is my stevia-sweetened fresh whipped cream bitter?
Old-Fashioned Candy/Deep-Fry Thermometer - How Shallow Can I Go?
What is the inside texture of a Japanese croquette?
Cookies are too sweet
Is ionized water safe to drink?
Beets too big for quality?
ready made sugar syrup
Buying first cast iron pan size/depth/shape
Spatchcock Turkey in Small Oven
What Kind of Pan is This?
Baileys best before date
How does pepper enhance/increase the saltiness of a dish?
What makes pineapples cause a burning / itchy feeling in the mouth?
Do I need special gloves for mozzarella stretching?
How can I "cheat" on dough maturation?
Do nettles grow in Florida?
Red spots found in Active Dry yeast
Homemade marshmallows not roasting, just melting
What are the transparent strands in this salad?
What is the difference between a New York Strip and a Bone-In New York Cut Sirloin?
can I substitute greek yogurt for sour cream for a topping for baked cheesecake?
Sous Vide Pork Butt Char Siew (Chinese BBQ)
Can I use taco seasoning in chicken quesadillas?
Earthy tasting frozen salmon
Can dough be knead with a rolling pin?
Substitute Sherry for Wine in Sour dough cookies?
Why did my chowder turn out watery?
Would it be a bad idea to electroplate a knife?
How to prevent dry chicken in soup?
Should I steam or boil zongzi?
Bolognese: can I add the meat after tomatoes?
How do I prevent salmon sticking to the BBQ grill?
Thai curry cooking
Leaving the lid open in a soup
Killed Enzymes in Yogurt
How do I extract the membrane from an egg?
are the larger snails in Hawaii edible?
Pork roast safe cooking
Can I heat frozen waffles in the oven without a baking sheet?
What can substitute for barley in soup
Pitas are paper thin on one side
Raw pork and raw chicken touching each other
What is the white dust on red grapes?
uncooked pork left out overnight in original packaging
Why did my soy (Silk) milk suddenly become as viscous as rubber cement?
Breaking down a turkey for storage - brine before or after freezing?
Bringing water to boil with rice or alone and then add rice?
How to remove soil smell from beetroots?
How far in advance can you make bacon?
Why did my idli looked cooked from outside but was still mushy inside?
Why the Australian Tomahawk steak is larger then US?
Sautéing vegetables in heated oil
Ingredients vs. Temperature Control in Chocolate Fudge
Easy Oven Cleaning - No products
Candied almonds made In a crock pot didn't harden, are still gooey
Best pan to use for cooking in olive oil?
Can I substitute parchment paper for foil?
how can I get guar gum to smoothly blend in juice?
Prevent the grinder basket on Cuisinart coffee maker from sticking
my black garlic cooking in a rice cooker went brown and hard before black any ideas?
When does the new home oven/stove smell go away?
What are the differences between a Dutch oven and ceramic casserole?
How do I bake chocolate chip cookies like Subway?
How much fat should be added to venison when making sausage?
Canned yams vs. fresh
Science of fast (high heat) vs. slow (low heat) scrambled eggs and omelets
Can I freeze raw liver and meat?
What is wrong with the pan in which I make my caramels, and what kind of pan should I be using?
Roasting multiple turkeys (cooking time estimation)
How can I stabilize a berry coulis?
How large does an oven need to be to fit a 18 lbs turkey?
Using sauce as a soup base
Is it safe to make chicken stock, forgot to turn crock pot on!
tartine bread without dutch oven (inverted mixing bowl on top of heavy skillet)?
Filter out sand from amaranth and teff
Temperature needed to make crunchy toffee
recipe say's to sponge on 2 cups warm milk and 1 cup warm water, what does this mean?
Whole fish oven temperature and inside temperature
How keep prepared courgette fresh?
Ingredients injected into chicken breast
removing breast before roasting rest of duck?
Why pre-mix baking soda into 2 tsp of milk?
Does frozen broccoli need to be cooked to be eaten safely?
How to Prepare Chickpea Purée from a Can?
Making ice cream and fats don't dissolve in base
Difference between two cleavers - straight back vs curved
Spatchcocked turkey cooking time
How to stop sushi nori tasting too strong?
How to make gingerbread more moist and fluffy?
a glue like substance in oil
Water bath issue when doubling a cheesecake recipe to make bars
Baking two strata at once
Can I use sweetened condensed milk instead of evaporated milk for pumpkin pie?
How much cake batter to make two 6"x2" cakes?
Why put Sprite in a baking recipe?
Working with sticky dough for pizza making
How Long To Brine Boneless Chicken
What wines pair well with spicy, citrus chicken?
How (or is) "low & slow" turkey safe?
What are the chunks of connective tissue on soup bones? (And can I use them?)
Which end of the cucumber should I save for later?
How much brown sugar should I substitute for white sugar?
Can I make my dough for dinner rolls ahead in bread maker and refrigerate overnight?
Frozen store-bought pie crust
Pumpkin pie filling way too thick
How many minutes in the oven per pound: stuffed turkey
How can you make gelatin at home?
Best thickness for shaped pizza dough for good sliding from the peel/tray into the oven
Should I default to higher or lower power when the recommended power is not an option in a microwave?
Is it safe to deep fry two turkeys in the same oil for Thanksgiving?
Cooking Ramen noodles in broth or not?
Fried capers and caper alternatives
Reasonable level of inaccuracy in thermometer?
What should I do with a turkey after roasting but hours before dinner?
How can I fry leftover mashed potato?
What material/metal is typically used under the layer of coating in 'ceramic' frying pans?
What is the best marker for writing on glass?
Why is my pecan pie always runny?
What should I look for when buying a ramen bowl?
Can I purify / kill germs in a water to make it drinkable by putting it in a freezer?
Which tools can be used to safely cut bone?
What is the ratio of curing salt versus table salt in a recipe?
Baking a pie in air grill / electrical convection oven?
Can I fix my universal meat grinder which leaks when I make cranberry orange relish
How do I heat up rice and pasta at work?
Why potatoes need to be boiled in order to make alcohol?
Can You Blowtorch A Pig Skin to Make it Crispy?
Why do most belly pork recipes recommend cooking the pork at a high temperature at the beginning of cooking?
What caused my homemade "Nutella" to go bad?
Why does my knife leave grey streaks in the butter?
Should iodized salt be avoided when salting meat?
Burning crumpet bottoms
Chicken Tikka Masala tastes a bit off
Why is my bread so dense and moist?
What are the options for sweetening?
Jam scum after sealing
cinnamon in bread dough
Is a smoked pork shoulder a suitable substitute for ham hocks?
Why do my huge bone broth ice cubes become tiny puddles when melted?
How to store homemade pasta without freezing
When is an avocado considered bad?
Sous Vide and Plastic Melting?
How to stuff and/or spice the chicken BELOW the skin?
Is carnival glass safe for serving food?
red spots on the chicken
Making stroopwafels with a pizelle iron
How do I use Cacao Nibs in the chocolate making recipe
Should cold turkey and roast beef be heated before putting on the gravy?
Cutting the stems of banana instead of wrapping them when preserving them
Can vegetable oil be used in place of butter?
OK to "recook" partially cooked poultry?
Using gas cooker now having problem cooking food
How to cook frozen goose
Are there any differences between preparing/cooking a turkey that was labeled "basted with real butter" vs a regular turkey?
Turkey stock in refrigerator
Does it matter that my pots are bigger than my ceremic cook top element?
Is roasting a whole duck something a beginner should avioid?
How long will my homemade marinade with orange juice last?
Fabric to be used for cheesecloth
Is rare pheasant safe?
Oil in Ramen broth
How much of "wasabi" is actually wasabi in the United States?
How to get cheese melted without burning grilled cheese
Are there cheeses with less saturated fat?
Are there any substitutes for squash puree?
Are these chestnuts safe to eat?
Why can I resuse green tea leaves several times, but not black?
Is it safe to drink the whey?
What kind of rice can I use in a salt shaker to prevent clumping
Best beef joint for slow cooker
Does using egg+yolk in a chocolate chip cookie recipe make a big difference?
Is there a super close substitute for graham crackers?
Why do red kidney beans come in 410g cans?
What is a "raw smoked" gammon (or ham)?
How can I remove a stuck liquor decanter stopper?
What kind of pan is this? (photo) How would you use it?
Raw Kale - Korean side dish
What is Canadian-style sour cream?
Which cooking method gives the leanest bacon?
How do I properly wash bugs out of green onion?
Why don't oyster crackers contain oysters?
How long does cooked garlic keep in fridge?
Softening nougat candy
What else can rid the fishy smell of fish besides Casein?
What direction must one stir molten chocolate?
Can I use parchment paper for all cookies
Do pan "pores" exist, what are they, and what are their effects?
Vacuum-packed cheese question (botulism)
dealing with curved ribs in a flat rib recipe
Where to look for Vintage Cookbooks in Spanish?
Blue/green mold on sourdough starter
What kinds of grocery stores tend to carry guava?
What is the difference between a Jus, Sauce and a Gravy?
Does wrapping banana stems actually prolong their life?
How can I be sure I'm buying the right KitchenAid beaters?
How long can melted chocolate last?
Why would you place potatoes on salt when baking in the oven?
How can I safely re-heat a chicken pie without burning the crust?
What tastes like marigold?
What to do with grapefruit seeds?
Is my ragu missing an ingredient?
Why are my beets not fermenting?
Do you need to rinse liver?
After breakfast, egg plate clean up
Is it necessary to cook porridge (oatmeal)?
Milk for Coffee - Shake and Hit
Egg Integrity/safety
Used old chicken broth in a stew, but washed it out. Will it be safe to eat?
Baking granbarksost (spruce bark cheese) (Brie) with little mould
Ingredient selection for Canadian Poutine dish
Flat Yorkshire Pudding
Reducing "gamy" flavor of turkey
Relating the Color of meat to doneness
Roasted chicken ends up only salty outside
Less sticky rice and lentils
Baking a cheesecake at 325 instead of 350
Serving Creme Brulee to a large group of people
Preheating Onida convection microwave oven
Whole eggs versus folding in egg whites
A substitution for pork in Swedish meatballs
How to avoid getting arm hair in food?
How should I store leftover uncooked lasagna sheets?
Coconut Water from White vs Brown Coconuts
Substituting instant imitation flavored pudding mix and cake mix in Bundt Cake recipe
What kind of food components contain more energy?
How long do you have to cook adzuki beans in a pressure cooker before they're edible?
Mold on Vinegar Batch?
Low Hassle, Knead-Free Doughs
Can I make ciabatta with corn flour?
Freezing an apple pie
Baking soda accident in pretzel dough - Can it be salvaged?
Easier way to shell out sunflower seeds
How do canned soup companies keep their noodles from absorbing all the liquid in the can?
How do you stop banana flower soup from tasting astringent?
Can I substitute powdered walnuts for all-purpose flour in a cake?
Pressure cooking for one?
What should I look for in a cookie jar?
How do restaurants make chicken fried rice? What ingredient am I missing?
How to bake crushed peppermint into cake?
Is this extremely soft "French raclette" cheese actually meant for raclette?
How to get good barley texture
What flavors complement pistachio (pudding specifically)?
Can someone identify this food?
Baking below sea level
How are beef cuts labeled in Russian?
Is there any cut of beef that's close to Kobe beef?
Is it safe to reuse unrefrigerated canola oil for deep frying?
What is the history of the standard sheet (bun) pan?
Desalinating dried/smoked fish
Fully cooked ham left out for 10 hours, is it still safe to eat?
Is there a reason to not add salt when making a soup?
What's this odd stuff coming out of my meringue?
What is the best way to store fruit in bulk to make smoothies?
How to make wet fries?
Egg yolk sizes changed over the years?
How do I make bread with LOTS of seeds?
Can I use ocean water to cook my pasta?
What are "rye sours"?
wet cured ham spoilage
Can meat freeze from the inside out?
Challah rolls open up when baking in the oven
I used evaporated milk instead of sweetened condensed milk in a fudge recipe. How do I fix this?
How can I prevent pastry becoming soggy when it has a filling and is stored overnight?
What is the procedure for Pillsbury cookies?
Is there a difference between freezing meat at 26°F and 0°F?
How to choose the right kind of flour?
Seeking a creamy/melty Swiss Cheese commonly available in the US
How long is homemade spiced apple cider good for in a sealed Mason canning jar?
Why does my pavlova always look like this?
How-to Cut Baking Chocolate bar clean for perfect squares
Will cooking meat with the thermometer in affect the cooking time?
what kind of meat is used at carving stations?
Whipped cream running permanently from siphon
Tomato Sauce Turns Dark/Sweet
When is it better to fry with oil and when is it better to fry with butter?
How can I make these cookies less sweet without ruining the texture?
Freezing meat - whole or in pieces?
Use by date on cacao butter
Local special ingredients on Cape Cod
Can I reduce heavy whipping cream for a sauce a day ahead of use?
Buttermilk substitute for making creme fraiche?
Why does a cold saturated sugar solution melt chocolate?
Can't I just grease the Baking Sheet instead of using Parchment Paper
I am using agave instead of sugar, do I add more flour to keep things right in cookie dough?
Using Milk Chocolate instead of unsweetened chocolate in a pie
How to cook Brussells Sprouts and sweet potates in one oven?
How do I prevent grainy fudge?
How do I make my sourdough bread dough stretchy and not have it tear?
Fudge not setting up-- any salvaging possible? Alternate uses?
Cooking pork roast ahead of time for Christmas?
Why are roasts wrapped in foil?
Fell asleep with slow cooker on warm for 9 - 10 hours? Still good?
How to make "salt-crust-baked" chicken?
Keep roast beef fresh?
How to "fill" a cake made from a cupcake recipe
How to know potato is done boiling without poking it to check softness?
How do I substitute canned pumpkin for canned pumpkin pie filling?
Refreezing stock after boiling
Pâtés raw from inside in another oven - how to make them right in this oven?
Simple syrup end result
Why do my pancakes taste dry?
Xmas ham on the BBQ
How can I extend shelf life of my cakes?
When is a food considered a delicacy?
Oil Dates, If a cooking oil has never been open how long past the "Use by date" would be acceptable?
Is it safe to microwave Pyrex containers immediately after removing them from the freezer and removing the plastic lid?
Brining rack of lamb
Mushroom soup prep in advance
Fix fudge that is too rich
How do I take the heat out of my chili?
regulating temperature in cheap offset smokers
What is the best sugar for sweet short crust pastry?
Why should or shouldn't I peel button mushrooms?
How is British tea prepared?
Dry aging at home - is it really possible?
Which red pepper to use?
Ideal way to cook a chicken
Why does my pizza dough stick to my peel?
British "pot" of whipping cream?
Kutya- Ukranian Christmas recipe
One oven dinner
How to sweeten ganache for a chocolate lining
Why isn't glass ideal for the fermentation of sauerkraut?
Is it possible/advisable to slice deboned Jamon Iberico on a mandoline?
Boiling vs soaking rice noodles
Smoke alarms go off now that we have a gas stove didn't when we had electric
Is it ok to let vegetables cool before roasting?
Putting cure in fry sausage?
How long to bake lasagne at lower temperature?
Cleaning silver with aluminum
How can I replace apples with peaches?
Replacement for the ring seal or gasket in a blender
Rib Roast Rare standing up or lying down?
How to prevent cheese and certain other products from stinking up my fridge?
I accidentally boiled away most of my soup, what can I do to recover it?
How much quantity of jaggery can replace 1 table spoon of white sugar?
Are sharkfin melon shoots really edible?
What is a good technique for making candy floss (cotton candy)?
How to roast peanuts for peanut butter?
Slightly bitter potatoes or onion
How to honey roast peanuts?
Pressure cooker rice quality vs high-end rice cooker
Filtered or non-filtered soymilk maker?
Does it matter if I freeze dough before proofing?
Cooking Wine in a Gas Oven?
How does one break long bones for broth?
Can grilled steak be eaten next day if refrigerated and the heated in the oven?
Semifreddo vs Ice Cream
How to dry fruits without sunlight or a dehydrator?
My french bread dough did not rise on the second rise after forming the loaves
How should glasses/cups be oriented in storage?
Maintenance and safety of cast iron skillet
What to do with dried vegetables that feel like a chewing gum?
Forgot Brown sugar in cookies
Is the white hemolymph that comes out of a lobster (when boiling) edible?
How does the carrot in deep fryer trick work?
Are there any situations where untempered chocolate is better than tempered?
Can semifreddo be used in fried ice cream recipe?
Calculate baking time for bread
What is the name of this french food?
Frosting kept melting when trying to frost cake
why does my non dairy creamer not dissolve in coffee?
Cooking a large pork roast in a slow cooker
Nutrient content of ground bison meat
Ballotine of Foie Gras - chop or not?
A question about browning meat for spaghetti bolognese
What is the easiest way to remove the papery covers from the peanuts?
How much full cream milk do I need to make 100 gms Paneer (Cottage cheese) at home?
New to grinding meat
Is it necessary to "heal" clay pots?
Chow Mein: What is the starchy sauce called and how can I cook it?
What are the advantages of "bathed" bread?
How to turn a large piece of meat without losing breading
Xanthan Gum Use in Tamarind Chutney
Can I make any modern improvements to this Russian cake recipe from 1971?
What should I look for in a new kitchen knife set?
Braising with 2 dutch ovens - time?
What should the consistency of the meat filling of moussaka be like?
I left a fully cooked honeybaked ham out overnight, and i am planning on making it into soup-is that ok?
What is the top layer of separated turkey gravy called?
How should I store bolognese sauce prep?
Three day old pancake batter with grey spots
How long do sharkfin melons keep?
Exactly how much is "one glass", in Russian recipes?
What advantages does a brasing pan have over a full Dutch/French oven?
what size foil squares to wrap chocolate truffles?
Consistently getting cannoli shells off their molds easily
how long does chilling take for this icecream recipe
What bean species are best for baked beans?
What is the name for the 'sweetness' of cooling roast pork?
Baking bread during the day
How do I pick the best fillet mignon at the supermarket?
Why did people start using CO2 (instead of e.g. oxygen) for carbonated drinks?
Can you safely use a cast-iron grill pan as a heat diffuser?
Why don't they sell frozen tomatoes like other frozen vegetables and fruits?
How do get the "caramelized juices" from yams
Is my biga supposed to be liquid?
Can an enameled dutch oven be used for stir frying?
How to rescue a Hollandaise with too much lemon
is electricity smell from microwave after metal was put in it mean the microwave is ruined?
Quick bread formula?
How to fry sepia?
What to add if low-carb muffins don't rise and are crumbly
White cloudy areas on bottom of new stainless steel skiillet…
How to prepare tiny salted squid for cooking?
Does the location of where an octopus was imported from determine the flavor/quality of the meat?
Should good prosciutto be refrigerated?
Should I be scared of chicken livers? Can I make them less scary? (Ragu Bolognese)
Why do my pastries come out flat when I use butter instead of margarine?
Why are my sous vide salmon fillets coming out raw in the center?
Olive oil is extremely bitter - has it gone rancid?
Chocolate Berry Cake with Berries as main batter ingredient?
Flat Thai Panaeng Curry
substitute beef for lamb?
What exactly does carbonated water do?
How can I get my Starbucks coffee to taste like the Starbucks store?
Moldy black truffles-are they edible?
Will my baked potatoes be ok cooked longer at a low temp?
Pressure canning stock
How Long Can I Store Seasoned, Vacuum Sealed Chicken
How to Debone Oxtail?
Frozen sea squirts: any suggests on cleaning/preparing?
What are marshmallows?
Is it feasible to cook a gourmet tasting menu in a home kitchen?
Oil temp goes up when turkey breast is added - why?
Why did my thai curry have a bitter aftertaste?
Using Glucose instead of Fructose
Store avocados for say a month
Can/do apples and pears ripen?
Can I pre-cook chicken in a sous vide bath while cooking something else?
Substituting margarine for butter in cookies
making jam with brown (raw) caster sugar
Keeping consistent quality of marinated meat throughout the day in a restaurant
How to adjust stewing time for different weights of meat?
Sous vide chuck roast or chuck steaks?
How do I adjust cooking time when temperature may be off by 5-10C?
Using fat as a preservative,
Prevent uneven browning with breadcrumb chicken?
Squash Casserole: Reducing the water content?
What is the purpose of the light coating of flour in a three-step bound breading?
Cooking pot with regulable water boiling temperature
Getting correct baking consistency when using stevia as sugar substitute
Do successful french macarons really need precise weight measurements?
What does a Thai Scented Candle impart?
Spongy ground venison
Possible dangers of home fermentation of vegetables
What are some recommended methods of cleaning wooden cutting boards?
Is unrefrigerated butter safe?
Is it possible to churn butter in a food processor or blender?
Making cake balls with a not-so-sweet frosting
Custard curdling/splitting
Will my results differ when using a sourdough starter vs poolish for pizza dough?
Is this cooking method likely to yield a tasty pork chop?
How can I tell if my acorn squash is ripe before cutting it open?
Freezing potato mash made with root and fresh vegetables
How to substitute in baking so the result is both egg- and gluten-free?
Spicy margarita jelly not setting up
Can my syrupy jelly be processed again to make it set, or do I need to start over?
Can I replicate these Cafe Noir cookies?
Coffee Biscuit doesn't come out in Knock Box
Should I boil canned food in water?
Substitution for idealmjöl
Oiling wood handles
How do I get more flavor in the interior of a brisket?
How do I make my Thai curry with paste taste better?
How can I make a super-thin, yet strong, calzone crust?
Is there any reason not to keep fruits inside nalewka for too long?
Storing cooked rice in fridge
How to make "white" jello using aloe vera jelly pack for broken glass dessert
Is it safe to prepare a crock pot recipe the night before?
Why is the texture of the pasta in a store-bought pasta salad different to the texture of pasta I've cooked at home?
Name of a greek spice that sounds like "bakari"
Can I replace flour in a soup recipe with a 1 to 1 gluten free flour?
What would this sauce be called?
Graphing oven temperature over time
How thick should be the sponge for a swiss roll?
Inulin reduction in Jerusalem Artichokes
Preparing Meats using Dry Rubs
What can be substituted for green onions when making crab cakes?
What is the difference between genoise sponge and victoria sponge?
What is the best way to store and manage tahini?
Using Cheesecloth for Pancetta
Is there a safety issue with freezing raw chicken with raw stuffing?
Water vs olive oil when sautéing
When to add vegetables to stew?
What temperature is 'High' in a 950 watt microwave?
Shatter resistant tea carafe/pitcher/pot
What are "fondi di carciofo" called in English?
How to write the so called wooden tomato / wooden potato in Chinese (and where to find it)?
How long does Peanut Oil keep
Are my refrigerated pork chops & onions safe to eat?
How do you make tapioca from cassava?
How do I cook any recipe with frozen eggplant?
How do you make meringues?
Can demi glace be done with fewer steps
What does the clock-like symbols under plastic containers mean?
How to prevent Meringue from turning chewy/gummy-like?
Yeast and Flour for Panasonic Bread Maker
Culturing Yeast in Dough
How can I scale down a high-yield recipe that calls for a single egg?
What is the purity test for Olive oil?
My flatbreads are still doughy inside after cooking?
What is the difference between whipped cream and whipping cream?
how long to cook stuffed chicken breasts
Should lemongrass be edible or just a flavoring?
Using Jaggery as Substitute for Sugar
Skimming foam from stock without removing floating spices
Adding Pulses (Legumes) in Powder Form to Bread
What is the ideal temperature for water added to chickpea flour for falafel?
Botulism Olives, Olive Oil and garlic
What does the oil do in a marinade?
Using low oven temperature to accelerate proofing
Cooking pots overheated
Beans, bacon, and chicken
Is there any advantage of applying dry rub overnight for baby back ribs for smoking?
What to use in pressure fermentation
When smoking ribs what is the 3-2-1 or the 3-2-2 method refer to?
Oniony coleslaw
How should I store this BBQ sauce for later use?
spanish rice ran out of liquid and is getting sticky
Can I leave uncooked rice sitting in water for an hour or longer before cooking?
What types of wine are suitable for Dijon mustard?
Why is my bread dough sticky?
Nonalcoholic Substitute for Marsala Wine
Substituting Chicken Broth in Split Pea Soup
I need melted butter
Are there any cons to heating orange and grape juice?
What can I make a baking form from?
1/4 cup of whiskey in cupcake batter substitute what type of liquid? And use the same amount?
Why are the blueberries in my blueberry muffins not melting?
Convert fresh basil leaves to a dry measurement
How to reduce the heat on a gas burner
What would adding wine (red or white?) do when cooking Vindaloo?
Is it possible to make homemade crème fraiche using clotted buttermilk?
Why does my corn flour dough feel like wet sand?
What is the diference between a quinoa burger, a quorn burger, and a soya burger?
What are properties of good whole bean coffee?
What's the point of roasting a whole chicken?
Egg muffin tin cooking
My own Grenadine
Ground Beef vs. Ground Pork
Tsukemen ramen broth/soup
Will this pan works with induction?
Is there any diminishing return on grinding spices for a "tea"?
Adding sugar and honey to sourdough culture
Sushi rice vinegar proportions
How to pick avocadoes with small seeds?
How to make cheesecake less tangy
Thickening Alfredo sauce
Why do choc chip cookies change with different temperature butter?
American cheese availability and utility
How to make Cheeze Burst Pizza same as Domino's?
Unpeeled garlic cloves in French / Belgian cooking?
Baked beans still firm after soaking and hours of cooking
Can sarsaparilla and sassafras be substituted with licorice root?
Are slightly moldy beets edible after boiling?
What is the conversion ratio from whole potatoes to potato flakes?
Does whole milk or soy milk spoil faster? Why?
Frozen bread dough that has been thawed out in the refrigerator for five days
Cooking, freezing, recooking, and refreezing chicken
How to dry out rehydrated dried mangos?
Brownie Questions
What makes Kewpie (Japanese) mayonnaise so different from Hellmann's?
Why does caffeine taste bitter when added to tea?
Why does some cookie recipes both put sugar and brown sugar? Also can we use sweetener like stevia instead of sugar in recipes?
How to bake 3 large pans of lasagna in a regular size oven
What's wrong with my iSi soda siphon, and how do I fix it?
How to mount a ham?
What is the difference between regular (vege. oil) and butter recipe cake mixes?
How can one use Thai basil stems and flowers?
Starters vs Entree
Cooking peanut butter cookies, is there any adjustment using crunchy vs. creamy?
Reverse engineer the Perfect Japanese Omelet
Baking in gas oven does not brown the top
Is it safe to cook pork chops that thawed on counter overnight?
Roasting a frozen Creole Pork Leg?
Sweet rice recipe help? Panama cook book recipe
Black Beans - Toss the soak water?
How to make sugar glass without corn syrup or cream of tartar?
How to know whether the oven's door has loosened and leaking out some energy or is as tight as it was when new?
Is there a quick, easy, mess-free way to peel an orange (or grapefruit)?
Is this yeast classed as instant yeast?
What is the meaning of the term whole grain?
Why does microwave popcorn burn?
What is the impact of high heat on wine?
Baking Turnips But are coming out burnt or soggy
Why did my sweet potato hash turn soggy when frying in a non-stick pan, and crispy in a cast iron?
What were the primary reasons for different livestock consumption habits of countries and cultures?
Flank Steak Sous Vide - Blood Spots?
dehydrating food with a vacuum chamber
How do I avoid chunks of butter in non-homogenized milk?
Making saucisson sec from salami at home
Sous Vide long cook meat prep?
Food Poisoning Prevention
smoking chicken know how
Can I substitute canola or safflower oil for vegetable oil when making granola?
Choreography of making many yorkshire puddings
How to store Soda Water or other Home Made Sodas?
Using homemade pasta instead of dried in a bake
What is the maximum internal temperature of baked goods?
Why are there holes in pasta dough when it is cold
How to infuse flavours in alcohol?
Where to place the oven thermometer in an oven?
Can I use sage tea as a herb while cooking
How long should I cook a carvery shoulder of lamb, and at what temperature?
How do I make sugar-free ice cream without a machine?
Fermenting Sauerkraut - Should I Stir?
Tips for cooked chicken to stay juicy half a day
What will happen if I leave out hardboiled eggs in water for four weeks?
How to turn Extract into syrup
Making that little butter thing you put on top of steak
Cannot find very simple Egg Scrambler
Cooked pork left out overnight
frozen chips always take longer
Why does roasting add a flavour to the peanuts?
How do I adjust cooking time for dense fruitcake in smaller pans
What is the type of cheese in "chips and cheese" UK fast-food? (with photos)
Spices and Baking
How do I preserve a tomato's freshness after it is cut?
Clarification needed on pots and pans in the dishwasher
Difference between instant cocoa and drinking chocolate
Mix parmesan cheese & garlic into sourdough bread dough before or after first rising?
Chicken curry in a slow cooker turns out watery
How to avoid burned layer on seared hamburger?
Help making Montgomery Pie layer properly
Fast caramelized taste for soup
Preserving Nerds / Pop Rocks so they activate in the mouth and not in the food
How to keep a chocolate fondue in a liquid form?
How do I practice piping icing without wasting icing and money?
How can I light charcoal faster?
Adding more bones to a finished stock?
How to keep dust and cat hair off cast iron pans?
Are vanillin/vanilla powder safe to use in savory dishes?
Do I need Malt Vinegar for pickling onions?
Dehydrating eggs
Which foods are certain to never cause food poisoning?
Should I cover food while reheating it in a microwave?
Lasagne package says cook from frozen
Wild Mustang champagne cocktail
Wok comparison for induction
Homemade double/heavy cream separates after setting in the fridge
substitution of whipping cream for water in jello
How can I get my chocolate cake to taste less like a brownie?
How long can I keep unleavened dough at room temperature?
Using parchment paper to bake whoopie pies
Malva pudding recipe containing too much bicarb and vinegar?
In ingredient lists, does "lime" mean the fruit or the chemical?
Non-dairy substitute for cheese on baked potatoes
What properties allow something to be considered "milk"?
Inexpensive vacuum sealer not pulling out air
When you try to "catch" yeast from the air: is it normal for the flour and water to split
How can I prevent strawberries from discolouring cream?
How to store cut fruits & vegetables for days?
Expiry date of custard powder?
Pyrex Percolator on stove?
Why remove the skin and seeds of a tomato?
Should I season my sushi rice before or after cooking?
Easiest way to peel pomelos?
Why is my quiche weeping?
Adding lime juice to green curry paste and heating
What are 'boiling potatoes'?
How to make a stable culinary Parmesan foam
Is it bad to eat cheese after its expiry date?
What can I use to replace beet sugar syrup for cookies?
Minimalist Burger Patties
How to clean fresh champignons?
How do I prepare fresh clams for clam chowder?
Is it not possible to can some species of fish without adding oil?
What can I do to prevent big holes in the bottom of bread loaves?
How can I vacuum seal acidic ingredients with meat or poultry for freezing?
Teryaki sauce becomes viscous after boiled
Will Cinnamon ever dissolve in a cocktail?
Does injera require a starter?
Why is there so much crema on my espresso?
Medium sauces versus Mild!
Does preferment add sourness to taste of bread?
Cheese Extract - How to Use it?
Will MSG improve taste of a food for someone who dislikes the food itself or will it make it worse?
Distribution of heat using a silicone oven tray
Why does store-bought peanut butter in a jar have so much more oil than fresh ground?
Why boil adzuki beans for anko twice?
can someone tell me what exactly is msg used for?
Chicken stock in slow cooker - danger zone?
Do Asian groceries carry vital wheat gluten?
Why add vanilla extract after removal from the heat, and what about fake vanilla extract?
Alternative to low calorie spray for frying sausages?
How to keep saute pan hot without it burning for searing fresh greenbeans or zucchini
Choc pudding, cook & serve hasn't thickened
How much does one cup of fresh spinach weigh?
Substituting Lard for Soy Shortening
Can I candy pomegranate?
when do I tenderize my steak?
What exactly is essence?
Why does a cake recipe call for 2 tbsp of hot water?
How to compensate for the unavailability of Italian basil in authentic Italian pasta sauce?
When is it OK to crowd the pan?
How to make good looking cake pops?
Why does lemon juice thicken condensed milk?
Can I slow cook a 3.25 beef roast for 4 hours on high, refridgerate in the crock pot overnight and then cook on low again in the morning for 4 hours?
What does "natural" actually mean?
Why "Yeast Extract"
What are the advantages of vanilla sugar?
How to properly clean a bundt mold without ruining the surface
Can Kale be hot like horseradish?
How do I finely process/puree a large amount of chillies?
Do quality adjectives have a standard?
Why did my steak marinade not make a difference?
How many ounces is a British "tin" of tomatoes?
Homemade liquid sweetener from Stevia
Why don't most non-East Asian varieties of rice stick together?
Which vegetables we should not store in the fridge and why?
Can the duration of the whistle determine if food inside a pressure cooker is cooked
How does rub or marinade actually seep into meat?
Making chocolate covered strawberries without parchment paper
Homemade nori -> aonori?
Using frozen/cooked frozen blood in black pudding
Can I accelerate the prep time for small tapioca pearls?
Roast beef in slow cooker for 7 hours on low then on high for another hour?
Cooking time adjustment for large quantities of stew
Cooking Large Quantity of Chicken Legs
Can you help me identify these cookies?
What causes gnocchi to pop violently when fried?
Mochi: pounded vs. from rice flour
Air bubble on surface of chocolate
Will peeling and slicing potatoes prevent them from sprouting further?
What is "Less Sodium Soy Sauce"?
How to store a double iced cake
Help finding information on Marble coated woks
Substituting parchment for foil in slow cooker
What will the best ratio for cream : madagascar vanilla bean?
Spolied Meat Test?
Why do sun-dried tomatoes taste different than fresh tomatoes?
Using Unused Pickling Juice
enriching thai curry with milk?
Is there a substitute for tamari and soy as I have a soya allergy?
How to maintain a smooth seasoning on carbon steel skillets?
What teas with natural caffeine can be used for lemon tea?
Tomato bisque soup too sweet
Waxed or unwaxed lemons?
Does glass bottled orange juice taste bad because of leached metals?
What's wrong with my oven?
Turning home made chicken stock into broth
What is the purpose of using ice cubes in smoothies over frozen fruit?
How to get uniform bubbles in simple dutch oven bread?
How to make baking soda
What does an American recipe mean by “1 tablespoon vanilla”?
Vegemite beyond expiry date?
Are bunya-bunya nuts safe to eat if the shells are moldy?
Why is glucose not used in many cake recipes?
To lid or not to lid?
Storing lamb shanks
Doubling a red velvet cake recipe
Pasteles are too salty
Does cooking a meat that's about to expire lengthen how long it's "good" for?
Attempting to make Coconut Pringles - dough too crumbly
Why does asparagus microwave so fast?
Slow roasting potatoes
How should I interpret this expiry date?
Can I flavor powdered sugar with vanilla beans or citrus zest?
Lightly defrost chicken in microwave to separate them
Mung beans take 10+ days to sprout
Transporting confections
How do you make Hull Hotcakes?
What is the best way to find a reliable pepper mill?
How can i achieve the same texture as Soft baked Pepperidge Farm cookies?
Are California veggies bigger?
Caffeine pills don't dissolve in hot tea
Substitute for Onion Powder
Making noodles in a wok
Why is the rice in my mushroom risotto always very hard?
Can I make risotto without wine?
Spicy foods and weight loss
I want to make a mug cake, can I use hot chocolate mix instead of cocoa?
What is 'Musk' as used in this recipe
Can I refreeze gravlax made from previously frozen salmon
Can I use sona masoori rice for making dosa?
Keep macaroni cheese creamy after refrigerating
A cup of cilantro?
How much is a sleeve of celery?
Modernist / molecular cuisine with a microwave?
Can spaghetti noodles replace lo mein noodles?
What does a meat thermometer display if the meat temperature is uneven?
Golden Syrup best before date
Substitute for baking parchment
egg yolks and egg whites
What can I use as a replacement for cumin?
What previously manual techniques should I use a stand mixer for?
What does the egg white do in peppermint creams?
Can I substitute almond milk for heavy cream in chocolate glaze?
Rice flour: weight to volume
Can I make fermented lemon soda using yogurt cultures?
Slow Cooker makes a mess
How to make creamier and softer vegan coconut ice-cream?
Shelf life and preservation of Bánh chưng
The persimmon jam makes my tongue dry
Can I use a Dutch oven for cooking sauces?
Can whole milk be used to make fresh cheeses like marscapone?
If I can't find baking soda or baking powder, what should I do?
Pie Crust -- Cutting to mix
Is apple to be grated a wet or dry ingredient?
Why does my asparagus turn out too chewy?
When should I add cocoa powder to instant coffee?
Do I cover a fermenting a bread starter
Make Ahead Quesadillas
Bread dough doesn't keep its shape
Hand made pasta with wholemeal flour
Grey mushroom cream sauce - why so dark?
Packed meat unrefrigerated storage
How do I carve a 2D Betty Boop cake?
Chalky smell in bread dough?
How should I make jam out of coffee cherries or coffee cherry husks?
How do I cook sticky rice/glutinous rice in my rice cooker?
term for the fact that's easier to mix 2 things if the amount are different
What can I do to make my Cheese & Onion Pie freeze well?
Is a jug of milk left out for 12 hours at room temperature safe to drink?
Benefits of boiling meatballs before frying them
substitute for shiso leaf in umeboshi makizushi
Why did my pork center cut loin turn out tender but tasteless?
Is this chicken safe? silkie chicken edition
Getting seasoning into a roast
is it okay to wash vegetables by soaking/submerging?
How do I find a recipe for the New Years Treat of Kozenach?
What went wrong with my cookie dough?
Cooking eggs on cast iron
How can bitterness from dried mushrooms be avoided?
Does using dark corn syrup instead of light affect the white color I usually get making fondant?
Does anyone know of a source of goat parmesan in the New York Area or a farm in New York that produces it?
How do you fry chicken, so that oil doesn't explode on your shirt?
Is spicy chicken by default buffalo chicken?
Breadcrumbs or flour when greasing and dusting a cake form?
Espresso machine has to warm up halfway through pulling a shot
can you cool manicotti noodles off completly before stuffing
What is the difference between chocolate flavor cocoa powder and drinking chocolate?
Is candle wax and cheese wax the same thing?
Chocolate fondant vs. liquid chocolate cake
What is the US equivalent of "Joint of Sirloin"?
Is there a way to forestall vanilla bean marrow falling to bottom of crème?
Does method of coagulation matter when extracting ricotta from whey?
whats the best way to bottle home made condiments and spice rubs?
what to use in place of marjoram in vegetable soup
What can I use instead of butter for Jamie Oliver's steak recipe?
Why doesn't deep frying 'wet' the food?
Stir fry - garlic burns if I put it in first, what am I doing wrong?
Why is expired frozen chicken safe to eat?
Sour tasting bamboo
Worried about dangers of rotten food (including smell)
Why is my dough not very stretchy?
What temperature should "simmer" be for candying fruit?
Is it really necessary to wipe the powder off of dried kombu?
Why does Weikfeild cocoa powder does not taste bitter?
Fajitas: Marinade Vegetables With Chicken
home made cough sweets didn't set properly
Why did my storebought spaghetti sauce bubble out of the jar?
Making Pumpkin Preserve
Tartine + Sourdough Taste
Pork Tenderloin Safe to eat?
Are arborvitae branches safe to use as a seasoning?
Cinnamon Rolls for a dessert crust
Is there a difference between poached and steamed chicken?
What is the best frying pan for even heating, using a large pan on a much smaller burner?
What is a mealy tomato, and how would one use one?
Are there accurate meat scales which interface easily with a computer?
How long can I leave a vegan chili simmering without components breaking down?
Peanut Butter substitute in baking
Help! Chicken and Wild rice soup needs some extra flavor
Bitter Cucumbers
Why throw away so much sourdough starter? Tartine Book no. 3
Can you make sourdough starter without throwing any away?
Is there a name for the mushy sludge that forms around/beneath meat as it cooks?
Vegetarian gluten free savouries
Can dried shrimp be used as a substitute for shrimp paste in a recipe for thai curry paste?
How long does yeast live after baking?
How can I achieve large bubbles in my bread?
Questions about making hard kefir cheese
Can you cook a 25 lb turkey in an oven that is 9 inches from the bottom rack to the heating elements?
Substitution for fresh corn
Canned tomatoes for fresh
What can I substitute for tomato juice?
What's the difference between fresh and frozen blueberries for baking?
Flavour in different cuts
Why would I buy a rice cooker?
Is Bami Goreng the same as the dish labelled as 'Singapore Noodles' in the United Kingdom
Can you make jerky from stewing chickens?
Is it safe to not wash mushrooms?
Can seasoning be eaten without being cooked?
How do I clean deep burns in my oven?
How to bake large batches of bread
Is this coconut spoiled?
What exactly is 'osobaya sayanskaya' in House of Cards S03E03?
Microwave rice cooker vs low-end electric rice cookers
Bear in a crock pot
Can I successfully freeze raw cabbage?
How safe is it to leave soup food out?
Can I put chicken marinade on chicken after it was almost cooked?
Thicker gelatin layer at the bottom of the dish
How do you apply colored sugar just to the raised image on a cookie
How do you quickly prepare tomatoes for pizza?
Sous Vide Interrupted
How to tint powdered sugar (icing sugar)?
Why Does a Lot of Pastry Have an Orange Flavor?
How to prevent brillant pink raw bread dough from cooking up to yellow?
Soaking fruit in alcohol
Best Way To Remove Fajita Contents From Marinade
Lemon juice sprayer/container
Cake flour or all-purpose for shortbread?
Why do patterns appear on tempered chocolate?
Rolling boil has barely any steam?
General Principles of making risotto
Extremely tender beef at hospital
Which average weight % of the banana is edible? i.e. Which % of the banana is not peel?
Cooking lemon juice into stew
How to Bake Cookies Without a Convection Oven?
*Cannot* get that "Oven Spring"
Using a Power Pressure Cooker XL for high altitude canning above 6000 ft sea level
Lacto Fermented Vegetables - Off Flavors
How can i optimize the use of my convection oven?
Can i freeze dough without killing the yeast?
Mason jar stuck inside another
Is salt related to smell?
How to make a dessert with dynamically opening flower petals?
How long will soaked chia seeds last?
Making a better caramel for granola bar
Liquid glucose in marshmallows
Cooking pasta in a Pressure Cooker
Cheesecake in or next to waterbath
What is a flan pan called?
Adjusting cooking time and temperature when making smaller portions
Pot sticking to induction cooktop?
What causes the crown of the bread to crack during baking?
How do I fix my dough after I did not activate the yeast properly?
My gelatin didn't gel
Can you thicken a pudding just by reducing?
What is: Yellow Flour?
Does 100% rye sourdough bread always have a sticky crumb? How do I make it stick to the knife less?
How to make Barley bread?
Can rosehip tisane be used as a substitute for red wine in cooking?
What determines the variety of paprika to use in recipes?
Curing with smoked salt
Can I make baked veal more soft?
Is it a good idea to cook stew in the oven in a stainless steel pot?
Is there any substitute for vital wheat gluten?
Do extracts add sweetness or just the flavor?
How does a pinch of salt make a difference to a recipe?
bacteria forming in reheating of baked potatoes
When I boil rice, they lump together after a while. How to prevent this?
Why does tomato not dissolve when I make curry
Definition of a "half glass?"
Shelf Stable "Ganache"
What is milk product in cocoa butter?
How do I recognize if a dish cannot be cooked in a gas oven?
New Oven in the US, Which would home cooks prefer?
Why does adding salt to microwaved broth make it foamy?
What causes egg-covered puffed rice cakes to become soft when pan fried (and how to control it)?
Is it advisable to use the Extra Virgin Olive oil for Indian cooking, and baking?
Why does my chicken go dry when I boil it?
Coconut Shrimp-fry ahead for dinner party?
What does "until fork tender and the juices run clear" mean and how do I tell?
Freezing of Meat
Butter clarifying mixing mistake
What is crusty loaf bread?
Are bubbling preserved lemons a sign of spoilage?
What's the most effective way to mix a jar of natural peanut butter?
Flank steak came out chewy this time. What's to blame?
How does the order of mixing ingredients affect the resulting cake?
Why does cooked fruit seem to retain more heat than the other foods in the recipe?
How do I make dosas smooth and shiny?
Does lime juice make jalapeños less spicy?
Why do hand held can openers stop working so quickly?
Forgot to put brown and white sugar in cookie dough
Best heat source for fondue? Will an induction cooktop work?
what is the best method to coat biscuits in chocolate
Trimming ends off snow peas
Non-glass baking containers for both microwave and oven use
Is it a known technique to serve hot crispy-crust sandwiches on edge?
Hot vs Cold Chinese culinary standards
Maximum cooking time for beef joint in slow cooker?
Where to get fresh rose petals( rosa demascena) that are organic and/or pesticide free
What does "de-bearding" mussels mean?
Can I make Irish Brown Bread using a covered loaf pan?
Do induction cookers increase risk of cracking cast iron?
Does "1 lime leaf" mean a pair of leaves, or half a pair?
When is it best to do stretch and fold versus mechanical kneading?
Why do fry cooks use water to cook burgers?
New to cooking - how long to cook chicken breast pieces in a wok?
Maintaining Sourdough Starter - Are potato flakes/water necessary?
How do I make sure spice mixes don't make my curry grainy?
Can you make bread with the yeast in beer?
Making a 2 ramekin recipe into an 8 ramekin recipe: Do I change the cooking time?
Slowing motor and electric smoke coming from Magic Bullet blender?
The difference between suet and tallow?
Adjusting baking powder to work with almond milk
Baking bread in smaller pans bake time question
Maintaining Sourdough Starter
How to best keep a bunch of coriander fresh?
Can a blood orange be half bloody?
meatballs refrozen, safe to eat
What is this black stuff coming off my George Forman grill?
roasting potatoes at low temperature
Braised short ribs differ in texture when on stove top vs in oven
What is hunter's chicken
active dry yeast and rapid rise yeast
Ceramic crock pot - No cracks, but looks like coating is spotted. Can I fix it?
Can you substitute honey for sugar in a pickling brine?
Ingredient Identification: Hong Kong restaurant spicy spice
Excess flour in banneton after proofing
oven cleaning help and tips
Macarons...Why not color the syrup?
How is King Arthur bread flour made?
Yolks flat and breaking
Pasta Salad+Chicken freezer storage for a week?
How to tenderize large squid?
Advantages of metal vs glass stockpot lids
Why do some quinoa seeds sink and some float?
Can arabic gum substitute for fat in making ice cream from homogenized 3% fat (low fat) milk
Using fresh compressed cake yeast in bread machine
Chicken Noodle Soup
How long should I sear meat after thawing from frozen state?
Bitter bell peppers
Is it okay to eat silver
Refrigerated Beef Brisket
How do I tell if a rutabaga is fresh?
Would a tagine be better for high altitude braising?
Why aren't my potatoes cooked?
Does incorporating whipping cream in a chocolate syrup extend its shelf life?
Can I cook duck breast a day before?
Is cooking a raw steak in the microwave safe?
Why is my sassafrass root bark tea always so bitter?
Does one really need to add sodium bicarbonate if one already uses baking powder?
cake burns on bottom
White wine vinegar in sweet and sour sauce
How do I dissolve chunky powder completely in milk?
Placing a ceramic bowl over stainless steel saucepan
How to make Fresh Asian Noodle?
My small chuck roast was dry
How long do peanut butter sandwiches last at room temperature?
Why is ground beef red on the bottom also?
Can pasteurized milk turn into yogurt by itself?
Boiling Water For Pasta - With Lid On....Do I Have To Wash The Lid?
Is pasteurized milk safe to drink?
What can i use as a corn syrup substitute in icing?
I'm using steel cut oats flour to make bread and muffins but the insides are mushy and wet
How do I quickly get okra to stop being goopy?
First slicing, then cooking, or the other way around?
Frozen Corned Beef left out to thaw,
Mackerel brining time before smoking
Can I boil bratwurst in beer to cook them?
Will it wreck the dish if I pre-soak beef in brine, and then slow roast with Marsala?
Tea infused with caffeine
Bread and using a proofer
Corned Beef Brisket left out
Cleaning burnt-on grease with ammonia
What is the emulsification power of 1 egg yolk?
How to decide how much to dilute extremely hot chillis
How do I clean up my utensils after cutting extremely hot chillis?
Is it still possible to make cast iron skillets as good as the old ones?
Turkish delight sauce or syrup
Can I cook chicken in the over after leaving them sitting in the oven all night?
In order to mix the cocoa powder in water/milk, is it a good idea to put the cocoa powder in the milk while heating it?
Lighter chocolate cake
old electric Farberware wok
Does anyone know how to make a Sous Vide style cooking vessel?
How can I make my tea stronger?
Inside of the cookies turn up soft, almost uncooked?
Can you separate out the Gliadin from Gluten?
Barbecue sauce with onion
gel substance to keep food moist?
Can I use diluted lemon juice in place of rice wine vinegar
How can I tell the difference between instant yeast and active dry yeast?
Can I get a haze off of ceramic cooking pans
How do I cook these two items in the oven at the same time?
Live Tomato Zucchini Lasagna - what does live mean?
What can I do with some whipped cream and egg yolk mix?
Chemically, what happens when you temper an egg?
Idiomatic combinations of peanut butter, jelly, and bread
How do I avoid botulism formation when vacuum sealing and freezing raw chopped vegetables?
How do I clean a pot after boiling eggs?
Temperature to disable enzymes in soy beans
What to do with a failed cake?
Buying whetstones
the sugar content of raw corn on the vs cooked corn on the cob
Will spoiled food always make you sick?
Mold is growing on my cheese, what is common practice?
Lobster Death! Freezer vs. Alcohol
Do I roll sushi with or without gloves?
Cake help urgent!
Why is my cheesesteak meat tough?
Is safe to eat jerky with white mold?
Are any kind of wood-chips good enough for smoking?
When braising, how deep should I fill a single pot?
Fresh Herb Storage
Food safety issues related to eating raw frozen vegetables
How to avoid elephant skin on no-knead bread?
Pan size affecting evaporation time
Rolled marzipan as cake filling?
Meat curing vs fermenting
Lime substitute for nixtamalizing corn
Garlic turned to black powder?
How to remove residual flavours from, e.g., a coffee press
How can I make caramel that will hold its shape, without using refined sugar?
Is there any way to make whey powder at home?
Is it possible to join two thin steaks together on the grill?
Recommendations for making ice cream with milk and corn starch (corn flour)
Chicken bone broth, what is the brown stuff at the bottom of the pot?
Is Italian style gelato achievable with standard home ice cream makers and home freezers?
How to crack several types of nuts in one batch?
gluten free gnocchi tasting too much like potato
What can I do with the meat and fat trimmed from the top of lamb ribs?
Cooked Cottage Pie, refrigerated. How to reheat
How long can i cook a bone in Pork Shoulder?
Can I turn a can of red kidney beans into red bean paste for Japanese Style Red Bean Paste Buns?
Au poivre without green pepper, is it good?
Is it possible to heatproof (insulate) stainless steel pot handles?
How do you remove strong garlic odor from enclosed space (garage)?
Are these eggs rotten?
Caulk gun-like dispenser for whipped cream
Homemade Teriyaki Sauce
Bread doesn't split at the score
What causes pasta dough to be holey after running through a machine multiple times?
Why does adding commercial processed cheese to fondue change its consistency?
Can I bake in a convection microwave?
Defrosting meat/fish in warm water
Bunn starts brewing coffee long after it's done
Easy way to steam vegetables in opened steam-in-bag kind
Can I use baking powder to replace cream of tartar
Grape Juice left out overnight, now has fizz
What parameter is best to increase - time or temperature?
Need help choosing burner for wok
Am I able to put uncooked chicken back in my fridge for a day?
Forgot to Turn on Crock Pot
How to make double cream 48% for tart filling (not for whipping)?
How to extend holding time for poached eggs?
Can you make thin crispy dosa without urad dal?? Can I use any other lentils in their place?
What's the role of milk or yogurt in sponge cake?
How to offset sweetness in a sauce?
Purchased ham didn't get into the fridge when we got home
Coffee flavored melted chocolate for drizzling over cookies?
Loose-leaf tea: specifics of re-steeping multiple times?
Can I substitute low fat greek yogurt for light sour cream in a high speed blender?
Why does my food taste like propane when i grill?
Is there any way to make crepes without a proper non-stick pan?
Why won't my ground beef thaw?
What soy sauce is Tamari closest to?
3 types of fish, 3 temperature/time per package
Standing Rib Roast
Transporting partially finished ravioli
Meyer curd without added sugar?
Can apple cider vinegar be substitute when coloring eggs?
How to convert cook time and temp from 9" round cake pans to standard cupcakes?
Filling tart with beans/rice for baking
Baking focaccia
Why cover a pepper after blackening?
How do I modify cooking methods for a markedly smaller roast than most recipes state?
What can I use to replace onions on sauces?
Is it safe to eat baby-potatoes?
One base cake mix and then make several flavors
Why do my pre-cooked hams always take way longer than they should?
How do I cook frozen Goya Empanadas in the microwave?
How is one meant to treat fenugreek seeds?
When did the US start refrigerating eggs on a regular basis?
Does salt do anything more for baked products than just add flavor?
Onion has yellow center. Is it safe to eat?
I've seasoned and floured more chicken than I need to fry. What's the best way to store it for cooking at a later date?
How can I tell the difference between a rabbit and a cat?
Is there a significant difference between pizza ovens and conventional ovens with pizza functionality?
Is my chicken ruined?
Dry brining burger patties with onions
Can I subtitute water for milk in crêpes?
Jam "separates" in processing
Coconut sugar flavor
How do I keep a hot meal fresh for several hours?
Substituting quinoa flour for wheat flour in egg pasta
What is a clove of garlic?
When should I add proofed yeast to a bread machine?
What is a device used to slice tomatoes with in one motion called?
What kinds of beans are there and how to recognize them?
how to season a frozen steak
Is it advisable to freeze tomatoes?
Is it important to knead biga/poolish?
Can you substitute Asian red chili paste (e.g. Thai Kitchen's Roasted Red Chili Paste) for Sambal Oelek?
Binding properties of turmeric
How to balance the bitterness of Habanero peppers?
vanilla sugar substitution
Do they count calories in fried chicken accurately?
Wine substitutions for homemade salami
Freezing Buttercream Flowers for later use?
What is the additive they put in apple juice to change it from cloudy to clear?
Does the material of the container affect the flavor of the prepared tea? If yes, what material should be preferred to get the best results?
Bread has tough, crunchy crust but is underbaked in the middle - how to fix?
Which cookware material should be used to retain the heat of the prepared tea?
Is there any way to make an egg pancake without sugar or white flour?
Mysterious bitter taste from tropical fruits and coconut
How to deseed a guava?
Keeping noodles from absorbing all the soup
Could malt used in bread show up as dark brown "grains" in the finished loaf?
Can microwave with convection replace an actual oven?
During flambé, what is the powder that is shaken into the fire to create sparks?
Replicating commercial gluten-free/non-gebrokts matzo -- where to start?
Shortening to Swiss Buttercream
differences in caper berry seeds
Sausage discolouration - is it safe to eat?
How much is a "round" of butter? This is in an old pound cake recipe
Why would parsnips make a beef stock not freeze?
How to heat up already baked french bread in oven to get a crispy crust
chocolate substitutions in baking brownies from scratch
Will chopping hard destroy my new knives?
royal icing and candy atop buttercream
Help identifying Turkish dessert
After refrigerating cookie dough overnight, should i leave my dough at room temperature or go straight to the oven?
What's wrong with keeping frozen vegetables in refrigerator?
can maple syrup be refrigerated after it was out for a few days?
What is my pizza cutter's handle made from, and how do I stop it from staining everything it touches?
Is there a drink that's analogous to coffee but made with cocoa beans?
Can I still use the Pork juice dripings after I strain out the pieces of fat storaged in a roaster overnight at room temp?
Substituting cayenne for red pepper flakes
What's this discoloration in my saucepan?
Does sugar inhibit mold growth?
Butter cream icing substitutions for covering the cake with fondant
how long does a cake with avocado frosting last in the fridge?
Electric smoker and a charcoal smoker
Raised brown spots on garlic
Can I cook a slow cooker recipe on high instead of low, but for shorter time?
Is it okay to use stainless steel in oven?
How to make sure teapot is safe after being on fire without water
How can I estimate the time required to bring a piece of meat to a certain temperature?
Can I swap sabji Masala for Tandoori Masala in this recipe?
Are there food products that are meant to have an aftertaste?
Sea Salt and Mercury
Is polyamide food safe?
Roast Cooked all night
What should I substitute for dried anchovies and kelp in a stock
How should I choose my next step as a cook?
My chicken breasts release a lot of fluid when cooked. How do I prevent this?
How long can food last if reheated periodically?
How to dry a fish for grill
How to make fluffy(not crunchy) quinoa?
How long will a vinegar based marinade keep in fridge?
How can I get more lime flavor into my key lime cake recipe?
If you 'caramelize' an onion, does an onion contain sugar?
How to unsalt roasted salted peanuts?
Graham cracker crust too salty for cheesecake
Green gooey stuff when removing head from raw shrimp
Is it possible to make souffles that rise without beating egg whites?
Is it possible to make guacamole without acid?
What is the white sauce of Domino's pasta made of?
Is it okay to put a hot pan on a granite counter?
Substitute peanut butter for cookie butter?
What qualifies as butterscotch
Problems cooking Wagyu brisket
Baked tortilla chips: how to make them quicker and more consistent?
Cleaning a moldy Ninja Blender so it is again safe for use?
Can you substitute blood for the eggs in an ice cream base?
Melting Temperature of Mozzarella Cheese?
Can barley flour be used as a substitute for barley malt extract?
How to roast peanuts on the gas stove without getting the brown spots?
Can cheap vodka be used for cooking (with good results)?
What kind of cabbage to use in cabbage poriyal (Indian stir-fry)?
What is the name of the sauce served with fried rice in Indian restaurants
How to cook the food such that no acrylamide is formed?
Seasoning, freezing, thawing and then deep frying chicken
Are large veins in a rhubarb leaf safe to eat?
Food Identification: Restaurant outside Batu Caves in Malaysia, what did we eat?
Can I slow cook in short intervals?
What is Balkan bread?
Reusing marinade
Safety of adding dried hot pepper to opened jar of pickles
My cocoa powder is not dark. Is it still dutch processed?
Cooking rhubarb with soda
Hot espresso poured into a cold cup - is that dangerous?
Turn Passata Into Tomato Paste?
Should I boil canned sweetened condensed milk before using like I do for different types of canned food?
Are my pickled peppers safe to eat?
Collecting & using cooking profiles on foods like coffee roasters do
creaming butter vs adding to flour in cakes
NY Steak vs NY Strip Steak
Why does Black Gram Batter turn fluffy only when stone ground?
Cooking vegetables with butter and water
What do eggs do in enriching and glazing
What's the best way to execute a pulled pork dish?
Is it safe to drink the water that basil seeds are soaked in?
Countering the oven spring, on purpose
Can I substitute red onion for green onion
Chocolate and oil how to store this
Will Simmering Help/Harm Pumpkin soup?
Cast Iron - Enamelled - Season or not?
Is it safe to use olive oil that has gone cloudy?
How to calculate optimal temperature to extract specific compounds from herbal teas?
Freezing cooked chicken from the deli?
Can I leave cauliflower florets in batter overnight for making Gobi Manchurian?
Chocolate and oil mixed
I followed the instructions, but my food still stuck to the wok
How to infuse coconut flavor into nuts?
What herbs and spices are used in Kentucky Fried Chicken?
What is English Afternoon tea?
White wine v cider vinegar
Everyday drink that won't destroy my teeth/shoot up my sugar
How can I make omelettes look better?
specific temperature vs "medium heat" on an induction cooker?
Clean fridge shelves which can't be removed?
What's the best way to reheat frozen boiled potatoes?
Hot peppers in soup don't stay spicy
can chicken be thawed in the sun
How to convert a specific cake recipe I have to make brownies?
Butter vs oil in Banana bread and Zucchini bread
Cakes cooked in same tin but come out different sizes
Adding 'netvet; to sausages
Seasoning Mineral B Pan
Custard Pudding tasting like raw eggs
Which meat tastes different by gender?
Pork sausage - difference in food guidelines
Why did my ice cream turn out like this?
Cooking old beets
Adding parsley at the beginning of making chicken stock
Where can I buy a larger than usual 13x4x4 pull man pan?
What kind of soup is this lady most likely making?
What are the tradeoffs between spiral and C-shaped dough hooks?
Roasting marshmallows on indoors
Do I always have to peel garlic?
Make a chocolate Cake
How to fry tortillas for poori?
Pulled Pork for a large crowd
Mothballs in the pantry: is it safe to keep food there?
Pan frying store baught chicken breast with added glaze/broth solution
A strange problem with BWT Initium 2.5 l filter's scale
Sous vide octopus for maximum tenderness
Unroasted beans for Arab coffee?
How to Make many pizzas for large party?
How can I add flavorings and colorings to white chocolate?
How long can raw fish be kept if it has been thawed in the refrigerator?
How do I prevent my tempura chicken from getting soggy with time?
Will freezing a bottle of vermouth change it's quality, life length or properties?
What's the term for cutting part way through a vegetable or fruit to increase surface area?
Sourdough starter began acting strange after storing in fridge
How long should I cook a 10lb chuck roast on low in the crock pot?
Cooking multiple dishes at once in the oven
Is it safe to use unwashed barbeque grill utensils?
how to store a chicken sandwich overnight for lunch the next day
why does toast smell and taste different than bread?
5 Day marinated chicken breast
Will adding yogurt whey to homemade mayonnaise make it keep longer?
What everyday ingredient will emulsify rapeseed oil?
frozen ground beef
Why would mussels be gritty?
Was my coffee actually supposed to be gritty?
Premium Young Chicken packed in broth
Recipe calls for Aleppo Peppers, I need the right substitution amounts for cayenne and paprika
Equivalent of dried (ground) pepper when the recipe calls for crushed
Is there any good way to check for honey adulteration besides a lab test?
What's the difference between jerky and biltong
Can I freeze unbaked scones?
What could I use for this Yakisoba dish instead of cabbage?
Can I refreeze sauce made from frozen tomatoes
Chemical process behind hardening ice cream
Are the rolls at 'Ryans' or 'Golden Corral' a style of bread?
How can I flavor my ganache?
Is cooking with fruit liqueur comparable to cooking with fruit juice?
Is it okay to mix bread flour and all-purpose flour when making a pizza dough?
Why does my colander feel slimy after I use it to drain pasta?
Best way to remove seeds when making jam and still have it called jam
Adding cold water during cooking of beans and cooking time
Black flakes from new cast iron pan
What does it mean, when packaged meat depressurizes itself?
Oil temperature for flavor extraction?
Urad dal used whole in thoran/rasam - how to correctly prepare?
Can I substitute "green beans" for "string beans"?
Shelf life of marmalade
Storing rice krispie treats
How can I cook a full chicken with skin on it when my oven is broken?
How can I cook dried noodles with just hot water?
Effects of elevated storage temperature on bread quality
Why does my dough always need more water than the recipe calls for?
Are avocado seeds edible?
Will my double crust for a fresh uncooked chicken pot pie get soggy if left in refrigerator overnight?
Marinade with or with out sugar?
(How) can I store and cook leftover rice so it isn't soggy?
Wasabi (peas) brussel sprouts?
What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken?
Can I use a nonstick or stainless steel pan to bake a cake in a microwave
Diet coke chicken recipe safe when heating the artificial sweetener contained in the diet coke during the boiling process?
Which materials used for plates absorb microwaves?
Timing problem!
Using Italian Bread for French Toast?
temperature and time to cook a 9" round frozen Chicken Pot pie
Using Canned San Marzano Tomatoes Vs. Regular Canned Tomatoes
Can I add mint flavoring to ready made royal icing?
Why would this pastry cream have an eggy smell?
Why are my olives discolouring in their brine?
My commercial made chapati becomes brittle within 12hrs
How long can I freeze uncooked rice noodles for ( not dried but in sealed bag )
How to change this frosting recipe to get a thicker result?
How to increase the temperature of my double boiler?
My Yakisoba came out bitter! How can I reduce the bitterness?
Mustard substitute
Orange peel loose/baggy around orange: Is that a problem?
Is there cultural variations on what is consider offal?
Whole Wheat Breads Dough Conditioner
What is the best way to cook chicken for enchiladas?
Why does my fry-bread turn out so oily?
how to cook on a low and high oven
Food Safety of "Scavenged" Chicken Stock
Difference between fermentation and leavening?
Giant Cream Puff shells
Mung bean sprouts developed a slight purple color on day 3?
How to package fresh pasta and fresh pasta sauce
How to fix oily modeling chocolate
Dough safety and viability after overproofing
Preparing slow cooked meats for the next day
Roasting 3 Stuffed Pork Loins
"Soften" ice cream to make ice cream bars
Glass Dish Baking Temparature
Dissolving sugar in a beverage
Cooking with ground rabbit
What cuts are "stir fry beef" and "stewing beef"?
How long does unwhipped whipped topping last in the fridge
Can you dry out pickle brine to leave a seasoned salt?
Fry chicken with honey
Does Worcestershire Sauce go Bad?
Would baking chocolate with baileys/kalhua cook out the alcohol?
How to keep battered (tempura) goods from sticking to the deep frying pan?
Seasoning No-Stick Frying Pan
How do you clean and season a cast iron pot?
Why do store-bought dips have such a limited shelf life?
How to increase the perceived sweetness of homemade lemonade without sweeteners?
Can I mix multiple types of pudding powder?
Are Shrimp Sizes codified?
If a US recipe specifies 'vegetable oil' what type of oil should I use in the UK?
Quick-cooking vs. regular oats for bread
Flavour enhancers
Cooking on a Himalayan Salt Slab
How much longer do I cook the roast?
Can I cook beans without salt?
Gluten & MSG free substitute for Parmesan?
While making pepper oil with dry crushed red pepper, do I need to sterilize the jars to store for up to 6 months?
Sanitization, disinfection, sterilization of Dishwasher?
Does "boiling milk" always mean pasteurization, especially in Mongolia?
Is it possible to substitute butter with egg yolks in cookie dough?
Can I use amaranth flour or another grain flour as a substitute for white flour in tortillas?
How are jasmine and basmati rice related, how are they different?
Cooked white asparagus is stringy
Problem making homemade bounty bars
What is the shelf life of gelatin sheets?
Raspberry Infused Vodka
What are the differences between using whole wheat flour vs. all purpose flour in batter for frying?
How do I seal ice cream containers?
What causes dutch oven flavor?
I have a bottle of unopened 23 year old corked spanish white cooking wine
When do I add the chicken stock in this recipe? The author doesn't specify
How to get the pits out of clingstone peaches for peach butter
Floating rhubarb in cake
How are Oil Types Differant?
How does substituting Butter for Margarine/Shortening affect the Recipe
Eliminating STPP taste in seafood
Should I actually add nutmeg to eggnog?
Whisk eggs without an electric whisker
What other Italian cheese(s) could be substituted for parmesan in most recipes?
Ginger starting to sprout - can I still use it?
What can I use as a manual hard cheese slicer?
Does anthocyanin still exist once the purple beans have changed to green during cooking?
If not hydrogenated, how are spreads from olive oil made?
Using soft apples to make apple juice
What is the best way to infuse garlic flavor in the bland brown rice?
Why use clarified butter in a bearnaise
Chilli con carne - chocolate, cocoa powder or nothing?
Will a Sourdough starter from one locale change to yeasts of current locale over time?
Aiding the Maillard reaction: Baking Powder or Baking Soda?
Ice Cream Bar Wrapping Machine Suggestions?
Pickling Frozen Fish
Does a strong smell when cooking spinach indicate anything?
Close the lid of unsealed jar with pop-up lid
Can I keep herbs fresh by spraying them with fertilizer?
What can I add to Splenda solution to prevent spoilage?
I left a non-stick pan on the stove for an hour
Wrong consistency when making "after eight" chocolate
Can I freeze dried rice noodles after they've been rehydrated?
How do you finely grind coriander seeds?
Broad bean water went brown overnight
To make a cream cheese icing, can I use cottage cheese?
Bbq pork ribs accidentally started cooking in crock pot on warm for 2 1/2 hours before noticed
Why didn't my laminated dough rise?
How much time is required to bake?
Why does tilapia and swai fish taste like catfish?
Can basil flowers be substituted for basil leaves to make tea?
All Clad Copper Core - everything sticks, why?
Baking powder substitutes
How much citric acid to use to preserve vegetarian jelly?
Temp and time for using half the recipe of cake
What has happened to today's chicken compared to the chicken in the 1950's - 80's?
making iced tea with lowest caffeine content
Ginger allergy need substitute
image on rice paper
prepared meals and storage time in fridge before delivering them to clients
Pizza crust mix for pizza with cast iron pan?
Is this soup, stew, or something else?
Solid honey in dragon's beard candy?
Forgot to turn the crockpot on with pork in it
Unrefrigerated Mashed Bananas: Are they safe to bake with?
What are food combinations that trick your taste buds into tasting sweet?
Is the stainless steel pot pitted by salt water bad for health?
Jaw Shattering popcorn
Using cream cheese instead of cheddar in a grilled cheese sandwich
What are good counter-top oven settings to reheat french fries soggy from refrigerating overnight?
Do you need eggs for extruded pasta dough?
Is there a papaya substitute in salads?
Drying whole, small fish at home
How to get pickled mushrooms to be less sour?
Is it safe to par-boil chicken legs, (unthawed), then finish cooking them later?
Use of braiser for frying
What device should I use for pressing/fermenting
Can I use an avocado instead of a banana?
Tofu and chalkiness
How to flambe my roast meat platter
What causes congealed bacon fat to have a wrinkly surface?
How to find/substitute dry corn with shell removed for stews?
Can I Use Yellow Split Peas in Paruppu Urundai instead of Toor Dal
how long to leave the sliced onion mixed with salt/pepper for onion Bhaji/onion fritters/onion pakoras?
Baking Adjustments When Using a Countertop Oven
What is the difference in flavour between the zest of an orange vs lemon vs lime
How to bake with self raising flour?
Pork safe to eat?
Safety question for defrosting and refreezing chicken breasts
Which breeds of pigs are suitable for bacons?
garam masala powder to paste
making cream with almond milk and fat
want to know baking time for creme brulee at 225 degrees in the oven
Which rice is best for rice pudding?
How can I best dry homemade extruded pasta?
How should I prepare the coffee to be used in my tiramisu?
How long can I leave the fridge open?
Should a teabag or looseleaf tea brew at room to cold temperature water?
Why did pork tenderloin go pink in the fridge?
How does a typical electric rice cooker work?
Kitchen towel vs dough seal in a dum biryani
How to tell if my fig is ripe
Sauerkraut soaks up too much liquid while fermenting
Is there a difference between "magret of duck" and "fillet of duck"?
Does keeping a fridge/freezer full significantly help energy efficiency?
Eggs smell "fishy"
Can kefir whey be refrigerated before being used to ferment other foods?
Smoothie amount decreases
Dog biscuits - curl after baking
How to keep my oven evenly heated
Got Tara? gum, that is
Can I infuse my own raisins?
Pork loin vs pork roast?
How can I cheaply cook a bratwurst that is similar to a grilled brat with only access to an oven or stovetop?
Repeatedly softening ice cream in the microwave
Custard - How much milk can one egg set?
Making Pâté à bombe without sugar thermometer
How are maraschino cherries pitted?
What hot cereals can I cook by just adding hot water?
Gas grill flames very high cooking chicked wings and vegetables
Can I put a layer of almond paste in my tart that will not be baked?
Ideal pan temperature for frying meats (kangaroo, chicken etc.) using IR thermometer?
Cleaning Range Ventilation
How to make white aioli?
Maximum temperature for thawing meat
Can thawing meat too quickly affect its quality?
Why would gluten-free chicken meatballs involve pre-cooking 1/3 of the chicken before frying the formed meatballs?
What are the different kinds of cheese?
What device to use to chop/dice tomatoes?
Do people eat clotted cream AND butter at the same time?
How to clean an all-clad stainless steel pan
Essenial cookware/utensils to buy from scratch for sustanence in the US?
To thin chocolate candy coating, how much oil to use?
How do I make my baking powder biscuit dough stick together?
Ribs burned to a crisp following directions. What does "medium high" mean?
How to use herb extracts or essential oils in drinks
Why do the Japanese eat a lot of raw fish?
Can you mix Red Onion chutney into bread?
Problem making cakes and pancakes
Toasting bagel in my oven
Can I let food be tested for spoilage after freezer power outage?
Mandarin and orange pips
What is the difference between marinara and spaghetti sauce?
Will a pineapple marinade reduce a beef roast to paste?
Fresh or dried Garlic
button mushrooms turned red while frying in butter
Sous Vide Strip came out medium well, what did I do wrong?
Can you buy plastic food containers like "Tupperware" in specific or custom dimensions?
Substitute ratio when using butter instead of shortening
Why might packaged pineapple contain egg, soy, peanut, fish, milk, sulphites, tree nuts, sesame, crustaceans, shellfish, mustard seeds, wheat?
Dangers of leaving food in an off gas oven
Deep freezing paneer (cottage cheese)?
Should I refrigerate hot sauce?
Are there gas ovens that come with a thermometer?
Is smoking with 'barked' wood dangerous?
Why is my yeast so slow?
How long will blackberries keep in the refrigerator if they have been cooked with sugar and water added?
Are can openers like the original Swing-A-Way sold under a different name now?
How can I safely jar up my homemade salad dressing?
What is the effect of the fat content of milk when making cheese?
Fat sinking to bottom of stock
How Did I Explode A Saucepan?
How can you consistently separate Kefir into curds and whey for cheesemaking?
How long will spaghetti and meat sauce last in the refrigerator?
How can I test if a dehydrator is getting to the proper temperature?
What's the correct way to garnish with greens?
My cocoa powder won't mix with melted butter
Remedy a sourdough which used milled red winter wheat
Marinara sauce with too much oregano and tomato paste
How much does potato starch affect a cheese sauce recipe?
Can I substitute a 10 oz bag of large marshmallows for the same weight equivalent in miniature mallows?
Buttermilk / Cream Cheese glaze – food safety
Substituting white wine vinegar with red wine vinegar
Thickening Eggs with Cornstarch
Cooking down tomatoes
Put two pork roasts in a crockpot overnight and forgot to plug it in
Ribs safety after outside defrosting
How to cut peanut brittle
How to bake cake and pastries without oven?
What is the best way to cook the beef cut "nerveux gite"?
Why did my sponge cake go moldy so quickly?
How to tell if avocado has large pit?
Bread machine yeast substitute active to quick rise
Cooking Indian curry with yogurt
Making vinegar - alcohol and sugar tolerance
How to get a brown/burned texture on cornbread?
Rust in my Moka Coffee Pot
Can I learn to like wine?
What strength of brine will completely inhibit growth of lactobacillus (and friends)?
Seasoning skillet: What am I doing wrong?
How can I make sugarless chocolate brownies more moist
Is it safe to leave a broth simmering overnight on an electric stove?
Boiling rice - drain or boil off water?
How can I make curly rāmen noodles from scratch?
Does adding vegetables to your brine add any flavour?
Black tea develops cloudy dregs; how to avoid?
How to make Jell-O less sweet?
Does oak aged wine contain vanillin?
Wok patina; when to redo seasoning?
Do you have to wash frozen vegetables?
How long can rye bread last?
Traveling with Cooked Chicken
Non-coconut substitute for coconut cream
Penne Pasta in bulk
Do Liquor Based Extracts Require Sugar?
Does it matter what order ingredients are sauteed in?
What are the reasons for sauteeing with fat?
Coconut water from mature coconut
Can one get quality whipped cream by putting only 250 ml (1 cup) whipping cream into a half litre (1 pint) NO2 whipper?
Using baking powder versus self rising flours and corn meal
Accompaniment for salty soup?
What temperature should I serve salami at?
Is it safe to eat a cake with semi spoiled lemon rind?
Lamb Rotisserie - whole thing in flames
Chicken characteristics
What is a mild detergent?
water bath processing for jam
Does sugar give moisture?
I added too much corn starch into my potato cutlets - what do I do now?
Is lemon rind supposed to feel sticky when being grated?
Starch Content of Dehydrated Potatoes
Dense and gluey centered cake problem
Can a water bath be used to bake brownies?
I need a substitute for acids in my food.
Why are predominantly grapes an ingredient in wine?
how to make shiny figures for cake decoration?
When is it OK to cook a burger medium?
How can I ensure that scrambled eggs will be fully cooked?
What is your training regimen for developing your palate?
Do vegans eat honey?
The next level of spices (Indian cooking)?
What do you call people that eat fish but not meat?
Is it normal for the colour of the cooked lentils to change overnight even when they were kept in fridge?
Name of a cheese they prepare in Switzerland
Cooking protein marinated in yogurt
Fixing a beef broth with too much celery seed
Substitute For Cream of Tartar
Damage to freezer food after a power outage
How can I safely transport cooked food in warm weather?
Cooking qualities between Glass and metal pans
How to simmer bone broth safely with an overnight pause?
Why does some frozen food puff up when defrosting?
Does soy sauce expire?
How to keep Indian curry made with condensed milk from separating
Bottling cream-based salad dressing. Preservative advice?
Using Vinegar to Cut down on Spice
How can I cook with worcestershire sauce in a pan without leaving an impossible to remove char on the pan?
Sliced white American cheese
Quantities of lactose, lactic acid, and other metabolites in yogurt
Rice pilaff preparation on bbq grill
How to make a firm loaf from pancake batter mix?
Best way to preserve nutrients while dehydrating fruit and veggies
Why tandoori chicken does not dry out despite the high heat
What is the source of smoky flavor for barbecued foods?
How to replicate this bakery's bread
Culinary term for frying in water (without oil)?
Roasting Pork Butt at 215F
Baby lamb leg - possible to slow roast?
Difference between sweating and sautéeing?
Can I use an enameled trivet on the stove top?
Does type of starch used for thickening make a difference in a fruit sauce?
Eggless brownie, cake, dessert recipes
How to cleanly cover the dough while it rise?
Is wood a good alternative to charcoal for bbq fuel?
Thin crust pizza on barbecue
Can I boil a yogurt marinade if I add cornstarch?
"Acetone" smell on bread
Complete list of terms used to describe cooking methods?
Why do milk products stay fresh longer when stored in glass?
Is it safe to smoke with oak treated for oak wilt?
What is the difference between boiled vegetables and stewed vegetables?
Correct oven temperature for chicken tikka at home
Neapolitan pizza in charcoal barbecue
Pan makes knocking noises
Can I get 900F in a charcoal grill?
roasting vs microwave+roasting beets
Lamian (Hand Pulled Noodles) Technique Question
Sprouts and "better-to-cut-out-parts" in vegetables
How to save my almonds from moths
Is it possible to use Coffee Mill for other grain?
Why do my cakes taste like cinnamon?
What do these additions to common spice mixes do with your dish?
What does cleave mean with regards to a pan of batter?
What am I missing in my dishes (Indian Cuisine)
Pan stain after roasting cheese
Transporting chicken between refrigerators - how long is too long?
Can I eat Chia leaves?
What regular maintenance is best for a Japanese knife?
Is it possible to make a jam-setting gelling agent at home?
How important are each of temperature, humidity, and vibration for storing wine?
Broiling Specifics
How to extract raw honey from honeycomb?
My dishes seem the same
How to convert knife edge angle "ratios" into degrees?
how to remove cover on risen bread dough?
Submerging chicken carcass twice
Mixing condensed and evaporated milk for fudge?
Proper use of induction vessels
Initial start up of food freezer
How to shop for a food processor capable of pulverizing plant material to a fine powder?
Cake flavour options
Crockpot soup issue
Thawed frozen blueberries inside cake roll?
Best preservation of parma ham?
How to tenderize bell pepper skin / peel
How do I save my curry with too much of a raw onion smell?
What's the difference between Yorkshire Tea (red band) and Yorkshire Gold?
How to thin half and half to substitute for milk?
Baking with unhulled sesame seeds versus hulled
Does Paprika extract actually taste of Paprika?
How to reseason cast iron skillets using a fire
How soon after baking can you refrigerate freshly made fruit pies?
Why does my canned enchilada sauce smell and taste like dog food?
Lodge 12sk lid, what can I use?
Can I substitute almond meal for breadcrumbs in meatballs?
Use the same cast iron skillet or buy a new one for desserts?
Fruit Oil Extraction
What baked good involves crushed digestives, peanut butter, and marbled chocolate?
Why did my meringue deflate and go soft?
Blue garlic during pickling
Polenta instead of breadcrumbs?
Does polenta 'go off'?
Can I substitite iodized salt or sea salt instead of kosher salt to fry green tomatoes?
Olive oil "shelf" life and summer camping
How to properly store cubed carrots?
What natural emulsifier can I use for almond milk?
Could I get sick from accidentally cooking an olive can metal lid in my spaghetti sauce?
Pork Belly - served with soft fat
Supply of Boiling water without power outlet
A general rule which applies to different types of bread
How to tell if fresh chilli is off?
Do I chill mead?
What is the best way to go about developing and formulating a product?
What is GABA Rice?
Is this moldy vinegar salvageable?
Pressure cooking beans with salt and spices
Is it possible to create the flavour of a food by using the component chemicals?
How to grill polenta?
Difference between French bread and Japanese bread
Coconut rice; should it taste like coconut?
Sodium benzoate the correct amount
Reuse of Food Grade Tins
How much cream should I make for my mini Oreo cream pies?
converting a muffin recipe to a cake recipe
Can I use the leftover pickling brine?
Pulled pork too sweet
Has there been some change in the varieties of broccoli sold in US supermarkets in the last few years?
How does the Croatian system of flour categorization correspond to the systems of Western Europe and USA?
Are cooking thermometers essential?
Can instant oatmeal really expire?
What is the difference between a thickener and an emulsifier?
Pickles (cucumbers) came out a little soggy after canning
Pickling whole cucumbers
What foods are safe to leave in the car over a long period of time?
What can I use as a substitute for hoisin sauce?
Problem in cake baking tray
Using frozen mince beef
What is the history of souvlaki and is there any benefit in cooking meat on a skewer?
Using previously frozen salsa
Is it advisable to season a chicken with salt after having brined it?
Why did my chocolate eclairs fail?
How can I use a large quantity of raw almonds all at once?
Soda carbonation
Make fruit last longer in fridge?
Help in identifying Scandinavian dessert recipe
Do chefs use customer feedback to improve dishes?
How to Sous Vide Filet Mignon to Medium Rare
Pasteurized eggs in homemade mayo?
How much is in a handful of spinach?
How long should chicken wait in eggs before applying bread crumbs?
How long does tortilla dough keep for?
Can I use a china oven dish to make a sponge cake?
Maintaining pressure on Pressure Cooker
Should beef be cooked before adding to the pot for Stroganoff?
Casein content after curdling
How do I add spice after cooking gravy?
How to make the marshmallow swirl for Chocolate Marshmallow Ice cream from scratch?
Question about consistency of homemade ice cream
What to do with leftover almond peel?
Food stored in a warm freezer
Toffee that is soft?
Can the freshness of butter affect taste of cooking?
How do I smoke on a propane grill that has a separate smoker attached?
Electric Cooktop Griddle?
How do I best grill an artichoke?
What makes frozen burger patties bland?
how long does swiss meringue last?
What can I use as a substitute for Nori Wrapper on a Chocolate Dessert Sushi?
how to whip UHT cream?
How do you salvage a topped pizza that sticks to the peel?
What kind of cabbage is on my photo?
Cut Onion Safety
What is the name of a drink made with iced tea and orange juice?
The right amount of jalapeño
Can I use dry milk instead of whole milk?
licking spoon and putting back in the food
Omiting salt in baking recipes that use chemical leaveners?
Difference between butter and olive oil?
Substitute directory?
Are these grates okay to cook on?
Pineapple store bought can pops when opening, is it safe?
Difference between Fleischkäse, Mortadella, and Parizer
Can you make caramel with evaporated milk?
Is sweet-tasting raw kale normal?
What is the function of oil in baking/roasting?
Spearmint kinda Musky
Pure maple syrup wedding favors
Cooking on top of hob covers
Sour butter from freezer?
Does roasted garlic leave no aftertaste and smell
How much meat should I serve per person?
Can I safely thaw and refreeze sorbet?
Super soft fried shrimp in a light batter
How do I prevent jams from turning brown?
Making drinkable yogurt
What kind of paste do I use to form shapes to decorate a cake?
Meat juices can they be saved for recooking meat?
How to reproduce charcoal flavor in steaks and burgers from restaurants
How much white chocolate should I use in a white chocolate cake?
Can over whipped egg whites be used in other ways?
Is a (British) wedding cake just a tiered fruit cake
USDA or Food Labeling?
Three ingredient peanut butter cookies - how to improve texture
Storing simple syrup
Tempered Glass For Cookie Sheet
how to avoid crystallization of powdered sugar
Pan-frying fish filets with skin on
Sourdough starter
Inversion Canning
Can I substitute vodka for rum in tiramisu?
Are garbage cans food safe, or made of food grade plastic?
I left unopened pack of lamb burgers to thaw on the counter for 2-3 hours
Individually wrapped frozen steaks have thawed over 18 hours - are they safe?
Why does my skillet burn even when using peanut oil?
Substituting red beans for adzuki beans?
Papaya ripe or over ripe
Cooking issue with cheap plastic forks
Is what I want to make Lardo?
How do I cover up the white spots on my cast iron stove?
Wedding Cake Questions for Hot Weather
How to make crispy crepes?
How do I achieve a light and even 'dusting' of paprika?
Does cooking nopales with a copper coin actually neutralize the mucilage, and if so, why?
What physically/chemically happens to a vegetable when it is cooked?
My lasagna sauce is too tart
Can zucchini be increased in zucchini bread recipes?
Rice has water inside after being cooked
How to control temperature of a charcoal bbq
My iSi whipper suddenly has started leaking
How do I bake cakes in a gas oven without a temperature knob?
How long can melted salted caramel last?
Is there a non-alcoholic substitute for rice wine?
Shallower bowl or longer dough hook for Kitchen Aid 7qt Stand Mixer?
The three Cs - spices with chicken
Refreezing bacon
Arm Roast after 5 hours still tough
Why are all sour cream cultures I've found for sale online labeled as direct set? Why can't I reuse like I do yogurt?
Gluten free baked good coming out bitter
Turn leftover icing into buttercream icing?
Thawing haggis safely
crispy Dilly beans
Why don't most ice cream recipes include salt in the base?
Brown Coconut water safety issue?
How to clear your palate between different flavored dishes when cooking?
What to do with over cooked quince jam
Is great gluten-free extruded pasta possible?
Does temperature of water affect carbonation process
In a restaurants' kitchen in SC, is it DHEC approved to store raw meat next to ready to eat food?
Is there supposed to be a difference between General Tso's and Sesame Chicken besides the seeds?
Boiling peeled peanuts
Blending pineapples and coconuts whole, safety and experience?
What is the name for this technique to prepare eggs?
My Bunn coffeemaker has started overflowing at the funnel
Watermelon - picking and managing them during heat
How many cups is 8 whole peaches equivalent to?
Defrosting Fish without Bag
How can I cut fudge smooth and uniform?
Why did my chocolate chip banana bread split?
What is this "Egyptian Coffee"?
Malai Chicken Curry is curdling in the Pan
Could B.Subtilis ssp. mesentericus develop in proofing stage?
What are safe temperature ranges for fermenting miso paste?
How to cook spaetzle (German homemade noodles/pasta) without it ending up soggy?
How to bake low carb bread in a Zojirushi bread machine model #BBCC-x20
Why would you pinch egg whites when making sunny side up eggs?
How can I process clear avocado oil with a pleasant scent, and how can I dry it faster?
can i blend up concord grapes seed and all for a pie?
Protein in mayonnaise...none?
Lots of water coming out of chicken breasts when cooking in pan. Why?
How to prevent Italian style rice pasta from sticking to the pot?
Old stone mortar and pestle cleaning
Alternatives suggestions to apples and bananas
Fried flour tortilla from scratch cook first or just fry
Can you use cooking oil to make "African Drop Doughnuts"?
Can I use oil in marinades for dehydrated mushrooms?
Cooking more than one dish that require different temperatures
Is heated up bleach dangerous?
Is it safe to reuse water used to steam corn?
Why wooden sticks for ice cream bars?
American "Bacon Roll" - what is it?
Is Pickwick green tea deceffeinated?
Making broth more filling?
Botulisum and Food safety
Storing Unopened Mozzarella
Fruit flavour profile
freezing cooked turkey, ham and chicken slices
Anyone know of any completely flavorless syrups?
How should I substitute jalapeño peppers for fresh green cayenne peppers?
Stir-fry pan choices
How hot does popcorn need to be before it pops?
Do you cook in oven before dehydrating venison jerky to kill possible bacteria?
Can you eat alligator?
Substituting Cream without Coconut
How do we decide between gas, induction, and electric (ceramic) stoves?
Food Safe 3D printed Jello Molds
How do I keep an egg from cracking while being boiled?
What do I substitute for Greek yogurt in a pizza dough?
Apple cider vinegar and Blue Mold
How to ration salt in small quantities?
Can I still save my solid block of jam?
How to prevent fresh peaches from sinking to the bottom of a buttermilk pound cak?
Can I use cast iron on a hot plate?
How can I keep food hot for extended periods without an active heat source?
Mr. Coffee seems to know the future
Is it safe to eat the clam that didn't open?
What does Joy of Cooking mean by "canned spaghetti"?
How do I decrease the saltiness in pork meatballs?
(Is it safe?) Preparing Breakfast in Bulk
Color changes in ground beef?
Are spuntini a form of appetizers?
How much black garlic to substitute for regular garlic in a slow-cooker?
Is there a comprehensive overview of food colors?
Cezve doesn't leak with cold water in it, leaks after heating
Can crumbled feta cheese last almost a year?
How Long Is Mint-Infused Water Safe to Drink?
Food that is high in protein and is not solid for people with wisdom teeth removed?
how long can I keep thawed corned beef in my refrigerator?
Making a pocket-type french omelette without the curd sticking to the pan?
How can I be sure my food is ready for a raw egg to be dropped on top?
Substituting fresh vegetables/fruits for canned
Other things made from Banana nut bread
Why does my horchata have too much sediment?
Backyard mint too grassy
Do I need onions when making thai curry paste? or can I just add onions to the dish I'm cooking later with the paste?
How to keep cake topper from toppling over
Is "sealing in the flavor" an actual thing?
Mackerel, how to get the good stuff?
Nuts in Italian cooking
Bubbles in unopened store bought items?
slow cooking chicken thigh in a spice mix
Is it possible to prepare store bought corn tortillas so they don't fall apart?
Is there a way to tell if dry malt is diastatic or non-diastatic?
How do you defrost frozen chili peppers without them turning soggy?
Is butter required to caramelize onions?
Can I use a fresh peach in place of preserves?
my freezer popped open without my knowlege
Why did my Chiffon Cake collapse?
How do I clean a George Foreman grill?
Technology improvements of microwave ovens for thawing and reheating
Making a literal thousand-layer cake?
Sticking cake in prepared pans
Would Annatto mixed with oleoresin paprika cause an allergic reaction?
What are some flavors that have a strong early presence?
Which non-stick pan to buy?
How long can I store whipped cream for?
Bananas are radioactive...so how many exactly would you have eat to die? Is it possible to calculate?
Is eating olive pits a problem?
New bread maker asks: how to make a bread loaf stay 'firm and solid' without a loaf pan?
The pressure cooker gauge was wrong for cans of soup I processed in the past 5 weeks. What can I do with the soup?
How do I avoid splatter when frying ginger garlic paste?
How to check freshness of paneer
Butter usage in fudge
When canning strawberry preserves can you substitute lime juice for lemon juice?
How are crisp flavours made?
Where can I buy susceptor film?
Basil lookalike that tastes like aniseed.
Use of whipping cream in fudge
Why is my chocolate fudge not that dark?
Cryoconcentration, can you do it yourself?
Commercial fudge recipes
Refrigerating fudge v leaving it out
Flavour-wise, what is the use of an electric/gas BBQ?
Can I replace brown sugar with white sugar without using molasses in cookies?
Why do some sorbet recipes call for egg whites?
Vanilla Pudding: Could someone explain this recipe to me?
Should I be worried if my broth or stock has no foam to skim?
Why is it recommended to blanch onions before pickling them?
Why would different types of pots/pans (made from different metal) give a different taste to food?
Making Southern style chicken in the oven
Charles Darwin high altitude cooking of potatoes
Can I keep canned peaches in the fridge if water got in during processing?
How to avoid stiffness and crispness of toasted/oven baked bread sandwiches
What is the difference between Seed, Grain, Nut, Kernel, Pit, Bean?
Accidentally microwaved stainless steel travel coffee mug. Still safe to use?
Is it safe to use non stick cookware over a flame?
Deglaze in iron pan
How to cook for a big group
How to cook rice for 60 people
Carbon steel seasoning
Cleaning a Teflon pan with burnt rice residual
Bottling hot sauces
Michelin Three Star Restaurant; but if the chef is not there
carbon steel pans in dollar store
Sweet and sour chicken not sticky
I added more water to my ciabatta dough by accident
Sprinkled versus Rubbing Steak "Rub"
How do I know when my sauce is reduced enough?
How are puffed rice cakes flavoured?
Other ways to preserve red cabbage
How can I reduce the salt taste in a dish
How many times is it safe to reuse deep frying oil?
Is it possible to determine if fish caught from fishing is safe to make into sashimi or sushi?
Yeast dough won't go "stretchy"
How do you get a smooth surface on cakes?
My Cakes All Sink In The Center
Hot drink shaker
How to bake salmon
Storing chicken of the woods mushrooms
Pan vs oven cooking
is it okay to use shredded zucchini that smells a little sour for baking
Do defrosting plates work in reverse?
Whip cream dispenser broken
Chocolate: condensation issues
How to stop Xanthan Gum from clumping?
Why is my pizza doughy inside?
Whatever Has Happened to This Fork?
Why are foods often packaged in weird measurements?
BBQ-style baked beans without mustard?
Guacamole Sitting out?
Discolored ring in squash
What cheese to use for homemade Sicilian pizza so it does not dry in the oven?
What would be the result of using chicken livers when making liverwurst?
Is it necessary to remove the seeds of Tinda before cooking Tinda sabji?
What natural ingredient besides honey and fats can I use to bind a mixture of powders together?
How do I avoid fibrous, dry beans?
Is eating uncooked spaghetti dangerous?
Water Exploded in Microwave
Fresh popcorn serving size suggestion
Why are store bought paninis only par baked?
Beef fat for frying
How to bake bread and desserts without an oven?
What temperature to scramble eggs?
packaging an uncooked/raw hot sauce
'home mixed' wholewheat flour
Strange orange gel on surface of zucchini?
How should I pre-cook a burger to be micrwaveable?
Putting a solid chocolate bar inside cake dough: what's the outcome?
How long do vitamins last in multivitamin juice?
In Belgium or from where to buy this grill over rack, steamer rack?
Do cinnamon, mint and saffron turn bitter?
how long can you keep uncooked lentils - red and brown
Do sprats need to be gutted?
Can fruit juice be used to hold a cheesecake crust together?
Does kimchi always have live cultures?
Vegetarian replacement for pork mince in Chinese style stir fry
Does the fatty acids in olive oil convert into trans fatty acids when heated?
Bubbles in canned tomato sauce
Smoking without wood chips
Using heavy cream vs whole milk
how long can I store beet brine in fridge
Can you reconstitute garlic powder?
How can I prevent the top layer of sauces from discolouring?
Can deep frying oil be too hot?
Making super-sour sweets -- issues with stickiness
underfilled whipper canisters
Using eggs in pudding - yolks vs whole eggs
Cream or butter in a pudding
sourdough starter splits
How long should I cook a steak to make it medium rare?
Can mashed bananas be bagged and then frozen?
Ceramic pans vs PTFE pans
Why did my Chickpea water congeal?
Can I use whole eggs instead of egg yolks in a lemon bundt cake?
Moisture in Vegetable Bin
Oven temperature vs time adjustments
Can frozen peaches be made into jam or other things?
Can I put any kind of bowl into a steam/rice cooker?
Slow cooker meat recipe
Seasoning none stick teflon pans
Do egg whites thin out when salt is added, which will make them easier to mix?
Replacing dry white wine with bubbly
How to convert grilled Beer Can Burger recipe to oven baked
White threads on top of mushrooms?
Can I prepare and eat dried oyster mushrooms that are four year old?
Clam shell safety
Can I use fat-free milk in béchamel?
Pressure cooking green beens
Food identification in fajitas - yellow sauce
What is a good substitute for oyster sauce (for someone with a shellfish allergy) that is also allergic to mushrooms?
"Old wild west" secret sauce
Adding liquid to Le Creuset Casserole during cooking
Alternative for Buffalo wing sauce
Canning lids twisting
How to make Banana juice
Meat alternative for tempura?
Preserving eggnog
Why would the first few pancakes come out perfect, but only get worse from there?
Refrigerator in garage was turned off
Can I cook ribs by starting them one day and finishing the next?
Copycat Lime Jello?
Opaque green tea, what is that?
How to solve under-baked cookie centers?
Spray oil with hydrocarbon propellants on non-stick pan surfaces
Will smoked-then-fried foods impart smoke flavor to cooking oil?
Small charcoal grill - raise fire grill?
Carbonation diffuser versus shaking
Why boil and cool jam before using it in a cake?
Residue in cork
Can cashew milk go bad, and how do you tell?
What nut did I find?
"Place pan in a large pan; add 1 inch of hot water to larger pan." -- Why?
Preparing cut vegetables for the next day?
Why is my bread not mixing and cooking properly
How to Cook St-Hubert À La King Sauce?
Temperature of electric burners
Does using powdered sugar instead of granulated sugar make cookie dough drier?
help me identify the factors which make grass-fed beef tender or tough
Advantages to "burning off" grill
How can I get weak-tasting tomatoes?
Does a silicone cutting board really work well?
What does tin foil do when baking a pot pie?
How can I make my own Super Noodles/instant noodle seasoning?
How to inject carbon dioxide into hard candy, to make popping rocks?
When spicing rice, should you add the spices in the water beforehand or after the rice has cooked?
How to make tea essential oil?
Hot sauce; Remove seeds?
Pudding Control Sample measurements
Is it safe to eat raw green beans which have been in brine at room temperature?
I added yeast to a recipe calling for baking soda, what will happen?
How can I make and store multiple pizzas before a potluck?
What is a black, preserved egg called?
What effect have bay leaves in a meat/tomato sauce?
Sous-Vide shrimp, minimum time and temp for safety?
Issue starting a sourdough starter
Are my dried moong dal beans bad?
Chinese crispy beef with minced beef instead of slice steak?
Will chocolate cake be edible if I added one cup of water instead of two?
Rice for paella
Is it possible to "ripen" mushrooms after it's picked?
If uncooked rice is soaked for 2 days, is it still safe to eat (after it's cooked)?
Is it safe to boil water in a microwave?
How can I control humidity levels when curing salami?
Fresh herbs going bad
Eggs sticking to the pan
Why doesn't any of the Instant Pot recipes I find use the preset buttons (Rice, Bean/Chili, etc.)?
Hot pink spots on surface of ham steak
Kassler vs Pork Shoulder vs butt
How to tell when water reaches 100 degrees Fahrenheit without a candy thermometer for the purposes of disolving gelatin?
Why are wire beaters becoming more common in hand mixers?
Best container for making sauerkraut
How much citric acid should I use to preserve mayonnaise on a cups/ml ratio?
Why cook stewing meat low and slow?
My crumb cake topping isn't working
Can I re-process homemade applesauce canned in a boiling water canner that is too thick and pasty?
Food safety with broken glass in dried tomatoes
Moldy bread smell but no mold?
What ingredient or method causes a mixture to be a bread versus cake?
Substitute double cream for butter?
How to remove garlic smell from refrigerator/ice maker
re:salad dressing shelf storage
For salad dressings, replacing mustard with lecithin as an emulsifier?
Oven is leaking steam out the back
Do cooled-down/chilled toasted black sesame seeds taste nearly raw again?
How can I find out if yeast or yeast producing are present in foods?
Device to install on a bottle to only spill drops
Cooking potato same day you dig up
Does soaking dry beans before cooking prevent flatulence?
What is glooi in English?
Frozen chicken vs thawed chicken in the crockpot
baking time adjustment when baking large quantity of fish
Why did my ginger garlic paste have a bitter aftertaste?
Does meat marinate while it is in the freezer?
No water in the Crock pot
Does vegetable soup made with chicken stock last longer if the stock was made fresh vs from a stock cube?
How can I prevent the cocoa in my hot chocolate from solidifying over time?
How to tell if cheese is vegetarian?
How long can batter sit before chemical leaveners lose their power?
Using cultured buttermilk to introduce cultures to cheese
Precooking sweet potato fries for quick warm/serve day of party
Chicken texture: Store Rotisserie v. Pressure Cooker
Using beef jerky cuts for stir fry?
Question about new sourdough starter, specifically smell
Knife for cutting steak slices from whole ribeye?
Are stone or metal grinding wheels better for flour?
What gas output required for home stir frying?
What is the difference between Atlantic and Steelhead farmed salmon in taste and how to cook?
Spring onion (green onion/scallion) in coq au vin?
Is food contaminated with swarf due to polishing metal plates or sharpening knives safe for our body?
Can you freeze a tomato pie?
What is this white, non-fuzzy, substance on my kimchi?
Does cooking reset the expiry date of ingredients?
How to boil sushi rice for yakimeshi?
Poured boiling water over pork belly and then refrigerated
How do you reflavor nuts?
Butter storage lifetime
Should I keep oil in the refrigerator after deep frying?
Soon-to-be cultured milk with fresh fruit safe for consumption?
Can I use Bisquick instead of All Purpose Flour?
Make homemade seitan taste like commercial
Browning beef for beef stew?
Why does my apple crumble develop a bitter aftertaste?
Refreeze Sherbet
Why do they put the fruit on the bottom?
Lemon Thyme Substitute
How many times can you reuse bones to make broth?
Cooking steak in frying pan, problem with oil splatter
How can I keep samosa pastry crispy longer?
Is it possible to improve one's taste palette through practice or other methods?
What can be used instead of cheesecloth?
What gives a good bagel its crust?
Can you eat turkey eggs?
Mexican style taco cheese
Cloudy white vinegar
Should I peel my tomatoes before making a sauce?
How to store cooked Quinoa for few hours at work?
Are gourd leaves edible?
Does freezing fresh peppers, specifically habañero peppers ruin them?
What is the purpose of baking a cooked pot pie filling?
Measurement of ingredients for baking 400g of brown bread
What happens to pound cakes if I forget the flour and then add it after baking a little?
How much sugar and vanilla extract should I use in 1/2 gallon of ice cream?
Reheated half a cherry pie in the oven. Accidentally left it in said oven overnight
I made white bread yesterday, and it smelled similar to sourdough...why would this happen?
Can bitter almonds(or other nuts containing amygdalin) be made edible?
Are there any calories in roasted coffee beans? Why is black coffee 0 kcal?
Rabbit that looks and tastes like chicken?
Ratios of flour-egg-chicken? Simple breading
Why is cheese never used in Americanized Chinese food?
How do you french trim a lamb shank?
Why is there a small piece of iron sponge in my electric water boiler?
Why is the chicken in Indian food so tender?
Can avocado substitute the 'fat' in cake baking?
Is it safe to cook in a clean Teflon pot if the inside bottom has blistered and peeled from exposure to high heat?
How to adjust oil in recipe when adding peanut butter
Why does eating cauliflower with spicy food help to take away the spciy burning feeling in your mouth?
Is hot water bath canning really necessary?
How to keep chicken juices in the chicken when cooking in the oven?
Should I rest pancake batter?
Pre-frosting cake with jelly
Why did my brownie batter separate?
Does the par-boiling first then frying work for sweet potatoes as well?
In a recipe, yogurt toughens potatoes but whipping cream does not
Minimum amount of oil that should be used in deep fryer
How do I prevent crust formation when proofing pizza dough?
Flavor in avocadoes gone forever?
Sugar alternative when beating eggs and sugar together
Teflon vs. Porcelain lined cookware (stove top)
When making crockpot chili and adding raw hamburger, won't that make the chili greasy if not strained?
How long will Sake last in the fridge?
Can I use chestnut roaster clay pot to roast coffee at home?
Roasting more than 1 meat in using one oven
How can I ensure a juicy beef burger patty?
Remedy for Dry Chicken Yakhni pulao ?
Why won't my pudding thicken up?
Can I use fermented milk product as starter culture?
Why do I add stock to risotto slowly?
Why won't my butter and milk mix when trying to make cream?
How to bake ground beef
Is there any way that we can harden US store bought Cottage Cheese to make Indian Paneer?
How long and how can I hold meringue before macaronage?
Pros and cons of a brass hip flask
Which spices should be bought whole vs. ground?
Why does fish broth made with frozen fish lack flavour?
Refrigerate cooked mung bean porridge
What is the liquid that forms after chicken goes through the freeze-thaw cycle, and how can I extract it more efficiently?
How does substituting yogurt into a cake change the texture and why can it be used?
What is the "Chili sauce" ingredient in this recipe?
Storing and Transporting cooked fish
When should I use lemon zest and not just juice?
Only the core of my banana is black. Is it safe to eat?
How do you eat this type of Gingko nut?
Gluten-free alternative to commercial yeast when making gluten-free bread?
How long will saki keep?
Why do egg yolks curdle?
Should the oven temperature be the same for smaller batch?
Improve color of banana jam?
Flavor difference between marzipan and persipan
Can a failed cupcake be incorpated into a new cupcake?
How to use a pressure cooker for frozen chicken?
Freezing Egg & Cheese Omelet
Is eating cookie dough without egg safe?
Are commercial chocolate almonds coated with something that prevents melting?
Home made popsicles sticking to mold
Help with the temp on my crock pot
Substitutions for canned diced tomatoes
How to measure tomatoes for making sauce?
forgot to turn on crock pot for less than 2 hours
Tortilla de patatas: Flip and slide, or slide and flip?
What is the minimum processing time for salsas?
Fixing oily dukkah
Purpose of low-humidity crisper?
Cooking baked potatoes
Cracked Eggs & Safety
Dried Kidney beans for Chili
the yeast wont rise in my bread machine
What effect on flavor and/or cooking does rinsing grits have?
Smoking whole chicken without skin
Can kvass be made without bread?
adjust flavor from inexpensive brandy
How do I use fridge's super cooling properly?
Is it ok to include garlic when I can hot peppers?
Bread preservation
Temperature controlled work surface?
Are Santoku blades ambidextrous?
Why do dumplings float when they are ready?
Vanilla beans vs extract
Why cook onion with chicken? Is it just for taste?
Sugar and yeast proportion while making sweet bread
Does toasting and grinding whole spice really improve curry flavor?
I accidentally dropped the lid from a can of diced tomatos in my crockpot of cabbage roll soup!
"Overly sour yogurt is a sign of inconsistent inoculation" - What is inoculation?
What precautions need to be taken while using sour culture for setting yogurt?
What is the best variety of rice or preparation of rice to use in soup?
Should dry salami develop green mould?
Siphon for testing new recipes: 250ml or 500ml?
Is there a way to experience pepper's endorphins effects without the burning sensation?
Optimal stirring technique: I read that stirring liquids in a straight line is better than in a circle, but I can't find any references
Do pressure-cooked vegetables really have nothing else to give?
Chicken and Beef stored in the freezer not entirely frozen - safe?
Can I un-seal canned tomato sauce, and re-seal after further cooking?
Why boil octopus with wine cork?
Do I have to cure a fresh ham before smoking?
Effect of carbonated water on the rising of the dough?
What is an appropriate humidity for separating curds and whey?
Are my cookies cooked?
Re-baking cookies?
How do packaged cookies stay good for so long?
what is the difference between thick and liquidy cupcake batters?
Black Diamond cheddar, wedge not wheel
How can you change flavors in store-bought frosting?
Safety with vacuum packed food
When freezing jalapeños, can I leave the seeds in?
reheating improperly stored pasta sauce and meatballs
How to know when bread/cake is bad
Removing pungency from onions
What is dry cottage cheese?
Coconut milk/cream vs cow milk in recipes
Smoke coming from oven
Why aren't glass spoons used for eating?
Why do we like dessert, but not extremely salty, sour, umami, or bitter foods alone?
Baking soda for soaking chickpeas
Can I save time by baking banana bread using the convection setting of my oven?
How can I avoid an underbake in a bundt pan?
Why does freezing vegetable shortening alter its appearance?
Why are home canning jars made of glass and not metal?
How can I improve the texture of my whole grain pancakes?
"Moose mints" origin
How to get rid of raw taste of Extra Virgin Olive oil?
What is the difference between sautéing and stir frying?
Delay time in cooking brined meat
What color grapes are "Malaga grapes"?
How do you make pie with Citron watermelon (not just the rind)?
Can alcohol extraction be used to draw more of the spice flavors out in chai tea concentrate?
Is Foul Fair? (Or what is this mystery bean)
How to make my sourdough sweet?
What can I use instead of Sriracha if I only want to make a dish non-spicy, but similarly flavorful?
Does using Electric stove vs Gas stove have any difference in food taste?
How do you make sauce for a Thai dish such as Chicken Pad Khing?
Eggs smelled bad but not anymore when I put them in the ref
Cookbook on Odisha cuisine
UK versus US expiration dates on diet sodas
Iron soup kettle with rust
Is it worth putting potato skins in chicken stock?
Why would a steam rice cooker suddenly make my dad sick?
An electronic tool for mixing while the pot is on the fire
Catering event for BBQ for 30 people.
Ideal condition to make injera
What are these little balls in my sardines?
If I leave brie in my fridge for two weeks, will it still taste as good?
Does cooking vegetables increase their flavor?
What are the pros and cons of various woods used in wooden utensils?
Xanthan Gum for Cinnamon Rolls
What kind of seaweed do I need for Japanese-style seaweed salad?
What regular product can replace Philadelphia cooking creme in a chicken pie recipe?
How is basil prepared for pesto most efficiently?
Food container "not suitable for foods with a high fat or sugar content"
Old oil on cast iron Dutch oven
Why does yoghurt need to feed on milk products? Why not plain sugar?
What causes stringy winter squash?
Discolored Ground Meat
Shelf Life of Homemade Panettone
Can I use sous vide instead of pressure cooking
Vintage West Bend Slow Cooker number settings verses hi low settings
How to decorate extremely fine details
What is the foam that comes out when making clarified butter?
Making high-quality frozen-food at home?
Tennessee Honey Jack Daniels substitution
Looking for a substitute for onions
Kind of Russian pierogi
Is it possible to make good fried salmon in a stainless steel pan?
when baking vegan lemon drizzle cake, should the soya milk be sweetened or unsweetened, fresh or longlife?
When should I add meat/vegetables when cooking congee?
iSi Gourmet Whip Plus - 0.5l or 1l?
Can over proofed dough be harmful to breathe in?
Why is Tsuyu sauce for cold Soba noodles served on the side?
How deep is a deep pie dish, traditionally?
Alternative to pan frying fish fillet?
How to tell when bacon is cooked enough?
Is there standard terminology for the doneness of bacon strips?
Commercial Bakery to Provide Dough
Frying chicken wings all the way through
Can I make a hot mayonnaise?
What do I do with trout slime?
Soaking potatoes more than 24 hours
Why is my garlic brown and slightly translucent?
Where can I buy a pipe for a Weckmann in the US?
Does this type of frosting have a name?
Bread: Higher rise/coarser crumb
Why does fish stick to a pan which is not very hot?
What is the weight ratio of bone to meat in a Tomahawk Steak?
What is the difference between more expensive cocoa powder and regular one?
Why are Parathas smeared with fat/oil within layers?
How long will spaghetti last in the refrigerator when stored in a sealed container?
Can I use just flour instead of roux in my gumbo
What does it mean for a flour to be "strong" or "reinforced"?
How to fully incorporate cream cheese with pumpkin puree?
What are good tips for an oven that is too hot at the bottom?
Source for comestible cracked corn
What happens chemically when flavours 'mingle'?
Microwave-safe cups becoming less safe
Substitute for celery in soup
When does gluten start to develop in pie crust or biscuits?
What makes for good olive oil?
Why pour water over the covering plate while cooking okra?
Using unrefined sugar to make candy
Making crumpets in advance?
what is the best oil/fat to use to season a cast iron skillet
What is the difference between preserves and conserves?
How can I eliminate icicles from homemade ice cream?
How do you make the wishbone break easier?
Microwave oven equipment
Vegetable Broth/Stock from Kirkland Organic No-Salt Seasoning
Adding melted chocolate to a sponge cake batter
Mould on top and bottom of white wine vinegar
How to make white risotto
Combining melted chocolate with eggs
I have a French Coconut pie recipe that calls for 1/2 cup butter. Could I replace it with condensed milk instead?
What does it mean if human DNA is in hot dogs?
How to heat frozen stuffed pretzels other than bake them
Forgot to add spices to curry
Bacon fat producing solid white and gelatin state
Help me rescue my bland soup
Pizza dough texture and workability
Making caramel: how the ingredients effect the outcome?
How should I convert my Victoria sponge to a chocolate sponge?
Keep a frittata puffy
Cooking in painted metal pots
Alternative for Celery salt and Coconut flour
Preparing minced garlic the night before using them
Red Bean Cream puffs timing and filling
What can I do if I forgot to cream the butter and sugar in my cookie recipe?
What ingredients can you have in Hot Sauce?
Advice for cooking two pumpkin pies at once
Why does a (vodka) martini often come with an olive on a stick?
I accidentally froze a carton of Half and Half. Is it ruined?
What does non-tempered couverture chocolate taste like?
How can I adjust oven temperature correctly
Food Processor Feeder Tube Hole - What Is It Called and How Does It Work?
How to make hard candy with only fruit as a sweetener
"Cloth" that's edible (or even better, yummy)?
Do Ice Wands have an advantage over a homemade solution?
Raw roast beef on the edge of safe?
How to preserve homemade chocolates?
Manwiches made on the stove
Baking with oven without bottom heating element
Mashed potato: start with hot water or cold water?
Doubling a soup recipe with a smaller than necessary pot
Fast way to cook steel-cut oats when no microwave is available
Making a decent pie crust?
How to cook Beansprouts so that they remain crispy
Closest substitute for alder wood chips when smoking?
Pizza dough changed from usable to sticky
Oil vs butter in chocolate sponge cake cake
When I pull the trigger on my cream whipper, it won't stop, even when released
Sauerkraut/sourkraut - ratio of grams of salt to grams of raw cabbage?
Can I refrigerate bread dough after the first rise and bake it later?
Biscuits (cookies) turning out more cake-like than biscuity
Remove Cilantro Stems?
Why do we dimple a focaccia?
What's the approximate dry to cooked weight conversion ratio for beans?
Lemons and oranges coated with imazalil
What's a good substitute for amchur?
What's the closest replacement for clam juice?
How do companies find out how many calories are in their food?
fluffiness of medu vada without baking soda
what does "draft-free" mean?
Is it ever more accurate to measure by volume rather than by weight?
Should I bake cookies with the oven heated from the top or the bottom?
Are there any features of cookers that make them rodent resistant?
How can I preserve Winged Beans until my next batch matures?
Fresh Chickens- resting after freezing
Can I cook in this stainless steel balti dish?
What's a good fondue alternative that would fit in a social gathering of fondue eaters for someone who dislikes all kinds of cheese?
Kimchi versus pickles: sterilized containers?
hominy grits versus masa harina
Does it pay to store instant coffee in the freezer?
Why is there a fluid ounce?
separating almond flour from almond meal
How do I prevent dougnuts deflating when moving them into the pan?
Can I scald milk in the microwave?
Skillet Cooked Shrimp Texture
Can you make french toast without eggs and gluten?
Pizza crust too hard in home oven, how to make it softer?
Requirements for a Good Chef
What's the purpose of syrup in toffee apples?
What made my pancakes taste fizzy?
Can Parkay Spray be used in place of melted butter for baking muffins?
How do I preserve my mushroom stuffing for freezing?
What happens if bread is made with sparkling water?
Why is bacon crispy?
What fish can be used for 'minced fish' in Chinese cooking?
Is mold inside eggshells a sign they're unsafe to eat?
How do I remove aluminum foil from the bottom of my oven?
Cooking Potatoes
Why should I bake baking soda for making ramen noodles?
Is there a difference between US Worcestershire sauce and UK Worcestershire sauce?
What is the difference between sour cream & butter in baked goods?
Why do some eggs crack while being boiled?
Why is black tea sold in crumbled form?
Why should I prefer tea dust over crumbled tea leaves at home?
Why should I roll the meat in flour for a ragout
Bread bowls verus loaf of bread
Impossible to Roll Croissant Dough
Why did my tiramisù cream become grainy?
Do I need to season an old cast-aluminum pan?
What are the advantages of serving fries in a metal cone?
To bake a chicken in the oven
What is the way to make golgappe/pani puri at home?
Boneless Frozen Lamb Roast
Can I layer Lemon curd and Lemon Mousse?
How to get Grill/Sear Marks
How to not buy the bad apple?
Red potatoes-partial cooking, freezing to bake at a later date
Difference between baking a cake in cooking range and microwave oven
Have to preserve a cake for decoration purposes
Egg substitute for cookie-flavor syrup
Dry Brine time/thawed turkey time
Mold forms on sweet miso -- can I still use the miso?
Best way to preserve choco-chip cookies: food saver?
How to make perfect crispy bacon strips?
Are reddish egg whites safe to eat?
Should I season my paellera?
How to make chicken liver less explosive?
How many meats can make a meatball?
How can I find out how to make clothbound cheddar cheese?
What are the white tendrils at the bottom of these garlic cloves?
Molasses cookies - Do I need to start over?
How much juice is in 1 pear
How to make a strong cup of milk tea without boiling it much?
How to fry eggplant with less oil?
What is the difference between crème anglaise and crème pâtissière?
How long can you keep tuna in jar with olive oil
Why did the crust get too hard on my Blueberry Cheesecake?
How to make hazelnut oil
Very Bitter Cocoa Powder Measurement
Ciabatta Dough Too Wet. What went wrong?
Can I combine two methods of making Dulce de leche from a can of sweetened condensed milk?
Accidently reduced salt in pickling recipe - are these pickles still safe?
Glazing bread pre-baking
How can I keep the shape of my free-form bread dough when it is rising?
Is it safe to use calphalon when the aanondized coating begins to wear?
What is the shelf life of cookies made with Greek Yogurt?
How to cook 1.5+ inch veal steak to medium?
How to pick good clementines and mandarins at the supermarket?
Questions about shaoxing wine
How to store cut potatoes for the morning?
Spatchcock Turkey Breast
How can I use these peaches in a box cake mix?
Where is a 'coffee cup' measured to?
Is Hobgoblin a good substitute for Newcastle Brown in a beef stew recipe?
Crumbly cheddar
Jellies and jams: what is most important to preserve the food?
Can I substitute peppercorn marinade for peppercorn sauce mix in a recipe?
Why does the beef I cook never come out tender?
Cook lentils before or after shaping into veggie meatballs?
How to reduce the flavour of orange zest in chicken?
Elements of a chilli sauce
How do I reduce the lime flavor in my Slow Cooker roast?
Why does my Victoria sandwich have a hole in the base?
To par-boil or not to par-boil root vegetables before roasting?
How to parcook a casserole?
How to use meat thermometers with big needles for thinner meat pieces?
Not sure my meat spent long enough on high in the crock pot?
Thicker steak: pan seared then oven
Is there a reason for storing ground spices separately (unmixed)?
Is there any way to kill bacteria in food without using heat?
Are there any sugar substitutes for preserving food?
What is the purpose of this footed glassware with a large round bowl and a decorative handle?
Any reason I can't use popover batter to make one huge popover without separating into little cups?
Why is my avocado tough and rubbery?
Do you need to pre-heat a gas oven?
Graham Crust Cheesecake is so hard to cut?
Uncarved Pumpkin - is it still okay to cook with?
Any way to reduce the tangy taste of homemade coconut milk?
Shelf-stable "frosting" for a savory "gingerbread" house?
Chocolate hazelnut: efficacy of mixing crushed&roasted hazelnuts to sauce
Crackling sound and a thin layer of something on the surface before water boils
Does sprinkling salt on top of brownies give the same result as putting it in the batter?
How do I properly breadcrumb meat?
can I eat a cryovaced cured ham left in car for 24 hours?
How to get that crispy skin on a roasted turkey or chicken
Home made yeast cinnamon rolls deflating?
How can I remove salt from a saline infused pork sirloin roast?
Why is the handle of sauce pans tilted and not horizontal?
Effect of metal colander on jerky meat post-marinade
Why mono and diglycerides instead of xanthan?
Incorporate oreo bits in cookie recipe
What pot size for 150 servings of sauce?
How to store live scallops?
What's this yellow plum-like fruit with a spiky stone? West Africa
Can I get a good crust on a thin steak?
Baking apple roses in oven in France, which mark should I choose?
Can silicone moulds be used for making cupcakes in electric tandoor
How finely chopped should vegetables be when making stock?
Pâte Brisée, Sucrée and Sablée
Do I cover a pork roast?
Can I finish cooking a stuffed pork roast if I turn it off for a while?
Why most chocolate bars have trans fat?
Frozen eggs in the shell: thaw and cook or trash them?
Is a reddy/brown coloured cod fillet ok to use?
Can you use bread flour that is 2 months past the best use by date?
What can I substitute for Gruyère in quiche lorràine?
Are there too many flavors competing in this side dish?
Why do light and dark roux have different effects when thickening sauces?
How do I thicken tomato-based pasta sauce without adding starch?
Can I store a fresh turkey in my garage for a few days?
What biological factors affect a meat's taste?
I didn't put the lid on my slow cooker(crockpot) for first hour of beef stew. Will it still be safe to eat?
Can I bake bread in a cast iron Dutch oven with the lid on, or should I use tin foil instead?
How can I effectively time a short thawing and brining of a a turkey?
How much minced garlic is one clove?
Oven temperature for multiple ducks?
Whoops- put turkey chili in the crockpot on warm all day. Is it safe once cooked?
Difference between ground cloves and clove powder?
Can a sour dough starter be too active?
Commercial Egg whites for whole eggs
