Why does HMAC use two different keys?
Cryptography — with a semi-priveleged user in the middle — to prevent request-tampering with another server
Encrypting a short phrase into two keys. both with length of 32letters
Spurious keys filter
Should HMAC or NMAC or plain Keccak be used for a secure MAC?
Solving Vigenère Encryption
Which homomorphic encryption scheme has the same size of plaintext space and ciphertext space?
State of the art RSA key generation
How can I generate a brief (100) stream of random numbers, not using the computer or throwing dice?
Frequency analysis of transposition ciphers
ECC Complexity order of point addition, scalar point multiplication and selecting random point
How can we prove that two discrete logarithms are equal?
Will hashing over and over eventually give the same hash?
Using beginning of TLS ecnrypted data to reveal secret
Generalize the Merkle–Damgård construction for any compression function
What's the entropy of the output for Tiger Encryption?
How can I decode a Hill Cipher without a key?
Can we parallelize the Feistel Networks?
How secure would HMAC-SHA3 be?
Do I need two keys for AES CBC and HMAC or can I use the same key for both operations?
Numeric combination of passwords
Is HMAC necessary if the AES ciphertext of a message includes the CRC of the message?
Abstract algebra in cryptography
Timestamping using a hashed linked list and public known events
difference between leveled FHE and normal FHE scheme
Pairings in Identity-based encryption vs. Attribute-based encryption
DES with actual 7 byte key
Why does knowing the number of points on a curve help solve ECCDLP?
Can Skein be used as a secure MAC in format H(k || m)?
FHE over the Integers - reduction to approximate gcd problem
Is the product of two primes only factorisable by those two primes?
Are the RFC3526 MODP groups Schnorr groups?
Zero-knowledge proof of a product
Multiple-prime RSA; how many primes can I use, for a 2048-bit modulus?
Can I publish the accumulator trapdoor and still keep it secure?
CBC MAC and DES combined question?
How to specify a NIST SP 800-108 KBKDF
Tiger Tree Hash vs generic Merkle Tree
Does $i^n=j^n$ for $i, j \in GF(2^q)$ and $i \neq j$ for some $n<2^q-1$
Schnorr Identification protocol sometimes wrong?
Simplified Key Wrapping to Achieve Only Confidentiality?
Why is the polynomial in AES MixColumns multiplied modulo a reducible polynomial?
Paper about this secure P2P idea?
Pseudocode for constant time modular exponentiation
Is pairing based cryptography ready for productive use?
Can I make a PRNG that is secure even when state can be modified by user?
What is the MD5 collision with the smallest input values?
x509 CA trust question
Diffie Hellman Key Exchange (Finding # of bits/digits of secret key)
How can I validate my implementation of Ansi 9.19?
How to argue to a paranoid that RSA is safe?
How to implement a Cryptographic Pseudo Random Function
ECC public key encryption and authentication - ECIES with ECDSA vs ECDH with AES
What cryptographic paradigm is appropriate for this use case?
How do decryption algorithms determine whether your attempted passphrase is correct?
Performance for Subbytes in AES
Can XEX or XTS modes be used with only one tweak?
Why must IV be sent with each packet?
How do you test the security of your cipher?
Undefined $E_y(1,r_{i,j,1})$ notation in cryptography paper, suspect ElGamal-like
Accelerated hashing on consumer-grade CPU?
About using mistakes as part of a code
Is the CONF key sharing Problem equivalent to discrete log problem?
Does not using padding mean a lack of security?
in Bilinear pairings, what is the difference between Type 2 and Type 3?
reverse an identicon to its source string
Is there a difference between PRF and a hash function?
Analyzing ECB's and CBC's resistence to a known-plaintext attack
From Factorisation of semiprimes to breaching confidentiality
AES and One Time Passwords
How do I produce a stream of secure random numbers from AES-Counter mode?
Symmetry for finite cyclic groups (Z/pZ)∗
Smart card Strong authentication / Verification ( fingerprints)
Understanding how SHA-512 achieves its design goals
Can 64-bit “PRINCEcore” practically be brute forced?
Does AES 256 really make sense in hybrid crypto systems when the PKI is the bottleneck?
Back up an information as $n$ pieces and require exactly $n-1$ to recover it
Question about dual system encryption
Differences between using HMAC-SHA1 vs HMAC-SHA256 for data storage?
Are ZKPPs possible with server-side hashed passwords?
Why Distance-128 relation in Plain texts is reflected in Cipher texts
Generating the keys for the RSA cryptosystem in probabilistic polynomial time
Understanding hash entropy
find $x$, given $\{c_ix = k_i + y_i\}_{i=[1,n]} $
Is ISAAC Cipher Cryptographically Secure?
Shor's Algorithm values
What is Perceptual Encryption?
Block cipher encryption of decryption with the same key
Is RSA encryption with a private key the same as signature generation?
Is there an anonymous non-interactive authorisation scheme with peer-side auth. signature generation?
Difference between a nonce and IV
Mapping integers to Ed25519 and back again?
What are the two parts of SHA1's compression function called?
Security benefits of Ed25519 generating signatures deterministically
Proving the possession of signature in zero-knowledge
About the Rijndael/AES sbox polynomial (subBytes)
PRG existance and P versus NP
Is there a flaw in this ECC blind signature scheme?
How is an X.509 public key used for TLS?
How do RSA and ECDSA differ in signing performance?
Skein state size advantages
Is $G$ a secure PRG?
RSA Proof - Is Z(n) closed under multiplication
Is knowing the private key of RSA equivalent to the factorization of $N$?
Is container format relevant to security of encrypted message inside?
ECC partially blind signature scheme verification
In the STS Authentication Protocol, why are the signatures encrypted?
When is it safe to not use authenticated encryption?
Cryptodefense ransom use RSA-2048. Any chance with known plaintext attack?
Shamir's Secret Sharing of modular inverse
Group Signature Scheme without Opening but with Revocation
Decrypt a public encrypted message and Sign a signature, how the math is different?
Building cryptographic primitives using additive maps?
Size of p in ElGamal cryptosystem?
Can N, q be shared for multiple users when using SRP-6A
Computing youngest person among 3 while keeping ages private
On modeling a random oracle hash function which maps $\mathbb{G}_1 \rightarrow \mathbb{G}_2$
Why is Triple DES not vulnerable to meet in the middle attacks?
Number of keys when using symmetric and asymmetric encryption?
Symmetry between a public and a private key
Point addition and doubling in Ed25519 (ref10)?
Cryptographically secure keyed rolling hash function
Computational Diffie-Hellman problem over the group of quadratic residues
How to retrieve the plaintext of a substitution ciphertext?
FHE over the integers - Is that paper's scheme known to be insecure against quantum adversaries?
Why is ElGamalEngine in bouncy castle restricting input data to be less than the length of the group parameter p?
DH key exchange with only one end authenticated
How to decrypt a text which is ciphered same length key?
Encrypt HDD with keyfile and password and allow backing up the keyfile with secret sharing
Key exchange if forward secrecy is not an issue
Is it necessary to generate a private key for each encryption process?
The advantages of Merkle Signature and One time Signature
Hash collision resistance of $\mathcal H^\prime(m) = \mathcal H(\mathcal H(m)|m)$
RSA, finding p,q
Does the secret key used in AES have to prime?
How can the key size be calculated
Preimage of SHA512 with a known suffix
Is TLS_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA still a secure cipher to use?
Performance analysis of roaming authentication protocol using pbc library
Generating unsigned, bounded random value using signed bounded random values
Initialize the eight working variables SHA256
RSA Key Blinding
How to solve cipher encrypted with Vigenère + Columnar Transposition?
Are hash functions chaotic?
Special random distribution algorithm
What constitutes a "description of B" for probabilistic encryption as defined in Cryptology 6.3.4?
ECDSA vs RSA: Performance on Android platform and surprising results
What are Cryptographic Multi-linear Maps?
Breaking RSA when some bits of one prime are known
Problems with using AES Key as IV in CBC-Mode
Is AES key length a size of the key or entropy?
Is there a number of tries after which Hashcash is guaranted to be solved?
RSA private exponent primality
Is it possible to construct a secure block cipher of size $2n$ given a secure block cipher of size $n$?
modulo operations in crypto algorithms
Is TEA considered secure?
Low level explanation of how a message is sent via RSA
Shamir's secret sharing scheme - type of channels
Space complexity of quantum collision search?
What is a generator?
Is it possible to combine two operations rotation and xor?
Is concatenated data hashed with scrypt vulunarable to a length extension attack?
Berlekamp-Massey to construct minimal LFSR
Pseudo-Hadamard transform, most significant bit
P10 to P8 in S-DES
Can I decrypt the message having it encrypted with different keys?
Constructing of 16x16 Involutory Binary Matrices of Branch Number 7
Cryptographic hash function for 32-bit length input keys
How is a Yubikey static password derived from the AES key?
Value of “counter” when decrypting AES in CTR mode?
Send a symmetric key generated by one user to other users (more than two) using a server
SIMON Cryptanalysis
Hide message length in symmetric key cryptography
Is this EdDSA modification secure?
Is the private key static or variable key in the elgamal algorithm?
Why is XOR preferred over XNOR?
Building a stream-cipher out of a hash function?
Is it possible to find data which makes sense when decrypted with different keys?
Ed25519 with R replaced by H(RAM)?
Knapsack Public to Private (Superincreasing knapsack)
How exactly are PRNG's used to encrypt material, and what makes one any more secure than the other?
ElGamal digital signature. why mod p-1 in delta?
Is C25519/Ed25519 "twist secure"?
Advantages to knowing $p$ and $q$ in Blum Blum Shub?
Perfect Forward Secrecy with NaCl
how to use common modulus attack?
How can one encrypt with RSA (or ElGamal) without revealing whom the ciphertext is intended for?
Berlekamp-Massey algorithm, correct stepping
Prefix property for variable length pseudo-random generators
Common password derivation function for different encryption methods
Which tamper-protection algorithm provides the shortest output?
Security assessment between $g^{a_ix_i+r_i}$ and $g^{x_i+r_i}$
Is AES-256 over AES-128 weakening the original encryption?
Which concrete applications benefit from Oblivious RAM constructions?
One-time pad, zero key and Shannon
Shamir Secret sharing - Can share generator keep x values secret?
Message lengths with AES CTR mode?
Simple way to extend AES to 256-bit block size
Complement property of DES
Cryptographic pseudo-random generation of address subsets
Can you determine an unknown value when it is combined with a known value and you are given the resulting hash?
How do P2P clients like uTorrent maintain authenticity of files?
Understanding math behind RSA key derivation
weaknesses in ElGamal with public key of small order
How is padding oracle attack mitigated by encrypt-then-MAC?
Problem with anonymously merging information from distributed sources
How does this SSL-related flaw work?
Encryption and HMAC key derivation
What are the major flaws and limitations of this hash-based stream cipher design?
How can I perform matching on an “encrypted- fingerprint feature matrix” using Fully Homomorphic Encryption?
Reverse engineering a single checksum byte
What is the "artificial abort" technique?
How does CBC work with read-write volumes?
order of elliptic curve divisible by prime
Efficiency of chaining AES "groups" of blocks
Why do "nothing up my sleeve numbers" have low entropy?
Generating Encryption Keys from Biometric Fingerprint Templates
Journals to read in order to keep up to date with interesting research
Is there a public-key cryptography method that enables public keys to be much smaller than private keys?
Why would splitting a password output be better than separate HMACs for encryption/authentication key derivation?
KDF followed by a Hash?
Pairing Field size as security parameter
Illustrate NTRU using lattices
Chosen Ciphertext Attack with a theoretical decryption machine
Error propagation in CBC mode
Quantum key distribution simulation
How to write the encrypted message after using RSA
Want to use ECC but am clueless
(n,n) Shamir secret sharing
Does data authenticity always, implicitly, provide data integrity?
Some questions about encrypting (AES) a file with password
Does ECIES imply authenticity?
Is RSA key size the size of private key exponent?
For enciphering messages with AES in CTR mode, do I need a different key for each message?
How to handle the GCD(V,P) != 1 case when doing point addition or point doubling in elliptic curve cryptography
Need to generate new DH keys for every message in OTR
Why is plain-hash-then-encrypt not a secure MAC?
Common pitfalls of session key activation?
Reductionist proofs of decisional problems to computational
Looking for crypto with derived keys?
AES/CBC fixed Initial vector use-case
Does salt size affect password hash security?
Uniform distribution/randomness of characters in the sha256 hash?
Integers in ECC
What's the advantage of using OFB/CFB/CTR modes over a stream cipher
How can one parallelize tasks in CTR-AES for maximum performance?
Can anyone explain how the modified r-adding walk works?
Encryption time in ECC
The improvement of the private key exponent in the M.Weiner Attack
Pailler and Gentry - homomorphic encryption
Blowfish vs. Twofish regarding power consumption
How small are we talking about when defining the small public/private key exponent
Update to "Cryptographic Right Answers"
Secure Secret sharing
Security of the iterated Hill Cipher
Bilinear pairing
Autocorrelation in Autokey
Question about block erasure codes
RSA: Fermat's Little Theorem and the multiplicative inverse relationship between mod n and mod phi(n)
Creating a license system based on asymmetric encryption (RSA or ECDSA)
Correct way to read a given permutation cipher?
One Time Pad for large changing files
Parallel hash construction
How can I make a message into a blocks for NTRU?
Encryption of log files
Choice of MAC and handling it correctly
How to prove identity without revealing identity
How Does Progressive Hashing Work?
Is it a requirement to understand mathematics when implementing (or breaking) cryptography?
Montgomery Ladder vs Double-and-Add
How to measure ECC key size?
Use additional keys to thwart key compromise?
Precomputation attacks on RSA
Security of a security protocol for key exchange, using symmetric-key cryptography
How can I process data within a cloud securely?
Number of different substitution alphabet ciphers possible with given conditions?
Theory for pre-paid debit card: card-to-card transfer
Hamiltonicity proof of knowledge
Twisted curves in protocol
Is CTS necessary on a AES-CBC DRBG?
P = NP security implications
Are formal methods used for cryptographic protocol design?
Proxy re-encryption mod operations
Padding to increase entropy and size of (otherwise) small JSON objects
Universal Circuits in Indistinguishability Obfuscation Candidate Construction
Is there an oblivious decryption scheme?
Can I create a fixed length output from a fixed length input?
server aid secure equality test
Modulo properties of two prime numbers
Three different numbers with x³=x mod p
How (in)secure is a signature based on DSA with DSS1 (SHA1) in reality?
Pick faster private exponent
Commutative Encryption with RSA scheme?
What are differences between $E(F_p)$ and $E(Z_p)$?
RSA encryption and signature padding flaw
Multiplication-homomorphic schemes
Attack on a key-exchange,symmetric-key cryptography protocol
What differences between Menezes–Vanstone ECC and ElGamal ECC?
Must the ciphertext be longer than the key for symmetric encryption?
Sender and receiver having different moduli conflicts with encryption and signing in RSA
Obfuscate an "I'll reveal if you do" function
Why are there only positive value points on an elliptic curve?
What does it mean that a protocol realizes "strong mutual authentication"?
ECDSA: How to retrieve a non-random k
Are those RSA keys flawed?
ECDSA: Retrieving non-random k
Significance of rotation constants in SHA-512?
How do I construct variable length input (VIL) in a block cipher mode?
AES-128-CTR message integrity: Construction of HMAC
Familiar key signing over video call
How can one detect if a hash function doesn't have a full image?
Comparing two values without revealing them
Elliptic Curve based blind signature implementation
Is ”generating transcripts that are indistinguishable from actual messages in a signature scheme” not universal forgery?
Generate a unique 64 bit numeric database key without collisions at $2^{32}$ birthday threshold?
Fiat-Shamir security problem question
How can a digital signature algorithm incorporate a random data if it is to be authenticated on a separate system
Mixing Entropy Sources by XOR?
Given $n$ bits, how many "truly random" sequences/numbers can be constructed?
Does this protocol provide Perfect Forward Secrecy / are there potential security flaws?
Compact digital signature for noisy data
Use of less than secure random numbers for 'a' during an SRP proof of password
Brute force RSA cracking
Python KDF - Master Key and Derivatives
Is a collision attack possible on MD5 if message is known partially
What are the consequences of not checking the server mac in a TLS connection?
Why does AES-GCM need a hash/MAC in TLS?
Algorithm accepting every passphrase to fool unlegit user
RSA decrypting of a huge file by parts
Strategy for random CTR initial counter values
What are good combinations of public key algorithms or primitives for long term security?
Functions that are only second-preimage resistant?
curve25519 weak points for contributory behaviour
How to calculate inverse affine transform in AES from forward affine transform?
Trial divisions before Miller-Rabin checks?
Basic attacks on McEliece; finding S and P
TLS - sharing 1792 bits of unidirectional keys
AES VS PRNG+HASH+XOR
Key cracking: Prefer many small texts over one large text?
RSA: Common modulus attack problem
Non-commutitive and nonassociative algebraic structures in cryptography
SHA1 multipart calculation
Is HMAC needed for a SHA-3 based MAC?
SHA1 collision event probability after n iterations
Choose a random number that is different from a bunch of other secret numbers
Length-preserving all-or-nothing transform
Using PBKDF2 twice with different argument order
Mutual authentication with Public Key and session Key
Signing a document: which algorithm to use?
Modes of Operations Exercise
LFSR and Markov chain question
Does knowing multiple hash of the same content make it more likely to generate original plain text?
Fiat–Shamir: why do r and s have to be smaller than n?
Fast hashing into elliptic curve
Parallelized Pollard's Rho algorithm for ECDLP + Jacobian coordinates
Protocol composition
Is either brainpoolP320r1 or brainpoolP320t1 a SafeCurve?
User-specified PBKDF2 password, salt, and iterations limits
Password-based encrypted key storage?
Ballot box with multiple parties. All can read it, or none can read it
Is HMAC padding the same as bcrypt?
How to calculate bit strength of Integer Factorization Cryptography (IFC) such as RSA using Python
Where do I truncate the bits in SHA 256 hash algorithm?
Description of signatures with message recovery (as in ISO/IEC 9796-2 and EMV Signatures)
Could scrypt salts contribute to entropy if passwords & salts are only stored in human memory?
Public and private key lengths
Pseudo Random Generator with fixed Hamming Weight
Is it possible to perform a rudimentary asymmetric key encryption algorithm by hand?
How can I find the multiplicative inverse in the first transformation of the SubBytes() transformation in AES?
Is email an example of public-key cryptography?
What does it mean for an adversary to run in PPT?
Is 256 a reasonable length for a Diffie-Hellman safe prime?
How do I decide what mode to use?
Modulo settings for successful encryption?
Is there a deterministic number generator that allows me to share some (not all) numbers I've generated using a smallish seed?
Deriving 2 keys using HKDF
How to prove NIZK proof of knowledge?
Are poly1305 authenticators distinguishable from random data?
In public key cryptography, how many keys are required for secure communication between n parties?
How to adjust scrypt parameters for Moore's Law?
Fastest random number generator
A question or few about Mental Poker
Is there a way to compress multiple signatures of the same data?
Elliptic Curve Crypto, is a distributed signing method possible using Shamir's Secret Sharing?
What is the quantum-resistant signature scheme with the smallest signature + pubkey?
Paillier can add and multiply, why is it only partially homomorphic?
Minimum length of PKI key for signature
Pohlig-Hellman Algorithm: Adding up the solution via CRT
LFSR Output Sampling for Berlekamp-Massey
How come Shamir Secret Sharing uses Lagrange interpolation?
Exchanging session keys over symmetric-key channel?
Encrypt-then-MAC: full random keys or keys derived from master key?
Is it a good idea to use Lagrange/Newtonian interpolation for encryption?
RSA example-calculation: Public Key = Private Key (e = d)
What is Attribute Based Encryption?
In HMQV, can one use multiple identities with one public key?
Is it possible to get better randomness by using multiple PRNGs?
Large text file encryption per line
Indistinguishable encryptions in the presence of an eavesdropper equivalence
moduli in SSL certificates
Do sites store login password with hash? If so, can people can use hash collision to log in?
Combining Random Hashes - avoiding collisions and ensuring randomness
Empty message Hash length
Public Key Cryptography: Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange
How to convert projective to jacobian co-ordinate in ECC?
Condensed ElGamal + AES
Does collision resistance imply (or not) second-preimage resistance?
Choice of multiplication polynomial in Rijndael s-box affine mapping
How to find out the method used to encrypt
Associative standard cryptographic hash function
Is there a standard way to use a nonce with HMAC?
Encrypting text file line by line with stable encryption
Exactly two of the four roots must be greater than N/2
Types of cryptography
generate hash of all handshake messages for verify data (DTLS)
Does OpenTSA support PKCS11 to talk to HSMs?
Attacks on AES-128 (ECB) based on some knowledge of plaintext
Client authentication on limited hardware
Determine LFSR phase quickly?
Is a keyed PRF a MAC?
Math to replace s-boxes - Good or bad idea?
Problem with Python Implementation of Key Exchange part OTR Protocol
Feasible way to check n-dimensional equidistribution of PRNGs
Can a homomorphic encryption scheme be made CCA2 Secure?
Pseudorandom permutations on domains of arbitrary (i.e. not a power of 2) size
Is SHA256 good enough to shrink a key?
Algorithm for computing square roots in $GF(2^n)$
Public and Private key encryption in simple math
SHA256 output to 0-99 number range?
Is SipHash cryptographically secure?
AES256-GCM - can someone explain how to use it securely (ruby)
Cryptool - DES (ECB and CBC ) - double encyption
In symmetric searchable encryption are the algorithms public?
Use ElGamal to solve Diffie-Hellman problem
Getting 88bytes cipher output from 48bytes input in AES
What curve and key length to use in ECDSA?
CBC-MAC length extension attack with IV simulation
Generate Finite Field power of g
Type 2 to Type 1 pairing transformation - why not considered?
Convergent encryption has dictionary attack, but why hash function doesn't?
Comparing n-multiple amount of merkle trees?
Adi Shamir's secret database of all primes
Deterministic Rand function for Winternitz One Time Signatures
Malicious KGC attack in the identity-based authenticated key exchange protocol
How to find modulus from a RSA public key?
Simplification of a pairing
How does Web Cryptography API produce secure PRNG?
An unpredictable PRG is secure (Theorem Yao'82)
How is this affine function a pair wise independent permutation?
What exactly does a key do?
When only using one-way hashing, is it possible to tell the number of characters changed between the old and new password?
Does adding a salt to the message before HMAC processing add any security?
Choosing primes in the Paillier cryptosystem
McEliece and cryptanalysis
How can I calculate the Rijndael SBox?
Random Number Generator based on AES CTR
RSA Key and RSA Security
Is there a practical upper limit for password rehashing?
How can a Vigenère cipher be broken if the message is short?
Calculating IHVs from known message and hash output
What is a proof of data possession that accounts for fake mirrors?
In RSA, why does $p$ have to be bigger than $q$ where $n=p \times q$?
Is jacobian to projective conversion unique?
Effective security of block cipher – equal the key size, or half the key size?
How does recovering the public key from an ECDSA signature work?
Does CCA security imply authenticated encryption?
Clarification of the terms "brute force" and "guess"
pairing-based schemes
How to construct a next bit predictor from a distinguisher
What is the entropy per Diceware word if a random symbol is inserted into a random position in the word?
What is the motivation behind Key-policy Attribute-based Encryption?
mixing two asymmetrical random number generator streams
Could I use an hashing function for Symmetric encryption?
Galois field step in XEX mode
Decryption issue with self-coded AES-128
How does AES-CCM work in BitLocker?
Protocol: Coin Flipping over phone
A question about elliptic curves and finite fields in bilinear pairings
Attack on DSA modification with bad hash function
Ciphertext indistinguishability (IND-CPA) for symmetric cryptography
Decrypting an encrypted text out of order
How to calculate complexity of ElGamal cryptosystem?
Collecting entropy: can I use timing of reading as a separate source from the reading itself?
Does having a known plaintext prefix weaken AES256?
Using GMAC for Authentication without encrypting the message
Can I crack an AES string if I have all these parameters?
How to find which padding method is used in Block cipher(AES) encyption?
How long does it take to crack PBKDF2?
Generalized Merkle Signatures, SHA-3 and Sakura
Given $g$, $b$, $g^{ab}$, is finding $g^a$ a hard problem?
How secure is using a pad (using xor) on a encrypted data, for the purpose of obfuscating/hiding the underlying encryption?
Modes of operation that allow padding oracle attacks
Storing encryption key?
Is it possible to deduce the value of a string when given its hash and multiples hashes of the string + other known strings?
Attacks on Full TripleDES
Is TripleDES 168bit vulnerable to Differential Cryptanalysis?
Polynomial representation of the affine part of the AES S-box
OCB nonce usage
Advantages of making streamcipher stream depend on plaintext?
Is it safe to seed a random number generator from system time?
Are HMACs based on hashes with larger bit-lengths also more secure?
Importance of salt when deriving an encryption key
Difference between “ECDH with cofactor key” and “ECDH without cofactor key”?
KDF based on HMAC-SHA-256
Can a EC private key be derived from a public key?
Turning PRPs in PRGs with a counter
Process of dividing 168bit key into 56bit keys in TripleDES
Rate my idea: is that a stronger GPG-like algorithm?
Spoofing protocol nonce
Security equivalent to Diffie–Hellman problem?
Allowing multiple password reset tokens, and a question on random number predictability
AES-CTR-256 Sub Keys With Encrypted Sub Key Index
Is there a generic attack on encrypted CRC32 when used as a MAC?
AES multiple devices to server communication
understanding the proof of knowledge
Use AES-256 Or AES-CTR-256 For One Block?
How do we compute IV+1 in CTR mode?
PGP message integrity : How can receiver of an email check the integrity using the sender's public key?
Validity of authentication scheme?
Lowest number challenge scheme
Publicly Verifiable Authenticator
Is my implementation of a PRG at least intuitively secure?
MAC using a modified CBC mode of operation
RSA with modulus n=p²q
Why is MAC using nonce+message+hash(nonce+message+identifier) not the standard?
Which algorithm do you recommend for practical use to generate unique passwords for each website?
Secure way to store fixed size string of digits
Different padding rules for Merkle–Damgård and Keccak/sponge function
Textbook RSA with exponent e=3
Rainbow table for DES with all-zero plaintext?
Universal hashing techniques based on matrix multiplication
How does a rolling code work?
Is MAC-then-encrypt with stream ciphers secure?
Adding an IV to an AES implementation
Vigenère cipher: Security when key length and plaintext length are the same
Where is the OID and ASN.1 specified for AES_CMAC?
Does 3-DES take approximately the same time to encrypt 1B and 1KB?
Elliptic curve group over a prime finite field $F_p$
Key Derivation from random salted seed, HMAC and HMAC based KDF
Probability that two different files can have same MD5 hash for both an unencrypted and encrypted version (AES256, same key between files)
Reversing DJB2 Hashes
Should I calculate two CMACs over two different strings that share common bytes?
True Random Number Generator by milliseconds per keystroke (TRNG-Kms)
Elliptic Curve Cryptography
CSPRNG that cannot be used as random extractor
Whitening and randomness extraction
Understanding Lattice based cryptosystem
Compression function to guarantee randomness of one time pads?
Known plaintext attack on ElGamal encryption
Adding points on Elliptic Curves
The REACT transform and Replayable CCA
Implementing CD serial key system
OTT service using FPE
Is it secure to use Diffie-Hellman key agreement to generate a nonce?
ECDH anonymous key exchange to avoid PKI
Public key Issue - same key pair as existing one?
Where can I find test vectors for ciphers?
Challenge-response based on public-key decryption, why send public key
Encrypted files in an encrypted partition or folder
Is this an acceptable All-or-Nothing Transform?
PGP String-to-Key specifiers
Using Lattice-based cryptography for TLS\SSL
Symmetric-key login protocol
Noise bound in FHE over the integers
AES-GCM Disadvantage
Is perfect-forward secrecy achieved with RSA?
Given a 'good' basis for a lattice, how can we solve the CVP?
Composing and Inverting Symmetric Encryption Keys
Theoretical attack on RSA
Simple proof of work example?
Is SRP post-quantum secure?
run length testing
Cryptographically Secure Hash Algorithm with Very Specific Property
Point addition equation in projective co ordinates
Public key in fully homomorphic encryption over the integers
Using hashes as passwords
About S-box in AES
Constant data as input to hash
where to keep the AES keystream?
Secure MultiParty Computation with secret inputs for secret outputs
Revealing random bit permutation
Size of Fresh Ciphertext's Noise in FHE over the integers
Skein or Keccak stream cipher construction
How does Truecrypt change password without the need for a complete re-encryption of volume
Interleaving bytes to make an effectively larger block size
ECDSA with SHA256 and sepc192r1 curve: Impossible, or how to calculate $e$?
How to only encrypt a subset of the plaintext
Homogenous vs heterogeneous unbalanced Feistel networks?
How many degrees of freedom up my sleeve?
How exactly does key whitening manage to increase security?
Straightforward method for hampering frequency analysis on deterministic encryption
How feasible is word-level frequency analysis over English (or any language)?
A way around digital signatures?
Algebraic Normal Form Piccolo
What characters are valid in PGP encrypted and signed messages?
Is it insecure to encrypt the wrong plaintext?
Implementation and Testing of SRP-6a
Hardware Implementation of Pairing over BN curves
CMAC vs HMAC security strength
AES256-CBC vs AES256-CTR in SSH
Discovering private exponent from public key
Diffie-Hellman when $p$ and $g$ are pre-agreed and hidden from Eve
Recover from compromised shares with Shamir Secret Sharing
What does well-typed mean?
RSA Blind Signature Attack
Help deciphering caesar cipher
$(k, n)$ threshold secret sharing to $(k+k', n + n')$ without reissuing all shares
SHACAL in SHA-256
Streaming mode of operation that is more resistant against nonce reuse
Session-specific Symmetric Key Derivation Using SHA256
Combining two keys
Is HMAC-SHA-1 secure?
Verification of signed message with encryption
Do I need to use AE/AEAD in my particular scenario? Or is it redundant?
Computational Complexity - When is it really exponential time?
Are there any cryptographic flaws in my webhook signing process?
Entropy of two concatenated random values
CTR mode encryption using PRG
Security issues of a MAC-then-Encrypt-then-MAC approach?
Hash or compression function in Merkle tree nodes?
linear computations over bilinear pairings
Is XORing a SHA256 better than truncating it?
Is there an encryption that is only reversible with a key?
Is it possible to find plaintext from ciphertext if (n) and (a) are known for RSA?
Luby-Rackoff theorem confusion
How is SHA1 different from MD5?
Multi-key decryption
How does Diffie-Hellman key exchange work?
Decrypting an Affine Cipher with known characters
Is encryption mainly using Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange?
Chosen plaintext attack on textbook RSA decryption
I am new to Cryptography and I wonder if one can Suggest me Beginner Projects
Implementation Attacks on Hashes
How does the signature checking work in DKIM?
Can you fake messages from recorded message-history?
Block-cipher based vs Hash based MAC
Cryptanalysis of Nonlinear Table Lookup
Subverting the key generation step in RSA public key cryptography
Advantages of 64-bit CPU smartphone
Why can't you decrypt an encrypted message with just the public key?
public key delivery without third party
Rely on NSA Suite B Cryptography?
Is my id obfuscation algorithm secure?
How to encrypt a file for random access
Is braid-based cryptography proven insecure when looking towards post-quantum cryptography?
Construct block cipher from a smaller one with mixing function
Encryption method with master key and user keys
Attacking a hardware AES implementation if it leaks the intermediate round states
Simple proof that shows AES is not a uniform permutation on any n-bit string?
Does SHA-1024 hash exist?
Rainbow tables, where have I got it wrong?
SRP-6 vulnerabilities when N is small
GPG & Mcrypt - difference?
Parallel variant of Carter-Wegman MAC with incremental property
Detect desynchronization in HOTP authentication
Entropy Loss of KDFs
Cryptography vs Security
How are secure hashing and encryption algorithms proven?
A patched SHA1 attempt for password verification
Private Key - Memory Lifecycle
Regular MACs vs Carter-Wegman MAC
IND-CCA2 secure schemes without Plaintext Awareness?
Recover plaintext from truncated ciphertext using AES for FPE
ElGamal signature scheme: Why is r included in s
Diffie–Hellman Ephemerality Nomenclature
Is this a plausible PBKDF?
Variants of AES?
ECC cryptography with shorter signature when not needing high security?
CBC-MAC key can be added to ciphertext?
Maximum password length in PBKDF2
Convergent Encryption: integrity and authenticity
Which causes longer "break" time (in general)?
Is it secure to derive an AES key from a MAC?
Proof of Communication
What's the consequence of having a short IV? Is one mode better in that case?
Efficiently map $2^n$ unique 64-bit vectors to $2^n$ $n$-bit vectors where $n < 64$?
Is any specific packet cipher mode to be prefered for use with – for example – UDP?
RSA and ECDSA Certificate Sizes
One Way function and Merkle Damgård
Groth-Sahai proofs and hardness assumptions
Can all asymmetric key pairs be reversed?
Counter Mode: how to choose the nonce part of the counter?
Solution with high decryption cost and low encryption cost
Good challenges for a crypto competition for teenagers
Attacking unuauthenticated RSA
Found a way to crack AES-128, what now?
Proving Non-Existence of ECC Backdoors
OCB and GCM security
Proof for composed signatures
EAX: OMAC and CMAC
Type G Bilinear Pairings
Partial hash code protocol for security tokens providing signatures
How to distribute symmetric key between $n$ entities?
PBKDF2 Salt and Password Ordering
Are variable-length crypto hash functions still susceptible to collisions?
PBKDF2-SHA256+SHA256 for password storage
Comparing Difference Distribution Tables
How can finding a collision help an attacker with tampering messages with HMAC
Is hashing a list of hashes safe?
What's the point of a Meet In The Middle attack using i.e. double AES with throw-away keys?
Possible CPA or CCA attack when using AES-CBC mode under the following situation?
RSA was rejected by which journal?
Security of very simple XOR with random?
Can Bitcoin HD public keys be used for symmetric encryption?
Understanding Genkin-Pipman-Tromer's ground potential, side channel attack on RSA
Choice of authenticated encryption mode for whole messages
Why are some key stretching methods better than others?
Repeatable crypto
How does Random Oracle and Standard Model differ?
How should I treat a new cipher release like Spritz?
Question on Waters IBE
Homomorphic Encryption: how does the equality test on ciphertexts work?
practically verifying block ciphers strength
Implementing the Mceliece Encryption - making the Generator Matrix
Secure Deduplication and Encryption in a data store
Asymmetric algorithm for one time signing of small cleartext
Managing data access through asymmetric cryptography
Are partial hashes used in cryptographic protocols?
CBC-MAC based on PRF
Prevent MITM attack while encrypting data by using ElGamal ECC?
Is multiple encryption using NaCL and TLS better?
How is the following different than RSA Signing of a document?
Is SHA related to AES or TLS in any way
Privacy-Preserving relational databases: checking the existence of a record (or multiple records)
How Proof all Subgroup point of prime order elliptic curve have prime order [#G=#E]?
FSB Hash Functions and Convetional hash Functions
How to make a document truly read only
Is MAC algorithm same at both sender and receiver end
What does Set Membership actually prove?
How is HMAC hashed message decrypted on the receiver side
Are SSL/TLS used for maintaining data confidentiality?
Entropy of the key
Advantages of using intermediate hash over full hash in digital signature application
What is the exact purpose of length padding in Merkle–Damgård hash functions?
Complexity of verifying OTP secret
AES-ECB as an authentication mechanism
Which public key encryption scheme is re-randomizable? How can I re-randomize an encryption scheme?
Encryption-Decryption-Encryption
What are options to compute DES retail MAC (aka ISO 9797-1 mode 3) under PKCS#11?
Statistical tests for pseudorandom permutations
Hill Cipher question
Perfectly secure shift cipher
What is the restriction on $k$, for the $k$th composite residuosity problem to be hard?
Should you change salt when changing password?
Is secp256r1 more secure than secp256k1?
Is this correct way to generate stream cipher using AES CTR mode?
ECIES: Purpose of MAC?
Would xoring 2 independant AES CTRs to produce p-rand introduce vulnerabilities?
ECIES: Purpose of optional shared information?
Is using SHA256 to extract entropy from a p-rand nonce a good way to create keying material?
Is it possible to generate a secure permutation F over 32-bit integers even if F(0) ... F(n) is public knowledge?
Why is Rijndael key length restricted?
Cracking an appliance's network protocol
What is the most secure key expansion routine?
Base64 for a hash algorithm
Shannon confusion and diffusion concept
What's causing the poor randomness in this program: the LCG, or the program logic itself?
Why does FIPS 186-4 require specific sizes for keys?
How to prove Security of Onion Layers of encryption?
Bit padding instead of PKCS#5 padding
DES S-Box properties
What does $\to$ mean in the following definition of a block cipher?
"Practical" operations supported by functional encryption?
Generating S boxes that satisfy Coppersmith's criteria?
How do you create a large PRP from a small one?
Are there valid attacks on full SHA-1?
Why verify padding at all?
Does the initial exchange of random tokens in SKID3 authentication assure against replay attacks?
Privacy-Preserving Protocols and Proofs of Security
breaking fully homomorphic encryption schemes
SHA512withRSA - Looking for details about the Signature Algorithm
Can I remove newlines in a public key?
Isn't a simple Vernam cipher as secure as known symmetric key algorithms?
How can I map arbitrary group elements to unique integers without using Hash functions?
Quantum key exchange skepticism/confusion
Which block cipher mode(s) is most appropriate in these applications?
How often do I need to rotate AES 256 keys
Equal length of primes in paillier cryptosystem
Trapdoors for lattices
Are there cryptographic hash functions with homomorphic properties?
DES with the bitwise complement of a key
Data I/O operations for encrypted files
Feistel cipher vs Substitution-permutation network - number of rounds
How can I know when a file was signed?
How can one generate pairs/triplets/.../n-ary MD5 collisions
How can I (generally) calculate a stream cipher computation cost?
AES Affine Transformation Polynom Representation
How can AES be considered secure when encrypting large files?
Regarding Key Strength with DES and Blowfish
Can we use numbers as a pad in the Vernam cipher - why or why not?
What does "G2" mean when used with X509 certficates and certificate authorities?
Verifying signature owner (without verifying the actual document)
Self-Convergent Hashing
Chi-Squared Step of Vigenere Cipher Decryption
How Could the Music Industry Go About Implementing Crypto?
Why are we advising PKI if we know that quantum computers will break them?
Are there any SSL cipher suites that will not be affected by the post-quantum world?
Understanding the FMS attack on WEP
Help to understand the chameleon hash function?
Last Round in DES
Does NTRU provide Perfect Forward Secrecy?
Strong key generation using PBKDF
How hard to break a cipher if it has a different key for each word?
Engima machine decoding with PC and GPU
RSA-KEM construction
Partial Homomorphic Schemes that are probabilistic
Will I be able to (ab)use a FIDO U2F compliant hardware token to decrypt data?
Hashing passwords
Is appending the hash of the plaintext to the end of an encrypted message sufficient to ensure integrity?
Definition of perfect secrecy using ciphertext
Implementing a web app where the server cannot decrypt its own data?
How to calculate kinv from the given k value
Why would an RSA library tell me that the public key must be at least 512 bits in size?
Pollard's Rho - Constructing the random function
Feasibility of finding public key when private key is known
What is the technical name for a public key container in DER format?
Ways to make a "doomsday" cryptocurrency which becomes untradable
Are password salts equivalent to keystream?
Is Rabin's cryptosystem secure against known-plaintext attacks?
The difference between being not strongly collision resistant, and not weakly collision resistant?
salsa20 is invertible, useless in CTR mode?
GCM: Math behind update of AAD after ciphertext has been processed
On the privacy of perfect hash functions
Efficient AES - Use of T-tables
fuzzy commitment implemenation to make secure biometric template
Encryption with data loss protection
Understanding Pseudo Random Generators
Finding algorithm: desire RSA's uniqueness and ECDSA's space efficiency
Question about the security of Substitution-Permutation Network
VKO GOST R 34.10-2001 (described in RFC4357), Key Agreement Algorithm. Looking for its implementation/detailed description/examples
Is it feasible to use combination of ABE schemes for encrypting the data?
Is there any definition for "generic attack" in context of cryptography or more specific "hash functions"?
Authenticating Very Short (Sub-Block) Data
SHA-1 collision resistance
Is it possible (how difficult) to find MORE than one valid RSA signature?
Diffie-Hellman and man-in-the-middle attacks
reducing false positives in searchable encryption
Does Ciphertext policy ABE support search operation on encrypted data
Why is 224 bit ecdsa faster than 192 bit ecdsa?
Modes of operation for Public Key Encryption schemes
How can i calculate prime of Elliptic Curve?
exchanging private key between service and iPhone app - digital signing
AES-128 with weak key
Plain cascade and Xor cascade
Plaintext-aware encryption for symmetric schemes?
Calculate the security of a cascade cipher
Committing Bilinear equation in Groth-Sahai framework
Security properties and Cryptography objectives applied in algorithms
DES Encryption Algorithm all 64 bits for key instead of 56 bits
Bouncy Castle elliptic curve from explicit parameters (E-521)
How do disk encryption programs solve the "IV problem"?
Is elliptic curve point multiplication semantically secure?
Checking the share membership in secret sharing schemes
For calculating the index of coincidence for each sequence
Cryptographic data structure: sparse array without membership test
AES Affine Transformation in $GF(2^4)$
Random vs. Fixed Paddings
Using modulus in one time pad?
Is it possible to hand-negotiate an SSL/TLS session?
Forward pseudorandom permutation
Key management for military GPS receivers
Generation of N bit prime numbers -> what is the actual range?
Finding out the greater number under zero-knowledge conditions?
What weaknesses in Hash_DRBG did NIST find and fix?
Deprecation of RSA-SHA-1 in DKIM keys?
Fully Homomorphic Encryption over the Integers - perform an operation on an encrypted data
Is there any area where AES-CBC cannot be used ? If so, why?
SHA1 no longer considered secure for SSL Certificates -- what about Cipher Suites?
Is this modified Schnorr signature scheme secure?
simple encryption scheme turns out to be “somewhat homomorphic”
Montgomery Multiplication in FPGA explanation
what is the difference between IBE and ABE schemes
Basic question about design of program with data encryption
Strategy to crack a presumed substitution cipher
What is "msg = group.random(GT)" in Charm encryption schemes?
Brute Force Attack Strategies
What is the (uncompressed) x,y-representation of a curve point on the P-256 NIST elliptic curve?
Group Dependent Language
Reusing message in One Time Pad
EC Public Key length in ASN.1 DER
Roots of polynomial in Shamir secret sharing
Determining average number of hash calls to get a hash that begins with X
Is deniable error-correction possible?
Does brute force attack use the program that created the ciphertext?
Cipher built from GPU primitives
Keccak and compression functions
Hash function and indifferentiability
See any problems with this search-specific homomorphic encoding strategy?
Vigenere ciphertext encrypted with another vigenere cipher
Is there benefit to signing unencrypted emails?
Question about second preimage resistance of hash function combiner
Encrypted database: how to deal with general queries?
NIZK Proof of knowledge N of M discrete logarithms (threshold)
Strength and weaknesses of this JavaScript charCodeAt based login script
Message encrypted with a LFSR based stream cipher
INT_32_BE in PBKDF2
Why should CAST5 and 3DES not be used for encrypting files over 4GB?
Is One Time Pad something like this?
Bridging the gap between security proofs and "real-world" security
Known-plaintext attack on two-dimensional affine cipher
Possible Digital Signature Hack?
Homomorphic encryption based on XOR
Any weakness when sha256'ing output of sha256, repeatedly?
How do you interpret the p-values from the Dieharder testsuite to evaluate an RNG?
Why are we not using multiple ciphers per message?
Small Encryption Exponent
Calculate the RSA private exponent from the CRT parameters
Is Attribute based encryption sub-class of Identity based encryption
what are DP and DQ in Encryption by RSA in c#
A variant of Shamir secret sharing
Hardness proof?
Triple DES in Firefox - in practice
Witness and Commitment in Commitment schemes
How does Blowfish avoid successful cryptanalysis?
Alternative to NSA encryption algorithm
How did the power measurements translate to AES Key?
Generating child keys for a hill climb algorithm
What is the translation for "hash" in french?
Has there been any cryptanalysis of AES under a non-uniformly distributed key?
RSA given q, p and e?
Need to choose an ecnryption method
Correctness vs Completeness
Static DH/Static ECDH certificate using OpenSSL
What does OIW stand for
How can I do minus on plaintexts in the Paillier cryptosystem?
What is the difference between “secp…” and “sect…”?
What benefits do substitution boxes and permutation boxes offer in DES?
RC4 key schedule and algorithm design
How is XOR used for encryption?
Which mathematical operations does secp256k1 point multiplication use?
Number of keys for a monoalphabetic cipher
Why don't we use bcrypt and scrypt together?
FEAL-4 Wrong outputs of Round Functions
If a cipher has key length shorter than plaintext, then it is not perfectly secure
What does “nonlinear mapping” mean?
How to guarantee every plaintext is in a rainbow table?
Fast AES-128 on 32 bits encryption
Is this chat protocol safe?
Is there a string that's hash is equal to itself?
Key escrow on indistinguishability games
advantages of hashing over elliptic curve signatures for a proof of work protocol
Does AES CTR mode store header information in encrypted files?
Most efficient conceivable padding mode, and with no padding oracle
How do I generate a number for a lottery and later proves its existence
Does this guarantee a unique 32 bit Hash?
Session based AES with random key and static salt
Linear transformation proof
Can adding nonces make challenge response authentications weaker?
side channel attacks on AES
Weak key schedule IDEA
FEAL-4 Fk Function 4 Rounds
Do I need an IV to use AES-CTR as a CSPRNG?
how to find key matrix in hill cipher
RFC3447 OBJECT IDENTIFIER semantic
How costly is to find millions of large prime numbers for RSA?
How exactly does AES-NI work?
Is .NET DESCryptoServiceProvider secure in this case?
What is meaning of "Decipher the rest of the message by deducing additional words"?
Breaking RSA moduli
Do Export Restrictions Still Apply To The Key Length of RC4?
Security analysis of Spritz?
How secure is bit level permutation?
Block Cipher Modes
Serpent 256bit key wrong round keys
Serpent Cipher 128bits (Example rounds on any plaintext/key)
How does MD5 process text which is shorter than 512 bits
Using C_Sign to create a PKCS7 signature
Is it possible to demonstrate that md5(x) != x for any x?
SpongeWrap without padding and frame bit
How do RSA and ElGamal key sizes compare?
Where did the SHAKEs come from in SHA3?
How can convert affine to Jacobian coordinates?
Encrypt a Zip File with Caesar Cipher
Is it possible to 'fake' time for TOTP? (Time-based One-time Password)
How to compute the decompositions used in fast FHE bootstrapping?
online Vickrey auction using remote coin flip
Forward Secrecy with pseudorandom functions
Bouncy Castle and Salsa 20
Adding tweak to a block cipher
How to use the key from a Diffie Hellman exchange?
How to calculate the entropy of passwords?
Does NSS fully implement PKCS 11?
Generic group model: use of polynomials in the proof of the master theorem
Database row level encryption scheme
Are LFSRs enough for this?
Key management protocol for end-to-end security on Advanced Metering Infrastructure
Can Diffie-Hellman be scaled up or force-multiplied?
Is it safe to derive a password from a signature provided by ssh-agent?
Is it true the longer the key length is the more secure the encryption?
How to encrypt letters less than block n using Hill Cipher
Is there any existing cipher capable of scaling from a 1 bit key up to a one-time-pad?
Output of a Feistel network with all "0" round function
Encrypted read-only message queue
Elliptic curve parameters
AES: Guess Password using the unencrypted text?
Does the following linear equation hold in bilinear pairings?
What is the history of recommended RSA key sizes?
Use of ElGamal encryption for signature generation
Comparing Files: Is it better to use multiple hash algorithms or just one?
Is it just as difficult to find a desired output in a hash digest, for MSB vs LSB?
Cryptography system that limits the length of the encypted message
Compare two approaches for cracking RSA key
How does TLS_FALLBACK_SCSV help?
How do you test randomness?
I need to know number of encryption/decryption operations?
Encrypting twice with different modes?
Chess Grandmaster Problem and "Valid" Attacks on Zero-Knowledge Proofs of Identity
Prove that the affine cipher over Z26 has perfect secrecy if every key is used with equal probability of 1/312
HMAC_DRBG Generate Process: requesting N bytes at once different from requesting N bytes in total?
blowfish ecb with openssl doesn't give the expected result
Existential Unforgeability of signature scheme against Adaptive Chosen Message Attack
What does "learnable with oracle queries" mean?
Implementation of garbled circuits using RSA
Why can't garbled circuits be reused?
MD5 update functions
Does the transposition cipher have a network application?
problem with "one time pad"
Can we run a probabilistic function on ciphertext with Functional Encryption (or Attribute Based Encryption)?
ZIP 2.0 encryption bruteforce attack
Security of chameleon hash functions
Does a stream cipher require a KDF when it's key is variable length?
Protection of Elliptic Curve Implementations against side-channel attacks
Small Prime Difference in RSA
To prove $r_2$ is a uniformly at random value in $Z_n$, where $r_2=r_1 . m$
Does google's Crypto.JS AES encryption use PBKDF2 as default?
Encrypt a file for random access but only after an initial read of the whole file
Proof that counter mode of operation and CBC mode are CPA secure when pseudorandom permutations?
Prepending random data to encrypted file
How secure is a pronounceable password in terms of entropy?
Where is defined the fact of having a "learning" and "challenge" phase in cryptography proofs?
What is the use of Mersenne Primes in cryptography
Convert message to polynomial NTRU
Format Preserving Encryption for 32 or 64 bit plaintext values
Secure way to derive separate encryption and MAC keys from a single master key?
Operation which needs much computing power to be created, but just a little to be solved?
How are salt values more secure?
Recover plaintext in passive attack of RSA of coprime public key
Is AES's parity key-dependent?
Does the size of a ECDSA key determine the hash algorithm?
What can be learned from the ciphertext of LibSodium's crypto_box_detached()?
DES-X , computation load and storage
Large file validation on an embedded system through hash and encryption
Is there any probabilistic version of RSA?
What do you call one time pad where pseudo-random numbers are used?
How secure is a lagged fibonacci sequence for encrypting brief messages?
Efficiently show/prove knowledge of third party secret without leaking information
Use cases and implementations of RSA CRT
Is it safe to salt a MAC?
A one way Function provably reversible at N applications with the same seed?
Infer encoding mechanism from $n$-grams distance?
Monoalphabetic cipher key
Frequency analysis of Vigenere Cipher
Isn't Groth-Sahai proof system applicable beyond Bilinear groups?
Client-server communication
What is a q-type assumption?
The Boneh-DeMillo-Lipton fault attack (RSA CRT)
Are there any many to one encryption frameworks available?
RSA CRT modulo reduction
RSA prove $a^{\varphi(n)/g} \equiv 1 \pmod{n}$
rsa public and private keys
public key certificate on TLS/SSL
Interpretation of the results of NIST (p)NRG suite
Why does NTRUEncrypt lack a formal security proof?
A simple attack on DESX in time $2^{120}$
About the Algebraic Normal Form (ANF) of S-Box in DES
Encryption algorithm designed to be easy to decrypt by machine but impractical to decrypt by hand
Why does openssl use SHA1 in ECC when I use secp384r1 curve
Understanding Twist Security with respect to short Weierstrass curves
What are these twist attacks with cost $2^{58.4}$ on NIST P-224 curve, and when do they apply?
How can a good pseudo-random number generator be made?
What are SNARKs?
Encrypting twice with same key gives back plain text
Direct sum of Binary numbers In Mixcolumns
Password generation/storage scheme
Public key encryption without ciphertext expansion
Serpent 256bit Non bit sliced version (Table Sbox/IP/FP/LT/ILT) (Non-bitslice notation rules)
DLOG in $\mathbb{F}_{p^n}^*$?
Is equal length of primes in Paillier cryptosystem is mandate for security reasons?
Why develop new stream ciphers when block ciphers can be trivally made into streams?
Symmetric vs non-symmetric pairing based crypto
Low exponent attack against RSA
Are there any digital signature algorithms in common use that result in 32-byte signatures?
RSA signature scheme
Why is it hard to calculate Logarithm on Diffie Hellman?
AES-- Brute force attack versus Known plain text attack
RSA Decryption given n, e, and phi(n)
How to figure out the size of the output of a cryptographic checksum function
Type of cipher used where ciphertext has no discernible pattern, spaces. Type?
Simplest code for 64-bit block RSA-like encryption/decryption and key generation
what is contained in a public key certificate
CRC32 vs. low 32 bits of cryptographic hash
What, cryptographically speaking, is a "long message"?
Show that the equal difference property exits for a modified DES encryption system
When homomorphic encryption goes wrong?
Security of RSA with $\gcd(pq, (p-1)(q-1))\ne 1$
Can public key be recovered from ciphertext & encrypted private key?
Crypto libary with Commutative Encryption
Why do we need password in a server which uses TLS?
Is a RSA 2048 bits public key secure
Is python a secure programming language for cryptography?
AES: Changing plaintext to state
How can a good encryptor be made?
how to calculate non linearity of AES S-box?
How represent message in Menezes–Vanstone elliptic curve cryptography
How do I safely anonymize/hash a unique identifier to protect privacy?
Complexity of preimage resistance
NRPAD and FPAD padding schemes (Korean Seed?)
Is Paillier cryptosystem commutative?
File format of an $2048$ bits RSA public key
Showing that $2^{N-1}\equiv1\pmod N$ when $N=2^p-1$ for prime $p$
Can DH_anon really be exploited by an attacker?
AES mix column stage
Is splitting AES ecrypted data safe?
Brute Force AES Calculations
Is XCBC where k2 and k3 might be the identical, secure?
How good is middle cube method with jumbled digits?
Using same key for encryption and ECBC-MAC k2
Is $(f(X), G(X))$ pseudorandom?
Multi-round Transposition/Playfair as a secure hand cipher in the computer age
RC4 encryption/ decryption with hashing
Cryptosystems used to generate public key certificate
Is SEAL 3.0 broken?
The use of the term "sound" in cryptography
Timing Attack on OpenSSL by Brumley
Square roots, prime factorization
NIST implementation of the Lucas primality test
Is a die implemented in a physics engine truly random?
What is more secure, a ciphertext encrypted with AES-256 or encrypted with 3 different AES-128 keys?
Understanding Cryptography practically
In RSA, why does Alice's $N$ need to be relatively prime to Bob's $N$?
What is the most computationally efficient way of generating pseudo-random permutations?
Encrypting with Davies-Meyer hash function scheme
Proving that a function is not invert-able (one way function)
Homomorphic proxy re-signature
Cracking secret key of a MD5 hash?
What does "circuits" mean in Cryptography?
Is it possible to decrypt the entire message with one half of the key in this example?
Davies-Meyer Hash Function
Repeated XOR decryption
Are there some problems to use pseudo-random number generator in Smart Card?
Available programs that can verify the working of a simple substitution cipher
Random Permutation polynomial
Zero Knowledge Example using discrete log
Which attacks are possible against raw/textbook RSA?
What is the value of Q such that Q|P-1 where P is a prime number?
Why do we need to compute message digest of a message first while signing it?
Why is g is less than p in Diffie-Hellman?
As a cryptographer, what are the things I should care about in my implementation of pairing functions?
What does $\mathbb Z_p^*$ contain?
Signature scheme doesn't seem to hold
RSA: Fermat-Euler Theorem - coprimality of message and modulus
Determining message given cipher-text and public key
Extending key sizes in Salsa20 and ChaCha?
How can I prove CPA secure by using a new scheme gen,enc,dec from GEN,ENC,DEC?
Does the SSH protocol preserve integrity if an endpoint is cloned?
Storing salts and iteration number?
what is SALSA20 Nonce and its requirements
Are modified implementations of cryptographic algorithms a good idea?
Opinion on my idea for storing credit cards securely
Storing AES encrypted RSA private keys on a server
IPsec authentication and encryption lgorithms
Can hashing become encrypting?
Are all block ciphers FPE (format preserving encryption)?
What is "electronic" in electronic codebook (ECB)?
TLS - self encrypting to avoid tls setup, secure?
Encryption in which ciphertext is bigger than plaintext?
Why is this cryptosystem insecure?
How to perform frequency analysis of a substitution cipher using a Base64 alphabet
what are the security benefits of LUKS?
Can RSA signing be implemented on top of RSA encryption/decryption?
ASCII input to HMAC weaker than raw bytes?
Using bcrypt derived keys for encryption?
Permutation parity after cycle-walking
What is the use of segments in Cipher Feedback Mode (CFB)
Why has SSL v3 not yet been upgraded to a higher version with stronger principles, what are the dependencies and issues to do so?
How are non-text files encrypted?
Are post-quantum cryptographic ciphers *also* secure if the P=NP conjecture holds true?
CSPRNG's (ELI5) What's the purpose of multiple seeds/ regenerating sources of entropy (i.e. /dev/random)?
Blowfish ECB mode: Tools for known-plaintext attack?
Verifiable, Distributed Secret Santa Assignments
AES with weak keys
Strange MAC algorithm
Condition on Vector Boolean Function to be Bijective
Perfectly secret cipher can leak about the key?
Consequences of AES without any one of its operations
What is primary security in ECC?
The Inhomogeneous Short Integer Solution (ISIS) problem with a clue
CCA security of a system that splits messages and encrypts each packet
Fairness in cryptography
How can CBC-MAC be secure when message length is fixed?
Best practices (if any) to add metadata to encrypted files
How many of primitive point on the elliptic curve?
Key derivation for AES-Encryption key and HMAC
Why we can't implement AES 512 key size?
Complexity to find an preimage of a hash function
How does chosen ciphertext attack on Elgamal work?
Why is Poly1305 popular given its 'sudden death' properties?
Checking both Quadratic residuosity and Jacobi symbol simultaneously and efficiently
Block cipher to encrypt 8 bytes/64 bits - Use 64 or 128 bit cipher?
Secure symmetric encryption algorithm for any-size base62 data
extract ciphertext from encrypted SMIME file
Why sorting is needed for Meet-in-the-middle attack
fully homomorphic encryption (FHE)
plaintext distribution ,perfect secrecy cryptosystem
OpenSSL RSA same plaintext but different ciphertext
BruteForcer XOR (bfxor.exe) to attack 64-bit keys and longer
Secure Multiparty Sum in malicious model using threshold encryption
Collision resistant hash functions
Many single-time use keys encryption scheme (not Shamir's Shared Secret)
Key generation in Digital Signature Algorithm
Solving a quadratic equation for a variant of Rabin
How to determine the signature type of RSA with a hash function?
Bouncy jdk 1.51 Serpent KAT tests vs Nessie vectors
How can I start the following crypto project?
special public keys and modulo n
Malicious DH groups
Interactive assumptions not falsifiable?
CP-ABE: structure of the secret key SK
How many characters per block in an El Gamal ECC cryptosystem?
Elliptic curve trapdoor function without modular arithmetic?
Is there a way to systematically calculate the public exponent $e$ in RSA?
Do data-dependent rotations have any advantage over fixed rotations?
Is the output of AES-CBC + MAC the same size as the input?
What happens when cbc+hmac get a replay attack?
if using cbc+hmac dealing with small size of data(less than 128bit) , will it cause any problem?
Encryption of big files in Java with AES/GCM
How to handle authenticated encryption for big files?
DHE key exchange. Is it really secure?
Where have all the cypherpunks gone?
Modes of encryption for hard drives?
AES - Encrypting multiple blocks of files
To prove $r \cdot f_1 +f_2 \cdot (s+1)$ is secure
Is there an "additive" proof-of-work?
Availability of a simple limited PRNG algorithm
Proving correctness of a decryption of a homomorphically summed ciphertext?
Is there a Javascript and Java implementation of a good CSPRNG
Verbatim of early work on public-key cryptography?
What is the difference between order of base point and curve order in EC?
Are all binary-additive stream ciphers reciprocal?
Hybrid fair exchange protocol
Hash collision using the leading 40-bits of SHA-1
Designing hash function in space-efficient identity based encryption
What Java actually stores inside Keystore when generating Keys?
Can a secret message be securely transmitted within a MAC tag?
Gap problem for Learning With Errors
Python. RSA common modulus attack problem
Addition / Multiplication modulo 13
Real life systems that use concepts of crypto computing
How does hash function in Elgamal signature scheme prevent existential forgery attack?
Private Information Retrieval--Is it still theoretical?
Building a pad for OTP on-the-fly with Diffie-Hellman
Recovering El Gamal secret key from signatures
El gamal correctness
Inverse of a function $f_k(x) := f (x ⊕ k) ⊕ k$
Efficient proof of knowledge using Wegman-Carter hash
Less known hash functions producing 128 bit hash
Where to store the file extension to retrieve it correctly after decryption
Cracking plain RSA by factoring the modulus n
what are multi-primes and how are they different from semiprimes?
simulating rc4-256 with rc4-128
Sharing an encrypted file between a group of people
Elliptical curve cryptography key generation time
CoAP authentication using DTLS
Computation indistinguishability questions
Minimum number of independent trials needed to detect a bias
Repeatedly using same key on different plaintexts
can you suggest any applicayion for implementing threshold homomorphic encryption cryptosystem(Paillier cryptosystem)
Maximum length in bits of the product n=pq
Meaning of Multiplicative Group to the power n i.e. Z^n
RSA OAEP: prevention of partial decryption of ciphertexts
Is the Vigenère Cryptosystem malleable?
Collision in Merkle–Damgård without a collision in compression function
How Brittle Are LCG-Cracking Techniques?
Does MD5 hash have quasi commutative property?
How to establish if a string contains a message
Finding Elliptical curve points and encoding text using them
secure embedded/microcontroller crypto using AES-ctr with hmac-sha2
Verifying DER encoded DSA/ECDSA signature with extra content?
Issue about randomness : what if random looks "human" ?
Is there an alternative AES schedule?
Why are there limitations on using encryption with keys beyond certain length?
Does SHA-1 hash have quasi commutative property?
transforming RC2 keys to have effective minimum length in implementations with fixed effective lengths
block cipher algorithms with variable block lengths
RFC 6979 - Why not simply hash the message & the private key for deterministic ECDSA?
Corporate PKI - SHA1 deprecation
In cryptographic protocols, what protects against an attacker dropping messages?
Rounds in cryptography
Generation of strong primes
how to represent message as an integer between $1$ and $n-1$
Requirement for the length of a HMAC tag?
Is this problem based on a known hard problem?
suitable programming language for cryptography algorithms
RSA Cryptosytsem, choosing $e$
Implementing a pseudo random function in practice
ECC - ElGamal with Montgomery or Edwards type curves (curve25519, ed25519) - possible?
SHA1 - SSL/TLS Cipher Suite
Definition of "pepper" in hash functions
Does Ed25519 support cryptographic threshold signatures?
Reversing a Psuedo Crytographic Hash
practical use of homomorphic encryption
Creating serial key generator using ECDSA, how to get signature short enough?
Choosing an optimal generator for an irreducible polynomial over a binary field?
Repeating something encrypted and non-encrypted?
Using the same symmetric key in both directions?
Is double hashing collision resistant?
I don't care about replay attacks. What should I do with the nonce in nacl?
How exactly is the output of the XOR step in PBKDF2 used?
What cipher algorithm is this routine using?
Will X9.31 remain a secure & acceptable deterministic random generator beyond 2015?
Oblivious transfer variation question
What approach is used here?
Point decompression on an elliptic curve
Why is proving "parties' views are simulatable" enough in semi-honest model?
Arithmetic modulo 1
Using machine-learning techniques for data-dependent operations in ciphers
Retrieve timestamp from TOTP value
Roots in modulo field
Generating an RSA public key certificate (.pem) from only a modulus
Is any group of bits in a SHA-1 hash more/less unique than another?
Secure double encryption using CPA and CCA
SHA-1 collisions - what about practical attacks?
Is there (this) a case in which salting is dispensable?
Is the salt used with PBKDF2 secret?
Modulo Square Roots
What is the functional role of CKY-I and CKY-R in ISAKMP (IKEv1)?
Memory-expensive hash from an array of hashes?
DES key complementation property
Block size vs key size confusion
Asymmetric encryptions' computational complexity
HMAC ipad and opad choice
MD-compliant hashes don't really accept arbitary length input, do they?
Timelock puzzle improvment
Polynomial Inversion over Galois Field
Use of the master key in Delerablée's Identity-based Broadcast Encryption
Looking For Additively Homomorphic Encryption
CBC-R when IV unknown
Is a strong block cipher usable as a strong sponge function?
Is it necessary, that the public key is a prime number in the RSA algorithm?
Fermats Little Theorem, primitive root
Explanation of the Fiat-Shamir heuristic
Voting system validation
CAST-256 (CAST6) versions or S-Boxes
processing time for multiplication and exponentiation in pairing base cryptography
what is the benefit of lcm in cryptography?
Cocks IBE Scheme: why is -a a quadratic residue mod n?
Polynomial Modulus
Statistical properties of hash functions when calculating modulo
Proving the semantic security of the One Time pad
Difference between Symmetric and Asymmetric. Is this answer correct, based on a written test?
Probability of factoring keys as a function of bit length
rotational cryptanalysis on modulo multiplication?
2048-bit RSA Decryption
RSA or Paillier is good?
PRG variant as a commitment scheme
cipher inside and image
Group description in pairing based cryptography
Is xgcd faster than Fermat for calculating $d$ in RSA?
What are the potential (major) flaws in this security scheme?
Reduced message expansion in NTRU
Crack RSA with imaginary algorithm
Recovering a constant salt for MD5
Decrypt all RSA ciphertexts if you can break 1% of them
How does Schnorr signature actually work?
RSA-blind signatures vs. DSA-blind signatures
Why do we have fixed output length in the algorithm SHA1
Is it safe to AES-CBC and AES-CMAC both using the same key?
Looking for a secure PRNG that I can implement in hardware
Base64 with shuffled alphabet
N way collision of hashes
RSA Protocol behind Yaksha Security System
Polynomial division hardware implementation
What would be the best plain text Cryptography method without the use of a computer?
Malleability of homomorphic encryption
At what point does passphrase strength match the strength of the cipher?
How to customize a standard encryption algorithm?
request for data to test deterministic ecdsa signature algorithm for secp256k1
What is the difference between uniformly and at random in crypto definitions?
"Kernel attack" on MinRank -- why do we guess $\left\lceil \frac k n \right\rceil$ vectors?
How do we find the subkey out of a differential cryptanalysis?
Extending pseudorandom generator by one bit using exclusive-or of previous bits
Build set with PKI from reliable broadcast / random beacon
Why is authenticated CFB mode insecure?
one time pad regarding
Dancing confusion with Daniel J. Bernstein's stream ciphers
Does RSA operate over a Finite Field (Galois Field)?
Perfect secrecy of a crypto system
Secure multiparty computation of conjunction
Possible hashing scheme
Why are primes important for encryption
Security of DES P_BOX
Attacker in a key exchange
The purpose of the final xor in Davies–Meyer scheme
Signature verification with only hash (without full data)
What is the fixed point attribute of DES (when used with weak-keys)
what are the plaintext's for the RC4 stream cipher test vectors in RFC6229?
Are there signatures that don't have subliminal channels?
How to implement homomorphic multiplication for Elgamal?
OpenSSL des-ede3 not producing same output as test vector implies it should be
How to use ElGamal to encrypt zero?
Protecting a short password
Formal relationship between encryption and random number generators?
Which multiplicatively homomorphic encryption scheme supports encryption of 0?
How can a cryptosystem be unconditionally secure?
Post-quantum hybrid encryption
Alternative encryption algorithm
Best hash-algorithm
Find private exponent in RSA
What makes an algorithm "fast in software" vs. "fast in hardware"?
Can a cryptosystem be unconditional secure if the same key $k \in \mathcal K$ is used for more than one encryption?
Does a cryptosystem provide unconditional security if and only if it provides perfect secrecy?
KPA on Feistel cipher?
How were shift amount constants in MD5 found?
Why shouldn't I use ECB encryption?
Viability of an "Unconventional" Hashing Scheme?
Specific example of a MAC in TLS?
For which RSA moduli, precisely, is $e=d$ for all $e$?
Is AES-GCM length extension attack possible using authenticated decryption?
PBKDF vs HKDF for pretty long key
Encrypting decryption key
power consumption in a XOR
Obliviously computing the Least common multiple of two poylnomials
Associative but NOT Commutative Reducing Function Construction with Existing Hash Function(s)
Calculate number of chips to solve bit commitment using hash function
Proving the existence of a pseudorandom function
Brute force against computational security
How many times can a key be used for HMAC-SHA256 before it needs to be rotated?
Do Brute-Force Attacks and Cryptanalysis refute Kerckhoffs's principle?
Modular Reduction of polynomials in GF(2^m)
Significance of 3mod4 in squares and square roots mod n?
Second pre-image resistance vs Collision resistance
how to let other people respond to emails only decrypt-able with my private key
Security concern about reducing hash value using modulo operation
test vectors for 3DES seem to in fact be testing DES - not 3DES
Embedded devices Authentication, Integrity and Confidentiality
Chosen plaintext vs Chosen ciphertext
Encryption and HMAC in a PSKC file
What is Initialization vector (IV)
Which Block cipher mode should I use?
Why would an Initialization Vector be supplied externally?
Luby-Rackoff on Feistel ciphers
Prime Numbers in Discrete Log
Diffusion in Stream Cipher
Can I simulate iterated AES-ECB with other block cipher modes?
What are the security implications of multiple hashing?
Power analysis and exponentiation by squaring
How are random numbers for RSA generated?
Is there a way to "shorten" a Merkle chain?
Do I have to transfer the private key to digitally sign a remote document?
DES generating the same ciphertext for different plaintexts and identical key
Solving Quadratic equations in Galois Field (2^163)
Formal proof of theorem concerning the Random Oracle Model
Possible to know who is the owner of a message encrypted with RSA public key
Attack an stream cypher using 2 XORed LFSRs
What cryptography is suitable to motivate High School students to learn math?
Preventing Quantum Attacks on Cryptography
Is the DES F-function injective for a given subkey?
Can we quantify strength of encryption scheme ?
PRNG determinism?
Attribute-based broadcast encryption with respect to ABE
Discrete logarithm modulo a smooth number
What is the SSL private key file format?
can anyone give the java code to encrypt files using paillier
Is it possible to decrypt this message with partially known data?
How to use HMAC for authenticating multiple messages
Asymmetric sign in public enviroment
Is BBS used for generation of keys for any modern cryptosystem?
Is AES_CMAC specified to double ciphered zeroes during initialization?
Are there cryptographic hash functions which do not have any collisions?
Size of a MAC for a quickly checked message?
(Re-)Using deterministic IV in CTR mode / How to: deterministic AES
If I know the salt, can I decrypt the commitment?
Smart Card - Entropy during on-board public key generation
How exactly to extract information base 10 from a PGP RSA key pair?
what is it called when encrypt('a') || encrypt('a') == encrypt('aa')?
Plaintext XOR'd with keylength-shifted plaintext
Adding a Password Hash (key derivation) function to existing password storage solution
Post processing of AAD and len A||C in a hardware AES GCM implementation
Finding discrete logarithm with baby-step-giant-step algorithm
Relations between RSA and DLOG, factoring and DLOG
C# implementation of curve25519 to ed25519 conversions
RSA - Why should we sign hash rather than raw content?
How are calculated numbers in AES S-box?
Why are there no MACs inspired by block cipher modes other than CBC and CFB?
How does ECDH arrive on a shared secret?
How to calculate AES logarithm table?
Transforming a key into a seed with the most entropy
Performance bottlenecks in Paillier encryption
Is my method symmetric encryption?
What is a good way to demonstrate elliptic curve cryptography?
Analyzing security flaws of cipher
How to roll my own hardware RNG?
Why is the private key generated first in public key crypto?
Is adaptive security the same as full security?
What is the keyspace of ROT-13?
How many bits of entropy would I get from 300 coin tosses?
NTRU key generation
Difference between statistical PRNG and cryptographic PRNG?
Encryption for a short packet size
Share encrypted files without giving master key
Loss of data due to encryption
Sophie Germain primes and safe primes
Public key encryption
Deduplication: Encrypting the SHA-256 hash of a file chunk
Why are cryptographically secure hashes required for digital signing (RSA or DSA)?
Many Time Attack
Split 32-bit LFSR into two 16-bit LFSR which xor to same sequence
Random Galois fields
Hardness of problem related to bilinear pairings
CBC with a fixed or random IV
Variant of the Decisional Bilinear Diffie Hellman problem
Are there any known inverse hash lookups for the zero string?
What is the algorithm behind PasswordDeriveBytes?
Key derivation of public key without knowledge of private key
Discrepancy with reported key size for EDE ciphers in Qualys SSL Labs
subgroup of quadratic residue
Montgomery Algorithm
How secure is file header encryption for large files?
Which block cipher mode does the experts use?
Problem with implementing DES in python
Possible to use an accumulator to "license" or restrict the qty of certificates being used?
Remove padding (CBC) from decrypted text
How much (home PC) CPU time is required to generate a prime number of a given size?
Question about key verification
Unique assignment of X.509 certificate to each client
Strength of RSA with OAEP
Is there a client-side program to cryptography a HTML page and decode if correct password is writen?
How to implement the Salsa20 hash function?
private keys for multiple devices
Difference between Pseudorandom Function vs randomly chosen function
Effect of CFB IV reuse
Is changing $H(R\mathbin{\Vert}A\mathbin{\Vert}M)$ to $H(R\mathbin{\Vert}A\mathbin{\Vert}H(M))$ in EdDSA secure?
Isn't the security of EC curve 25519 126 bits?
What is the difficulty of DLP in GF(P^Q) with a subgroup with a prime order of L
Why is EdDSA collision-resilient with SHA-512?
Where are the ChaCha20 test vectors/examples?
Using hash of plaintext as nonce in NaCl secretbox- bad idea?
Integrity protection in wireless sensor networks
Can one deduce the symmetric key size used to encrypt a given a piece of ciphertext?
Automated testing of cipher security for import/export compliance
Difference between Hash function and Random Oracle
Comparison among algorithm based on key length
What is the importance of adding round key in AES
The perfect way of using IV in CTR mode
ASN.1 encoding off RSASSA-PSS default parameters
Combining a keystream generator with a block cipher
Factors of RSA modulus
How to find the factors of the modulus?
What cryptanalysis is possible against two independent keystreams XORed against plaintext?
Programming language for modular arithmetic over large numbers
white-box cryptography and its applications
Key Recovery Smart-Vercauteren SWHE
How bad would it be to reuse the random blinding factor in a scheme like Paillier?
Updating the secret key used for HMAC
Formal security of recycled random blinding in a Paillier scheme
Hash which can be used to verify one of multiple inputs?
What are the current limitations (and capabilities) of Functional Encryption used for access control?
TimeStamp in Cache-time attacks on AES
What kind of attack does the current brokenness of SHA-1 allow?
PKI Infrastructure
Confused with the role of AES round keys
Is RSA with SHA1 broken?
open source whitebox-crypto implementation
Unbreakable code and mathematical impossibility
Nonces being used in SSL and MAC to prevent replay attacks
Public key encryption and big files with NaCL
Can AES in CCM or GCM counter mode interoperate with AES in "plain" counter mode (CTR)?
RSA public key exponent generation confusion
How does bitmessage encryption work?
Is ASCON cipher broken?
Help converting sha256 to 32-bit stream
I have a keyword and cipher text but cannot decode it please help!
Exploration of Blum Micali Security By Seed Size
Pollard's Rho - Restricting the random function to the exponents
RSA signing security
What if OT breaks in Yao's garbled circuit?
Verifying identity using a sha-1 hash
How to implement HMAC SHA-256
Performing HMAC with random key before MAC comparison
Why are some x-coordinates unsuitable for an ECDSA generator point?
Why should I use X.509 Authentication over PKC based Authentication?
Feldman's VSSS: Showing the Correctness of shares that are Consistent
Differential Privacy and appropriate noise distribution
chacha20-poly1305 padding and length encoding
RSA Key generation: How is multiplicative inverse computed?
Two questions on EMSA-PKCS1-v1_5
Montgomery and Galois fields
Hiding and Binding key in Groth-Sahai NIZK proof system
Practical Attack on RSA
Is there a kind of OS entropy pool on Windows systems?
HMAC-Ripemd-160 in TrueCrypt
Why can't I use ECB with some obfuscation for transient RAM?
BEAST attack confusion
wireless network security protocol
Is RC4 +XOR secure for small data?
Secure way to encrypt and decrypt a folder on Mac or Linux?
How does cryptanalysis of the Playfair cipher work?
Is it an example of bilinear pairing?
Why the data length is shifted 3-bit in MD4 Java implementation?
How does RSA padding work exactly?
Reusing one-time-pad with random plaintext
Simple message authentication code
Security aspects of using a global values as nonce and additional data for AES?
display an image encrypted with ECB
Should the nonce passed to GCM be authenticated?
Security issues for integrating AAA and OTP services
How much work is required to find multiple collisions for a hash function?
Is it possible to perform one-way Diffie-Hellman MITM?
Finding strong primes
ElGamal and Schnorr groups
Combined message separation?
Why is factoring $p-1$ easy when $p$ is a safe prime?
Converting a number to a member of a multiplicative cyclic group
Spritz cipher sponge function capacity
What is contained in a RSA key file?
Achieving 32-bit verification code with 16-bit CRC?
Is it possible: Derived key based on variable number of private keys?
Cipher for human interpretation
Is it a variant of Strong RSA assumption?
Will current encryption always remain secure? Is there mathematical proof?
Decrypt files with original file CTB-Locker
RSA: how does it work and how is it more secure than symmetric systems
How does BLAKE2 ensure that hash(A) != hash(B) when B = A||0 and both A & B have the same number of blocks?
Proving that an encryption scheme is susceptible to certain attacks
In ECC, how do I prove that point addition is commutative?
Why can't you just clone encrypted data and use it?
Is signing a message just encrypting it with private key?
Is there a strong cryptographic reason for GCM's 2^39 - 256 bit limit?
Hardness assumptions on composite order bilinear groups
How are the AES inverse S-Boxes calculated?
Problem in understanding Blakley's Secret Sharing Scheme
Why isn't CTR mode (counter mode) used more often?
With wrong IV at receiver side, the CFB in better than OFB?
Negative exponents in Shoup's threshold RSA?
Is this a valid "fix" for deterministic encryption in encrypted databases?
Is there a strong cryptographic reason for GCM's 2^39 - 256 bit limit?
x509 Certificate Signature
Generate secure password hashes without access to PBKDF2 or bcrypt
Applications of GF(p) polynomials
RSA: How effective is this keypair-trash attack
How do I communicate the value of the initialization vector to the end user? Should it be part of the encrypted message?
1 Billion Bit Encryption?
Any ideas on login using Digital Signature PKCS
Definition of the Decryption oracle
Usage of GF(p^m) fields, where p != 2
Merkle hash tree updates
How secure is it to use password as AES key?
How hard is it to find plaintexts whose hashes satisfy $h(a)\oplus h(b)=h(c)$?
Is there a reference that prove that the AES Key Schedule generate random looking round keys?
Reducing key shares in Damgård-Dupont threshold RSA
One time pad probability
Do any stream ciphers with aperiodic keystreams exist?
Proof that $gcd(e, \lambda(N)) = 1 \hspace{1mm} \Longleftrightarrow \hspace{1mm} gcd(e, \varphi(N)) = 1$
One-way function definition
Parallel Pollard's Rho: Number of distinguished points
Why is it a quadratic equation?
XOR cipher with three different ciphertexts and repeated key, key length known. How do I find the plaintexts?
Non-repudiation and digital signature of a dishonest participant
Generation of a cyclic group of prime order
Why does the DES crypto algorithm NOT use 2 rounds?
Existence of encryption schemes where $F_{k}^{-1} \big( F_{k}(A) + R \big) = A + O(R)$
Decrypt a message which is encrypted using XOR?
Definition of ciphertext security
Multiple encryption of part of block
CPA security of a stateless and deterministic encryption system
What is the difference between a hash function and a pseudorandom function?
SHA1 Partial Collision
How do you derive the lambda and beta values for endomorphism on the secp256k1 curve?
Python implementation of a blind signature scheme which doesn't involve RSA
RSA generation of private key using public key
PRF based on the GGM construction
Using Permutation polynomial to compute a MAC
Weak Boneh-Boyen Signature in Composite order group
Automatic generation of secure passwords with the least inconvenience for a user
Counter Mode with a sequence of zeros bits plaintext, is it secure?
How can data be encrypted in a client-server application so only clients can read it?
How fast would a polynomial time factoring algorithm compute?
Does using modulo (%) affect quality of randomness?
What does K stand for in frequency analysis
Generating cyclic group for Ciphertext-Policy Attribute-Based Encryption
Noisiest RF band for random number generation
Sage Vs C++(with NTL) for implementing cryptosystems
Can you exchange a shared key without any hardness assumptions?
What key length has to be send to a recipient when using a stream cipher?
Is there any advantage on encrypting the CMAC together with the message?
Given $g^a, g^b, g^c, g^{1/b}$, is it hard to distinguish $e(g, g)^{abc}$ from a random value?
Why is knowing M not enough to break Blum Blum Shub?
Misunderstanding Broadcast Encryption
Trivium example
Is $f(x)\oplus x$ a one-way function?
Additional Data in AEAD (Chacha20-poly1305 libsodium)
Boneh-Boyen like signature scheme
Hash function as secure as one-time pad?
OpenSSL encrypted text length
Simple multiplication as an encryption method
Parameters for elliptic curve prime192v3
In a group, is it hard to calculate the base $g$ given $g^a$ and $a$?
Are passwords generated from sine vulnerable to certain attacks?
How does CTR-ESSIV work?
Finding $x$'s parity in the discrete log problem
Simplified Example of ECC to use in the classroom
Are Barreto-Naehrig Curves suitable for pairing-based cryptography?
CBC-MAC: is it secure to authenticate a fixed length ciphertext?
Identity-Based Encryption consist of four algorithms. Extract phase is one of them and it is done by PKG or receiver?
Save the last cycle in GCM GHASH calculation
Key establishment protocols other than Diffie-Hellman
Why does NaCL have different keys for signing and encryption?
Self changeable key
Prime modulus for RSA and sharing a secret?
Is the idea of a known plaintext attack really that new?
Diffie-Hellman Application
FIPS-Compliant SHA2
Deriving a decryption equation
Generic name for (?hash) functions of form $\{0,1\}^n \rightarrow \{0,1\}^{poly(n)}$
Strategies for securing public key storage on software
Attacking multi block MAC constructions
3DES Modes EED orEDE?
Can a tree hash with leaf-size of 1 byte support verification of content with elided ranges, at a cost of at most 2 supplied internal-node hashes?
Is the key deducible with AES CTR when we know about the plaintext, IV and the ciphertext?
Check if this cryptosystem is safe
Why not just encrypt the message and the hash of the message to achieve cryptographic integrity?
Pseudorandom function library
Is the complexity of Caesar (shift) ciphers “n * n!”?
If Blum Blum Shub is modified to use a prime modulus, is it still secure?
Does key derivation with known parameters add any security?
How to construct the blind factors in practice?
Text in random image encoder: is it flawed?
Is Pseudo-Random Generator (PRG) in OpenSSL uniformly distributed?
Java RSA Padding: no libraries used
Explanation of each of the parameters used in ECC
Which characters to take into account when calculating unicity distance?
Symmetric mutual authentication with client using a derived secret
Hashing - Digital Signing and Trivial Stretching
Anonymous Gravatar Problem
Factoring two RSA modulus with known $|p_1 - p_2| < \ell $
How to accurately calculate Unicity Distance for English?
Counter Mode (CTR) and mult-CPA
Evaluating Algebraic Complexity of a S-box
Crypto++: How to re-generate pseudo random integers in Crypto++
Requirement for the exponent generation during DH protocol
How does the attacker include input before compression and encryption in CRIME?
Alternative sources of random numbers
What is the length field in SHA-512 padding?
Decryption of message in IBE without random oracle using bilinear pairing registration?
Questions about updating the secret key of RSA?
How to store and use a Cryptographic Seed in a database
Pseudorandom number generators based on hard problems in mathematics
ECC considered secure in OpenSSL?
Equivalent key size between HMAC and AES?
What prime lengths are used for RSA?
Is it necessary to encrypt nonce in cryptographic communication?
Given infinite unencrypted and encrypted texts, can I find the algorithm?
How many attempts does it take to crack a 32-bit password hash with this scenario?
ECIES with AES-GCM
Crack RSA with additional information
How to show that a function is not a PRP?
Using hashed password as shared secrets. Good or bad idea?
IV's for different AES encryption modes
Is cryptanalysis of CTB-Locker really impossible?
Do all stream ciphers (and AES-128-CTR in particular) produce equal output size as the input size?
Find a polynomial time algorithm for the following problem
Complexity of attacks on affine cipher
What is the period of a cipher?
Key Length vs KeySpace
What are the computational benefits of primes close to the power of 2?
Crypto hash function vs encryption algorithms
What is the polynomial to use in the Massey-Omura cryptosystem?
LUKS multiple key slots - what's the intuition?
Implications of reversing CBC encryption
Hash "Preimage by product" resistance
Why would using a random seed with other variables be bad for ecrypting if you can't guess the key?
Figure out the encryption being used
Convert numeric message from RSA ciphertext to alphabetic
Anonymisation resilient to key leak
Is CAST5 still a secure algorithm to use?
Why don't PyCrypto and M2Crypto produce the same result as OpenSSL here (AES-128 ECB)
Substitution-permutation network
Hill Cipher the point of a known plaintext attack question
Linear Recurrence, keystreams, and periods
Zero Knowledge Non Interactive Proof with random oracle
Schnorr's identication protocol
AES ECB experiment
Reducing size of hash function
Is the result of HMAC-sha256 distinguishable from random noise?
Randomness re-use in LWE encryption scheme
If you know the messages, and the results of HMAC(key, message) can you find the key?
In a additive group is it hard to calculate $bg$ given $ag, g, abg$
encryption of message "DATACONFANTIALITY" with key playfair using playfair cipher
Using hash for one time pad key
Solve the congruence using Pohlig-Hellman algorithm
AES GCM vs other encryption modes in embedded environment for network traffic
ECDSA Public key randomness
RSA Key composition
Reduction of a modular exponentiation's base does not change the result
How to choose an algorithm
What aspect of elliptic curve encryption paradigms makes them especially susceptible to quantum based attack algorithms?
Why is C_digest defined in PKCS#11?
PBKDF2 for login key, scrypt for encryption key
Multiple private keys for single public key
Why are the outputs of the md5sum tool and Crypto++'s MD5 different?
Why can the last block contain a full block of padding in CBC Encryption?
decrypt numbers multiplied by a certain floating point number
Vigenere ciphers : Need help for math analysis
Hashes and Ciphers
Send an encrypted question and return answer without decryption
Standard serialization format for libsodium-based messages
Exponentiation with fully homomorphic encryption
Is this JS library using openssl genrsa -rand improperly?
How does knowing the factorization of N help to obtain the secret?
GCM implementation
ccrypt and its security
Multiple keys for the same ciphertext
Drawback of ElGamal encryption
What are the well known protocols that offer perfect forward secrecy?
What would a backdoor in symmetric key cipher look like?
What do you think about this message encryption?
Would the Fiat Shamir identification scheme be more secure if I design it with an exponents higher than 2?
Differences between Work Factor and Time Complexity
How does $g$ being a generator imply Diffie-Hellman's correctness?
Are there any known weaknesses with ElGamal algorithm?
How obvious is it to decrypt numerics encrypted with a reused one time pad?
Twofish vs. Serpent vs. AES (or a combo)
Calculation of time needed to crack DES with my CPU
How does ccrypt work?
Why would cryptography fall apart if there were a finite number of primes?
Are there cryptographic schemes that mask as unencrypted traffic?
128 bit 3DES Key and AES Key: what's the difference?
What are the steps to decrypt a TLS 1.1 record?
Is format preserving encryption suitable for use with words or names?
How to choose the integer m in the general number field sieve (GNFS)?
One-one correspondance complete function
Signing Files vs. Signing File Hashes
Recombination thresholds in degree reduction of multiplied Shamir shares
What is the advantage of using the socialist millionaire protocol to authenticate vs HMACing some random number?
Will the complement of a 64-bit key and message produce the complement ciphertext if ECB is used in DES?
How to compare between two cryptographic algorithms in terms of security?
Performing differential cryptanalysis for randomly generated S-boxes
DH and PKI for KeyExchange
Koblitz encoding a message to a point, what is the "associated auxiliary base parameter"?
AES as Integer Program
Is CBC theoretically harder to brute force when compared with ECB?
Is the reduction from left-or-right IND-CPA to real-or-random IND-CPA tight?
AES with different modulo operations?
Find the prime factorization in the DLP
AES key from encrypted text and IV
How difficult is it to get a key using simple XOR
AES mode scheme feedback
Defence against timing attacks
Is the half-homomorphic property of RSA a problem for blind RSA signatures?
Will SHA1 or Other Hash Functions Ever Contain Quotes
Is there a format preserving cryptographically secure hash?
Problem with testing MD5 collisions
How do SignRecover and VerifyRecover work?
Separate keys for encryption and MAC?
Can IGE mode be parallelized?
What work goes into creating new asymmetric cryptosystems?
how to integrate 2-3 algorithms to encrypt large data fastly and securely insted using AES?
Why is AES unbreakable?
Known plaintext, unknown 128 bit block cipher
Security implications of public nonce
Keeping the key and IV safe when AES256 encrypting publicly known data
When is a cipher considered broken?
AES-128/192 safer than AES-256 in practice?
CTR HMAC SHA256 implementation
Reusing the random exponent for ElGamal encryption with different plaintexts
what is the current actual budget - as of 2015 - needed to build a DES breaker machine?
Key length requirement in a simple XOR implementation
Can the same random number be used in encryption and signing?
Fault encryption attack on RSA
Encryption scheme that allows compare ciphertexts based on the clear text
Possible to determine the encryption key that was used by knowing the input and output of the encryption mechanism?
What is the probability of finding 4 equal bytes?
Workaround to implementing Forward Secrecy
How to compute accumulated values in bilinear map accumulators
Composing two one-way functions such that the result is not a one-way function
Is creating a own protocol safe or should TLS always be used?
Encrypt-then-MAC: Do I need to authenticate the IV?
Inconsistent terminology for ciphers and algorithms
Is the 1st Encrypted Block Less Secure Than Subsequent Ones?
Repair AES-128 decrypted file
Is this discrete log generalization a well known cryptographic assumption?
Reordering of multiple signed blocks
Why are modes of operation used, what attacks do they prevent?
Self verifying hash algorithm
Can CKM_RSA_PKCS signature be made secure by lowering its maximum input size?
Security of integrity protection with HMAC vs AEAD
What is the difference between any secret sharing scheme and arithmetic secret sharing scheme
Implementing modular reductions (n*n)
Beginner question about secure communication with one user using DES
RSA key pair generation and FIPS 140-2, 186-4
FileVault AES-XTS decryption with cipher text that's missing a part
RSA padding confusion attacks
Of what use is my code for finding prime numbers of a certain size?
Attack on key exchange with authentication
If classical ciphers are used with compressed plaintext, how much does it make frequency analysis attack harder?
WPA and WPS: connection method
Block cipher mode with diffusion on ciphertext
Why is this a fix to Bleichenbacher's attack?
Why are twofish or other algorithms not NIST approved, are they still safe?
Key exchange using hash function
What does variable-base point/scalar multiplication mean in ECC?
How do you break encryption on a message?
What is the benefit of applying the tweak a second time using XTS?
Encryption with a known plaintext
Why does consecutive permutations or consecutive substitutions not enhance security?
Statistical saturation attack on block ciphers
Rijndael S-boxes: Where do the $\mu$ and $\nu$ polynomial ring elements come from?
decrypt a saml 2.0 response having aes 128 and rsa
RSA Decryption from samples
Differential Fault Analysis of AES
Requested to encrypt data with AES256, digital certification, timestamped
why do files downloaded with http and https have the same size?
Steganography Decryption From Completely Black Image
Reusing a one-time pad?
Statistical saturation attack on block ciphers
Where I can find a list of certified software / hardware RNGs compliant to NIST SP 800-22?
What is the most light-weight symmetric cipher thats still usefull?
CCA-attack is possible in RSA, but how the decryption key $d$ is known to anyone
Given only RSA public key parameters, what security issues might I be able to detect?
Can we reverse a hash when we know part of the input?
Resynchronizing brute-force attack against stream ciphers
Why not send the identity in the encrypted message?
Practical strength of non-2^n RSA key lengths
Is RSA-OAEP secure when e=3?
What practical uses can random hash collisions be put to?
Making PRFs out of PRGs
What happens when a RC4 stream gets corrupted?
Concatenation of two strong hashes may have striking weakness
Applying Trapdoor Function directly to plaintext
MAC in SSH packet encryption, benefits to not including it?
How to calculate the non-linearity of an s-box?
Deciphering text encrypted with a changing cipher
Improving on a clocked PRNG
Deterministically generate a RSA public/private key pair from a passphrase (with sufficient entropy)?
ECDSA for encryption
HMAC tag to verify the key (verification in the reverse direction)
Determining nonce between unsynced systems
Do asymmetric signatures require constant-time verification?
Construct rainbow table to break DES for a fixed plaintext
Why is diffie-hellmangroup1-sha1 used instead of diffie-hellman?
How dangerous is it to encrypt with AES 256 if the end user knows the unencrypted value?
How can ECDSA signatures be shortened (to be used as a product key)?
Information-theoretic bound on leakage by timing measurement
RC4 , Is it possible to find the key if we know the plaintext and ciphertext?
Creating a new cipher!
Are factorization algorithms parallelizable?
Is it safe to prefix the a key with a known value?
Replacing the PRF in PBKDF2 with Keccak
Coding of unsigned int to prevent guessing next ID
Is this an example of a zero knowlege proof?
Security of simple Skein PBKDF mentioned in the paper
About the Security of PCBC Encryption Mode
Which algorithm can be performed by humans?
AES product function
Difference between the TLS cipher suites?
What does “invertibility of the cryptographic primitive” mean?
How do you implement a cipher as one lookup table?
Purpose of expanding then shrinking in SHA-1
chaining multiple key derivation functions together
How are RSA and ElGamal compatible in PGP?
credit card number encryption using aes-ctr mode
Is it safe to encrypt data by simply randomizing chunks based on a permutation?
Is it safe to use PBEWithMD5AndDES?
Key Confirmation Attack [Key Distribution Center (KDC)]
What is the best hash for HMAC?
Should I remove these use cases of MD5/SHA1 from my program?
What is this cryptosystem called?
How does ECDHE_RSA key exchange mechanism work?
Why calculate pi to estimate randomness?
Is the SEED blockcipher still secure?
Discrete log accumulator without pairings?
Bit commitment, two blobs with same bit, without revealing it?
Authentication using a one-time pad
Hash function such that fx(hash(s1),hash(s2)) = hash(concat(s1,s2))
Cycles in SHA256
RSA weak padding
Does perfect secrecy imply uniform ciphertext distribution?
zendo data size restrictions
Are modes of operation algorithms practical?
Blum primes [x=3(mod 4)] zero knowledge proof?
NTRU Encryption
Can machine learning analyze random number generator?
Is it secure to transmit a short plaintext with its MAC?
common ways / methods to try to break a SP network
RSA: If I know n, e, p, and q, how do I calculate d using the extended euclidean algorithm?
The effect of truncated hash on entropy
Collision attacks on digital signatures
Regarding NTRU homomorphic properties
Key sizes supported by 3DES
Practical brute-force attack on 128 bit encryption
Zero knowledge of two factor
Is this a valid scheme to authenticate through a 'human-readable' certificate?
Stacked LFSR - why not used?
Prove that if we redefine the key space, we can assume Gen chooses a key uniformly
Building a cryptography system by combining a block cipher and a stream cipher?
Can Poly1305-AES be used with AES-256?
RSA, proof of correct work, if p is not a prime number
Device intercommunication with commands
Is there an existing authorative definition of the cryptographic term 'pepper'
Openssl library problem
During electronic voting, how does one hide the choice from Voting device?
PKCS#7 signed data structure in signed PDF document
Is there any pattern in points on EC?
Is only one shared secret generated by ECDH per key pair?
Is computing roots moduli a composite $N$ a hard problem without knowing the factorization of $N$?
Is it safe to encrypt random data using ECB mode?
Average/approximate difference in value between valid consecutive $x$ coordinates in ECC?
Probability of SHA256 Collisions for Certain Amount of Hashed Values
uniform vs. non-uniform PPT
New to cryptology, studying key exchange
How to encypt/decrypt messages after ECDH key agreement
What makes this mixer function resistant to differential cryptanalysis?
Decrypt AES-encrypted data with another key
In what countries am I now allowed to talk about technical details of cryptography?
Are there any valid, and person readable, checksums possible?
What's the differences among Blind Computation, Secure Multi-Party Computation, Secure Circuit Evaluation and Homomorphic Encryption
Will there always be 256 collisions for the output of the MD5 hashsum function for 17-byte inputs?
Is there a need to encrypt data when send over https?
Required key size for an ideal cipher with a 32 bit block size
Crack linear congruential generator knowing every other word in sequence
Is the keystream transmitted with the ciphertext when a stream cipher is used?
Solve a problem, thought it was hash length extension, hours later, am I wrong?
Will ANY prior knowledge assist in determining contents of a SHA1 hash?
What is the purpose of pre master secret in SSL/TLS?
Replay Attack in Stream Cipher
Removing "security by obscurity" from port knocking
Identification by RSA
DSA: Authentication and assurance of authorized parties
What is the difference between chosen-plaintext attack and adaptive-chosen-plaintext attack?
How to decrypt a '.enc' file that has been encrypted with RSA using a public key?
anonymous signature implementation and usage?
Pseudorandom Function Proof
Hash functions to the power of two and three notation
Decrypted RSA 64 bit encryption using modulus and private exponent. Got gobbledygook [Verify]
Toy public/private key example open to frequency analysis?
Affine transformation in AES: Matrix representation
What use is the signature without the message under RSA?
AES inversion operation in sub byes
Common reference string in NIZK
New to cryptology, studying Message Authentication Codes
Zero knowledge-proof for discrete log that is not honest-verifier
Fault-based transition for crypto proof (a la Shoup) with big probability of fault - does it work?
Salsa20-GCM composition secure?
difference between soundness in ZKPoK and special soundness for sigma proofs
Why is a Feistel network not a type of substitution-permutation network?
Altering the message space of Paillier
Are there any noisy homomorphic encryption schemes?
Creating unique keys with md5
How does the certificate authority generate a signature F?
What do I use as the encryption key and initialization vector in AES cfb128
Creating a random password based off of a prime number
BER or DER X9.62 for ECDSA signature
Cipher text only attacks on deterministic fully homomorphic encryption schemes
algebraic attacks for mixed operations (mod 2 and mod 256)
Encrypt entire payload or only confidential parts of payload?
KDFs for symmetric encryption master key & serial number
Is it possible to combine true streaming with AEAD?
Why is this the inverse of a Enigma Machine rotor?
Algebraic cryptanalysis on public-key schemes
How multiplicative property of RSA can be exploited
Randomness in generation of Virtual Machines from pre-built Image
How to encrypt a vector $e\in Z^{m}$ using LWE
How much of Probability do I need to know to study Cryptography?
What is the proper way to generate a fixed length key from a variable length password?
OTP - Why not reuse key? EDITED!
OTP - Reuse key BUT add IV, is it secure enough?
(Simple) Tool for analysing performance (speed in particular) of cryptographic hash function?
Using a Secure RNG in Probabilistic Fair Exchange
Generate hash value using public key along with message
Is $f\colon x\mapsto g(x+1)$ necessarily a pseudorandom function?
What do these notations mean in the definition of Perfect Secrecy, if we read those in English?
Would a pictographic, phoneme-based, hand cipher be difficult to crack with computer crypt-analysis?
Using similar passwords and salts for PBKDF2
Zero knowledge proof relation + number is binary
Why do we get the following equation in case of a One Time Pad?
AES Mix Columns and Shift Rows
How to recover $e$ from $f_A(e) = Ae \mod q$ when knowing trapdoor
Is the key schedule of Serpent a circle?
CTR_DRBG versus OFB_DRBG
Prove there is PRG that is not necessarily one-to-one
AES-XTS: find key from ciphertext and plaintext
Secure ElGamal with OAEP
Standards/RFCs for non-Diffie-Hellman perfect forward secrecy?
How does the Blowfish algorithm key initialization work
Rationale of "r" AES key use in OTR version 3 AKE protocol?
Meaning of Signature hash algorithm field in certificate
SSL / TLS digital signature exchange
Benefit of using random key in Shamir's Secret Sharing
Errata for NIST SP 800-63
RFID Protocol Cryptanalysis
Value of S and r in Fiat-Shamir Protocol
Weaker alternative to Ed25519?
Choosing finite field size in Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme
Are there equivalent IVs in DES/CBC?
why are both ipad and opad required for HMAC?
Encrypt-Mix-Encrypt: Full Diffusion?
What is a Key Derivation Function?
Inserting a backdoor into a cryptographic hash function
Is there a way to use bcrypt with passwords longer than 72 bytes securely?
Is chaotic encryption secure?
Asymmetric encryption that is secure for (almost) any foreseeable future
What does L_n is the bit length of the group order n states need for my calculation in ECDSA algorithm?
Factoring two RSA moduli $N_i=p_i\cdot q_i$ knowing that $p_2=p_1+2$?
What is the meaning of h(r) in this protocol?
Fortuna: why are source ID and data length added together with entropy data into the pools
Why perfect secrecy can be ensured when a plain message and a cipher-text based on one-time pad are correlated?
EC based password authenticated key exchange protocol
RSA modulus (N) from public key and calculating N from p, q not equal
Verifying Diffie–Hellman parameters someone else generated
How do I control an access code safely?
Finding Vigenère cipher key(s)
Are keys generated by the user or block cipher algorithms themselves?
Key space vs Cardinality of 1024-bit RSA
Vigenère, auto-correlation vs Kasiski examination
Is authentication length always a subset of encryption length?
Multiple AES/ECB encryptions of different data with same key all end with same pattern
Integrity compromised - HASH modified
nonce of AES-GCM in SSL
Knowing N and a relationship between the 2 prime numbers(p and q) find p and q generated with RSA
Combining cascaded encryption keys into one key
Why does applying 56-bit DES twice only give 57 bits of security?
Retrieve value of private key after encryption with the public key
Is MCrypt's 8-bit OFB mode secure?
Using HMAC SHA256 to protect payment files in local trusted network
Proving that a plaintext is the Paillier decryption of a certain ciphertext
Length of prime number used in Pedersen Commitment
Is it ever unsafe to compress an EC point?
Plaintext block chaining, bad idea why?
Attribute-based encryption for cloud storage
Words in “index of coincidence” in relation to the Vigenère cipher
Security of basic SHA256 MAC in an authenticate-then-encrypt scheme
How is the MAC or HMAC secret shared with the other party for verification?
The difference between MAC algorithms and what to use
correct usage of keys and nonce
Different keys for clients but 1 key on server
Is there any patent free EC point compression available? If not, should I GPL/LGPL my code?
Are there drawbacks to encrypting data locally before being encrypted in cloud backup (multiple encryption)?
Rabin cryptosystem with 1 mod 4
what are the NTRU keysize and application in industry?
DHKE choice of private keys
Under what conditions did a Bletchley bombe stop?
Known plaintext attack on 3 round SIMON block cipher
What is SHA-256 in Conjunctive Normal Form?
Why rogued certificate from hash collision is harmful
Cache Attacks on Cloud Infrastructures
Super-simple encryption of short strings
Verification of Pinocchio (verifiable computation)
Elliptic curve cryptography G*G
Authenticated EC key exchange without a signing/signature scheme?
side channel attacks against TDES (compared to AES)
Key distribution and computation for homomorphic encryption
How does a certificate authority issue a digital certificate?
What is the "compression function" in Merkle-Damgård?
Double-and-add/Montgomery VS blinding
Can Grover's algorithm be parallelized?
SSL certificate / SSL configuration - FIPS-197 compliance
NTRU and one failed example
Is the reverse of the “discrete logarithm problem” equally dificult?
How to generate the APA SBox?
Determine encryption method with input and output
How are onetimepads distributed?
Deterministic outputs based on non-connected inputs
Why use randomness in digital signature algorithms?
what is number of invertible matrix m*m on$ z_n$?
Generating interactive, secure multiple ECC key pairs deterministically
Common Modulus Attack in RSA
Swap $x$ and $k$ in GGM construction
What is the signifcance of inside threat in "How to Construct Multicast Cryptosystems ... Secure Against CCA2"
Encryption of plain text using stream cipher algorithm
Prime factorization
Which one these alternatives using authentication and encryption will solve this multiple-user database problem?
Has human-generated entropy ever been a real problem?
Montgomery Reduction
RSA: Why must e be relative prime to phi(n)
How to securely map an element from an smaller domain to the other element in a large domain
Asymmetric cipher with multiple public keys
Is this transposition cipher information-theoretically secure for 1 message?
Non adjacent form of an integer is unique
Can a cryptographic hash be used as a cryptographic RNG?
Figure 2 in the Verifiable Computation - Pinocchio
SHACAL-2 vs. AES as underlying block cipher for Secure Hash (aka SHA-256)
Image sharing without data overhead
How does ROTL work?
Use of Lamport's Signature as a primitive
If you hashed a hash an infinite number of times would you end up with a unique hash?
Key iteration count while using random keyfile larger than master key
Where is the authentication tag stored in file encrypted using AES-GCM?
Adding two public keys
Password length versus hash length?
Can cycle finding techniques reduce the memory usage of the MitM attack against 2DES and 3DES?
Permuted vectors
Paillier cryptosystem preserve ordering of sums for two integer sequences
Adding a Random component to CBC MAC in order to enlarge the tag space
Rabin-Williams, blinding and size of Integer r?
Is this variant of SRP for peer-to-peer authentication practical?
Is the Salsa20/ChaCha20 keystream generation one-way?
Are more S boxes more secure in a SP-Network?
Bilinear map + commitment
Question about decryption
Is a padding oracle attack possible if data is only encrypted internally on a server (e.g. for storage)?
arithmetic calculation problem to quadratic arithmetic program
How do revocation certificates work in PGP?
How to attack the Two Time Pad?
Looking for encryption algorithm not subject to known-plaintext attack with IV reuse
Matsui's Linear attack on DES P box
Why Might XOR's Lead to Hash Functions Lacking 2nd Pre-image Resistance?
Paillier Encryption: problems with double encryption
Is it safe to derive two different keys with the same password and key derivation function using two different salts?
Why must the sender and receiver be synchronised in synchronous stream ciphers?
Zero knowledge / proof of knowledge sudoku solution
Integer encryption preserving equality
SHA-512 partial preimage
Why does the ElGamal signature have the specific form that it does?
Yubico's take on U2F key wrapping
Registration and log in through public key cryptography?
Why aren't zero-knowledge proofs used in practice for authentication?
What are words in a HASH algorithms
Are well designed crypographic codes unbreakable? (NOT ciphers)
FIPS 113 Computer Data Authentication
Decrypting DES - limited information
Why are there no OTP ciphers?
What crypto scheme should I use on embedded m2m system with assymetric uplink/downlink bandwidth?
Discrete logarithm over prime modulo: small input, large exponent, larger prime
Reducing the keyspace for a brute force attack on a chained 64-bit xor
Alice and Bob's crush
If a DES key correctly decrypts one message, what's the probability it's the real key?
Definition of the term "key"
Is it safe to use a secret salted hash of a public id for client to prove ownership of id to a server that knows salt but does not store ids?
Block cipher does not provide security by itself
Can Winternitz be easily converted to a many-time encryption scheme?
Can I use the output from a DRBG directly as K for AES, or do I need to use a key generator algorithm?
How to select a 'tweak' used in FE1 mode format preserving encryption?
PGP digital signature vs SHA256 HMAC Comparison
Are there any quantum-resistant symmetric encryption schemes?
Is it a bad idea to use PGP encryption for structured/predictable data?
Does SipHash have 64 bit (second) preimage security?
Format preserving encryption FFX
CLEFIA vs AES 128-bit
Energy necessary for brute-forcing or decryption
Simplicity and precision in cryptography papers
How to decrypt unusual Many Time Pad
Where can I learn the basics of AES?
trying to get calculator and RSA calculatin does not make sense
Optimal bandwidth cost for Oblivious RAM
Is ECB mode safe to use with RSA encryption?
Encrypt file name
What does signed fixed window method mean in ECC?
Defining format-preserving encryption for natural language
How openssl padding for AES cfb IV?
Security proof in pairing based cryptography
How to calculate if probability is negligible or not
What does ⊕ mean in cryptography?
How difficult is homomorphic encryption?
What is the “Walsh Function” about?
Brute-force attack given small search-space and hash prefix
Does "identity-based dynamic threshold signature" exist and could such scheme contain a "Signature Combination" algorithm?
How to map a handful of numbers in a large range to a much smaller range deterministically without collissions
Mutual verification of shared secret
What is a good way to handle longer strings using FPE?
Is encryption time greater than decryption time?
Given an encrypted file, what are possible ways to find its encryption algorithm?
The non-interactive proof of verifiable computation: Pinocchio
Why does spiped use both nonces and ephemeral keys?
Key derivation design to avoid key leaks
Proper way to generate symmetric keys
Renewing session key
Key Check Value standard practice for asymmetric cryptography?
Why does Diffie-Hellman need be a cyclic group?
Encoding a message to a point of curve y^2=x^3+7 and Bitcoin Core
Malicious party security model: When one party is corrupted at a time
Algorithm for n-of-m keys with partial results
How to create a PEM file for storing an RSA key?
Missing public exponent
Is it hard to recover $p$ from $k \phi(p)$?
Bilinear pairing arithmetic
Question about discrete log - why can one attacker not solve for g but two colluders can?
"Strict" software for playing and learning with private and public key
Does the Paillier system remain secure if it is used to encrypt only binary values, i.e. {0, 1}?
If someone had a list of all primes, would it be possible for them to factor any integer in polynomial time?
Understanding Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange
At what point can you you implement crypto algorithms?
Diffie Hellman Exponentiation Implementation Problem
Pailler encryption of small integers to 32-bit integers
How to make PKCS conformation oracle for trying Bleichenbacher’s RSA attack?
Turning data into seemingly random noise
XOR = Best encryption?
RSA: How to calculate the private exponent?
Reciprocal block ciphers
Segmenting encryption to get the same results with the same key
with RSA encryption, how do I find the md5sum of the private key from the public key?
how does an initialization vector work?
Affine cipher: calculate the key from a known plaintext/ciphertext pair
AES_GMAC implementation
Is what i'm trying to do safe?
Avoiding known plaintext attacks with an additional XOR-Layer
ECC vs RSA: how to compare key sizes?
Second generator for secp256k1 curve
How are messages from server secured when using SSL certificate
Is HMAC-MD5 still secure for commitment or other common uses?
what is the public information in Elliptic curve cryptosystems
DH with AES - is that an acceptable security scheme over UPnP?
Security of a custom non linear hill cipher
Is there a tangible benefit in keeping the number of PBKDF iterations secret and not storing them with the ciphertext?
Role of trusted party in the Ideal model in Malicious case
where should private and public keys be stored?
SHA3 Keccak, absorbing data to the state
Practical Uses for Timing Attacks on Hash Comparisons (e.g. MD5)?
Generate a list of valid ASCII codes
How to exchange authentication keys
Outsourced Multiparty computation proof in Ideal world
Recovering key length from transposition block cipher ciphertext
Meet-in-the-Middle attack on 3DES
Why cant Public Key Encryption be perfectly secure?
Why doesn't this defeat RSA?
Commitment scheme to share money
what is recommended x length in Diffie Hellman algorithm
Elliptic curve brute forcing
Calculating XOR Key Sizes
How do we guarantee plaintext is coprime in RSA?
Ephemeral Diffie-Hellman in a symmetric crypto context
AES process candidates implementations and usages
Authenticate a short message with redundant encryption instead of using a MAC?
Does the plaintext have to be at least as long as the key in Polyalphabetic substituion cipher
Negilible Function $\frac{1}{n!}$
Encryting data with password for local storage using libsodium
Modifying a [CRC32] checksum protected file
How do we know one-way functions can be iterated?
Proposed unidirectional authentication scheme
Computational indistinguishability with Example
CCA secure or not?
How do I verify a reset token if the token is hashed in DB?
Is One Time Pad considered Chosen-Plaintext Attack Secure?
Is the HMAC construction really neccessary for a fixed length message?
How to securely store data? / How to securely encrypt a file?
Which of these is a secure MAC?
Which of the following hash functions is collision resistant?
Chosen-plaintext attack
Is there an asymmetric One-Time-Pad?
On composition of encryption schemes
Does failure of indistinguishability of encryptions imply lack of CPA-security?
What is the difference between online and offline brute force attacks?
Inversion Free Direct Conversion between Twisted Edwards (X,Y,Z) and Montgomery (X,Z)
Could this alternative hash based MAC construction be as, or even more secure than an HMAC?
What are some hashes that do not exhibit the avalanche effect?
Are digital signatures using preprocessed paper pads possible?
Do hand-based hash functions / MACs exist?
Building a combined encryption scheme from two encryption schemes that's secure if at least on of them is secure
RSA_DH vs ECDH implementation
Can spatial filters be used to factor composite numbers?
Post-quantum authenticated encryption
Strength of TLS handshake
Is the hash function defined in this exercise collision-resistant?
Elliptic Curve Cryptography Encryption and text representation implementation
Does this chat protocol exist?
Has a collision ever been found for SHA-1/2/3 when truncated to 128 bits?
Is sending encrypted message and signed message a secure way of transmitting data?
How can a block cipher in counter mode be a reasonable PRNG when it's a PRP?
What should I think about these unique certificate serial numbers
RSA Signature : Process of Sign the message and Verify
How to perform homomorphic multiplication in ElGamal?
Can i get a list of over hard and long RSA keys? i think i have found a vulnerability in RSA Algorithm
Severity of Cooking NIST P Curve Constants
Why exactly Blowfish max key length is 448
HTTPS and plaintext authentication
Would this method deliver a perfectly non-malleable encryption for at least two blocks?
Is it possible to have identical public keys for different ciphers?
prepaid meters that rely on a disconnected system
Decryption of Huffman code
one-way deterministic hash for low entropy input?
Finding Patterns in Encrypted Data
The difference in size between ECDSA output and hash size
Logjam: "composite order subgroups" explained for TLS developers and system admins?
Hash length extension attack - SHA256 to 512 - impossible, correct?
Hard-core predicates: should the adversary be given $1^n$?
Break El-Gamal Algorithm by knowing the value of the random k
Factorization of a number obtained by a modular multiplication operation can reveal factors of the used operands?
Can a TLS client perform any DH regeneration?
Logjam on Elliptic Curves?
Attacking CBC with predictable but encrypted IV
possible MITM attack against servers that used to support weak DH?
HKDF entropy extraction
Huffman encoding of hashes
How to prove that someone encrypted a specific (large) chunk of data
Does the One Time Pad rely on confusion or diffusion?
Hardening of random number generators
RSA with probable primes
Executing encrypted code?
Why do we truncate the hash when using DSA?
Why does TLS do Authenticate-then-Encrypt instead of Encrypt-then-Authenticate?
Would this method allow fast authenticated encryption using only a single encryption operation per block?
Would this method allow fast authenticated encryption using only a single encryption and RNG operation per block?
Compacting a substitution cipher key
Are pseudorandom permutation really permutation in mathematical sense?
Using ECB as RSA encryption mode when encrypted messages are unique?
Name of this attack?
Is it practical to use a stream cipher in a block cipher mode?
How to calculate RSA CRT parameters from public key and private exponent
Finding public exponent e
Discrete log in Galois Extension Field
How many bits of entropy can I expect from /dev/urandom in iOS?
Ring signatures in ECC
PGP public RSA key format
Are covert and rational adversaries same?
What is the difference between H(M) and H3(M, s, IDA)?
Bilinear pairing arithmetic - cryptographic accumulators
Cryptographic enforcement schemes using Diffie-Hellman
Sharing a secret key between many users
One time pad in CBC mode?
What does a stream cipher provide that cannot be obtained with AES CTR mode operation?
Why is public key cryptography not widely used in governments?
Does the encryption algorithm DES perform random permutations? If so how is information not lost?
Why don’t all AES encryption tools produce the same key from the same password?
Non-interactive zero-knowledge proof for discrete logarithm without random oracle
poodle padding multiple blocks?
Operation modes of block ciphers how are used?
How to decrypt a PGP message with only the two primes and the public exponent?
Fast PKI for embedded device
DPA Attack on HMAC SHA-256
Why does OMAC2 exist?
About Primitive roots mod n in Diffie-Hellman
Is there a mental poker algorithm that does not rely on commutative encryption?
What is the right notion of security to use for file encryption?
Can AES be considered as Perfectly Secure?
security in format preserving encryption
Differences between HMAC and HKDF in a specific case
Can you identify this algorithm?
My attempt of combining socialist millionaire and Diffie-Hellman. Is it any good?
Constructing set membership proof for private set
Winternitz Signature Scheme Verfication
Elliptic curve point addition
ElGamal Generator g problem
Authenticating small packets
Secure Channel - Encryption and Decryption Keys For A Message
LED cryptography algorithm
Is this adaptation of one-time-pad still secure?
Lightweight hash function
Can AES in CBC mode be parallelized?
Why using AES in ECB (Electronic Code Book) mode a bad idea?
Interesting malleability property of Goldwasser-Micali PKC
How was the MDS matrix used in AES chosen?
Would key stretching help mitigate concerns with "verifiably random"?
Why not put MAC in fixed position and cover padding for MAC-then-encrypt?
Test vectors for PRESENT algorithm?
Shamir secret sharing with field 2^8
Encryption through multiplication of encoded key
verify fails on 3rd party after signing with BouncyCastle
Euler's Totient function for semiprime numbers
Is $(a,g^{ab})$ computationally indistinguishable from $(a, g^c)$?
Can Hill Cipher be considered as Asymmetric?
Correctness in Multi-party Computation: Real/Ideal Paradigm in Malicious case
Is it possible to make an encrypted text look like a sentence consists of random words?
Property of Multiplicative group of integers mod n
Advantages/Disadvantages of Bcrypt vs. hash/salt
Which attacks are possible against raw/textbook elliptic curve?
Secure content-defined chunking
How is information disclosed by modular multiplication?
Is it OK to use a hash of the key as nonce for AES GCM?
Brute Force on Key
Is it OK to substitute a PRF for a random oracle?
Trying to understand the use of ECC in TLS certificates
How do we know a cryptographic primitive won't fail suddenly?
Share two secrets between two parties
Is it possible to encrypt a message's destination as well as its content?
Solving discrete logarithm when p is not a safe prime
Is it right about an example of bilinear map $e$?
What makes SHA-2 and SHA-3 have security levels half their output hash length?
Are there security issues with adding plaintext length to TLS packets?
Why is a Feistel network bijective?
What's the inverse function of this decryption function?
Is the one-time-pad a secure system according to modern definitions?
Cryptanalysis of Marvin32 compared to SipHash
Will adding space to the Vigenère block make it truly unbreakable?
Distinguishing attack on stream cipher created from a block cipher in counter mode
SHA-256 hash of null input?
What is meant by - computational complexity $2^x$?
Why does anyone use elliptic curves for a CSPRNG?
Key exchange using ECDH vs ECIES?
Correlation attack on Lagged Fibonacci Generator
AM protocol for 2 distinct objects
computational complexity class of decryption of AES
Unicity Distance - AES
Is randomsound for increasing entropy pool not doing what it is supposed to do?
PQ Key Exchange based on Elliptic Curve Isogenies
Is it possible to choose which point will have the public key of a given Elliptic Curve?
Is it OK to encode data using key equal to data
How to generate new LWE samples
Physical entropy source: How many bits entropy per byte is sufficent?
Some doubts about GnuPG
Is there a cryptographic algorithm which is immune to side channel attacks?
RSA public key recovery from signatures
Tweaked Square Roots and Rabin-Williams
Secret key and Decryption oracle in the revised Fujisaki-Okamoto transformation
Vigenère cipher frequency analysis not working
zero knowledge framework for c programs - how to prove correct C program execution with private inputs
What's wrong with an iterative (with counter) hashed salted KDF?
Is the inverse of a point on an elliptic curve over $\mathbb{Z}_p$ always in the group?
Residue requirements of Rabin-Williams primes?
How hard is it to recover $p$ if I can get $h(p) \oplus h(p^*) \oplus r$ and $h(r)$?
Why does P1363 require RW signature with $0 ≤ s < n/2$?
Suppose $A$ knows $a$ and $B$ knows $b$, is it possible to efficiently compute $g^{ab}$ without leaking $g^a$ and $g^b$ to each other?
Rationale for use of right-shift (rather than rotate) in SHA-2?
What is the proper usage of GCM nonce in TLS1.2?
Is "Bit Independence" of SHA-2 hashes secure?
Why isn't Rabin-Williams cryptosystem widely used?
SHA256_HMAC for deriving session keys using a counter
Blinding value of particular form
What's the principle to design the functionality under UC framework?
simple algorithm to encrypt/decrypt a text file
Is DES slow in hardware or only in software?
How is an epsilon of 1/1000 non-negligible?
Can a combination of encryption algorithms weaken the overall encryption?
How to prove the hardness of Rabin's function?
Join Datasets While Protecting Anonymity
Cryptanalysis and Copying encrypted volumes
Why are RSA ciphertexts different for the same plaintext?
Deriving 2 shared secrets from one private key and 2 different public keys
RSA private key d knowing e,n
Encryption of exe file
Can we reduce Diffie-Hellman problem to "Discrete-log inversion" problem?
Definition of indistinguishable schemes
Is there a scheme that allows to use RSA based challenge response protocol limited to signing only 8 bytes to create a secure signature of any data?
Convolution and catastrophic codes
On countermeasures for replay attacks. Does this one require plaint text password storage?
Distinguishing between two probabilities and the uniform probability
Safe way to generate different encrypted output from the "same" plaintext
Why does UMAC encrypt the output of universal hash function?
Meaning of entropy of a bitstring in NIST SP 800 - 90A
Supersingular Isogeny Key Exchange Software
An electronic voting system
Doubling a point on an elliptic curve
Why does rsyncrypto require a public key during decryption?
How to quickly detect incorrect password in encrypted file without compromising security?
Get AES key from client request
Digital signature in a group chat scenario?
Compression in Symmetric Encryption?
Securely start a client server connection without ssl/tls
Brute-force attack given multiple hash prefixes
Period of pseudo random sequence generated from (5, 2, 0) LFSR
What are the differences between the elliptic curve equations?
EC: Why does $h>200$ need to hold?
How to generate own secure elliptic curves?
What is difference between Cryptographic Transformation, Encryption and Hash?
SHA512 faster than SHA256?
How HMAC.Update function works?
Can I use an ECDH Shared Secret from the same Private / Public Key Pair?
Proof that two parties can communicate
What's the structure of server-key-exchange message during TLS handshake
What does the acronym "CRT" stand for in the PKCS #1 specification?
Establish Trust By Signing Random Seed
Voting protocol - How many dishonest tallying centres can the protocol cope with?
How can complexity be increased or decreased in AES?
is this possible to use asymmetric encryption schemes as order preserving encryption
Why develop Edward curve formulas that deviate from unification?
Compromised Issuing CA
Encryption(AES) and verification per message
what are the advatanges and disavantages of the digital signature algorithms for JWT?
What are the differences between collision attack and birthday attack?
Concerns about use of MAC in my specification
Session key Exchange, some doubt
Encrypt a file for multiple persons with different keys?
3DES over Galois Counter Mode (GCM) for authenticated encryption
Turning a 64 bit block cipher into a 128 bit block cipher
Relationship between an elements order and the DLP
What is "witness encryption"?
What's the GCM-SHA 256 of a TLS protocol?
Cardinality of the key space $\{0,1\}^\ell$
Is secure communication without public-key crytography feasible?
2DES vs. two-key triple encryption, with no decryption step
How are subkeys, in Feistel block ciphers, derived for each round?
SQL-Like queries in CRYPTDB doesn't work
Eavesdropping experiment with private key
What is Polymorphic encryption?
Worst case one way function
Understanding Meet-in-the-Middle attack on block ciphers
Collision or second preimage for the ChaCha core?
How broken is a xor of two multiply with carry generators?
Determine if encryption is safe against CPA
Determine safety of exercise hash functions
SSH rekey security implications
What is more efficient, pairing based cryptography or non pairing based cryptography?
Frequency tables for HTML page source
How to determine the exponent when using RSA
Which symmetric cipher is best for studying?
Side channel attack on FPGA AES engine
Implementing AES MixColumns with fewest XOR gates
Attack for RSA 1024 bit with Low Public Exponent
How is wpa2 authentication structured
What is the danger if a non-prime is chosen for RSA?
Generating PGP key *without* random generator? (using fixed input only)
On Proving That a Primitive Does Not Exist
what are the most common stream ciphers algorithms?
Why is the re-encryption algorithm in Universal Re-encryption for Mixnets more complicated than apparently necessary?
cipher text only attacks on deterministic homomorphic encryption schemes
Discrete Logarithm (512 bits numbers) - Find exponent parameter
Why does an algorithm need a keyspace?
NTRU less secure than previously thought?
If you have a file and XOR every bit with a random bit, can you extract any information?
Type of values that can be accumulated in bilinear map (multiplicative) accumulator reg
Why in Android kernel CSPRNG state is saved?
Why is HMAC-SHA1 still considered secure?
AES and Homomorphic Encryption
Dan Boneh's Cryptography lecture - problem with 802.11b
Why is the public/private key length used in libsodium so much shorter than needed for RSA
Is algorithm with more than $2^{word size}$ words secure?
El-Gamal and Lines on Planes
Establishing encryption key using shared secret
Derive cipher IV and cipher Key using PBKDF2 with random salt?
How can a lattice attack be applied to ECDSA signatures?
HMAC for encrypted authentication token: recommended iteration number
Getting the encryption/has algorithm used for modem configuration file
Logjam-style attack on Factoring?
RSA Signature Forgery
Can I use HKDF to improve security of HMAC used with weak hash function?
Block Ciphers - Standardize plain text
Security of MSS
Do all attacks against PKCS1 v1.5 encryption require an oracle
What is a "lattice" in cryptography?
HMAC-SHA1( secret key ) with header of a transmitted file
Forgery attack on OCB
Extracting a WinRAR password?
TLS encryption with a self-signed PKI and Python’s asyncio module
Double the key in block cipher - which approach is better?
What happens if no final subtraction is done in Montgomery multiplication?
ElGamal scheme attack when one message is known and ciphertexts are intercepted
RSA function over $Z_t^{*}$ where $t$ is prime
Ideas for non duplicate cryptographically secure numbers
Source for PKCS#11 Header Files
EdDSA Signature Algorithm - hash of secret key
Simulation aborted because the adversary doesn't use the random oracle
Proving membership of a group without revealing identity?
Fast mental encryption algorithm?
Where is SRP-Z from?
"123456" and "password" as crack standards
Does authenticated encryption add any protection to a signed digital envelope?
Is this client-side password hash scheme secure?
How often does RSA-OAEP have a leading zero?
Why should the input value on a DPA attack be non-constant?
Suggestion : CRC vs SHA1
Pseudo Random Function
I hashed my bag and in it I put... "Is there a hash for unordered items?"
What is a man-in-the-middle attack (for instance in Diffie-Hellman)?
Is standardizing a modified AES a good idea?
Inner product with homomorphic encryption
What is the complexity for attacking 3DES in linear or differential cryptanalysis?
The encryption scheme is secure?
Using password-based encryption as a hashing scheme
Does XTS provide random write access?
Easy explanation of "IND-" security notions?
Are there any practical attacks that create a printable chosen prefix MD5 collision?
Working on subgroup of $\mathbb{Z}^*_p$ in practice
Reasons for components of AES
Does anyone still use BAN or GNY logic in practice?
Meaning of pseudocode "$(C, S):=$"
Parallel authentication of encrypted data. What AE type to choose?
Question about keyed hash functions
What are the advantages of using OFB (Output Feedback Mode)?
Question on Miller's algorithm (change the input m)
How to choose McEliece's parameters?
In what cases will RSA not work?
Software interface for KDF and PBKDF?
Can I reduce the MAC size in TLS?
Which is the most secure steganography technique?
How much pre-hashing a password increase security against brute force attack?
Calculating Multiplicative Inverse for Rijndael S-box using EEA
Could a crypto system that uses non-FIPS crypto but then upgrades complete to FIPS be FIPS certified?
SHA-256 exhaustive search
SPI security of FE1 scheme
different feistel words in key size
What is the difference between a PRF and a PRF+?
Why have round constants in hashes?
Diffe-Helman Exchange result is always 1
Reversing Rotation + XOR
RSA with $\lambda(n)$ or $\varphi(n)$
Does SHA-1 meet the strict avalanche criterion?
Parallelization of CFB mode encryption and decryption
Is this a secure method of encrypting with authentication?
Weakening of Pallier cryptosystem due to ciphertext equivalence and order in CryptDB
Quantum computing vs AES s-box equation
About DH-EKE and ECDHE_PSK (PSK versus Pasword)
Are there UFDs where the factorization problem is difficult but finding irreducibles is cheap?
If RSA is only used to encrypt symmetric keys which are random, what's wrong with textbook RSA?
AES + CBC encryption for a stream of UDP packets
How does DPA work on AES?
Can there be a need for 1024-bit (symmetric) encryption?
Is one-time-pad still secure if the number of 1's in the key is revealed to the attacker?
Ciphertext and tag size and IV transmission with AES in GCM mode
Are all homomorphic encryption schemes not CCA secure?
RSA: Range of public modulus
How bad it is using the same IV twice with AES/GCM?
How many bits of entropy does an elliptic curve key of length n provide?
AES-Paillier Homomorphic encryption
J-PAKE : About Schnorr NIZK proof for ephemeral private keys
RSA algorithm assignment
Where can I find names for cryptographic notation I don't recognize?
PK systems using groups in practice
Degenerate discrete logarithm in binary field
Parameter choice Supersingular Isogeny DH
Clarify EC point addition and multiplication
Are all stream-ciphers IND-CPA?
How to crack SHA256 only letters
Why we need ECDSA when we have ECDH?
ElGamal against chosen ciphertext attacks
One cipher to rule them all?
Encrypt with K1, K2 and decrypt in opposite with K2, K1
How far is public-key crypto involved in "banking world"?
Is there any good reason to chain HMACs in this manner?
Does AES(x || x) provide secure message authentication when message fits in a single block?
Are there transitive ciphers (either symmetric and asymmetric)
What is degree of randomness in individual bits of MD5 hash?
Salting in asp.net?
RSA signatures without padding?
TRNG vs PRNG - Entropy?
Elligator-2 against curves over Fq, q mod 4 = 3
Why should the primes used in RSA be distinct?
Is ElGamal IND-CCA1?
Multiplicative inverse ($17^{-1} \mod 31$)?
Why Elliptic Curves?
How is an epsilon of 1/1000 non-negligible?
Is this commutative encryption protocol secure?
IES: What security has the asymmetric primitive to provide?
Does exponentiation by squaring work on Montgomery curves?
Differential addition on Montgomery curve
How to compute two EC point multiplication?
Brute forcing the secret key in Elgamal encryption
What is the difference between the standard representants of $\mathbb Z/q\mathbb Z$?
DSSP reduction to DSSI
Trying to understand the constant factors (19 and 38) in Ed25519 ref10 function 'fe_mul'
Computational indistinguishability: are function parameters known?
Requirements for the modulus in the Massey-Omura three pass protocol
Ring-LWE elliptic gaussian distribution
Is there a multiple asymmetric encryption algorithm, which requires all private keys to reveal the secret?
Why isn't outputting only a portion of the hash state a simple defense against length extension attacks?
Stern identification scheme to signature scheme
how to implement order preserving encryption except cryptdb
Is this hypothetical key-exchange secure?
Pseudorandom functions: how are functions stored?
AES-CBC pre-determined IV vs. null IV
What is the meaning for a vector mod a matrix in a lattice?
Correctness of ideal protocol of MPC in presence of malicious adversary
What if the p and q used in keys generation of Pailler cryptosystem are composite?
"Order" in cryptographic terms for generators
What good is a hash accompanying a program?
EAX cipher mode with nonce equal header
What is the run-time on finding collisions with MACs,...?
Is it a good practice to use plain text for derivation of Keys?
N users must approve a request
Unconditional authentication
MAC tag size in AES CCM, when using CTR + CBC-MAC (not CBC MAC only)
curious DHE implementation for key exchange
Certificate for the public key
How to derive the curve Ed25519 from Curve25519?
One-Time-Signature based codes
Is authenticated encryption basically a lockable box?
Problems implementing AES in CBC+CTS mode
How many bits to flip in an RSA public key to do signature forgery?
Deterministic ECDSA signatures?
What needs to be proved for a cryptosystem to be secure?
Blowfish Weak keys
Why does encryption in STS protocol protect against identity attacks?
Cryptography in wireless medium
Collision probability of MD5 over different attacks
Why does "2xAES-256" provide "99.99%" security strength whereas "1xAES-128" provides "40%"?
Determine AES key given encrypted and unencrypted files
64bit nonce in AES-CTR, why not 128?
ElGamal and Paillier key sizes for short messages
What values constitute failing for ENT tests?
Has anyone heard of matrix-based "Russian Doll" encryption techniques?
Simulation based proofs: Simple examples
Why should one prefer Salsa20 over ChaCha?
Why don't use random padding in RSA?
Finding keys of modified DES encryption
Improve security of transposition ciphers
Can Alice send Bob a secure message with only DSA and no key exchange?
Hash functions to generate one time pad
Better lower bound on min-entropy
Can hash functions improve a lousy PRNG?
Favor hash size or field size when systems are disparate?
Implementing forward secrecy in OpenPGP with public key authentication
Are specially designed fonts sometimes used in cryptography?
Keys in HMAC and NMAC
Chance to find HMAC key/salt when having knowledge of the hashed data?
i cant understand the meaning and the difference between linearity equation and affine and non linearity?
Shuffleless PRNG function with non-repeating values?
Question about the key in RC4
Why should $a,b < N$ for Montgomery Reduction?
Converting a pre-image resistant hash to second pre-image resistant
Can CFB mode of block cipher be used as a commutative encryption?
Does pseudorandom secret sharing require a central dealer?
Explanation of part of a visual cryptography algorithm
Fast attack on approximate GCD problem?
How can I design a cryptographically secure, key-dependent s-box?
What does “simulator” and “interactive” mean in a cryptographic credential system's definition of security?
How can I read the AE figures?
Execution speed of AES_128 GMAC operation
What are the implications of a birthday attack on a HMAC?
Using AES for smaller blocks in a Feistel network
What is k in RSA?
How can I generate a good password from a SHA512 hash?
Why is Rabin encryption equivalent to factoring?
Proving existence of an encryption scheme that has indistinghuishable multiple encryptions in the presence of an eavesdropper, but is not CPA-secure
Transforming Gaussian random $[0,1] $ numbers to uniform $[0,255] $
Differences between the terms "pre-master secret", "master secret", "private key", and "shared secret"?
Can a 1 byte difference in AES 128 bit keys make huge difference in output?
El-Gamal signature with two messages
Blinding to mask private key operations
How to prove that a function is not pseudorandom?
Simulator in Private Outsourced Computation over Outsourced Datasets
Algorithm for factoring a number $n$ of a specific form given $n$ and $\varphi(n)$
search of patterns in key schedules
Show How to Efficiently Solve the Computational Diffie-Hellman Assumption given an Algorithm that Solves the Square-DH Problem
Why is the whole initial state used in the final addition of Salsa20 and ChaCha?
Example: pre-image resistance to second pre-image resistance
Is the ring of octonions "commonly" used in Cryptography?
Simulation Based Proof: What Can / Can not Simulator Do?
Is there a signature scheme for the Cramer-Shoup cryptosystem?
Words having weight near to minimum distance
Point addition in NaCl/libsodium (Curve25519)
CPA-security of a pseudorandom permutation encryption scheme
Ephemeral key is held constant in ElGamal
Reduction to cdp,dl or cdh?
Permuting Small Sized Set in Practice
Library to find an addition chain for a large number?
Playfair Cipher + Vigenere Cipher?
Signature and hash function properties
In which step does AES use the key to encrypt data?
Attack on Double Encryption Scheme
ElGamal signatures systems
Is there any such thing as "proof of location"?
What consequences do the plaintext space size has on the performances in the BGV scheme?
Attacks on elliptic-curve based cryptosystems through solving the Decisional Diffie-Hellman Problem with the Weil Pairing
For $p=23$, $g=2$, $q=11$ you are given the signature $(18,3)$ in the message $m=2$. Construct a signature in the message $m'=3$
Knowing that $G(s)$ is a PRG, is the following construction $G'(s) = G(s||0)$ a PRG?
Can we solve the Hidden Number Problem in $GF(2^n)$?
Prove that certain amount of data was stored
Present an attack for the combination of OTP and textbook RSA
Let $F$ be a PRF, is the following $G(x)=F_{0…0}(x)∥F_{0…1}(x)|| ... ||F_{1…1}(x)$ a PRG?
What is the advantage of AEAD ciphers?
How AES treat string input to encrypt data and what will happen if the cipher key is less than that expected?
What are the practical implications of ciphertext distinguishability?
ElGamal in $Z^*_{p^n}$
One time pad ciphers in emails
Encryption algorithms larger than 256 Bit for “big data” encryption?
Are there any paper/human strong crypto systems?
Is the GOST block cipher broken?
Is constructing IND-CCA2 public key encryption schemes particularly easy with the KEM/DEM approach?
Signature Verification: High level
Is modular Barrett reduction usable for Ed25519?
Can a Cramer-Shoup public key have two different private keys?
Implementing CBC Encryption Using Decryption
More efficient and just as secure to sign message hash using Ed25519?
ssh-keygen DH Primality Testing
In SSL and TLS, why is there a separate Change Cipher Spec Protocol rather than including a change_cipher_spec message in the Handshake Protocol?
Can non-assembly crypto libraries truly be secure against timing attacks?
Extend OTP on random data?
CP-ABE for threshold cryptography
Is Cramer-Shoup backdoorable?
Is Checksum to file back decoding possible?
Key exchange resilience to DoS attack
Public SRP verifiers or public hash chain "public keys" when secret is low entropy password
Customizable Crypto Algorithms in Hardware
Can string lookups be vulnerable to timing attacks like array lookups are?
RSA Encryption: What happens if n is a factor of the message M?
RSA problem - how to find $d$
FFX Encryption over alphabet of arbitrary radix
Why do crypto libs use table lookups when they're vulnerable to timing attacks?
RSA signature attack check on lowest 16 bytes - Implementation
Is there a secure source of entropy on a typical microcontroller?
Simulation Based Proof: How the Corrupted Party's Input is Given To Simulator
MDC-2 recommended IV values?
AES storing the length within the encrypted data versus storing it outside
What is ε in differential privacy?
Why is the definition of Special-honest verifier zero-knowledge probabilistic?
Authentication using AES
Extension of a password hashing algorithm using Fibonacci
What is the original SKID3 protocol?
UKS attack on KEA protocol
Indistinguishability game hop
Simple example to describe Bilinear mapping
SSL pinning - how to safely hide the certificate?
Memory hard password based key derivation functions?
How to encrypt dates using format preserving encryption and avoid collisions
Public key of a split key without calculating private key
Are deployed MACs IND-CPA?
Signatures with Hybrid Encryption
Formula for the number of expected collisions
Mathematical formula for switching the key for OTP?
How can recovered 5-letters plain text help me to recover reused OTP key
What are the constraints on using GCM with a tag size of 96 and 128 bits?
Why would you use a weaker hash function than cipher strength?
Can convergent encryption be turned into deterministic authenticated encryption with HMAC?
Any reason to use Shamir given faster XOR threshold secret sharing algos?
Generating random vector for Full Homomorphic Cryptography
How is message length involved in public/private-key encryption?
Attacking RSA signature verification that ignores padding
Proving security of TLS handshake with ProVerif
Base point in Ed25519?
Defining correct secured channel from endpoint to server
Cryptographic random numbers for key generation
Factors of the group order to secure against Pohlig-Hellman
What are the problems of IKEv1 aggressive mode (compared to IKEv1 main mode or IKEv2)?
Worst case to average case in Ring LWE
Order of MACing and Encrypting in TLS
How do we generate AES S-BOX?
Padding size with a CBC Block cipher in TLS
Understanding a faulty Needam-Schroeder protocol
How to calculate the avalanche effect in aes-256?
Modular Multiplicative Inverse and RSA?
How can I calculate the probability of collisions of a hashing algorithm?
How to generate a large random number from smaller ones?
IND-CCA1 RSA padding?
Security impact of signing small data using RSA
What are the current known weaknesses/attacks on quantum key distribution?
Where can I find NTRU test vectors?
Can one construct OTPs without using XOR?
How does the simulator of the special-honest verifier zero-knowledge property works?
Is hashing data with dynamic keys still worth effort?
Standard format to encode AES cipher and random IV
Secret Sharing Encryption
Why is it good to split a CTR-mode counter into nonce and counter?
Difference between RSA-617 and RSA-2048
Secure method of encrypting data within a database
Is SHA-1 safe for signing ECDHE parameters?
Chopping off SHA256 entropy?
How to hash similar strings to the same hash value?
Is (AES-)GCM parallelizable?
Are there simpler FHE methods than Craig Gentry's original paper?
Validate per round rather than cycle-walking in FPE
How does the HOTP dynamic truncation function generalize to longer hashes?
What kind of operations are involved in NTRU?
Same 64-bit preimage resistance security for SipHash and SHA-512/64?
Example describing Baek and Zheng’s threshold identity-based decryption scheme
How badly does disclosing an M-bit prefix of an N-bit private key compromise security?
What does "a 15360-bit RSA key is the equivalent to a 256-bit symmetric key" mean?
Given just the hash of a file, can I verify that the file contains a specific data block?
Hash and salt or salt and hash?
How hard is the Solitaire cipher to crack?
Anonymous offline digital cash scheme
Perfect secrecy with n-time key
Is RSA vulnerable to the padding oracle attack?
Mathematically / statistically "safe" way to differentiate between crypto and random blob?
How to verify the integrity of RSA encrypted messages?
Details related to the ZIP algorithm used in PGP message encryption?
Why must we generate the signature before any compression being done at PGP?
public key cryptography and authentication for cross-platform network application
DES hardware implementation of substitution lookup table [ ReWorked ]
Would the encryption of bigrams and trigrams weaken the code?
Strong LRSW assumption for type 3 pairing groups
how many pairs of plaintext-ciphertext are needed before we break AES?
Triple-DES DUKPT CBC PIN variant vs Data variant
Is there a formal definition of what a distinguisher is?
Is it possible to get an RSA encryption key by comparing the unencrypted and encrypted file?
Why not to use curve over field of $p^m$ with $p > 2$ for ECDSA?
Can it ever be impossible to invert a PRNG?
Prove that H(s) = G(!s) is a CPRNG if G(s) is one
Is calculating HMAC from hashed input a good idea?
Usage of Zero-knowledge proofs for NP-complete languages
Cryptography and FPGA
File encryption with AES CTR mode
How does the small n attack work?
Testing PRNG quality from ECC public keys?
variant of Diffie–Hellman key exchange protocol
What is this encryption system called?
Let $G$ be a PRG. Are the following $G'$ constructions based on $G$ necessarily PRGs?
Why isn't a table used to solve the large number factoring problem?
What is the difference between Shannon entropy and saying that tossing a 6-sided die 100 times has more than 256-bit entropy?
How ECDH algorithm selects modulus value?
Small subgroup confinement attack on Diffie-Hellman
Calculating $\mathbb F_{p^2}$-rational points of an elliptic curve defined over $\mathbb F_p$
Is full Homomorphic encryption quantum resistant?
Possible to detect if a message is PGP encrypted/signed (ciphertext)
Hashing a Diffie-Hellman result
Combining several symmetric ciphers using XOR
Is entropy being lost when the hash of a secret has a specific format?
Using scrypt to generate key + IV/nonce together
SHA512 vs HKDF key expansion
Is a 256 bit HMAC-SHA256 key compromised if the tail is used for identification?
How does the birthday paradox apply to random keys?
Digital Signature Attack
Diffie-Hellman in the wild
RC4 via nonlinear mixer -- sound?
Is it possible to generate backdoored DH parameters?
How to formally prove that a given hash construction is collision resistant or not?
Is there a standard for public key encrypting and signing short messages?
Combine two sha512 hashes to a single hash
Question about OR operation in fully homomorphic encryption
Probability of $D_k(a*k+b) =p$ for a PRP
Safety of AES ECB when used with openssl_seal function
Request for review: known plaintext mitigation by rotation and xor encoding
Possible to determine equivalence of hash codes from different hashing functions?
Why is there no 'ECDSA' version of 'DHE-RSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305'?
How can you produce visual cryptography?
Why the $IV$ used in Merkle–Damgård has to be fixed to a specific value?
Digital signature algorithms within the European Union
Modular reduction for NIST prime P256-- understanding the data
Is there a partially homomorphic quantum secure public key cryptosystem with IND-CCA1 security?
Is double encryption using AES using different key lengths (128 bit and then 256 bit) vulnerable?
How feasible would it be to generate 300 million public key pairs in 8 hours?
Recommended password complexity for SSH key encryption using AES-256-CBC
Are there any encryption schemes that enable to permute homomorphically?
Why an upside down path on the evaluation of branching program on encrypted data?
OTP same message encrypted twice (with different keys)
Encryption of 8 bit block of data
How to encrypt/decrypt data in an SPI BIOS FLASH
Ensuring integrity and confidentiality together with symmetric encryption
How can I handle the situation if key size is less than 64 bits in DES?
What is the difference between a random oracle and a probabilistic algorithm?
Knowing pre-encryption data, can we find the private key CryptoWall used?
Having plaintext and ciphertext, how can I learn more about key/encryption?
Envelope Encryption with asymmetric keys vs KMS
Client login without sending a password
Supersingular Isogeny Key Exchange broken?
Additive homomorphic encryption scheme without change in operator
Random Function size
Can RSA be securely used for "blind decryption"?
Is there an existing AE protocol with forward secrecy for embedded devices?
Email: Degrees of Security
What is matrix branching program?
In $\mathbb Z/p\mathbb Z$, is $(a+b\cdot r)$ a random value for fixed $a,b$ and random $r$?
Proving set membership in less than $\log{N}$ bandwidth
What is stopping someone from saving encrypted info, and decoding it later?
Clarification of RFC2246 with regards to Finished Message
Does CTR mode yield a PRF?
Symmetric key in homomorphic encryption over the integers
Shamir Secret Sharing: Why cannot we recover polynomial's root if we have $t-1$ shares?
Ciphertext size of any CPA-secure public-key encryption scheme
Inverse public-key encryption
Safe generation of $k$ points on a curve such that the mutual discrete logs are hard?
Randomness in Public Key Encryption
What was the NSA's reasoning for making their bitwise combination functions in SHA-1 the way they did?
Can iterated hashing be used to mitigate collision and preimage weaknesses?
A periodic PRNG based on hash function?
Privacy and Integrity in Public Cryptography
Encipher the following plaintext message using the Vignere method using the key K = [4,2,3]
CPA-security proof of "l-padded RSA" encryption scheme
Size of encrypted AES CEK in CMS block
One time pad- XORing or substitution
Does Curve25519 only provide 112 bit security?
Exchanging keys via third party
RSA - PKCS#1 padding - overall correction of algorithm
Hitting a counter example in homomorphic encryption over the integers
Are there ANY text strings that will generate the same SHA-512 Hash output?
In DGHV FHE, why noise $r$ can be in $(-2^{\rho'}, 0)$?
Is there any equivalent to the apache xml security library for JSON?
Proving an encrypted message contains (but does not 100% consist of) a plain-text message?
Proving an encrypted message contains (but does not 100% consist of) a plain-text message?
Key Size for Symmetric Homomorphic Encryption Over the Integers
Generate RSA-2048 private key for a VERY fast decryption (don't care if it will be unsecure)
Can we use the authentication tag as Nonce / IV for the next message?
Is Curve25519 vulnerable to private key exposure in the case of a bad RNG?
How secure is this modified Bazeries Cylinder?
Where is CFB-MAC defined?
Concepts for realization in applied cryptography
Is there a practical security difference between OTP with letters and OTP with numbers?
Authenticating with a document
TLS Handshake : Server authentication or only Server ‘s Certificate authentication?
How strong can multiple encryption be?
Given occasional LFSR samples can the next sample be computed?
Is it okay to include relative time for true random number generation?
What are the required security properties for salts?
Using same modulus for RSA
How to break this PRNG encryption scheme?
Is there really any way to nullify or avoid MITM attacks?
In HMAC-MD5 Implementation, why "i_key_pad" and "o_key_pad" if They Are Public and Constant?
Chosen plain text and chosen ciphertext definitions clarification
Can a block cipher encrypt the message to itself (plaintext equal to ciphertext)
Open source code about the basic Quisquater-Piret DFA of AES-128
Edwards / Montgomery ECC with Weierstrass Implementation?
What are the roles of the simulator in simulation based proofs
How do I create a PKCS#7 or CMS SignedData in python?
What are the differences between curve NIST P-521 and Edwards E-521 for signature?
POODLE attack on TLS 1.2
Attribute Based Encryption
Using a hash (like SHA-256) vs AES as the source for pseudo-random values in Feistel network?
What is the impact of a server not fully verifying the data in the Client Finished packet of a TLS connection?
Why Curve25519 for encryption but Ed25519 for signatures?
AES decryption vs encryption speed
Confusion regarding computing Multiplicative Inverse Modulo P?
OpenSSL ECDH key exchange mechanism
What are coding schemes for timing channels
qkd - Does BB84 rely on a prearranged code?
What is the state of cryptographic obfuscation in 2015?
Verify a RSA signature using only RSA encryption
pairing parameters in PBC library
Could eVoting on the bitcoin blockchain be done?
Fibonacci LFSR, recovering previous bits
Test vectors for TLS PRF function
How to determine the order of an elliptic curve group from its parameters?
TLS Cipher Suite definitions
How much processing power should you assume an attacker has?
Why can ssh-keygen export a public key in PEM PKCS8 format?
Use of the IV for the CBC Block Cipher in TLS1.2
Do $v_1=\alpha\cdot r_1$ and $v_2=\alpha\cdot r_2$ leak information about $\alpha$
Finding Galois LFSR and its initial configuration
Where is Signaturevalue in Certificate?
CBC-MAC just to verify integrity
Most Secure Exchange of Keys
Hashing entropy with only 128 bits of internal state
have a question in the book "introduction to modern cryptography"
How to derive a symmetric key from ECDH shared secret?
What procedure to use to verify a raw public key (TLS ECDHE_EDCSA ciphersuite)?
PRF and pairwise independent hash function
Using Skein as PRNG
Encrypted Data length in a CBC Block Cipher
On the fly signatures and zero-knowledge
How to calculate elliptic curve parameters?
What could be the problem with this TLS 1.2 Client Finished Message approach?
Possibility of the encrypted text being the same as the supplied plain text!
Do Curtmola et al.'s IND-CKA1/2 security definitions protect against search pattern leakage?
Two rounds of SHA-256 HMAC?
Is it possible to have E=D and Ke <> Kd?
SHA-256 Reversing A String of Equal Length
Fixed-points in block ciphers; why don't they indicate a vulnerability?
Encryption algorithm used in WPA/WPA2
What are the strenghts and weaknesses of Whirlpool Hashing Algorithm
Whats the point of an IV if public?
How did G.H. Hardy's work contribute to today's public-key cryptography?
What is tiger192,4 in PHP?
OpenPGP Public-Key algorithm
How To prove Any Change to $v=a\cdot y+b$ maks $y=(a)^{−1}\cdot (v−b)$ Uni. random value
How long does it take to brute force a Wordpress password?
Efficiency of McEliece cryptography (ciphertext expansion)
ECDH and ECDSA in PGP with known public key
Could someone explain the given algorithm?
How does FileVault2 Recovery actually work?
How to enforce data privacy, integrity and authenticity of distributed firmware images for an embedded device?
(Uniformly) Random Value when an element is picked with $\frac{1}{p-1}- \frac{1}{(p-1)^2}\ $ probability
Is Shoup's Practical Threshold Signatures considered secure?
Is it possible to encrypt data points but still be able to select the ones "near" a given value?
What is the hardness in Decisional Linear Assumption (DLIN)?
Variable length variable output encryption with out any padding?
If my server utilises an RSA based certificate, why does firefox think I am using Diffie Hellman?
RSA: Is it secure to use the private key to encrypt and the public key to decrypt?
Reason for replacing mifare classic
Authenticate encrypted seed for KEM + AEAD hybrid cryptosystem
Is it safe to reuse a symmetric key when using asymmetric encryption?
Which data encryption mechanism to use for data transfer?
Why can we ignore $y$ when using the extended Euclidean algorithm to calculate an RSA decryption exponent?
Is it safe to exchange cryptographic salt and initialization vector in messages?
Is the warning given by chrome warranted?
Is simple XOR with secret key using DHE secure?
Reverse output of general Fibonacci LFSR
How to deliver an encrypted message to multiple recipients without revealing keys
Is there an encryption format that preserves length and only outputs alphanumerics?
Implement AES with 16 bit block size?
Crypto-period for keys used in PRF
Definition of authenticity
Fast 128-bit MAC with second preimage resistance?
1024 RSA Hash Signature attack. Forge a valid signature
Why is ECIES complex?
2 round GOST_28147-89 cipher distinguisher
Is it bad practice to use the message digest of the plaintext as the initialization vector?
Lower defree annihilator of function
Encrypt with one cipher and decrypt with a different cipher?
Is there a system where I can securely store a secret value and compare a semi-ambiguous input to it?
Hiding identifying data while allowing matching?
What are the first 4 and last 2 bytes in DH parameter files?
Basic Encryption and Decryption related question
How is OID 2a 86 48 86 f7 0d parsed as 1.2.840.113549?
Security of a signature scheme based on both factoring and discrete logarithms
Authenticate ephemeral key exchange
How to determine the RSA Private key size from the Public.key file?
How to propagate error in variable-sized message?
Is there an upper bound to the private exponent in RSA?
Leakage in Secure Two party Computation
Precisely how does CBC mode use the initialization vector?
Detecting steganography by analysing non-significant data entropy?
A secure function evaluation problem and an alternative of 1 out of n oblivious transfer?
Distribution based integer factorization
When is the Random Oracle model (not) necessary?
Are there any test vectors for the CMS content type AuthEnvelopedData (for AES-GCM)?
XTEA: patterns in plain text
In the RSA encryption system, are there not multiple messages m that give the same cipher text c?
Is EncFS good for online storage services?
Determining if a ciphertext can be decrypted
Comparing two definitions of one-way function
Is this a proper PBKDF2 key derivation function algorithm?
Paillier Cryptosystem - Practical applications?
How to generate unique (random) numbers that can be traced back to a unique source number?
How to prove that the Permutation cipher is not CPA secure?
ciphertext packing for bandwidth optimization
Explain same encryption time for two files of different sizes
apprSVP in lattices
Picking a nonce in the context of CCM (CTR with CBC-MAC) mode
Subkey generation in OMAC1/CMAC with XTEA?
What are the practical limitations of Asymmetric encryption vs Symmetric encryption?
Where can I find a versatile PKI and library leveraging curve25519?
FIPS 140-2 Compliance Testing
Double Encryption Using same key
Encryption on the cloud with versioning
What is the meaning of the overlapping region on OTP-perfect secrecy diagram?
Is it secure to concatenate two 16-bit random numbers into a 32-bit one?
Is there a way to slow down collision attacks using iteration?
Obtain 384 bits from a 256bit MasterSecret
In bilinear pairings, is it possible to let someone be only able to decrypt ciphertexts in $G_1$ but not able to decrypt the ciphertexts in $G$?
Does SRP also authenticate the server to the client?
Does $(u_1=r_1\cdot x,\ \ w_1=r_1\cdot z, \ \ u_2=r_2\cdot x,\ \ w_2=r_2\cdot z)$ Leak Information?
Modified version of a CPA-secure encryption scheme
Signing and verifying message consisting of several parts
Symmetric stream cipher, is it known?
Effect of ESSIV when used with XTS
What was the first MD5 collision ever constructed?
Limit the number of private key uses for RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5 with SHA-256 signature?
Is it secure to use order preserving encryption in practice?
Attacks on WinRAR volumes reusing same password?
CPA and pseudorandom generator
Implementing 5 modes of operation with a hash function
Is base64 the best two-way hash function to encrypt and transmit a set of integer numbers via the internet?
TLS: How is the shared secret (via Diffie-Hellman) used in the symmetric crypto function?
Adding two RSA private key
Is it not secure if we use weak passwords to protect exported PKCS #12 files with private keys?
Switching between AES and a highly performant algorithm
Birthday-attack calculation in planning password salting strategy
Is it possible to reverse the birthday attack calculation?
Non CPA on custom MAC
If you were to design a PKI from scratch, what would you do?
Why can't we use a hash with no collision to compress data reliably?
Maximum steganographic embedding rate not detectable by steganalysis?
Do random oracles are called even by honest users in the PAK protocol [BMK00]?
LFSR, different bits from different initial states
Are the values of Tate and Ate pairing the same?
Challenge-Response Phases in IND-CPA
Is ChaCha20 alone sufficient for securing data-at-rest?
AES S-Box Affine Mapping - how to do it?
Quantitatively measure the private information revealed by a matrix?
Zero-Knowledge Proof of Subgraph Isomorphism
Authenticating code securely and generating a certificate
How to understand RSA Proofs of correctness at Wikipedia
Forward-secure static-ephemeral ECDH key agreement protocol
If I know the hash function that produced a hash key, how easily can I generate an input to hash to the same key?
How do I tack on "additional data" to libsodium's public-key authenticated encryption?
Using related pair of cryptographic keys to open/seal plaintext
How does the ring settings of enigma change wiring tables?
Would it matter if my miner was hashing random vs incremental values?
Cryptographically linkable random tokens
Generating a 30-32-bit PRP
Why a key pair is used in OpenSSL ECDSA_sign or ECDSA_do_sign instead of only private key ?
Are shorter password hashes safe?
Lower bound of key space size with relaxed perfect secrecy
How does DSA provide non-repudiation in proving a document was properly displayed (not altered or displayed incorrectly)?
Encrypt a message with hash function, shared symmetric key, but no cipher
Practical benefit of using a KDF?
How can AES + cycle walking be used as an FPE?
Is succinct verification of an arbitrary data transformation theoretically possible? Is it feasible? How?
Sextic twist maps to q Eigenspace of Frobenius
Elliptic curve point addition with $Z_1 = Z_2 = 1$
How is a public/private key pair generated from a Diffe-Hellman key exchange?
Why not use OAEP for signatures?
Homomorphic Encryption vs. Garbled circuits
Use of q-ary lattices in developing cryptosystems
When did Kerckhoffs's principle become fully accepted in design and practice of modern ciphers?
Avoiding replay attack on certified announcements
Bobcat hash, trying to find a 48-bit hash collision for x
Number generation for Fujisaki-Okamoto commitment scheme parameters
Secure method for encrypting 32 byte private keys
Are there any existing ASN.1 structures for transferring symmetric keys?
What is the significance of the Period of a Steam Cipher
Help defining a shift cipher mathematically
Is there a standard format for compact 56-bit DES keys?
Digital signatures using a partially public key
Why is (gy, gx) signed in STS (station-to-station)?
Is this scheme to derive multiple keys secure?
research on Encryption for master
If I compute the SHA-1 of all possible 40 digits hexadecimal strings, will I get all possible sha1 hashes?
Is reverse NTRU still secure?
Define "cryptographer"
converting finite field elements to octet strings
Batch ElGamal Scheme
Safe curves in Weierstrass form?
Shared modulus attack on RSA
Are Anonymity and Authentication possible together?
Is there specific name for simple XOR with ADD/SUB encoding?
How does the Efficient Fully Homomorphic Encryption from (Standard) LWE work?
Must root certificates be self signed?
Determine if a public key point y is negative or positive, odd or even?
ElGamal Signatures
Do we have to consider the cryptographic properties of the decryption, if we're only using the encryption?
RSA: special parameters construction
Secure "table-look-up" operation
Encryption Algorithms in Verilog code
Do ECDH and ECDSA combined solution provide an authenticated protocol exchange solution in MCU environment?
TLS_PSK and perfect forward secrecy
What are the number of output bits of the internal function F used in BPS algorithm?
How can a Encrypt-And-MAC scheme be insecure if the encryption is CCA secure?
Need some understanding on RSA public key exponent
Is there a way to encrypt an integer within an arbitrary range?
PKCS#7 message content
generate RSA public key having public modulus and exponent
Paillier cryptosystem, small integers and range of values
Why is the tweak length 64bit in BPS FPE algorithm?
How exactly is an enigma simulation software supposed to encrypt alphabets?
Is it safe to use single-block AES for mutual authentication?
Is it possbile to get same set of public and private keys twice while creating CSR ? If so where does the conflict happens !?
How can cryptographic signatures be somehow linked to a physical signature?
Powerline password conversion
Which ECB ciphertext stealing scheme is this?
How to use AES correctly in BPS Format Preserving Encryption
Why is GCM only usable for ciphers with a 128-bit block size?
How to generate backup key for PBKD functions?
Diffie-Hellman secret key choices
Why does GnuPG save an array of remainders when generating prime numbers?
Is it possible to add error propagation to OTP?
PKCS#11 Sessions
how to get the file used to brute force any encryption method
Encrypting a 160-bit plaintext into a 160 bit ciphertext with a 128-bit Block Cipher
DES and using the S-Box 1
Combining md5 collisions to create more collisions
Has there been any research on entropy efficient information-theoretically secure PRNGs?
Is this distributed OTP scheme secure?
Is it possible to create "non overlapping" RNGs?
Why the group order has to be prime for pairing-based cryptography
Quantum on hash
What is the difference between CPA and IND-CPA?
Can an encryption method be used as a hash function?
Stream Ciphers and cycling questions
How to exctract ECDH parameters from an OpenSSL-generated $G$?
Certificate Path Verification of X509 Certificate
How can IND-CPA encryption be identity revealing?
Is it secure to use TOTP with same key and different time-counters?
How is RSA able to prevent brute forcing using the public key?
Why do we require a CSPRNG's output to be indistinguishable from true random?
lcm versus phi in RSA
Bcrypt input length vs collisions
Problem with applying threshold scheme
Perfect Secrecy of AES file Encryption
hash functions preimage and second collision resistance
Perfect hash function
Byte size of Diffie-Hellman public values
ephemeral-ephemeral ECDH and MITM attack
Is it safe to use MD5 in a proof of work system?
Does the length of the keyword used for keytable for Playfair matter?
How can I prove I have a certain Facebook account by signature?
Is a timing side channel attack effective when the leaked information is related to the result of a hash?
Data in frequency modulated audio
Is it possible to apply hill-climbing algorithm to Diffie–Hellman?
RSA 1024 bit forge a new matching signature from a chosen message
Is it safe to initialize secret keys by just reading /dev/random on Linux?
What does CA certs contains? public key of site or CA?
Generating unbiased numbers with a biased six sided die?
Performance of Fully homomorphic encryption VS Paillier encryption in Practice
Understanding CPA and CCA Secure
Calculating the average key search time of DES
Weird base64-like (?) encoding
Probabalistic Polynomial-time Algorithms & One-way functions
How to break a columnar transposition cipher?
SHA-256 "almost unique"?
ABE Attributes Based Encryption
How does RSA compute such enormous numbers?
How to find the value of a vector modulo a basis in lattice-based cryptography
Is my protocol that uses hybrid cryptography and AES-GCM secure?
Best way to implement secure client/server communication in Python
Is there a correct way to generate a symmetric key?
Are there MD5 collisions for inputs of different length?
Profile Complexity LFSR
How to show something is not a one-way function?
How to derive a key from an existing AES key?
Security of SRP-6a against impersonating server choosing small/wrong N
Binary equation with encryption
Wanted: Simple ring signature example
Hash functions vs. keyed hash functions in the context of private key generation
Computing the padding of MD5
For the scrypt HMAC storage format, why run the input of the hash and the hash itself into the HMAC
For hardware encryptions, is it possible to know the key by analysing the hardware?
What is a "freestart collision"?
X509 certificates: Two Algorithm Identifiers?
Is it worth hiding an AES encrypted text string in a PNG image for better security?
Hypothetical encryption technique, is it secure?
Creating own ciphertext after a padding oracle attack?
The example of Wikipedia on steganography doesn't work
How does a perfect hash function work?
Construct points with the same discrete logarithm
Inverting RSA function
Is there a cryptographic protocol that let's me prove someone has a large binary?
Secret only known on consensus
How to protect key in software
PKCS5 having no padding?
What is the notion of an interactive assumption?
Encrypt hash using hash of hash?
Inverting One-Way Functions
Are there full cycle cryptographic/one-way hash primitives?
Avalanche effect sample size
Can an ephemeral RSA key give forward secrecy?
Are HTTPS web sessions non-repudiable?
What is the complexity of finding SHA-1 collisions?
Effect of message length on collision attacks
Can homomorphic decryption of DES be practical?
Is it possible to find a Mersenne Twister seed given only the first output?
Weaknesses of RFC6628
Weakness of SRP after server compromise
Encoding scalar values to points on Ed25519
MD5 Collision Attack Explained
Testing hash functions for collision resistance
For any hash value, is there an infinite number of inputs that hash to it?
Using a product of a series of curve25519 scalars as a private key
Why many passes at file removal?
Does a padding oracle have the encryption key? Where in real life do I see such an oracle?
ECDH or RSA more secure for symmetric key wrapping?
Very short signatures? (eg: 48bits?)
Raw /dev/random output for keymat
Given a linear block-cipher,how can an attacker decrypt any plaintext value encrypted,using 128 chosen ciphertexts
The benefit of PBKDF2 for big keyfile?
What is required to decrypt an encrypted file?
How can I turn this cipher into a perfect cipher by altering only its encryption algorithm?
Should the signature be prefix or postfix to the message in the sign-then-encrypt scheme?
Is there any benefit of changing the AES-CCM encryption key periodically even if the Nonce space is not exhausted yet?
Is there a standard prefix random padding scheme?
How hard to solve the given mod problem
How to clock a linear feedback shift register?
Scale-Invariant DGHV Scheme - Decryption
Can cryptographically useful pairings only be used with elliptic curves?
Adding dummy bytes to ciphertext
Concrete example of Weil Pairing
RSA Signature Verification Implementation on Cortex M0
Properly storing an E-mail Password
Can a file encrypted with one tool be decrypted with different tool?
HMAC key storage for a web app?
SHA256: Padding a 512 bits length message
Values of p and q when e = 3 (RSA)?
Why does TLS 1.2 use GCM with additional SHA hash?
Deciphering “easy” ciphers without hints
Data Switching and Information Leakage
Number of qubits and breaking hashes
Proving the security of a one-way function with partially known input
Solving Vigenére with unknown alphabet
State level "Weak Diffie-Hellman" working for SRP too?
Does an encrypted random sequence conserve its "randomness"?
Secure Key exchange using javacard applet
How to detect changes in data while preserving confidentiality (under constraints)?
Can a billion elliptic curve keys be generated on a laptop in less than an hour?
Hiding the identity of a party within the Kerberos authentication scheme
Memory-hard proof-of-work: are they ASIC-resistant?
Fast forwarding hash functions
AMD's implementation of RDRAND instruction
Design for file transfers to a new party
Does Mersenne Twister generate homogeneous numbers?
Changing encryption key without revealing the original key
AES-256 mode with per-block-key being a SHA-256 of SHA-256 of secret key, random public salt and block number. What's amiss?
How does Diffie–Hellman differ from elliptic curve Diffie–Hellman?
Explanation of vector in Visual Cryptography
What level of security is provided when a Feistel Cipher is used as a round function of another Feistel Cipher?
AES/DES question about determine a key
Encrypt large data with RSA through blocks in java
Can the round function $F$ in a Feistel Network be practically any non-invertible function?
What Diffie-Hellman parameters should I use?
Is there a difference between asking for a signature and asking for a decryption in challenge-response authentication?
Fingerprint RSA public key in PKCS1 format
Why is it OK for secretbox to leak the message length?
Small Quantum Signatures - Reality check needed
What is the lightweight key exchange protocol of choice?
Security guarantees of Shamir's secret sharing when some co-efficients are zero
Collision likelihood from /dev/urandom for VMs using the same underlying hardware
How to use CRT to compute 4 square roots while decryption in Rabin Cryptosystem
How to overcome issues with big ciphers? E.g. with small vs. big Vigenére Ciphers
Discrete Logarithm problem with inverse
Transforming EC public key X and Y-sign into X and Y
Designing Secure Multi-Party Computation Sub-Protocols Based on Homomorphic Encryption
Output of using the same key in all 3 boxes of 3DES
Deriving a Set of Seeds from a Seed
Is pseudorandom function also a one-way function?
Is frequency analysis a viable attack on non-text data encoded by substitution?
SSL implementation in windows?
How to prove that a commitment hides the decryption of an ElGamal ciphertext?
Is there an existing cryptography algorithm / method that both encrypts AND compresses text?
How can I multiply an additively homomorphic encrypted value by a float number?
What is the meaning of probabilistic encryption algorithm?
Triple DES as cryptographic hash function
Semantic Security and Equal Message Length in the Context of Public Key Cryptography
What is the most secure encryption algorithm to encrypt my password database?
HMAC-SHA256 on large data files
Carrying out a known-plaintext attack on a cipher
Algorithm to transform plaintext to a key of desired keysize, when using input plaintext as key for FPE?
Designing an AES-based protocol for controlling and acessing ioT boards via RF
How to prove knowledge of discrete logarithm in a product?
Is there a way to prove equality of plaintext that was encrypted using different public keys?
How to compromise the privacy of NaCl encrypted messages, when nonce is reused?
Can j-invariants be used to decide which elliptic curves are suiteable for cryptography?
Galois Field ($2^{16}$) for encryption in place of $GF(2^8)$ in AES
What is the 'identity function' in AES?
Degree of M and Max Sequence Length for LFSR
Is there an additively homomorphic encryption scheme that supports calculating a square root on the ciphertext?
How bad is it to use the identity function as hash for ECDSA?
File encryption using per-user-encrypted shared key
Simple digital signature example that one could compute without a computer?
Fast reduction in $GF(2^{128})$ using x86 `PCLMULQDQ`
Re-sending captured encrypted data
XTS-AES key management
Parity of an encrypted key
Symmetric-like cyphers with several steps
Obtain Enigma key having a encrypted text and the plain text
Is it possible to combine cryptography with steganography
(Lightweight) Multicast one-way Authentication
RSA reconstructing private key knowing MSBs
One Time Pads and reuse of the decrypted message?
How is "post-quantum security" proven/shown?
How does Intel TXT prevent spoofing of PCR values?
What is the most an adversary can do in the context of public key masquerading?
Signature to prove of ownership of arbitrary sized data
Can Grover's Algorithm be combined with a meet-in-the-middle attack?
Is md5(x)&md5(y&x) secure?
All the affine points on the curve
Would it be better to split a file and then encrypt, or vice versa?
I read ECB is bad because the same plaintext outputs the same ciphertext. Isn't that a requirement of a cipher?
How to calculate Enc(-m) from Enc(m) in Paillier cryptosystem?
Double randomised HMAC verification to prevent timing attack
equation of mixcolumn in the aes field
How were semagrams encrypted in the pre-digital era?
Find plaintext from two ciphers encrypted with a one-time pad and the same key
Having doubt in Rijndael Algorithm- coding for decryption
Symmetric encryption with compression for MySQL DB data
Proving that a node is the only child
How to key an HMAC with keys from separate mutually untrusted parties?
Unknown authenticated encryption mode
Multiplication in elliptical curve cryptography
Block Cipher Without Key Schedule?
Are EC public/private keys significantly weakened by having a known byte?
How do we solve Shammir 2,3 sharring scheme where arithmetic is modulo?
Coin flipping with limited communication between participants
Difference between oracle behavior and real execution
Initializing PGP keys by one side
Why is "semantically secure" important for cryptosystems?
Pseudo random generator vs block encryption, which is faster?
How to toggle a bit homomorphically ?
How to use this homNAND gate?
How is bitslicing faster?
Do Weak Elliptic Curves Exist?
Discrete logarithms: large prime modulus vs. large semi prime modulus
What about using only XOR gates in homomorphic encryption?
Is there a way to optimize a linear scan while preserving anonymity?
Signing integers and UUIDs and restoring them from a third party server without tampering
Simplest way for strong cryptography in chat
Can a one-way accumulator be used in place of a digital signature?
MD5 hash different between sources - different hash for the same string
What is the correct way to notate elliptic curve properties
How to test a FHE implementation?
Can the salting function complexity improve the hash robustness?
regular expression matching on encrypted data using secure multiparty computation
Algorithm for generating OAuth tokens
Can I expand the modulus of an encryption scheme?
Single bit error in CBC
How to build a difference distribution table?
KFB mode - key feedback
Curve25519 - Alice can decrypt her own message to Bob?
How do you communicate the hash function used with RSA signing?
Security game oracle queries
Which is/are the strongest known Fully Homomorphic Encryption scheme(s)?
Security of a self-decrypting block-cipher?
How to convert RSA public keys to one key to use for text hashing?
how to decrypt hidden text under numbers?
TPM authorization Digest calculation
Developing algorithm for detecting plain text via frequency analysis
Is XTS basically the cheapest form of (secure) double-encryption?
Is it possible to reduce the size of an RSA key?
how does the simulator work when the corrupted party has no input?
Is there any reason not to use Single-Key EM with AES and a constant key?
Large primes p and q for RSA
How to generate public key for ATV-FHE scheme?
PRF that can be distinguished after $k$ queries?
Encrypt letters separately?
Can e = 2 be used in unpadded RSA?
How to use a secret to allow the generation of public keys, where the private keys can be calculated later
What is the bound for the probability distribution for ATV-FHE scheme?
SHA-256 Hash over multiple SHA-256 Hashes
Is it possible and safe to use SAKKE for signing/verification, rather than for encryption?
Making Pascal Paillier' output absolute
Is signing a plaintext sufficient?
Finding key of AES in ECB mode
Why are there so many stream ciphers out there and even ongoing research?
Is it safe to generate ECDSA keys from the hash of the previous, over and over again?
Should Increment functions be near-constant time?
Possible to guess RSA public key $e$ using $n$ and $\phi$
Are all possible EC private keys valid?
Is there a 1:1 mapping between private and public EC keys?
Storing a secure key in an embedded device's memory
Public Key Encryption using ECDHE and AES-GCM
Is it wise to use HOTP (raw bytes) as a key for HMAC?
EC algorithm to derive bits/keys and sign/verify
Understanding SSL vulnerability within Apple's GOTOFAIL
Is it possible to recover an RSA modulus from its signatures?
Usefulness of ability to calculate $m^{p+q}$ with RSA
Forcing participants to be honest in Secure Multiparty Communication
What is the correct name for bytes which are to be signed?
Is it usual for a signed message to contain the public key of the signer?
How to compare performances of lattice-based and pairing-based IBE schemes
Can you explain “k out of n” from the VCS paper by Naor and Shamir
Is there an algorithm to hide text in another text, while preserving the meaning of the latter?
Is there a standard notation for a message concatenated with its signature?
Is it possible to correct the exponent of an RSA public key if it has been altered?
Salary Negotiation Problem
Why is only one oracle + challenge-response phase sufficient for IND-CPA security?
Which method to generate one time password?
Why does the modulus of Diffie–Hellman need to be a prime?
With ECDSA is there a way for the verifier to calculate any properties of $k$?
With EC secp256k1 is there a way of transforming a function of the private key to a function of the public key?
What is scale-invariance notion of a fully homomorphic encryption scheme?
Is there a library-less implementation of DSA available to read?
How does the size of the prime affect Elliptic Curve Bit Security?
Best practises to generate IV for AES-CTR in this scenario
PublicKey Unknown Encoding
RSA time function
How many bits of an exponent are leaked when doing a powmod?
How to calculate LOW(b) and HIGH(b) in spritz cryptography
Is there a single-use signature scheme, where a second use of the private key discloses it to the world?
How to compare two CSPRNGs?
What communications security protocols exist that aren't based on PKC?
ECDH security when no KDF is used
Homomorphic Encryption with Addition and Exponentiation
Is this a correct way of use symmetric encryption?
For a given plaintext-ciphertext pair, how many valid AES keys are there?
gpg --gen-random quality level: is higher "better"?
How does generating random numbers "remove entropy from your system"?
EdDSA Verification vs. Cofactorless Verification
In FHE over integers is each bit of the cyphertext encrypted under the new key?
Why is SSL/TLS so complicated?
Why do cryptographic hashes need to be fixed length?
Three party coin flipping protocol with only 2 active participants
A (current or soon-to-be) NIST-recommended alternative to ECC?
Are private and public key sizes of Elliptic curve related?
Is it interesting to design stream ciphers parametrized by a CSPRNG?
Alter plaintext in block cipher AES in CBC mode
Difference between SHA1 and SHA1HMAC?
what is the difference between one way function and hard core predicate?
PathORAM with read path eviction
Is using same key pair for both encryption and signing secure in RSA
Cracking a hash which descends to a single value after repeated hashes
Diffie-Hellman using a different modulus on both sides
Why is the XOR of plaintexts equal to the XOR of ciphertexts with a two time pad?
Is it possible for a simulator to always abort?
Remotely Verify File Timestamp
Hardware Random Numbers - How to convert Voltage signal into binary?
Is there a standardized tree hash?
What is the difference between "securely realizes" and "securely implements"?
Can several run of a semi-honest protocol be used to infer malicious security?
Cracking passwords with more than 10 characters in a few hours?
Why does HKDF use HMAC(salt, key) instead of HMAC(key, salt)?
Private and Public Keys
How many polynomials are used in Secure Multiparty Computation?
Find a constant $C$ in $O(Cn^2)$?
Are there key collisions in AES-192, AES-256?
IV re-use for Salsa20
Modular arithmetics in diffie-hellman
Is it true that 7zip doesn't use any salt with its KDF?
References for combining LFSRs with different lengths and taps?
Why can't I reverse a hash to a possible input?
Hash email address with a non-random salt for moderate security?
A "one time pad" can be thought of a Vigenere cipher with
Encrypted vs unencrypted digital signatures
How do I check if the secret key polynomial of the ATV-FHE (NTRU based) scheme is invertible?
TLS RSA Certificate with Elliptic Curve Negotiation
Easy hash function collision
Is a nonce considered 'secret' enough for HMAC?
Is it possible to have self-authenticated message?
Proving for a single input vs several inputs. Is there any difference?
What is the DK function when generating an AES key for Kerberos 5?
Why is RSA encryption version 1.0 not specified in an RFC?
How can one protect against a Man In The Middle attack during key exchange without using certificates?
If PRF is non invertible, why does Ctr-mode work?
Where can I get the correct and precise algorithms for elliptic curve cryptography?
Prevent replay attack without storage
How many Hashes to find a digest of 2^{n−k}?
MD5 Hash outputs not produced
Which precautions to protect against side-channel attacks on ARX ciphers?
Does complicating a flawed algorithm make it secure?
If a PRG is constructed by iterating a PRF, is it backtracking-resistant?
Encryption that can only be decrypted once?
Why do 1st and 3rd key have to be the same in 2 key 3DES?
RSA vs ECDSA/ECDH
Test vectors representation
Calculating Phi(M) and D for RSA decryption given p,q,e
Confused with 128-bits AES round numbers
Grouping in BGN
Relationship between exponent and modulus in RSA (as RSA properties as listed in X.509)
what problem happen if we always use IV Zero in CBC Mode?
Is there any relation between two strings with the same MD5 hash?
Are all encryption tools made equal?
Help with pseudorandom functions
Time complexity of trial division
Use case for extendable-output functions (XOF) such as SHAKE128/SHAKE256
Do low-entropy fingerprints actually make any sense?
Factorizing N to derive D
How does a Hashing algorithm always result in a digest in a fixed size?
Consequence of a change on the Guillou-Quisquater Protocol
IV larger than block size of cipher?
Can the Smart-Vercauteren Homomorphic Encryption be implemented as a practical fully homomorphic encryption scheme?
Strength of a cryptography algorithm
Leading 00 in RSA public/private key file
How is a group element converted into a key?
Key material leak from initialized cipher?
on broadcast encryption
Proving collision resistance of a hash function?
Why is Tor alone not enough to guarantee anonymity for Bitcoin?
Symmetric encryption using RSA for random generated password
Cracking simple RSA when just the ciphertext and one public key is known
Is it secure to use ciphertext feedback with RC4?
Is it an overkill to add external integrity check to the AES-GCM encoding?
Branchless AES Implementation
Is a hash "reset sequence" possible?
How to prove that a SKE scheme is IND-CPA secure
Is this ECC based messaging method secure?
Status of Algebraic Eraser key exchange?
Improving security of (authentication) protocol
Securely generating auth tokens
Is it OK to use a secret IV as key when creating keyed MD5 checksum for fixed-size data?
Using a SHA512 hash to encrypt data
HMAC vs ECDSA for JWT
What part of an RSA key is referred to by the number of bits?
Is there a scheme where two cipher texts can be proven to have the same (unencrypted) content?
Are there any FHE-MPC schemes implemented?
Are there any real-world E-voting systems in use with the Paillier cryptosystem?
How to compare the efficiency of public key cryptosystems, i.e., RSA vs El Gamal?
Using AWS KMS with AES GCM
How long does it take to decrypt an RSA/ECB encrypted message?
Signing/verification between Java and the OpenSSL
Keyless integrity checking with SHA-256
Key derivation function in theory & practice
Given PRNG $G(s)$, why is $G(s) || G(s+1)$ not a PRNG?
Simulation-based proofs and universal composability proofs
Is it possible to get my x,y coordinates from my "secret exponent"?
How does padding oracle attack work with bytes larger than possible length?
How do we measure number of possible encryptions in One Time Pad
Does CPA attack assumption requires the oracle to have the key?
Is there any reason not to use EdDSA with Weierstrass curves?
For AES CBC, can I encrypt the IV with AES ECB and the same key and include it with the message?
Is it safe to use AES-CBC like this?
Which is better: “serialize and then encrypt” or “encrypt and then serialize”?
Upper bound on r* on page 7 in the Scale Invariant Fully Homomorphic Encryption over the Integers paper
How to generate a bilinear group of prime order p for key generation
CTR DRBG dependent on request size?
State of the art techniques for Anonymous Authentication?
Is there a way to do single key-pair asymmetric encryption?
Breaking a Modified Caesar Cipher
How to find the integer multiplicand from given two points?
Probability of guessing random 128-bit AES key
Memory hard key derivation (password hash) using AES encryption
Why can you reverse a modulo function when knowing its primes
Decoding base64 encoded message with a key
Elliptic Curve Blind Signature Implementation
Reference AES-NI assembler code for AES-128-GCM?
secure PRF or not
How does ABE decryption works?
Key Derivation Function (KDF): Can a key derived from KDF be considered as a secure key?
Exactly how slow is asymmetric encryption?
Multiple levels of encryption
Does CP-ABE have any disincentive to share secret keys
Why does the Secure Remote Protocol have resistance of dictionary attack?
How to check the signature without the predetermined function in ECDSA from openssl?
Password hashing security of argon2 versus bcrypt/PBKDF2?
What's the perfect chain length : number of chains ratio for rainbow tables?
Miller Rabin - Error probability of .5 a possibility?
David Chaum's anonymous credential
Taking half of a X bits hash key as secure as using a X/2 bit hash function?
How to calculate $v_k(s)$ in Quadratic Arithmetic Program?
How to use a stream cipher to sign a message?
What followed findings of A. Lenstra et al. concerning shared factors of practical RSA moduli?
How does non-linearity (S-box) add security to AES?
Brute force attack multiple stream cipher
Can Pseudorandom values be used as secure keys?
Truncating ciphertexts on ring-LWE schemes
How about a homomorphic integer sorting in a MPC context?
Why are the first 4-6 characters from ssh-keygen (RSA) the same everytime?
Will entropy be lost by using a DRBG?
Why do stream ciphers use a nonce?
Confused about how chosen ciphertext attacks work?
Why is PuTTYgen-created RSA public exponent(e) not in {3,17,65537}?
how to calculate maximum data size of an RSA signature
Public key crypto instead of hashing passwords in a database
Why do $\alpha$ and the private key value in diffie-hellman should be from $2$ to $p-2$
Checking for factor base
Is this MAC scheme secure?
Find plaintext of RSA by solving extended euclidean algorith for two encrptions with two different exponents for same plaintext
Bilinear map assumpion
Memory hardness of key derivation function through XOR-ring multiple matrix values
Does the RSA algorithm use repeated squaring?
ECC keys vulnerable to brute force attack?
How to force non-negative int64_t output for blowfish encryption with int32_t input?
Should I authenticate memory data which was loaded from authenticated disk file?
How can I use the whole potential of DES?
Deletion in RSA Accumulator
Backdoorable hash function in password database
Lattice attacks against Multilinear Maps [CLT13]
Multi-Party Encryption for a Shared Document
Edwards / Montgomery ECC over binary extension fields
Help understanding basic Franklin-Reiter related message attack
User revocation in Identity Based Encryption
StoredKey in Salted Challenge Response Mechanism (SCRAM)
Multiple NTRU public keys for the same private key?
Cryptographic hash with ability to ignore specific bits based on a hidden pattern?
Which hash function is usually used in RSA?
Fully homomorphic encryption arbitrary functions formulation
How can there be AES-256-GCM, when GCM is defined for 128-sized blocks?
RSA: Most significant key bit always 1?
Using HMAC as a nonce with AES-CTR encrypt-and-MAC
Problem reproducing AES results
paradox on fully homomorphic equality checking
Rogue CA Certificate MD5 Collision Control
Reusing same source for single-source randomness extractor
RSA: must $d$ be an integer?
Muchomor cipher
bank websites using AES_256_CBC vs AES_128_GCM/CBC
Big block cipher as memory-hard function
S boxes in Blowfish
Implementation specific differences between RDRAND and RDSEED
More rounds after AES related key attack?
What is the difference between LCG and Affine cipher?
Is the RC4 keystream random or not?
RSA & DH at risk due to math advances, will this eventually affect elliptic curves too?
May I use Random Oracle for Inversed Look-up?
Cryptographic operations for NISTP256 can be implemented using montgomery method?
Why does the time complexity of RSA encryption and decryption depend on the size of the modulus?
How to force an adversary to call a certain oracle?
How does a user register his verifier at host in SRP (Secure Remote Password) protocol?
Are there comprehensive alternatives to RSA?
What Does This Symbol Mean? (Hardcore Predicates for One-Way Functions)
How to prove secret value in Pedersen commitment is equal to secret value in Fujisaki commitment?
Why does GPG ciphertext length differ with fixed plaintext length?
How much entropy is generated by 'random' human keystrokes?
Finding collisions for the DES F-function
programming a sniffer for AES GCM with gcrypt
Continuous stream of strong randomness from limited entropy?
Implementing AES-CBC (Matasano Crypto Challenge 10)
How does constant-time comparison work?
Comparing messages given only the ciphertext
Probabilistic RSA, IND CPA
How can I factorize a 350 bit (106 decimal digits) number in two prime factors?
Checking the integrity of RSA public key
Are there any long term RC4 bias based exploits?
Does including the size of the hashed data improve security over just the hash
How are all necessary parameters shared between signer and verifier in ED25519 signature scheme?
Few questions about CBC MAC
How does the certificate trust model work in detail?
Cryptography of numbers
the decryptNode function for leaf nodes in CP-ABE
Perfect Forward Secrecy in PGP/asynchronous email
How to verify CA certificate from Yubico with openssl?
Does OEAP padding limit the size of my modulous to the size fo the hash function?
key exchange using hashing with preshared secret
help understanding part of Wiener's attack on RSA w/ small d
Given $g,g^t$ in a cyclic group of order $pq$, is it hard to compute $g^{t^{-1}}$?
RSA Optimal Asymmetric Encryption Padding Beginner
cumulative secrets
Does DES support different keys that lead to the same result?
How to calculate mapping in bilinear
trusted platform module prototype
CMAC for messages shorter than 128bit
Sorting over encrypted data with different symmetric keys
If you encrypt an image (AES), is it still an image and can you view it?
Could Riemann hypothesis solve certainly RSA?
What type of encryption scheme can prevent cheating in this coin flip protocol?
How do I prove that a bit by bit PKE scheme (that is IND-CPA secure) for an n-bit message is not IND-CCA-2 secure?
What is cryptographic agility?
A standard extension of ECIES for multiple recipients (broadcast / multiparty)?
Authentication protocol which detects client impersonation from another machine
What are the security implications of an AES implementation that uses only 8-bit byte operations on the cipher state?
Implicit authentication aritcle
What are requirements of the audio input to be encrypted using AES?
NORX duplex padding
Is there short period in AES 128 key schedule?
Probability approximation of no collisions
How do different block sizes affect the throughput of GPU implementations of AES?
Unconditionally Secure Authentication
elliptic curve multiplication with negative factor
Random Coin Flip
Modular Arithmetic in RSA
Why Merkle Tree doesn't suffer Birthday attack?
Clarification on the state of the art of qubit commitment
Message security and also program copy detection
How is the One Time Pad (OTP) perfectly secure?
Optimal same-base exponentiation?
Applying Vigenere on small strings with sorting capability
how to prove sequence y uphold golomb's third axiom
Largest number that could be factored in milli seconds
2 Part Encryption
Deletion complexity in a RSA accumulator
Usefulness of Damgård–Jurik
RSA message integrity
Differential Cryptanalysis
Lightweight Cryptography and Gate Equivalents
RSA enc/decryption with multiple prime modulus using CRT
what is the fastest and efficient method to perform modular multiplication?
NMaster key from n secret key
Is it secure to encrypt random key with block cipher in ECB mode?
Different tools return different ciphertext value for equal input
How to test the speed of an Authenticated Encryption algorithm?
Does threshold crypto (m-of-n) guarantee that m peers discover the plain text?
Doubts about Authenticated Data Structures logic
Is there a fast implementation of RSA for Microcontrollers?
Fast Forward Hash Signatures
can session key be be used as digital signature?
Santa Claus' secret permutation
How to store keypair generated by RSA in a textfile?
What happens when domain parameter $q$ in DSA is not prime number
How secure is Shamir's Secret Sharing for password sharing when attacker has t-1 shares?
Limit the length of AES encoded output to certain value
AES-GCM Hash sub key parameter in Intel's IPsec library
What effect does a salt have on attacks against hashes's fundamental properties?
MITM Attack on Key Exchange Protocols
bcrypt collision probabilities assuming same password and work factor?
Diffie-Hellman over several non-secured HTTP requests - will it work?
Are parts of a pseudorandom string also a pseudorandom string?
How to perfrom modular division while numerator is lesser than the denominator?
Is there any alternative for extended euclidean algorithm to perform modulo division?
Chosen-Ciphertext Attack on Rabin: Factorize n
Is it bad design to reuse an AES key?
Historic Authentication Schemes Before Computers
Attack on textbook RSA with small messages
Randomness and increment of nonce in GCM
Simple RSA Key Generation example
Is it possible to re-generate ECPublic key from raw private key and curve params?
What is a good algorithm to scramble data in a 2-D grid
How much stronger is RC4 if it is keyed with an RSA private key?
Non-deniability of data sent over TLS
Help with RSA-2048 crypto ransom virus
Message exchange with textbook RSA
Structure for an introductory course on cryptography?
Blake2: truncate 512-bit hash is safer than 256-bit by Config?
How is the ciphertext labeled with a set of attributes in Key-Policy Attribute-based Encryption (KP-ABE)
MiTM on RSA public key encryption
Why is it that in DSA, the order of the subgroup, $q$, is chosen such that it divides $p - 1$?
What are the negative consequences for choosing 8 S-boxes for DES vs 1 S-box for AES?
How does darkmail (DIME) work to hide email metadata?
How to show CPA attacker does not need access to encryption oracle after receiving cyphertext
Information theoretical security of an inefficient Shamir based access structure
Why is hybrid encryption more effective than other encryption scheme?
What do you mean by Ciphertext indistinguishability
Public key exponent coprime with totient proof
How to compute projective coordinate Z in elliptic curve cryptography?
On AES, is a true random string enough for a key?
Which algorithm would be ideal for ephermal key generation followed by DH key exchange?
Security analysis of this one time password based scheme for copy protection
802.1X Radius WLAN protected by certificate 1024-bit key
Cost of attack on DSA with attack on DLP
Is my pin algorithm secure?
How to determine if padding has been used while encrypting a message with RSA?
Execution time for HMAC-MD5 on a 160 bit data using 128 bit key on a 3GHz CPU
How to tell if a hardware RNG is rigged?
Generating keys in RSA
Seeking an implementation of the Satoh algorithm for elliptical curve point counting
How to apply linear cryptanalysis to PRESENT?
comparison of security for identity based signature and Hashing (SHA-1) the identities
Hash functions vs Stream Ciphers in terms of Speed
Data Leakage and Data Switching
DES: How to find the Inverse of the Initial Permutation?
Adding parameters to sponge's capacity
RSA incorrectly translates for small keys
Elliptic Curve ElGamal and DSA - smooth group order and element of large prime order
textbook RSA signature scheme security
Cyclic group collision resistant keyed cryptographic hash function
Why use Diffie-Hellman key exchange over RSA (or any public-key encryption)?
Lightweight Asymmetric encryption algorithm
Best modern cipher for morse code?
Alice answering Bob without knowing the question
Are there AES128 keys such that first round key equals last round key?
Given a pseudorandom function F, is $(F_k(r) \; | \; F_k(r + 1))$ also a PRF?
How "hard" it is to take an e'th root mod p?
Generalization of the DL-assumption in bilinear group pair
Implementation of ECC over binary field
RSA and difference between factors
Provable security of cryptographic hash functions
How is the AddRoundKey operation performed in AES-256?
Username and Password: How does it work?
Authenticated Encryption of UDP packets
Would SHA-1 be safe for certificates with short validity?
How can I study the math behind cryptography?
Combining a block cipher with a (pseudo) OTP
Symmetric encryption algorithms with large IVs and authentication?
What is the purpose of Pseudorandom Function Families (PRFs)?
Why SIVP Is Worst Case Problem?
Is it okay to use an HMAC of the plaintext and a (possibly distinct) key as the IV for symmetric cryptography?
Efficient way to confirm identity
Secure Multiparty Computation with Secret Output
What is the difference between RCCA and CCA2?
Clarification regarding multiple modular exponentiation
What do numbers in a crypto algorithm stand for? Is there a convention?
Can I store the initialisation vector (IV) in the filename?
Choice of the one-way function (OWF) for Lamport signatures
HD (Hierarchical Deterministic) Keys using Safe Curves?
What are the relative merits of padding algorithms pkcs7, iso7816, and x923?
Is (1 bit HW signal) XOR (8 bits PRNG output) sufficient for a HWRNG?
Decisional Diffie-Hellman: compute Legendre symbol of $g^{ab}$ from $g^a$ and $g^b$?
What is the shortest fingerprint of a Curve25519 public key that is secure
Compromise between HMAC and Digital Signature, by encrypting and sending secret key?
Why multiple homomorphic operations on a ciphertext leaks no information about the plaintext?
Zero-Knowledge Proof of a polynomial
Homomorphic OR operations
Diffie-Hellman: *assumed* largest prime factor of order of $g$?
Can the original message be retrieved from a public/private key signature?
Data Encryption Standard (DES) S-Boxes
High-level overview of system architecture of LUKS/cryptsetup (how it works vs. how to setup)
Secure, patent-free alternative to NTRU
Guessing the IV for CBC
Zero-knowledge proof for subset sum problem?
If the hash of the multiplication is equal to the multiplication of the hash, how can this be used to leverage an attack?
Signal vs Telegram in terms of protocols?
Transforming SHA-512 into SHA-512/256?
Is that simple additive homomorphic scheme secure?
Why is Paillier Cryptosystem called probabilistic?
Theoretical decryption of RSA
PBEWithMD5AndDES Cipher does not check for integrity first?
setting the MGF hash to a different value other than the regular hash with openssl for PSS signatures
Is PKCS#7 padding generated with a pseudo-random-number generator okay?
How do I get the equivalent strength of an ECC key?
What libraries do people use to implement and evaluate cryptography protocols?
ElGamal in a different group
AES Inverse Key Schedule
Construct IND-CPA secure encryption scheme by combining two given schemes
AES - What is the advantage of a 256-bit key with a 128-bit block cipher?
RSA Attack, known public key and ciphertext. Can decrypt the message m?
How do I classify my RSA encryption strength?
Contrasting Key Rotation Requirements : Asymmetric vs. Symmetric Ciphers
What size should the HMAC key be with SHA-256?
What is the best current way to cryptographically secure databases?
How to find 64 collisions for a hash value?
Certificate Signature Algorithm differs from Signature Algorithm Negotiated for Connection
SHA256 message bytes
Encrypt the network adapter mac address so i can get 20 or 25 cipher text length
How to check the integrity of a key received through mail using symmetric encryption?
What is the most secure ECC Curve?
Is it safe to use cipher block sizing instead of padding?
Problem with this authentication protocol
Password in first line of file for AES-256 encryption
What algorithm to use to rotate values in a predefined manner and be able to decrypt them back to the original?
How should I generate secure random numbers deterministically?
Why $e>n^{3/2}$ prevents Wiener's attack
Comparison Vigènere vs. Monoalphabetic cipher
How long can a RSA public key be?
Stateless proof-of-work system with 0-roundtrip time
Exchanging encrypted messages, and decrypting without a public key?
What happens if you multiply a point with its order on complete Edwards curves?
Shamir's Secret Scheme : Knowing the threshold
Do I understand (below) why Q = dP is easy while finding d is hard
Schnorr Ring Signatures - wrong hash results
Two different keys decrypting same content
Would it be better to use HKDF or SCrypt for deriving a child key?
Modular exponentiation on calculator for textbook RSA
When/why is RSA (hybrid) encryption used rather than alternatives?
How secure is 'Plain Old RSA'
Why do we need Merkle–Damgård strengthening
Is EFS vulnerable to Chosen plaintext attack?
Which bitwise operations are used in SHA-256?
Is super encryption (aka “multiple encryption”) always good?
Why does NaCl's crypto_auth have twice the security level of crypto_onetimeauth?
AES key equal to IV (CBC mode)
Encrypting passwords
Is there such a thing as a hash function with a fixed size input?
Keys and key-stretching when authenticating requests?
Lattice based attack on RSA
Making both the IV and salt public for PBE with AES-CFB
TCG design specification of TPM and nonce creation
change in bits leads to change in rounds the reason?
How does encryption work in elliptic curve cryptography?
How is El Gamal different from Diffie Hellman Key Exchange
Is the IV value in Davies Meyer construction public?
TPM specification physical presence requirements
Multi Party System with n-1 adversaries
Security of this scheme
Additively homomorphic cryptosystem with non-interactive zero-knowledge proof of non-negativity
Can elliptic curve (25519) be used to encrypt file?
TPM's monotonic counters
Difference between Hardware implemented algorithm and software implemented one?
Would buffering socket send resist timing attacks
Curve25519 vs "Million Dollar Curve"
What is the difference between key size and block size (for AES)?
Why is 2048-bit RSA always paired with 320-bit ECC?
Homemade Randomized RSA
Why does DES implement so much Cross Wiring?
What is the viability of a hybrid vigenere cipher?
Does rsa-oaep provide or not plaintext integrity in addition to confidentiality?
NIST PRIMES - cryptography
end-to-end encrypted chat app with symmetric + public key encryption, TLS and cert pinning
Is the security of an HMAC equally important as the security of the cipher itself?
Is CPU timing jitter a usable entropy source?
Encrypt-then-authenticate variant used in IPsec
Uniformly distributed secure floating point numbers in [0,1)
Counting points on elliptic curve over binary field
What is the correct definition of the blowfish F-function?
Is there an asymmetric encryption algorithm where the public key cannot be derived from the private key
Default algorithm for scalar multiplication of elliptic curve points by the MIRACL Library
Could this "symmetric RSA" scheme provide key compromise resistant communications?
K Friedman - two texts explanation
What advantages does Keccak/SHA-3 have over BLAKE2?
Importance of random number generation in Schnorr's signature
Proof of RSA security dependent on public key exponent
Could an HMAC be used as a hash?
NIST tests for AES
Is secure lattice based cryptography in future?
Winternitz Signature in standard model
Finding Private Key $d$ using RSA
Effect of $L_n[1/4,c]$ integer factorization on RSA-2048
Zero knowledge proof of shared secret
Convert messages to elliptic curve points
Why is it allowed to Generate Keys inside the game?
Is IPsec IND-CCA secure provided the used block cipher is a pseudorandom function?
Finding differentials and space complexity
Proof that perfect privacy implies that the number of keys is at least the number of messages
Hash function that allows to decide if A > B if you only have hash(A) and hash(B)?
Which crytographic standard were RC5, CAST5 and Blowfish based on?
Protocol to identify zone of potential agreement without revealing reservation prices and having to trust third parties?
Proof that a hash matches an encrypted file
Question about lower bound and upper bound key collision
What does CMS standard mean by "initial input to the message digest"
Should I be concerned about padding oracle attacks if the lifespan of my key is ~1 minute?
how to change math.random() implemented in javascript to securerandom
What is th purpose of m and q in elliptic curve cryptography protocols?
Permutation of keys that guarantees different hashes
What is the difference between MACTripleDES and TripleDES?
Rule 30 Cellular Automaton for Cryptography
Why IV does not have to be secret yet has to be random
Is frequency analysis the only attack on a simple substitution cipher?
What is an impure NIST true random number generator?
Do we have anyway of knowing if avoiding self-permutation in RC4 makes it any stronger?
How to calculate d in RSA for my number with this
What is PCT_SSL_CIPHER_TYPE_1ST_HALF?
Creating a custom 2 way encryption class
RSA: Proving that $p+q-1 < 3 \sqrt{N}$, where N = pq and p,q are prime?
Is it secure to use hexadecimal data for IV instead of raw binary?
What is the advantage of digital signatures over message authentication codes?
A general definition for cryptocurrencies
Plain text size limits for AES-GCM mode just 64GB?
Why can’t the public key exponent in RSA be negative?
Which values are used for an elgamal cryptosystem public key?
Why does my SSH private key still work after changing some bytes in the file?
(Non-) Perfect Secrecy of Vernam Cipher Using $E(m) = m \oplus k \oplus \operatorname{rev}(k)$
Recover secret $x$ when $c\equiv m^x \pmod p$ with public $p$ (modified)
Steganographic embedding of an RSA-encrypted message into an image
How to test an implementation of a homomorphic scheme?
Proven secure scheme under random oracle
Need for salt with IV
Elliptic ElGamal Public Key Cryptosystem doubt
Why is AES-SIV not used, but AESKW, AKW1?
Encryption used in a commercial software product
compact rsa private key format
Can homomorphic operations on many different ciphertexts be multiplied by a same constant?
Collision free one way function
To understand a fact related to padding in MD5
Why is CBC-MAC with length appended not secure?
Is the length limit of AES-GCM per key or per (key, nonce) pair?
PBC library: group of composite order for pairing operation
Performance of ECDSA, ECKCDSA and ECGDSA
Scrypt not "old enough" to be safe?
Periodic One Way Function
Homomorphic encryption diagram and trouble about a paper
Is finding collisions in a part-hash not often enough a bad problem?
Security parameter p =O(n)
Does a "commutative" asymmetric system exist?
What is the canonical way of creating Merkle tree branches?
Understanding the length b used in MD5
Can I shorten the large ECDSA public key output file from OpenSSL?
Are the ECDSA public keys of a stable/fixed length relative to curve size?
References for cascade
Faster alternative to HKDF
Simplied DES why 10-bit key?
Can we break ECDLP with this machine?
Can a book cipher be cracked without key?
Generating a key to use with AES
Difference between AES CMAC and AES HMAC?
What is difference between meet in the middle attack and man in the middle attack?
Containers for secret key
Are low security curves for ECDSA not supported?
Should I use RSA encryption since RSA is said to be broken by NSA?
Affine Cipher over an Affine cipher
Proof of non-membership on a Merkle tree?
Example of FHEI scheme?
Instantiating a random oracle
Can somebody help me understand RC4 Spritz? (Three Questions)
Does the time to evaluate a hash function depend on the function input size?
Encryption technology for DARPA
Defining Symmetric vs Asymmetric cryptosystems
Are there any disadvantages of using libsodiums helpers for en-/decoding/comparision instead of the native ones?
Why gcd(r,(p-1)/r) needs to be 1 in benaloh cryptosystem
Encrypting and Authenticating The Simplex Communication Between Embedded Devices
Does frequent key change weaken encryption?
Practical attack on an impractical implementation of Rijndael (AES?)
Algebraic relationship between Original Key and Sub Key of DES
Why reveal MAC-keys after using them?
Are there any advantages in using proprietary encryption?
Is this a secure keyed hashing construction?
Is it safe to use XOR to encrypt data key using master key
Proving pseudorandom generators
Which ciphers produce random ciphertext?
Using Montgomery ladder to calculate the coordinates
Limitations of Elliptic Curve Cryptography?
Proof that this is not a secure pseudorandom function?
Computing the cardinality of the co-domain of specific modular exponentiations
Understanding the definition of HGD
BOOLEAN FUNCTIONS: generate a function $f: \{0, 1\}^n \rightarrow \{0, 1\}$ from a $n \times n$ S-Box
Name and security of these non-invertible functions?
Unable to understand hash function representations
Determining if Server/Client's TLS configuration is Vulnerable to SLOTH
OTR AKE protocol implementations security
4 x E = D in Simplified AES how it's possible?
Are Diffie-Hellman, RSA and other types of public key cryptography different?
SHA256 for large files
Encryption scheme like RSA where encryption is the inverse of decryption
Should AES.decrypt(ct, wrong_key) return blank or wrong result?
The difficulty of computing discrete logs
Could we share a secret key using the Birthday problem?
How can I implement decryption for NTRU homomorphic encryption scheme?
Recommendation for lightweight algorithm for partial message encryption
XOR or add in one time pads?
Non-numeric Diffie-Hellman?
Convert projective to affine coordinates in ECC?
Cycling hashing in PBKDF's and their limitations in strength?
Example of Projective Coordinates
Symmetric encryption vulnerable when encrypting and decrypting are the same?
Why are there $2^{56}$ possible DES keys when there are 64 key bits?
Is F' a pseudorandom function when F is composed with G, a pseudorandom generator?
If you use an AES key just once, do you need to use IV, and/or pad the message?
Using e-ID Number for Encryption and Digital Signing
Perfect Secrecy in Symmetric Key Systems
Understanding ransomware – What makes plain-text-attacks or brute-forcing so hard?
Zero-knowledge proof for the product of additive Paillier ciphers
What does this advantage statement signify?
Lagrange Coefficients & Polynomial in KP-ABE
An MPC protocol from Elgamal is a good solution a homomorphic multiplication?
Are there any successful preimage attacks?
Full encryption of IDs, partial decryption with customer specific key
Setting up of polynomials for CP-ABE or KP-ABE Access Trees
Why are obfuscators generally defined to be probabilistic algorithms, rather than deterministic ones?
What happens if a nonce is reused in ChaCha20-Poly1305?
Preserving Confidentiality and Integrity in a Public channel
How does the Flickr length extension attack work?
How to generate fingerprint for PGP public key
How to split up $GF(2^{128})$ into smaller fields?
Which cryptography technique does not increase the size of the plain data?
Finding the subgroup in isogeny-based cryptography
Can BPS be used to encrypt a single integer, and restrict the output to a certain range?
Plaintext and ciphertext block sizes
Security of encrypting many short values with AES in GCM mode
How to encrypt a number using AES?
How to correctly encrypt data with proper authentication using AES-256-CBC in php?
Best attack on double DES followed by XOR with third key
System parameters in identity-based encryption
Why do we implement a protocol?
Encryption that could have multiple decryption key
Discrete logarithm hash function Exercises
Block cipher detect padding behaviour
How to change the master password in a password manager
Hashing a password before using for online accounts
Role of Fermat's little theorem in the proof of correctness of ElGamal signature
Is there any more information on this RSA backdoor?
help with cryptanalysis of a sponge permutation
Hamiltonian Path Zero Knowledge Proof using Commitments to a Series of Edges
What is the relevance of "physical layer security" to cryptography?
When would you increment a nonce and when not?
What is wrong in the following algorithm for computing a hash function using RSA?
When is data origin authentication necessary but non-repudiation not?
How is SSL secure?
Do any Identity-based Encryption Systems support messaging between domains?
Encryption Oracle Avoidance
Forward Secrecy when using non-ephemeral DH
How can comparision like (>=,==) be done using homomorphic encryption?
Adversarial Indistinguishability
Finding a secret cipher given the key and known plaintext?
Affine cipher and plaintext attacks, how to find the base modulo?
LR-Oracle Experiment in Lindell and Katz
Are there reasonably secure online voting implementations e.g. for student council elections?
Is TLS secure against VM reset attacks?
Are there known practical attacks on RC4-dropN?
Do Carter–Wegman MACs allow key reuse if the MAC tag is kept secret?
Is it okay to send an encrypted key using XSalsa20-Poly1305, and send subsequent messages using ChaCha20-Poly1305?
Why Boneh-Franklin BasicIdent IBE is not chosen-ciphertext secure? Why use random oracle?
Difference between Pseudo Mersenne primes and Generalized Mersenne primes
Is XOR adequate for encrypting truly random data?
AES key and block size
no speedup from preprocessing in blynn's PBC library
How to attack RSA-CRT with large public exponent?
What is an example of a secure sigma proof?
Function with no fast path and with fast proof
How can a message encrypted with the public key be decrypted with the private key?
In interactive proofs, do we assume that the prover can always solve the problem?
Proof of Knowledge/Data Integrity using Hash Function
Is this a good communication scheme?
Single-algorithm authenticated encryption
Security issues with self encryption?
Understanding the distinguisher for a PRG
Compressing AES
Can a low density subset sum problem be intractable?
When all shares of a secret are given to adversary as a permuted matrix
RSA-OAEP: How does it work?
Can we use merely permutation to hide a message?
Is $H'(M) = 5M + 9H(M) \pmod{2^n}$ a secure hash function?
Should the most significant byte of a cryptograhic key be nonzero?
Vulnerabilities in SHA-1
Does key renewal increase complexity of MAC forgery?
Security for secret key of server in Identity-based Encryption
Is this DIY remote lock protocol secure?
How exactly does certificate based authentication work?
When we use permutation and random long sting to hide a message
Are collisions in AES-128 theoretically possible when the plaintext is the same?
Generating passwords from a master password using rules
Theoretical security of bit rotation for encyption
Are there any practical ways to transfer random data securely?
Side channel security of HMAC in software
What information should I send along with an AES ciphertext and is there any standard to do that?
How to calculate plaintext from modpower cipher
RSA numerical questions
Exactly how bad is using 'mod' to clamp reduce numbers to a given range?
RSA algorithm private key extraction
Long passwords and Bcrypt
How to determine RSA block size for decryption
Is there a standard for hashing a list of strings?
Any stream cipher with avalanche effect?
Proving property of Modified Rabin Signature
Why does image size increase after steganography?
how to define the Truncated Polynomial?
MAC algorithm difficulties
Shamir SS: To associate shares to the public values $x_i$, when the shares are permuted
total effective key length of the AESX-192
Can one passively load-balance HTTPS traffic based on TLS SNI?
Difference of full codebook and non full codebook
Multiparty encryption and decryption
Can an AES-256 key be generated for a large number of cribs?
Help with AES decryption with AES-NI Instructions
SHA1 collisions and the impact for ECDSA signatures
Elliptic curve ElGamal with homomorphic mapping
Would a Rubik's cube be a trapdoor function?
Computing inverses in a binary field
Classification of a stream cipher
What is the complexity to break second preimage resistance?
How does RIPEMD160 pad the message?
Need help with PKCS#12 3 key triple des key expansion
When we use one time pad TWICE in two different ways
Key Exchange MAC encryption order of events? Problem
Determining Involutary Keys in Substitution Ciphers
ABE Schemes - Access Structures & Performance
How does a non-prime modulus for Diffie-Hellman allow for a backdoor?
Are there any practical methods of steganography?
Block cipher not resistant to collisions
Algorithms for Cyrillic encryption
Secure blinding factor switching at malicious server-side (Switching in One Time pad)
Is part of an output of secure PRNG also cryptographically secure?
Security of a parallelizable block cipher mode
Multi-target attacks on AES-CTR with a random nonce
Can the backdoor in Dual_EC_DRBG be used to create a public key stream cipher?
Data integrity using steganographic methods
Merkle tree (dm-verity) with SHA-256 vs. SHA-1
Secure randomized data matching?
What is the difference between SHA-3(Keccak) and previous generation SHA algorithms?
Find the minimum Adversary's Advantage
Why was the Navajo code not broken by the Japanese in WWII?
Is this the correct procedure for cycle walking using an FPE?
NIST HMAC Test vectors
How to generate a random number so server cannot cheat?
Performing simple arithmetic operations on compressed, and both compressed and encrypted data
Deriving a key for HMAC, using PBKDF2
Faster discrete Gaussian sampling
Construction of division polynomials
"Royal Flags Wave Kings Above"
Can OTP be made practical by using stretched hash algorithms?
Would the rotors in Enigma machines always advance by one position? Or was there a way to set this?
How to convert AES to a PRNG in order to run NIST Statistical Test Suite?
Comparison Affine Coordinates and Projective Coordinates Addition in Excel
HW acceleration for Camellia cipher (x86_64/AES-NI/AVX2)
How to break Universal Re-Encryption algorithm?
Common Modulus Attack not reproducible
How do substution-permutation networks work?
How can I prove that a function F isn't a pseudo random function?
ECDH-ECDSA Combination
How to encrypt incomplete block with RSA as a block cipher?
Why does a non-prime DH modulus creates a "NOBUS" backdoor
Compression in key generation of DES algorithm
What are possible caveats when generating a group for use as parameters for Diffie-Hellman key exchange?
Cardholder to Merchant SET Protocol
Research for video game: Novice cryptography concepts
How to find roots of equation $f(x)=0 \pmod p $, where $p$ is prime number?
What is wrong with simple concatenation in salted password hashes?
Is there a null HMAC?
Is multiplicative blinding less secure than additive?
OpenSSL Signature different each time
Updating values authenticated by Merkle Tree
RSA PKCS#1, v1.5 padding output
AES128 Decryption in Objective-C just slightly off
Permuted Hash Table
Need CryptDeriveKey AES implementation in C#
Breaking Vigenere via Kasiski/Babbage method? (non-programmatic)
How do you apply bilinear mapping to attribute based encryption?
Why does a fixed key not make MACs like CBC-MAC or GMAC into secure hash functions?
What is the time requirement for pairing computation and modular exponentiation?
Linear cryptanalysis complete key guessing
Is reusing keys for CBC and CBC-MAC secure when using encrypt-then-MAC?
Ciphertext with uneven letter distribution
How is a message digest decrypted?
OpenSSL & TLS1.2 with aes-cbc and initialization vector
How do substution-permutation networks work?
The sign of the correlation in linear approximation
Multi Authority Attribute Based Encryption Library
Attribute based access control and role based, online bookstore example
Determining collision resistance of a function?
RSA private key finding method
How to design a deliberately weak PRNG for experimentation?
Fast MAC for 64-bit inputs
What happens to NORX if the same (key, nonce, header data) triple is reused
What does the probability subscript mean in Shannon's secrecy definition?
Gaussian distribution in lattices
Caculated time One Point Multiplication with double and method
How Diffie-Hellman authentication works?
How can we define division operation by using Fully homomorphic encryption
Convert ciphertexts of one encryption scheme to another without decryption
How is the root certificate transmitted to pc?
How are the attributes of a user authenticated in attribute-based encryption?
Vulnerabilities in specifying the hash algorithm used for signature verification on a per-message basis
Extracting key bits from linear cryptanalysis equation for SDES
Possible to generate a one time secret which all nodes on the distributed network can know but cannot pre compute
Questions about a SHA3 cipher stream encryption scheme
Do most TLS 1.2 implementations express curves in a canonical form when performing EC arithmetic?
Why is AES-128 considered secure while RSA needs a 1024-bit size to be considered secure
Is it safer to use timestamp in REST authentication?
Are these hash function compositions collision resistant?
How to construct Hash function of type $H:\{0,1\}^x \times G \mapsto Z_p^*$?
How to calculate key size of a security algorithm?
128 Bit AES Issue
Diffie-Hellman key size to symmetric formula?
Breaking hashless variant of the Rabin Signature system with chosen message attack
What is base of $\log$ in Subexponential Algo for DLP?
Encrypt/Decrypt cloud passwords with master password
How does hash speed vary based on string length?
What is the typical block size in RSA?
Metrics of PRNGs
Create big random number from 2 smaller numbers?
Is Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme insecure for larger field?
Difference between single-pass and two-pass MACs
How can I figure out a hash algorithm?
What is the difference between mutual authentication and unilateral authentication both ways?
mapping function
Encryption with two meanings without computer or programming
Is there a way to create an encrypted email with no third party application
Can we share an n-bit string by using shamir's secret sharing n times?
Weighted secret sharing scheme?
Can you update a (k,n) scheme to a (k+t, n+t) scheme (assuming old keys can be deleted)?
Is the concept of provably secure hash the same as entropy smoothing hash functions?
How can prime factor of $q-1$ divide prime $q$?
Would adding daily changing nulls in front of their messages have made the Engima harder to crack?
Can "Approximate Hashing" work in a Proof-of-Work context?
Unkeyed, fast, one-way PRP
Ciphertext notation where the ciphertext consists of two parts
Is it possible to perform an MPC protocol to compute a product in a polynomial ring?
Does absence of second pre-image resistance infer absence of pre-image resistance?
IPSec recomendations about rekeying
Access structure in Attributes Based Encryption
How to disguise ciphertext
Are any public key algos commutative?
digital signature on image and text
Can an attacker recover the key if a Poly1305 collision is known?
Scalar multiplication with projective coordinates
Is a 4DES or 5DES system possible?
Inverse in ElGamal signature
Exponent operation over element of G
Homomorphism and Zero Knowledge in FIPS 140-2 compliant systems
How vulnerable is one-time pad (OTP) encryption, if the OTP is used twice, with a random substitution scheme
How to authenticate two devices with CA?
Secure way to hash a lookup value
Question on 3DES keys
How to go about encrypting a digital exam?
Would using a symmetric list of subkeys in a Feistel cipher make our messages vulnerable to oracle attacks?
Finding collisions in SHA1
Can a secure MAC break if the adversary is given oracle access to Verify?
How to encode a message to MD5?
I am trying to implement TLS v1.1 {3,1} but get alert 70 on hellomessage to goolge
Block cipher mode of operation with beyond-birthday-bound security
Are there any real protocols secure in the random oracle model that have been broken in practice?
Is an android encrypted SDcard readable/decryptable easily by a desktop machine?
Are there unreachable MD5 hashes?
finding the basis of a kernel in a lattice
Is there any place where I can find test vectors for point addition and doubling of ECC?
Is there an additive homomorphic encryption that supports exponentation
Unclear about the importance of Initialization Vectors
Understanding Diffie-Hellman - Choosing a bad g
Layman's explanation of encryption backdoors
What's the issue with Apple's backdoor?
How to measure performance for ABE Schemes
Question about HMAC with SHA1
Is this a better GCM?
Why was AES limited by NIST to a 128-bit block size, although Rijndael could support more?
Is it possible to encrypt a message with two different keys (or maybe a public key) such that ciphertext will be decrypted with either of the keys?
How to encrypt a symmetric key with a shared secret?
Why are recomended RSA key lengths so high?
One Step Decryption For Multiple Chained Encryptions
Importance of timing attack resistance with AES
Can anyone briefly explain the 'theta step' of compression box in SHA3?
Use of orthogonal vectors in lattice-based cryptography
Can anyone tell whether this RHO step of SHA3 is correct?
Creating a message authentication scheme
Step by step conceptual implementation of AUTHENTICATED Diffie-Hellman?
Why does the FBI ask Apple for help to decrypt an iPhone?
How is the usual way of using PKCS5/7 when a weird data is given?
Is it ok to store the plaintext hash of encrypted data
Is there any more asymetric-time permutation than x^3 (mod p)?
How to calculate secret key size of a CP-ABE scheme
Choosing which is public vs private key
Effect of the birthday bound on AES-GCM
Can RSA (theoretically) be used as a block cipher?
Attacks on MICKEY 2.0 Stream Cipher
Can RSA with padding detect all errors in ciphertext?
PHP AES 256 CBC faster than AES 128 CBC? Or am I doing something wrong?
Usage of 3DES for single block
What will browser show when a user access website and website present certificate of some other domain with same top level domain
Can gnupg master key decrypt something encrypted with subkey?
Terminology for secret sharing?
Doubling the block length of a given block cipher
Why does a hacker need to crack the key to an encrypted file, instead of just brute forcing the password?
Create a potential input for sha-256 hash given a substring of input?
Key sizes for RSA over elliptic curves
Can the key-complement property of DES be used against 3DES?
Negative lookup table concept
Public key crypto without modular arithmetic?
How would you name and/or describe this algorithm?
Is $f(f(x))$ a one way function?
Proving a function is a one way function
How to create and validate potential grids when attacking a Playfair cipher?
Hardware optimized stream ciphers?
Fiat Shamir with S^3
Can I get an explanation of HDCP's key exchange protocol?
Considerations on using a single long-term key for file encryption
Example of a PRP that is not a strong PRP
Misuse-resistant authenticated encryption based on SHA-3/Blake2b and AES-CTR/ChaCha20
Explanation of protocol secure under random oracle but insecure with any hash fuction
DIY over-encryption with a related key
Secure entropy extractor for thermal noise collected from camera input?
Are checksums essentially non-secure versions of cryptographic hashes?
How to convert roots of Weber polynomial to Hilbert class polynomial over modulo prime?
Is the identity function a one-way function?
Generally accepted algorithm for two-pass, misuse-resistant AEAD that is efficient in software
Is it possible to decrypt cryptowall-encrypted files?
Difference between HMAC-SHA1(key, msg) vs SHA1(key + msg)
NIST SP800-108 KDF modes comparison
Is authenticated encryption unnecessary if the message is digitally signed?
Is ChaCha12 considered 256-bit secure?
Why can't NORX produce intermediate auth tags like Keyak can?
Is XSalsa20-Poly1305-SIV a reasonable choice for nonce-misuse-resistant authenticated encryption?
Does XChaCha20 exist with similar properties to XSalsa20?
Does length-prepending stop length-extension attacks?
About the necessity simulators set adversary random-tape
How does the verification process associated with this signature scheme work?
Order and cofactor of the base point?
AES implementation to encrypt files
Do 2DES and 3DES2 have the same effective key length?
Is it okay to bail out early when length mismatch is detected?
Is a PRF applied to a secure MAC also a secure MAC?
Obtaining Diffie-Hellman generator
Is there an AES identity key?
Is there any difference between NIST and SECP curves in-terms of their algorithms and implementation?
How to make a "zero knowledge" cache/key-value store
ChaCha20 immune to timing attacks
Naccache–Stern knapsack cryptosystem: How to calculate $p_i ^{s^{-1}} \mod p$?
Is all of encryption based on xor?
Effective key length of Two-Key Triple-DES
Advantages of HS1-SIV over ChaCha20-Poly1305-SIV?
Gaussian function in lattices
How is a per round key generated in DES algorithm?
Is it secure to send the hash along the message without encryption?
Is there any reason to use RSA or DSA when we have ECC?
How to decrypt RSA if ciphertext is less than the modulus and e=3?
How to perform AES MixColumns as matrix multiplication in GF(2) (boolean values)?
Universal reencryption for signatures
Practicality of codebook in current-day secret communications
What do associated data and message numbers mean?
Historical algorithm which is frequency analysis resilient
Shouldn't a signature using ECDSA be exactly 96 bytes, not 102 or 103?
Difficulty to find any preimages $a$ and $b$ for given $V$ so that $H(a) \oplus H(b) = V$?
Does a stream cipher provide perfect secrecy?
How would the opponent defraud this secure communication?
Differential Cryptanalysis for Hash functions
What does the comma mean in m, c := E(K, m)
Are timing attacks exploitable if each key is used only once?
What information about the ciphertext can an attacker discern if a key is used too many times?
DES_cblock and Key Recovery
Is it okay for a non-cryptographer to submit crypto code to an open source probject?
Are there any historic examples of breaking the one-time pad because of a careless key re-use? i.e simple attack on a multiple-time pad?
How do we calculate DHKey using A's public key and B's private key?
k(k-1)/2: Combinations and the Birthday bound
Why do the subexponential algoriths for the DLP not work for the ECDLP?
Understanding WPA2 authentication in details
Applicability of birthday attack to AES brute force
What is the fastest modular reduction algorithm available?
Named Elliptical Curve parameters
What is a branch number in the PAEQ algorithm?
Difference between hierarchical and multi level secret sharing
Hash + Salt v. Hash + Encryption
Could a key derivation function be used to encrypt data with a weaker key?
Is the complexity of Pollard rho for discrete logartihm really the modulus?
Can a list of hashes with property $X_{n+1} = \operatorname{SHA-256}(X_n)$ loop?
Why does "gpg --export-secret-keys" ask for a password?
3 digit code at the end of a changing magstripe (maybe hash?)
Does TLS have to provide both confidentiality and authenticity?
ARC4random – ChaCha-based LibreSSL PRG
One time pad (OTP) perfect secrecy with different key space
Decrypting SHA-256 with SHA-256 as input?
Decrypting messages crypted with one time pad (used more than once)
Difference between Constructor and Destructor terms
Store hashed password using Digest authentication
How does Blom's scheme work?
Confusing XOR notation in textbook sample solution
How to decode a (Vigenère?) substitution cipher?
application of algebra to cryptography
Is $E_{k}(x) = F_{k}(x) \oplus F_{k}( \bar x)$ PRF?
What is the threat to a PKI when the root CA certificate is generated using SHA1?
When we turn Random shuffle to Pseudorandom Shuffle
How to implement oblivious transfer where probability of the receiver getting secret is exactly 1 out of 4?
Entropy calculation
Should we use modulus switching when dealing with ciphertexts encrypted in different rings?
Running time of Shamir's secret sharing scheme
Is a random circuit likely to compute a one-way function?
Apple encrypted DMG volumes strength?
Active s-box of 8x8 MDS for AES
Collusion Attack CP-ABE
SIV - Synthetic IV - S2V Construction? Benefits over a MAC or Hash?
Constant time multiplicative inverse within a word
Ciphers providing Deniable encryption?
How does TLS differ from SSH from a strictly cryptographic perspective?
Does SIV mode work for asymmetric encryption?
Can shuffling plaintext produce a useable key?
Distinguishing two sets of pseudorandom values when their keys differ by one
Mathematical Proof for Key independence in Differential Cryptanalysis
How to deal with different setup in Multikey FHE?
How to publish a cipher (concept)?
What about using AES-ECB with random IV?
Difference left-or-right CPA security, IND-CPA security
Best/average/worst-case complexity for cryptography
Fixed-prefix IV in CBC mode
Identity-based proxy re-encryption using different system parameters
Is it OK to reseed a Deterministic Random Bit Generator from itself?
The security of Hidden Field Equations - sentence
Key derivation using the main AES encryption key and some plain text?
Is there a security problem with this prime generation algorithm?
Is there an algorithm that allows verification that 2 encrypted or hashed bits of data are the same, given that I may only know half of the key/ salt?
Building multiple keys from the same input using a KDF
Dangers of using CTR mode for encryption
Reykeyed AES in CTR mode as a stream cipher
How to calculate entropy of output of a PRNG
Why is the compression function in Miyaguchi-Preneel scheme secure?
Probability of generating same master secret key in Identity-based Encryption
Does RSA have two trapdoors?
Does encrypting with MGF1/SHA-512/1024-bit seed equal to a 1024-bit key block cipher?
Why is OTP not vulnerable to brute-force attacks?
Is AES solvable by reducing to SAT?
How to show that this modification of CBC-MAC is insecure?
Is it safe to use a key as message in keyed hashing (HMAC)?
Why does 0x00 make bcrypt weaker?
Impact of Git's use of SHA-1?
Attack being kind of completely puzzled?
Password hashing in embedded systems
Public-key encryption with associated data
how to verify subset of hashes from hash list
How to test an encryption against different attacks
Solving for a One-time pad cipher help ; crib dragging doesnt work (no surprise)
How should I define order according to domain parameters in elliptic curve pairing groups?
Calculating inverse of transposition key cipher
Getting inverse of a transposition key
great discovery in the field of elliptic curves cryptography?
What to do when crib dragging does not work in OTP (One-time pad) ciphers?
What to do when crib dragging does not work for OTP ciphers?
Confidentiality then Integrity with different keys
How is McEliece chosen plaintext secure?
Distribution of hash values
How does Boneh–Lynn–Shacham work?
Trying to understand MixColumns with Hexadecimal matrix
Can we use the sponge construct to efficiently authenticate any cipher?
Is there any difference between a one-time pad and a Vigenère cipher with a long key?
Partially homomorphic addition - not all parties present
Number of shifts in DES key schedule
Levels of strength: The Caesar Cipher
How to encrypt and decrypt a transposition cipher?
"Security" of SHA functions (Wikipedia), what does it mean?
What is the importance of 1 < d < φ(n) and 0 ≤ m < n in RSA?
For the LTV-FHE scheme, after how many additions should modulus switching be used?
Secret key agreement by public discussion from common information
Why Sflash signature scheme is constructed in this way?
Why is not there any ideal S-Box?
Why is this homomorphic encryption correct?
How to XOR two hex values and am I doing crib dragging correctly? (OTP)
Can GCM auth be bitsliced?
How to compute the discrete logarithm of Diffie-Hellman with a composite modulus?
Help with breaking AES reduced to 2 rounds
Why is $Mac_k(m_1||m_2) = ⟨F_k(m_1), F_k(m_1 \oplus \overline{m_2})⟩$ not a secure MAC?
Is rubberhose cryptanalysis a sidechannel - formally?
Is there any benefit to verifying PKCS#7 padding when using AES CBC and HMAC?
Non primitive lfsr sequence
Tell where messages begin and end in a series of ciphertext blocks?
A topic for my master thesis on post quantum cryptography
Merkle signature scheme
Composite vs Prime Order Groups in Attribute Based Encryption
Prove that the given scheme is CPA secure or not
Decrypt affine cipher given encryption key
How to find element g order q, given 2 large primes p and q where q|p-1
Monoalphabetic cipher using different languages in the same plaintext
Determine whether a given function is a pseudorandom generator/function
Best non-digital cipher?
List of post quantum cryptography protocols
Bitwise operation question with shifting involved
Encrypting a string as smaller pieces vs. encrypting it as a whole
What is the last value in a cipher suite?
How to calculate min entropy of the output of PRNG?
In an A5/1 stream cipher, why do the registers have a stepping probability of 3/4
Is this method of encryption theoretically unbreakable?
Is it possible to create a detection oracle for all block cipher modes? -- ciphertext-only cryptanalysis
Difference between AES-CCM and AES-CCM*
Certificateless cryptography Implementation
IX509Extension XCN encoding?
Are CSPRNGs quantum-resistant?
How to check that you got the right key when brute forcing an encryption?
Are developers expected to implement Diffie-Hellman key exchange themselves?
Why haven't we proven many things computationally secure yet?
How common are weak RSA keys?
VIC cipher author known?
HMAC-SHA1 vs. AES
How were the diffusion statistics for norx calculated?
Fast algorithm for reduction modulo a prime
One-Way property of Random Oracle
Using One Time Pad with a block cypher
Non-Degeneracy of the Weil pairing
Better security than SHA1 for signature?
Really simple RSA style public private key generator
Understanding Hellman's TMTO
How can I formally verify fuzzy commitment scheme based security protocol?
What is the intuition for ECDSA?
X509 converted to Encrypted and Signing keys
What is the difference between substitution cipher and block cipher?
Using same encryption key in different schemes
Cube-Root attack - RSA with low exponent
Differential bound of the S-Box in GOST R34.11-2012
Is sharing the RSA public key secure?
Affine Cipher - Greatest Common Divisor
Government root SSL certificate possible vulnerabilities
How does the math part of RSA work?
Client Puzzles and HMAC
reconstructing data on a noisy channel?
Is it possible to brute force a single smaller variable in $\operatorname{HMAC-SHA512}(k, a\ ||\ b\ ||\ c\ ||\ d)$?
Perfect secrecy of affine cipher
How does a company like Apple keep its keys safe?
Perfect secrecy is maintained for other plaintext prob distributions?
Implementing RSA with small integers in CUDA
Is it okay to use a variable-time RSA implementation to verify TLS certificates?
CRL number generation sequence: can I use a time stamp?
Does a key derivation function always generate an even distribution of bits in the resulting key?
Would a non-deterministic (read: randomized) compression algorithm be crypto-safe?
SSL Traffic Inspection
Is there any benefit to using a randomly chosen replacement strategy on a string before or after encrypting it?
What is perfect collision-resistence in probability terms?
Weak and Strong Collision Resistance, again
SHA-3 padding clarifications
Security of a lightweight heartbeat protocol
How many possible Enigma machine settings?
How is injective, inverse, surjective & oneway related to cryptography?
Are the following schemes based on a pseudo-random permutation secure?
how is the rsa $publickey(n ,e)$ transformed into a textfile allowing its public distribtution?
Given enough RSA ciphertext, is it possible to determine which key was used?
how exploitable are cache timing attacks
Given enough RSA signature values, is it possible to determine the public key value?
Can we bound adversarial power in terms of total entropy in universe?
Encryption & decryption of integers using modular multiplicative inverse and extended euclidean algorithm
Do any cryptography algorithms work on numbers besides primes?
python v.3.4.2 cryptography systems
Why inversion and multiplication operations are costly in elliptic curves?
What is the current encryption method used on GSM currently?
How do I attack an RSA setup where e is even?
Unlinkability of Merkle-Damgård hash function results
Zero Knowledge - Who is greater?
Many time pad attack (XOR)
Would LWE problem be still secure if error were like this $e=2e_1$?
Why do we need Euler's totient function $\varphi(N)$ in RSA?
Is there a password hash function with a human component?
Reverse Encryption Algorithm from Decryption code
Some questions about the internals of bcrypt
Difference between MAC and Authenticated Encryption?
Format preserving encryption
Whether this PRG is secure or not
The internals of bcrypt
What is Deterministic Authenticated Encryption?
Sum of digits flaw name request
Asmuth-Bloom's threshold secret sharing scheme
Is there an asymmetric algorithm that can perform double encryption?
Why is Pearson hash not used as a cryptographic hash?
Encryption using two keys
“Prime conspiracy”'s effect on cryptography
Best differential characteristic for this PRF
Why does AES ciphertext entropy always close to 8?
Do these new insights into prime numbers affect encryption security?
Is it better to encrypt before compression or vice versa?
Playfair Cipher Confusion with one column encryption
AES key reuse and guessing the key
Which attacks are possible against raw/textbook NTRU encryption?
Which encryption is recommended for own messenger
DGHV Bootstrap - How can I recrypt my cipherbit
Three-Pass Protocol number theory
Anonymity problem after voting with blind signatures
Testing implementation of cryptography algorithms: Brainstorm
PyCrypto and AES: can i use a longer key than the block size (16byte)?
Which protocols / file formats use CBC with a random IV and without a MAC?
Simple application of verifiable random function?
Uniqueness of checksums using DES-MAC encryption?
Unicity-distance of Playfair
Can double-encrypting be easier to break then either algorithm on its own?
Publishing only items your subscriber previously subscribed to, without you knowing which those items are
What are the minimum constraints on RSA parameters and why?
Selective and existential unforgability of signature schemes
Breaking linear blockcipher - expanding recursive formula
Finding Private key in RSA with public key, cipher text and plain text
Is WPA2(PKS) AES vulnerable to 4 way hand shake and brute force attack?
Is it acceptable to write the nonce to the encrypted file during AES-256 GCM?
homomorpic encryption
Proper forward secrecy
Exploiting XOR one-time-pads with alphabet size that isn't a power of 2
How to deal with collisions in Bitcoin addresses?
Padding password before SHA-512 hashing to avoid info leak via timing
Using quadratic residue to learn the sign of a field element
How secure is a client-side javascript encrypter?
Security of Even-Mansour scheme with keyed shuffle?
Signing MD5 hashes with RSA?
Finding d given everything else in RSA
What's the best way to pad a message?
Algebraic structures in RSA
Is regular CTR mode vulnerable to any attacks?
How would multiple uses of a vigenère cipher be decrypted on paper (classic)?
what is DHE_EXPORT cipher suite
How is the message digest related to Signatures and Encryption?
Can the SHA256 hashes of consecutive integers be attacked?
How to calculate the probability to get two random numbers equal from the same generator
Sodium crypto_aead_aes256gcm_encrypt ciphertext length > plaintext length
RSA: Recover e given factorization of N and plaintext/ciphertext pair
Why does Apple create a certificate for my push notification key
Randomness and reversibility of a sequence generated by taking sha256 hashes of an predictably-changing input?
What is the benefit of artificially padding messages?
Given the first half of a SHA-1 hash, can you predict the second half?
Security of Diffie Hellman in specific cyclic group
Recryption of ciphertext with a different key
Is RSA encryption without padding secure with NIST Key Establishment schemes?
A simple keyed message authentication code using XOR
Combining public key signature schemes and private key encryption
Homomorphic system that allows Hamming distance computation?
Which compound algorithms would weaken cipher, not strengthen it?
Authenticated encryption with Signatures
Will changing the RSA Padding in OpenSSL cause issues?
I am trying to generate a permutation of polynomial with order m
Randomize (encrypted) data to hide the behaviour of the data source
If I send a signed email, how does the end user get the public key?
What is considered a "weak key" in AES?
Reversing a hash of known hashing algorithm
How to choose the reduction function in rainbow tables?
Should I use a self-designed Block Cipher Mode of Operation?
Can two files/strings have the same SHA-256 value?
ECIES is must with Symmetric?(ECIES-AES or ECIES-TDES)
TLS padding format
Proper authenticated encryption
The solution of insert MAC in a ciphertext without Authenticated Encryption supported
Is there an avalanche effect using block cipher modes of operation?
RC6-like key schedule with 16-bit S-boxes
dealing with real numbers in Integer Vector Homomorphic Encryption lib
Aggregation signature and verification
Can one extend the nonce of ChaCha/Salsa20 by XORing the extra bits with the key?
Are chosen-prefix collisions for SHA-1 a major threat?
What is the difference between discrete logarithm and logarithm?
SHA encyption (help me)
Exposed raw RSA private key operation
Question about entity authentication
Parallel hashing function that always gives the same hash despite a variable number of cpus
How succeptible to accidental collision is the construct sha256(uuid4 + now) in Python?
What are the requirements of a key schedule?
What is the most common encoding of messages to polynomials?
ChaCha20 core vs ideal unkeyed PRP
Small subgroup attack on Diffie-Hellman key exchange
Finding sum of two encrypted numbers
Is this session start protocol secure?
Is "reused one time pad" safe to encrypt a message like "random number + mod"?
How many bits of plaintext are required to verify a stream cipher key?
Could a strong round function be immune to slide attacks
Value of security through amiguity?
I homebrewed an algorithm. Is it secure?
2 party AND computation under passive perfect security
Why is CRC said to be linear?
Can I open a file in plaintext (already decrypt) but the cipher doesn't change?
On Linux, does /dev/random unblocking imply that /dev/urandom is seeded?
DES: Computing the output of S-Box 1?
Can (EC)DH keys be used as the signed content in X.509 certificates?
multiplicative inverse in galois field $2^8$
How to perform decryption in this single-bit PKE scheme?
Does concatenation of two pair computational indistinguishable distributions still indistinguishable?
elliptic curve point doubling in Jacobian coordinates
Authenticated encryption with Enc-Sign-Mac
Why is padded RSA not CCA-secure?
HMAC Secure Key Exchange?
Bitwise method of generating r for RSA-KEM
How should I implement a secure recovery of encryption?
Detecting encryption in real-time?
How secure would hand ciphers be using a Block Cipher Mode?
Shannon theorem of perfect secrecy
ElGamal scheme signature: if private key a mod p is equal to private sig. key k mod p-1, can an attacker notice and determine the value of a?
What is a purpose of reducing lattice basis?
How to identify the difference between two cryptographic schemes in terms of security?
Factoring large $N$ given oracle to find square roots modulo $N$
Finding missing probabilities for formal proofs
Use Smart Card to decrypt files
Optimal threshold for passive and perfect security
Breaking One Time Pad with CCA
Security of a simple AEAD construction
Cloneability of AES-128
Explanation and proof of a well-know probabilistic lemma
How to invert a linear hash function?
Which is the longest CSPRNG?
About MAC and HMAC
Can an analog of ChaCha with 64-bit words be defined, and would it be secure?
What are the applications of sha3 algorithm?
Shamir secret sharing: calculate rest of shares when you know secret and one share
Have I made any glaring mistakes in my use of Yao's garbled circuits?
What is the recommended format/notation for crypto design?
finding key from given ciphertext and open text
Symmetric : Generate new key from old ones
Speed of a 16384-bit RSA key
Single public key for NaCL signing and encryption?
Are all self-synchronizing cryptosystems necessarily self-synchronizing stream ciphers?
In case M is small is it possible to recover the message
Why need mapping to slots to embed bytes in AES-homomorphic encryption?
Collision-Resistance Hash Function PRF
What's the safest TrueCrypt algorithm and hash?
Do other one-time signature schemes exist?
Why is it a bad idea to use a UTF-8 derived symmetric key?
A confusion on the proof of Yao's theorem (Yao 82)
Why are there $q^2$ keys for each equivalence class in Pedersen-van Heyst Signature Scheme?
Storing RSA private key
How to provide mathematical proof of the security of a stream cipher against known attacks?
Is this SHA256 hash implementation secure from rainbow table, brute forcing attacks?
Partial-Message Collisions on Iterated Hash Functions
Password-based encryption with small typos allowed
Can error correcting codes be used to guess this plaintext?
If we should not reuse primes in DH, shouldn't we not reuse ECDH elliptic curve properties?
What are the possible security issues when exporting a plaintext database to a file like this?
What asymmetric key exchange algorithms are known besides DH?
Discrete logarithm problem is easy in a cyclic group of order a power of two
CCA on PKCS#5 using error feedback
Reuse of TLS client key/certificate in challenge-response protocol
If you receive a message with a digital signature, how do you know what verification key to use and the verification algorithm?
For what does "Rcon" stand for in Rijndael/AES?
Why doesn't this operation reveal the voter's message?
A block cipher whose key changes after each block
Are there any crypography schemes which rely on Graph Isomorphism not being in P?
Purpose of DES parity bits
Generate a random number $r \in \{1,2, \dots , k\}$, where $k$ is not public and is distributedly held
How is it possible that $g^q \equiv 1 \pmod p$ for a generator g?
How would an attacker perform an exhaustive key search on a block cipher using ECB mode?
How to use the Extended Euclidean algorithm to invert a finite field element?
What is this "finite field cryptography"?
Non-iterative cryptographic hash functions
Best Attack Against HFE cryptosystem
What is the advantage of Pseudosquare?
For RSA keys, is the safety of a given key-length different for signing vs encryption?
Decoding the Playfair cipher with a crib
How SAM modules secure transactions?
How does SSL work on the browser
Does composing multiple substitution ciphers improve security?
Trusted Third Party Cryptanalysis Labs?
How do I create a secure encryption scheme using addition?
How to prove a symmetric encryption scheme provides perfect secrecy?
How to reverse engineer a cryptography algorithm if some input-output pair is known.
Is there something wrong with my decryption using key=9, mod 26?
What are fixed points and length extension attack in hash functions?
Is webkey a reasonably secure authentication system?
How to make the range of modulo $p$ to $[-\frac{p}{2};\frac{p}{2}]$?
Is the Discrete logarithm problem suitable for this pairing scheme?
How does the split mask countermeasure work on AES?
Calculation of the avalanche effect coefficient
What is the difference between PBE and symmetric key encryption?
Scalability of homomorphic tallying
Product of Vigenère ciphers is not a Vigenère cipher with length of LCM
Can XTS + checksum be used for authenticated encryption?
What problems with "random" data would cause this result from Ent?
Is it safe to use the same IV for multiple encryptions in AES CBC mode when you are always encrypting random bytes?
Unpredictable value rotation
Do I need to use a MAC with asymmetric encryption?
CryptDB data re-encryption and onion layers
Can you give me a summary of cryptographic hardness assumptions?
How to impersonate Alice = A in this protocol based on replaying a compromised session key
Formal verification in cryptography
Combining multiple PRGs together
How can public key not reverse encryption if the algorithm is known?
UKS attacks. Dangers & Prevention?
How many bits of symmetric security does RSA-3072 actually provide?
can anyone explain inversion per byte?
Shamir's Secret Sharing vs. Asmuth-Bloom scheme
What info should be signed with a digital signature to provide entity authenticaton for DH?
Clifford Cocks Interview: "Raising numbers to a power with the product as modulus"
Possible problems in using a hash algorithm to construct a stream cipher
One-time pad using RSA and Diffie-Hellman functions
What may be causing conflicts in Whirlpool implementation versions?
Is there any IND-CPA secure stream cipher with a "standard" hardness assumption?
AES - Size of T-Boxes and obtaining T-Box values
How to encrypt an image with logistic chaotic map?
RC6 Key Size Understanding
Is parallel, vectorized NORX nearly as fast as hardware-accelerated AES-GCM?
Why does HS1-SIV allow forgeries when the SIV collides, even when the PMN does not collide?
How secure is $\operatorname{AES256}_{\operatorname{ECB}}(\operatorname{ChaCha20}(\text{plaintext}))$?
File using same key on XOR cipher. Using CBC
What would be a typical value for the security parameter of the Fully Homomorphic Encryption over the Integers scheme?
Determining the degree of freedom for a chi-squared test on a strict avalanche criterion matrix
McEliece variants that support signatures
Encrypt-then-HMAC implementation - am I doing it right?
Should we use exponent 3 in RSA-OAEP?
Confusion on Private Information Retrieval by Keywords
Is it possible to utilize an AES-128 encryption hardware unit for AES-256?
Will the contents of a password protected Zip 2.0 file be safe for a week
Practical lattice based signatures and key exchange with strong security reduction
What's the reasoning behind the design of the TLS 1.2 PRF?
Space needed to store an RSA private key
Is there an example of a “robust, yet not private” SMC protocol?
Does the SHA-256 sum of a 256-bit key help you crack it?
Block cipher block and key sizes
Cryptography survey as an undergrad
Large Volumes of Asymmetric Encryption
Find collision in Ajtai's hash function using short vector
RSA encryption with private key, decryption with public key (again)
How can I generate cryptographic-quality 1/f noise, aka “pink noise”?
Rainbow Table - Number of Chains and Chain Length
How important is hardware based crypto in Quantum-safe TLS in mobile devices?
PRNG that takes input a $n$-bit string and gives output a $2n$-bit string?
Brute force knowing a part of the password
Disk encryption using AES-CBC: is reliance on previous block data a downside?
Schnorr signature security level as compared to AES/RSA
Composing hash functions
Do I need to use null bytes and \x80 in hash length extension attack?
What is the starting point of Hellman's TMTO method?
What is the security strength of an n-bit HMAC?
Calculate if a digital signature is valid
Is GCM still recommended?
Nonce encryption with Poly1305-Chacha20
Does length prepending fix the key reuse problems with CBC and CBC-MAC?
Secret construction
security of a block cipher mode of operation
What's the appeal of using ChaCha20 instead of AES?
Comparison of RSA and DRSA scheme using SageMath
A simple client/server authentication protocol
Why is the permutation in AES (and other ciphers) not random or key-dependent?
Can we use more than one irreducible polynomial in AES?
Non-repudiation in classical cryptosystem
Reducing the probability that a password will be guessed
What is the strength and attack vectors of this simple scheme?
Does "double RC4" exhibit the same weaknesses as standard RC4?
Using AES-CTR to generate AES subkeys from a master key and nonce
How does Microsoft's BitLocker Recovery Code work?
Calculating characters from the sum of ASCII pairs
Understanding Hash function notations
Sigma protocol: witness hiding
Are there any hash functions that use integers of arbitrary bit size (e.g., int63)?
How to reverse this hash function?
How does order-preserving encryption work on string?
Huffman coding is a prefix code, proof
Is there a key for AES-128, 256 etc, where cleartext equals ciphertext?
Is OCB the state of the art in authenticated encryption modes of operation for block ciphers?
Deriving Minimum Description Length of Substitution Key
Known Plaintext Attack against 3-round SPECK48/96
Committing to a secret shared value
SHA-1: number of possible inputs, number of possible outputs, how many inputs have the same output,
ElGamal - What if the Decisional Diffie-Hellmann problem could be solved?
Inverting RSA using an oracle
Confusion about definition of homomorphic encryption
Why is 128-bit considered "medium term" security?
Increase in security with increase in size of salt
What is the meaning of IND-CCA secure under standard model?
Does OpenSSL apply ASN1 encoding to the hash before signing using ECDSA?
Majority encryption algorithm?
Software timing attack using Kocher method
Is Threefish the only cipher with 1024 bits of security?
How does Hash with random cryptography work?
Beavers Triple Vs BGW Multiplication on MPC
Can RSA-PSS signing be made deterministic without loss of security?
Is ssl_sign safe as it is using OPENSSL_PKCS1_PADDING
WPA-PSK authentication without password
What is necessary for generating an elliptic curve?
How to attack polyalphabetic affine cipher with only ciphertext?
Time taken for a brute force attack on a key size of 64-bits
Top notation as exponent
AES encryption time difference for same data
SHA1 collision for first 32 bits for two different message
Format Preserving Encryption FF1 Samples
Homomorphic Encryption or not
How to use AES-CBC to password-encrypt a small block of stored data
Is it possible to brute-force a hash algorithm of 32 bits
How do voters verify a Helios (v3) election result?
Stripping off message authentication or signature
Is LUKS Anti-Forensic information splitter (AFsplit) indistinguishable from random data?
Why can't we use the first block of AES-CBC as MAC
How to prove hardness of approximate-GCD problem?
Encryption strength when using a PBKDF
(How) Can we use HOTP for file encryption?
Multiplexed stream cipher
A bijective hash function
Is it possible for the Rho method against an Elliptic Curve to take more than the sqrt of the total state space?
can pdfcrack software crack a 128 bit encrypted pdf file
Subscript R notation for the finite fields
Two-party equality computation
Is AES-CTR or ChaCha20 vulnerable to a time-memory trade off?
Would A5/1 with a much larger state be a good choice of stream cipher for hardware?
Given a public-key encryption and signature scheme, define a new primitive
Differences between OWP and OWF and their IND-CPA security
Security of DGHV Encryption
How to implement 1-out-of-n OT from 1-out-of-2 OT?
Security implication of deriving key with fixed salt for files authentication
State of the art low memory arbitrary-domain PRP?
Two or more initialization vectors with the same key
Can you have partial cryptographic obfuscation (without a trusted setup)?
Integer factorization still hard with Hamming weight hypothesis?
Are the prime numbers used for RSA encryption known?
Generating random non-repeating numbers from a small group
Is there a theorem to determine the elliptic curve parameters based on the group order?
How to run a (provably probably) secure global referendum?
Is Schannel supposed to use SHA1 for (EC)DHE params?
Quantifying bit security for smart-vercauteren encryption scheme
How to crack unknown 8-bit encryption algorithm?
How do I prove the tracing part in a ring signature model?
Are the definitions of IND-CCA secure and of IND-CCA secure under standard model identical?
Turing's (still?) classified inference engine algorithm?
Updating the seed key of a PRNG while maintaining initial entropy?
Deriving 256-bit key from PBKDF2-SHA1
How to construct a collision resistant hash function that is not a one-way function?
Verifying without knowing key?
Passive adversary and active adversary capability?
Key Hierarchy and key Encryption
Why is Siphash-128 considered "experimental"?
The role of the dealer in visual cryptography
key hierarchy management and master key
Deriving AES key and HMAC key from shorter master key
Possibility for same Private Key Generation in identity-based encryption
Is the 'nonce' in bitcoin really a nonce?
Trapdoor and RSA (Schneier)
Calculating the discrete logarithm
Analysis of DGHV Security
GCM: use the same key:IV pair to encrypt file and filename
Can I always derive a key pair from password+salt with libsodium?
Is this Diffie-Hellman key exchange variant vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks?
What is the fastest block cipher in the (Intel) world?
Parallel file encryption and authentication for large files
Can TLS session resumption work after client dropped connection & reconnected to server?
is accessing elements of an array in secret order vulnerable to timing attack?
What does the TLS 1.2 client finished message contain?
Using what we already know about the data to decrypt it?
what is the difference between proofs and arguments of knowledge?
Crypto lib that use files instead of passphrase
On the security definition of password-authenticated key exchange
How to prove that an integer is hard to factorize when sampled from a known distribution
How secure is this logarithmic encryption algorithm?
Steps to encrypt endorsements to a petition
Some confusions about Repeated Doubling Algorithm?
Creating an SPN cipher from ChaCha20 or Salsa20's double round function
Attacks on schemes based on elliptic curves when the transmitted points are not on the curve
Benchmarks for second round CAESAR competitors
Can multi-prime RSA be used to create an abuse-resistant lawful interception mechanism?
Why hash function are used in digital signatures?
What is transaction capacity of a POS using 3DES DUKPT?
SHA256(RsaPrivateKey) == AES key?
What implementation properties of a hash function prevent safe truncation?
Key management and derivation - Allow changing of the passphrase
About ORAM initalization and running out of space
Can I compute “SHA256(secret||data)” when having “SHA256(secret)” and “data”?
what is meaning of operator " := " in cryptography?
Are collision-resistant hash functions even possible? [see description]
Trying to udnerstand textbook sample solution
Synchronous Stream Cipher Problem
Trying to understand textbook exercise question regrading RSA
How to detect what crypto-method is used by Filecoder.Q?
Does using a verifiable secret sharing scheme ensure robustness of a protocol if it is secure under the semi-honest adversarial model
What are the time considerations with regard to security against birthday attack?
Why only one secret value with Shamir's secret sharing?
Searchable Encryption with Substring Search
When to chose hardware accelerated crypto for Big Data
About BGV Scheme Batching Technique
Is there any function that does not suffers birthday problem?
Authentication by hardcoding public key in client software
Why are the bit lengths of keys and digests equal in Lamport signatures?
Using a straight password for encryption and authentication
Give a simple hash chain example in Java
In RSA. Why is $\phi(n)$ kept secret and $n$ is public?
Tackling encryption problems with "Zipf's law"?
EC Schnorr signature: multiple standard?
Key size for HMAC-SHA256
Is correlation in vector distributions "dangerous"?
Practical differences between circuits and turing machines for cryptography
Do you need a HMAC if decryption attempts are severely limited?
What functional encryption scheme can be used to compute a linear function?
How to use OpenSSL command line utility to encrypt data with encrypted key from public key?
Why does DSA require that a new $k$ be chosen and the algorithm restarted if $s=0$?
Length of encryption password aes-256-cbc
One time Key Encapsulation Mechanism?
mode of operation in cryptography
Question about Cipher Block Chaining(CBC)
Understanding the Hidden Subgroup Problem specific to Integer Factorization
Best known attack
Backdoor in NIST elliptic curves
How robust is my coded output?
How secure is the OTR protocol?
Is this cascading encryption, and is my security weakened as a result?
Is the use of a 4-round Blake2b permutation in OPP justified?
How is decryption done in AES CTR mode?
What would happen to AES if we replaced MixColumns with ShiftColumns?
To what extent is WhatsApp's statement on secure messaging realistic?
Can we do modulus switching for number theoretic encryption?
RSA encryption using multiplication
Symmetric cipher speed (AES vs Camellia vs Twofish)
How are boolean functions used in cryptography?
How do attacks on WEP work?
What is the private key in RSA?
How to find the time complexity of modular multiplication?
Elgamal with secret key equal to zero possible?
Is it possible to combine two hash functions in such a way that cracking the constructed hash would require cracking the constituent hashes?
Algorithm for Boneh and Durfee attack on RSA
CPA on theoretical OTP with CBC mode
Is this simple PRNG secure?
Can I get successful signature verification with just altering message and signature?
Why is DSA falling out of favor?
Where is the mistake in my RSA by-hand calculation?
Homomorphic multiplication by a scalar
1-out-of-2 OT from Random 1-out-of-2 OT
Why do we use hex output for hash functions?
Is double AES-CBC encryption with the same key and IV unsafe?
How distinct are the meanings of the terms "CSPRNG," "DRBG" and "stream cipher"?
Examples of modern, widely used ciphers that suddenly fell?
How much does using the same $H$ for all messages weaken GCM?
Strength of $H(k\|H(m))$ as a MAC algorithm
Is it safe to encrypt data using XOR along with CSPRNG seeded with a truly random number?
Multilinear Pairing in Cryptography
Is it safe to use fast/small hash for key identity?
Triple DES with 2 keys
Is 3 rounds more secure than 2 in this simplified DES?
Is every point on an elliptic curve of a prime order group a generator?
How to prove the security of block ciphers
How are the IVs of SHA512/256 and SHA512/224 calculated?
TLS 1.2 finished message stucture
Yaos Millionaire Problem: Why distance >= 2?
What kind of analysis can I perform on my implementation of Salsa20 and Rabbit ciphers?
Fully or partially Decrypting Data with Multiple keys
If I am about to generate one-time pad, where should I generate my pads from?
Converting a 5-bit s-box to its bit-sliced format
Algorithm to rotate values in a predefined manner
Hash function with good performance on extremely short messages
Is there any symmetric key cipher (block or stream cipher) providing partial decryption?
ECFP harder than ECDLP ?
How is the base64 encoded signature in Craig Wright's proof constructed?
Statistical tests for PRNG that generates a sequence which is not binary
Is it possible to enumerate the possible RSA keys?
Prove that the following MAC is insecure
A question about fully homomorphic encryption (FHE)
How to generate many passwords from one passphrase, so that knowledge of one password does not compromise the others?
What is the branch number of this matrix?
How to use the hardcoded server's public key to register a client application?
Securely register a client in server using AES an RSA
Does a password that's cracked someone's account increase the chances of cracking someone else's account?
SipHash's (non-)collision resistance
Should RSA primes p and q differ in length by "a few digits"?
Decrypting an RSA message given $a^2 \equiv 1 \pmod n$
Why ssh-gen makes difference between PEM and PKCS8?
Encrypting using "Cryptography.HMACSHA1", how to decrypt (VBA)
In Fortuna, can I use ChaCha20 instead of a block cipher and Blake2b instead of iterated SHA256?
Book recommendation about MPC?
Why do cryptographic hashing and symmetric encryption use different functions?
Validating subset of a password
Are there attacks on AES with 16-bit keys?
Should HMAC-SHA3 be preferred over H(C(k,M))?
BB84 quantum protocol
How can bit slicing be constant time, when Mix Columns is in the cipher
How to find $e$ when $p,q,d$ are given?
How many qubits are required to break RSA 2048 or 4096 with a universal quantum computer?
Yao's Garbled Circuit- Why does Alice need to rearrange the circuit?
RSA: select $e$ given $n$ and $\varphi(n)$
How do you prove an encryption scheme is IND-CPA or IND-CCA?
An example of of an information theoretically secure protocol that is not cryptographically secure
Noise in Homomorphic encryption
Handshake SSLv2, SSLv3, TLS
DROWN Attack - Which is the SSLv2 vulnerability exploited?
Diffie-Hellman: Calculating the private key from the public key with Java
Proving CCA security for scheme constructed from secure PRP
How to find collisions in a hash function knowing its coefficent?
Encrypting/Decrypting using RSA and AES; standards?
What are the pros and cons of SIP media encryption types SRTP, ZRTP, and DTLS?
Yao's Garbled circuit: Does Bob ever see the circuit?
Given a hash function how to find all/some inputs that hash to 0?
How much weaker is AES-64 than AES-128?
How can I show RSA OAEP IND-CPA secure
Can CMAC be used as a 128bit Key Derivation Function?
Is Using Digital Signatures to prove identity a zero knowledge proof?
Does revealing shares of the result reveals shares of the inputs?
Does sending the same message with 2 different keys in OTP leak information?
NIST Diffie-Hellman prime: how was it picked? Where did it come from?
State recovery of Micalli-Schnorr random number generator modulo a prime
Safe MD5 digest
Why are MACs not included when defining Protocols?
ORAM over Third Party DB
RSA Encryption problem for Discrete Math
Security of Fernet Construction (wrt non self delimiting tokens and HMAC short key size)
Access control problem in oblivious transfer
Simulation-Based Proof: When a Secret Key is Involved
Twofish MDS and PHT
DROWN - decrypting ServerVerify message is not enough?
How do Käsper and Schwabe's Bitsliced AES Mixcolumns work?
DTLS 1.2 Finished message
Conditions for a successful Differential Power Analysis attack
Security of AES CTR with multiple messages containing the same known plain text
Binary fast exponentiation method
Rotate values in predefined manner
What security checks do I need for SRP-6a?
How to find HEXA value of String
Is this PRG secure?
How to test implementation of primality tests like Miller–Rabin?
How to break a Quagmire 3 cipher?
check user signed in group signature
How to increment the counter value for CTR mode?
Why does Carter-Wegman MAC have 2n-bit output?
What is the probability of attacking SHA1 used in RSA signature with small exponent?
Can I serve data for user without the ability to access them? Which functions for the user remain?
What is the security gain of applying Two S-boxes in Different Ways?
How are security proofs done in ABE Schemes?
How is the block size of a block cipher related to how susceptible the block cipher is to a birthday attack?
Multiplying integers modulo $2^{255}-19$ using the Curve25519 polynomial reduction algorithm
Security of randomized data dependant key schedules?
How to decrypt an RSA ciphertext given an oracle providing the lower 8 bits of decryptions?
Is the following 4 digits code generator secure and non-deterministic?
Zero Knowledge Proof extended Schnorr - average secrets
Difference between FleXOR and Free-XOR
How do you work out the private key in a RSA cryptosystem knowing a certain public key?
Fixed primes in discrete logarithm
What's the difference between PBKDF and SHA and why use them together?
Get $a$ such that quadratic residue has a solution (Rabin)
How to normalize data of a generic HTTP request for the purpose of signing
New Improved Probabilistic version of RSA
Get secret_value from multiple hashes md5(known_value_n + secret_value)
Is a KDF needed when using X25519 for ECDH and XChaCha20-Poly1305 for AEAD?
Why would a 3DES key decrypt one block, but not the next?
Is a good idea to generate a public key from a secret key using a functional encryption scheme?
Application level encryption and key renewal
Is $E′(k,m)=E(0^n,m)$ semantically secure?
Randomness of a Key in a One Time Pad
Why is a one-time MAC secure for MAC-then-encrypt with randomized-CTR but not randomized-CBC?
Key exchange problem
Private key can't be traced (GPG)?
Is the one-time pad secure?
Is there a reduction of security if I XOR Pkcs5S2 and SecureRandom?
Can one make a secure AEAD from any secure cipher and any secure MAC?
Cryptanalysis of XOR cipher with repeated key phrase
The knife paradox?
Generating an IV for AES-CBC
Cracking vigenere of non-text cleartext
How to add passphrase to an RSA key?
How to assess the strength of the avalanche effect for AES?
FHE Block ciphers' usage
How do I validate the AES cipher?
What is the random tape?
AES 128 bits with 12 bytes IV vector composed of a 4 bytes counter : safe?
RSA 3072 is 65,536 more difficult to factor than 2048?
AES GCM encryption, authentication and PBKDF2
Does a big salt have the same memory effects as Bcrypt?
Need for 3 rounds in Luby Rackoff theorem
Should I add randomness at the end before AES?
Does a key need to be signed if it is being used to decrypt a message that is already signed?
What is proper size of window Using RSA Window method?
How can I convert a mathematical formula into a logical formula?
Documents about ZUC
differential cryptanalysis cipher for the final round
Possible enigma settings?
Multiplying two additively shared values
Single-scalar multiplication with sign bit
How many blocks can securely be encrypted with XTS
Quantum vs. regular computing time to break ECC?
How do two parties put together the AUTH data in the SKEME protocol?
What is the major difference between FIPS 186-2 and FIPS 186-4?
Security of the shared secret key for a smart meter (Linky)
How secure is MD5 for one way authentication?
tweakable block cipher and ideal block cipher
What use cases would benefit from a faster RNG?
Hash algorithm with the least chance for collision
Expire signature
Which values to store in rainbow table generation?
Motivation for the definition of statistical distance
Time complexity of looking up in a rainbow table
Order of multiple encryption algorithms
Is a composition of clocked entities a clocked entity in the UC model?
What does $\langle A, B\rangle$ mean?
Appropriate scrypt parameters when generating an scrypt hash
What is the diffrence between Feistel networks and SPN?
How to break a 32 bit block cipher without key?
Is a chosen ciphertext attack on PGP still possible?
Why does RSA need p and q to be prime numbers?
Can I use a block cipher in CTR mode to generate keys from a master key?
How does blocksize affect security?
Insecurity of CBC-MAC
Can an adversary distinguish a private key from a pseudo-random string of the same length?
Creating ECDH using OpenSSL
Election communication protocol
Why are {0,1}-matrices almost-MDS only when n is 2, 3, or 4?
How does Feistel cipher create diffusion between blocks?
Is ElGamal encryption still secure if the randomness is known to be even?
How long should a HMAC cryptographic key be?
Can the attack against SHA-1 be parallelized?
Differential & linear characteristics for integer multiplication
Which elliptic curves are quantum resistant?
Correlation Immunity Of 4 bit S Box
Chosen Ciphertext Attack on the Public Key in PGP
Is the "New Hope" Lattice Key Exchange vulnerable to a lattice analog of the Bernstein BADA55 Attack?
XTS and 256-bit data blocks
Can a compressed checksum be considered unique
What does 0...0 and 1...1 mean
Can $d$ and $e$ be the same number in RSA?
How to generate an RSASSA-PSS signature with MGF1-SHA256?
Using a round function intended for an SP network in a Feistel network?
Padding schemes for asymmetric encryption with provable security in the standard model
Designing a secure protocol to avoid MITM?
Do I need to worry about timing attacks in Base64 encoding/decoding of private keys?
How to sign a large file for random-access reading?
About random self-reducibility of DDH
Use $e$ in GGH as shared secret?
Should I use XTS or GCM to encrypt my hard drives?
Using bcrypt for MAC - is it correct and secure?
Can you still decrypt XTS if half of the cipher text is deleted?
Where and how to store private keys in web applications for private messaging with web browsers
Collisions in the cyclotomic knapsack function
Do key-dependent S-boxes make efficient constant-time software implementations almost impossible?
Use MDC to provide origin authentication for public key encryption?
Master keys' strengh
Why is padding the plaintext with a random string before encryption worse than OAEP / PKCS#7?
Why can an elliptic curve private key be 1?
Derive $x$ when given $g,g^x$ and $g^{(1/x)}$?
How can a poor RNG impact security?
How to distributively compute a secret of that form $\mathsf{s=sk\cdot g^a}$?
DTLS 1.2 Key Expansion
Montgomery multiplication without final subtraction
CBC mode with same plaintext
Encrypt-then-MAC when encrypting data in multiple blocks?
Is this hash function almost XOR universal?
Is this a good choice of a digital signature scheme?
Can I change an encryption key used without decrypting first
How does the Number Field Sieve find the target number for Diffie-Hellman?
Do I need to use a CSPRNG when creating salts for user accounts?
Scalar Multiplication for Elliptic Curve
Fully Homomorphic Encryption over the Integers with Shorter Public Keys
In RSA, how does the CPU deal with this huge modulus (8192 bits)?
Why is a-symmetric so much harder to compute and why does it need such big keys?
Sieving the sequence $x^2-n$ to recognize b-smooth numbers
How do I pick variable length passwords uniformly at random?
RC4 using a key without nonce's or IV's
Is this approach able to protect against padding oracle attacks?
Range of a number notation
ECDH Man-in-the-middle active attack
X509 certificate
In the Quadratic Sieve, why restrict the factor base?
multi key encryption
Why the exponent is a power of 2 in Ring-LWE?
Size of Pre-Master Secret?
How to determine how good our generator of random numbers is
Exponential cipher theory misunderstanding
Not-So-Simple Substitution Cipher?
If I encrypt data with two different ECC Private keys, how secure is the result?
El Gamal special construction
Is it possible to extract the decryption key from a locked android device
Is SHA-256 safe and difficult to crack?
How to brute force sqlcipher encrypted file with MD5 hash of a 7 bit key?
Chosen-Message-Attack RSA-Signature
Why is it better to have the private key as the multiplicative inverse mod phi(n) in RSA?
How to decrypt SSL data on a considered-to-be-compromised host?
Digital signature with collision
Issue Factorization Quadratic Sieve
How to forge signatures in the Schnorr scheme if $r=g^k$ is eliminated?
Insecure third party connection
X509 Cert exploit CA check
How to generate an El Gamal signature without knowing the private key x?
Combining secure hashes with insecure hashes?
How many field operations are needed when you compute kG in elliptic curves with a multiple additions or the double-ans-add-algorithm?
Why Rabin fingerprints assumes data is prefixed with a "1" bit?
Numeric base conversion in cryptosystems?
Camellia Key Schedule
Number of Sbox in a Cipher
Calculating probability of finding collisions in an invertible hash function
El Gamal existential forgery using Pointcheval–Stern signature algorithm
On a proposition in NTRU original paper: $\gamma_1 |f|_2 |g|_2 \leq |f \circledast g|_\infty \leq \gamma_2 |f|_2 |g|_2$
Is predictable ciphertext/plaintext bad?
Why is it that most messages seem to be expanded?
Security Strength of Double Substitution Ciphers
how to prove our algorithm is secure against chosen plaintext attack?
is Authentication tag always appended at last to ciphertext in AES-GCM 256?
Can you decrypt with 1 round key?
Different kind of PGP keys or IDs, how to interpret them?
hash function for elliptic curve co-ordinates
Qubit / Qutrit - Is there a theoretical limit on how many orthogonal states a quantum bit has?
Is there a difference between $\mathbb{Z}_2^b$, $\text{GF}(2^b)$ and $\text{GF}(2)^b$?
Why does OpenPGP encryption produce different ciphertexts from the same plain text?
How feasible is a preimage attack or speedups to brute force a substring of MD5?
How to find the keyword of the Playfair cipher, given the plaintext and the ciphertext?
Factorization of RSA modulus using a qubic residue
Does AAD make GCM encryption more secure?
First preimage resistance check
Am I correctly understanding TLS 1.2 PRF (Pseudorandom Function)?
Is this a better involution S-Box for the Anubis cipher?
Where in FIPS documents stated that SHA-1 is not secure?
How does this affine cipher work?
Key Distribution Center Key Protocol Analysis
If I don't use XOR in Davies–Meyer, does it remain collision resistant?
Is it possible to securely combine multiple hashes without hashing them?
What are the most appropriate PKI based cryptographic protocols for peer to peer communicaton?
Is there a administrator key that can decrypt all ciphertexts encrypted with different keys by different persons in a group?
PBKDF2 PRF: HMAC or just hash?
Combining AES-SIV and a password-derived key
Comparison on Ciphertext with Helib
AES with shuffleBytes instead of shiftRows
Probability of hash collision in exhaustive mapping from input to output
Practical multivariate quadratic FHE – how does it compare to other FHEs?
Term for the ratio of ciphertext to plaintext size?
How to hash a set of elements
ECDSA key recovery - floating point values
Cryptographic Algorithm
ECDSA non random k - Retrieve private key
Need help understanding this exercise's solution
meaning of Reduce f modulo the order of the base point G
How secure is AES-256, but with an effective key length of 56-bits?
How does this solution guarantee authentication of B and privacy?
Audio Encryption in Voip SIP
Is it insecure to generate a key with your own public and private DH keys?
What's wrong with XOR encryption with hash and an iterated salt
Key derivation with Curve25519 for data encryption
Enhance security by combining bits of 4 different hashes
Did authentication/signature primitives fall under the Wassenaar Arrangement?
How to calculate active s-boxes from branch number?
Is it possible for Alice and Bob to both sign a message "simultaneously"?
Factoring an RSA modulus given high bits of a factor
Highest prime factor that is Safe for a particular scheme
Does a partial preimage attack imply a preimage attack?
I Have An Encrypted Message
How secure is HMAC SHA256
What are the practical impacts of Wassenaar Arrangement to crypto development?
What are the correct order of operations for One Time Pad Cipher?
Why does choosing the first coprime e greater than half of φ(n) result in the same d (private exponent)
Boneh/Franklin Identity based encryption with Tate pairing
If A and B are co-primes, does Ax mod B (where x, any positive int) gives {0,1,2,....,B-1}?
Are transposition ciphers insecure?
Did a certain cryptography method get abandoned due to security flaws in the past?
Password entropy much lower than entropy of encryption keys. Why is this acceptable?
RSA Digital Signature vs Elgamal Digital Signature
Why can't current quantum computers break RSA?
Can you use a hash as a password?
Ideal way to profile/performance-measure cipher implementations
Can you tell me how to create a cipher please? just a little simple one
Do the limitations of PRNGs apply to CSPRNGs when shuffling a list?
Why the light contrast of a set $\mathcal{E}$ of VCRG produced by an encryption scheme for a binary image B is defined as follows
Can using a cascade encryption decrease security?
Do key collisions for symmetric ciphers exist?
Encrypted firmware
How to prove a function is pseudorandom function?
Security of a MAC
Affine decryption
How does BB84 fare against an attacker who can entangle qubits?
Safe MAC proof check
Recover elliptic curve order from ECDSA signatures
If I can crack the AES, how do I crack the wifi
Software Security Impossible in Non-Trusted Hardware?
Is there a way to turn a PGP key into its semi-prime counterpart?
Security or not in Key distribution
How many hashes one needs in order to reverse engineer hash function?
Diffie Hellman Exchange Confusion
How to select corresponding ciphertext in anonymous Identity-based broadcast encryption?
What is a simple information authentication protocol for constrained devices?
Carmichael's function in Cryptography
Simultaneous 2 way exchange without trusted third party
How to calculate how many trials I need to guess the plain text if a simple P-Box is used to make the cipher text
Prove that a function is PRF?
Do we still need HMAC now that SHA3 is here?
Is the "Hash Tree" described in this paper the same as a Merkle Hash Tree?
Additive homomorphic encryption over small fields
Prove that a function is not PRF?
Encrypting user data with their password?
If we know a sha256 hashed value and its message length can we find the message?
What's is the simplest possible example of using cryptography to sign a message?
Which one has better Performance?
Encrypted comms between devices on LAN
Security when using same salt for different passwords, compared to using different salts?
Plotting Running Times of SAT solver
Increase in AES SBox
Cryptography behind the Turing Imitation Key (TIK)
Last Sbox of a block cipher for Linear Cryptanalysis
To utilize asymmetric cryptography in symmetric manner - demand-of-security-definition?
Concept of "guessed ID" in Authenticated Identity-Based Encryption
Direct Anonymous Attestation
How subscriptions are managed in PayTV securely?
AES encryption for pairwise identifiers
How to generate 1000 prime number of 1024-bit with much less time?
What are KDF parameters in OpenSSL command-line utility for `enc`?
How does the key size in supersingular isogeny schemes relate to their security level?
Countering Cryptographic Attacks
How hard is it to generate a simultaneous MD5 and SHA1 collision?
Hash system to generate same (specified) hash from multiple datasets?
Truly Random Values
Equality checking using additive homomorphic encryption
Compute Modulo exponentiation with prime powers
How share size is reduced in robust secret sharing?
Can Shor's algorithm compromise RSA when both the public and private key are secret?
How can I create pre-determined encrypted results?
Using Shor's algorithm to solve the discrete logarithm problem
Can a server's ECDSA fingerprint be spoofed during SSH?
Why SSH does not use a certificate authority in the same way as SSL
Which one is correct probability formula for the same master secret value in identity-based encryption
How to encrypt huge data using RSA?
Security (CPA?,CCA?) in Authenticated identity-based encryption
How can I determine key length for message encrypted by many-time-pad?
Reversing a known encryption algorithm (4-byte repeating key XOR)
Is PGP's way of maintaining email security optimal?
Is this a proper key-exchange implementation?
How to select a good scale for letter frequency in a text?
How to prove a lemma that is based on phi-hiding assumption?
linear cryptanalysis: how are the subkey bits removed from the linear approximation?
Zero-knowledge proof system which is not proof of knowledge?
What is the right tool to MPC linear equations system
Using Pollard's lambda in a key-recovery attack on DH
Calculating Polynomial Inverse with extended euclid in java
identifying presence of encryption of zero in additive homomorphic encryption
Why is synthetic IV (SIV) mode considered deterministic authenticated encryption (DAE)?
Advantages/disadvantages of using symmetric encryption function as hash function?
How can I obtain the raw decimal value of an RSA key's modulus?
Why is Diffie-Hellman used instead of just RSA in key-exchange (TLS, IKE)?
Name of an archaic type of RSA padding (0BBBBBBB...)
Is the ring learning with errors problem still hard if the errors are drawn from some subspace?
Some terms related to secret sharing: Optimality, What does it mean?
Output of a Linear Shift Register given Plaintext and intial state
Is PKCS7 a signature format or a certificate format?
bruteforce on aes 256 cbc mode
Does encryption of data/information take place in peer to peer networks like Gnutella, Bittorrent?
What would currently make the strongest https connection?
Encryption-then-encode or encode-then-encryption?
culling equivalent Enigma keys for short messages
Why does 3DES need private key to decrypt?
Homomorphic encryption over finite fields
Hash Function representation in identity-based encryption
What is the LENGTH parameter in EEA2?
How was the AES MixColumns matrix constructed?
Is a hash function used to expand the key after ECC shared secret is complete?
Older key as PGP subkey?
After a diffie hellman key exchange, what is the common secret used for?
what kind of custom header add to encrypted file to identify my encryption,consider safe and reliable.like pseudo format extension or file size
What is the recommended number of iterations for Argon2?
Secure Cipher Suites supported by JDK versions
Error Detection/Correction Code-Then-Encrypt
Are there any high level memory-hard PBKDF constructions?
Nonce for AES GCM to prevent replay attacks
Are public key and private key exchangeable?
factorization of an integer $N$ that is in special format
What does this notation stand for when describing a code?
Change initial hash value of SHA512/t
What is the most efficient attack on NTRU?
tripartite diffie hellman with Weil pairing
Can I use the Sequence Number as the (implicit) IV in AES-GCM IPsec?
Diffie-Hellman combined with DSA/RSA
Forgery attack against Textbook RSA with simple redundancy
proof of correctness Ring-LWE cryptosystem
Questions about length key of RSA 2048 bit
Conditions for Perfect Secrecy with the Vigenere Cipher
Conditional probability with Vigenere Cipher given specific plaintexts and key sizes
Security Proof in Fuzzy Identity Based Encryption?
Salting Hash stored on RFID tag?
Are analog quantum computers a threat to RSA and DLP?
Quantum complexity of LWE
Password manager that uses a mix of long and short key derivation functions
Find an example of a lattice such that LLL algorithm can't find the shortest vector of the lattice, satisfying
Is the use of AES in LoRaWAN correct?
Binary format of encrypted PGP private key?
How does DH work when combined with ECC or RSA?
Given C is a code of length n. Containing M code-words with a distance d
In Shamir's (t, n) secret sharing scheme why don't use infinite field?
Given a prime exponent e and a prime number n, find b, where b^e = 1 mod n
Is there a method/protocol to validate a self-signed certificate by comparing a shortened hash?
Decrypting a blowfish cipher with three keys
Why is RSA still being used?
Dependency of cryptographic protocols on cryptography primitives
Importance of round complexity in determining the efficiency of an MPC protocol
Can any MAC be used as a KDF?
Parameterizing adversaries with security parameters
Found weil pairing. Index Calculus method on the results of weil pairing
Any benefit to writing a message as a mix of 2 languages before encryption?
Is it possible to test implementation for side-channel attacks?
Notation of * in hash function of identity-based encryption
Finding all polynomials up to a given degree to generate a bit sequence
What is the non-programmable random oracle model?
Are there key-derivation functions that are safe to use in parallel on the same secret?
Who invented the $1^n$ notation?
How to deniably send a value
What makes an open source encryption algorithm safe?
Do RSA keys contain a checksum mechanism?
Are any of the practical implementations of ORAM being used in a real world system?
Efficiency of oblivious algorithms vs non-oblivious algorithms?
How do “modes of operation” with block ciphers like (eg) DES work?
Attacking Scrypt Under Access Pattern Leakage
Attacks from releasing decrypted CCM payload before verifying tag
Feistel-Network - why wire crossing?
Getting the same two hash values for carved files I found
Prime factorization of 700 decimal digits number
How can a hash function that implements random oracle model have collision resistance?
Build a hash function that returns a digest in $\mathbb{Z}_{N}^{\ast}$
Hash function notations and their corresponding existing cryptographic hash algorithm
Elliptic curve and embedding degree
SHA-3 maximal number of zeros (Padding)
How can I instantiate a generalized hash function?
In Paillier homomorphism, how do you deal with bit length?
Feasible attacks on ECRSA cryptosystem
We can obtain "absolutely perfect CONFIDENTIALITY" using the one-time pad. Is there such a thing as "absolutely perfect INTEGRITY"?
hash function notations and existing cryptographic hash algorithms
Rotating password with PBKDF2
"NP-complete" authentication systems
In Paillier homomorphism how do you substract?
Why is symmetric lightweight crypto only about block ciphers and not about stream ciphers?
What do the last chunks of the output string of Scrypt contain?
Does changing the order of the steps within a round affect the security of AES?
Which public key cryptosystems are not based on number theory?
A5/2: Ciphertext Only Attack
How should I read these three-dimensional (pseudo)random-generated numbers representations?
What is the exact algorithm and functions of the 4 way handshake?
How to tell if an audio stream is encrypted or corrupted?
Encoding an element in $r=r'||h(r')$ way
Proof for collision resistance on a block-based hash
HSM RNG - Compliance to FIPS 186-2
In which situation is HMAC mandatory rather than signature?
How to meter and limit number of files encrypted?
Can Shannon's entropy be used to determine if a file is encrypted?
Can a hash have more than one input?
Order-Preserving Encryption (OPE) and leakage
Is this an effective obfuscation technique?
Calculating 3DES Key Check Value (KCV)
SAT-Based Public Key Cryptosystem
Are there some well-known crypto APIs that leak information?
How can I resolve this basic MAC paradox I’m stumbling upon in my proof?
Is "6 bit packed ASCII" an effective encoding to obscure text data?
Is anyone using Half-Bit encryption? What is it used for now?
Is XORing a random stream of bytes a secure way to obscure a file?
Does the Blowfish cipher work with OFB mode?
Encrypting big numbers into small ones?
Under which conditions would it be OK to use “H(pass||data)”?
Incorrect answers to queries in Waters' IBE proof by Bellare and Ristenpart
justification for method to factorize n knowing RSA private exponent d
Where is the key in white-box AES cryptography?
How to do statistical analysis on encrypted / anonimized data
Computing cost for a trillionaire to compute GNFS in RFC 3766
How simple can the PRP used in the Even-Mansour scheme be?
Commutative Hash Function for Password Challenge?
AEAD: Is it secure to decrypt the content encryption key before verifying the MAC?
Cardinality of the group of units in a cyclotomic ring?
How to deal with a cipher with addition and XORs combined together?
Getting a key size of DSA/Elgamal certificate
What is the point of differential cryptanalysis when the amount of necessary plaintext is unrealistic?
Finding $f^{-1}$ in the YASHE keygen algorithm
Freely available softwares for simulating/implementing MPC protocols
Can I use a differential that can be traced through the whole cipher with 100% probability?
Is brainpoolP512r1 safe?
Do all ciphers have equivalent decryption keys?
Construct new SIS solutions from given ones
Keyless Signature Infrastructures as a secure Post-Quantum Scheme
Do equivalent RSA keys exist?
Why do different applications of hash functions demand different properties of the hash function?
ZK proof that two short solutions are equal
RSA cipher: ambiguous or break by eth root?
Layman's description of the padding oracle attack
Why is RSA decryption the inverse of encryption?
Is it safe to combine System.Random with cryptographically secure pseudo-random number generators?
The main differences between Sketch of Proof and Full proof
How to obtain 256-bit security from Ed25519?
Proving a function is one way hash function
Are Paillier and El Gamal encryption schemes secure against quantum attacks?
How can I be sure the RNGCryptoServiceProvider is able to produce 12 bytes that can have 2^96 values?
Multiplicative sharing of 1
DIY message level security?
What does Shor's algorithm tell us about the complexity class of RSA and the DLP?
Security proof in (Ciphertext-Policy) Attribute-Based Encryption
Key recovery when AES ECB is used for short but repeated messages
What are the differences between X9.31 RSA operation and PKCS#1 RSA operation?
What are I2OSP & OS2IP in RSA PKCS#1?
Secret sharing scheme with ability to add or update share number
Anonymous Identity-based broadcast encryption use single common key or different keys
How was the special DES key 0E329232EA6D0D73 found?
Is there a problem in a PK cryptosystem if the plaintexts are very small compared to the ciphertexts?
Are there any signatures based on matrix multiplication with noise?
PAN authenticatable irreversible tokenization algorithm
Authenticating a range of a ciphertext
Can we use a sort of "hash" function in CTR mode instead of a block cipher?
RSA key generation gives d=1
Why not consider modification in ciphertext part in identity-based encryption
How to glean info from a message that simply has the letters shuffled?
Cracking a PRNG by observing ranks within groups of its output
PBKDF2 with the same salt for all IDs
Chance of finding the right key by exhaustively searching on half of the key space
Why are zk-SNARKs possible, in layman's terms
What are the benefits of being able to choose (most of) the public key in a PKC?
Plaintext for randomness evaluation of cryptographic algorithms?
Secure algorithm for calculating token and comparison
How does Ring Learning with Errors work?
Simulation-based proofs - advice tape of reduction algorithm
MAC unforgeability and secret key guessing
HMAC vs CMAC, which is faster?
Will the non-colluding servers communicate in IT-PIR schemes ?
Clarification on the origin of `01` in this oracle padding attack?
Does Kasisky test for Vigenère cyphers assumption always hold?
SPDZ protocol: how expensive is it to generate the multiplicative triples?
Can you help me understand some details about the attack using SSL3 POODLE bytes?
AES Key Generation based on database guid
Calculating $d$ in RSA?
PBKDF2 without salt on 16 digit password
Proof of IND-q-CCA security
Decomposing a vector of random bits into constituent XORed vectores
What are some good examples of modifying crypto where flaws are not really obvious?
In NTRU, if $N$ is not prime, prove that one can recover the private key by solving a lattice problem in dimension lower than $2N$
Decryption Queries and its meaning in identity-based encryption
MICKEY 2.0: Mutual irregular clocking, register states
Why am I getting a wrong output when implementing Feige-Fiat-Shamir ID protocol?
Why MACs are so important despite digital signatures doing everything a MAC can do and more
Malleable encryption
Is the difference distribution table of AES S-box uniform?
How do they avoid Zero Knowledge Proofs in the paper Priced Oblivious Transfer: How to sell Digital Goods?
In which cases should the IV be kept secret?
Why is a LCG not suitable for use in a cryptographic primitive?
XOR and bilinear form property
More suitable Substitution Box
Is this ECDHE approach secure?
Why DES s-box non-linear? Why it makes the cracking of the cypher more difficult?
Secure Communication Protocol Design using oblivious transfer?
GIven Unencrypted and encrypted data (AES-GCM) both, is it possible to calculate the Chiper key of AES-GCM
security of using digital signature as key derivation material
ZK Proof for SIS
Clarification on Key exchange approaches in TLS/SSL
Definition of secure computation with more that two parties
uf-cma and uf-cmva probabilistic MAC
Encrypt a small amount of data with a password derived from PBKDF2
In what sense addition modulo $n$ ($n>2$) isn't linear in the field $\mathbb{F}_2$?
Why security proof uses random oracles in identity-based encryption?
What is many:1 and collision in MD5?
Advantage of attacker in CPA secure IBE
The Encode algorithm of Garbling scheme is probabilistic or deterministic?
AES sbox security issue - power analysis attack?
Some Question about Security Proof of authenticated identity-based encryption
Are there encryption schemes with which it takes (significantly) longer to encrypt than to decrypt?
Why would Carter-Wegman-style message authentication not be broken by P = NP?
In PKCS#1 V2.2, should MGF be based on the same hash function that RSA-OAEP-ENCRYPT uses?
Is using a rolling code as a constantly-changing shared secret effective for signing?
Why is the simulation required in these identity-based encryption security proofs?
One-wayness proof of Elgamal
Can we develop a working asymmetric crypto message protocol without an asymmetric encryption algorithm?
Is there a sufficiently memory-hard asymmetric encryption available?
When would I need DSA as opposed to RSA for digital signature?
Given a sequence of integers, would applying AES encryption to the sequence produce a unique set of strings?
Random oracles and independence
Does adding more characters to the Enigma rotors improve crypto strength?
Difference between a circuit and a normal function
Can MGF1 within OAEP and PSS be replaced by a XOF?
Why does Paillier have poor performance?
Do reversible black box obfuscators exist?
Least-weak way to authenticate using only AES ECB/CBC
proving indistinguishability of joint distribution using hybrid argument
Is a stream cipher similar to One-Time Pad using hash secure?
Can I calculate $d$ given only RSA’s $c$, $n$ and $e$?
Extra attributes in a certificate signing request
Strange notation using dollar sign
Is solving $m^3 = k*n + c$ hard?
Is this RSA signing and verification process secure?
Avoiding doubled letters in encrypted text
How do I compute CDH given squared-CDH?
What is Group in Diffie-Hellman?
SEAL Homomorphic multiplication
Why is a known-plaintext attack considered a complete break?
What is the logic behind Compress function in iterated hash function
How to design a balanced LFSR with period 1023 and linear span 55?
Can I discard a specific X509 signature from file?
Unique decentralized ID systems
How to distribute system parameters in identity-based encryption
How to choose key from string?
Time efficiency of Bitcoin Multi-signature Vs. threshold signature
Why are asymmetric keys represented as base 64?
How to create reduction functions in rainbow tables?
Problem with LLL reduction on truncated LCG schemes
How does one practically calculate the non-linearity of a multi-output boolean function like the AES s-box?
Mitigating weaknesses in RC4
Computational Randomized Encoding in the hybrid proof
Choosing between RLWE-KEX methods.
PRNG output with truly random noise
Changing plaintext for encryption in RSA
How does Bluetooth pairing (SSP with numeric comparison) work?
How to calculate this binary operation?
Is unusual (non power-of-two) RSA key size more secure?
Easily reversible hash functions as a method of data transmission
In NTRU digital envelope, do everyone know the hash function $H$ used?
Is the security of MAC function is based on HASH function
Randomized functions cannot increase statistical distance
What do they mean when saying that a certain value should be “super-logarithmic”?
Generating passwords using Password-Based Key Derivation Function
Acceptable condition for dictionary search
Replacing signer with simulator
Ed25519 and hierarchical deterministic wallet
Do I really need to use the same private/public key pair in RSA?
Homomorphic Encryption operation for regression
When is AES chosen instead of a stream Cipher (e.g., RC4) during an SSL connection?
How long is the tag T in AES-GCM(Or: Can implementations freely choose t = len(T)?)
Using a single Ed25519 key for encryption and signature
Decomposing an ideal in intersections
Is security against semi honest adversary inheritable?
How secure is encrypting with self-hash
Using the Unix epoch as nonce
Given $g^a, Y$, is it hard to distinguish $e(g,g)^{ab}$ from a random value?
Given $ g^s, g^y , g^r, g^t, g^{st-rs}, g^{(yr+d)/t}$ , is it hard to distinguish $e(g,g)^{syr}$ from a random value?
RSA: revealing the modulus factorization by choosing a bad message
Secure logical AND using Ishai-Sahai-Wagner Scheme
Do I need to prove this?
Independence of answers to queries sent to a random oracle
RAR brute force cracking speed
Is there any functional encryption scheme whose key generation circuit is in NC1?
Is it ever safe to use encryption with compression?
Is there a PRNG algorithm that allows to switch between states directly, not calling next()?
Why is it so hard to make longer hashes?
How would low-precision Gaussian sampling impact the security of BLISS?
Using master password to encrypt and decrypt user credentials
Applying machine learning algorithms to homomorphic encrypted data
Public key decryption mathematical analogy
Do the Syllae algorithm and Malaysian cipher from Rubicon exist?
Does there exist an indistinguishability formal proof obfuscator?
Are there any digital signatures valid for multiple pieces of data?
Proof that a encrypted file has the same content as an (existing) original
where is ANS X9.31 used?
Is order of Correlation Immunity of AES S_box Zero?
What is the structure of a Server Key Exchange Message structure when using a psk identity hint?
Message expansion in NTRU: why is it $\log_p(q)$-to-$1$?
Is there a TLS extension for generating unique IVs for AES GCM?
IND-CCA Security of a encryption scheme which is combination of two schemes
Client side encryption / hashing of "person ID's" with password?
What exactly is a "garbled circuit"?
Proof that LFSR (with XOR feedback and nonzero seed) will never hit state of all 0s
Store and share data on intranet website
The length of the shortest vector in Lattice
Why does FIPS 186-4 seem to have an excessively complex q generation?
Finding Linear Redundancy by counting the number of distinct frequency distributions of absolute walsh transform
Security model scalar multiplication in NaCl
Questions regarding parallel AES CTR with merkle trees
When, where, and how to use HMAC
Message Expansion / Encryption Blowup Factor / Ciphertext Expansion of ECC
How to show that any 2-round key-exchange protocol satisfying a given definition can be converted into a public-key encryption scheme?
Weakly Sublinear Compact FE from Succinct FE and XiO
ElGamal recovering messages
Why k-lists generalized birthday problem when $k=2$ is classical birthday problem?
Algorithms to test vs. generate primes
Random Bytes in TLS Handshake
PRG - understanding the definition
HMAC vs RSA speed
Does having a bunch of plaintext/ciphertext pairs help you break a ciphertext with unknown plaintext?
Compression-Ratio Side Channel
How come “short” (eg 80 bit) MACs are regarded to be safe?
Can we exchange the permutation of a sponge construction?
What should be used as a source for entropy?
Is there a cipher that uses part of the already-computed ciphertext in the encryption scheme?
Has the Linear Congruent Generator ever been used in any of the early crypto algorithms?
Is this a secure PRG or not?
What do we need white box crypto for?
Is there an easy way to calculate "d" in the RSA algorithm?
Small roots of bivariate modular linear equation?
DES 1-bit changes to inputs: why when I change two inputs by only one bit I get predictable results?
Does RC4 continue to be used anywhere?
Attack RSA with PKCSv1.5 padding
Differences between AEAD and ECIES when transmitting secret messages
Why are the shiftrows in AES in a fixed order? Can the order be changed?
Entropy estimation by Linux Kernel when adding entropy from TRNG
What's the definition of the width of a circuit
Why are the mixcolumns in AES in a fixed order? Can the order be changed?
Clarification on Size of an Encryption Key
How do I generate a challenge for elliptic curve signing using NIST standards?
Reverse Fixed Points in Kalyna S-Boxes and Reverse Engineering the S-Boxes
What impact does the quantum compuer has on modern cryptography?
Inverse single element permutations
BB84 - Bits needed to detect Eve's presence
Finding the largest gap between the x coordinates of all points on an elliptic curve
Algorithm or closed form solution that lets me directly compute the $n^{\text{th}}$ state of an LFSR?
How can we prove that the following theorem is valid for almost perfect secrecy?
RotWord in Rijndael's Algorithm
How does RSA decryption works?
Is this block encryption scheme using PCBC for RSA secure?
Using hash functions for Key Check Values (KCV)
Sextic twist over BN elliptic curves
Public key encryption algorithm for short messages
What are the qualities of a good block cipher? Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced, Expert
SHA-2 attempts for a loop
Probability of same input as output in AES 256
How to compute the output length of randomized encoding (or garbling)?
Security of one-time-pad without $\bmod $ operation?
Cryptographic random number on interval $[0,n]$ from bytes
a homomorphic operation on Paillier encryption
Fast encryption for Medical System?
Scalar product of vectors over polynomial rings
Is there any pseudorandom function that outputs $n$ prime number of ring $Z_{N}$ where $N$ is Paillier public key
Hash based code obfuscation?
Are points in Elliptic curve uniformly distributed?
What does it mean for a random number generator to be cryptographically secure?
Relationship between source and output entropy
Is there any way to test how secure is a new cryptosystem?
AES MDS matrix: can we maintain security if we change the arrangement of elements in the matrix?
Definition related to homomorphic encryption
PHP predicting array_rand
Safety of nested hashes
Can NORX32-f be used in a Salsa20 style stream cipher?
Maximum allowable correlation for a random sequence to be useful?
Are coprocessors (Intel Phi) a threat for modern key stretching functions?
What gives SHA-256 its preimage resistance?
SPDZ Implementation
What encryption types are illegal in the U.S.A
Offline Complexity of the garbling scheme
The problem of 'Common DH Primes'
Why the basis is reduced in nearest plane algorithm in solving CVP
What are the advantages of MICKEY over Trivium and Grain?
Digital Dead Drops or guaranteed significant uncertainty of identity over TCP/IP for a large set of users
How to use maps in the Boneh Gentry Waters encryption scheme?
Argon2 output length and parameter storage?
What is the difference between strong/weak alignment?
Memory during crypto computation
How to create a decentralized secret ballot among a small group of people?
Is there a well known way of splitting a piece of information so that the information is only recoverable if all the pieces are together?
How do Hash functions work under the hood?
Homomorphic $\bmod p$ operation
Proving that you have $k$ keys out of $n$ without revealing which keys they are
Equivalent security of KMAC and different HMAC instances?
What are the major differences between theoretical cryptography and applied (practical) cryptography?
Homomorphic encryption or double symmetric encryption?
Cryptanalysis of this one-time pad
Choice of bilinear group for implementation of BLS signature with NIWI proof?
NIST test vectors for RSASSA-PKCS1-V1_5-SIGN with the SHA-256 hash function?
Security implications of repeated hashing
How does RFC 5652 authenticated data confirm origin and data integrity?
AES vs AES-CMAC for session key derivation
Basic Encryption Decryption
Is HMAC prone to birthday attacks?
Is it safe to send HMAC and plaintext in the same message?
How many recursive md5 hashes are needed to always get same string
Tell me like I'm 5: How are algorithms secure if people can see them
Generate 64 bit HMAC
Is it safe to use the same key for different variants of the HMAC-SHA algorithm?
Staying PCI compliant while upgrading encryption
Factoring a semiprime with part of one of its factors
Clarification of Proof: Proving perfect secrecy for One Time Pads
GSW Homomorphic Encryption
Running Crypto on hardware -- e.g., AES in hardware
Why does Neumann think cryptography isn't the solution?
Data switching on one time pad and Data leakage
What is the best practices for storing ed25519 private keys which is used by nodes of my application to communicate with each other?
Is discrete log as hard when given same challenge in both pairing groups, in the case of BN curve and its sextic twist
How to find g in Factoring-Based Trapdoor Hash Function
Unpacking the definition of negligible & non-negligible
Secure multi-party private set intersectio: Protocols supporting MULTI-party VS supporting TWO-party
In differential cryptanalysis for DES, why is F(0...0) assumed to be always 0...0?
How to brute-force keepass2 master password while knowing partially the password
Secure CSPRNG's for cryptographic keys
Does Lamport's authentication scheme still work if the hash function is not collision-resistant?
How does the encryption/decryption process work?
Bit decomposing a polynomial in BGV cryptosystem
How babai nearest plane algorithm solves approximate CVP
Key Handling in Multi Platform Applications
Proof By Reduction
One Encryption, Many Decryption Keys
Multiple passwords per key with any allowing decryption
Noise of ciphertexts in LWE/RLWE based FHE
Which statement is true concerning digital signature?
What if I make the hashing with an own function ? Does it make unhackable?
Will a SHAKE128 stream cipher be vulnerable to related key attacks?
Does EAX require padding to be secure?
Dividing a secret into multiple nodes in a blockchain kind of system with time-release?
Decrypting AES encrypted file
Why not use `<`, `>` or `==` in constant time comparison?
what is the procedure to make my own hash encryption?
Rabin cryptosystem decryption when p=q
Why are hashes padded only at the end of the block?
Are Iphones' content encrypted?
Why is RSA-2048 max input 245 bytes?
Finding public key out of ECDSA certificate
Is it possible to construct a compression function that works exactly as MD5's CF but is much easier to compute?
"open-key model" attacks, why would one be concerned?
What is the hash of this cipher: TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CCM
Mitigating the effects of server-compromise in an end-to-end encrypted system
RSA and Prime numbers distribution law
NTRU Backdoor and New Hope TLS Protocol
Can a Vigenère cipher be solved if the alphabet is modified (custom)?
Diffie-Hellman, random number size
Performance checking of Image Steganography Technique
Is it possible to have multiple RSA private keys?
Thoughts on This Encryption Method, Please?
When a DER format RSA private key is extracted from an encrypted PEM file, is it still encrypted?
Python Code review of AES implementation
Symmetric key pair on app and low power device
Generating DH key with specific bit-length
Ephemeral Encryption Keys
The protocol of provisioning shared key to multiple devices?
Are large polynomials secure for order preserving "hashing"? (newbie question)
Could a collection of data be engineered to encrypt predictably using standard encryption algorithms?
Higher-Order Side Channel Security and Mask Refreshing: linear function?
Why is OpenSSL generated 256-bit AES key 64 characters in length?
Why does this SHA-1 relation hold?
Is this method of string encrypting "uncrackable"?
Choosing between different Gaussian Sampling algorithms?
Why is the Lovász condition used in the LLL algorithm?
How to generate a non periodical, theoretically infinite, sequence of numbers from a secret alphanumeric key
Proportion of RSA moduli factorable by NFS with less effort than average?
Mathematical calculation to determine probability of observing the character space used for a set of string inputs
M-94 disk cipher keyspace
Securely testing the presence of an item in a list without exposing the list
Repeated NONCE in CTR mode
Appropriate length of the challenge string for challenge-response authentication?
WPA/WPA2 Handshake -- Why are Nonces not encrypted?
Same certificate for server authentication and authorizatoin in other system
Could the multisignature scheme in bitcoin alternatively also be implemented by means of a Shamir Secret Sharing Scheme?
What kinds of encryption methods would contain all characters in the key?
Is there an open source with MIT license implementation of a CSPRNG with seeding written in C#?
Can the access policies defined using different access structures (Monotone Span Program and Access Trees) be used together in CP-ABE scheme?
Where do Windows applications get entropy from?
Weakness of Hash_DRBG when entropy is mixed in gradually
Security exists or not in Modification in schnorr signature
cp-abe public key, access structure
How do we compare performance of two encryption algorithms?
Proof of non-knowledge
How measurement error works in PRNG operation?
Somewhat Homomorphic Encryption versus Fully Homomorphic Encryption?
How to safely double-encrypt a secret?
Authentication impossible without pre-shared public key
Is there any encryption method (theoretical) that could process instructions on encrypted code?
What's up with unnamed elliptic curves in e-passports?
TRNG and Stream ciphers
Are attacks on AES more efficient now (due to the new paper published at CHES2016??)
Best way to generate a IV for AES-CBC when encrypting files?
Detection of weak keys for AES-GCM
why is FPGA suited for Cryptography applications?
Oblivious Polynomial Evaluation and Encoding Payload
Sweet32: Can a single 8 byte block session ID be exploited by this vulnerability?
What's the purpose of secret message numbers in CAESAR ciphers?
Can I use a HMAC for Replay Attack protection?
What are the odds of collisions for a hash function with 256-bit output?
Why does SHA-1 rotate the variables A and B?
RSA public key can decrypt the ciphertext it encrypted?
Dimension of secret key vector tensor with itself?
How does a Padding Oracle Attack work in practice?
Why should we consider the output of the AES s-box as a “sensitive value” in relation to side channel attacks?
Multiple users getting access to same (secret) encryption key on a single computer?
Performance comparison between ECDSA and BLS signature schemes?
Knowing SHA256(m) and k, is it possible to calculate HMAC-SHA256(k,m)?
Using only pseudorandom function to drive many deterministic keys
SHA-1 requires utf-8 and reordering of bytes
Authenticate a session initialisation request
Adding a number congruent to $0$ to ensure that the mod operation takes a constant number of instruction cycles
Anonymous Multi-Receiver Identity-Based Authenticated Encryption with CCA Security?
Does this proof sketch show that finding a SHA-1 preimage is NP-hard?
Leaking information when a value is blinded
Working Precision and Time-constant Arithmetic with ECC?
Additive proof of discrete log?
Does exposing algorithm, key size and IV weaken the security?
Finding the probability of a message encrypting to a given ciphertext
Can a Deterministic Signature Algorithm be paired with a Probabilistic Encoding Method?
Can we use a pseudorandom function in both models of a simulation based proof?
Key extraction from Plaintext+CMAC
Problems when using PBKDF2 to create an ECDSA private key from a password?
Does AugPake not require key stretching?
How exactly does plaintext become ciphertext?
Same-length plaintext results in predictable ciphertext. Can a substitution cipher avoid this issue?
Authenticating a message with HMAC vs AES-CBC
Help with terms: hash function and a pseudorandom function
Does passphrase length impact read-write speed?
What's a cryptographic primitive, really?
Is there a signature scheme in which private keys can't be linked to their signatures?
How to compare security between S-Box and Addition in the block ciphers?
Selecting an appropriate key for HMAC
In A5/1 stream cipher, why are the specific bits in each register chosen for the majority rule and for the XORing step?
How effective is Serpent-256 in CTR mode?
Why standard deviation of BLISS is so high?
is it possible to extract a "hint hash" of some kind from another hash?
RSA - twin primes, two modulus
Prevent hash collisions with HMAC secret as IV
Definitions of secrecy
What is a ratchet?
Encrypting 256 bit AES keys with AES ECB?
Why R value in signatures have to be 'calculated' values and not just a random numbers?
Calculating random number in ECDSA based on private key and signature
Bouncycastle and Salsa rounds
Evaluatung Shadowsocks Crypto strength
Determining interval(s) containing the smallest prime $p$ of an RSA modulus?
How can we distribute Shamir's secret sharing scheme shares without a dealer?
Changing the IV of the AES key wrap algorithm
What are recommended, general strategies to start block-cipher design and/or analysis?
Decoding AES with Base64 cyphertext and key
Frequency analysis
server_host_key_algorithms in SSH
Minimalist memory-hard function?
Why do we use encryption modes of operation to convert block ciphers into stream ciphers?
How is it decided if $G_1$ and $G_2$ are two “additive” or “multiplicative” cyclic groups?
Function to derive an integer from a given password
Why a pseudorandom permutation is used in a simulation based proof but pseudorandom function is not?
Encrypt without password, decrypt only with password
Decrypt RSA ciphertext with two middle bits leak
Real world example of non-interactive zero knowledge proofs?
Can encrypting well known files hurt the security of the key?
Does iterative hashing of mouse/keyboard input improve its properties as an entropy source?
Any advantage of multiple salts/keys for single password when using PBKDF for multiple secrets?
What is the difference between "Linkable" and "Traceable" Ring Signatures?
Parameters and key dimension for DH and RSA
How to sign low-entropy messages?
What is the cryptography job market like these days?
Crypto++ and SHA3
RSA: Private key calculated from public key?
Paillier encryption: Many private keys for a public key
If using large keysizes, is McOE-X actually safe?
Why do two Argon hashes with the same password differ?
What does AES round reduce in attacks mean?
Why public host key still need be sent in SSH_MSG_KEX_DH_GEX_REPLY?
What is a cyclic group of prime order q such that the DLP is hard?
How to show that a one-way function proves that P ≠ NP?
Public key encryption and message integrity
What's the proper choice for the block size of a sponge-based hash?
Shamir Secret Sharing GF(p) or GF(2^8)
DES in hardware
Which bitlevel operations must a fully homorphic crypto system support?
What does the Double Ratchet algorithm need the Root Key for?
AES encryption without salt and IV
Why is NON DISCRETE logarithm problem not hard as the DISCRETE logarithm problem (so computationally hard)?
How to construct a hash function into a cyclic group such that its discrete log is intractable?
Secret Sharing and Multiplication Triples
What is KEK and how is used for key sharing?
Why don't homophones hide multiple-letter patterns?
How to calculate time taken by encryption?
What is the definition of Feistel Cipher?
Zero-Knowledge Proof of honest function execution - Is this possible?
If the first key-bit is flipped, which DES s-boxes are affected?
Encrypted key- determining type and properties
Should signature verification work using two different RSA libraries?
HMAC with public-private key
For CFB, if the IV is corrupted, can the system re-synchronise?
Is packing an executable just like encrypting it?
Fortuna PRNG: What is the effect of the block cipher key size?
How to handle entropy and CTR DRBG for TLS on embedded system?
Guidelines for cryptographic key generation
Reason for DES table representation
AES or cryptobox() for authenticated encryption
AES-CBC authentication and password validation
How to calculate the complexity of a meet-in-the-middle attack in terms of the key size k (Use big-O notation)
Why don't parameters generated by dhparams conform to `(2^p) mod (p-1)/2 == 1`?
2DES Meet in the middle attack complexity
How does the sender obtain the receiver's public key?
Using ChaCha20 on very short messages with high packet loss
AES crypto used in SaltStack
Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme - prime security?
Encryption in popular compression file formats - 7zip, RAR, Zip
Does any operating system offer full system encryption, including RAM and SWAP?
Performance of RSA encryption when the public exponent is 3 and 65537
Initialization vector based on data which can be changed by an attacker
Which hash function is used for signatures ssh-rsa and ssh-dss?
What's the difference between DH and DHE?
Can I use 128 bits of entropy and a KDF to make a 256-bit ECC key?
Does the Balloon hashing paper deprecate Argon2?
HMAC-SHA1-128 parameters
Ciphertext manipulation for ciphers with intermediate tags
Message space of substitution cipher
What is the purpose of calculating the N modulus in the encryption phase of asymmetric cryptography?
Double DES meet in the middle attack: number of candidate keys
What does the term "asymptotic security" mean?
What is the difference between =, ←, and := in crypto?
Selecting secret value in certificateless identity-based encryption
Can you compress an elliptic curve private key in half?
Difference between XORing the IV and just pre-pending it to the plaintext before encryption with AES-CBC
why did oaep change from pkcs1 v2.0 and v2.1?
"Homomorphic" one way function for public/private key pairs
Private Information Retrieval and Writing at the same time possible?
Zero-Knowledge proof of inequality
El Gamal signature scheme variant
DES Weak Keys - Double Encryption
Is there a way to inercept encrypted https connections by mimicking a cert authority?
Probabilistic polynomial time algorithms in MAC's
Hash function onto a Schnorr group
Determining strength of a crypto algorithm - clarification with the salsa paper
Finding length of a key for a given vigenere cipher using Index of Coincidence
'-in' is an invalid command.
Usage of "Salt"
Is a Feistel structure based cipher IND-CPA?
How WhatsApp users authenticate themselves in end-to-end encryption?
Relationship between the use of a mask and entropy
Large prime numbers in encryption?
Reduced variants of stream ciphers
Given enough length, which string of symbols will have the greatest entropy?
Padding for blinded messages?
Shared-secret authentication with implicit session keys?
What separator should I use (SHA256)
Permutations coming from RSA
Given alphabetic key and cipher text decrypt the cipher text
DES algorithm exhaustive key search 2^55 instead of 2^56
Method to verify a signed archive's X.509 CoT
How to solve Columnar Transposition Cipher without a key
Is there any tool for text steganography?
Recovering a secret that has been blinded several times
Multiplicative Inverse in AES
HMAC and SHA-1 weakness?
How constant value 0x63 in affine transformation is chosen or generated while AES Substitution Box is formed?
Searchable encryption vs Homomorphic encryption
Plaintext message space in Somewhat Homormorphic Encryption scheme?
Can you help me prove perfect secrecy?
How are the names of cryptographic algorithms (like RSA, AES, SHA-256, Curve25519, etc.) pronounced?
Function with no inverse
Authentication of short message based on 6-digit alphanumeric compare-and-confirm
Parsing of X.509 certificates
Table of Curve Paramters
Periodicity of hash functions
How can the identity $\textbf{Pr}[\textbf{y}=y|\textbf{x}=x] = \sum_{\lbrace K:x=d_K(y)\rbrace}\textbf{Pr}[\textbf{K}=K]$ be verified to hold?
Issue implementing Pollard's Rho for discrete logarithms
Can you type your own keys?
What would be a really secure way to encrypt sensitive data on a web site
From where I should start to study cryptography?
Can I use computational diffie hellman problem in the following scheme?
message with small order in RSA signature
Secure communication protocol for equality test
Authenticated Encryption with smallest Overhead (Input and Output)
Which Fully Homomorphic Encryption schemes are fastest?
What is the purpose of the "Explicit Nonce" in TLS for AES-GCM and AES-CCM?
How to use separate keys for signing and encryption
Birthday attack on AES-CCM with 32-bit Authentication Tag
Synchronized PRNGs?
What's the name of this cipher? And how can it be broken?
Does order matter for RSA when used multiple times?
Easy to implement proof of shuffle
Why/how is libsodium/nacl's cryptobox repudiable?
Encoding vs. Compression vs. Encryption
What if an attacker knows 1 bit of a OTP ciphertext
Is this a novel secret splitting method, or a different view of an existing one?
Key Distribution vs Key Management?
Uniform vs discrete Gaussian sampling in Ring learning with errors
Implementing Secure multi-party computation for online website
Text messaging application - AES with or without message authentication
Key space lower than Message spaces
Can “PrivateKey+MagicValue” decode pre-encoded data without intermediate key?
Security of hash functions over input extended with a random value
If Kerckhoffs's principle is correct why does the NSA not publish their Suite A ciphers?
Encryption scheme with arbitrary length message
Why does the WhatsApp protocol require elaborate computation when verifying user keys?
How to correctly use RSA for digital signature with hashing?
Hash functions and the Avalanche effect
How long should the salt be for PBKDF2?
Message-Recovery variant of Ed25519 signature?
Irreducible polynomial in Ring-LWE
creating PKCS8 private keys with a PBMAC1 hash
Security requirements for EC Diffie Hellman implementation
Entropy Requirements for Encryption
How to create the right Blowfish padding?
Does there exist an agreeable algorithm to substitute XOR function in Shamir's no Key Protocol?
How Should Fortuna and Yarrow Compare When Tested With Dieharder
encryption of digest of unkeyed hash function is susceptible to forgery?
What does the strict avalanche criterion mean?
Pedersen commitments and addition
How do you determine which classical technique was used?
Trying to implement ring-LWE KE to understand the concept
How many KDF rounds for an SSH key?
Padding oracle attack, encrypting your own message
What can be learned from an encrypted text?
Building blocks of SHA-1 and SHA-2
What happens if I remove client certificate from TLS
Is using the same HTTPS cipher suite as Google a good idea?
20 bytes random string hashed with unsalted bcrypt or scrypt?
Use of elapsed execution time as a variable input
Advantages of Elliptic Curve cryptography
AES CBC Initialization vector - Security issues
What are the positive consequences for choosing 8 S-boxes for DES vs 1 S-box for AES?
Advantages of using 64-bit word size over 32-bit word size
On plaintext conversion for DES
Why do the majority of SSL cipher suite used CBC?
Is DL difficult under the group of Unimodular matrices?
How can I verifiably announce a choice without revealing its content?
The relationship between a private and public key?
Is the SHA1 hash of MD5 hash of a password secure?
How can I calculate the avalanche effect in symmetric algorithms?
Comparing the first 50 bits of a hash Vs. the last 50 bits of hash
CBC mode is not IND-CCA2 secure with no prediction of IV
Is there a way to cleanse a picture of information from steghide?
Why does encrypting the Diffie-Hellman value with the other side’s public key prevent man-in-the middle?
Dividing a point by a specific number in elliptic curve
Best way to use a block Cipher as RNG
Testing Kasiski Test and Mutual Index of Coincidence on Vigenere Encryption on Vigenere Encryption?
Usage of parameter "b" of an elliptic curve over GF(p)
Showing the decrypted sum of encrypted values
2048 bit hashing and 1024 bit symmetric encryption
AES128+HMAC-SHA256 but HMAC truncated
Cipher Block Chaining
key size of public key in McEliece
Padding in hash functions
Choosing between simple Hash and HKDF to derive the second key used for MAC
FEAL-4 Linear Cryptanalysis - Prevention
Stream Ciphers -- Need clarification on their benefits in practice
Secret-suffix MD5 as secure PRF (not MAC)
AES-GCM encryption and decryption doubts
Algebraic Attacks against ARX
Counter Mode Known plain text attacks
Random numbers used for ECC Diffie-Hellman
Is it necessary to worry about timing attacks when comparing SHA256 or Argon2 hashes?
Computational Cost of bilinear maps
What is the difference between honest verifier zero knowledge and zero knowledge?
Special case of 3DES
How can I break this block-cipher?
Kocher Timing Attack - Error Correction
is it possible to generate IV for a given block with AES GCM
AES ECB one more experiment
Cracking lowest plaintext bit in Padding oracle attack with PKCS#5
Why is a CSR signed and which key is used for signing?
Why would someone want a 20ns block encryption completion on a 1us bus?
How is key length of feistel cipher calculated?
When we encrypt-then-MAC, how do we defend the 2 parts?
How WPA2-PSK encryption works?
Are two outputs of a PRF computationally indistinguishable when using two different keys?
Very simple and minimal replay prevention scheme
Security Strength of BigInteger vs elliptic curve parameter value
Can error be bigger - as in uniformly random? (Learning with Error)
Relaxing Semi-Honest Security in Multiparty Computation
SPDZ for the 2-party case
How would you find the Blinding factor R in RSA blind signature algorithm?
How we can create a protocol using Schnorr as identification scheme and a hash function as a puzzle?
Whether hash function of two values $h(a,b)=h(b,a)$ are same?
Is there a general way to crack this graph cipher?
Are two outputs of a PRF computationally indistinguishable when the keys are somehow related?
DUKPT PIN decryption
How to find irreducible polynomial for Barreto-Naehrig curves?
Vigenère cipher with sha512 and a little foresight turns to one-time pad. How safe can be?
Padding in Keccak SHA3 hashing algorithm
can we use two different hash functions in single hmac?
What is cube attack and trivium cypher?
Using multiple iterations of Argon2i
GoofyCoin question -- why pk, why not sk?
What is the correct test/s to do in asymmetric algorithms to test their security?
ElGamal malleability for a given function f(m)
o(1) in time complexity of number field sieve
What is the use of key iterations?
How to implement access control for Automotive Embedded Systems using mbedTLS?
Schnorr's signature scheme with addition of modulus secure?
How secure is Salsa20?
Hill-Chiffre - How can I find the Matrix $X$
Seeking clarification of OTP & MAC discussion
how to use AES block cypher when there are only 47 byte space?
Is gfcombinefs - a filesystem for n-of-m Shamir secret sharing - fundamentally read-only?
How to decode a Playfair message with a partial key?
how does a time-memory trade off attack work?
SNFS: Quantifying the "small" parameters?
BLS signature choice of generator
Is AES key and cipher distance measurable? Could this be translated into a cost function?
PKCS12 key derivation
Digital signing and encrypting e-mail
Tampering with Contents Before MAC
For Diffie-Hellman key exchange method, what are examples of very poor a and b values?
Why are asymmetric cryptography keys more vulnerable to brute force attack than symmetric ones?
How to effectively apply combination of Block and Stream Cipher?
How any attack on a cipher carried out? Are these practical or only theoretical?
How to reduce factorization into Independent Set Problem?
Multiplication vs exponentiation in pairing based cryptography
What is CCM -- Counter Mode Cipher Block Chaining Message Authentication Code Protocol
How to calculate key size for Diffie-Hellman key exchange?
How can I match each encrypted message with the public key used to encrypt them for a common encryption attack RSA
What is the exact meaning of revocationWarning and revocationNotification in RFC 3161?
Why is elliptic curve parameter $a=-3$ somehow special
Correlation among Psuedo Random Sequences generated from seeds which are correlated
Is there any use for PBKDF with empty password?
Number of combinations required to brute force
size of group points and parameters in pairing based cryptography
Understanding the signature and hashing algorithms in TLS connection debug output
General idea for storing public/private keys?
Is there a cryptographic primitive for computing sums without revealing the summands?
TypeA pairing, elliptic curves in pairing based cryptography
Showing that perfect secrecy implies adversarial indistinguishability
Is the concatenation of PRG output still a PRG?
Any case that can require to encrypt a certificate revocation list before distribution
Why is a bit biased when generated from random $v \in Z_q$ for odd q?
Is there any digital watermark technology for raw text?
Is it feasable to combine ECB and CTR block modes of operation?
One Time Password generation algorithm to ensure data/transaction integrity?
Find the generators of multiplicative group of units efficiently?
What is the difference between OTR and Signal protocols?
HMAC for provable server distributed randomness
What are the security risk in making a passphrase-encrypted private key public?
estimating entropy of password
Why is does the protocol of Ding et al. produce biased bits and does it relate to passive security?
Database and End to End encryption
How are Zhang-Safavi-Susilo signatures short?
Difference between computational complexities in General Number Field Sieve
Is it better to maximize memory usage or number of passes with Argon2i 1.3?
How does AES introduce confusion and diffusion?
Using MITM to attack three keys 3-DES encryption?
Are block ciphers more prone to implementation flaws?
How to convert a set of sequential integers into a set of unique random numbers?
Comparing two encrypted numbers using El Gamal without using decryption
What are the memory requirements for this type of search if the hash function has an output length n bits?
Computationaly efficient distinguisher for a PRP generator
Low exponent attack on RSA public key
Shortest Path for Certificate Network
Diffusion in a block cipher?
Secure instant messaging protocol and implementation for an anonymous end-to-end chat?
Automorphism in Cryptography
How is the order of a point calculated for elliptic curves over GF(p)
How Elliptic Curve equation is chosen?
Minimum plaintext length for AES-GCM
Significance of IV in Merkle-Damgård construction
RSA: Probalistic algorithm to compute $x$ from $y$ and $(n,e)$ with probability $\epsilon>0$ given set of weak ciphertexts?
A Modernized Enigma?
Is there an encryption scheme that provides $Pr\{M_1 = m_1\wedge M_2 = m_2 | C_1 = c_1 \wedge C_2 = c_2\} = Pr\{M_1 = m_1 \wedge M_2 = m_2\}$
Are there example certificates available for test purposes?
Average time for a brute force attack given 200 try per second
How to perform the modular reduce of Rijndael's finite field
cracking any know algorythm
Why we need to use a modulus in public cryptography?
What is complexity leveraging
Key derivation functions (KDF): What are? Main purposes? How can they be used?
Encrypted file and decrypted hash
In practice, how many algorithms depend on the totient function?
Is there an algorithm to derive a 1-of-N shared secret from a set of N private keys?
Non malleable Encryption scheme
What if using a block cipher as compression function in Merkle–Damgård?
Advantages of RSA / EC against QC attacks
Security of Homomorphic encryption schemes
What does (block cipher) decryption parallelizable mean?
Why are stream ciphers not PRPs?
Dangers of using AES CTR without authentication - can you recover the plain text?
Is the 'Padding Oracle attack' deterministic?
How is the PKCS #10 signature generated?
AES standard C library implementation
The Salsa20 core preserves diagonal shifts?
Can universal hashing functions be (ab)used as stream ciphers?
Short Weierstrass equation is non-singular for not 2 or 3 characteristic
Does shift cipher with non-uniform plain text probability have perfect secrecy?
Trying to implement the algorithm in Wikipedia regarding key exchange
Determining the encryption method
Want to generate numeric coupon codes?
Proving that Perfect Secrecy implies Adversarial Indistinguishability wrt. probabilistic adversaries
How to generate sha 256 hash using https url
Skein Hash padding
Homomorphic Obfuscation vs Fully Homomorphic Encryption?
What is the algorithm used to encrypt Linux passwords?
1 out of n oblivious transfer
Why is RSA easily cracked if N is prime?
CP-ABE Key generation random parameters
Can you hash an ssh key to generate a symmetric password?
substitution-permutation network construction
Does perfect forward secrecy (using DH or ECDH) imply quantum resistance?
Which is the correct duration of an AES execution?
Replay attack prevention in connectionless UDP encrypted communication
How is the strength of password evaluated?
JWT Common Practices
Is there a formal language to define a cryptographic protocol?
how to calculate surge of cpu cycles consumption of an ipsec tunnel with aes256/sha512/dhgroup21?
Why does the update algorithm of HMAC_DRBG use two rounds?
Number of possible functions for a PRP
For the symmetric-key encryption algorithm, is it possible to use the exponent and modulo to be the keys
Garbled Circuit
Question about ElGamal Encryption
Can or can not D-Wave's quantum computers use Shor's and Grover's Algorithm to find encryption keys? Why?
Why is cryptographic model not considered formal methods?
How to measure the complexity of the discrete logarithm problem?
Encrypting structured data (text) with RSA
What does a "real" quantum computer need for cryptanalysis and/or cryptographic attack purposes?
Desirable Property of Block Sub-Keys
NIST random test suite choosing bitstream length and count
Finding exponent $e$ in RSA given modulus and a plaintext/ciphertext pair
How does mutlivariate crypto schemes work?
What is p.p.t simulator?
Constructing scheme for indistinguishability test with variable length messages
How can we verify if a function is indeed a one way function?
Question on the remote coin flipping problem
Would this authentication on a Diffie-Hellmann-key-exchanged channel work?
Breaking effort on both Weak and Strong collision resistance hash values
What is the projective space?
About converting Leveled FHE to Pure FHE and the Circular Security Assumption
Why do cryptographers need loads of true random numbers?
Key Prefix KDF with Counter
Prove if it is a CCA secure Commitment
Prove that you have $K$ bytes of memory
What is the difference between KDFs for key derivation vs password stretching?
Fill-and-question as a proof of space
anything obviously wrong with my custom password hash scheme?
Calculating the Min Entropy of a string of bits
DH Key Exchange
Set membership check between untrusted parties
Would this be considered secure?
What kind of hash is this?
How does the DH algorithm deal with enormous powers?
Bundling hash into the initialization vector?
Probability of Fermat test going wrong
Hardness of elliptic curve discrete logarithm problem?
Computing only one byte of a cryptographically secure hash function
Why is it claimed that ElGamal is worse than RSA?
semantic security of RSA variant
Hash decryption (MD5?)
Better than diceware? And sha512 related question
ECDHE generates a key pair?
Can we (with just paper and math) find the prime number "p" of an RSA key?
Minimum Nonlinearity of boolean function
Can DH shared secret provide integrity?
Increased AES key lengths vs keyphrase entropy
Crack stream cipher
HMAC-SHA256 for hashing of credit card PANs?
What are the typical input lengths for KDFs?
Why is this hash function (based on a block cipher) insecure?
WAV file steganography
Collision in SHA-1 first 8 bytes
Generation of random data for EME-OAEP
Isomorphic curve vs isomorphic curve group
CCA-2 key recovery attack to an homomorphic scheme?
If IV is sent/shared with the cipher text then where is the need to randomise the IV?
Constructing Bent functions of 8 variables
Time gap between Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange and ElGamal encryption?
Clarification of Decoding in Ring-LWE
Key-Bijective Secure Symmetric Encryption Methods
Why are the factors p and q (for n) secret in Fiat-Shamir Authentication?
When was the RSA 64-bit key introduced into internet encryption?
Is there an upper limit to plaintext size in XSalsa20Poly1305?
How does Kerckhoffs's principle apply to Adversarial Neural Cryptography?
Are block ciphers vulnerable to “key reuse” and/or “bit-flipping” attacks?
How many p and q pairs are there in a 1024 bit modulus?
Difference between somewhat homomorphic encryption and leveled homomorphic encryption?
Diffie-Hellman key exchange using addition instead of multiplication?
Finding a Caesar cipher key given encrypted message and part of decrypted message?
What is Universal Circuit $U_{e}$
How to measure Cycles per Byte of an Algorithm?
Can you help me understand indistinguishably as described in the CPA security definition?
Truncated 60 bit SHA1 collision detection?
How Can I decrypt this VNC Authentication handshake?
Can big numbers multiplication be a valid form of encryption?
Break RSA when modulus is of the form $N = pq$ with $|q^2 - p|$ small
Discrete logarithm problem in subgroup of index 2. ElGamal
Number of terms in Balanced boolean functions?
Need Help with understanding authentication process
Pseudorandom function or not?
Using SHA512 (or other hash) for message authentication
Is every pseudorandom generator a one way function?
To which game-based security definition is Perfect Secrecy equivalent?
Is 2 a safe generator for elgamal encryption
Can authenticated encryption reduce bandwidth overhead of per-packet encryption?
Key Generation for TOTP in TLS
Will compression help defeat single letter frequency attack against a mono alphabetic substitution cipher?
Breaking ElGammal encryption of two different mesagges
How can I edit or build an app to encrypt data, and build a decryption key?
Combining Hellman Pohlig with Sieve
What advantage is there for using a nonce and a timestamp?
Chosen Plaintext Attack on DES/AES
Can a number be encrypted, added to other numbers, and then the sum decrypted?
How do you prove that if f(x) and g(x) are negligible, then f(x)/g(x) is not?
Crypto that takes n days to solve depending on how many bytes are missing?
Pseudorandom function of different keys
Side-channel attacks for ARM conditional instructions
Evaluate similarity between two "encrypted" time series
Elliptic Curve-based Diffie Hellman: How is the shared key (mnp) calculated?
Can AES-NI be used to accelerate asymmetric encryption?
Why don't we have 256-bit security level digital signature schemes (in common use)?
Zero Proof Knowledge for data set information
Does using pseudorandom generator more than once cause security loss?
Preventing attack in RSA modified version
Can I prove that a message is part of a set of known messages without disclosing the message?
What is the Advantages and Disadvantages of digital signatures over HMAC?
Link and end-to-end encryption
Why not authenticate full-disk encryption?
Free software for randomness test
Pohlig-Hellman and Shanks algorithm on ECC
Probability that n is prime such that n fails the Miller-Rabin test N times
What's wrong with RSA and OpenSSL?
How to break AES CBC PADDING with chosen ciphertext attack
XXTEA rounds count
Difference between RFC-5869 (HKDF) and SP800-108 (Nist's HMAC-based KDF spec)?
Is public-key cryptography the correct choice?
Diffie-Hellman protocol: Clarifications
Mathematically/Theoretically calculating time to brute-force RSA encryption keys for a quantum computer vs a Classical computer?
Brute-force breakability in practice determined by recognizability of plaintext?
PKCS1 signing not recommended?
Differential trails in FEAL-8
How does GCM/GMAC work?
Where is the SSH RSA modulus actually sent?
Can I construct a PRP by sorting results of a PRF?
Reducing the output of AES MixColumns to one byte per entry
Parameter $f(x)$ in binary ECDH exchange protocol
Test vectors for Piccolo algorithm?
What's the reason why CBC-MAC shouldn't use IV or random IV?
Given a PRF $F$ , is $G(s) = F_s(1)\|F_s(2)\|\cdots \|F_s(n+1)$ a PRG?
How are the functions used in cryptographic hash functions chosen?
Cryptography - Perfect secrecy => adversarial indistinguishability - proof
Indistinguishable encryptions in the presence of an eavesdropper
How can I find or reverse engineer the whitening in an AES algorithm?
In RSA $(e,n)$, $(d,p,q)$, why does it work even if plaintext $M$ is not coprime with $n$?
Computational Assumption For the extended discrete logarithm
Can you build a One Way function from a Collision Resistant Function Family?
how to prove by reduction correctly?
Multiplication gate in BGW in semi-honest adversary
Why is on-chip data considered to be secure in secure processor setting?
Complete Set of Test-Vectors for ECDSA secp256k1
What is FIPS 140-2 for?
Probability for Vigenere cipher given distribution of key lengths
What are the best practice, and standard tools for blinding algorithms?
How difficult is it to practically detect a forgery in a cryptosystem?
Is there an encryption method where the order of decryption is irrelevant to the order of encryption?
Distributed key generation + signature scheme?
Are there methods for finding not optimal but good linear approximations for functions?
Is openssl library safe threaded?
Hierarchical access control using CP-ABE
What's the industry standard for verifying phone number ownership?
How is the re-encryption done in Path ORAM?
Simplified universal composability (SUC): can I model the use of encryption? Can I prove fairness?
Index calculus over elliptic curve over function field
Use Initializaiton Vector as Additional Authenticated Data
Given a ciphertext in RSA which is not comprime with our N, can we get the secret key?
Is it possible to break AES-128 ECB if you are given a ciphertext and a small portion of the key?
Three-party protocol for multiplication with output privacy
Can Whirlpool take advantage of AES-NI?
Floyd's cycle finding algorithm on SHA256
Proof by reduction clarification
Isn't AES-NI useless because now the key length need to be longer?
Can a block cipher be used to encrypt wireless communications?
SPDZ- How to do secure less-than comparison
Discrete logarithm key sizes for very short term usage
Why Camellia has 4 Sbox
Side Channel Attacks
Why is only one generator stated in literature for elliptic curve group P-256?
Why must an elliptic curve group for ECC have prime order?
MD5 proving collision for the famous hexadecimal blocks
Security of Keccak/SHA3 against birthday attacks
Is the additive discrete Logarithm problem always easy in Fields?
WEP: Why is the challenge string randomized?
Is This method of generating Initialisation Vector for Cipher Block Chaining secure?
Perfect Secrecy and Message distributions
Negative negligible functions
What does "congruent to 448, modulo 512" mean for padding in MD5 hash function?
Birthday Attack with probability of 1
Is deriving the IV from the password secure?
If $P \neq NP$ why doesn't this prove the existence of OWF?
Why should keys be hidden from an eavesdropper for a pseudorandom function?
Using rainbow tables to find encryption keys of block ciphers?
Does hashing require non-linearity?
Can you help me understand Format Preserving Encryption?
How to make sense of the decryption formula for Affine ciphers?
What is straight line black box reduction?
Why are cryptographic methods not vulnerable to randomized factoring algorithms?
Generating dataset for LFSR stream cipher
Point at infinity for Jacobian coordinates
How to securely compute AES where the key is splitted across different servers?
AES cryptography keys
Is there any benefit from using SHA-512 over SHA-256 when AES just truncates it anyway?
why can't use only one way function to construct a PRG, and don't use the hard core predicate?
Camellia Sbox - Linear Approximation Probability
Possible to decrypt every fragment of an ecrypted file on its own?
Given a secret - how does one generate a reproducible private key from it?
Finding two primes that satisfy the conditions
Textbook RSA Attacks
Generating Diffie-Hellman parameters
How to generate the SHA-2 constants?
Is the Caesar cipher really a cipher?
Improving the security of this tag
Trying multiple private keys against a pcap
SPDZ- How to do secure equality comparison
How to do a modular exponentiation?
R-LWE key exchange why using FFT instead of Karatsuba
Break AES-CFB mode having access to a AES-CTR black box
How the degree reduction in BGW protocol works?
Lower bound for the size of prime factors?
Integrity with anti-confidentiality
Implementing symmetric encryption algorithms with whole words
Incorrect Test Vectors for AES' MixColumns?
What does this protocol mean?
Question on MAC Forgery
What is meant by a 'tag' with regards to transmitting a MAC?
Primality test in GPG/RSA or extract numbers of private key
Diffie-Hellman "handshake" vs RSA "handshake"
Appending hexadecimal string for MD5 algorithm
What can I do if I get private key of signing algorithm in Digital signiture
Are hash functions "intentionally" designed to be efficient?
backward-compatible triple encryption
using hash function of (key||plaintext) instead of random value for IV
Why is a non-existence proof for ECC discrete log extremely unlikely?
security of design for sending files
Why isn't ElGamal a symmetric-key scheme?
How to prove that a perfectly secure cryptographic protocol is not possible in a given scenario?
Why does appending a message to a key before hashing not guarantee integrity?
Why don't I see the IV in the FINISHED fragment in TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA communication with OpenSSL?
Can a QR code be scanned if split using visual cryptography?
RSA - factorizing $N$ to get $p$ and $q$
When to use /dev/random over /dev/urandom in Linux
AES-GCM recommended IV size: Why 12 bytes?
Why is a HMAC using a 32bit tag not prone to birthday attacks?
What are the costs of generating master key for symmetric ciphers?
Why use symmetric encryption in a protocol like UPORT?
Number of pairs needed to attack Double DES?
Zero-knowledge signature verification
Speeding up the Denning-Sacco protocol?
Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange in $GF(2^5)$
How can Cleve's 1/r lower bound on the bias of coin-flipping protocols hold if parties can output random bits?
How to compute the storage cost of encrypted data
Is this DH variant a workable zero knowledge proof?
Having access to multiple servers, would additional usage of “Secret Sharing” for password storage enhance security?
Signing many small messages with minimal overhead
Are there order-insensitive, constant-space MAC constructions?
What are the ways to generate Beaver triples for multiplication gate?
Understanding hybrid arguments in detail
How long would it take on average to perform a timing attack on HMAC over brute forcing a 32bit tag if the hash is good?
Is there a difference between private key cryptography and symmetric encryption?
How could I make a MAC two time secure?
Forge CBC-MAC by creating new message, giving the MAC of two messages
Use R-CTR (randomized counter mode) to compute MAC
Using a block cipher with timestamp instead of counter
What is the importance of $f_k$ in a feistel network being a permutation
Preimage and second preimage resistance for this instance
Is there any concrete working example for Function Field Sieve method?
Question about Modular Arithmetic
Is timing analysis attack the same as cache timing attack?
Generating multiple keys based on same password
Why use an RSA public key exponent of form $2^n+1$ instead of $2^n-1$?
As a cryptographic primitive, what does a nonce provide?
Tricking the Schnorr's protocol
Timing attack and good coding practices
Visualization of Elliptic Point Addition
Linear Approximation and Linear Probability of Camellia Sbox
Why was there a need to create CP-ABE when KP-ABE already exist?
Theoretical Hashing Question
Weird size of data transmitted in SSLv3
Explain the mathematical definition of a cryptosystem using words
Easy example of commit scheme not binding
Number of words to be outputted from PBKDF2 based on HMAC-SHA512?
When using AES-CBC-128, what attacks become feasible as you decrease the entropy of the IV?
Maximum output of HKDF
New quantum attack on lattices (or Shor strikes again)?
Equivalence of Secret IV and Secret Prefix MAC
How to formalize a partial preimage task?
Does using crypto_stream_xor allow listeners to forge crypto_secretbox messages?
Cryptsetup | Given Enough Passphrase Entropy, Is It Necessary To Use a High Iteration Count?
Encryption of large files RSA
Can the statistical width of the avalanche effect be calculated?
Unknown Encryption Method
Understanding modulus math for RSA
what does "export grade" cryptography mean? and how this related to Logjam attack?
Handling key invalidation
TLS handshake proof of private key posession
Is it possible to obtain AES-128 key from a known ciphertext-plaintext-iv tuple used the encrypt the plaintext?
Analytically finding magic constant in reversible hash function
What are the characteristics of a quantum secure protocol?
Secret IV MAC with weak hash function
Intuition for Schnorr Blind Signatures
Is using Euler's Totient/phi in Tonelli-Shanks (used to recover EC coordinate) safe?
Blind signatures security
What's the purpose of key-rotation?
How does Fialka manage to have a letter encipher unto itself?
One time pad XOR question?
Linear feedback shift register combination, secure?
Generic hardcore predicate for one way functions
Ciphertext compression (Ring-LWE encryption and authentication system) after encryption?
Storing passphrase and encrypted private key
Correct use of Fisher-Yates for subsequent selections
OMAC 0 in EAX cipher
Akamai's Legacy SSL/TLS Cipher Profiles
LSB of the Exponent in the DL Problem Can Be Efficiently Computed for Groups of Even Order
Why can't the commitment schemes have both information theoretic hiding and binding properties?
Incorrect solution for Discrete Log Problem when using the Index Calculus algorithm
MD5 Algorithm Constant
Prove that decryption in LWE based PK cryptosystem works correctly except with negligible probability
Have any SHA-1 collisions happened?
RSA Private Exponent
Effective key length in DESX variant
Hash Function - Pre-image resistance and Strong collision Resistance
Valid to hash bytes using XOR shift?
Where x509 signature validation is concerned, what does the error "x509 certificate chain incomplete of leaf TP not found" mean?
Question about proof of pseudo-random random generators being one way functions
Pre-image attack on MD5 hash
How to modify the Socialist Millionaire Protocol to be symmetric.
What is insecure about this simple AES implementation?
BLOCK SIZE in CBC and GCM
How to find the encoding of an RSA public key?
Security proof. Adversary source of random coins.
Authentication on top of Bluetooth JUSTWORKS encrypted channel
how many blocks are encrypted at a time in DES Algorithm?
Certificate revocation
Value of new symmetric key algorithm
Forgery attack for Merkle–Damgård MAC scheme with prefix method
Digital cash and blind signiture: coherence between signature and serial number
Entropy measurement from shuffled cards
Create a bijective and invertible table that are depending on the cipher key
Pseudo code for CTR mode encryption
Elliptic curve with non-prime generator?
Use of IV in cipher
Difference between secure function evaluation and private function evaluation?
Use Cases of Otway Rees key exchange protocol
ABE Cryptography - Send user private key
SHA256 digest space
What is the G function of FIPS-186-2?
Why are cube and square roots of primes used as SHA constants?
How far into the future is AES considered secure?
How secret key is sent in cipher-texts?
DDH Assumption Not Holding
number of blocks, and size of padding at 64bit
Digital Signing algorithm for a fixed set of private and public keys in broadcasting like system?
Explanation of the term "view" for algorithm or adversary
Is flipping the bit belonging to encryption?
How to determine proportion of quadratic residues in elliptic curve group?
Why bcrypt is one-way while Blowfish is reversible?
Why does the authenticated cipher CCM encrypt the MAC too?
How does the GCM encryption limit affect TLS connections?
Why does entropy halve during its extraction?
Proof that any key exchange protocol is vulnerable to MitM attacks in the absence of shared information or trust
What type of cipher or encryption method is this called?
Very simple, very memory-hard (?) password-based key derivation
How can AES-256-CTR be used to construct a CSPRNG?
Verification of Certificates in a Chain
CBC-MAC insecure with random IV
Why is Shamir Secret Sharing not secure against active adversaries out-of-the-box?
Exact communication of the IPS compiler?
How to produce a message digest?
Quadratic sieve for DLOG performance - theory vs actual?
How do you represent a compressed point on an elliptical curve over F2m?
Implementing Inferno's ECIES: Creating a symmetric key from sender's public key
Zero knowledge proof for sign of message value
What inputs can SHA 256 take?
DES Subkeys in one box?
Hash ElGamal CCA approach
What is meant by a "short" vector in cryptography?
Why does xor-ing a second key into the plaintext of a blockcipher not improve security?
Is my high school cryptography/steganography science fair project practical?
SHA-256 Hashing problem from binary values
Why do the boolean functions used in cryptographic hashfunctions have 3 inputs (and not more)?
What does the encrypt function from Stanford JS Crypto Library do?
Unsafe prime in DH key exchange
Communication Complexity of Equality comparison (Catrina and de Hoogh)
How are messages larger than 512 bits padded in SHA-256?
Is it OK to embed mac key in cipher
Using a Caesar Cipher with a key higher than 26?
Oblivious Transfer in E-Voting
Authentication and encryption of messages
Elliptic Curve Cryptography calculation of $y^2 \equiv x^3 + x + 1 \pmod{23}$
One way function built from AES?
Correctness of RSA variation using CRT to decrypt?
MAC where key is provided afterwards
Help understanding NIST HMAC
ElGamal CPA secure
Is $H(k \operatorname\| H(k \operatorname\| m))$​ with double length $k$ like NMAC?
Hash algorithm for converting n-bit number into another n-bit number
PKPA to Supercede TLS/AES etc?
How calculation over $GF(2^2)$ is executed?
What is the maximum size of the plaintext message for RSA OAEP?
Process of Developing Encryption Software for "client"
Can you help me understand this toy example of ECDSA signing and verification?
What is 'order' in More Modular Exponential (MODP) Diffie-Hellman groups?
Properties provided by GCM
Useful additional data to employ in GCM
Is including the key as AAD actually dangerous?
Split encryption into two steps
IZK versus NIZK
Derive a shared secret between different curves
Derive a key from a password and another key?
Why is one scheme “hiding” while the other one is OK?
ECDSA pubkey recovery issue
multi-stage cryptographic computations
Computational Diffie-Hellman problem
Dice rolls as entropy source?
Alternative for RFC 6238/4226 - one time password via SMS (single-factor authentication)
Use HMAC or encryption for deep links?
Why did FIPS become the AES Standard . What is wrong with Twofish and Serpent?
How to find $r$ for El-Gamal signature with known private key
How to securely combine multiple sources of entropy?
Generating two secret keys from a physical analog signal: Crypto HASH analogous to time varying signal
Maximum secret key length from a time series shared signal
What's the difference between RSA and Diffie-Hellman?
Polynomial restriction for PRG
Key shortening for hmac sha256
Why did Rijndael become AES; what is wrong with Twofish and Serpent?
Elliptic curve scalar point multiplication
AES for 64 bit plaintext
HMAC - What does "in transit" mean
Calculating CP-ABE random secret $s$ initialized by the data owner
RSA signature signing
Does SHA-512 leak info about SHA-256?
RSA signature send signature with encrypted message?
Factorization algorithm
Decrypt simple CBC message with known IV using XOR encryption
Guess 100 bits of md5 hash
DH Key Exchange Protocol (one-out-of two)
Find the initial state of LFSR with n non-consecutive output bits
New AES/CBC Hack
Baby step and giant step?
Why does second pre-image resistance imply pre-image resistance?
Finding greatest integer m satisfying modular relation
Is there a hash function whose security can be extended by length?
Is it true that Serpent and twofish are much stronger than AES ?
How are hash functions analyzed in an open competition?
Is it safe to operate over the prime sub-group of Curve25519?
Special equivalent key in symmetric encryption
For the theoretic scenario of a brute force attack, how would you know if you succeeded?
How does the I2OSP primitive in RSA work?
How secure is a blind signature?
Are the metadata encrypted by PGP?
DH Key exchange attack: bad choice of g
how many blocks are encrypted at a time in DES Algorithm?
Data decrypted, but unwanted characters in the beginning
Why is it not possible to increase the size of RSA keys indefinitely?
Can someone clarify two things about the HKDF by Krawczyk?
Should I use “modes of operation” for a single block of data?
Is the statement true in the context of AES-256 encrypted data stored on a hacked server?
How many unique elements are generated by the equation in DSA for r?
How to provide integrity even though using Authenticated Encryption?
Hard discrete logarithm problem
Number of PBKDF2 iterations for modern computing devices
Secondary hash function utility, regarding data destruction?
Embedding a secret private key in a homomorphic encryption system
CSPRNG output as stream cipher
I want to know difference of calculation cost between SHA(hash) and AES(reversible encryption)
First contact when using Public-key cryptography?
How to properly AES encrypt a string, deriving the key from the same string?
What is the (classical) algorithm of choice for finding discrete logarithms in composite-moduli groups?
AES-256 example code encrypting multiple subsections of plaintext with the same initialization vector
Build a scheme that is CCA secure but not authenticated
On keyword for generators of composite moduli
Can zk-snark proof generation be parallelised across multiple parties in a trustless manner
Usage difference between x86 RDRAND and RDSEED
Plain text as numbers
What are the information signed by a Certification Authority?
Can I use MAC as CTR mode nonce, if my messages are non-repeating?
Security aspects of a splitted Pohlig-Hellman system
How is session key generated for TLS?
Can you help me understand Bernstein’s Notes on Diagonal constant of Salsa20?
MacOS doesn't support PRNG reseeding?
How can I attack a Triple-Block cipher with 2 keys (like 3DES) with a cost of ≤ 2⁵⁶
How does the receiver compute the private key when using RSA?
Finding the cycle set of specific polynomial
Is this symmetric key MAC-then-encrypt auth token methodology secure?
Origin of the SHA-224 initial hash value?
More Knowledge Integer Factorization
Where are the DH parameters in a Server Exchange Message?
Is the RC4 KSA the same as an extractor?
PBKDF2 output size vs internal hashing algorithm
In Diffie-Hellman, can everything be sent in plaintext?
AES MixColumns what do I xor with
AES in Counter mode for 64 bit input
Which password generation method could provide better security?
Secret key out of sha-512
Is it possible to decrypt the 2nd byte of AES-256-CFB-8 ciphertext without decrypting the 1st byte?
Order of target group in bilinear pairing
How to choose the size of the IV in AES-GCM?
GCM padding or not?
Dropbox Password security
Role of xor in ARX construction
Can I use a GnuPG created key for OpenSSH or authentication purposes?
Using checksum instead of hash for authenticating ciphers
Require x of y possible passwords to decrypt
What is the difference between regular and "twisted" ECC curves?
Does using a snapshot of running PID on Linux provide enough entropy?
What is the probability of the first half of a hash output being identical to the first half of another hash output?
Taking the modulus of a hash code
Why does running AES more than one time guard against cracking?
Warding an ECIES setup against MitM: ECDSA?
SHA-3 Indexing Clarification for Theta() C[x,z]
What is the current hardest encryption in the world(2017)
PowMod in single step
Bleichenbacher attack, binary search, formula for $s_i$
Is battery usage an important parameter for mobile based key exchange protocol?
What encryption should I use: Blowfish, Twofish, or Threefish?
Is it safe to encrypt a part of the message with RSA and the rest with AES?
Strict Avalanche Criterion and Avalanche criterion?
Can we associate HMAC signed messages with each other?
Schnorr protocol: how does malicious verifier win?
In R-LWE, is there any advantage to generate secret from normal distribution instead of uniform distribution
Why we need pixel data encryption (perceptual encryption), not the complete file encryption (conventional encryption)?
easy definition of pseudorandomness
Why doesn't Wang's attack work on SHA-1?
What are methods of hash classification by finding patterns?
Can a PGP subordinate key be used as a web of trust signing key?
KDF vs Stream Cipher
Decryption and Hashing in random order of a file
Can I use PBKDF2 as a stream cipher?
How to sign different messages using deterministic ECDSA?
When a client connects to a SSL/TLS encrypted server it hashes the certificate, right?
Certificate Authority RSA key expiration?
RSA factorization challenge
Implement Twofish cipher with 16-bit blocksize?
Order of target group in pairing
Is it possible to decrypt a ciphertext with a different private key?
How do people know decryption is successful?
Is password-based AES encryption secure at all?
preferred method for generating k for DSA / ECDSA
Plaintext formation for checking avalanche effect
Risk of appending secret salt to plaintext prior to RSA encryption?
Sign + ETM in ECIES
Are there any other applications of machine learning to cryptography?
complexity of iterative squaring in relation to factorization
Would $\mathrm{LLL}$ give us a hint to solve $\mathrm{SIS}$ problem?
Signing operation with public key in bitcoin protocol (video lecture)
Why are side channel attacks such as SPA/DPA/ CPA based on the AES SubBytes routine?
Zero Knowledge vs. Digital Signature
How do you make Fermat's primality test go fast?
What requirements would lead to the development of a new security protocol?
Prove that (m1 ⊕ m2) = ek(m1) ⊕ ek(m2) for a 8-bit blocks i/p encryption system
Period, correlation and auto-correlation of non-linear feedback shift registers based sequences
Random unique key per message, safe to use key as IV?
SHA3 256 bit encryption
ECB vs. CBC, I've seen the pictures, but what's the actual strength difference?
Using simulation proofs
How to recover small messages from textbook RSA?
disadvantages of combination stream and block ciphers
What do we gain from hashing the length in Merkle–Damgård?
SHA-3 Sub-Function Reversibility Clarification
Can a document contain its own hash?
Best choice out of these six TLS cipher suites
Blockchain use in record management
For RSA cryptography, how long does it take to factor out P -1024 if given Q - 1024 and N - 2048?
Is being cryptanalyst synonymous with being a code breaker?
2-round generalized Feistel network
What primitives are needed to generically implement public-key cryptography?
How do I calculate the encrypted messages for the text?
Implementing AES algorithm using Arduino
DES and Feistel Cipher
Why are homomorphic algorithms slow?
Why don't crypto-currencies use the Lamport signature scheme?
Are there simple, cryptographically safe one-way hashing functions?
PAKE PSF with very trivial/leaky passwords
What paradigm does ABE, KP-ABE and CP-ABE fall into
Is there a signature scheme which doesn't rely on the difficulty of factoring/dlp which generates short signatures?
I can divide a very large integer - did I discover anything?
What exactly is bootstrapping in FHE?
Generating a random number using a quantum computer
Pairing - Is it possible to map two $r$-torsion points to a $r^2$-torsion point?
CPA-security of CTR mode
What is a pseudo-collision attack?
Length of truncated HMAC output
How to secure DICOM images
Using a single key pair for man-in-the-middle attack on Diffie-Hellman
High Throughput Global Entropy Source
How efficient are the generic attacks regarding near-collision-resistance?
33c3ctf beeblebrox RSA Sign challenge: any tipps?
Cryptocurrency serving as hash breaking?
Commiting to a linear relation over a finite field
Relevance of Input and Ouput size of PRF on CTR mode
Proving additive inverse as generator of Z*p
Why do key fobs/garage doors openers use rolling codes instead of PGP or SSL encryption?
Complexity of computing homomorphic encrypted matrix multiplication
Creating UID's using hash functions - most appropriate hashing algorithm?
Unleakable shared secret under realistic assumptions?
Which US standard includes a signature based on Ed25519?
One time pad encryption
Homomorphic RSA
Should I use HMAC or KMAC for SHA3?
What's the difference between DH and DHM?
FIPS 202/SHAKE: insecure 3DES key derivation example
Classical cryptographic key exchange
In what sense are silicon PUFs unclonable?
Database sharing in Private Information Retrieval (PIR)
Time complexity of birthday attack type problem
Slide attack: creating an actual attack on the Simon Cipher
Missing operations in last round of DES and AES
How to find the AES branch number?
How to detect duplicate values of sensitive data that needs to be encrypted
Basic encryption question: Why does 128/256 bit encryption have set length keys?
What is the importance of Rcon in Rjindael's key expansion from a security prespective?
is OPE able to produce different cyphertext for same plaintext?
Decisional Small $e$-Residue Assumption
Mathematical proof of a combined hash function
brute-force factors of numbers on my computer at home?
How does hashing twice protect against birthday attacks?
Why do we use one transformation to hide the structure in UOV?
How do Latin squares relate to quantum cryptography?
Why is pseudorandom OTP (P-OTP) IND-CPA insecure
How expensive is the Extended Euclidean Algorithm?
Why do the signature and ciphertext size increase in post-quantum schemes?
Is having AES tables on a distinct physical page enough to avoid cache timing attacks?
Efficient protocol to give out N known items randomly to k>=3 parties without independent bodies
Is OCSP multi stapling supported by OpenSSL?
How to encrypt/decrypt foreign language
Is MD5 neither encryption nor encoding?
What packages do I need to import if I would like to run a ntruencrypt source code in Java?
Select a single message without showing which one has been selected
What is the largest bit RSA encryption to be cracked?
Tiny Firmware Authentication
Chosen plain-text attack proof for Bethencourt CP-ABE scheme
Attacking a blackbox PRNG
Role of primitive roots in Pollard's P-1 factorization algorithm
The Wide Pipe construction
Is it possible to work out the hash using length extension attack but with different hashes type?
Advantage of $\operatorname{GF}(2^8)$ over $\mathbb Z/2^8\mathbb Z$ in AES/Rijndael
Twofish MDS multiplication
The purpose of digital envelopes
Post Quantum Symmetric Cryptography
Why do we use pseudo random PRNG in cryptographic applications instead of true random number TRNG
CAPTCHA like mechanisms : Impact on confidentiality of Info
why babai rounding technique does not work for finding closest vector using bad basis
Optimal way to get checksum digits from hash?
How are private keys handed to users in Identity-based Encryption?
Weird exam question about RSA and Chunksize
RSA private key integrity check
Chosen Plaintext attack on AES in ECB mode
Secret sharing between a very large number of participants
Multiple-parties signature schemes
securing the keystore
Why is ISAAC not a pseudo random number generator?
Finding AES ciphertext stealing test vectors?
Quadratic residue zero knowledge proof - simulator with identical distribution
The existence of partial homomorphic additive encryption with bit-wise XOR operation
Mid-Square Hash Quality
What's the generally accepted way of padding more than 255 bytes?
Encrypting small packets with low data rate
Encrypting user-specific hash?
How to use private key with Hash algorithims for storing passwords
storing salt in app
To decrypt a cipher text encrypted using keyed substitution
Are there problems with short pseudo-random mid-square-like sequences?
Proactive secret sharing security flaws
Security of Randomized Encryption Scheme
Can you tell if this ECB mode mitigation idea is "OK"?
Security proof for multi-message signature scheme
Can you help me understand this exam answer related to “breaking discrete logarithm over P256”?
Nash cryptosystem
Securing Data via secret key that must be revealed later
Valid reencryption of simple mixnet
Derivation of many (Key, IV) pairs from random 128 nonces and one secret 512 master key
Elliptic curve point multiplication — who is wrong?
Safety of random nonce with AES-GCM?
Significance of Gram-Schmidt coefficients in LLL algorithm
Sedenion based encryption scheme
Vigenère cipher - sorted order
How does Signal Messenger's Safety Number Works?
Curves intended for both signing and key agreement
Explain: An NTRU key for a lattice of dimension $d$ has size only $O(d\log{d})$
Does WEP protect message authenticity?
Given this protocol, can you find some weakness?
Is this truly a TRNG?
What does "birational equivalence" mean in a cryptographic context?
Can I break a random number into two smaller vectors and consider them as two random numbers?
Where should I store the private key (RSA) in a web application?
Partition attack on the possible values of RSA modulus
About belonging symbol
Malicious Model and Arbitrary selecting inputs on MPC and PSI
Is a transposition cipher categorized as asymmetric algorithm?
Use of Initialization Vector in a Hash Function
Disk/File modes of encryption and authentication
PostQuantum Lattice-based schemes and Nguyen-Regev like attacks
AES CTR with a non random and predictable nonce?
about entropy and random number generator
RSA Cryptosystem
Why are multiple rounds with generated subkeys used?
Can we use witnesses generated by OpenSSL's Rabin-Miller primality test to help factorization?
Does the Shappening mean HTTPS can be broken?
Does one time pad randomness help brute force attacks?
How to calculate chance of missing an error with overlapping hashes?
Self Generating key encryption based
Key used by HMAC-SHAx in PBKDF2
Costs of operations in elliptic curves explanation
One ciphertext, multiple keys, multiple messages
Check if two anonymously signed messages have the same author
Is it possible to build short proofs of arbitrary computations over a big list?
How many operations per key for partial character matching?
What is the point of hash = (prime * hash + b) % 100
Elliptic curves with field sizes that not byte-aligned
How does blockmix in scrypt work? What is the meaning of the H function in scrypt?
Would using a one-time pad multiple times with some conditions be safe?
Can it be done? Securing physical badges with cryptography
Poly1305-AES vs AES-GCM
How can I extract randomness from a JPEG file?
can i find the algorithim of a prng by entering previous sequence
Why is Fernet only AES-128-CBC?
How to decrypt a substitution cipher using a Base64 alphabet
Zero padded signatures in the Bleichenbacher attack
How to provide encryption of user's data that can be performed by multiple (specific) users?
Private Information Retrieval with no server computations
Is Elliptic Curve Diffie-Hellman (ECDH) still secure if I use the public key more than one time?
El-Gamal Given C1=E(m) how to create C2 such the D(C2)=m
Show how to create a legal encryption without knowing their decryption
Does a 128bit 3DES need billions of years to decrypt using brute force attack?
How to defend AES against chosen-plaintext attack?
Is a large random number cryptographically equivalent to the product of multiple smaller ones?
Big data and modern crypto systems
How is the quality of a password calculated and what does it mean?
Certificate Verify in SSLv3
Signing dynamic data on an embedded system
Difference between INT-CTXT and INT-PTXT
AES-128: How to find cipherkey comparing wrong and right ciphertexts?
Hill's Cipher - Known Plaintext Attack
Elliptic curve points addition is not associative
Need an example to write permutation in cycle notation
How does the time complexity of block cipher change with increase in key length?
The following signature scheme secure or not
Hashing entropy to generate 256bit key?
How Hermite Lattice reduced basis implies LLL reduced basis?
Reusing characters from plaintext in salt
How much entropy is lost if 1 character is fixed in HMAC SHA-512?
RSA KeyPair generation with Bouncy Castle provider: $e*d(φ(n))$ not equal to one
How to XOR two hexa numbers by hand fast
Do I need different encryption and decryption algorithms for each key?
Combination of TLS_PSK and TLS False Start
Proving Pseudo Random Generator from other Pseudo Random Generator?
How long does it take to brute force Blowfish-448?
Are additional PGP subkeys still needed for smartcards?
Project Euler Problem 182 Clarification
Are lookup tables safe when they fit in a cache line?
Can zero knowledge proof and zero knowledge proof of knowledge transfer to each other?
Why are elliptic curves constructed using prime fields and not composite fields?
Security of the server's private key
why are non singular curves used in elliptic curve cryptography?
ECC encryption algorithm
How much original entropy is lost if a part of the hash is known?
Number of unique outputs in hash function (SHA256) against all possible inputs
Is the HNF basis the worst basis for a lattice?
Substitution Cipher vs. Permutation Cipher
Detecting the amount of entropy used for random number generation
Do the elliptic curves over prime fields must always contain prime number of elements (prime order)?
Which assumption is stronger (p-BDHI) and DL?
Different languages use-cases in information encryption?
Using only 4 Bytes of AES-CMAC
What’s the difference between a Fast wide pipe and a Narrow pipe construction?
Why is the state of an LFSR not output?
HMAC with secret hash constants
Why is writing your own encryption discouraged?
What is the simplest digital signature algorithm known?
Piggyback on Bitcoin for independent data verification?
What are the differences between these AES ciphers?
How is pre-master secret encrypted when ECC is used?
Can Elliptic curve Diffie–Hellman (ECDH) shared secret be used as a static encryption key?
How is an AES S-Box cyclically shifted to the left?
Is IV needed in ECIES?
Collision-resistant Pseudorandom function
Recovery of blowfish encryption key?
"Seed" vs "seed key"
Why does facebook uses two secrets to secure API
Are there historical examples of Occam's Razor being useful to cryptography research?
How should I encrypt filenames in my scenario?
Get LCG from output?
If Bob wants to make sure Alice knows a second message came from him, what key or method should Bob use?
How does quantum encryption work?
Will elliptic curve cryptography be weakened?
Difference between mix networks and onion routing
How can we formally define a Pseudo-Random Shuffle function?
MAC security using encryption
Hashing Algorithm Integrity Validation
What is the purely mathematical definition of encryption strength?
Why does SHA512 start with "1"?
Encrypting decimal values with AES
Showing formally that DDH hardness implies CDH hardness
Security difference(s) between Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme and Blakley's Secret Sharing Scheme?
Affine cipher finding the decryption map
Reuse nonce with Salsa20 stream cipher with counter
Is it necesary to introduce noise in building fully homomorphic encryption?
How to configure Argon2d for commodity hardware?
Ensuring integrity in a multi-user secret vault
Vigenere cipher
What is standard email encryption practice?
Choosing between additive or multiplicative group for Diffie-Hellman
Have affine ciphers actually been used in practice?
Predictable, but private IV in CBC
Given a 128-trit state space, is a 3-symbol block cellular automaton secure against preimage attacks?
Security level difference: supersingular vs non-singular elliptic curve
Parameters for LWE
Generating password from high entropy file
Decide strategy to decrypt cipher
Is it safe to encode an entropy this way?
SSL 2.0 Finished Message
AES-256-ECB to encrypt VOIP audio-stream?
How is a re-encryption done with elGamal?
Are there attacks against broken RSA signature pad checking with $e = 65537$?
What is the reason to separate domains in the internal hash algorithm of a merkle tree hash?
Geometric Cryptography and Zero-Knowledge Proofs
The probability to get a given word in a PRG
Elliptic curves in Edwards form (or Edwards curve) and addition formulas
Expected entropy in $P(x)\oplus x$ for random $x$, where $P$ is a random permutation
Supersingular vs non-singular (Same or different)
Probability of collision in PRF
Mysterious messages online but is there a pattern in these ciphertexts?
How can a company have its own Certificate Authority for internal use?
What is a “witness” in zero knowledge proof?
How to contruct a pseudorandom with a specific property
What do the inputs of `hash_df` look like?
Can you help me understand this pseudo random generator example?
When we use a PRF to pad a message, do we need to worry about the PRF's output range and/or probability of collision?
Is there any compelling or logical reason to use AES-192 over AES-128 but not use AES-256?
Storing Parameters In Argon2 Hash As Potential Security Issue?
Can a repeated random sequence be considered random?
What is the best mode of operation for file encryption with Threefish512?
Reducing the output of AES to 64 bit
How does AES/CTR/PKCS5Padding works when the bits to encrypt is more than 8 bits
Is it possible to recover password having ZIP/AES file and unpacked file?
Deriving user keys from ID
Can I create a random access CSPRNG from a hash?
What does it mean in layman's term when it states that - "An algorithm running for polynomial time can break the scheme with probability p"?
Show that G is not a PRF
Checksum vs. non-cryptographic hash
Is it secure to cascade KDFs
Why is garbled circuit a randomized encoding?
Why do we use multilinear maps for obfuscation?
Encrypting credentials and reusing them securely
Best password hashing strategy with Argon2 in a web app
Verifying a downloaded file with an .asc file
How to perform the Elliptic Curve calculation in the following example?
Show G is insecure against adaptive adversaries
Compute maximum PRF advantage
DES strength and weakness
Can physical object hiding be quantified with entropy?
Blum Blum Shub Hash
Does AES-NI offer better side-channel protection compared to AES in software?
Measuring cypher strength
What to do with this specific scenario of a key reuse
Does size matter in case of attack on LUKS partition?
How do the constants in this implementation of AES match up with the algorithm?
Basic properties of some hash functions
Deduce modulus N from public exponent and encrypted data
AES vs other types of encryption such as Twofish
TLS with NULL chipersuite
cbc - why not like this? what's wrong?
Pseudorandom function outputting a field element VS pseudorandom function outputting a string
Function to polynomial equation in GF(2)
How can I encrypt a plain text of length l to a ciphertext of a different length
If a hash function $H$ is collision resistant, is it true that $H(x)\neq H(x')$ for all messages $x, x'$ with $x \neq x'$?
How to find the generator of an elliptic curve?
How can I change the length of PRF output?
How to analyse traces of a hardware AES implementation?
Comparing elliptic curves over prime fields against EC over binary fields
What is a 76-step SHA1 collision?
Storing a Secure Boot image with AES-GCM instead of AES + RSA signature
Decisional Diffie-Hellman assumption vs decisional bilinear Diffie-Hellman assumption
Streaming hash function
GPG encryption truncates large files ( ~ 4 Gb )
implementing GCM with dev/urandom for a nonce
What is the prp-advantage of a $2^{80}$-time adversary attacking AES-256?
Small signature for packets using asymetric encryption?
Why do crypto tools display key components in such an unusual format?
Is the number still a CSPRN if we only allow an interval from a CSPRNG?
Information theoretic message authentication code (MAC)
RSA: How to compute the number of possible plaintexts if $e$ is not coprime to $\varphi(n)$?
random oracle model vs standard model vs selective model
Locker room birthday paradox
Most efficient way to perform secure bitwise multiplication
Is there any hash function for which a preimage of a fixed element is always known?
$L^3$ Grover search of NTRU variants
Would dividing a random number by a constant "ruin" it?
Is the prime P is fixed for an elliptic curve defined over a particular prime field F_p?
Does the generator (base point) is preshared between the sender and receiver in elliptic curve cryptography?
Can you help me understand this (old) school question related to RSA usage?
Extract data from certificate
What is the difference between .pem , .csr , .key and .crt?
Prove that the following private-key encryption scheme is not CPA-secure
A question about verifier in zero knowledge proof
Is there a cipher related to colors and letters?
Multiplication by 2 in the Rijndael Galois field
Design of MixColumn Transformation in AES
Encryption based solely on XORing with concatenated hash values
SPAKE2 - Pairwise keys with multiple participants
If the output size of SHAKE128/256 is variable, why is the security fixed at 128/256?
Apply a permutation cipher by hand
How to calculate the needed encryptions in salted passwords?
monoalphabetic substitution perfect secrecy
How can I store asymmetric keys server-side, so that they are only readable by devices?
Deterministic encryption for a limited space: using HMAC as IV
Can a service that can only sign text, be used for encryption/decryption?
Whcih one is computationally more expensive: Zero knowledge proof or cut-and-choose
Are there any industry standards for PRFs?
Is it ever worse to add more rounds?
How would you explain this very simple add/modulo asymetric encryption?
linkable tokens
Is it possible to prove the age of a document?
EC: How to prevent discovery of base point after commutative operation
Is ECDH(E) Key Exchange FIPS 140-2 compliant?
Given the block cipher compute max PRF advantage
Zero-knowledge problem of Pinocchio (verifiable computation)
SHA-1 hash where each of the first 16 bytes is even
Elliptic Curve SSL performance: ECDHE and/or ECDSA?
Generally accepted standard(s) for key managment?
How can you extract individual characters of an encrypted string such as a password?
ZK proof of "element in subgroup" protocol
Encrypting data at rest using AES-GCM, where should I store MAC (Message Authentication Code)
PHE/FHE add and compare attack
Homomorphic encryption poll for multiple people
What are the theoretical memory requirements for these factoring algotihms?
Lyra2 sponge construction and random numbers?
Uses of digital signature in asymmetric cryptography
Is there an asymmetric scheme where keys form a graph and a message can only be decrypted across a certain degree of separation?
Is this PRG secure? Different on halves of input
Proper encryption algorithm to use when encrypting data before backing it up to untrusted hosts?
Reverse engineering secret key in RSA encryption with the help of signature
What is the purpose of placing the most significant byte first?
How to detect if n long messages have encrypted with the same one-time pad?
Discrete logarithm algorithm for modulus power of 2
How often to reseed the NIST CTR_DRBG with AES256_CTR
What are some of the current relevant fully homomorphic schemes?
How do I use LDPC for distributed error correction
Bob has an EC key pair. How can he receive a small integer in the least compute intensive way?
How can I find the generator of a composite group and $Z_p*$?
How can I obtain a code with same weight codewords?
ISO 9564-1 format 4: do I need an IV?
What's the meaning of "Ops" in this ABE schemes performance form
Is there a standard method to compare hardware-implemented ciphers?
CBC-Mode Infinite Garble Extension
Why does symmetric encryption require padding?
Why is the polynomial of an LFSR called so?
why does TTLV encoding in KMIP require padding?
Hardness of EC based DLP
IND-CPA security of CTR mode
Question about modular arithmetic (division)
What's dh-composite test on badssl.com?
Showing a generator based to pseudorandom function is also pseudorandom
Padding on RSA signature and RSA encryption
How does OpenSSL know if a decryption failed?
Point-at-infinity and error handling
Is 3 rounds Feistel enough for making PRP
Estimated entropy per bit given P-value of a statistical test, and number of bits tested?
Proving CPA security using a PRG in place of a PRF
Decrypting ciphertext produced by the Trivium stream cipher
Trivium and its register size
What is the direct connection between LWE and GapSVP?
What happens if I modify the Merkle–Damgård hash method?
Can I use M1 straight away and get rid of IV in Merkle–Damgård?
Integrity of Voice packets/ Audio signal
Asymmetry between public key and private key: digital signatures use the private key for “encryption”?
Cryptographic key Length
Is it possible to have a PAdES signature with only a timestamp?
Using High Level Probability Theory (eg Markov Chain Mixing) in Cryptography/Cryptanalysis
Why is adaptive security stronger than CCA1 security, and weaker than CCA2 security?
Signature operations may leak the private key; signature verification should be safe?
Is it possible to have a bit oriented inversion of SHA-3's theta() function?
What is actual difference between POODLE and BEAST?
Wikipedia pseudo code is unclear about how to pad SHA-512
Any idea where I can learn to recover an encryption key?
Affine plaintext attack with GCD != 1
Please help me understand this k-out-of-n oblivious transfer protocol
Does RSA_PRBG security depend on keeping seed secret?
Use of PBKDF2 when no access to HKDF?
Given an elliptic curve and all points, how do I calculate the order of the points manually?
Ring Signature Verification
Pseudorandom Permutation equals to PRF?
Can elliptic curve point common factors be detected?
What is the meaning of weight in cryptography and how is it related to branch number?
P2P encryption - Do I need a different session key each time?
Password cracking: What if attacker is lucky?
Are these functions pseudo random? Why or why not?
What are the properties of error vector used in symmetric McEliece cryptosystem?
Which public key cryptosystem has the highest security/keysize rate?
Knapsack and block size clarification
Algorithms of steganography
How can fully homomorphic encryption ever be secure?
What does "$<\!\!<\!\!<$" mean?
What Are Advantages and Disadvantages of SHA-256?
AES MixColumns using L and E lookup tables
Does XOR have diffusion properties?
Alternatives to sbox's for diffusion?
Mathematical structure for Sbox
Disadvantages of the Feistel network
Is an equality test possible when using paillier crypto?
Are this recommendations from Colin Percival correct?
Determine hashing algorithm
Is encrypt-and-MAC secure for AES-CTR + UMAC?
ElGamal: Why is reusing the same $k$ not secure?
What does "with all but negligible probability" mean?
Why is a nonce used to initialize Hash_DRBG, HMAC_DRBG, and CTR_DRBG?
Is it feasible to design a crypto scheme for centralised reporting of anonymized data?
CTR vs CBC cycles per byte with OpenSSL EVP
What is the purpose of adding secondary error to calculated key in BCNS and NewHope protocols
How to construct a hash function that maps any binary string into a multiplicative group element?
How to encrypt 1-to-1 chat application for dummies
Correct way to hash a unordered collection
Major code breaks in history
What cipher(s) can or should I use for attribute based encryption?
How to implement division using Garbled Circuit
What are the quantum relations of four-particle GHZ states?
Multilinear maps for self-study
Differential privacy per record
CBC variant: why encrypt the nonce with a different key?
Relationship between "Entropy" and "Security" in crypto functions
A questions about SP 800-90A DRBG additional input
Does keeping a PGP crypted message private helps?
AES in CBC Mode Is totally unsecure if no defense is provided for padding oracle attack, right?
how to decrypt AES CBC 256 : while you have the Key and the IV
A clarification about OTR shared secrets - how long need they be secret?
Universally verifiable random beacon
CFB-Mode biterror
Is it possible to make sense of an unknown language by means of cryptanalysis?
Crypto++ benchmarks cycles/byte vs. megacycles/operation
How to find the order of a generator on an elliptic curve?
Secret Sharing: Is this simplification secure?
How exactly does ASKE (Alpha Secure Key Establishment) in Zigbee work?
An example of an appropriate use case for AES-CBC encryption without authentication?
How to check that AES Matrix is MDS?
Bit Commitment - from any One Way Permutations
Time-based Crypto
Can I use a deterministic NONCE for AES-GCM file encryption if I generate "fresh" keys for each encrypted file
RSA with 3 primes
What is a safe maximum message size limit when encrypting files to disk with AES-GCM before the need to re-generate the key or NONCE
How to implement "online" feature of GCM?
Substitution Cipher Help: Can't figure out keyword
Unpredictability and non-secret IVs
can a key be applied to half the cipher text
What is the correct format for a CRLF in a SSL certificate's pem
How can companies authenticate messages sent between different security components in the company?
How to verify a trusted Issuer in U-Prove
What is the new attack on SHA-1 "SHAttered" and how does it work?
Cipher that interleaves rounds from other ciphers?
What is hardened SHA-1, how does it work and how much protection does it offer?
How is the SHA-1 collision detector so fast?
Key management in Java + Remembering passwords
Good practice to separate RSA key pairs used for encryption and digital signatures
How does the Flame malware take advantage of MD5 collision?
where does the prime number taken in DH algorithm in IPSEC
Is there a name for encrypting a decimal number using a one time pad?
An example of CCM - AES Mode
Can CTR mode be used with public key cryptography?
CBC Padding Oracle in SSL3. Why only in SSL3 not in TLS1,TLS1.1, etc
Difference b/w Hash function & Keyed Hash function? And HMAC with Matyas-Meyer-Oseas hash function
When the salt is applied before the text is salted , then what is "that"?
Where should i start?
Centralized storing of private RSA key
Why not combine hashing algorithms?
Galois LSFR Subsequence Periodicity
What kind of attack could one perform if you generate private keys using SHA3(master_key || nonce)?
What do the signature security abbreviations like EUF-CMA mean?
Can you help me find a cryptanalytic way to attack a simple monoalphabetic substitution cipher algorithm?
Brute forcing an elliptic curve encrypted key
Is $f(x) = -1.5$ a negligible function?
scientific research about what is more secure: biometric authentication vs regular
RSA-Encryption, How to find private key (d) knowing public key (n) (e) & knowing how big the cypher text is (88 digits)?
Encryption with both plaintext and ciphertext public
Does observing amount of changes in encrypted disk ciphertext have a well-known attack name?
Determine whether bit sequence is hash?
What impact could general quantum computing have on BCrypt?
Is there a perpetual 2-factor-authentication scheme that allows temporary password generation?
Worst case of Integer factorization
Remove Blowfish Padding
Recovering key in AES - Infinitely many known plaintext ciphertext pairs
Perfect Secrecy for two distinct messages
Performing DFS search with garbled boolean circuit
Order of an elliptic curve defined over a prime field
Is there a checksum that gives the same checksum when in a text file?
Improving Caesar Cipher security
Definition of Cascade for Blockciphers
Quality test for an hardware source of randomness
Parameters for comparison of Salsa, HC-128 and SOSEMANUK
Is there a studied notion of "party independent transfer"?
Where is master password for Firefox stored. Is this password is same as the master password asked for NSS?
How to perform a parallel hash over a large file without changing the sequential hash result?
How OR gates are garbled in recent optimizations techniques like free XOR, Half Gates?
Why XOR and NOT is free in garbled circuit
Groups for which DDH is easy but CDH is hard
What kind of data is appended to the message encrypted in AES128-CBC?
Is AES (or DES) provably secure? What is the hardness assumption underlying these cryptosystems?
What is the maximum key size for a 128 bit AES?
Is the risk of a collision for OCB mode mitigated by upping the block size of the cipher?
How to improve long-term duration of standard checksum for authenticity purposes?
Possible anomaly in Cryptonomicon
Proof of a key agreement protocol based on bilinear pairings
How to use ECDH keypairs algorithm for encryption and decryption same like RSA keypairs without key agreement?
Hypothetical DES weakness: dual encryption identical to single encryption with specific keys
Tests on /dev/urandom entropy can be considered useful or not?
Differential Privacy: why $\delta$ negligible on the row numbers?
Understanding elliptic curve point addition over a finite field
LoRaWAN AES encryption in C#
how to get secret keys in xor?
Strange modular expression in paper on group signatures
How to verify the AES Key?
Are there any downsides to key stretching an already high quality entropic key?
How secure is reducing length and concatentation of hash?
How do i avoid random output in ECIES encryption and Elgamal encryption as well?
What is the meaning of Maximum Expected Differential/Linear Probability (MEDP/MELP)?
Can public key cryptography be equivalent to asymmetric cryptography? If not, what's the difference?
Shannon cipher with fewer keys than messages
Need help to get correct TOTP
What is a pre-shared key in TLS/SSL and why does master key is not used instead of session key?
Security of elliptic curves
Cracking linear congruential generator knowing a, b, m and scaled numbers
Sigma protocol to prove that the prover knows how open a commitment
How can I make sure message m ∈ Zp
Thorp-Shuffle Coupling
Is there a form of AES encryption where the cipher text matches the length of the clear text and does not show patterns?
How to generate a permutation of n numbers using secret sharing scheme?
How is Homomorphic Encryption secure (over integers)?
Can a self-signed certificate's signature algorithm be changed?
S-boxes are not linear
Homomorphic decryption circuit in integer-based scheme
How are attributes encoded in private keys in Attribute-Based Encryption?
Can following discrete logarithm problem be considered as difficult?
Why does AES use a Binary Field?
Is there any SRP-like key exchange only using "standard" cryptographic primitives?
Weak one way functions from strong one way functions
Modes of Triple DES - When to use each?
How to decrypt file on one machine which is encrypted on other machine?
How should I prove this protocol?
Hash function used to find duplicate data, at what point is the risk of a chance match sufficient to switch to a stronger hash or bytewise verifying?
Are cryptographic hash functions quantum secure?
elliptic curves of prime order
Are there deterministic private-key encryption schemes that are CPA-secure?
64 bits cipher and birthday boundaries in ECB
Is there any knapsack-based cryptosystem that has not yet been broken?
Security of a cryptosystem where the encryption is swapped with decryption
Can key hardening compensate lack of entropy?
Is it necessary for the Rijndael polynomial to be primitive?
worst-case OWF from weak OWF
How to compute Blum Blum Shub algorithm
Can we have Rijndael s-boxes constructed using reducible polynomials?
What is the definition of a Linear Cipher
LED (AES like) algorithm Decryption-Mixcolumn
How can semi-weak DES keys be leveraged to attack DES?
Can the TLS 1.3 PSK-DHE handshake be turned into a PAKE?
Is there a downside to encrypting too much data with the same key?
Can chaining hash functions reduce security?
Stateless user-generated one-time passwords
identify if the functions are pseudorandom generator?
What if in AES-128 CBC, IV is very related to KEY?
SHA-1 – Why are text containers used for certificates?
Does mixing two derived keys make a stronger key? And if so, how would I mix?
Randomizing before Shamir secret sharing?
How does the attack on MD5 work that allows a file to show its own (full) hash?
Security of Lindner-Peikert parameters for lwe
SHA-1 – Why is it hard to find a certificate collision?
SHA-1 – Would using a SHA1 signature be a risk?
Ensuring CSRNG integrity in reduced range
Applicability of IBM's projected 50-qubit quantum computer Q to cryptanalysis?
Prove that a given encryption scheme is perfectly secret
Is there a proof-of-work scheme vulnerable to length extension attack?
ClientKeyExchange in static DH
Asymmetric vs symmetric encryption
Interpolation Attack
Can a random permutation be restored / decrypted?
Attack mode for DES + ECB
How is it possible to detect "unknown SHA-1 cryptanalytic collision attacks given just a single file from a colliding file pair"?
In ECDSA, without knowing private key and any signature one can sign random garbage (from the Cryptography list)
SHA-1 – Would using a SHA-1 CSR be a risk?
How can I plot graphs of CP-ABE scheme using charm crypto?
AES s-box representation
Extracting the pad in case of one-time-pad reuse without XORing
Time taken to break cryptographic key
Additive inverse for elliptic curve addition in finite field in jacobian coordinates
Is there any progress towards a SHA-1 distinct chosen prefix collision?
Why does AES-GCM not require an auth key, but encrypt-then-mac does?
Can I securely refill a one time pad over the same connection?
Suggestions for improving encrypt-then-mac flow
How 2 rounds in AES achieve full diffusion?
Third public prime
Question about discrete logarithm problem
Secure and deterministic MACs which are not strongly secure?
Bruteforcing a 64-bit key
Encrypting bcrypt hashes
Key and IV lengths
How can I validate a given Server-Certificate behind a HTTPS-connection?
Hybrid authenticated protocol
Zero knowledge proof of dependency
What does this notation means $\mathbb{F}_{2^{-}}$?
initial addround key process in AES
Why avoid custom HMAC implementations like the following?
Using simple hashing function to expand already secure key
Role-based access control security
What is Difference between Managed Object and Object Type in KMIP?
PGP - MIME, is it correct?
Order of the curve and generator
Is MD5 particularly vulnerable when given multiple MD5 hashes using a common, secret suffix?
What does the mask generation function in PKCS#1 output if the generated mask is shorter than the specified mask length?
Elliptic Curve Cryptography - When to use p and when to use n
SHA-256 support for SecretKeyFactory in Java 6 and 7?
ed25519 ssh public key is always 80 characters long?
Unforgeability proof of partially blind signature (schnorr signature based)
How to create a shared secret S from a subset of existing secrets n, such that k out of n secrets can recreate S?
Is there any way to hire someone to generate a sufficiently small hash of a value + nonce, without knowing value nor nonce?
How is the affine cipher a permutation?
zero knowledge messaging implementation
Overdeterminate system of multivariate equation
Does this approach on MEDP take into account the multiple differential trails?
AES OCB with Argon2 KDF for keyring file encryption
Does Benford's law hold against encrypted data?
Is there any vulnerability if I hmac(key,key)?
Is a key ratchet effective against replay attacks?
Is it a bad idea to make multiple SHA-* with the same header?
Interesting implementation practices in popular crypto library
HMAC and hashed
Why are some websites seemingly immune to self-signed certificate MitM attacks?
Are Koblitz curves paring friendly?
TLS-conformant ciphertexts and SSLv2-conformant ciphertexts for Blechenbacher attack for DROWN attack
How would Private-key Cryptography be if we use quadratic polynomials as OWF's?
Fast crytographically secure Pseudo-Random number generator in software
Are there any security issues when replacing the SHA-256 initialisation values?
How does the "biased-$k$ attack" on (EC)DSA work?
How should I incrementally sign a large set of documents?
Implement AES-CTR on top of AES-ECB
Security of right-zero padded signatures with $e=3$
FHE Bootstrapping vs. Relinearization
What is Rolling Code in cryptographic terms?
What might be the intuition for this scheme to be AEAD and what is the problem with this?
Rijndael - is there some difference in resistance between counter in generator input and in IV?
How does encrypt-then-MAC protect from CCA?
Consider the use of double encryption applied to the AES algorithm with two 128-bit keys
LIL (PRNG) statistical test does not appear to be in a stable state
AES encrypted data length using WebCrypto
Different ways/algorithms for implementing AES
Differential Path Search of a Block Cipher
Converting discrete log problem to a multivariate system of equations
can a weak cipher in a cascade weaken the result?
Simultaneous collision for MD5 and SHA1?
Shall I use individual or common signing keys for different roles?
Preimage attack given half of the preimage
Decrypt Messages With Reused Pad
Secure Two-party computation
Extracting Private Keys in Diffie Hellman
Is HIMMO For Real?
standard way of authentication via token
What are Alternatives to basic ROT-n Ciphers which Don't Lose 'Context'?
Security proof of partially blind signature (schnorr signature based)
OWF by encrypting a constant?
Conforming to best practices in password file (keyring) encryption
Which compression functions are PRFs?
Why is SRP considered to be resistant to MITM attack?
Is there a quick way to know the length of a message hashed using SHA3?
SRP and compromised verifier
Restore AES key from MPC
Upgrade password hash in an existing system: Pbkdf2( salt , OldSha1Hash )
Can an U2F public/private key-pair for signatures be used for encryption?
Is this cryptographically secure?
Why use a separate key for each file?
Why in BCNS protocol both parties don't follow the exact same key extraction approach
Deterministic Signing
What's the ASN.1 structure of ECIES encryption result?
BN-Curves for 256-bit symmetric security
Are there predictable, yet secure hashes?
Clinet's nonce in TLS
Does seemingly random output imply irreversibility in hash function?
Intuitive explanation of the $\varepsilon$ parameter in differential privacy
Result of expressions using modular arithmatic for group signatures
Cipher suite priority
discrete logarithm equality for independent groups
Combating Traffic analysis Msc Dissertation ideas
Using the same encryption algorithm for different types of content/data
Can you travel out of the U.S. with Oracle's JCE Unlimited Strength installed on your laptop?
What is the complex Element 'KeyInfo' in the encrypted XML example for?
How to solve the Diffie-Hellman problem if $g$ is unknown?
how to understand the universal hash and the leftover hash lemma
What is Global Avalanche Criteria(GAC)
Indistinguishability Obfuscation : What are it's consequences on crypto?
What kind of symmetric-key algorithm to use with Diffie-Hellman?
Relationship between AES GCM and AES CTR
Distinct keys but value revealing
What is indistinguishability Obfuscation?
ElGamal cipher decryption (reposted not from guest account)
Black-Box Zero Knowledge vs Non-Black-Box Zero Knowledge
Which compression functions are MACs?
How does a preimage attack on MD5 break the security of HMAC-MD5?
Paid decryption scheme and possible attack surface
One Time Pad Alphabet Size
A login token algorithm
Android app cryptography does it fall under US Export laws?
How secure is AES in a critical situation?
HBCI Encryption/Decryption
Slow encryption (or reverse time-lock)
Is there parameter recommendation of DSA or RSA?
Paillier's Cryptosystem - Secure Key Size
RSASSA-PSS p1v2.1 (rfc 4056) signing
How does GnuPG compress a file and how to deal with it?
OpenSSL: Call X509_verify_cert on a certificate with OIDs unknown to openssl
AES128 and 256 Microsoft Office
calculating a group element in a discrete log problem
How to find collisions in a secret-prefix Merkle–Damgård given an adversary that can choose the IV?
How would a side channel attack be carried out in a real life situation?
Is this authentication system insecure or not
Can you please explain weak keys of the following 2-round DES?
Given a sha-512 hash of a value picked at random from the $2^{128}$ key space, how hard would it be to recover the original value?
Can I attack a PRNG using a differential or linear cryptanalysis?
how researchers extract encryption times when randomness is involved?
What is the maximum length of a X.509 OID?
Multiple private keys
How can I decode a substitution cipher in the form of pictures?
SHA-1 collisions with RSA signatures
What's a good hash algorithm for hashing a short length (e.g. 256 bytes) buffer, which must be fast and very collision resistant?
Could symmetric keys be of sizes other than 2^x or 2^x + 2^y?
Decryption with password, compiled code and ciphertext known
Linear Cryptanalysis of hash function
(EC)DSA signature without hashing, or with offloaded hash?
Applications of RSAES-OAEP Cryptography
Example of partial homomorphic encryption over $\mathbb{F}_{2^k}$?
What are the consequences (and potential mitigation) to poor entropy/RNG on server-side during ephemermal key generation and DH exchange
What is a (smooth) projective hash function?
The probability of breaking symmetric encryptions
Elliptic Curve Cryptography Point Arithmetic Libraries
Secure hash with digest size 128 bit?
How to break homophonic substitutions and nomenclators with too many symbols?
DES: Initial permutation position decreases by 8 - what is the significance?
Strength of block ciphers under attack [by government level attackers]
How to do a frequency analysis?
Is there an economic way to check if an eliptic curve point in jacobian coordiate is the same as a compressed point
A Question about Irreducible Polynomials
Why a Unitary Matrix in Quantum Cryptography?
Full diffusion or Partial diffusion between s-box applications?
irreducible Polynomial in a Cipher
Explanation of openssl ciphersuites
Why the contrapositive proves a given hash is collision resistant?
Whats the deal with argon2?
How to get the value of the subkeys in IDEA decryption?
mCrypton - does anyone know where I can find test vectors or a reference implementation?
How long does a good AES encryption take?
Encryption, Decryption using OpenSSL
Plausible Deniability in Schnorr
Establish a secure connection between a Bluetooth Low Energy device and an Android App using ECDH
Security services provided by digital signature
Challenge Response Authentication - Client Generating Challenge
Homomorphic Encryption and the Approximate GCD Problem Confusion
What is Phase space reconstruction attack on chaotic encryption algorithm?
AES parameters specifications
Single roundtrip authentication
can half of an encrypted photo be decrypted with the key?
Nonce reuse resistance
Parallel Rho Hash Collisions
Questions about SHA and SHAKE
Properties of a single-message protocol using AES
Dependent keys on Encrypt Then MAC
Key derivation after ECDH: why h(q ‖ pk1 ‖ pk2)?
How do I create an effective salt?
Password-Managers: what is the IND-CDBA attack logic?
NFC with AES : how works the exchange of key
A Question about CCM
Length of ECDSA signature
Given hash(x) and y, can I verify z = hash(x + y)?
ElGamal with elliptic curves II
Can you explain what is whitelisting in TLS False Start
Would using two keys for Salsa20 or ChaCha increase security?
Relation between encryption algorithms and (password) hash functions
Comparing two committed values
'Superblock' ciphers?
RC4, finding key if we know plain text and ciphertext
Understand LWE(Learning With Error) negligible error probability
Best practice to create certificate by CA
Using the Babai's Naive Rounding algorithm to decode, in the conditions of the SIS problem, is secure?
Is there some encryption scheme which is getting increase "noise" and then can't be indecipherable at last?
what is the maximum size of the payload data when using ed25519
Can elliptic curve cryptography encrypt with public key and decrypt with private key like RSA?
What are the possible applications of fully homomorphic RSA algorithm?
use Digital Signature in email
IND-CPA secure RSA padding with a partial homomorphic property
32-bit or 16-bits elliptic curves
Explanation of the generalisation of multiset properties to a concatenation of a block
Service to expose all encrypted messages its users sent. How protected would this data be?
Dynamically building a Merkle tree for unkown size
Can multi-encrypted file be decrypted with one password only?
AES Decryption followed by Encryption, will it produce the original text?
Why is a "Signed Digest" different from a "Digest which has been Signed"
About replay attack definition
How can I verify a client's identity by requesting a digital certificate?
Distributed generation of random numbers
Are there any applications of Lie algebras or Lie groups in cryptography?
AES-CBC-128 Known plain, IV, Cipher attack
Are common (secure) stream ciphers CCA1-secure?
What type of code is this
Should a company ever implement a (recent) published cryptographic protocol
ECB vs CBC for encrypting high entropy data
CRIME - attack TLS compression
What is the one-time signature scheme with shortest signature size known?
Prove Vigenere cipher isn't perfectly secret
How to estimate the hardness of SIS instances?
Encrypting a partially known plain text
Does encrypting both the message and digital signature adds to the integrity of the digital signature?
What is the fuss about 'dot blockchain' and music metadata?
Understand new fast computation algorithm elliptic point
URN for ECDSA signature algorithms (including hash algorithm)
Should I use SHA256 or Blake2 to checksum and sign scrypt headers?
Gaussian distribution over ideal lattices
What is the official, generally accepted definition of "lightweight crypto"?
Is a function defind by PRF with given key is a PRG
Security importance of Key Schedule in Block Cipher
Efficient proof of linear subspace membership
Digital signatures as a building block?
Elgamal Protocol Failure
Why are only lattice problems used in cryptography?
What is definition of adversary ? And what they do?
Anatomy of an RSA private key
Can you help me to understand the mode XCBC of authenticated-encryption?
Number of LWE samples in NewHope
Is there a method of encryption where you can't work out the key even with the encrypted and decrypted message?
How hard is the DLP in that simple group?
Is building your own inefficient but secure cipher hard?
Relation between "P is not equal to NP" and "Existence of One-Way Function"
Why is the GHASH output in GCM mode encrypted to calculate the tag?
Are non bijective sboxes weaker (on feistel networks)?
Can I use different initialization vectors (IV) for the same data in AES-CBC?
AES-GCM -- what is ICV and what happens if I don't use it
Cryptographic algorithms compromised and alternatives?
Yahalom Protocol
Does IND-CPA imply PRF?
Vertical bar and comma in hash function input
How to find output sequence for LFSR from its polynomial?
Difference between cryptanalysis and brute force attacks
Can someone explain the definition of four square roots as it pertains to groups in Z*p?
Can the fingerprint of a PGP key be combined with a phone number?
TLS Key Exchange content in DHE vs. ECDHE
How to solve encryption with ASCII output
How can we generate a shared key from two key pairs for an ECC implementation?
Can a device prove the identity of its own code?
Negative correlation in image cryptography
Determining Secret text
AES function with 128 bit key and 128 bit input size - does it have perfect secrecy?
How is encryption broken today?
Can data stay encrypted unless I'm eliminated?
Standard format to store text in LSB steganography?
What is the minimum recommended number of rounds for Argon2?
openssl_get_cipher_methods: which one to choose?
PRG is Injective
Proof that $g(x) = f(x) || f(f(x))$ is a OWF when $f$ is a OWF
Embedded device needs PRNG, has AES & EEPROM
AES vs DES S-boxes
In CBC, can I use a zero IV and prepend my actual IV to the plaintext?
What kind of classical ciphers are there?
Security effects of the seed's length in OAEP
Correcting Improperly Formatted EC Private Keys
Semantic security of the OCB mode
Standard lightweight one-way hash functions for IoT devices
How to find the interpolation polynomial of the DES S-boxes
Altering file for to create partial matching MD5
How are Rijndael's S-Boxes generated?
Are the first 4 bytes of a Ed25519 public key random?
Picking a cipher suite for embedded system emails
identity based cryptography (IBE) without key escrow
Would reuse of the symmetric key in a hybrid cryptosystem between files be inherently insecure?
Substitution-permutation network visualizer
How to calculate the average key search time for the double des?
How important is the size of the public key (for a given security level)?
Can someone randomly guess the key to AES 256 bit encryption?
Abelian groups in Elliptic curves
Understanding generation of IV in CBC encryption
Is HMAC-MD5 collision-resistant if the key is unknown?
Is a secure deterministic MAC always a PRF?
How I can attach a signed hash to a file?
Pollard's Lambda algorithm ecdlp with Pohlig Hellman
Are there any security definitions for DNS?
Knowing interval of discrete log for elliptic curve
Why was TrueCrypt Discontinued
Determining the primitive root $g$ of $p$, given $B=g^b \pmod p$
Collision attack on hash
Quantum Random Oracle Model
Is it possible to determine if data was encrypted by a specific public key?
Secret Sharing Scheme with variable share size?
Why the extra bits in Hash width?
Is this a secure PRG?
RSA keys are multiplicative inverse in mod phi(n), but also in mod n?
Is it possible to see whether different EC encrypted messages are (likely to be) encrypted on the same public key?
Best approach for storing private key
Is key derivation of a token shared secret necessary for usage of token in TOTP as specified by RF6238?
Determining number of required plaintext pairs for differential cryptanalysis
Why can't we reverse hashes?
Is it accurate to say that SHA-3 (keccak) is based on Merkle-Damgård?
Mathematical RSA clarification
Does DTLS in WebRTC protect from active Man-in-the-Middle?
Building index for Bloom filter using cryptographic hash functions
Privacy of Multiplication of Shamir Shared Secrets with an Active Adversary Where Final Result is Revealed to a Third Party Over a Secure Channel
Is using a broken SHA-1 for password hashing secure?
A perfect $(2; 2)$-threshold scheme
Sequence output by a Galois type LFSR
Mixing xor with modular addition
Signal vs Noise ratio in differential cryptanalysis
Using One Time Pad and RSA compared to using only One-time Pad
Sub exponentially hard OWF , PRF and iO
Small generator for classical Schnorr signatures?
What is stronger Threefish 1024bit, SHACAL-2 512bit or AES 256?
New Passwording?
Question about hashing passwords with PBKDF2
Why can't you divide by 0 in an Edwards Curve?
is a MAC defined by a pseudo random generator secure?
Encrypting any text without key after padding oracle attack in CBC mode
Security of HKDF when part of output is exposed
What is the probability of any two users generating the same 128, 256, 2048 bit key?
Is it possible to use the root function to attack RSA?
Block Cipher vs Hash Function to build a CSPRNG
Why use 256-bit symmetric encryption when the key is exchanged using asymmetric cryptography that only provides 112 bits of security?
Strength of key derived from a hash function considering the birthday attack
Is hashing large files CPU or I/O bound?
How to convert a Galois LFSR to a Fibonacci LFSR?
HMAC usage in hybrid encryption scheme
RSA: given (N,e,dP), is it possible to find d?
Lsb as hard core predicate in a sign-hash scheme
Should I use independent symmetric keys for each client should I use keys derived from a master key?
How to understand "homomorphically decrypting" in bootstrapping?
How to combine pepper in random string generation
How to mix external entropy to a random number generator?
Zero byte header in RSA-OAEP vs. RSA-PSS
Number of affine points on an elliptic curve
Safe initialization vector when using openssl_encrypt
How should a string be converted to a number for use by a hash function?
Factoring RSA number knowing some B-smooth numbers
Help Finding D from Dq and Dp
Forgery of a custom MAC
Byzantine agreement and PBFT
Why does KangarooTwelve only use 12 rounds?
How to create and send a symmetric key using GPG
Number of uniform n-bit strings
Why does a Hashing Function produce good Random Numbers if Input is random?
What is Byzantine Agreement?
Better truncate a CMAC from MSB or LSB
The notion of sub-exponential security
TLS 1.2 PRF with HMAC-SHA256
Benchmark differences between SHA-512 and bcrypt
What is the value of the fpad used in the NMAC?
which en/decrypt algorithm should use for small byte array that result have same length
Are there any applications of Quantum Computation to Cryptography? (besides Cryptanalysis)
What are the chances that AES-256 encryption is cracked?
What's the difference between game-based and simulation-based security?
Breaking Insecure Elliptic Curve Cryptography
Limit AES-256 to Alphanumeric characters
Chosen Plaintext Attack and Chosen Multiple-Plaintext Attack
Can any block cipher in CTR mode be used as a CSPRNG?
Definition of randomly generate in the parallelepiped
What is meant by a 1.5 pass cipher?
How could consumer level OTP + QKD over the internet ever be practical?
Public key cryptography for website access
A Question about Notations and Groups
Why aren't stream ciphers extremely secure?
Why isn't this HMAC construction/check secure?
How much can I assume hashes to be different for different contents?
ECDSA security using same per-message secrets $k$ but different signing keys
Does “SHAttered” only work for PDF files?
RSA with small decryption exponent
Why is double hashing universal hash function still a universal hash function?
What are the steps for finding points on finite field elliptic curves?
E-voting: public tallying vs. vote selling
Traitor tracing - determining a set of codewords
Peikert's framework for attacks on R-LWE
Can I use signature(hash(message)) instead of signature(message)?
RSA System in cryptography architecture
How would I encode RSA private key, given that I know the decimal representation of all of its components?
Mathematics behind end-to-end encryption
High-latency anonymous communication minimum delay?
Is a symmetric cryptographic code secure if only the sender and recipient know the method used to encrypt?
What does "overwhelming" mean in cryptography?
Zero-Knowledge proof with the paillier cryptosystem
Is following MAC schemes formed by MAC schemes secure?
usefulness of a collision attack that's not also a 2nd pre-image attack
Is there a recommendation or standard for using SCRYPT as an unbounded length KDF and not a fixed length authentication hash?
How to factor an RSA256 public key with YAFU?
Why do we always prove cryptographic protocols via completeness and soundness?
Sylow theorems in (Z/pZ)*
What's the difference between word-oriented and byte-oriented ciphers?
Is a modulo addition safe for the encryption of private keys?
Are there any authenticated stream ciphers that use the same PRF for MAC and cipher?
Is there a standard, or widely accepted convention, for magic constants in crypto software?
Impossibility vs implaussiblity
Homomorphic encryption and approximated GCD
ECC certificate works with all browsers and ssl labs- but not chrome
linear cryptanalysis of hash function
Find inverse in RSA
How to prove correct decryption in Paillier cryptosystem
"128-bit security" or "128 bits of security"?
Homomorphic encryption and approximated GCD 2
Boolean Circuits vs Arithmetic Circuits
Toy Tetragraph hash
What is a nonce-respecting adversary?
Telegram VoIP key exchange
Number of functions included in a keyed PRF
Why are there so many different elliptic curves?
Is there a message size limit with elliptic-curve-based public-key encryption?
What is the role played by cache misses in memory-hard password hashing?
Design a simplified version of the protocol for secure addition
Does the McBits cryptosystem work without permutation matrix?
What is the "correct" way to authenticate hybrid encryption?
Why isn't the maximum security of triple DES 48 * 2 vs 56 * 2?
many time pad attack
Are convergently-encrypted ciphertexts safe from collision attacks?
CPA vs CCA attack of an encryption scheme
Is the following construction of a secure PRG is also a secure PRG?
NTRU key size (confused)
Brute-forcing Symmetric Keys
What is mac-and-continue?
Hash Function Properties
Linear Related Message Attack on RSA
How did SHA-1 'feed' Blum Blum Shub
Is quantum randomness different to conventional randomness?
Difficulty of a congruence problem
Complexity: Taylor series and security proofs
How to implement automorphisms technique in SEAL?
On getting beyond LSB in discrete log
Verifying authentication by just using the root of a Merkle tree
Speck32 with low-entropy messages
SHA3 HMAC key padding
What type of data encoding could it be?
Number of generators of an elliptic curve
Uniform Distribution and discrete Gaussian distribution for NTRU
Basic Public key question
Does encrypting data multiple times using different passwords increase security?
Can private data be encrypted and stored safely in public?
PBEWithHmacSHA512AndAES_128 and AES Modes like GCM
Why are key lengths in asymmetric algorithms typically longer than key lengths in symmetric algorithms?
Revocation in Idemix and U-prove
Elliptic Curve Point at Inifnity in Projective Coordinates
Mitigating private key loss for the average non-technical user
Where do key generation algorithms take the randomness from?
Paillier paper: Number Theoretic Lemma doesn't seem to work
What is the advantage of a probabilistic PKC over a traditional PKC?
BEAST Attack: from guessing to decoding
Range proof without knowing randomness
Security of semantically secure ciphers when the attacker knows the relation between plaintexts
Explain Garbled circuit having function and single input?
Proof of knowledge outside of Zero Knowledge
Enc-Mac (AES CTR+CBC) mixing AES-256 and AES-128 and splitting keys
Prove the size of a message in a succinct way
Why are Random Oracle not achievable in practice?
Security of deterministic encryption that uses CBC mode and plaintext as iv
Is there a specification for the "BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY" format?
Are there any known values for common hashes known to have no preimage
Who defined semantic security?
Frobenius Map on BN Curve sextic twist?
Why is the seed masked in OAEP
Specifications for key management
3-round DES: what bit do we find? (Regarding matsui's Paper on Linear Cryptanalysis of DES)
Is there a floating point CSPRNG?
Token generation using Mac?
If p mod 4 = 3, does choosing a=1 in the parameters of EdDSA really achieve best performance?
Authenticated encryption using asymmetric keys
What is the cost of encrypting of long message with public-key cryptography?
Is fixed key AES in counter mode a PRG?
Traitor tracing - codeword properties
How long would it take for a sha256 digest loop to reach the original hash or start cycling?
Generating irreversible unique id based on fingerprint template
Count the functions that have an entry with a specific structure
Why would someone prove security in the real-ideal model instead of Universal Composibility framework?
birthday attack again
Distributing shares in a particular monotone access structure
DRM simple clone
Recover key given partial key, IV and cipher text using CBC mode
how secure is Twofish really?
What is the correct way to implement PBKDF2 + AES CBC + HMAC?
Generating 64 bit random values using AES-CTR
What is the significance of the value $1/2$ within the first property of a LLL-reduced basis?
Fiat-Shamir vs Common Reference String to make NIZK
Difference between public coin and common coin?
Construction of a MAC with decryption mode of a block cipher
LWE status versus modern deployed crypto
Using RSA keys for Broadcast Encryption?
Key strenth in Cipher cascades (Veracrypt)
Security of RSA Keys in OpenSSL
Can HMAC confirm data existence?
Fair exchange vs Exchange of secrets
openssl sha1 message digest not matching with NIST vector input?
Raw signature of public key vs full certificate
How Pairwise Transient Key is derived or generated?
An attack an encrypted classified data in a theoretical situation
How well do ARX algorithms preform (in terms of diffusion)?
What are the implications of an encrypted private key being released?
Securing http session id's by appending HMAC hash?
Proof that in El Gamal DDH implies CPA
Threshold encryption with threshold on encryption part
How can we efficiently resync a stream cipher
Proving Sigma Protocol on a Schnorr Protocol Variant
MITM defense in Diffie-Hellman protocol
McEliece parameter tuple (n, k, t) through BouncyCastles (m, t, poly)
ESP in tunnel mode
How to apply Pollard's Rho Method on elliptic curves to solve discrete logarithm problem in finite field?
RSA: How do I decrypt this?
UNIX password scheme and encryption function
Using a PRNG for a stream cipher instead of a dedicated algorithm
Can AKE keys provide PFS
Can you help me understand the RSA Broadcast Attack?
When are hash functions considered insecure?
Could be El-Gamal signature scheme constructed via Fiat-Shamir heuristic?
What is difference between Yao's "Garbled Circuit" and ther "Garbling Scheme" given by Bellare et al?
PGP-key-based authentication system
Normalization of points on an Elliptic Curve
O(1) EC Linkable Ring Signature Without Group Manager
Can an RSA encrypted message be altered?
RSA attack excercise
Is it possible to prove the time a message was produced?
Use of extra AES on top of SSL protocol
Modular arithmetic
Relation between decisional SIS and leftover hash lemma in lattices
RSA: Given $n$ and $\varphi(n)$, find $e$ such that $e=d$
Should data encrypted in a database have a MAC?
Protecting authorship of a message
LWE: error and float operations
Why can't they just fix SHA-1 if it's broken?
Is it insecure using addition instead of multiplication in Elgamal encryption?
What's the maximum length for AAD in GCM?
CRS generation for NIZK proof
How can I use an XML detached signature when the file may be stored anywhere?
Curve25519 Base Points calculation
Ed25519 is a signature or just elliptic curve
Why does SHA-2 call for doing 10* padding in addition to appending the message length?
Construction of S-box in AES
Prove the branch of number of Advanced Encryption Standard
Is it possible to unroll stacked XOR'd strings without brute-force?
Why do we need Collision Resistant Hash Function for the Merkle Tree Signature Scheme?
How can I visually explain M of N encryption (Shamir Key Sharing)?
Can TweetNaCl box sender's private key be set to "1" without privacy loss?
Merkle-like hash tree that mirrors existing tree structure
Why TLS finished handshake message contains hash of handshake messages
GCM as a general purpose cryptographic hash?
How to decrypt a code with a given OTP key practically
Would SHA1 be broken by sheer brute force, even if it had no weaknesses of its own?
Restricting symmetric key usage
What type of commitment scheme is it?
Does pairings based cryptography inherently require a CRS/trusted setup?
hashing points of elliptic curves
Protocol for Sharing Blinding Factor with RSA
Public key verification schemes
How to improve entropy on a router running Linux kernel 2.6.x without TRNG or RTC?
Invalid challenge-ciphertext in IND-CPA and IND-CCA games
How to obtain private key in RSA when same message sent three times using same exponent
Securing an end-to-end encrypted cloud based address book
What does the "description of group $G$" includes?
RSA and format of numbers
Create MAC and IV given known IV and MAC for previous message
XEX mode - how to perturb the tweak
Semantically secure, but not CPA secure?
How to check whether the given curve is Elliptic or not?
How to prove security of a randomized encryption algorithm?
MAC providing sender authentication (follow up question)
Does Shamir Secret Sharing provide integrity?
Hardness assumption: Extracting $g^y$ from $g^x, g^{x+y}$?
What is an advantage of MDS matrices in block ciphers?
Linear secret-sharing scheme for four players
Is exposing a constant IV an easy target to attacks?
Authentication in TLS protocol
What are the differences between plain and encrypted private keys?
Can I derive an IV as a segment counter for AES256-GCM?
Translation based block cipher
Is a PRG that reveals the first bit of the input secure
In a Feistel cipher structure, what exactly does the "round function $F$" do?
extract password hashed in scrypt using hash and salt
Diffie-Hellman: Should the subgroup have prime order?
Can a attacker compute a hash from another hash of the same plaintext (both using different salt)?
Understanding calculation of collisions in hash-functions
Can we widen hash functions with concatenation?
Bit slice format of 4x4 s-boxes?
Elgamal attack example with ciphertexts
How to configure a client browser cert to be authenticated by a server?
Zero Knowledge Proof AND Diffie Helmann?
Verify signature from set of public keys, but not revel which specific key it was
Using crypto to build a clone resistant system
Pseudo-random permutation of a range
What is wrong with my Elgamal signature example?
Pseudo-random generator explanation by Bruce Schneier
Differential or Truncated Differential Attack On Small Cipher
Question about IV/initialization vectors
Given non-interactive zero-knowledge proofs as a primitive, wouldn't signatures be easily implemented with hashes?
Is CBC mode with a fixed IV secure, if a counter is prepended to the plaintext?
Is there any simple interactive zero-knowledge proof?
Are there any attacks on the key exchange when the client and the server are using the same private key?
What is the key size currently used by RSA and Diffie-Hellman for secure communication over Internet?
How long does the password be to have n-bits entropy?
What kind of encryption function is also used for decryption?
I have a encryption png file
Rabin fingerprint preimage with given length and alphabet
One-direction same size encryption algorithm that allows for partial replay
Pollard's kangaroo attack on Elliptic Curve Groups
How to change the policy value of a CA identity in apple keychain?
Is it safe to use pairing-based cryptography in a commercial product?
addition on finite elliptic curves
Perfect secrecy with XOR & SHIFT?
Can someone explain the "three-for-two" trick used by the DGHV scheme authors to squash the decryption circuit?
Can AES-CTR add values without decryption?
Breaking Ransomware encryption
Discrete logarithm with unknown base
Provably Secure Post-Processing of a True Noise RNG?
Could one build a symmetric encryption system that is competitive with the AES by randomly applying Toffoli-like gates?
Security of SWIFFT Hash Function
Calculate RSA private exponent when given public exponent and the modulus factors using extended euclid
PKCS1 v 1.5 Signature questions
Trouble understanding range proof of Greg Maxwell's Confidential Transaction
Does the size of a file influence the randomness if used as random input?
Secure hash function into $\mathbb{Z}_q$
why ransomwares are still problematic?
Efficiently formatting data so that each byte is critical
TLS handshake parallelization
Count elements with a given order in the multiplicative group $n=pq$ (RSA)
4th Root of RSA Modulus Attack algorithm
What is a u-coordinate within Elliptic Curve Diffie-Hellman using the Montgomery ladder
Is creating an authentication-key (mac) from the encryption password a vulnerability?
Is there a way to find $a$ and $b$ keywords in an affine cipher when only ciphertext but no plaintext is known?
How does the sponge construction avoid the weaknesses present in Merkle–Damgård hash function?
Do we always use Sophie-Germain primes $1\bmod 4$?
Does security against a CCA1 attacker imply security against a CPA attacker?
On discrete logarithm problem
TLS1.3 encrypted handshake
How was the GCM polynomial found?
Path ORAM asymptotics for arbitrary block sizes
Is the output of ISAAC still secure if I take the 32 bit number mod 8?
What does it mean the security parameter for a FHE scheme?
Hardware random number generator for lottery?
How much safer is RSA-OAEP compared to RSA with PKCS#1 v1.5 padding?
How to explain just how secure AES is in layman terms?
RSA Duplicate-Signature Attack
Computing the powers of hash (ripemd-160) function
Implementation of a side channel attack?
Elgamal decryption computations for big numbers
Can we use different mode for decryption instead of using mode which is used in encryption?
Password protected Excel files
Is it a vulnerability (for message authentication) to have a variable iteration-count for PBKDF2?
Interpretation of message space distribution in the definition of perfect secrecy of encryption schemes
Why do MD5 and SHA-3 use different padding schemes?
security for PRF when key is changed often
Verify authenticity of TLS/HTTPS communication
Can I verify that digital object exists before a given date?
How do I properly calculate an inverse element for curve25519 when implementing Sphinx password store protocol?
Why do we need to go through multiple cycles in block cipher
How to determine the multiplicative inverse modulo 64 (or other power of two)?
Create digital signature with input from multiple users?
What are best known attacks for finding partial target pre-image?
How do I use AES-256-CTR correctly?
Sequential public key generation with secret private keys?
Semantic constraints and authentication
Authenticated file encryption scheme
I think I'm trying to find the C in an RSA cipher to find the key for an aes_128_ecb cipher, can anyone tell me if I'm on the right track?
Difference between secure PRG and and semantically secure
Availability of C(2e,1s) KE protocol
Why plain RSA encryption does not achieve CPA-security?
Proof of $\sqrt{\pi/2}$ in birthday paradox?
Is PBKDF2/RFC 2898 broken because SHA1 is broken?
Hiding the metadata of a one time pad message by encrypting the next key
Is TLS finished message encryption at record protocol redundant?
What is the difference between a Stream cipher and a Symmetric Encryption algorithm?
Why does LastPass hash their passwords with PBKDF2 this way?
Retrieving the 3DES decryption key from plaintext and ciphertext?
Why did they choose $x^4+1$ for the MixColumns step in Rijndael/AES?
Is there an asymmetric encryption that works in a reverse way of RSA (encrypt using private key and decrypt using public key)?
Only allow specific types of data to be transmitted via an end-to-end encryption service
Given plain text of given cipher text, can AES key be uncovered?
Share Conversion between Different Finite Fields
Which cryptographic operations can be optimized with a GPU? When shouldn't it be done?
problem similar to DLP
Is it possible to derive an asymmetric algorithm from a symmetric one?
Paillier equality test under the same key
Post-Quantum Primitives' Object Sizes
Draw/Lottery with hidden but provable outcome?
Affine Cipher formula for numbers
Generate random numbers whose sum is equal to a constant value modulo n
If RSA Signature is not Decryption, why is it not advisable to use same keys for enc/dec and sig/ver?
TLS: Does Diffie-Hellman make private keys useless
Help in decrypting this message: "e811339cf0258d2977fdefcd110c0e17daa5de81"?
Encrypted messaging web app design
How to calculate initial RC5 encryption parameters?
Shamir's Secret Sharing - Proactive and dealer-free
Why is Ring-LWE more efficient compared to LWE?
How secure is this block cipher?
Is this function a secure PRF?
Discrete Logarithm Problem or just integer exponentiation problem?
Demystifying homomorphic multiplication in RNS FV variant
ECDSA Verification - Last Steps
plain textbook RSA signature with a fixed format input
Looking for the inverse of the following equation
Are quantum preimage attacks on hash-based random oracles serious for lattice signatures?
Goofs that could creep in ECDSA signature verification?
What is the difference between lightweight tweakable block cipher and tweakable block cipher?
Are there conventions for signing JSON as a tree, to allow proofs of signed subtrees?
Hash functions in XEdDSA and VXEdDSA Signature Schemes
What is the length of the SHA-1 message digest and how is RSASSA-PSS used for verification?
Understanding the definition of polynomially CPA (IND-CPA) security
Concatenating a hash function for generating one hash for multiple files
Why does SpongeWrap not need a Nonce?
Average number of multiplications in left-to-right k-ary exponentiation
Why TLS uses in-band handshake signalling
Provable Security: concrete approach vs asymptotic approach
Are applications aware of data records received before and after tls rehandshake?
Ignorant Biologist in need of AES-128 CBC PKCS5 encryption key
Can you really trust WhatsApp's end-to-end encryption?
Which Attribute Based Encryption method is better for broadcast encryption? (KP-ABE or CP-ABE)
How to provide security against malicious adversary in Ring LWE homomorphic encryption scheme?
What is the difference between perfoming Correlation Power Analysis (CPA) in the first AES round and doing it in the last round?
Preventing predictable modifications to AES encrypted data
Is this MAC secure?
Is there a flaw in this ring signature scheme?
A Simple Provably Secure Key Exchange Scheme Based on the Learning with Errors Problem
How to generate 1024-bit RSA key
Modelling broadcast functionality in Universally Composable Framework
Total password count, given length and pool size
Encryption in ABE
Why does the DBDH simulator have half the advantage of an adversary?
Does RSA - the company - know the $p$ and $q$ used to create $n$ ($p$ and $q$ being prime)
Standard hash function of Linux
SECP256K1 Jacobian algorithms
Garbled circuits: How can the sender safely retrieve the output?
How do Alice and Bob perform key exchange through a third-party (server) in end-to-end encryption?
Simple reversible algorithms that satisfies SAC
(Re) How to validate AES decryption was successful?
Does DTLS Change_Cipher re-transmission use same epoch as original one or the new one?
Performance consideration in XEdDSA and VXEdDSA Signature Schemes
Number of cycles in cipher feedback mode (CFB)
Safe primes in RSA
zero-knowledge proof of disjunctive statements (OR proofs)
Multiple Rainbow Tables and their Success Probability
Attacks on RSA with partially known plaintext
Should I be using RSA to Encrypt and ECC to Sign?
Cryptographic notation in X3DH Key Agreement Protocol
Concatenation of multiple shorter hashes vs a single long hash
Cipher feedback mode with shift registrers
Deniability and Prekey Security in X3DH Key Agreement Protocol
Understanding the definition of Schnorrs identification protocol
Is there a good reason not to mention that ECC is weaker than RSA on a quantum computer?
Using caesar crypt, then encrypting the output with pgp, then encrypting that with aes256
X509 CertificatePolicies, IssuerAlternativeNames, BasicConstraints extensions. What is done when Issuer signs?
Agglomerate zksnarks
Why do we need key scheduling?
Is a password cyphered by itself as secure as hash?
Is it possible to combine digital signature to provide message addition?
How the condition $s \geq 8$ is determined in Lindner-Peikert cryptosystem?
Length extension attack SHA-1 message division with padding problem?
Key generation on rebalanced RSA-CRT
Does Paillier Homomorphic Encryption Work only with numbers?
Procedure that does encryption
Are there any online, single pass, AE with associated data auth?
Verify membership of an item within a set while obscuring the number of elements in the set?
Difference between $Z^*_n$ and $Z_n$
Format Preserving Encryption after compression algorithm?
How to encrypt video using RSA
How to Encrypt WAV file using One-time Pad Algorithm
Why haven't any SHA-256 collisions been found yet?
Algorithms to securely derive symmetric keys
How to authenticate indivisual value after applying homomorphic encryption using Paillier homomorphic
How Mutual authentication and Forward secrecy in The X3DH Key Agreement Protocol work?
Amount of key expansion rounds in AES
Does humanly verifiable one time pad authentication exist?
How to make cookies tamper-proof and secure by using encryption and hash / MAC
Is it possible to figure out whether a plain TCP packet is (aes) encrypted or not?
SHA-3 block sizes / bitrate calculation?
Understanding Password Complexity
Cipher Block Chain continued Initialization Vector
Key generation algorithm based on bytes in a drive
Cross, Benes and Butterfly permutation. How make it?
A practical algorithm for proof of age
Is the "Pico" alternative to passwords vulnerable to man-in-the-middle?
FHMQV-C \sigma calculation - Full Dual Exponential Challenge Response (FDCR) signature schemes-
challenge response for RSA
How to rigorously prove that $Enc_{\Pi'(k)}(M) = Enc_{\Pi(k)}(M) || LSB(k)$ is CPA secure assuming $\Pi$ is?
hash collision chance using a 5 chars hash made of a-z A-Z and 0-9 (62 chars total)
AES mode which verifies data integrity AFTER decryption
Is there any way to have a coded string such that it can be decoded in multiple ways?
Privacy of vote from tallying authority in El Gamal Voting Schemes
Special-purpose witness encryption without multilinear maps
Why is Keccak-f reversible?
Examples of Web Crypto API on IE11
Understanding an encryption technique algorithm
If the plaintext contains the key used to encrypt the ciphertext, is the ciphertext easier to decrypt?
How to avoid carrying malicious data hidden in a key
CSPRNG made out of Block Cipher running in CTR Mode?
PRNGs which are not CSPRNG
Good Hash and making a bad hash
Possible to identify cryptographic keys in non-random binary data?
Isaac nth number from run
Advantages of Montgomery Ladder-based Scalar Multiplication
Can ECC correctness issues allow “remote attackers to spoof ECDSA signatures”?
Why are vectors approximately orthogonal after Gaussian lattice reduction?
Challenge to prove possession of file
Hash length vs Data length
How much time will it take to brute force a password
Will knowing clear text value behind encrypted data help hacker find password?
How to decrypt a string given as part of a game/prank?
Perfect Secrecy with 1 Time Complex Secret Cypher
Would the Intel SHA extensions help in creating SHA1 collisions?
Which is the most overall 'compatible' encryption type?
Why do we use $a=1$ in elliptic curves?
Is modulus switching feasible for plaintext space larger than $\{ 0, 1 \}$?
Yao's Garbled Circuit with different outputs
Steganography - How many bytes of information can you hide in a $1024 \times 768$ photo?
Generate ANF from SBox
Why is a hash of blocks - with index - weaker than hashing the entire thing?
Why does lattice KEX not require sampling with high precision?
Using a non cryptographic PRNG for randomized algorithms
Why do people worry about the exceptional procedure attack if it is not relevant to ECDSA?
Are there any issues to doing 2 rounds of AES128? How is the security compared to AES256?
An alternative hashing method, how does it compare?
Can I overcome ElGamal malleability with AES preprocessing?
Why NaCL does not provide anonymous public key cryptography?
NIST's Recommendations for Protection of CLASSIFIED Data?
Is the subset of hash digest collision-resistant if hash function is collision-resistant?
AES vs RSA - Which is stronger given two scenarios?
Is there a public key encryption for permutations which is homomorphic under permutation composition?
How different is SHA512/224 when compared with SHA512?
Fast Symmetric Encryption Algorithms: My Options
NIST's Methods for Key Wrapping?
PPT vs NP problems
Where to store sensitive keys in a device?
Should a certificate be validated every time it is used?
Encrypting a small value $m\in\{1,\dots,100\}$ using textbook RSA
How do fast multiplication algorithms deal with cryptanalysis?
Is there a recommended cryptoperiod for HMAC hashing keys?
Do I need to worry about the IV if I use a 32 byte random salt with SCrypt and AES-GCM?
Optimal MDS matrix - circulant or recursive?
Encryption and decryption example using the Pohlig-Hellman Exponentiation Cipher
Design the Pohlig-Hellman Exponentiation Cipher
What exactly is a quantum key distribution network for?
hyperelliptic curve scalar multiplication
How many pairs of ${b_i}^k \equiv g_i\pmod p$ are enough to solve discrete logarithm problem?
Can someone help me understand how to get the I/O relation equations in DES S- boxes
The input parameters of AES encryption / decryption
Security estimation of LWE using "On dual lattice attacks against small-secret LWE and parameter choices in HElib and SEAL"
Can a raw ECDH shared secret be used directly for encryption?
Is this simple memory-hard function good?
Password Entropy in bits for passwords of a certain structure
Creating your own encryption and decryption algorithm
Does QUIC use a 96-bit MAC tag? If so, what are the implications?
Argon2i versus Argon2d?
Thermal noise random
Is there any reduction from Short Integer Solution to $\textrm{SIVP}_\gamma$
Why use RSA-2048 for plaintext when AES-256 is much more secure?
Pros and Cons of Block Cipher's Mode of Operations?
Key Exchange & key Distribution in symmetric key cryptography
Use of Same Key for CTR and CBC-MAC in CCM Mode of Operation?
Protection of Nonce in CCM Block Cipher Mode of Operation?
Constructing Garbled Circuits
Are there any attacks / weak points with HMAC-SHA3?
Cracking RSA ciphertext without a public key
zero knowledge proof application
Factorizing a handiwork number $n$ in two prime factors
Decrypt SHA1 Base64 Hash
Security of zero knowledge proof protocols
How to reverse x XOR (x >>> 1) XOR (x >>> 2)
Zero-Knowledge Proof of a Turing Machine
Can timestamping provide evidence of absence before a certain time?
Security of stream cipher with a priori knowledge of message
Second Preimages on n-bit Hash Functions by John Kelsey and Bruce Schneier
Must a key for a HMAC-SHA256 digest kept secure?
Use Microsoft word and digital certificates to notarize documents (USA)
Uncovering file hidden in .BMP
is there cryptography algorithm space /input invariant?
Blake2B as a KDF
ECB attack to bank transfer
XOR a set of random numbers
Converting NewHope/LWE key exchange to a Diffe-Hellman-like algorithm
A Simple Provably Secure Key Exchange Scheme Based on the LWE
Self-shrinking generator
Why are elliptic curves over a field of characteristic 2 or 3 insecure?
Security of Diffie-Hellman when one party has a flawed RNG (compared to TOFU)
What's a good strategy for the game "spyfall"?
Are low degree I/O relations in AES possible?
Formal Information-Theoretic Key Expansion Definition
Attacks on Biased OTP
Help with RSA step
Dead-Man's Switch Cryptography?
Exploiting AES with IV similar to password and fixed key
Hash function for sets with efficient membership testing
ed ≡ 1 modλ(n) stuck
What does "bits" mean in the context of hash functions?
ElGamal signature - show that $(\gamma, \delta)$ signs $m$
Are one-time pads crackable in theory?
How do I construct and use the Okamoto protocol simulator?
Decryption that is easy for humans and hard/impossible for computers
XOR instead of Multiplication in ElGamal encryption
Securely re-using a shared key with NaCl
Is it easy to factorize a number of the form $n = t^{2} \cdotp p$?
What is logical key hierarchy (LKH)?
What is a wide block cipher and why does it avoid birthday bound problems?
Why use Phi(m) divide Order(p, m) to get slot number in HElib?
Free Start Collision In SHA-3
Challenge Response at Application Layer of BLE using ECDSA
Set an initialization vector to HMAC/SHA different from default in Java
Pairing on FourQ
What is the malicious potential of a key-substitution-attack?
Generating HMAC-SHA256 - is this procedure secure enough?
Why can't different messages result in the same ciphertext when encrypted with RSA?
Why are the IV (constant) values fixed for HMAC/SHA?
Is DSA vulnerable if verifier doesn't check r' > 0?
How much entropy do you need for a secure certificate generation?
Is ChaCha20 safer than AES with respect to side-channel attacks?
How to encode bivariate polynomial in Predicate Encryption and Inner Product?
Performing a cryptographically secure HMAC using multiple input parameters
CCA2-secure encryption based on LWE/Ring-LWE
diffie hellman digital signatures vs MACs
In-browser public key encryption
Can public key help attackers to break RSA encryption faster?
NIST Test Vectors for SHA2 and SHA3
How secure is SHA1? What are the chances of a real exploit?
For RSA, is there a specified size range for $p$ and $q$ when calculating $N$?
How exactly are public and private keys used to encrypt and the decrypt data?
How to save the data in a non-trustworthy db, so the next time I read from the db, I know that I've read actual and not an old version of the data?
What are the dangers of using CPU clock drift for generating random data?
Why is this scheme not IND-CCA2 secure
What is the time complexity of the RC6 encryption?
How is a sponge construction better than cycling the output of a hash back to the input?
Is there any benefit to *really* strong passwords?
How to Check Strength of RSA Public Private Key
How many Affine function can be made from $4 \times 4$ and $8 \times 8$ S-boxes?
principles of fingerprinting
Signature verifying against multiple certified public keys?
Creating a k bit random string
What are some of the best prime factorization algorithms and their effecitvity
Storing Ciphertext in Firebase - Key Choice and Storage
Can the birthday attack be extended in this case?
Formal verification of elliptic curves. Depence on the equation form
Perfect Deniability of a MAC
Signing an exchanged symmetric key that is asymmetrically encrypted
Is this an acceptable way to increase the block size of a block cipher?
if ABE scheme based on RSA generate constant secret key will get better resutls than schemes based on Elliptic curve?
Equivalance Operator - Perfect Secrecy
Why are ECB CBC and CFB parallelizable?
Pseudorandomness of ring learning with errors
How can I generate reasonably short temporary unlock codes?
encode plaintext with ecb
Perfect Deniability of a MAC Protocol
What are the vulnerabilities of XOR in the following scenario?
Hash functions and polynomial division
Length of ElGamal signature compared to RSA signature
GMW Protocol with semi honest adversaries
Lower Bound on the Probability an LWE Matrix is Primitive
How to determine the shift key to decrypt a ciphertext which was encrypted using Caesar cipher?
Guaranteed decryption time schedule
Byzantine agreement implies Broadcast channel [Consesus]
How to know the type of encryption method
Double-CBC as AES-KW Substitute?
Elliptic Curve Isogenies, Frobenius endomorphism relation to characteristic equation
Fuzzy Extractor: Order of elements in set
Can key-wrapping help to securely change passphrase used to generate encryption key?
Brute force, get AES keys by multiple plain-texts with their cipher-texts
Can I truncate a CSPRNG psuedorandom number?
Should I be using PKCS1 v1.5 or PSS for RSA signatures?
Why do we need a digital signature?
What's the difference between trapdoor and encryption?
Birthday attack to find near collision
Is Poly1305 an information-theoretically secure MAC?
Are there any deterministic multi-block encryption constructions that have an avalanche effect going both ways?
Is it bad to expose the public key?
Minimizing size of signed message with discrete-log scheme
What is the most important piece of information in a X.509 certificate?
What's the advantage of branching program? Why we use branching program to compute the encrypted data?
which exponent to be used for RSA e =3 or 65537 for RSASSAPSS signature verification
How long to wait to feed hashing using SHA 256?
Offline session key agreement protocol
Can compressed data be made to look like random data?
Is cryptographic function used in MAC/HMAC public knowledge?
What is the hard problem for this algebraic encryption construct?
More general - what is the hard problem of recovering r from r*p mod q?
Machine learning to break imperfect randomness
Security analysis of LWE with unequal error and secret distribution
Simple but effective ciphers
Is there a digital time-stamping scheme that does not rely on a time-stamping authority?
Why are ephemeral/session/temporary keys useful?
Fuzzy Extractor constructor for sequence reconciliation
Security implications of storing an ssh passphrase
Why do Feistel ciphers need round keys?
AES256 will double the size of photo after encryption?
Encrypted TrueCrypt HDD and processor performance
Steganography in speech by adding extra "filler" syllables
Why can ECDSA public keys be sent over an insecure network, while ECDSA is used to sign ECDH public keys to securely be transported over the network?
Finding $x$ such that $g^x\bmod p<p/k$?
How to compute result in last step of Socialist millionaires problem?
Fortuna: Reseeding
Difference between Tweak and nonce
Computing Logarithm using homomorphic encryption
Sum probability
Making brute force attacks less effective through obfuscation?
Perfect secrecy with some considerartion
How does threshold decryption with secretly shared exponents actually work?
NIZK proof for cipher randomisation
Authenticating PBKDF2 params from the server
Batching in LWE based Crypto-System
Security of Schnorr signature versus DSA and DLP
Do PBKDF2 keys generated at a lower iteration count leak information?
Is $a b + e \mod P$ hard to invert?
Is there a way to verify an original author using encryption?
Fortuna: With Single entropy source
Pencil & paper spyfall
Does hashing a compromised rng and a secure rng give cryptographically secure random output?
Effect of small secret attacks on non homomorphic encryption schemes
Hash then Sign approaches
How many times does a hash function have to be evaluated?
Key size vs output size of a MAC
Birthday attack for combination of hashes
What makes a hash like SHA1 resistant to collisions?
Ensuring no unintended leaking before authentication
Indeterminate Message Validity as a Noise Source in High Volume Channels
Endomorphism ring of a Elliptic Curve and $j$ invariant
What is a differential trail?
How to attack a two time pad if the plain text is randomized?
Provably Secure Password Authenticated Key Exchange Based on RLWE for the Post-QuantumWorld
Is there a KDF that can be computed in an untrusted environment?
Are Lagrange Multipliers necessary for Shamir's secret sharing?
Public Key Encryption scheme with small messages among many parties
Value of $t$ in Fuzzy Exractor
Fixed point of the SHA-256 compression function
Could a larger block size increase the security of the block cipher?
A Zero knowledge proof for set membership?
How many computations does it take to figure out the input if you know the function and you know its output to another known function?
Decrypting partial message.
Homomorphic set hash with membership proof
Cryptographic Tagging of Information over an Insecure Channel
Just how surjective is a cryptographic hash like SHA-1?
Shamir Secret Sharing data limitations per share?
Is it a good or bad idea to include a password's salt in the calculation of a MAC?
Are quantum computers a sign that we should phase out RSA?
AES ShiftRow Confusion
Prove the Security of Schnorr's Signature Scheme
Using states of a double pendulum as a one-way function
How safe is XOR with multiple independent but non random keys?
Is this schema secure?
Why is padding used in CBC mode?
Extracting randomness from highly-biased RNG
Why is the El Gamal commitment scheme information theoretically binding?
Is there a way of increasing the time to brute force a cipher, but by increasing the ciphertext size instead of the key size?
Should AES-CMAC key cryptoperiod be affected by MAC truncation to avoid birthday-attacks?
Does High Frequency Randomisation of valid and dummy messages in a high volume channel add security?
What's the difference between polylogarithmic and logarithmic?
AES CBC mode is good for encrypting 15-20mb files and then sending it in parts?
Does still make sense to use SHA1?
AES CBC with unique key per message, but fixed IV
Are pairings still the most efficient implementation for identity and attribute-based encryption?
Is there a standard one way function that does not produce collision
How does ECC go from decimals to integers?
How to find breaking complexity of N bit sequence?
How long would it take to brute force an AES-128 key?
Different ways for modular exponentiation $A^E$ with negative A's
How much faster in symmetric cryptography compared to asymmetric cryptography?
Fully Homomorphic Encryption: Going from an integer to bits
Practical solution to store a highly valuable message: what am I missing?
Does the exact distribution of padding bytes in PKCSv1.5 type 1 matter?
What is the purpose of the middle-man actor in chaffing and winnowing?
For encryption with a passphrase, should you re-use the same salt for key generation?
XOR Encryption with bcrypt password de-biasing
Shamir secret sharing with two types of parties
RSA common protocol failure exam preparation
Elliptic curves with pairings at 128-bit security in libpbc?
Is deterministic encryption appropriate for low entropy plaintext when CPA is not a concern?
ECDSA private key format
Is CMAC vulnerable to length extension attacks?
Why does the ZUC need an initial vector?
Is it secure to ECDSA-sign a public key without hashing it first?
How important is length and complexity of personal password for AES-256 encryption?
Can multiple hashing weaken the password?
What is the best way to derive a encryption key from the serial number?
Breaking an addition-based cipher with two ciphertexts but no known plaintext
Could there be a floating point CSPRNG?
Secret sharing where the combination of shares matters
When is an RNG a CSPRNG, a CSRNG, or a TRNG?
Designing of Password Authenticated Key Exchange (PAKE) Schemes?
Is there a block cipher mode that doesn't use the key input of the block cipher?
Is it possible to have interactive decryption?
Increasing the brute force search time by repeatedly using an an all-or-nothing transform as padding
Memory-hard password hash in practice?
Point-at-infinity in the scalar multiplication
Prove that this protocol based on square roots modulo $n$ is zero knowledge
How is the zero-knowledge proof definition violated, here?
sign data and append certificate VS sign data and certificate
Custom AES 128 encryption
Finding Small Roots of Multivariate Polynomial Modulo an Integer in Sage (Coppersmith's Attack on RSA)
RSA4096 vs AES256 for secure Chat application?
The computational complexity of discrete log
Amateur question: Constant two way cryptography
Reversing decryption function involving XORs and bit rotations?
what does the leading byte represent for the initial point G?
Does the timing of cycle-walking pose a threat?
A novel encryption method using only a (huge) lookup table. Is this remotely secure?
Is there a security risk associated with using a PBKDF for an AES encryption key and Sha256 for a hash using the same password text?
Linear congruential generator with non constant increment
Wikipedia's double-and-add point multiplication algorithm for elliptical curves
Is a composition of PRGs itself a PRG?
Prove you computed $hash^r(input)$ for some cryptographic hash function
How to prove a pseudo-random function has certain expansion factor
Elliptic curve cryptography for encrypting audio
Are there special techniques to factor numbers of this form?
Could someone please explain test vectors of NIST for RSASSA-PSS 1024 bit?
Writing encrypted data in place
Is there a construction for a variable length block cipher that uses a fixed length one?
Why is a certificate needed at client side
Highest prime number calculated on a regular PC
discrete logarithm problem of ecc
S-box basic question
Multiple private keys with RSA
Does there exist a deterministic, invertible function $\{0,1\}^n \rightarrow \{0,1\}^n$ that is not a bijection?
Why is PRESENT 31 rounds?
Re-encryption without knowing the secret
representing binary finite fields in ASN.1
Prime extension field encoding ASN.1
Which curve is used for ECDH
How to start a classical cryptanalysis on a Substitution + Shift cipher?
Bilinear Form: Weil pairing
Timing-Safety in JVM-Languages
multi-theorem vs single-theorem for non-interactive zero knowledge
Which MAC to choose?
Final permutation table example with DES
How to compute the inverse of a polynomial under $GF(2^8)$?
How can I create a block cipher of a reduced size given a fixed length block cipher?
Digital Certificates genereted from Hardware Security Module
Very basic modular example
What mathematics do I need to study in order to understand fully homomorphic encryption?
How digital signatures work
Attack on AES-CBC with small pool of IV
What exactly does s2k do in gpg
Node.js/OpenSSL crypto library equivalent of a Rijndael implementation
Antshares (NEO) algorithm (dbft) - Vulnerability to attacks - Game theory
trying to understand multiplication + reduction in binary finite fields
Inverse of a polynomial using long division over GF(256)
Understanding pseudo-random functions (used in a Oblivious Transfer Protocol)
Parallel Composition of ($\epsilon, \delta$) differential privacy
Finding hash algorithm given password and hash
Shamir Secret Sharing - P not prime
ECIES public key distribution
How to detect type of encryption?
Why did Argon2 win the PHC?
What are the exceptions to Kerckhoffs's principle?
Why use argon2i or argon2d if argon2id exists?
How to crack hash: MD5(MD5(SHA1(SHA1(MD5($pass)))))
Is it feasible to execute a range query over tokenized data?
Is the crypto riot.im claims to use safe?
Is there a guarantee that for each possible hash y there exists a number x such that with hash function H, H(x) = y?
Why using a nonce not more than once in SSL/TLS
What does the "Type 1 query" model on Miles, Sahai, and Zhandry's paper?
Zero knowledge proofs in practice
What is the key derivation function used in GnuPG, and how long may its input be?
Questions about the argon2 options
What is the "successive-configuration relation"?
For security, need a 1-1 crypto-mapping be NP-complete?
Creating certificate: Where is my private key stored?
Finding the IV values for SHA-256
Is it possible to prove that I have half a key to decrypt file, to someone who has other half, without disclosing my part?
How does the Rijndael 192/256 bits block size mix column works?
The purpose of ADATA in GCM
Can GnuPG be used with a login system?
Best complementary algorithm to AES
How to determine the concrete security of lattice cryptosystems?
What happens if you use a password longer then the hash of the KDF?
Find ECDSA PrivKey to PubKey = 0
SHA256 - Which is less impossible?
Online attendance system
Can ECDH be used for authentication?
SHA256 Collisions
What are good sources for properly learning cryptography for a mathematician?
RIsk mitigation: block cypher vs xor
Idiomatic description for an adversary in possesion of a quantum computer?
Why hashing twice?
Public-key format for ECDSA as in FIPS 186-4?
Inversion Free Elliptic Curve Operations
does SHA* collide more or less than a random function?
Can AES ans SHA-2 algorithms be implemented in parallel?
Why does TLS 1.3 use random-looking nonces for AEAD?
Negating the risk of a random 64-bit nonce
What will happen if I use RSA encryption for plaintext larger than RSA bit size?
Getting the Encryption Function From the Decryption Function + Decryption Key + Encrypted Item
Is it generally okay to substitute “like for like”?
show how LWE errors can have a greater impact on result
Does the following Diffie-Hellman problem hold in bilinear groups $G\times G \rightarrow G_T$
Where is HChaCha20 formally defined?
Will reading "Elementary Number Theory" by David M. Burton be useful for Cryptography?
Output size of Salsa20
Can private hashing techniques be used in MySql 2000 server ? Help me decode this?
Question about TLS v1.2 Ciphers on my Web Server
How do I multiply a Twisted Edwards point in Montgomery space?
How many AES-operationes have to be watched for key-exploit by side channel attacks?
Assure Integrity and authenticity
Fuzzy Extractor for Binary Sequence
How to attack Merkle-Hellman cryptosystem if the first element in the superincreasing series is too small?
How to find the secret key and nonce from two messages encrypted using the same nonce?
Lattice Crypto worst case to average case
Relationship between existence of OWFs and OWPs
Are MACs vulnerable to birthday attacks?
How to select "good" bits which pass NIST statistical tests x% of the time?
Password derived hash to encrypt known plaintext as password check
Viability of using One-Time-Pad + HMAC in low-volume IoT communications
Key vs Algorithm when applied to Enigma
For the discrete log zero-knowledge proof, can all challenges be done at once?
Different literature padding for Merkle-Damgard
Long Term Security of Truecrypt's hash function?
Understanding the elliptic curve equation by example
Help with a zero knowledge proof
Verify hash of plaintext through ciphertext
Derive a secret from an RSA private key
What are the problems with Diffie-Hellman groups 3 and 4 (RFC 2409 + RFC 2412)?
Using variable length CBC-MAC, can some block cipher with a fixed k be used as a cryptographic hash function?
signature reconstruction in X.509 certificate with root private key
Big Integer for SHA256
Is SHA 2 suitable for key derivation?
is this function pseudorandom?
Is quantum cryptography unbreakable?
2way cryptography
Is possible to retrieve RSA d knowing m, c, e , n?
Using negative values / unsigned integers to implement SHA-2
A good introduction to Cryptography
Is it hard to get Least Significant Bit for Elliptic Curve Discrete Logarithms?
Key exchange during IKE_AUTH phase of IKEv2
Is there any quantum resistant pen-and-paper or mind cipher?
Using cryptography: How to handle this real life situation?
Can pbkdf2 be used with a fixed salt to give a deterministic slow hash?
Length of key: symmetric vs asymmetric algorithms
Multi-Embedded Xor for Perfect OTP
Does any popular symmetric cipher allow for direct re-ciphering?
Cracking affine cipher with plaintext
Negotiate a secure connection without certificates?
How to truncate MAC to 32 bit?
Standard parameters for Boneh–Lynn–Shacham signature?
How is the SPI determined/negotiated in phase 2 of IKE (v1)?
Is CBC still better than ECB if the key and a large part of the texts are random?
Questions about the certificate authority procedures
Selective Forgery of a Digital Signature - Goldwasser et al
How CL-signature can act as positive & additive accumulator?
how can I draw from a set of characters using a seed for entropy?
What are the advantages of AES128 cascade vs AES256?
Does hashing a weak hash with a stronger hash make it secure?
Schnorr Digital Signature
Difficulty of collision vs preimage vs second-preimage attacks
Can deterministic ECDSA be protected against fault attacks?
Extracting $ x $ given $ g^x, g^{x + y}, y $
Why do the messages in IND-CPA have to be of same length
Sliding windows implementation (Exponentiation by squaring)
In search of platform independent 128-bit hash function
DSS security in comparison to ECDSA or RSA
Default mode of operation in TLS cipher suites
What is meant by "KDF2" vs "PBKDF2"?
About public / private key encryption
Is my XTEA encryption key safe if I publish my firmware both as plain text and encrypted?
Code families in McEliece cryptosytem
Converting a C25519 curve into a NIST-supported curve for FIPS crypto
Is encrypting a secret key and being able to decrypt plain text with it possible?
Why was Vaudenay's original padding oracle attack not exploitable on TLS 1.0?
Would modifying the key of an arbitrary ARX cipher make it harder to break?
How to apply encryption on sensitive data exchange?
R-LWE instantiation with non-power of 2 polynomial
Create broken chain certificates for testing
Frey-Rück Attack (FR-Reduction) - Tate Pairing
Why in cryptographic schemes we always assume that the key and plaintext are independent?
Can a MITM attack be applied to this construction?
How should ECDSA handle the null hash?
How can a system be non-deterministic?
Relationship between a key stream having a high entropy and whether it is cryptically secure in a stream cipher
Is multiple hashings of a cryptographic hash function an acceptable way to increase complexity?
Impact of the hash algorithm on a PRNG
What are usual base64 encryption strategies?
Where did they get numbers for RSA factoring challenge?
Use of shared secret "other" than key creation
Effective period of Mersenne Twister generator output
Basic questions on how asymmetric keys "interact"
Simple compression functions an sponge functions for educational purposes
Proper number of salt bytes for Rfc2898DeriveBytes/PBKDF2
Why would one choose DTLS-SRTP versus just RTP over DTLS?
truncated linear congruential generator
Arbitrary width pseudorandom permutation
What role does the mode of operation play in Veracrypt vs. Bitlocker?
Some Questions about the Veracrypt hash functions
Why is simulation-based security for functional encryption impossible in the standard model?
3 pass protocol
How can I ensure forward secrecy when storing encrypted messages in a public blockchain?
Is creating an OTP of a key to some data a secure secret sharing scheme?
Layered encryption in mixnets with post-quantum cryptography
AES-256 with random key generation instead of hash
Is the following crypto compatible so that I can use the same keys for both products (Wireguard & Libsodium)?
Security of CCM in TLS, in comparison to GCM, SHA or SHA2 for the digest
Corruption bound of MPC when n>2
Rabin encryption when M is not Disjoint to n
PKCS #11 – Deriving a Key where MSB perform encryption and LSB perform CMAC operation?
Is Encrypt(m||k2, k1) secure authenticated encryption?
Can a Password be Derived from a AES key?
Can a stream cipher with a big S-box create ASIC-resistance?
Asymmetric Cryptography
Efficient way to combine collection of hashes into a single hash?
Can Curve25519 be used for pairing-based cryptography?
What are the benefits of algebraic eraser key exchange?
How to use CPA on AES128-CBC with constant Key and IV to leak info?
How does the TLS cipher suite DHE-RSA-AES128-CCM8 work without hashing algorithm
How to find the inverse of f(x) in the NTRU key generation?
Summarize the mathematical problem at the heart of breaking a Curve25519 public key
Direct Anonymous Attestation to replace CA
How to correctly evaluate the security of DH in TLS
Background: Secret Sharing and Multiplication Triples
Seeking key stream as way to reuse a key
Quantum key distribution
Some Questions about salts
Could we break MD5 entirely in the future?
Passphrases, Dictionary attacks and 'bit shift'
Bruce Schneier, encryption, public keys and digital-signature.
What math makes it safe to offer a stolen-password check service?
is DES Faster Than AES on software
How to calculate the key size of my cryptographic system
Encrypted cerficiate signature for server certificate and intermediate certificate in packet capture
Schnorr signatures: multisignature support
AES encryption on mobile vs pc
Found a mistake in a proof about when GGH will decrypt incorrectly
Are there any examples of signature schemes with multiple signing keys but one verification key?
How is Twofish flattening the result of Reed-Solomon MDS matrix multiplication into a 32-bit result?
Activation keys and asymmetric encryption
Store encrypted MAC key inside encrypted file?
Md compliment padding
Recommended way to Implement One Time Password?
Looking at hash output – is Base64 encoding in any way better than HEX encoding?
What are the vulnerabilities of this OTP-like system?
Does the prime modulus have to be bigger that the generator?
Triple DES: Does knowing the plaintext limit my keyspace for brute force?
How does the PRESENT cipher's permutation affect all rounds when it repeats after every three rounds?
Scenario for applying power analysis
ChaCha20-Poly1305 test vectors
Is there a term for "bootstrapping" encryption by storing an encrypted key?
Dilithium signature scheme and timing attacks – Does the running time actually depend on the secret key?
SHA256 IVs / NUMS numbers
What does "hard-coded" mean in the context of garbled-circuit?
Affine cipher : Why it is required to have GCD(a, m) equals to 1
Secret Key Exchange and FIPS or Industry Standard Compliance
Why can't we give block ciphers larger keys?
I am trying to create a simple image encryptor in python result isnt promising
Security of AES counter mode vs. CBC mode
I am not convinced that SHA2/3 or AES256 is secure
About salted passwords
In AES Keyschedule : Infer all round keys and cipher key from last round key
What would be the most efficient way to find two large (2048bit) integers $k$ and $q$ such that $p = kq + 1$ is prime and so is $q$?
Simulator Transcript in ZKP
Has any alternative to RSA and Discrete Logarithm been standardized for deployment?
Leaked bits from other cryptosystems
minimal overhead of ChaCha20 + ECC
With known ciphertext and plaintext, find other party's Three Pass Protocol Key?
secure login procedure
Swap information
Security proof for CBC as a prefix-free PRF
How to pick up random number within range using pseudo-random number sequence
How to compute $a$ in the complex discard method of NIST SP 800-90
Relation between adding base point to itself and scalar multiplications in ECC
Hash function property
how does hkdf generate 2 keys?
Diffie Hellman Problem (DHP) and Discrete Logarithmic Problem (DLP)
Use RSA keys to derive AES key
Why do we keep designing new static s boxes?
How likely is a AES KDF bypass?
Has a SHA256 output ever been found consisting entirely of the same character?
Generating ElGamal parameters in a mix net
How fast can a SHA-256 implementation go?
Why is using an authenticated AES mode better for in-place data protection?
Why is this function pseudo random (PRF)?
Why are the right halves kept unchanged in Feistel networks?
Is there any dedicated research group which is working in energy efficient cryptographic functions?
Certificate Master Public Key with Pairing
CONIKS Prefix Merkle Tree - is it necessary to change tree-wide constant for each update
does cipher code can be use with number?
What is wrong if you use a key in a Caesar cipher that is greater than 26?
How to recognize Authenticated Encryption with Associated Data ciphersuites
Converting a "raw" non-ASN.1 EC private key to a public key?
HMAC versus encrypted hash
Would finding a Merkle-Damgård preimage that doesn't change the initial state allow an attacker to prepend it to any hashed message?
What does it mean when 1 bit goes into an s-box but two (or more) come out?
ElGamal proxy re-encryption
What is the format of the TLS extension field?
The correct use of the term "TLS session"
Understanding linear cipher dencryption process
Are there flaws in (cryptographic) science/engineering/software/research due to pseudo random generators?
What is the difference between signatures and VRF?
Explanation of the EPC Gen2 randomness standard's first rule
Difficulty of finding partially matching ciphertexts for a given plaintext when encrypted with two different keys
Asymmetric code signing also tied to a device
Shake 128/256 Output Length Restrictions
How hackers decrypt encrypted data?
DES Bruteforce attack and false positive keys
Is it possible to construct a $3*3$ MDS matrix in $GF(2^4)$?
What are the "natural language input messages" that were used to derive Streebog's constants?
Rotatable hash-based duplicate check
Questions Regarding Basics of Lattice-Based Cryptography
AES GCM in swift 3
Zero Knowledge Proof - Offline Data
What is the relation between x y and r s in an ECDSA signature?
Is this a good way of splitting a private key into a 2 of 3 scheme?
Reproducing RSA GCD attack (common factor) - real world certificates
How can PUF hardware be proportional to the number of challenge/response bits?
Are tags longer than 128 bit possible for AES-256-CCM and AES-256-GCM?
Who issued the first SSL certificate?
Indistinguishability in the presence of an eavesdropper attack scenario
Montgomery modular multiplication – confusion with subtraction of modulus
argon2 vs scrypt
What algorithm does .NET use to generate primes for RSA and how can I verify it?
Diffie-Hellman key exchange - why is modulo operation necessary?
Authenticated and encrypted radio communications (Non-Internet or TCP/IP)
Estonian e-voting, vote verification system
Downsides of not using deterministic ECDSA signatures for blockchain validation?
TLS 1.3: the key_share in a ClientHello after a HelloRetryRequest
Best method of converting a private key string into a 12 word mnemonic?
Manipulate encrypted file: AES / ECB / PKCS5Padding
How is audio encrypted?
How can a non-crypto-expert implement crypto libraries in a programming language?
Confused about final subtraction of modulus in Montgomery Multiplication, during modular exponentiation
Does it matter whether the KDF salt is integrity protected?
How exactly works the quantum communication done by China?
Why was WEP apparently not reviewed by many cryptographers?
Intuitively what makes indistinguishability obfuscation useful?
TLS Finished message: is it MAC or HMAC
Meet in the Middle Attack on x=2^n + x'
Is a MAC a valid way to ensure tamper-resistance?
What size of initialization vector (IV) is needed for AES encryption?
How can I prove that a set of ciphers are the encryption of a set of plaintexts?
RSA encryption using euclidean alorithm
Generating secure hash using iPhone Secure Enclave
Is TLS 1.2 compression methods in client_hello a mandatory field?
The number of keys generated in TLS 1.2?
Shamir's Secret Sharing on non-prime GF
Are "deterrent" algorithms like NFS and Coppersmith's algorithm actually used in practice?
Are there encryption schemes that can be performed using an adding machine?
Can cryptography help create tamper proof voting systems?
Issues with Seeding Random Number Generator Using Password
Clarification needed in TLS 1.2 key derivation process
A RLWE promise problem
Can Bitcoin mining solve Graph Isomorphism-related problems?
Why does Learning With Errors require a bunch of samples?
Is factorization modulo a product of primes an NP-hard problem?
MD5 - What happens if message is exactly 64bit block size message?
Does a practical collision attack on a cryptographic hash function also mean it fails “indistinguishable from random data”?
How to express a coin flip based random generator mathematically?
Collision on self made hashing function
Usage of pairings in proxy re-encryption algorithm
Why is lattice-based cryptography believed to be hard against quantum computer?
Diffie-Hellman key exchange, choosing the secret key
The difference between MACs vs. HMACs vs. PRFs
Is it known what input for sha256 would yield the same result as no input?
How useful is proxy re-encryption if we end up needing a symmetric key?
What encryption types do I need to fulfill these requirements?
What if message is longer than keystream ?
The parameters included in TLS 1.2 server signature in the ServerKeyExchange
Modulo exponentiation invertibility
Convert numeric value of RSA key to a .key file
Explain Fischlin's Fiat-Shamir like transformation
What is proactive secret sharing scheme?
Please help a complete noob with deniable encryption!
MySQL/MariaDB AES_ENCRYPT() - ECB mode, IV, Padding Oracle Attack Question
Primitive polynomials and irreducible polynomials?
Encrypting messages for multiple recipients
Mixing algorithms for password hashing good or bad?
Can we have single hash function both for data integrity and key derivation function?
What is the intuition of canonical-embedding in homomorphic encryption based on RingLWE?
Can this AES encryption operation be described as being Homomorphic operation?
Proof that a given function is not a OWF
Keys and mixed encoding - security implications
Blowfish, Sboxes and the digits of PI, and the P_Array
Finding if two points on elliptic curve are related
Is there a way or how to predict the output size as a result of encryption?
Incremental RC4 algorithm?
Why is EAX not a generic composition?
Why it is not recommended to create your own random generator number?
Size of bitwise OR between vectors represented as polynomials
Usage of twists at pairing-based cryptography
How to build disk encryption system using forward permutations like Gimli?
How to encrypt this using caesar cipher?
Construction of Isomorphism between Galois Fields
Merkle trees instead of the Sponge or the Merkle-Damgård constructions for the design of cryptorgraphic hash functions
Gaussian elimination to equations with errors
How Far Ahead of Academia Are Government Agencies?
Does a two-way fixed-length hash function exist?
How to encrypt the number one using RSA?
Diffie-Hellmann generator
Secure and efficient encryption of a continuous data stream on behalf of a third party using asymmetric cryptography
Affine Cipher Cryptanalysis
SHA-256 by hand
Reasoning behind SHA-3 state array indexing
What is the intuition behind discrete gaussian distribution for error sampling for lattice based crypto?
SHA256 and RIPEMD160 collisions
CTR and CBC-MAC Demystified
Is there an efficient way to verify the union of two RSA accumulators?
Increasing Entropy of Limited Information / ID
Representing Ed25519 p curve in hexadecimal byte string
Yao's Millionaires' Problem without knowledge of plaintext
Could a C25519/ED25519 cryptographic module be FIPS certified?
How can one construct the weakest S-box ever?
If a SHA256 hash with high entropy is then hashed with one made from low entropy, is the resulting hash higher/same/lower entropy?
What are the differences between Encrypt+Compress and Compress+Encrypt a.When and where do we use them, explain it in a scenario
Multiple signatures on one OpenPGP key. How are they combined? Where are they stored in OpenPGP certificate?
Doubt about published test vectors for gimli hash
Which cascade is safest?
Help me understand how to actually break an XOR/Vigenère cipher
Attack on Cipher with Highly Related RoundKeys
How does OpenPGP handles situation when signatures on one OpenPGP key contradict each other?
Is it possible to sign OpenPGP key without consent of a key owner? If yes, can unsolicited signatures be removed from a key?
Relation between Key-exchange and Public-Key encryption schemes
What real life OpenPGP public key has the biggest amount of signatures on it?
Signing 2x128 bits key vs 1x256
Adding identical homomorphically encrypted inputs
For a typical n-bit symmetric key, how many keys would be considered too weak to use?
what is scyther code for this protocol?
Does key-length recommendation provided by NIST consider quantum computer?
Is the openssl implementation of ECDH missing something?
Combination of two stream ciphers
Verification of homomorphically encrypted computations
What is the key size and security level of attribute-based encryption schemes?
Relative security of this polyalphabetic cipher system?
How do adversary models and security types relate [from InfoSec SE]
If cryptographic hashes are completely unique, could they theoretically be used to transfer data?
Are Two Ciphers Better Than One? i.e. RC4 and AES
How can an amateur introduce a cryptographic algorithm?
What is the advantage of AES-GCM against CPA attack
Encryption in a Distributed PKI?
Index in PRNG output sequence
How to prove that a one way function is uninvertible?
Getting coefficients of Curve25519
Is the concatenation of two one-way functions a one-way function?
ECDSA public key generated with constant prefix?
How can AES-like block cipher without non-linear component be broken?
possibility to encrypt data using AES and RSA frequently?
Rubik's Cube as Encryption
TLS AES_XXX_CCM mode of operation is encrypt-then-mac or mac-then-encrypt?
what is the motivation behind quantum key distribution with Continuous variable?
ZKP of the validity of a decryption key without revealing the message in public
Is there such a thing as "Fast Hashing Algorithm"
Encrypting Keys in a Firmware-Update
Using symmetric-key cryptography
Are zkSNARKS practical?
How is the security of a plaintext of Ring-LWE without an error term?
For TLS AES_CCM mode how does CBC_MAC work when the message length is not aligned to block size?
compact hardware implementation of inversion based 8-bit s-boxes
Is RSA signature as strong as the RSA encryption?
Would a OTP No-Key Protocol work?
Simple secret key encryption with PyNaCl
Suitable Symmetric Algorithm for Encryption
Is ECC over real numbers possible?
Is EC integrated encryption scheme used in practice?
Is there a complete list of Signature Algorithm names?
What does it mean to have "signature verification with RSA-4096" if the key is only 3072 bits long?
How to generate two different keys out of a single password?
Does my code have modulo bias
Practical way to generate random numbers from PRNG which are indistinguishable from true random
Confusion and Diffusion in the AES functions
Multiple public key encryption
How to evaluate the avalanche effect?
Is AES CBC + truncated SHA-256 MAC a good design for embedded sensor networks?
HMAC vs PKDBF2 as the first step towards HKDF
Using 32 hexadecimal digits vs ASCII equivalent 16-character password
Commuting hash and encryption function?
are all elements of ZpxZp in ECC definite over Zp
What is the difference between a digest and a hash function?
Security in case of Malicious and Augmented Semi-Honest Adversaries
Using RSA signature as a secret material
What is the purpose of ISAAC's randinit() function?
Is the CBC mode of operation a stream cipher mode?
Is allowing both digitalSignature and keyEncipherment certificate usages a bad practice?
Is there such thing as an order independent, updatable hash?
Security consequences of HMAC(m, K) instead of the correct way HMAC(K, m)
How can I show the new crypto scheme is still IND-CCA1 in proof of “IND-CCA1 does not imply NM-CPA”?
Checking a file for integrity and authentication
Components of Cryptanalysis
Encrypting AES cipher text with fully homomorphic encryption
Decentralized consent over a random number
About numberical comparison in Attribute based encryption
How much would an unexpected hash collision undermine the security of a hash function?
Simple RSA proof of correctness using Bézout's identity
Security concern with TOTP
RSA - What's to stop someone from using the same ciphertext to mimic private key holder?
Assuming that NP = RP, how would this impact cryptography?
Diode vs quantum computer
How to calculate entropy of a random number?
How does "one-pass" authentication differ from "two-pass"?
Key Derivation Function (KDF) Usage
When to use safe prime or Schnorr group
What makes Quantum Cryptography secure?
In EC with key chaining, is it possible to verify signature made by root private key using public key of derived keypair?
Confusion about security of quantum key distribution
ECDH check points
Does information theoretical security definition imply DDH, RSA, QR does not hold?
One way communication with forward secrecy?
Security of this parallelizable two-pass authentication scheme
Does this computation lead to solving DL?
Determining a cryptographic algorithm by description
Question about CTR_DRBG Instantiation specification
How did "Secure Voice" work on the old Air Force One's?
Shor's algorithm for elliptic curve discrete logarithm problem
Entropy after shuffling result of /dev/urandom
What is the relationship between p (prime), n (order) and h (cofactor) of an elliptic curve?
Understanding how to proof an encryption scheme is perfectly secret
Generating OTP using Digital Dead Drop
Showing the concatenation of pseudorandom functions is a pseudorandom function
how to calculate the average key search for AES-128bit?
Cryptographically strong seeded pseudo random number generator
Using NIST constructions based on Keccak like cSHAKE128 for other sponges
Encryption Scheme & Perfect Secrecy [Katz & Lindell]
For large prime P, how often is (P-1) evenly divisible by 65537?
Why is Symmetric encryption classed as Private Key?
Understanding Key space
Is it safe to use a MAC as iv for CTR encoding?
Is it Possible to Generate a Duplicate DH Session Key from 2 Pairs of DH Keys?
Necessary to authenticate nonce if authentication-key is derived from nonce?
How to perform the padding oracle attack on AES CBC?
Unable to implement Client and Server Side Hashing (Validation problem)
Is it possible to have 11 rounds with an AES of 128 bits?
how to choose a random secret key for ECDH
Is this MAC-then-encrypt scheme secure?
Can we use higher strength SHA along with lower strength RSA key in SSL?
Weaknesses in ARX block ciphers
Key and signature sizes of NTRU and NTRU Prime?
Why are processes requiring (almost) as much work as brute force considered an "attack" on a hash function?
Short integer solution lattice problem with q=2
How to stop an attacker from repeating the same ciphertext?
Non partial homomorphic encryption
Timing vulnerability of byte array equality test?
If the input text and output text in DES are the same what is the value of the key?
